Urban Dictionary Calls India Rapistan and We Dont Know How to Feel. Pakistans former legislator seeks asylum in India. I informally accepted an offer in a startup and got a better offer the next day.What should I do next: I was interviewing for a company A which right away gave me an offer after the interview and I told the guy lll join next month. The guy mailed me an informal offer letter so that I can resign next day and I dont have to wait for the offer letter that has directors signature which he said Ill receive within a week. Cut to next day I receive an offer from a company B that I had an interview with the day before and the offer is almost 1.5L more. Now frankly Id want to join company A because of certain reasons cool officenear my home etc but should I try to negotiate with company A again as now I have an offer letter from company B This is my first job change since college. Id be glad if someone could help out.. Share it if youre proud. Does anyone have besties or family members who constantly bash Congress on social media How do you deal with them: Storytime One of my closest friends regularly puts BJP/Congress memes on Instagram every single day bashing opposition party Congress and its followers. All he does it bash people who criticize media houses like Quint or whatever news channel that says anything against Modi. Its really getting annoying. Does anyone have family or friends who do that. Ik Mulaqaat Dream Girl Romantic Love Story New Hindi Song Pratap Nath Official. Can genetic mutation occur in women due to gravitational matrix at Sabarimala temple. Confused with my career: Hi Im 23 year old man living in India I did my Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science I was fine in programming and was a noob in competitive programming I somehow cracked the TCS CodeVita a competitive programming competition and got a job in TCS but Im not very much satisfied with my job. The college I studied in was tier three college so good companies dont visit our campus. I had offers from TCS Wipro etc but TCS was the best in all the worst companies I had offers from so I joined it. The salary I get is also very low 3.5lpa also I have a service agreement of an year there. Im very much confused about my future as to what I should do next I dont want to work there. I need a good salary. So should I get better at competitive programming and let companies contact me or should I get decent in DS Algos give eLitmus and let companies contact me Or should I give the GATE exam and do M.Tech or should i go to US and do my masters or should I give CAT and go for MBA. Also my girlfriend is doing her masters from a well reputed college so I have an inferiority complex shell also be doing PhD. Me being a B.Tech feel very bad about myself. Someone please guide me. Im already depressed.. Google translate being dirty had to search due to a whatsapp forward message D. Share it if youre proud. Foreign Student Accuses IIT Kanpur Professor Of Misconduct Removed. To clear gambling debts Goldman Sachs VP tried to swindle Rs 38 crore from company. [P]Reservation Should Go On Till There Is Untouchability RSS. Billboard Top 100 best English songs 2019 Most played songs of the year 2019Junes hottest music. Petition against Gates foundations decision to award Narendra Modi. Nirmala Sitharaman Says Indias Auto Slowdown Due To Change In Peoples Mindset. Ram temple will be built as Supreme Court is ours says UP minister Mukut Verma [2018]. What is McCarthyism And how did it happen. Congress to appoint preraks on RSS model of mass contact. Realme 5 pro review in hindi. Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs VP swindles firm of Rs 38 crore to pay off poker debt. Mastan Bengali Audio Jukbox Govinda Mandakini . Actorturnedpolitician Urmila Matondkar quits Congress party. Buy Stylish Victoria White Designer Turban Headbands for Adults. Pakistan Warns of Genocide in Kashmir Sees No Talks With India. sex: [removed]. The sky is pink Official Trailer. 9 parenting tips on raising a child who reads. India and Nepal Open South Asias First CrossBorder Oil Pipeline. Riding twowheeler with sandals flipflops illegal How much fine youll need to pay. ED issues showcause notice to Amnesty International for violating foreign exchange law. 90s Hindi Dj Remix song Old Is Gold Dj Remix Songs. HP may allow cannabis cultivation Tribune India. You should know what ozone is.. Arfa Khanum of TheWire interviewing Kashmiri Sikhs after 370 Abrogation. Question regarding GMAT: Anyone here who took the test recently or is going to Im confused between offlineJamboree gurgaon and online source like magoosh. How did you prepare what are the pros and cons of both. Please help.. Anime Manga or LN fans here: Hello r/india Im currently looking for some suggestions in anime or manga or LNs. Darkfantasy or horror type shit will be okay. As example Berserk or Vagabond or Junji Itos works. Please also visit my Indian weeb subreddit r/HindustaniWeeb if you are interested. Why did news professionals share the clipped video of Ravish Kumar. Same Muslim woman who is seen at all celebrations...she figures in Union Fin Min Nirmala Sitharaman 100 days of Modi rule presentation. Indian Express Urmila Matondkar resigns from Congress. Deewana 90s Romantic Songs Shahrukh Khan Rishi KapoorDivya Bharti Hindi Old Songs Jukebox. I am looking to hire an academic mentor for the students of Northeast India. Can somebody help me: Hi If you are interested in living in a beautiful city of Shillong and help students their academically plz PM me. We will pay better than the industry standard.. Raksha Bandhan special Odia songs New Rakhi Purnima whatsapp status video. Is Global Warming the 21st Centurys Black Death. Applying for jobs: Hello everyone. I am a student of a reputed college who wont be able to sit for campus placements. I am planning to apply on my own to IT and core electronic companies. I wanted to know how to go about it. Could anyone who has faced this before elucidate their experience TIA. New Love Dj Remix Whatsapp Status Video Hindi Old Song Remix Love Status Remix Status 2019. Clipped video of Ravish Kumars 2013 program circulated with a misleading narrative journalists join in [p]. India Nepal Inaugurate Cross Border Oil Pipeline. This is how our lecturer ended his class today. For Transgender Indians Hoping to Join Police Force a Dream Is Denied. Anyone using Bacopa Monniere Brahmi in India : What is the best Brand for Bacopa in India. Himalaya looks fake to me as there is no mention of Bacosides on the product. Are there teachers or schools that dont actively promote the Doctor/Engineering narrative I mean. It seems like the Liberal Arts are actively avoided when motivating kids to study. You learn of these options only once you reach class 11. And by then its sometimes too late.: Random thought 2. No one spoke about careers in journalism graphic design teaching or even pure science for that matter. It just seems like all effort was made towards creating JEE/NEET/AIPMT ready kids.. Can anyone point me to an artist who does digital portraits: I am looking for an indian artist who will take commissioned work specifically a photorealistic digital portrait. I need to get a proper family photo framed as a gift to my mom on her birthday something she has been asking for. Trouble is my dad is no more and i realise we dont have any such photo taken together with the kind of resolution that would be needed for enlarging. Can you guys direct me to an indian artist or foreign as long as they accept paypal who will undertake such a paid commission I can supply high res photos of each family member and they could put them together in a single illustration seated/standing with minimal background. Help would be much appreciated . Rich Indians seek the safety of foreign shores High net worth individuals make a beeline for Greece Portugal Thailand Canada and Hong Kong. Indias Moon Mission Locates Landing Craft No Communication Yet. Action Nigerias Film Industry Draws Global Entertainment Brands. Rajnath and No First Use Tainting Indias Image as a Responsible Nuclear Power. MeitY pings UIDAI on Aadhaarsocial media linking. The ban on PwC placed in the wake of Satyam Scandal has been just lifted do you think this is justified: The ban on PwC from auditing results of list companies [has just been overturned by the Securities and Appellate Tribunal SAT]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/services/consultancy/audit/satquashessebiorderofbanningpwcfortwoyearsfromauditing/articleshow/71044512.cms. gt SAT ruled that there was no evidence that the PwC India affiliate colluded with the Satyam management in the 7800 crore fraud. However basic common sense tells you that its just impossible for Satyam to have perpetuated such a large scam without the auditors getting a wind of it. Otherwise its a question mark on the sheer competence of this great audit firm and they have no business doing audits in the first place What do you make of this. Best of Alka Yagnik amp Kumar Sanu Best Hindi Songs 90s Bollywood Romantic Songs Audio Jukebox. Kashmiris Allege Beatings Abuse in Raids by Indian Troops. Indias Sons Tale of False Rape Case Survivors First Trailer 2020 Release. BJP lawmaker says IAS officer who resigned is traitor should go to Pakistan. Doing Drama Woman On Wheelchair Asked To Stand At Delhi Airport. entities that bought vahan database from the government. The Sky Is Pink Official Trailer. Is there any chance of Nuclear War with India and Pakistan and should we be concerned: So Im hearing that India has switched to a first use policy. Im really concerned about whats going on over there. Im Filipino and I sure as hell dont want this to escalate into WW3 or the fallout from India reaching out country. You sure nuclear war isnt imminent over there Because Im scared and so is everyone else.. Career path of 10 year experience In IT: It might sound silly but I cant decide on which path to take . I have worked as a Oracle DBA for my entire Career in the same company. Now that its been 10 years I feel like have not upgraded myself to new technologies that are emerging and want to relearn according to latest trends . At the same time I am confused if someone will be ready to hire me as a 10 year experienced guy with no practical knowledge on new technology letssay AI/ML that I am willing to learn. Wouldnt they rather go for a fresher or a guy with couple of years experience in that technology So I am thinking maybe I should go towards fields what are related to the database like BIG data Hadoop/Hive/NoSql analytics or data scientist have little idea about it . If someone from IT can give some advice I would be really thankful .. 2017 BHOJPURI RAP Bollywood Song Ridam Tripathi Bhojpuri Hindi Song. Dhvani Bhanushali Bekhayali Acoustic Kabir Singh SachetParampara New Hindi Songs 2019. A hundred days on Modi 2.0 Its purpose is the show of power nationalist fervour social control. BJP launches attack on Sasikanth Senthil calls him antinational. Gaming addiction can lead to psychological disturbances. 5 unknown faces seek Kashmir Valley leadership. Did anyone got the cashback in their future pay wallet that big bazar was offering during 915 aug sale Not that 100 per month for 6months but the one that was offered on individual products like Tide and Fortune. WhatsApp tricks in Hindi do watch to be more smart among your friends Vande Mataram. Dr G Satheesh Reddy Chairman of Defence ResearchampDevelopment Organisation DRDO I think after that gesture ISRO scientists again started working on the mission started looking for what actually happened amp thats how they could locate the rover also. Chandrayaan2. Random Daily Discussion Thread September 10 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. BLACKPINK Dont Know What To Do Color Coded Lyrics Eng/Rom/Han/. World Suicide Prevention Day 10th September: It is known that India is one of the leading countries with regards to suicide Just a few reminders for friends if someone you know is suicidal Connect Listen be accepting dont judge Confirm Ask if they are having thoughts of suicide or dying Protect Take any threats that they make seriously. Do not agree to keep it a secret. Tell someone Stay Do not leave a person whom you are concerned about at immenent risk. You may just be their lifeline. Act Call for help immediately What to say to a friend whos suicidal First and foremost listen to them vent to you Do not interrupt . Everyones life matters. Treatment works. People do care. Help is available. Dont keep it to yourself. Tell a trusted adult. incase of a child/teen/young adult. Ahare Ahare Band Ghuri Bangla New Song 2019 Official Video. Bengaluru Call recordings reveal womans plot to kill spouse Bengaluru News Times of India. Austrian Doctor Sues US for Seizing Patients Abortion Drugs. This cats rope of hope: Watch This cats rope of hope https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/watchthiscatsropeofhope/videoshow/70789239.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourcenativesharetray. This cats rope of hope: [removed]. Top Hindi Heart Touching Songs 2019Romantic Hindi Love Songs 2019New Indian Songs 2019 September. How One Neighborhood in Kashmir Is Resisting Indias Army. Gladiator Now We Are Free Super Theme Song. Who killed the wandering rhino in Assam. How do you not compare your life from the life of others: So its midnight and Im on social media where people telling me how much they partied or about their dates and how they spent their vacations. And Im here feeling bad about my life.. A SoundandArt Show Fills a Void for Muslims in Brooklyn. Are there any good VPNs which have servers in India for people outside of India: I want to watch some stuff on Voot but I dont live in India. Voot is only available in so is there any VPN which can connect to Indian servers. What happened to Arnab Goswami: I know he always shouted on his shows but I just tuned into his debate on R Bharat and it is just him shouting like a maniac literally a maniac. Seems like he lost all self respect after opening his own channel.. Live Ambaji Temple Darsan 2019 Jay Ambe. [Ask India] Need help finding a song: The song is Leke pehla pehla pyaar which was sung by a British or AmericanIndian singer. Cant remember the name Might be in between 200510. Line included gt just lets get it on get on get on. Marital Bliss or Nah 90 Day Fiance Becomes Hit for TLC. Meet Banwang Losu Arunachal man who scripted history by creating new alphabet for ancient tribal language. Pramod Premi Yadav DJ songs Bhojpuri Nonstop DJ Remix 2018 Popular PARTY MIX. Employer holding pay of entire 60 days notice period: I work in a IT startup. I have resigned recently. However to my surprise the company informed me that my pay for entire 60days of my notice period will be held till the last working day of my notice period and paid together. I have never heard of this. My friends who are also working in IT have told me that their company holds only 1 month pay i.e. the preceding. THis is shocking to me because if I do not get salary I will not be able to pay my bills rent or groceries I must tell that I have gone through agreement multiple times and my employment agreement does not mention any such term where my pay will be held during notice period. Also I realized that the employers notice is just 30 days in case they wish to fire me but I need to serve 60 days notice period shouldnt both of this be same Can somebody please help me on the matter.. Three Animal Species Declared Extinct in India. Woman on wheelchair asked to stand at Delhis T3 told dont do drama. Government should Ban painted Ganesh idols: What if government bans painted Ganesh idols and say yes only to Clay idols then it would be great agree. Faye DSouza Resigns as Executive Editor From Mirror Now. Modi government cuts increments for senior ISRO staff. Can meme be posted in this sub. Canada vs US for MS in ECE: I know that US pays more compared to canada. But I am not going only for money. Universal healthcare less racism nice people in canada surely looks better for me. I would like to get more advice from people who made this choice. Thank you. India once called Zionism racist. Today it moves to replicate it. India Imposes Curfews in Kashmir After Clashes During Religious Procession. OLD IS GOLD Superhit Romantic Hindi Duets Revival Songs . A Man on a Mission to Save Sparrows. Modi government cuts increments for senior ISRO staff: http//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/sep/09/themodigovtcutsincrementsforseniorisrostaff2031222.html But this order was signed June 2019 seems a bit odd this is on the news now.. Mumbai Teenager Steals Rs 10 lakh From Home to Help Boyfriend Start Business. Is there a way to file a complaint against domestic violence anonymously: A family lives in an apartment building opposite our house. Whole neighborhood often hears sounds of wife crying and husband shouting at her. But nobody really says anything since wife herself is a policeman. A Toyota innova is assigned for her so I guess she might be on a very good position of power. Yet it looks like she just keeps tolerating the abuse by her husband. Is there a way to file a complaint against this domestic abuse anonymously I dont want to get myself involved in this as police itself is a victim here but I cant also keep ignoring it.. An Youtubers brother went missing for 4 days and police found him today: [This]https//youtu.be/thm4etnRU is the case. What exactly happened to that guy Doctors told that he will need to be isolated for few months. Unforgettable 90s Hindi Love DJ Remix songs Nonstop Hindi Old DJ Mashup Old Hindi DJ Remix. Chandrayaan 2 Reestablishing communication link with lander proving more difficult with time says ISRO. TIL Lal Bahadur Shastri envisioned a socialist democracy for India in line with Nehrus vision and principles.: Lal Bahadur Shastris [first speech to India as Prime Minister]https//www.inc.in/en/media/speech/firstbroadcasttothenationasprimeminister gt There comes a time in the life of every nation when it stands at the crossroads of history and must choose which way to go. But for us there need be no difficulty or hesitation no looking to right or left. Our way is straight and clearthe building up of a socialist democracy at home with freedom and prosperity for all and the maintenance of world peace and friendship with all nations abroad. To that straight road and to these shining ideals we rededicate ourselves today. ... gt Political democracy and the way it has functioned in our country is surely a great achievement. Here again we owe an immeasurable debt to Jawaharlalji for his deep attachment to democracy as a form of Government and as a way of life. ... gt With him has ended the great age which Gandhiji began and Jawaharlalji consolidated. We have now to build on the firm foundations they have left behind. Let us then bend ourselves to the great tasks before us an India free prosperous and strong and a world at peace and without war. These would he the most fitting memorials to Gandhiji and Jawaharlal.. How to get a white collar job in Delhi : I passed out engineering in 2014 Btech in Com Sci and since then I have been unsuccessfully preparing for various govt jobs. I have forgotten everythig related to engineering and programming in the last five years. What options do I have to get a job in Delhi Or am I only eligible to blue collar jobs like food delivery salesman etc type of jobs unless I do Mtech I am ready to some vocational training in computers or programming for few months if it is required . I dont care about salary I will be okay with even 10k15k salary but I need a job. It is not like I am against blue collar jobs or consider it inferior but my father laready gives me 25k per month for expenditure and I have 5 Lacs in FD in bank so It will not be wise for me to take up blue collar job as I am not dying of hunger.. If Vikram Lander Communication established What Information We Will Get Chandrayan 2. Buy Freida Blue Embellished Headbands for Women Online. Suggest some good solutions to keep breath fresh throughout the day.: I keep happydent with me most times or chlormint though I dont smoke. I want to know what are some other more effective methods.. Double jolt for Delhi transporter Gets fined Rs 1 lakh then driver runs away with money. Woman kills her two kids by hanging them before committing suicide in Thane. Son nephew reinducted as Telangana CM KCR expands cabinet again. Ashok Leyland announces upto 18 nonworking days across five plants. Vikram and pragyan final moments. Buy Sex Toys For Girls At Low Price In Mumbai Kolkata Pune Chennai Goa. Buy Exciting Adult Sex Toys For Women At Cheap Rate In Pune. Why An Aligarh Man Has Started Wearing A Helmet While Driving Car. Arijit Singh Pachtaoge Sad Love Story New Hindi Song 2019 Just Love. Application of Median Using R And Python Calculating Median On the Go. Our Intention is to Expel Illegal Immigrants From the Entire Country Not Just Assam Amit Shah. Jhum Jhum Jhum Romantic Odia Song Film Suna Panjuri ODIA HD. Telangana Second level flood warning issued after Godavri overflows. No these Moon images dont show Chandrayaan2s Vikram Lander .... My Car Was Fined Too for Speeding in Mumbai Says Nitin Gadkari Defends Hefty Challans. Jatti Tera Kare Dil Ton Khushbaaz Official Audio Song Latest Punjabi Songs Folk Rakaat. Ravish Kumars Ramon Magsaysay Award acceptance speech.. I Have No Answer to why I have been Arrested Says Chidambaram on Twitter. Can someone explain how Swiggy is charging GST at 9.97 Also this restaurant is owned and operated by Swiggy Bundl technologies Pvt Ltd and DOES NOT have an FSSAI number for over 3 months.. Chandrayaan2 mission 95 and scientific spirit dont tally. Its not easy to be Atheist in India: And by that I didnt mean youll be lynched by your parents for coming out as an atheist theyll be disappointed at best or wont understand you at all. But thats not the main problem here the main problem is its very difficult to criticize Hinduism. Unlike other major religions such as Christianity and Islam Hinduism suffers from a dissociative identity disorder. Many people argue that its a way of life or a cultural identity unique to the subcontinent and not a mainstream religion. But in reality its very evidently a religion. When someone questions the verses of the holy scriptures the best reply they get is Oh we Hindus dont follow our scriptures very strictly like the Muslims amp Christians. When someone questions certain practices in Hinduism they blame it on the culture tradition amp society even if they are the ones who said Hinduism is a way of life not simply a religion. This double standard confuses many young people trying to question their faiths and in the end they give up and reconcile themselves believing that Hinduism is not completely evil like other western religions. Many people still cant comprehend the evils of the caste system and how it has affected the lives of the lower caste communities for thousands of years. Even I was living in denial back when I was a kid I believed that the varna system in Hinduism is not evil and the evil caste system was created by the British. At least thats what I was taught when I first questioned that system. Many smart Hindus argue that you can be an atheist and still be Hindu because there were many ancient atheistic schools in India like the Charvaka. But the thing is Charvaka was an exception in Hinduism not the rule. Many other ancient cultures were quite similar too who were absolutely materialistic and atheistic. Claiming that they were all modern secular humanists who considered nothing but science would be even more wrong. Theres nothing common between modernday atheism and those ancient cultures except disbelief in supernatural. I still dont get how someone is a modernday atheist and still be a Hindu culturally or otherwise.. Chehra Hai Ya Chand Khila Hai Dj Song Korean Mix Hindi New Cute Crush Love Story Song 2019. Remembering Dr Verghese Kurien for his stellar contribution in making India the largest producer of milk in the world and creating our most loved brand Amul. First 100 days of Modi 2.0 wipes off Rs 14 lakh crore stock investor wealth. PricewaterhouseCoopers SAT quashes Sebi order of banning PwC for two years from auditing. A request to fill Survey form: I request you all to fill this form belowwho lives in India . This form is an assessment for the initiative by the Prime Minister swachh bharat Abhiyaan. https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeZBhNogRgSES8IoCXgBizmRw4btQiZ5Xws6GMbypHrYA/viewform. Modernism Reboots at the Museums. Old Hindi Love Romantic Dj Song 90s Hits Hindi Old Is Gold Dj Remix Bollywood Dj Song. Unsold meals at Delhi Mumbai airport now feed hundreds of hungry children. In the Swiss Mountains a 356 Million Golf Resort Takes Shape. Daily Current Affairs 9 September 2019: 1 Madhya Pradeshs Happiness Dept. to open TimeBank 2 Nilgiri tahrs population up by 27 in three years 3 Ram Jethmalani passes away at 95 4 UTs of JampK Ladakh to have a common HC 5 Iran slams EU for broken promises on the nuclear deal 6 Union Environment Minister holds a bilateral meeting with China on Day7 of COP14 7 Heartland International Film Festival USA to explore Special Focus on India 8 Chinese trawlers in the southern Indian Ocean worry India 9 Turkey U.S. conduct joint patrols in Syria 10 Hong Kong has announced Withdrawl of Controversial Extradition Bill 11 NCLT Bench coming up at Mangalagiri 12 Saudis have lost the Yemen war 13 Unlawful Activities Prevention Act UAPA 1967 Maulana Masood Azhar Hafiz Saeed ZakiurRehman Lakhvi amp Dawood Ibrahim have been declared as individual terrorists 14 The grand Swachh Mahotsav event 2019 was held in New Delhi 15 Asian Development Bank provides 200 million to upgrade rural roads for Maharashtra 16 Ministry of Home Affairs conducts a long cycle rally to mark the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. 17 Dilip Sinha the author of the book on Indian Council of World Affairs ICWA named Shakti Ki Manyata Samyukta Rashtra Suraksha Parishad 18 The 3rd round of meeting between officials of India amp Pakistan on the modalities for operationalization of the Kartarpur Sahib Corridor held in Attari in Amritsar Punjab 19 Literacy and Multilingualism was the theme of International Literacy Day 2019 Read in [details here]https//dailynewsteller.blogspot.com/2019/09/dailycurrentaffairs9september2019.html. Buy Freida Blue Embellished Headbands for Women Online. A. R. Rahman Top 10 Love Hit songs Tamil Movie Audio Jukebox. Muslim artist makes Ganapati idol with 106 kg Belgian chocolate in Ludhiana. A slice of home. A moment that brought me to tears:  I was once going on a road trip. As I was getting tired and was searching for some place for dinner I came across an Indian restaurant. I thought that would be the best choice so I can get a good old slice of home in good old America. This was in a small city in Wyoming and I was thrilled to find an Indian restaurant after driving constantly for over 11 hours. After parking my car and entering through the door the restaurant had large glass windows and white linen covered on top of the tables along with a buffet in the corner. Apart from me there was only one other family there that day. Right in front of me by the entrance there was a desk and on the corner of the desk was a statue of Lord Ganesha and Bharat Mata so I knew this was not a Mullah restaurant. Upon seeing those and the strong fragrance of Tadka Masala and Naan hit my nostrils I immediately had memories of me back home. I inhaled to the top of my lungs as much as I could and shouted as loud as I humanly can Bharat Mata Ki Jai Ho but nobody responded. so I tried again and yelled Bharat Mata Ki Jai Ho and all the staff from the back came out and responded Bharat Mata Ki Jai Ho And then I yelled Bharat Mata Ki Jai Ho the third time and everyone responded back Bharat Mata Ki Jai Ho I guess third time was the charm At that moment tears came rolling out of my eyes and a grown man like me began to cry. That moment when I found a home far away in the least expected of places that I found my fellow countrymen and countrywomen in the most unexpected and unlikely of places.. Passenger vehicle sales decline for 10th straight month down 31.57 in August. Main Yahaan Hoon Full Song VeerZaara Shah Rukh Khan Preity Zinta Udit Narayan. As they build Indias first camp for illegals some workers fear detention there. 60 funding for cow dung urine startups Times of India. United States CDC says stop vaping as mystery lung condition spreads TechCrunch. brutal both British rule and this roast. Honest Question Does anyone else feel that the Pakistani minister Fawad Chaudhary is a double of our bollywood actor Ram Kapoor: These two look quite similar and alike both in size and dimension.. Nickel iron batteries the most ethical batteries that Edison invented anyone makes in India: I got inspired by the most ethical type of batteries in the world that will go on forever. Watch the 3 minute video if you want to know why they are the most ethical https//youtu.be/dfrgLsyFs0E. 60 funding for cow dung urine startups Times of India. People LPG Gas Stove Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. A pretty great article on wokeness and victimhood obsession by millennials. Modi govt expected to bring stricter resignation rules for IAS IPS officers. NEW HINDI SONGS 2019 / Best Romantic Love Songs 2019 BOLLYWOOD ROMANTIC JUKEBOX 2019 . Memorable Bengali Love Songs Bengali Romantic Hits Audio Jukebox. 60 funding for cow dung urine startups. Andhra Pradesh On YSRs tenth death anniversary CM Jagan reinstates fathers statue in Vijayawada. The statue which was first installed in 2011 had been removed by the TDP government in 2016 citing obstruction to traffic.. On YSRs tenth death anniversary CM Jagan reinstates fathers statue in Vijayawada. The statue which was first installed in 2011 had been removed by the TDP government in 2016 citing obstruction to traffic.. Son nephew reinducted as Telangana CM KCR expands cabinet again. Love Story 1981 Full Video Songs Jukebox Kumar Gaurav Vijeyta Pandit Rajendra Kumar. The Beauty of Indian Women Akaash Singh Stand Up Comedy. Give and Take Indiabulls and corporate groups like Reliance DLF collaborated to turn hundreds of crores of public money into private wealth PIL in Delhi HC. 67 Gujarat cops face political pressure in probe Study Vadodara News Times of India. Weekly photography thread thread September 09 2019: This is a weekly scheduled thread for all the image submissions. Please share a photo that you have clicked or found interesting. Want to share your images when this thread isnt stickied Join our Discord server. We have a separate channel pictures exclusively for image submissions. [Previous threads.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqWeeklyphotographythreadamprestrictsronampsortnewamptall. Weekly financial advice thread September 09 2019: Weekly thread for everything related to Indian banking investments and insurance. This thread will be posted on every Wednesday from now on instead of Monday. You can discuss about banking tips queries recommendations on investments banking products accounts credit cards insurance and security tips. Ask for help if you are facing any problems and need legal help. Also checkout our friendly neighborhood sub r/IndiaInvestments and r/LegalAdviceIndia. Want to discuss about financial advice when this thread isnt stickied Join our [Discord]https//discord.gg/6V29X7f server. We have a separate channel financialadvice exclusively for this topic. [Previous threads.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqWeeklyFinancialAdviceThreadamprestrictsronampsortnewamptall. Love Mashup 2.0 2019 Hindi English Songs Summer Mashup DJ PARTH amp DJ DHRUV VDJ Mahe 4K UHD. What victory of delicate nature have our computer scientist achieved in the recent mission of Chandrayan2: Even if we were unsuccessful in soft landing what are the limits you guys think that were broken in this lunar mission by our computer scientist communities perspective and some non classified information of their ingenuity. Role reversal Cops lathi charge people who asked them for documents of PCR van in Bhubaneswar. TOP 20 HEART TOUCHING SONGS 2018 2019 New Romantic Hindi Hist Song 2019 BEST INDIAN Music. Old Hindi Dj Remix Hi Bass Dholki Mix Songs 90s Unforgettable Romantic Jukebox Indian Music. Degree Of Dignity And Accountability Of Ministers. Tu Jithe Mi Tithe Song Photocopy New Marathi Romantic Songs 2016 Parna Pethe Chetan Chitnis. I fucked up need some help: I graduated in CS in 2017 from a tier 3 college. I was terrible at coding so couldnt get any placement. My original plan was to crack CAT but couldnt clear it. Tried 2 times but to no avail. Now 2 years have passed and Ive done nothing basically although I did brush up some coding here and there but nothing on paper . I have just started coding again started with cs50 on edx but still feel bad considering I am 24 and still learning the basics. and god knows how would I explain that 2 year gap. I am also somewhat depressed as my friends are working on 10 lpa jobs whilst Im still at at big 0. If that helps I have 80 in 10th amp 12th and 7.3 CGPA in my grad. Looking for some advice as how to follow through so that I could end up with a decent job. I am in deep regret amp I am ready to work my ass off. I really want to ctach up to my classmates even better them but I dont know how. Any help is appreciated. Also Is it a good idea to cover it up with a fake startup I mean I could create a website and show it as my 2 year work Can they catch me If not Any other advice Should I go freelancing ot hunt for job I live in Indore if it may help. My dream is to get into some big product based company. I am willing to do any amount of work for that. Thanks for listening folks. If anyone had a similar phase let me know.. Hindi comedy gan New Song Bangla Dj Dance 900. Pachtaoge Full Video Song Arijit Singh Vicky K amp Nora Fatehi Jaani B Praak Bada Pachtaoge. Popularity of manga and anime compared to that of years ago. New Love Dj Remix Song Whatsapp Status Video Hindi Old Song Remix Love Status RemixStatus2019. Raj kya kar rahe ho. Charlie Puth How Long [Official Video].  Best Of Anuradha Paudwal Songs IndoBangla Music. Increasing tolerance in India: People talk about how intolerant India has become. I think it is the reverse we have become so tolerant. Remember the outrage that Nirbhaya case caused Kathuas outrage was less. Unnaos even lesser. These days there is no daily newspaper without a rape case. Remember the outrage when a minister said peacock reproduces by tears These days even our HRD minister spews such bs on a daily basis infront of highly educated audience no less. Remember Mohammad Akhlaqs lynching case The accused was seen in front row of a CMs rally. Ramgarh mob lynching A minister garlanded the convicted group. In Malegaon blast case the accused is a minister now. Again mob lynchings have become common news these days. Remember DeMo oh wait I am sure you would How the govt. was criticised for an unplanned decision making Theres one such decision every month. A record number of bills have been passed in the 100 days of govt. The eruption that metoo casting couch scandals caused An actress coming out these days would be seen as just another. One popular outcome of that is the dissolution of AIB. Where are the popular accused these days Dollar rate was 48 when I was writing GK exams at school. Where is it now 5 what is 5 Its the story of frog in a hot water bath. We are going down slowly but surely. Sorry if I made you sad. Cheer up We have to support India in our next series versus South Africa and btw how is the boom in kashmir real estate and matrimony industries. Podcast panel members required: So i am starting this new podcast for my youtube and i was wondering if anyone wanna be part of it . I am thinking something aroumd horror but We can do any topics just to start this series . Comment below or pm me if you are interested.. Arijit Singh New Songs 20182019 Best Of Arijit Singh Best Hindi Song Latest 2019 / Indian Songs. National Security Conversation Indias Space Programme. Late night sad poetry thread. When 90s kids were getting drawn to cola this Doodh ad made drinking milk cool again. Vikram Lander.. Hrithik Roshan Bhojpuri Song Lollipop Lagelu Dance Pawan Singh Super 30. Kashmir BJP and other issues i have with india [serious] be civil and respect others opinions in comments: india is slowly taking a dark path some people might pass off tge situation at kashmir rn as jihadists want freedom and shit but the actual citizens ACTUALLY want freedom just to be opressed the army opened fire multiple times on peaceful protestors WTF. Its like the situation in HongKong except EVER SO SLIGHTLY less bloody. beleive me ive visited kashmir the citizens DO want freedom. Lets move to the BJP part they have over 120 people employed just to watch the news and report channels that are antiBJP they do something i dont know what but MORE AND MORE news channels have suddenly taken the BJPs side. they are fucking with the freedom of speech of Kashmirus and bow theyre doing it to the news it wont be much long before it is compromised altogether. ur opinions be civil. At least 90 stray dogs found dead in Maharashtras Buldhana district.. In charts High approval for police violence in India 80 among police 50 among citizens The data is from a survey of nearly 12000 police personnel from 21 states.. Hindi new hot sexy song romantic video songs Main khud ko hindi sexy songs sunny leone. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Every slightly interesting tourist attraction in India. Every slightly interesting tourist attraction in India. Every slightly interesting tourist attraction in India. [NP] What are your thoughts on how medicine is taught in India: I am not a doctor not do I have a good understanding of medical colleges in India. I joined engineering at the age of 18 and after the second year I lost interest in the subjects that were taught. Now after graduating I have a better understanding of what I want to do and what my interests are. So Id assume its the same for someone who joined mbbs as an 18 year old. In the US if Im not wrong you join medical school after graduation in a related 3/year degree in a field like biology. The people joining will have a better idea on what they want to do with their life at that age. Why not implement the same here in India. Four Republicans 20 Democrats Vie for U.S. Presidential Nominations. Sanwle Rangeya Sukh Brar Official Song New Punjabi Song 2019. Kiran Nagarkar dies at 77 For many the passing of the icon began many months before his death. India Locates Lander Lost on Final Approach to Moon. Hindi news video super hit gaan. Hindi song mix pubg: [deleted]. Family demand justice for Kashmiri teenager killed in unprovoked attack. VIT Bhopal freshers party. Aaj Tak Live TV Hindi News LIVE 24X7 24X7 LIVE. Why didnt ISL get famous like IPL Will Football ever be as famous as Cricket in India: I know this is somewhat of a generalized question. Im not an avid follower of both the games but I do know the existence of these two Leagues in India one for Football and the other for Cricket. And ISL despite being a few years only like at least 5 years old is not able to be at the same level as IPL. And Igor Stimac the new Indian team Manager and Footballing legend from Croatia who was part of World Cup Winning team in 1988 says India will be one of the top 10 teams in Asia and that it will take tradition to build ISL like iLeague and tradition cannot be bought. What tradition did IPL have Is it the Ranji Trophy tradition Or what was it Will ISL be ever be as famous as IPL. Bande Mo Bharat Odia New Patriotic Song Little Studio Version. How to deny politely advice: Hello Ive written a short FACTS book deeply researched for the products i sell and placed it on the counter for customers to read and in a way provide better service that my competitors dont . But very few people try taking photos of it even mentioned on book stating no photos. feels like plagiarism on my hard work What do i tell them the reason why it is not allowed to take photos . Police to Close Cheating Case Against Ex SC Employee Who Accused CJI of Harassment CJI Ranjan Gogoi had used this case to try and discredit the womans allegations. 90 Old Hindi dj song Hi Bass Dholki Mix Non stop dj Mix. ICMR funds a project to chant Mahamrityunjaya mantra to aid brain injury patients. India Says It Has Located Chandrayaan2 Lander on Moons Surface. Im feeling really scared and depressed and need some advice please college related: I am doing computer engineering which I shouldnt have taken probably but now I have no choice. I had no idea computer science and engineering are very different. I love coding and learning about computers but Im very weak at the electrical side. In my first sem itself I got a back in electrical paper. I tried to clear it as I progressed but it still stayed. Now in 3rd year I got my results back and I still couldnt clear it. I do fairly well in all my other subjects even electrical where Im still weak. Ive been asked to say a year back and clear the paper. College starts tomorrow Ive told my parents and my best friend only. They are both supportive but I still feel like I let everyone down. Im slowly going crazy internally and I cant talk about it I want to scream and cry but somehow nothing comes out. My dad told me I should probably do some courses during this time I decided to do python and Im having fun learning it. But that feeling of failure is still floating around inside my head. All I ever wanted to do was make software make apps make games. I also read books and do music. Its a simple life I dont go out that much or watch TV all day. I dont feel like I deserve to have this because I tried my best to clear it. At this point no matter what I do every 15 to 20 mins I have a thought in my mind. And it goes I hate myself. Tomorrow college starts and I dont know how my body will react. Also Im pretty sure I blew all my chances of getting a good job from campus placements now I dont know what to do. Who Won or Lost the War of 1965 Cut the Clutter 259. Babri Masjid case Archaeological evidence rules out presentday Ayodhya as city of sacred texts. Who Won or Lost the War of 1965 Cut the Clutter 259. Restart. New Hot Sexy Hollywood Songs2019// 9xo top 10 Songs this week//English songs.. Indian Air Force Selects First Group of Astronauts For Gaganyaan Mission. India will soon send a group of nine candidates to Russia for further training.. Food Aggregators Cannibalising Dinein Restaurants Competition Commission of India Study Finds. If you are a Weeb then come join our Discord: We have weekly discussions on Anime and Manga and its a fun server https//discordapp.com/invite/E34hBCm. Sadda Dil Vi Tu Ga Ga Ga Ganpati from ABCDAny Body Can Dance 2013. Lander Vikram Located on Moon Surface in hindi Chandrayaan 2 LIVE Updates.  Kadak Marathi Remix song Superhit Marathi Dj Song Mk studio. Anyone who has watched it can you confirm whether or not The Boys show on amazon prime video is censored or not: Would rather pirate than watched censored and i know that prime used to censor shit here. Thanks. Adding a new feature one day before the release date. Chandrayaan2 Location of Vikram lander found yet to establish contact ISRO chief [NP]. Chandrayaan2 Moon lander found ISRO takes photo of crashed moon lander on lunar surface. MUST WATCH How did a liberal democracy turn into a Nazi dictatorship in just four years BBC Documentary. How One Neighborhood in Kashmir Is Resisting Indias Army. Medicines made with cow urine cure many diseases including cancer Union minister. We have found the location of Vikram Lander on Lunar surface says ISRO Cheif K Sivan.. Aashiqui By FA Sumon Eid Bangla Song 2018. The Dilemma of South Indian Names: Lets say my name is A.B. Xyz. A is my villages name B is my fathers name and people call me Xyz. Now these are the names in my official documents Pan Aadhar Driving license Birth Cert AB Xyz 10th and 12th AB Xyz B.E and Masters Xyz AB Passport Aexpanded Bexpanded Xyz. Now I know if I want to apply for PhD or job in foreign how much should I prepare myself for problems I am gonna face with these name mismatches especially between govt IDs and degree certificates . India Imposes Curfews in Kashmir After Clashes During Religious Procession. Just wanted to say it.... Dont know what to do: The title is self explanatory. Im happy Ill be graduating in less than a year. Ill finally be done with college. Dont have a lot of pleasant memories here. Now I dont know the path I should choose. I often end up spending hours evaluating my options after my degree. But those lengthy sessions are unproductive and trigger anxiety. One day Im inclined to pursue a Masters degree and then the next I want to work for a young enterprise. I realise Im capricious. A lot of my cousins look down on me for wanting a high salary. They think Im superficial skin deep. But Im not ashamed of my aspirations. I want to live a life of luxury. But then probably the same evening I want to work for a non profit serving the poor. I think this tendency to be indecisive isnt healthy. Im told to explore myself and select a vocation that suits me. But I dont know how thats done.. Eminent lawyer and former Union minister Ram Jethmalani dies at 95. Chandrayaan2 Isro finds lander Vikrams exact location. CM of Odisha giving 5 lakhs to Smt Mandodari Nayak widow of Raghu Nayak the gardener of Birla House who chased grappled with and pinned down a gunwielding Nathuram Godse when he was running away after killing Gandhi. Raghu died in 1983 in a remote village in Odisha broke and forgotten.. Daily Current Affairs 8 September 2019: 1 INCAA invites India to participate in Argentinas Mar del Plata Film Festival and Ventana Sur 2019 2 Constitution of the task force for drawing up the National Infrastructure Pipeline of Rs. 100 Lakh Crore from FY 201920 to FY 202425 3 President of India Inaugurates National Youth Summit 4 1st conference of Military Medicine for the SCO Member States to be held in New Delhi on 12 13 September 2019 5 The Wildlife Institute of India Dehradun established a lab for wildlife genomics 6 Genomic grid for India specific cancer research 7 South Africa has temporarily closed its diplomatic missions in Nigeria 8 Venkaiah Naidu addressed the National Conference on IndiaAfrica Partnership in a Changing Global Order 9 The position of India in 2019 world travel amp tourism competitiveness index is 34 10 2 Mous signed between India and South Korea for the Defence Cooperation 11 The First National Conference on Cyber Crime Investigation and Cyber Forensics held in New Delhi 12 NDB to provide Rs 6000 crore loan to Andhra Pradesh for social infrastructure projects [In Detail here]https//dailynewsteller.blogspot.com/2019/09/dailycurrentaffairs8september2019.html. 3YearOld Girl Thrown From 7th Floor In South Mumbai By Fathers Friend. Reviewing emeritus status a bid to show regimes muscle Romila Thapar. Witnessed a rather unusual matchup in my lawn today. Indian Council for Medical Research ICMR recommends prosecution against Nestle top Hospitals including Gangaram Manipal for clinical trial on 75 premature infants.. New hindi sad song 2019 Akshay kumar jubin natiyal Dhadkan. Punjab Amarinder Singh orders ban on TV serial after protests by Valmiki community. What is Indias Obsession with Caste Stickers on Their Cars The Quint. Open carry and lynching: Hi Was wondering if we have open carry or even concealer carry gun laws in India can it help as deterrence and mob lynching What do yall have to say. A PV Sindhu biopic now would be unwise Akshay Kumar should wait. [P] Questions from a class 6th Kendriya Vidyalaya Exam. The irony. Train Travel Advice during Diwali: Couldnt get the tickets have booked a Waiting ticket No.228 in sleeper. Im living in Delhi and my hometown is Patna. Will it be okay to travel general class on 27th Oct Diwali day Anyone with any experience about the crowd.  Nagpuri Item Songs 2016 New Bhojpuri Video Pritam [HD]. Tamil Nadu Free laptops for government school teachers. Bhakts rn. LGBT friends in here has anyone successfully come out to their Indian parents: By Indian I dont mean NRI or westernized parents. I mean totally Indian parents whom Id call aunty and uncle if I wanted to refer to them.. Caste On Wheels Indias Fascination With Flaunting Caste on Cars. Chandrayaan orbiter sends pictures of aliens to ISRO TOI.. Random Daily Discussion Thread September 08 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Eminent lawyer and former Union law minister Ram Jethmalani passes away. Weekly mental health support thread September 08 2019: Anything that you want to get off your chest be it heartbreak abuse depression sorrow career or education related behavioural changes etc. Share it here. You may find someone who went through a similar episode and will be able to help/guide you. Please be civil and maintain reddiquette while participating or replying/helping out someone. Heres an article on [What should I do if I see someone who is talking about suicide or selfharm on the site]https//www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/rulesreporting/accountandcommunityrestrictions/whatshouldidoifiseesomeonewho Also please join our [Discord]https//discord.gg/6V29X7f server to discuss on this we have a separate channel mentalhealth exclusively for this topic. [Previous threads.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/search/qWeekly20mental20health20support20threadamprestrictsr1ampsortnew. Pop Hits 2019 Best Pop Songs 2019 Best English Songs Collection Popular Pop Songs 2019. Dear India What is for breakfast today:  half a liter of water first thing after waking up and a spoonful of alsi flax seeds 0430 hours 1 Cup of tea with milk and sugar 0500 hours half a tomato 0630hours 1 cup oats in milk no sugar 0745 hours 1 cup of tea and 1 Bourbourn biscuit 0815 hours. NRC breaches citizenship act and is unconstitutional discussion with Prof. Faizan Mustafa.  AgalaatheY Nerkondapaarvai Ajith Movie Love Duet SonG Whatsapp Status Tamil HD. BECIL Manpower Executive amp Consultant Online Form 2019. O Priya ReFA SumonBangla New Music Video 2019Rana KhanNilimaFA Sumon New SongBangla New Song. How the East India Company became the worlds most powerful business. A good video from a Youtuber and Astrophysicist I follow on what might have happened to Chandrayaan 2. 15 Genuine Ways To Make Earn Money Online in India With No Investments as well. MEA in proactive mode to keep the narrative on Kashmir positive. Its freaking 1245 am and theres this procession of drums and dancing going on right outside my bedroom window.: Seriously though.. is there a law against noise at night or something How do people get away with stuff like this One of the reasons I dread Ganesh Chathurthi. Gah Theyve been at it for an hour. They wont stop even after a neighbour told them to.. New Pop Songs Playlist 2019 The Best World Songs Playlist 2019 Best English Songs 2019 Hits. First Crime Full Song Harsimran ft Shree Brar Latest Punjabi Songs 2019 Yaar Anmulle Records. From China to Pakistan How Indias benchmarking has dwindled over the last decade or so.: Growing up in the late 90s and 00s I remember the talk was always around how India is playing the catching up game with China and will stand neck to neck with the East Asian nation in the decades to come. Not only has that talk faded away and China has raced far far ahead the discourse is increasingly shifting towards comparison with Pakistan. While it may suit our political masters isnt it a matter of concern that we have started taking solace in how we are faring better than a failed state. Research on adult survivors of child sexual abuse: In order to participate in the research click on the given link https//docs.google.com/forms/d/1ZW3JMXfje0Q1cCbaEi6TJLsbAaVDAyri3NyR0WXV3zQ/edituspdrivesdk Hello My name is Srushti. I am 23 years old and currently doing a research project as a part of the M.A Clinical Psychology Course. My research is on adult survivors of child sexual abuse. The reason I chose this topic is because it is a very critical one survivors experience long term effects of what happened in their past and it debilitates their ability to live life fully and freely as adults to a very significant degree. Often the effects are so subtle that the person may not even be aware of how they are being debilitated. I am conducting this research to understand the general problems and blockages faced by adult survivors of CSA so that it can contribute towards generating intervention and counseling steps/methods/practice ideas to help the survivors. I understand that this is a sensitive matter but the participants confidentiality is fully maintained in this survey. No details compromising the identity of the person need to be provided in the survey. I hope you will pass this around to your friends both male and female and help out in this endeavour. Thank you so much. Criticism Of Executive Judiciary Bureaucracy Or Armed Forces Not Sedition Justice Deepak Gupta. Is there a website to sell clothes online catering to an Indian market: something like Depop or Poshmark. If not is there a market of these two sites in India. Anup Jalota Aisi Lagi Lagan Meera Ho Gayi Magan Krishna Bhajan. Zakir Hussain Talks at Google. Express at TIFF 2019 Day 2 Lijo Jose Pellissarys Jallikattu wins the day. Bansidhar ke Bhojpuri gana 2019 ke. It would be cool if Chandrayaan2 could take images of the landing site of Vikram...: It would be cool if Chandrayaan2 could take images of the landing site of Vikram we will know physical status of the rover.. Chandrayaan 2 Vikram failure. What the probable reason could be.: As a Hindu I feel Lord Ganesha was not invoked and prayed to for the success of the mission. Lord Ganeshas blessings can help overcome all hurdles. At present Ganesh Chaturthi is being celebrated by Hindus. Legend has it that Lord Ganesha was angry at Lord Chandra during this period for some reason. This is why Hindus dont look at the moon during the Ganesh Chaturthi period. A sincere prayer to Lord Ganesha is needed by Prime Minister Modi and the ISRO chief Dr Shivan This name reminds me of Lord Shiva who cut Lord Ganeshas original head. I am sure Lord Ganesha will perform a miracle and solve the connectivity problem within a few days. Om Shree Ganeshaya Namah.. Takeaways From Chandrayaan2 Because There Cant Be A Better Time To Make A Few Observations About Indian Science. Sedition Law Most Abused Today Criticism Against Govt. In Power Does Not Make Any One Less Patriotic Justice Deepak Gupta. Engineer Stands In Flooded Mumbai Tracks For 16 Hours To Keep Trains Running. Ajit Doval says fully convinced most Kashmiris support removal of Article 370. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Couple Builds EcoFriendly Home in Telangana Creates 15Acre Food Forest. Pain of Scuba Diving Deaths Off California Felt Across Globe. Nagin Nagin Official Video Song Sister Sridevi Odia Film Babushan Shivani TCP. Need Career advice please help r/india.: 1. Graduated in 2016 from Mumbai University avg college based in Mumbai in IT with avg cgpa. 2. Decided not to attend campus placement as i was interested in higher studies and started preparing for gate from my 3rd year though i got placed at the end but didnt join because i wanted to do higher studies. 3. Dropped 2 years for gate but couldnt get into iit/iisc though got decent rank but btech was quite low so didnt got any call for mtech RA as i was interested in doing ml/dl thats the one reason i didnt wanted to join any service based company. 4. While i dropped 2 years and was at home i went into depression went through bad and abusive relationship everything was fucked up lost my all friends and became total antisocial. 5. At the end joined a service based mnc company in Mumbai as I was quite good with fundamentals i got 34 offer and joined the current one because they told me i will work as java developer and pay they offered is very less around 2.2 LPA and 2 years bond but i have to take it because i didnt have any option. 6. Kept me on bench for 2 months after that they said client requirements are changed and released me from the project and i gave interview for internal transfer and they selected me in ecm department though i declined but they told me i have no option but to join. 7. In ecm department they gave me basic training on ibm case manager tool then for 1 month i have worked on jenkins tool but again they told me i have to work on ibm filenet tool which i dont like as there is no coding involved in it and as far as i know there is no scope in it. I dont like the work and told the upper management that I wont work on such tool and requested to give java related work and declined to sign service bond of 2 years and they told me they dont have any projects on java for me and mow sending me on client location and its again very far from my home client location is thane and i told them I wont be able to go and Im not interested in working on their tool. Now i want switch from this company because of low pay 2 years bond and traveling takes around 44.5 hours the only reason i joined this company was to learn new technologies and also prepare for gate exam on weekends but nothing is working out as of now. Im depressed dont know what should i do Im not getting response from product based company because of gap and lack of experience. After working so hard I think i fucked up badly and my peers and friends are doing very good in their respective fields and here Im after 24 year trying to find my interest please help me what should i do in such situations.. Chandrayaan2 landing Isro lost contact with Vikram when it was just 2km from lunar surface. Give and Take Indiabulls and corporate groups like Reliance DLF collaborated to turn hundreds of crores of public money into private wealth PIL in Delhi HC. I want a politician whose only promise is that he will fix the roads and footpaths: I dont mean the uneven taller than your house roads with manholes popping out. I want flat flat roads with slightly raised spacious neatly constructed footpaths everywhere. The main image that a person gets when he thinks of a developed country is neat roads and footpaths. I want a politician who will change the face of the country. We need clean roads with plants trees and footpaths. With proper coordination from drainage department and other Depts so they dont have to keep digging up and ruining roads. I would LOVE to have a politician that does only that . Jai Ganesh Jai Ganesh Deva Ganeshji Ki Aarti. IAF completes first level of astronaut selection for Gaganyaan mission.. Does Marriage Spell an End for the Friendships of Our Youth. Kalpana Mohan chases madeinIndia English around the country and across cultures in this book. Delhi Metro cant incur losses over free rides to women Supreme Court tells Kejriwal govt.. Somebody posted on twitter. Distant galaxy in 10 years and ISRO ruling the new world. What Happens When You Accuse Your Boss of Sexual Harassment. Celebrating Holi An Hindu Festival amidst snowfall in Sangla Himachal Pradesh. Property tax query online interest column trying to pay via govt website: Received property tax bill today. Was about to pay online first timer. At payment noticed a slightly higher value. Checked the breakdown and found that theres a column for online interest amounting 313/ I mean when we have made internet handling charges illegal for services like BookMyShow and the likes why is govt charging such high rates for paying bill online Am I mistaken here If it were under 50/ Id have let it pass but 313/ is too much. Seems like some percentage of total payable amount. Am I better off paying by visiting local municipal office. Distant galaxies in 10 years with increased funding. Beware Aliens ISRO incoming.. A lot of Indian guys do not have a backbone.: I wouldnt take it as far as perpetuating western stereotypes of Indian men but too many give in to their parents demands when it comes to marriage specifically. My cousin brother 29 just broke up with his girlfriend of 3.5 yrs because his parents dont like their relationship as the girl is from different caste apparently lower caste. He just agreed to marry a woman his parents arranged for him. He knows that his parents are wrong and conservative freaks and it was his fault that they broke up. Yet he chooses not to stand up against his parents BS. He says he loves his parents and hes so confused. I tried not to criticize him as he was pretty depressed. Im pretty sure his story is not uncommon.. Ghorer Batti Kishore Palash New Bangla Song 2019 Official Music Video EXCLUSIVE . Zomato sacks 540 customer support staff.. Watch When Abdul Qadir asked Sachin Tendulkar to hit him for sixes. Mani Ratnam and AR Rahman to work with Vairamuthu who was named in MeToo. NEW SONGS 2019 Latest Bollywood Remix Songs 2019 New Hindi Remix Songs 2019 Indian Songs. Creamy Layer in SCs a Misnomer Even Statue Unveiled by Jagjivan Ram was Washed with Ganga Jal. What is a good place to buy ethnic fashion jewelry online: Not gold or any precious metal. Where do you normally buy If you dont where do your friends buy Looking for varieties that an ecom site can offer in the 5001500 range. Thanks.. Coldplay Paradise Official Video. More Than 200 Fighters Trying to Cross Into Kashmir From Pakistan India. Top 5 Monsoon Style Essentials You Need RN. 90s Hits Hindi Old Song NonStop Love Song Audio Jukebox Best Hindi Dj Remix. Absolutely breaks my heart that all of the reddit except r/space is degrading Indians so much on this i almost got teary eyed seeing so much hate everywhere. [OFFICIAL FORM FROM VKAAO] Want to watch Weathering With You in your city Fill this form up. Where do I go from here: Graduated in July 2019 in a nonIT stream. Placed in mass recruiter from a shitty engg college through just route learning.Have no skills apart from public speaking and writing. Do I go go for an mba considering that they require a bit of work ex and with all the talks of a recession looming on us in the near future I cant afford an MS and plus I feel the level of education and practical exposure that Ive been acquainted with here in India and there must be chalk and cheese. What do I fucking do The salary there in the job is peanuts and I feel I would have to take money from home to survive once I get into the job. My username checks out. AP woman 74 delivering twins via IVF ethically incorrect Doctors. Arijit Singh Pachtaoge Sad Love Story new Hindi song 2019 sad songs T Series new song. Messaging with redditor... Blocked [OC]: Tldr So i came in contact with a redditor.. Then we went on to chat on insta and then whatsapp However i am non existent on social media except redditfrequent and Twittersometimes .. I have insta accountdormant.. I dont post anywhere So this redditor found me fishy n suspicious that i m married thats why i m hiding my social accounts from that redditor.. I tied to convince that person that i m single n struggling to get a job.. But i got BLOCKED.. I always thought not being on social media is more beneficial.. Hardly i knew it was a necessity. [PSA]Facebook confirms millions of phone numbers leaked. When Climate Change Is Stranger Than Fiction. Hello I am giving away free copies of The Myth of Sisyphus by Albert Camus to everyone who has not read it yet:  A.R.K Acts of Random Kindness Giveaway [Part 7] The Myth of Sisyphus by Albert Camus On The The Myth of Sisyphus Although the book is only under 200 pages this can be a little heavy read for some. It talks about many things most importantly Absurdity Suicide and the meaning of life. These are big topics and the fact that Camus is the one who tackled them makes them much bigger You need to really focus while reading these philosophical essays and you need to be familiar with some existential and absurd philosophy to fully grasp the idea. Camus dissected Suicides existential implications and wired the myth of Sisyphuss into works of Kafka Goethe Kierkegaard and Nietzsche. Remember this is considered one of the most important works in Philosophy and in Existential Philosophy. Its a fascinating insight into a thought provoking question Albert Camus suggests that suicide amounts to a confession that life is not worth living. Camus tends to assume that in the absence of God there is no meaning of life at least no superimposed objective meaning of life. Thus for him the resulting absurdity is the starting point not the result of a deductive process. If life is truly meaningless the question is how to respond Do we revert to the meaning of life posited by religion and a supernatural being an irrational response Do we commit suicide in order to escape the absence of meaning the result of despair Or do we embrace the absurdity implicit in an absence of meaning without accepting it revolt For Camus we long for meaning. Yet we dont readily find it. Partly because it isnt there. The absurd is born of the confrontation between the human need and the unreasonable silence of the world. [I wrote a really little review here on GoodReads.]https//www.goodreads.com/review/show/1782299479bookshowactionfalseampfromreviewpage1 Also I found [this really interesting animated video]https//www.youtube.com/watchv35s43T5dJY about the book. [Another interesting video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvkoo7J39elE [An animated TED video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvq4pDUxth5fQ Quotes from the book gt The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a mans heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy. gt There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. All the rest whether or not the world has three dimensions whether the mind has nine or twelve categories comes afterwards. These are games one must first answer. gt In order to understand the world one has to turn away from it on occasion. If you are interested in reading this heres how you can get it I send the books through Gift Registries. This way you dont have to disclose your personal details and address to me. Gift registries are safe from privacy point of view. I wont be able to see any Addresses/Mobile or anything completely confidential. If you dont know how Gift Registries work dont worry heres how you can set it up in 5 minutes gt Log in to you Amazon.in account. gt Go to Your Account gt Your Addresses gt Click on Add Address gt Save your full address including your mobile number gt Save gt Click on Set as Default to make that address your default [This is important] gt Now Create a WishList it should be Public and not Shared. Remember to check the box that says Third Party Shipping Agreement when you make the list. gt Now search for the title of the book and add the book to the same Public WishList. gt And youre done After youre done with setting up your Gift Registry You first need to request for the book by commenting on this post so to get visibility and I can add you to my list from there. This way I get to manage list of requests in a sequence. Now you need to DM me your WishList link. Please dont copy the invite link you need to copy the WishList link from Send list to others button or directly from URL Ill try to fulfill every request made here. I wont send the book to users who created the account on same date because that is just abusing the system. The eBook version is also freely available [here]http//dl114.zlibcdn.com/download/book/3335695token79cfd7433f36f26bd9f63a0ffa8c6456 Thank you NOTE 0 Okay I am going out of my way to do this. I would really appreciate if you would like to contribute for this little initiative. I cannot do this all on my own and if you think this is a good enough cause and that it can make an impact you can come forward to help and be a part of this. Okay I am bad at asking for help but Ive never done anything like this before. Some people suggested me to open a donation box for this. I havent set up a proper channel for it but if youre interested in contributing thatd sponsor for some books you can still do that. Please contact me through DM. You can also donate through Amazon Gift Cards. I wont be able to see your name/email or any other details. I really appreciate this Email to send Amazon Gift Cards srksatyam [at] gmail.com [My PayPal link] http//paypal.me/iamSatyajeet For any other modes of donation please DM. [Your identity will not be disclosed with anyone] NOTE 1 I am very active on [GoodReads]https//www.goodreads.com/SatyajeetVishwakarma where I post reviews and rate books. You can check there for recommendations and also connect with me NOTE 2 Its not really important but some people asked me for this so here is my [WishList]http//amzn.in/eWPNBzZ and this is my [Books WishList]http//amzn.in/erdZILL . Importing sealed laptop to India: Can I carry with me only one laptop in total which is sealed in its original packaging and not attract customs duty. OLD HINDI SAD SONGS 70s 80s 90s evergreen 2019. Watch PM Modi hugged and consoled ISRO Chief K. Sivan after he broke down. Adviser of Chandrayaan 2 Mission family excluded from NRC. Chandrayaan2 What Dr Abdul Kalam said on failure after ISROs SLV3 mission crashed. An Uber driver gave me one star because we were discussing politics and were talking about Modis failures: This is crazy right but I was booking an Uber today and noticed that my rating had dropped from 5 star to 4.4 star which was surprising. I am always a very courteous person and I dont remember anything happening. My last ride was a routine 15 minute ride from office to home me and my friend actually waited on the road for the uber driver while we could see him down the road buying gutka. Then nothing happened we got in 13 minutes later he dropped us off I thank him and get off. The only thing that happened was that me and my friend were talking about the recent slowdown and how little Modis policies have done to help the situation. The whole time I noticed the drive giving us weird looks in the back mirror but I didnt really think about it much you know. I dont know why this has pissed me off so much but it has. Uber support is so bad that I cannot even send them a message to clarify what happened. Fact is people like him is why Modi won in a landslide and even when he is failing spectacularly no one can speak negatively about him. Im disgusted and absolutely livid.. Indias PM proud despite Moon landing setback. Am I being irrational to have decided to never buy clothes from online stores: I always had bad experiences buying online Amazon Flipkart Myntra younameit... The clothes are either old or damaged or bad stock sometimes even blatant duplicates. When I buy from store I get to feel the cloth and try it out. I makes me comfortable that I am buying a product that I like. The whole buy it try it and return made me sick of online stores as far as clothes are concerned. Even though I am not spending a penny its a waste of packing material and human energy delivery boys Please let me know your thoughts.. Explained ISROs Vikram Lander is lost but this hardly matters. Heres why. Minister of science amp technology. [In Dhonis voice] Pata h hum kaha hare. Trending topics on Indian Twitter over Chandrayaan mission.. 001 Swaminarayan philosophy vaidik Samuhgaan siddhant gaan. She was just trying to help him /. SC gives ultimatum to demolish Kochi apartments 400 residents must move out in 2 weeks. India Loses Contact With Spacecraft on Mission to the Moon. TIL ISRO chief K. Sivan is the son of a farmer and the first graduate from his family a literal son of the soil and Indian success story. Indias Chandrayaan2 lander likely crashed into the moons surface. Anime Discussion Thread: Discuss about anime and manga you have been watching/reading this week. Tell us how much did you like it. small plugin. we have a sub for weebs. r/HindustaniWeeb.. We learned from todays Chandrayaan2 rover landing...: that ISRO still uses Windows Vista They also use Windows 10 and Fedora.. Like Modi or not not the biggest fan myself quite touching. nEw hInDi sAd sOnGs 2019 MaRcH Heart Touching Sad Songs 2019 New Bollywood Sad Songs Indian Song. Class 10 student asks Modi the hard questions. Gay sex in India legal but still unaccepted. Guy pops 100 joints. 3 Khesari Lal Yadav New Bhojpuri Bolbam Song 2019 Modi Ji Jal Dhare . Funerals are weird and most of them straight up abusive: My nani passed away on monday I immediately went back home to support my mom and her family but it turns out everytime i see the proceedings after someone dies it makes me more and more disgusted. Fake crying foolish customs that make no sense women huddled up sipping on tea gossiping and chatting/joking suddenly they see someone walked in the door and they cry like they care the most. I was close to my nani and I cant take this disrespect. Its the 6th day everyone apart from my Mom her brother and Nana doesnt even care anymore they just keep joking and fucking around then distant relatives come and abuse my Nana for more money and stupid things he must do like organize food and shit for 200 people give away gifts like glasses/jugs to all relatives.. what the fuck man. This is from Rajasthan if someone is wondering. Is there nothing I can do to stop this bullshit. Top Court Orders Demolition Of Posh Kerala Flats Over Coastal Zone Rules.. [BBC News Hindi ] bbc being bbc. Watch PM Modi consoles K Sivan as ISRO chief breaks down. Telangana CM KCR gets his images carved on pillars of Yadadri Temple sparks controversy. The 1000year old temple at Yadagirigutta is being given a complete makeover on the lines of Tirumala the richest temple of the country which had gone to Andhra Pradesh after bifurcation.. Vigil Held for 34 Killed in California Dive Boat Fire. What is your most rewatchable movie: Regional movies are welcome too. My list English The Avengers franchise Civil war the most Notting hill Logan Telugu Nuvvu Naku Nachav Leader Khushi Jalsa Malayalam Bangalore days Premam Tamil Sethupathi Petta Vikram Vedha. Random Daily Discussion Thread September 07 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Top 20 Romantic Hindi Songs 2019New Bollywood Songs 2019 SeptemberNew Indian Song 2019 September. PM Narendra Modi hugged and consoled ISRO Chief K Sivan after heSivan broke down.. PM Narendra Modi hugged and consoled ISRO Chief K Sivan after heSivan broke down.. Dr. Sivan should have addressed the press conference: What bothers me is not that we lost contact with the lander but the fact that ISRO chairman didnt come up for the conference. It would have continued the high standards of leadership established by the previous chairmen. For reference https//youtu.be/rM65HvrxvQ. [OC] gotta spread propaganda together with the dharma warrior. PM fulfils promise 8 crore poor families get LPG before deadline. Finance Ministry tells auto makers if you want GST rate cut bring states on board. Pagli Re F A Sumon Bangla New Song 2019 F A Sumon New Bangla music video 2017 KB Multimedia. Purulia Bojpuri Vs Hindi Panjabi Dj Gaan DJ Music Dance program. HEART TOUCHING HINDI SONGS 2019 Latest Bollywood Broken Hindi Songs Collection romantic indiAN. Truth of video trolling of Ravish Kumar on Social media. California Boat Fire Victims Likely Died of Smoke Inhalation. She was just trying to help this guy /. Isro loses contact with Chandrayaan2 lander Full statement of space agency. Chandrayaan 2 Thoughts on what happened up there: I watched the live updates and was heartbroken when it lost signal. How is everyone else feeling about this loss. Kid asks reservation question to Modi during Chandrayaan 2 telecast. Bangla Dj Gan Bangla dj Song 2019 Bangla dj gan Hindi Dj Gan Bangla dj gan 2019 dj gan. Chandrayan 2: ISRO lost the communication with the Vikram lander has been lost as confirmed by ISRO chairman. But dont lose hope its an automatic landerwe have just lost the communication. Hope for best.. India Loses Communication With Its Unmanned Moon Lander. ISRO loses contact with lander . ISRO Chandrayaan 2.1: The data is still not out. But as we know that we were just 2.1kms away from the lunar surface when we lost the connection. While if the mission doesnt go as planned ISRO should name the next mission Chandrayaan 2.1.. telugu whatsapp status songs telugu whatsapp status video telugu whatsapp status videos new 2019. Does anybody know a site that sells Kindle covers like this one in India It doesnt have to be The Great Gatsby.. NYC Cricket Team Grapples With Escalating Tension in Kashmir. Press F in honor of Chandrayaan 2: We did alright folks Even though it crashed it was a surreally good attempt. Chandrayaan 3 will probably do it right hopefully.. Is Pyar Se Meri Taraf Na Dekho Kumar Sanu Alka Yagnik Chamatkar Shah Rukh Khan. Indias Moon Mission Chandrayaan 2 Landing. LIVE.. Watch Live Indias Chandrayaan2 Attempts Moon Landing. [OC] Its 7th September Govt. prepared big for todays Mega publicity blitz .. AAJ TAK reporters have reached the moon before chandrayaan2.. Adviser of Chandrayaan II Mission family excluded from NRC. Best English songs Mashup 2018 Latest English Mashup Song Justin Bieber Mashup 2018. 12th half yearly tomorrow not prepared at all. Is it worth giving the exam: I have an accounts half yearly tomorrow doesnt count towards your final 12th result and I have prepared nothing. I have been unable to focus since the past 2 weeks followed with sleep deprivation weakness and lack of focus. I only have 7 hours more and entire book to be done TS Grewal Company accounts. I dont want to fail its gonna crush me. I dont want to develop a fear of accounts because of this failure. I have been performing poorly since the beginning of 12th in accounts and I had told myself Id do great this time but I dont think I can do it now. I seriously cant boost my confidence anymore. Any help is appreciated... NOT REAL NEWS A Look at What Didnt Happen This Week. Pakistan pakistan and pakistan. Isnt there anything else to occupy our minds: Disclaimer I was an ardent supporter of BJP and in no way I intend to support Pakistan or terrorism or anything else. If you tune in to any news channel I bet at least 23 channels will be surely discussing about Pakistan and how they are nothing when compared to us. Memes mocking Imran Khan have flooded the internet. Even my parents and my brother daily discuss for 12 hours how India is planning to fight Pakistan. Few days ago I was travelling by bus and there was this young man who had an accurate count of number of submarines and tanks and other warheads possessed by Pakistan and India each. He went on ranting about Indias strength for 1 hour straight. My question is are we out of our minds Why the hell are we so insistent on wiping put and destroying pakistan Isnt there anything else to think and discuss And please dont tell me about Imran Khan jokes and memes. They are cringeworthy. If mocking an underdeveloped and struggling country is acche din then well acche din have arrived. Indias Sons Tale of False Rape Case Survivors First Trailer 2020 Release on YouTube. 80000 BSNL Employees Will Be Asked To Resign Employees Protest As August Salary Not Credited. Uber Eats Glitch got out of hand.: Half an hour ago there was a Glitch in the uber eats and paytm app which allowed users to Order on uber eats and pat using paytm even with 0 balance in the account.. Busting myths of Kashmir by our own DD News. DJ Remix 2019 Old Hindi dj song 90s Hindi Dj Remix songHindi Best Old Love Songs Nonstop DJ. Chandrayaan 2 Moments before landing: Hey guys Chandrayaan 2 is just 2 hours short of Landing Catch the LIVE footage on NationalGeographic Timeline 22 July 2019 GSLV MKIII M3 carries the History Maker Chandrayaan 2. 14 August 2019 TRANS LUNAR INSERTION 4 September 2019 Lunar Lander Separation 6 September 2019 Preparation for Soft Landing on S.Pole Where will you be when India makes History IndiaMakesHistory Chandrayaan2 FirstAttemptLanding. Kerala known for not following our orders SC pulls up Pinarayi govt over Kochi CRZ demolition. [Ask India] How important exactly is the basic pay component of the salary structure: I have two great job offers in hand. One is offering me a great designation but absolutely minimal basic pay. The others offer is not that great TBH but the basic pay is quite high. My dad and other people from his generation are adamant that a higher basic pay in a new job is important. Im confused. Please help me figure this out. Feel free to DM me in case you need more info to help me out.. Popular Ghazals Collection Vol. 1 Old Hindi Songs Audio Jukebox. Guess everyones riding the wave.. Alka Lamba does a ghar wapsi becomes first AAP leader in Delhi to join Congress. Met an Indian guy on tinder... interracial dating: And he seems fine.. the only thing is Im a black woman and hes mentioned where he lives in the USA there arent any where he lives. Should I be concerned about anything Do Indians hold any prejudices against people of my race I dont want to be someones freak fetish. He mentioned his family is from the capital and its very progressive and western over there.. what do you guys think Please be honest. Editor of Indias Longest Running Defence Magazine Force Analyzes Pakistans Military Capabilities. Khub Adore by F A Sumon New Bangla Song 2019 Official Music Video EXCLUSIVE . Calculate the amount of challan if one guy has insurance pollution but no drivers license and RC. Other guy doesnt have anything documents.. Aye Mere Watan Logo Song New song on Independence Day by Ranu Didi Ranu Mandal The Purulia Guy. Ive realised Im alone: Im an only child. My extended family is huge. After some bitter episodes I had learned that seldom are friendships true. More often than not theyre merely alliances. But I firmly believed that my family would support me through thick and thin. Without delving into details Ill state that I reached a low point in life. Like most others I sought relief suport from my parents cousinsetc. And hardly anyone is willing to give me a patient hearing let alone help me. Quite the contrary happened. A cousin I considered close harbours resentment towards me. Aunts I adored hold me responsible for a lot of fissures in the family. Before my fall we seemed extremely close. I couldnt have ever imagined Id face such a day.. 2500 BC Rakhigarhi skeletons have no traces of Aryan gene finds DNA study. Latest Tamil Love Album song Marina Music N VETRISELVAN. The Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations in my apartment complex went off to a whole different tangent today.: My building people were celebrating the day by hiring bhajan singers and filling up the party hall with people singing the said bhajans. The usual stuff that happens every year. These things are extremely loud and you can hear everything extremely clearly. What took a different turn today was towards the end the bhajan troupe started saying I am paraphrasing this Lets end the day by praising our great country. The crowd filled with uncles and aunties and kids goes wild. Say it with me Bharat mata ki Jai The crowd repeats. This is when I was confused as what does nationalism have to do with Ganesh Chathurti. It didnt stop there the next thing they said was this is verbatim We will not give up Kashmir. The crowd goes wild. We will destroy Pakistan The crowd starts to orgasm. We will ask lord Ganesha to destroy Pakistan. The crowd gave cheers equivalent to an Iron Maiden concert and started chanting Bharat Mata ki Jai over and over and broke into song and dance. What the fuck. This was attended by impressionable children. Fuck our society.. Chandrayaan 2 discussion of Republic TV. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Top Bollywood New Songs 2019 Romantic Hindi Songs Indian New Songs. Modernday Indians descended from the Ancient Indus civilisation. Slowdown blues New solar power installations decline 35 in the first half of 2019. Chandrayaan2 How to Follow Indias Moon Landing. [Rant] Airtel shenanigans. Biweekly career and hiring thread 06/09/2019: Every alternate Friday at 8.30pm I will post this career and hiring thread. [previous ones]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqflair3Ascheduledtitle3Ahiringampsortnewamprestrictsronamptall If you need any suggestions/help regarding your career ask here. If your company is hiring or if you are looking for a job then post here. [Career Development Handbook]https//gecd.mit.edu/sites/default/files/about/files/careerhandbook.pdf If You or YOUR COMPANY is HIRING 1. Name of the company 2. Location 3. Requirements 4. Preferred way of contacting you if you are looking to get hired 1. Your skillset/experience 2. Portfolio if any/applicable 3. Location 4. Preferred way of contacting you Please do not mention your emails. Do follow up here with your experience. Did you get a job or hire someone successfully via these threads Your feedback helps. Weekly Coders Hackers amp All Tech related thread 06/09/2019: [Last weeks issue 30/08/2019]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/cxi43z [All Threads]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqWeeklyCoders2CHackers26AllTechrelatedthreadauthor3Aavinasshampamprestrictsronampampsortnewampamptall Every week on Friday I will post this thread. Feel free to discuss anything related to hacking coding startups etc. Share your github project show off your DIY project etc. So post anything that interests to hackers and tinkerers. Let me know if you have some suggestions or anything you want to add to OP. The thread will be posted on every Friday 8.30PM.. You have seen JD Baccardi Smirnoff. Now we introduce WiFi WTF. West Bengal Assembly rules out NRC House passes a resolution opposing NRC in Assam. 90s Hits Old Hindi Song Dj Remix Nonstop Bollywood Love Dj Song Old Is Gold. Good News For HAL : HAL to receive Rs 45000 crore orders for 83 LCA fighters In a major boost for the indigenous defence manufacturing capability the Indian Air Force IAF is expected to place orders worth around Rs 45000 crore with the Hindustan Aeronautics Limited HAL to acquire 83 Light Combat Aircraft LCA Tejas fighters. Source Economic Times. Pakistani DJ gan. Hindi DJ gaan . What do you wish was taught in schools and wasnt: I was taking to some of my students and I realised that they not know basic things about adulting and no one has taught them. There are several things which are taboo in our society and no one talks about them. That is why so few people know anything about basic things like financial planning mental health self improvement and so on. Im thinking of starting a Blog detailing these out so that young adults can learn these things without going through the pains that I did. What else should I talk about. Most difficult situation anyone ever survived: Friend 1 I survived stage two bone marrow cancer. Friend 2 truck ran over both my legs I live w/o my legs now. Me voh kal Bina license aur helmet ke Pura Andheri round trip Ker aya Hu Friend 1 damnnnn Friend 2 damnnnn My area 51 girlfriend damnnnnn My FBI agent damnnnnn The gossip aunty damnnn God arre paapi. Business Owners of India how do you Market your business: Hey Folks So this is quite an interesting topic that Ive been speaking to a lot of Indian Business Owners about. Obviously I understand it differs from industry and mode of operation but Im curious as to what the basic mode of marketing adopted by Indian businesses. Considering how online sales account for only 35 of the total sales in the country and Internet penetration isnt that high yet I believe India markets slightly differently than the rest of the world. Whats your best marketing hack for your business Do you rely on offline or online channels How important is word of mouth for your business With increasing compeition and an economy thats slowing down do you feel you will need to market differently in the near future. The Week in Tech YouTube Fined 170 Million Over Child Privacy Violations. Former secretary of Ambedkar Periyar Study Circle denied admission at University of Madras. NonApproved Private Companys Engineers Handled EVMs In Elections. Has anybody here used services like BookMyBai Portea etc. to find a full time nanny for their baby: I want to know how trained are nannies and nurses hired over these platforms compared to those you find through word of mouth. Love to hear from experiences.. BP Aims to Sell More U.S. Crude to Asia Boost LNG Supplies in Early 2020s. Ghungroo Song War Hrithik Roshan Vaani Kapoor Vishal and Shekhar ft Arijit Singh Shilpa Rao. Karnataka IAS Officer Quits Says Democracy Being Compromised. Ravish Kumar on GDP Rate 2013 False propoganda on Social Media. Chandrayaan Moon Landing: ISROs Chandrayaan 2 mission is a significant technological event that has kept space watchers in India and across the world riveted. The mission to land an Indian lander and rover on the moons surface was launched on 22nd July 2019. Chandrayaan carries two modules designed to work independently Vikram the lander and Pragyan the lunar rover. The landing module comprising the lander and rover has separated from the orbiter and will begin its descent on to lunar terrain shortly post midnight. ISRO on YouTube Channel https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCw5hEVOTfzAfzsNFWyNlNg Vikram https//www.youtube.com/watchvqcAScK5lddwampfeatureyoutu.be Vikram Chandrayaan 2s Lander and the different stages of its journey to the Moons south polar region Live Blogs TOI https//www.firstpost.com/tech/science/chandrayaan2landingdateandtimewheretowatchisrosmoonmissionmakehistoryforindia7294151.html Firstpost https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/chandrayaan2landingliveupdatesisromoonmissiontolandonlunarsurface/liveblog/71006122.cms TIE https//indianexpress.com/article/technology/technewstechnology/chandrayaan2moonlandingliveupdatesisrovikramlandpragyanrover5971721/ TV/ Streaming NatGeo/ Hotstar Live streaming from 11.30PM. Acting East Indian defence cooperation in Asia ORF. Sorry Justin Bieber / Mina Myoung Choreography. How do you decide between getting an arranged marriage and finding your own guy at a later stage This also includes potentially being single for a very long time: So I was born in India but my family moved to South Africa when I was quite young. Ive always struggled balancing values my family has taught me and the mindset the western culture brings with it. Relationships scare the hell out of me. I can somehow only picture a marriage as a business transaction where you pretty much live like roommates. Is that enough Should I rather just wait I was also recently rejected twice by the same guy and am not quite over him. This maybe the rejection talking but an arranged marriage doesnt sound like the worst idea. I can handle the family pressure Im not worried about that. Im worried about screwing up big time in the future and not having a safety net to fall back on. What do you guys think. Today on ganpatis pandal people were playing a song which said topi wala bhi sar jhuka ke jai shri ram bolega and some Muslims live in our neighborhood too: People were playing loudspeakers and the sound was minimum 30 decibel thrice the legal limit but the police did nothing even after listening to the lyrics of the song. Romila Thapar Declines to Send her CV to JNU. Another IAS officer quits says democracy is being compromised in unprecedented manner. Reuters AP and NDTV Correspondents Asked to Vacate Govt Bungalows in Srinagar. Do we have any agency in India comparable to the CIA: Of course the more developed the country is the more sophisticated its intelligence networks and research is. But do we have anything barely comparable to CIA. I finally convinced him. That awesome moment when you understand the essense of life: A little long story. I am going through a lot. Wanted to come here and rant but when i see good post i just think maybe post it next day. So I first saw this boy around 8 years old at a bus stand and there was something in him which i cant shake off. The way he stands the way he looks. Dressed poorly didnt eat for a long time selling fruits/flowers roadside from morning to night. I wanted to talk to him but he didnt first few days. I used to buy things from him just because i wanted to help him. Finally couple of weeks later he started talking and i cried that whole day. His parent died when he was too young to talk. Was living with some relatives who were real bad with him. He used to do all home chores but when he said he want to go to school they took him to another cities bus stand and left. Its been 6 months Ive been helping him in all the possible ways with study material food and neccesory cloths. He dont want to go to any anathalay as well. There is a couple in mid 50s I know very well and when i talked about him they said they are willing to adapt him but this boy dont want to become any ones responsibility. Finally he agreed on one condition that i visit him every week and the couple do not have to worry about this expenses. I know this couple from some time and i know he will get the best care. All my rants about life just vanished. Problems are still there. I earn very less but will continue to provide him monetary and other necessities every month. It gives a great feeling which you just can not describe in words. Have a blessed day all Sorry for any typos error. TLDR Sorry cant write in few words.. Chandrayaan 2s Moon Landing Tonight PM To Watch Live With Children NDTV. Wait What A Delhi Restaurant Has Introduced an Article 370 Thali for JampK Residents. Right to Bear Arms Kodavas amp the Case Threatening Their Culture The Quint. Free Ride On Delhi Metro A Problem Says Supreme Court. Please help regarding sports channels.: I have SONY ESPN Star sports 1amp2. What programmes do they show on HDSix Ten 12 etc Like Soccer Basketball. PSA IT Return SMS with link to fraud and phishing sites: LTDR friend got fraud SMS for IT return help others to avoid falling pray My friend got this SMS Important alert Dear ........... the IncometaxDepartment requires you to click the link below to submit a formal request for the payment of your unclaimed and overdue taxrefund of 19250INR. http//151.80.90.62/ITRefund First red flag site is not secured Second red flag refund if due does not require submitting request. Audience on this site is smart enough to figure out fraud SMS/link. However a lot of people around us are not well versed with technology and they can easily get fooled by this and end up losing money. My request to anyone reading this please educate people around you and circulate this message on social media. Your small step might help someone avoid falling pray. Details http//151.80.90.62/ITRefund http//geoiplookup.net/ip/151.80.90.62 IP General Information IP Address151.80.90.62 Hostname151.80.90.62 ISPOVH Hosting IP Geolocation Information ContinentEurope EU CountryPortugal PT PT CityTime ZoneEurope/Lisbon http//212.85.105.120/1636938666/owv2s.phpRefundStatusAPPROVEDampidYWJjQDEyMy5jb203D copy of official site look selecting bank takes to bank site with user/pass login option https//imgur.com/a/MzhcWmy http//geoiplookup.net/ip/212.85.105.255 IP General Information IP Address212.85.105.255 Hostname212.85.105.255 ISPhome.pl S.A. IP Geolocation Information ContinentEurope EU CountryPoland PL PL Time ZoneEurope/Warsaw. No sedition in JNU case says Delhi govt set to reject sanction request India News The Indian Express. Xiaomi has shipped 100 million smartphones in India. Lizard found in IIT Kgp mess. Nothing to say here... FIR against 23 Muslims for serving nonveg biryani to Hindus at Mahoba Urs. History the NationState and SelfLiberation A Gandhian Reading of Kashmir. How a govt body plans to produce highly intellectual children with help of cows. Now this is a better Whatsapp forward than that UnEscO declArEs iNdiAs NaTiOnAl AnTheM beSt bullsht. A Discussion About Artificial Intelligence Closer to Them. Pakistan Vows Fullest Possible Response to India Over Kashmir. Ashok Leyland announces 5 nonworking days at Chennai plant amid auto sector slowdown. Full Text Of Ravish Kumars Speech At Magsaysay Awards Lecture Series. Coach Stimac Rues Indias OneMan Attack After Oman Agony. My maid whose parents were affected by the Bihar Floods revealed something: So her parents were caught neckdeep in the flood I knew this back when it happened and their mud house was in tatters. All the grain and pulses that they had stored which was also their only source of income for the year was washed away. These people pretty much lived handtomouth and while they survived the flood they had nothing left and my maid had to send money to them. The CMs Relief Fund was supposed to relieve the miseries of those who lost their homes and livelihood. My maid said those who suffered the death of breadwinners in the family were supposed to get 1 lakh as compensation and those who suffered other losses were to get 6000/ per head but only if they had their Aadhar Card. As her parents had not lost their lives they were not entitled to the higher sum but having Aadhar Cards they should get 12000/ is what she told me back then. As it turns out today she tells me after conversing with them this morning only the sarpanch/pramukh zamindar and other puccaghar influentials of her village have received full compensation few weeks back. My parents and other old couples living by themselves have received nothing. But they are Aadhared for life I thought to myself and then she goes on if my parents still had a son she lost her brothers four years back they would have at least received some hushmoney from the influentials as their neighbors did. With no one to retaliate from her family they feel no obligation to pay. This is how it is in the village. the village heads control everything. Why am I not surprised It doesnt matter what law the government enforces it doesnt matter what rhetorics our politicians babble from their high castles in this country on the groundlevel only the middlemen rule on a daytoday basis and there is no accountability of these government representatives who actually deal with the ordinary citizens directly. Be it a cop or the bloke behind a counter. I am sure the person who passed the buck to the village headman also took a nice cut. Clean chits for everyone in the chain all the way from peon to the CM. Seriously such vermin need to fuck off. Indian auto industry growth story about to collapse Tata Motors MD. Metro work damages Kolkata buildings minister among hundreds evacuated. Allegations Not Of Grave Magnitude Said Judge On AircelMaxis Case.  HEART TOUCHING ROMANTIC HINDI HEART SONGS Sweet Hindi Songs 2019 New Bollywood Song 2019. What can be done to improve the Indian education system: What can we do to improve our education system For eg Around 8095 engineering graduates in india are unemployable many engineering grads in india lack technical skills. There are many threads on reddit and quora where people often complain about the lowquality and lack of skills of Indian tech workers. I think this is harming the image of indians around the world and also slowing the development of india and technological innovations in our country. So what can be about this How can we boost scientifc temper technical skills critical thinking skills in india It seems like our education system is to be blamed. This system of rote learning and mugging up ncert questions to get good marks is bad something which needs to be stopped. But what can we do How can we transform our education system Its very important for the future of our country. Without having a good education system which imparts scientifc temper technical skills critical thinking skills India will continue to remain backwards and not progress.. How many days it takes Bluedart to deliver VISA to Nagpur from Chennai: I got my VISA approved on 3rd September. Ceac website shows issued And cgifederal website shows passport has been received from counselor section and is currently being processed for delivery I need VISA before Monday . I tried contacting Bluedart but there line is busy . Is there any way I can receive VISA before Monday. Its US J1 Visa.. Best of Kishore Kumar Bangla Songs. Alka Lamba Quits AAP In Tweets With Parting Shot At Arvind Kejriwal. An Indian Won An International Cosplay Competition: [removed]. With the countdown to tomorrows Moon landing of Chandrayaan2 rover here is to the people at ISRO...: With the countdown to tomorrows Moon landing of Chandrayaan2 rover here is to the people at ISRO...[Go]https//www.youtube.com/watchvDPa4Szj2io. US offered millions to Iranian tanker captain. Challaned for drunk driving Delhi man sets motorcycle on fire. First year anniversary of IPC 377 being read down: Its been a year since that happened. Life hasnt changed much for me personally. Im sure young queer kids will find it better. But I hope things improve in the future personality.. People Thermosteel Water Flask Bottle Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. All fines on various traffic violations under New Law: [removed]. Noida family gets threat for letting girl ride Royal Enfield two booked.  s Jila Aajamgad Ha Ratiya Kaha Bitawal Na Bhojpuri Hit Songs 2017 HD. Andhra woman sets world record by delivering twins at 74. The woman conceived the twins via IVF as she was childless even after 57 years of marriage.. Cognizant layoffs Cognizant CEO plans surgical strike with job cuts by October. People of Hyderabad Im moving to the city in 15 days. I have some questions about the city if anyone can help out.: 1. I need accommodation I cant stay in shared accommodation Id prefer a studio apartment but I am not able to find them on any of the property websites. Are there good furnished studio apartments near hitec city 2. What is the travel scene like How much traffic can be expected on the roads compared to Delhi/Mumbai. 3. What else is a good form/place for accommodation if Id like to stay alone and not on a sharing basis. Delhi Govt Not to Give Police Sanction to Prosecute Kanhaiya Kumar Others for Sedition. Course for brides in Hyderabad which teaches how to live successful married life. Ranu Mondal Lata mangeshkar song viral After ranu mondal song// lata mangeshkar full song. Atheists have right to their opinion Madras High Court Verdict. Battling slowdown Ashok Leyland declares 5day holiday for Ennore plant. Has anyone bought a used laptop online: Im thinking of buying a cheap old thinkpad to keep as a backup/programming device. I want to know if anyones bought from the online sellers Hows been your experience Also looking for recommendations for trusted sites. From what Ive searched buying from Amazon will depend on luck and business laptops on Olx are most likely junk or scams.. Four months after Oraon man is lynched in Jharkhand bafflement at how neighbours could be so brutal. Life advice in BMTC Bus. AP Photos Editor Selections From the Past Week in Asia. 90s Hindi DJ Nonstop Songs Old Hindi DJ Nonstop Hits Old Songs Hindi Party Remix. Zakir Hussain and Dave Holland Crosscurrents JAZZ NIGHT IN AMERICA. Rare Ancient DNA Provides Window Into a 5000YearOld South Asian Civilization. Virat Kohli Shirtless Picture Invites Traffic Challan Tweets. Fundraiser for a friends father: Obligatory throwaway account. Hello r/india. My friends father is suffering from stage 4 cancer and he has set a fundraiser up to help with the bills which are significant. I am of course donating a good portion of my own salary as I get it but I also want to call upon the good souls here to help as much as possible. Every contribution counts. Here is the link [https//milaap.org/fundraisers/supportsumantamukherjee]https//milaap.org/fundraisers/supportsumantamukherjee The friend is quite close to me and would definitely appreciate all your help. Can answer any question that follows. Mods I dont believe this violates rule 4 but please let me know if it does and Ill take it down. mercedes benz c class review. Anumati Dere New Brand Odia Romantic Video Song Debesh Pati amp Dipti Rekha. Creating Changemakers On and Off Campus with Georgetown University. Bulleya Full Song Ae Dil Hai Mushkil Ranbir Aishwarya. Indian auto industry growth story about to collapse Tata Motors MD. Dirty air from IndoGangetic plains central India messing up neighbourhood ozone. Ishtiaq Premi song gana naya new Laya Bhojpuri gana. Armaan Malik vs Shreya Ghoshal Best Songs Hindi Songs Jukebox // New Bollywood Songs 2019. Gauri Lankesh family seeks fasttrack trial The Hindu. The Work Diary of Parisa Tabriz Googles Security Princess. Is it me or NDTV is having broadcasting errors/glitches at certain time and programs: I fear if it is Punya Prasun Bajpai all over again..  Super Romantic Songs Alka Yagnik Udit NarayanHindi Old is Gold Songs. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Most Indian viewers consume online content during office hours.. Chandrayaan2 Landing in less than 30 hrs from now. The Myth of ValueNeutral Teaching. Ranu Mondal Record Aashiqui Mein Teri With Himesh Ranu Mondal Viral . India is playing Oman in the Football World Cup qialifiers right now.: They are leading 10 Please if u can go watch on hotstar or wherever else it might be telecasting right now.. Evolet Launches Electric TwoWheelers In India Prices Start At Rs. 39499 NDTV CarAndBike. Indian Food SOUR RED ANTS Zaling Kathur Kahang Manipur Northeast India. Cheapest JioFiber annual subscription to get free TV is of 31176. Reliance Jio Fiber broadband plans announced Check tariffs speed offers. I am only worried about economy says Chidambaram as court sends him to jail in INX Media case. Jio giga fiber plans total disappointment even BSNL is better. Jio giga fiber plans total disappointment even BSNL is better. Buy Jacqueline Red Designer Turban Headband for Sale online India. BJP MP says PLA built bridge in Arunachal Army denies. Masturbation notice.. Hello Readers can you tell me the difference between these Does both include all the volumes First time reader here.. The Night I Nearly Killed My Patient A doctor recalls his days as a junior in hospital. Wanted to share my recent painting with you guys. The Golden temple oil on canvas 30x40. Difficult RoomMate Experience: What has been your difficult roommate experience Personality or Habit or any other reason for that.... and how did you overcome that..... Jio fiber tarrifs. Ganpati bappa whatsapp status Devancha dev marathi song status 2 September bappa coming soon... India Says Landline Phone Service Fully Restored in Kashmir. Karnataka Excise Department examining proposal on delivery of liquor at the doorstep. What should I do to not get depressed from the toxic political news: TV debates social media feeds and YouTube comment sections are filled with this vile political rhetoric. They end up making me upset and depressed about the political landscape of this country. Maybe Im just another liberal snowflake but following the news is getting too hard for me. I lose it especially when people start justifying human rights abuse or lynchings. And these hate comments about Mahatma Gandhi have gone up lately on Twitter and Instagram. Should I just stop consuming political news and videos all together Cant see any other way to escape this noise. How do you guys manage to not get politically depressed. Human Rights Commission of Rajasthan issues order stating it is imperative to stop the practice of livein relationships and it is the responsibility of the state and Central government to prohibit it.. Mob attacks on rumoured child lifters are back with a vengeance. What will it take to end them. Rape case filed against Goa Swimming Association coach for molesting 15yearold trainee. India extends 1 billion line of credit for development of Russias Far East. Modi Russia visit India extends 1 billion line of credit for development of Russias Far East. Russias PutinNeed Wider G7Style Group With China India Turkey. Union Minister Anurag Thakur Attacks Manmohan Singh P Chidambaram Over Economy. Touch English Songs I Love Tet Holiday. MOST HINDI SONGS 2019 \ Best of Romantic Indian Songs 2019 NEW BOLLYWOOD SONGS Hindi Love Songs. Ye jo hai jindagi [All episodes]. The Family Man Trailer Manoj Bajpayee Upcoming Spy Thriller Amazon Prime. GST shortfall may turn into next worry for the Centre. Indian economy suffers car crash pain hits villages. Subramanian Swamy slams govt again Bold reforms must for 10 GDP growth or say goodbye to jobs. Drunk Waiter Mistaken as ChildLifter Thrashed by Crowd in Punjab. Mentally challenged boy thrashed twice by mob in three days on suspicion of child lifting. [PSA] With Jio fibre being launched BSNL is also expanding its FTTH and its available in rural areas too speed test result included: Those who dont want jio or want to support BSNL or jio is not available in your area BSNL is a good option Here is the registration page https//selfcare.bsnl.co.in/tungsten/UI/facelets/udaanRegistrationPageBeforeLogin.xhtml Speeds are here https//i.imgur.com/fFMFO0h.png My area was not available for Jio and also i didnt want to give my money to reliance hence chose BSNL which was readily available in my town panchayat.. After mob attacks in Uttar Pradesh a deafmute pregnant woman beaten up in Delhi over childtheft rumours. Need to close down my dads shop dont know what to do with the stuffs there: We own a telebrands/home shopping store. Due to some financial reason we have decided to close down the shop. The problem is I have no idea about what to do with the items we have right now .. Things like treadmill compact gym vaccum cleaners drillers paint spray basically all the thing you see in those adverts.. Need some suggestions to how sell the remaining things quick.. The company telebrands has said they will take it back but will only refund 20 of the amount paid per item.. Buy Rachel Black Knotted Headbands for Girls and Adults. Watch India Builds Largest Detention Centre For Those Excluded from NRC The Quint on YouTube. PM Announces 1 Billion Line Of Credit For Russia Far Easts Development. Flight booking API Flight booking API Integration Air India Flight Booking http//bit.ly/2QKkTiO apiintegration flightapi flightbooking airindia api india tourist onlocation search web online. love failure songs in whatsapp status in telugu lovefailuresongs. Hits Of Amit Kumar JUKEBOX HD Evergreen Old Hindi Songs Old Romantic Songs. Public Transporters after new Traffic rules..  Kanmaniye Pesu Mounam Enna Hd Video songs Tamil Film Songs. I need help finding a song: I dont remember any lyrics but its a punjabi song and i know that it starts with some kids playing cricket and the ball goes into someones house and one kid is sent to get it back and suddenly a girl comes out of the house to give the ball back and from then the kid always purposely went to get the ball himself and then they grow up and the boy and a girl go for a ride on a bike plz help me finding the song. Application of Mode using R and Python. [NP]What are the key reasons behind Indias rising electronic exports. Hard Right Political Divide Deepens in Thailand. Does anyone know of discount codes for Dominos: Earlier lot of 11 or 2030 discount offers used to be there...but now unable to find any discounts apart from payment app offers.. m ordering Dominos after long. ISHARE TERE Song Guru Randhawa Dhvani Bhanushali DirectorGifty Bhushan Kumar. How to tackle mob lynchings Giriraj singh says rear only female calves.. NEW HINDI SAD SONGS 2019 JANUARY TOP 20 SUPERHITS HEART BROKEN BOLLYWOOD HINDI SAD SONGS Jukebox. I work in medical store today 10 year old girl with 1 year old brother asked me to give her medicine she had no money so I gave her medicine her eyes were bright red infectedher brother had diarrhea after I gave her medicine I asked her why dont you go to government hospital she said she cant: Because she cant afford transportso I took her to the hospitalI dont believe in God I believe in helping others people talk about karma and God let me ask you a question what 10 year old girl did wronglet me tell you what she did wrong she was born in India poor people dont get education healthcare nothingI been working in medical store for 6 years I helped countless people why cant government help poor people sorry for my bad English.. People Pressure Cooker Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. Official 80s Romantic Songs Bollywood Romantic Songs Jukebox. Wishing everyone a Happy Onam from r/India moderation team: All posts about Onam should be posted in this thread any further posts on Onam will be removed. To know more about Onam please refer to this [Wikipedia article.]https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Onam. Coolar Kurti Me Deewanapan Full Video Song Khesari Lal Yadav Kajal Raghwani Bhojpuri 2018. You dont need to pay bribes to the cops if you follow all the rules : Over the past few days people I know and some people here are complaining over the new and increased hefty fines imposed upon breaking rules while driving. The major point which people were saying was this Bigger fines means more money in the cops pocket. So my take is why even give them a chance to give them a challan let alone take a bribe from you. If all of the rules are followed theres absolutely no way you can be issued a challan or even try be asked for a bribe. If they still do Im pretty sure you can actually take strict action against them. Dont even give them a chance to ask for a bribe Drive safe guys and have a good day. PS Happy Teachers Day. Was Ambedkar Really Against Article 370 Records Dont Support Claim. Assam Woman Stripped Beaten In Gurgaon Police Lockup Claims Husband. These Bollywood songs are the perfect gift for your teacher on their special day. Why is everyone suddenly so Gung ho about the extortionate fines that the Motor Vehicle Act 2019 proposes: The only other Democratic country that imposes such extortionate fines in proportion to the median income is the USA and there are many cases as to how such prices are used indiscriminately by the law enforcement officers there to harass and intimidate the poor. Here is a John Oliver video explaining how such extortionate fines have impacted poor people in the US . [https//www.youtube.com/watchv0UjpmT5noto]https//www.youtube.com/watchv0UjpmT5noto ampx200B Here is A Washington post article where even a Republican majority Supreme court ruled that the amount of fines being collected by municipalities were too high . [https//www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts\law/supremecourtsaysconstitutionalprotectionagainstexcessivefinesappliestostateactions/2019/02/20/204ce0d4352211e9af5bb51b7ff322e9\story.html]https//www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courtslaw/supremecourtsaysconstitutionalprotectionagainstexcessivefinesappliestostateactions/2019/02/20/204ce0d4352211e9af5bb51b7ff322e9story.htmlnoredirecton ampx200B Here is another link which states how the poor were systematically targeted to collect as much revenue from municipal violations as possible. [https//www.newdelhitimes.com/afterfergusonsomestatesmovetoreininpunishingthepoor/]https//www.newdelhitimes.com/afterfergusonsomestatesmovetoreininpunishingthepoor/ Some excerpts \gt In one case an AfricanAmerican woman received a 151 ticket in 2007 for parking illegally a fine that increased with penalties for late payment and other charges. By 2014 she had paid 550 been arrested twice and spent six days in jail for the same violation. And she still owed the city 541. There is the added problem if such additional traffic and municipal violations become a source of revenue like \gt In 2014 Ferguson received more than 16 of its revenue from fines and fees. But it wasnt the worst offender in the county of 88 municipalities. Nearby Saint Ann claimed that top distinction receiving 30.4 of its revenue from fines and fees in 2012 and exceeding a state cap of 30 according to a report by the Civil Rights Commission . ampx200B Even the US Supreme court has taken notice of the extreme nature of the fines. [https//www.stltoday.com/news/local/crimeandcourts/stlouiscountysmunicipalcourtsarebeingjudgedand/article\7db02ecc664456198f94602fbd56095f.html1]https//www.stltoday.com/news/local/crimeandcourts/stlouiscountysmunicipalcourtsarebeingjudgedand/article7db02ecc664456198f94602fbd56095f.html1 ampx200B In the case of India It will be even worse as authorities can stop on you on no grounds at all i.e on the basis of suspicion . Its not necessarily because you have committed a traffic violation. The fact that the poor people might be harassed with unreasonable fines regardless of whether or not you have committed a crime is insane as rarely has any challan been overturned in a court of law in India. Yes there are many people who abuse traffic rules but rather than making systemic changes like requiring strict tests for driving licenses and to make sure you know every traffic rule before you are granted a licence or even getting your licence suspended if you get three traffic violations in a year/ two years We instead have a system which will be abused by corrupt cops. I dont believe it will act as a deterrent since every year the no off traffic violations has shot up despite there being such high deterrent fines in the US. Something akin to Germany would be better where they test you rigorously before they certify you fit for driving. As usual the Government is taking a sledgehammer to solve a problem which could be solved by a few timely stitches.. HC Judge Withdraws Self from Hearing of Sanjiv Bhatts Bail Plea. Ganesh Aarti Mukesh Ambani Family Ganesh Utsav 2019 at House Mumbai Grand Ganpati Celebration Nita Ambani Akash Anant isa. Vadhiv Distay Rao Dj Song New Marathi Dj Song 2019. 2 University of Texas Students From India Drown in Oklahoma. Research on Adult Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse: In order to participate in the research click on the given link https//docs.google.com/forms/d/1ZW3JMXfje0Q1cCbaEi6TJLsbAaVDAyri3NyR0WXV3zQ/edituspdrivesdk Hello My name is Srushti. I am 23 years old and currently doing a research project as a part of the M.A Clinical Psychology Course. My research is on adult survivors of child sexual abuse. The reason I chose this topic is because it is a very critical one survivors experience long term effects of what happened in their past and it debilitates their ability to live life fully and freely as adults to a very significant degree. Often the effects are so subtle that the person may not even be aware of how they are being debilitated. I am conducting this research to understand the general problems and blockages faced by adult survivors of CSA so that it can contribute towards generating intervention and counseling steps/methods/practice ideas to help the survivors. I understand that this is a sensitive matter but the participants confidentiality is fully maintained in this survey. No details compromising the identity of the person need to be provided in the survey. I hope you will pass this around to your friends both male and female and help out in this endeavour. Thank you so much. NASAs fallen on hard times.... [laughs in hidden]. This is so good. Need some advice on approaching this girl in my French class.: Im a CS student take 2 French Classes every weekon Monday and Friday.Theres this girl from Behavioural Sciences that i have taken a liking to.In order to break the Icei initated conversation with her and asked her to mail me the French course material that was provided to B.S students. What ive observed about her She has a group of 34 female friends and always hangs around them only.Shes a very sincere studentsits in frontnever misses classespunctualasks a lot of questions in class etc When i talked to hershe answered all my questions during the conversation with a matteroffactly mannera very very stark contrast with how she talks to her friends.Alsoshe must have relaized that i look in her general direction during class. The ProblemGiven that we share only 2 classes per week and her sincere approach to studying inside the class makes it difficult for me to initiate a conversation with her during class.Alsoi can never find empty seats anywhere near where she sits because its impossible for me to arrive that earlyowing to the fact i have a Networking class just beforhand. Nowi belive that i have only 2 options Tell her outright that i find her attractive and would like to know her better.If she doesnt reciprocate my feelingsitll be quite embarassing and uncomfartable for the next 3 years of French.Alsowhat if she feels uncomfortable with such a direct approach Keep waiting for a lucky break where i can find a seat near her and engage in some banaltrite conversation hoping that it may lead to a casual acquantaince sometime in the future.The problem with this approach is the fact ill be potentially wallowing in a pit of uncertainty and unrealised desire for the next 3 years wondering whether or not something is possible between us or not.Im currently going thorugh this now and i hate how much this fucks with my concentration during my study time at home. Help mefellow people.Whats the move that i should make in this situation. The T List What to See Eat and Wear This Week. Dekha Hai Teri Dharmendra Vaijayantimala Pyar Hi Pyar Hindi Song. BSNL Cellone users: How has your experience been If you travel do you get decent coverage I am sick of Idea and Vodafone and Airtel. I dont even know why they would remove the ability to pick 2G on iOS especially in areas where they barely have any 3G/4G coverage.. Pachtaoge best female version must watch. SelfFound a research which links lower emotional intelligence to rightwing views [P]. Government Forcing Media to Speak in Their Support Mrinal Pande. How to check MicroSD card Orignal or Fake..... India Today investigation exposes the rot in the Ayushman Bharat Scheme. OperationModicare ITLivestream. Mehrarumilibetter belkebataiya BHOJPURI pramod premi new song music 2019. BREAKING narendramodi govt plans mega publicity blitz on 100 days in office. On September 7th Top mantris to write editorial in papers. On September 8 Press briefing showcasing govts achievements.. Porn Stars Shout Out To ExPak Envoy To India After Twitter Gaffe. [For economic majors] Ahead of Brexit is it a good idea to apply for Masters in the UK: I am an Indian willing to do my Masters in the UK. My long term goal is to work in the UK for a few years. If UK exits without a deal will there be jobs and what will be the economic consequences. HINDI HEART TOUCHING SONGS 2019 Best Of Hindi Love Songs New SUPERHIT JUKEBOX . [ELI5] Why did the government ask for money from RBI: I know its been a while since this news hit the waves but please tell me why did the BJP government ask for Rs. 1.76L Crore from the RBI What are the implications of this And is it a good move or a bad move. India still awaits apology: On Sunday April 13 1919 the day of Baisakhi one of the largest festivals of the Sikh community a peaceful crowd gathered at the ceremonial ground from the nearby Golden Temple to celebrate. As many as 90 British Indian Army soldiers commanded by Colonel Reginald Dyer opened fire at over 20000 unarmed men women and children without any warning or order to disperse the mob. Dyer marched his men to a raised bank and ordered them to kneel and fire at the entire Jallianwala Bagh. He ordered his soldiers to reload their rifles several times and they were ordered to shoot and kill. He continued shooting approximately 1650 rounds in all until all ammunition was exhausted. The garden was closed on all sides by houses and buildings and had a few narrow entrances most of which were kept permanently locked. There was just one main entrance which was relatively wider but it was guarded by troops backed by armoured vehicles loaded with machine guns since the vehicles were unable to enter through the narrow entrance Apart from the many deaths due to direct shooting a number of people died from stampedes or by suffocation from jumping into a solitary well on the Jallianwala ground to escape bullets. When General Dyer returned to Britain his supporters gave him a jeweled sword with the inscription Saviour of the Punjab. He never went to jail. One thousand six hundred and fifty rounds were fired. The Secret Diary of a SaasBahu Writer. US Adds Iranian Shipping Network to Sanctions List. Lunch Today Rice Fish and Vegetables. Really bothers me that they wrote jacket in Hindi but not in English.. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Tamil new Heart breaking album songs . India has adopted a colonisers approach to tribal populations. The Original Evil Corporation. Dimaak Kharaab Dj Remix Song iSmart Shankar songs Telugu Dj Remix. BJP mole Praveen Chakravarty the data cell head blamed for Congress loss gets promoted. Death is now at every corner. Stay safe.. Song pachtaoge but a better version. Freedom struggle was an NRI movement says Rahul Gandhi. This is deep.. MP minister in South Korea to study education system postpones Teachers Day events. India Sowing Seeds of War With Kashmir ActionsPakistan Military Spokesman. Jio fiber router is security nightmare: So I got Jio fiber connection because the other ISP was pretty bad in speeds. I knew about Jio deep packet inspection and blocking but it wasnt much of a concern to me as I didnt mean they got direct access to my network devices. However that changed after I got it installed and running today. Basically the router is locked down. You cant use non Jio routers to connect theres no username / password settings to use for another non Jio router. The biggest security issue is your Jio router can be managed by my Jio app like changing SSID password blocking device etc and it works even remotely outside your WiFi network. So the only thing stopping a attacker is myjio authentication which Im sure can be cracked. Moreover if they get access to network from Jio side they can literally do anything. Run exploits against your networked devices etc. And remote management is disabled by default so theres no way to stop myjio app access. Tldr Jio have full remote access to your router and network.. Aage Aage tum pichhe pichhe hum Hindi songsOld Hindi film song bevfai 2020Hindi film song new 20. Can someone please suggest me a good ergonomic chair for daily 810 hours sedentary work: Title says all. I am the founder of a small video game company and we just purchased a workspace a couple months ago but so far we were using some cheap chairs. However these chairs are not comfortable for prolonged sedentary works so I would really appreciate if someone can suggest me some good office ergonomic chairs. Budget is around 10k12k.. Explosion at Indian Fireworks Factory Kills at Least 15. What is a below average guy to do: In my opinion Im a below average person. Appearance wise I consider myself unlovely. Instead of leaning on euphemism to make the truth palatable Ill state unabashedly that Im short and ugly. I was born to a family of modest means. Since childhood Ive never been an exceptional performer at school. Probably featured in the bottom few. Not that I was indolent. Despite my best efforts seldom did I perform better than the average. I followed the herd and ended up studying engineering. Now that Im trying to look for jobs hardly anyone is interested in me as Im unexceptional. In this brutally competitive world can someone as vanilla as me attain great success Repeated rejection in romantic life professional life has eroded my self belief. I had a suspicion ever since I was in my early teens that I was unintelligent. Itd take me a much longer time to grasp a concept compared to my peers. Initially it did bother me but then I developed a thicker skin. My parents also are concerned about my future. Just wanted to let it out.. Intelligence Failure led to Pulwama Terror Attack finds CRPF Internal Inquiry. Gurugram Three autorickshaw drivers charged Rs 9400 Rs 27000 and Rs 37000 as challan by Gurugram Traffic Police for violating traffic rules today. ACP crime Shamsher Singh says challans being issued under provisions of Motor Vehicles Amendment Act 2019.[NP]. India Names Leaders of 2 PakistanBased Groups as Terrorists. BEL Refuses to Disclose EVM VVPAT Data Even After Demanding Fees. What Does It Mean. Aman Dhattarwals A Popular Youtuber brother is missing.Pls share if you live in Delhi. Can someone tell me about the gaming and cyber security industry in India: I am in my final year of engineering college someone who has surprise surprise always been interested in the gaming community. But I have no clue about 1 what the scene is in India like 2 how do you get to work with them as a fresher. I mean the one thing I know about getting placed in IT companies is that they ask DSA during interviews. If I want to get a job in the game development sector are there any prerequisites that I need to have as in decent knowledge of for egUnity or game development in general 3which are the major companies or startups here in India working in this field 4 Whats the pay like in these sectors The same for the cyber security industry. This is the second Field I have some passion/interest in. Just to give a bit of insight as to why am I asking is right now I feel like these are the areas in which if I am working I might put some genuine effort to learn something or might have a bit of fun doing. I am interning as a backend Dev in a company rn and I have no motivation to do learn more that required or go out of my way to learn something just to make the product or service I am working now better. I know playing a game and making one is world apart. But I still have quite a fair amount of interest in this. Any help is appreciated any further guidance as to how or what to do or keep in mind is very much appreciated. Thanks.. In the Name of Hinduism People are Boycotting Tea Food Fashion Detergent and all Logic. First Official Death in Indian Kashmir Protests Prompts Tighter Security in Srinagar. Leila IMDb reviews Were the most tolerant people so well give 1 star to express our tolerance. Indias Economy Suffers Car Crash Pain Spreads to Villages. Iran Ratchets Up Pressure Ahead of Weekend Nuclear Deadline.  Ravish Kumar Speech. In 1961 India Finally Kicked Portugal off the Subcontinent [Old]. If Delhi Police or Delhi Traffic Police officers are found violating traffic rules theyll have to pay TWICE the amount for offence under the amended MV Act Delhi Police Commissioner.. The Aviation Sectors Rampant Growth Must Be Reined In. Memeistan. Discontent dissent amp defiance in Congress as Gandhi family begins to lose grip on party. Maruti Suzuki to halt production at Gurgaon Manesar plants for two days. I have a flight to catch at 10.30 PM. But cant move out of my area due to rains. Can I reschedule my ticket somehow: I booked a flight to Muscat through MakeMyTrip. Is it possible to reschedule it considering the situation.  /Vajai Visav Tringa Pyara. Ranu Mondal All full Song Ranu New Album Ranu New All Song. Alan Rusbridger Principal Lady Margaret Hall Oxford University wrote to The Hindu deploring the treatment of Romila Thapar by JNU.. 35 yo Neighbor is educated only up to 10th wants to clear HSC. How do I help him: Were in Mumbai. I looked around and will enquire at NIOS once the rain dies out. But Im not sure is he eligible What other avenues are there Can I get him admission as a private student in a State Board School Hes working so he cant attend school full time but can time out for exams and such. He runs his own business and is quite successful I might like to add. He never had the opportunity to completely his education due to poverty and abuse. He has a kid whos 10 now and a primary reason why he wants to study is so that he can read to his son/help him study. Any help would be useful. Maruti Announces NoProduction Days In Haryana Plants Amid Auto Crisis. Andhra Pradesh doctor family kill self after losing Rs 5.5cr in rice pulling con Visakhapatnam News . I love you new song //cute school love story // korean mix Hindi song 2019 // chinese mix hindi song. Pak Desperate To Push Terrorists Into JampK 2 With LeT Ties Caught Army. Amazon India Plans to Scrap SingleUse Plastic Joins Rival Flipkart. India May Have Entered QuasiRecession as GDP Growth Plummets BNN Bloomberg. I saw something disturbing today so I thought its only fair that you all see it too. Credits to whoever has made this. Thanks I hate it.. When the IT Cell becomes selfaware. My ears are gonna split: There is an enormous amount of noise pollution that is being caused here just coz some asshole of a neighbor is getting married. What really intrigues me is how the musical band with the least experience in harmonious music starts banging their bullshit in full volume. I am typing this with earphones plugged in my ears. Its way too high. The only reason I as an alien individual cannot confront them is that they are known to be fight mongers. Mahn this is disturbing to the core. The Ganesh Chaturthi season has begun and this is the time a lot of bands are on the road banging the hell out of a . Streets get blocked traffic is affected boisterous celebrations in all streets with people disrupting the already noisy atmosphere of a city. I am not in any way targeting a religion here. Dont digress from the main topic. These ethical values are generic to all faiths. They are universal. I would like to take this opportunity and request all those who are undertaking such celebrations to do it by all means but also take in consideration that their revelries dont create a bad image of their religion/ideology. Kudos. Shiv Sena member accuses Netflix of defaming Hindus and India files police complaint. Just in MarutiSuzuki India Limited has decided to shut down the passenger vehicle manufacturing operations of Gurugram Plant and Manesar Plant in Haryana on September 7 and 9 2019. Both days will be observed as no production days.. Zindagi Pyar Ka Geet Hai Souten Padmini Kolhapure Rajesh Khanna Old Hindi Songs Kishore. Travel advice Golden Triangle your and Goa: A friend of mine we work together is going to get married in Delhi next February. With this a small group 4 persons is going there for the marriage and we will take advantage to go to India. It will be the first time for everyone of us. So we are planning to do a Golden Triangle tour Delhi Agra and Jaipur for 7 days 6 nights before going to the wedding 3 days 3 nights and then head south to Goa for a week. Now Im having some hard time planning this. I was looking for a tour because it could take us to all the major points and helpfully having a nice guide will give cultural and historical inputs that we want. I got some few quotations from different tour operators and narrowed my search to 3 Creative India Tours https//www.tripadvisor.com/AttractionReviewg297683d12310857ReviewsCreativeIndiaHolidaysAgraAgraDistrictUttarPradesh.html Agra day tour packages https//www.tripadvisor.com/AttractionReviewg304551d5789057ReviewsAgraDayTourPackagesNewDelhiNationalCapitalTerritoryofDelhi.html Indian Holidays pvt https//www.indianholiday.com/ The first one has a slightly better price about 365 USD per person but it has the least reviews and lately it got a very poor review saying they were taken to restaurants with much more expensive food taken to a lot of shops they didnt want etc. The other 2 cost about 390USD per person the Indian Holidays Pvt. although being a big company they dont have a trip advisor reviews page so I dont know if I can rely on the reviews on their website. Agra day tour packages seems the best pick with over 1500 reviews on trip advisor and just 14 with 3 stars or less. Still there are some people saying they were taken to shops they didnt want while missing some of the sightseeing. Yet these guys belong to IATO that seems to be a government recognition of Tour operators in India. So it seems more reliable than the others. Id like some input here what to do to not lose time in stupid shops not lose money with inflated prices and mostly to not lose important places for things we dont want to do and are not in the places to visit in the quotation given. We would like however to shop for some clothes in the first day since we dont have the clothing to attend the marriage. Where would it be good to buy some clothes for a decent price nothing super expensive again without being ripped off. On the second part of the trip going to Goa we are thinking of staying in Candolim to enjoy the beach and some bars. We would still like to go to south Goa to see the historical and cultural places too and to Dudhsagar waterfalls. The waterfalls probably we could get a full day taxi just drop us there we would do some hiking it would be nice. For the sightseeing we could also book a tour but I think the costs I got 250 USD for essentially 2 days sightseeing and take us from the airport to the hotel and back to the airport is expensive. Can we just get a taxi maybe to show us around or maybe locally some guide Also for our stay we would like to rent some motor bikes is there any website for it That we could do and is trustworthy Thanks. Civil services question: Hi Im a b.tech gt MBA gt unemployed type goodfornothing guy. Ive burned all my bridges and the bitterness despair anger are building up yada yada yada. I got 99.89 in cat thats my achievement... you know the type. So my last hope is civil services because no one will hire me but I want to figure out how hard it is exactly. I cant take multiple attempts because I sure wont last that long its do or die. Anyone who has done or attempted can you help me figure out how difficult it is exactly. Asian Stocks Rise After Disappointing US Data Brexit Drama. BSNL delays August salary employee unions stage protest across country. Best Romantic Hindi Mashup Song Mix Hindi Old Song Bollywood Hindi Song 2019. Bengaluru women march holding clothes they wore while they were sexually harassed. As part of the I Never Ask For It walk youngsters carried clothes that they were wearing when they were sexually harassed.. Telangana man forced to carry 7yrold daughters dead body as hospital refuses ambulance. Unable to afford a private vehicle the man had to carry his dead daughter because the hospital authorities did not provide him an ambulance.. BBMP begins road work after video of moon walk goes viral. IIT Roorkee Notice to Students. ZOMATO trying its best.. This trend of using underage girls as models in Punjabi music videos is disgusting.. [P] Govt. Will Censor Netflix Amazon Prime amp Other OTTs Is Leila The Trigger Of This Regulation. They Thought He Was Muslim Kin of Boy Beaten to Death in Delhi. Bansa Pradip Bengali Movie Siddhanta Mahapatra Meghna. Nilgai shot buried alive in Vaishali dist of Bihar. Alka Yagnik Kumar Sanu Evergreen 90s Evergreen Golden Hindi Old Sad Song. Electricity bills set to rise in UP up to 12 power tariff hike approved. Chinas geopolitical ambitions extend to both Pakistan and Indian Kashmir. Stills From TV Series Viral As Torture Of Kashmiri Journalist. 18 buildings damaged as Kolkata Metro tunnelborer hits aquifer. Pakistan lacks evidence to prove genocide in Kashmir says its ICJ lawyer. Random Daily Discussion Thread September 04 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. BiWeekly Music Thread September 04 2019: What is r/India listening to this week Share your playlists here. Use this thread to discuss artists songs albums and genres. If you are musician yourself do share your work here Note Try and link the songs/albums/podcasts instead of just mentioning them. Official links provided by the artists themselves are preferable. [Previous threads here.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/search/qBiweekly20Music20Threadamprestrictsr1ampsortnew. BiWeekly Books amp Articles discussion thread September 04 2019: Welcome Bookworms of /r/India This is your space to discuss anything related to books articles longform editorials writing prompts essays stories etc. Heres the /r/india goodreads group https//www.goodreads.com/group/show/162898rindia [Previous threads here.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/search/qBiweekly20Books202620Articles20discussion20threadamprestrictsr1ampsortnew. In need of urgent advice regarding career Please help.: Hi I am a 25 year old Indian national living in Thailand with my family. I did my undergrad in Thailand in BBA in Finance. After that I joined my family trading business of loose diamonds. After a year in the business I joined a Thailand based diamond jewelry export company owned by an IndianAmerican. I am working in the jewelry company for the past two years but since I am the youngest I am given odd works. I am being paid 55000 baht per month after tax. I was wondering what my options for a secure future are I am starting to get complacent in my job getting comfortable with my monthly salary which I do not want. If I get fired or if I want to switch my job I do not feel I have enough skills to get an equivalent salary. Another issue is that the jewelry industry is shrinking. I am also not sure if I enjoy the industry as much. I have a few options in mind but opinions are needed. My options are 1. CFA 2. MBA 3. Starting a business I am so confused in life about my career that I hate even thinking about it. My work timings are 830 am to 630 pm MonFri. Saturdays I work 830 am to 1200 pm. I have around 10 lakh baht saved since I live with my family. But we do not have any asset no house car etc. Please help.. Up To 10 Years Jail Proposed For Violence Against Doctors In Draft Bill The Health Ministry has asked for feedback from the public on draft Healthcare Service Personnel and Clinical Establishments Prohibition of Violence and Damage to Property Bill 2019. Best Of Manndey OLD Hindi Movie Best Song. The most terrifying moments India counts down to risky Moon landing If touchdown is successful Chandrayaan2 will be the first lunar mission to explore the south pole.. David Guetta Titanium ft. Sia Official Video. Top 20 Romantic Hindi Songs Bollywood New Songs 2019 Indian New Songs. Shri Hanuman Stavan Lord Hanuman Songs Telugu Devotional Songs Bhakti Songs. Whats your rightbeforesleep daily regular activity: It could be reading a chapter of a novel playing a round of a game jacking off watching an episode of TV Additional question which shows on Netflix work really well viewed an episode a day Im playing chess these days before sleeping.. India is being governed by the donkey slowly leades into an abysmal Pitt.. Asking for some useful advice before reapplying for schengen Visa: Randians I am planning to visit Schengen area Solo in late October and early November for about 2 weeks. I am planning to visit Barcelona Amsterdam Paris and Brussels23 days every place. Actually the issue is i tried to do the same sort of trip solo at the very same time coincidence isnt itvia Germany about 2 years back when i was a student and had sufficient funds transferred enough money from my dads account to mine about 67 months before applying and proper paperwork the embassy still rejected my tourist visa with only reason that my application is failing to have the needed justification for your purpose and conditions of the planned travel and stayi think i should have shown dads statement instead of minesilly me a friend did this last year when he went to UK. I had paid lodging and everything in Berlin through AirBnB . I appealed against refusal but they still didnt approve my visa . After that I travelled in South East Asia for 2 weeks about a year ago so that my passport has at least one stamp. Now I am employedfirst job since last 7 monthsI dont have an ITR document i joined in the last month of FY. and planning to apply through Spain9 rejection rate or Nederlands visa process is fast but also high rejection rate. Now guys i need your help and tips so that i could avoid Visa refusal again. Also I was also thinking of applying through Estonia 2 rejection rate and then move from there to Barcelona or Amsterdam or whatever nearest .Also this time when i am employed should i get a letter written up by my parents or show their bank statements instead of mine I hope you guys could help me out and guide me so that i can make a kickass application. Thanks. Flipkart launches Hindi interface to tap into next 200 million eshoppers.  Ganesh Chalisa Beautiful Bhajan Om Gan Ganpataye Namo Namah Full Song. Govt. Will Censor Netflix Amazon Prime amp Other OTTs Is Leila The Trigger Of This Regulation. Flavored milk: Hello India. I read that there are a bunch of flavored milks in India. Is that true If so what are some flavors and what do you drink Here in the US we only have chocolate or strawberry and they are very sweet. Thanks in advance.. Soundtrack Song Credits 40 Summertime Once Upon a Time in Hollywood 2019. How did the entire thread on r/india comments section get deleted. Plastic Waste Along the Ganges National Geographic A nonprofit organizations efforts to reduce the plastic pollution in Ganga. NFL to Stream Match Highlights via TikTok. Found this in a drawer I was cleaning out. Fs in the chat. France Pushes 15 Billion Credit Line Plan for Iran if U.S. Allows It. Heartwarming video of dog digging her puppies out of debris leaves netizens emotional. Ive seen people. Who dont eat oranges for this.. Andhbhakti on economy be like.. Places to drink with friends in Raipur: So Im really just looking for a decent not too expensive place to drink in Raipur female friendly types. Any suggestions I saw a couple on google maps but I cant get a proper read or feel for them.. [SnankakshaVichar] When viewed from todays context of the climate crisis threatening the planet Monisha Bhabhi comes across a valiant conservationist trying her hardest to refuse/reduce/recycle while Maya comes across as the hypocritical consumerist elite draining the planets resources: The show was ahead of its time https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SarabhaivsSarabhai I dont condone Monishas hygiene though. Venezuelan Oil Exports Fall to Lowest Level in 2019 as U.S. Sanctions BiteData. Best of Lata Mangeshkar Bollywood hindi Songs Jukebox Hindi Songs. [NP] A stupid culture I have noticed in college...is this dangerous: Okay I am pretty much aware about hookups and have done that in the past Delhi se hun samaj lo also realised its not my thing but in college I have witnessed something which is making me lose faith in humanity. One of my close friends went through this and boy did she become a wreck for a while. Like a guy and girl become fast friends and then date... Seriously for like 2 weeks and then suddenly one or both of them lose interest. Then total drama occurs because they know each others personal details. Then they start psychoanalysis and make up bullshit excuses iT wAS oNlY lIkInG nOt tRuE lOvEwho is even looking for true love are we in a TV show. Like if yall wanna fuck just hookup yikes. I just dont get it. Am I missing something Because last time I had a girlfriend I kept that thing going for 2 years. I like to be comfortable with them for a long time before I develop any romantic feelings. Also when it comes to sex I dont get how you can do it with total strangers or people whod leave you within a few days. That shits nasty.. Congress leader DK Shivakumar arrested in money laundering case. 2 Amity University boys thrashed by fellow students over car parking issue netizens demand justice. Second Tallest Ganesh In Hyderabad. Take Photos Why Make a Video UP Govt Reasons Booking Journalist For Midday Meal Story. Best Of Sunny Leone Hindi Bollywood Songs Birthday Special Video Jukebox. Those that choose not to beat their kids what effective methods have you used to discipline them: Random thought. I wonder how our generation will manage antics and tantrums of wayward children.. Wait what. Delhi Assembly Elections AAP launches I Love Kejriwal campaign. Jass Manak Rabb Wangu Lyrics video Babbal Singh New Punjabi songs 2019. As Bangladesh races ahead of India Pakistan confirms first use nuclear policy. Anjali beypi hindi old song. One JamaatulMujahideen Bangladesh cadre held in Kolkata. I Am Really Scared Hindu Bengali Refugees Excluded From NRC List. Sikkim rail project Is it development or disaster waiting to happen. Ekadantaya Vakratundaya Gauri Tanaya with Lyrics Shankar Mahadevan Art of Living Bhajans. Adivasis and the Indian State How onset of industrialism modernisation wreaked cultural social and economic havoc among tribals. Dammm thats funny lmao. These HighFlying Geese Are the Astronauts of the Bird World. Woman Raped In Haryana Commits Suicide Allegedly Over Police Inaction. Thaalam Rhythm Of The Nation A.R. Rahman Virtual Bharat. Your Tuesday Briefing. How to Build a Latrine. Lego Sales Rise but Investments Dent Profits. Annexation of Goa. So much arrogance. Dont know where it comes from for these girls. Oh Baby Bangla New Song 2018 Hoichoi Unlimited Fan Made Khoka babu KB KB Multimedia. Please help me out.: So I sleepwalked through my undergrad in mech engineering and cleared in 2018 with shit grades from a no name tier 3 college. And have been unemployed pretty much since then due to personal reasons. Been applying and interviewing from 2 months and have not struck any good job as I lack any proper technical skills and have average communication skills. My concerned mom is asking me to move into IT for the pay obviously as were in a financially stressed situation took out a couple of heavy loans So please help me with the following questions 1.How viable is an IT career at this point in my life with no CS skills 2.How hard is the transition to IT since I have no accomplishments or background to speak of 3.How hard it is going to be to break into by starting from scratch 4.What kind of life can I expect from my standpoint 5.How long is it going to be that I make decent money 6.Given my year gap am I going to face any difficulties with profile If you have any other career/general advice that I can look into I would be grateful.. Ilayaraja Hit Songs Naan Deva Devi Song Murali Shaali Thangakkili Tamil Movie Music Master. MP Students Seen Washing Utensils In Drain Water After MidDay Meal. Asia Stocks Dented by Trade War Brexit Showdown Paralyzes Pound. ExChief Minister Ajit Jogis Son Amit Jogi Arrested In Forgery Case. Is it just me or is this Romila Thapar CV controversy just arrogance on Thapars part: The left is taking it up in arms as if this is a great national insult but it seems like it is just a matter of one persons ego that somehow liberal society feels needs protecting. If Thapar is so confident of her Emeritus she could have simply handed in her CV. She probably has not made one and does not want to hence the snarkiness. I am certain her qualifications speak for herself. But she could simply hand in her CV get rejected and then claim that this is some conspiracy against her due appointment. Right now she just seems very petty to me. There are many many qualified scholars around the world who I am sure would still submit their CVs because institutions have rules and they are used to working under them.. What are the top 2nd Tier cities to move to in India: Considerations Selfemployed couple. Good primary education/schools. Low pollution. Cosmopolitan/tolerant populace. Good air connectivity. Good food.. Top 20 Bollywood Hindi Songs Hindi Heart Touching Songs 2019 Indian New Songs. Product vs Service Companies: I got my first job in a product based company as a software dev. I have heard people be vary of service based companies. Is the work culture that bad in service based companies that everyone rushes to product based ones. Indias Kohli Calls Bumrah the Most Complete Bowler Around. Government to start consultations on online certification. 90s Hits Hindi Old Song Dj Remix Nonstop Love Bollywood Dj Song Old Is Gold. Why Chennai people are not fond of plants like Bengaluru: Where ever I go in banglore I can see at least a pot with green plants init but couldnt see the same in Chennai . Fire Burning at Gas Plant in Western India 4 Reported Dead. Confronting Line Cutters.: I was in a Ratnadeep store buying some groceries. I went to the counter to pay as usual. There were two people in front of me an elderly man and a woman in her 30s. As the woman was paying the elderly man cut the line to get something he forgot. While he was gone the woman finished her transaction and left. It took another 20 seconds for him to return. I stood there along with another woman behind me out of courtesy for the old man. When he returned seeing us waiting he apologized and thanked us. We greeted him and smiled back. Fair enough Now it was my turn as I was reaching to my pocket backasswardly a young man in his teens enters the shop grabs himself a loaf of bread and stands right in front of me. I froze for a second. It was the most extraordinary transition to an unexplored territory. The cashier herself was visibly irritated. She told him that she was attending to me and that he should fall back in line just like everyone else. He smirked and stood behind in between the lady and me. I couldnt handle his behavior and flipped. I said to his face what he was doing was wrong and he should have the least courtesy towards other customers. He had that look in the face which completely describes and ghetto teen filled with cynicism and packed with attitude. The woman behind me told me to calm down and let him get over with. I paid for my shit and left. As I reflect now there is one thing I realize. If we wish to change the country for the better it should start from us. At the end of the day you can only change yourself. As citizens we must start taking responsibilities and not be those who vocally pledge nationalism but those who live by the oath in action..  s Bhojpuri Hot Item Songs New Video 2016 Monti Kajal [HD]. [NP] Patanjali Hookah. Random Daily Discussion Thread September 03 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator.  24/7 Live Stream Music Mix HINDI REMIX LIVE TOP MASHUP NEW SONG. Heart Touching Telugu Songs jukebox. Global Climate Strike. Tips for Remote Software Dev Job search.: For devs already working remotely what tips and suggestions would you have for someone who is looking for a remote job. Best English Songs 2019 Greatest Hits Pop Songs Ever Best Pop Songs World 2019. Kya Khoob Lagti Ho Mukesh Kanchan Dharmatma 1975 Songs Hema Malini Feroz Khan. Can you say no during salary negotiation at a new job: Will they blacklist me They took unusually long time during the entire hiring process and now I have second thoughts from going to data analytics to email marketing. Can I say no Will they blacklist me. NEW BOLLYWOOD HINDI SONGS 2019 VIDEO JUKEBOX Latest Bollywood Songs 2019. India Post GDS Online Form 2019 Date Extended. Arrest warrant against India cricket star Mohammed Shami. Class 1 student booked for attempt to rape in Haryana. HINDI SONGS 2019 Latest Bollywood Remix Songs 2019 Best Hindi Remix 2019 Indian Songs. WB Police Warder Admit Card 2019. Cow attacks BJP MP Liladhar Vaghela 2 ribs broken admitted to ICU. Growth of eight core sectors at 2.1 in July down from 7.3 last year Govt data. Rats ate my 2500 crore irrigation project Jharkhand explains how a dam was washed away within 14 hours of inauguration. Hollywood Hindi video song Heart Bit music album Youtube channel. Can you recommend a laptop for a computer science student: I am really confused on which one to buy. Should i go for a mac or a pc I am not sure how important i weigh gaming as factor but its certainly up there. Looking for something with a decent bezelless screen this ones pretty important good speakers and keyboard. Budget is under 1lac but it would be better if its around 80k mark. Some of the laptops mentioned are more then 1lac only the mac pro and Helios 300 9th gen. Laptops i am currently watching Windows Surface laptop 2 MacBook air 2019 Asus ROG stix g LG gram 15 i5 version Acer nitro 7 i5 Asus zenbook 13 Asus tuf505 120Hz version Windows surface pro 6 Lenovo legion Y540 i5 gtx 1650/1660 Acer preditor helios 300 i5 9th gen/8th gen MacBook pro 13 inch i5 The list is not just limited to these if you suggest anything for outside the list you are more then welcomed.. Pakistan will never ever start war with India Imran Khan. Ranu Mondal Vs Salman Khan Ranu Mondal Viral Song Ranu Mondal Himesh Rashmiya. My sister made her son do this. Adorable.. Thanks Google . Auto industry seeks immediate policy steps as sales continue to plummet. Got called a creep for texting a girl on Instagram: Some context I broke up with my girlfriend of 3 year 1 month back . To get over it I started posting memes on my Instagram stories and talking to people on my followers list who I knew but never really talked to in person. A junior girl I added on Instagram posts memes as well and we had a small 5 minute conversation after a reply she sent to a meme of mine . She then stopped replying and started replying once every 4/5 days. I didnt think much of it and would reply in a normal platonic way. Im now hearing from people on how Im a creep / chep and why am I even trying to hit on her have I seen my face. Im kind of pissed about it and havent decided if I should just ignore it or give her a piece of my mind next time she replies. What angers me more is that my ex is messaging me that she has been informed about this and apparently a lot of girls in the girls hostel know about it too.. EspnCricinfo app being cute and doing a lot of chitchat with adservers amp trackers. Former Pak envoy to India thinks porn star Johnny Sins is a Kashmiri blinded by pellets. Eight Apache attack helicopters to be inducted into IAF at Pathankot on Tuesday. There is something really wrong with this country..  New Ambedkar song Bhojpuri new chamar song. Johnny Sins and Kashmir Never thought I would read these two in the same sentence. Indian Groups want Kerala food stall cancelled because they sell beef. Johnny Sins and Kashmir Never thought I would read these two in the same sentence. PAN will be generated automatically if taxpayer uses Aadhaar for filing returns CBDT. Any tips on Having 1st beer without getting caught.: I am 20 live with parents and have never drink alcohol before. Our family is 100 against it disgust people who drink alcohol. However curiosity got a hold of me last month and it took me a month to buy alcohol. Drinking age is 21 here so I was very nervous in the shop . I was going to buy kingfisher premium the owner gave me Godfather 6.5 alcohol. So whats the safest way to drink it without getting too much drunk or bad mouth smell.. I need indian number for otp: I just need somebody to share an indian number for free so i can verify an app in india I wont steal anything i just need help. Andang Kaka Anniyan Tamil Songs HD. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. When you try minimalism and end up with ummm..... Pakistan PM Khan Says Not to Use Nuclear Weapons First Amid Tensions With ArchRival India. Is it for real: I am watching this series Powder and theres an incident in the series which is quite similar to the Pramod Mahajan Rahul Mahajan fiasco. I just want to know if theres any truth to it or is it pure fiction. Accenture fresher job: Accenture conducted their placement drive in my collegeand i was selected for Full stack Engineer career level 11 there for 6.5 LPA. Ive heard the company provides good benefits and work culture and the learning is okay. Should I just join them and enjoy last of my college days or improve my data structure skills to get into a product based company. Thanks. Any suggestions are welcome .. Is an IGNOU degree bad choice for international credit: Hello India Im a foreigner on the verge of commencing a BA Psychology Arts degree from IGNOU. Choosing here because your distance learning is fucking cheap. But from reading a few posts on here some people say that even in India its hard to find respect for a correspondence qualification. The department themselves seem confident its internationally recognised and supported but one wonders... Ive asked my own counties education system to confirm that they recognise the accreditation but they declined seemingly having more important things to be doing So feeling a little conflicted. Anyone have a suggestion.  Special I Ganesh Mantra I SURESH WADKAR I Om Gan Ganpataye Namo Namah I Full HD Video. Need some career advice: I am a recent BBA graduate and Id like to know what my career options are. I am considering to do a job for a year or so before applying for MBA. What are the types of jobs Im eligible for Are there any courses that I could do to increase my employability. Application of Harmonic Mean using R and Python. Indias Tata Steel to Shut Some Operations in UK 400 Jobs at Stake. Amazing efficiency of the passport process: I had an appointment to renew my passport today and I am in awe of how seamless and efficient the entire process was right from applying online to scheduling an appointment and the appointment itself. The online application appointment taking and payment process took me about 1015 minutes and was very easy. And the entire process in the passport office took me probably less than 20 minutes and they even were very patient when I did not have photocopies of a couple of documents. For 50 rupees extra I subscribed for SMS updates which has updated me about an hour back that my passport has been printed and despatched along with the speed post tracking number. How did this process become so efficient unlike other government process How can we get the same efficiency in other government processes also. Indias Contentious Citizen Register Attacked From All Sides. Eight core sectors growth slows to 2.1 in July. Performance of Eight Core Industries stood at 2.1 in July 2019 as compared to 7.3 in July 2018. Closer To Moon. Lander Vikram Separates From Chandrayaan 2 Orbiter. Divas In 50 Shades Of Green. Salman Khan Vs Shahrukh Khan Rap Battle. Dammed and mined Narmada River can no longer support her people. Pachtaoge Arijit Singh Bada Pachtaoge Bada Pachtaoge New Hindi Sad Songs 2019 ARIJIT SINGH. Tabrez Ansaris killing Land of blood and shame.. Buy Sakura Cherry Blossom Turban Cute Headbands for Adults Joey ampamp Pooh. Pakistan Grants Consular Aid to Indian Facing Death Penalty. Cow attacks BJP MP Liladhar Vaghela 2 ribs broken admitted to ICU. Indians on Mars . To combat the nonexistent economic slowdown FM announces new measures Connect all social media profiles with Adhaar /s: MASTER STROKE. Ram Dass Is Ready to Die. [NP] Devs of /r/India how do I get into machine learning: I am a Java dev and I feeling left out by all the machine learning courses that people are taking around me. I want to jump into that and see whats in the market. But I will never get a job in this area without any experience. How do I get experience first Where do I start Have any of you changed your specialty like this. Indian Moon Missions Landing Module Separates From Orbiter. Sand art on Ganesh chaturthi. My Tuk Tuk doesnt lie .... For Images Of Roti With Salt Served At UP School Case Against Journalist. Join our Retail http//Networkaapka.store http//bit.ly/2jSv9cF We encourage small entrepreneurs and businessmen from FMCG Pharma Telecom Services or any other products and service sectors to join us either as a Retailer Distributor or Super Distributor.. RampAW threw out monarchy in Nepal reveals exspl director. Islam religion of peace nothing to do with terror Imran Khan. Ranu Mondal Viral Song Ranu Mondal Vs Neha Kakkar Ranu Mondal Himesh Rashmiya. 73yearold Dr Deven Dutta served community even after retirement Assam mob thanked him by lynching him to death. iPhone 11 Release Date Apple will launch iPhone on Sept. 10. At eachothers throats: [removed]. VMart to hire 2000 people invest Rs 115 cr for 60 new stores backend support in FY20. Russia to train four Indian astronauts for Gaganyaan. Indias Bumrah Thanks Kohli for Review Call After HatTrick. NRAI hits out at Zomato for intentions to introduce its gold programme to delivery vertical. For Images Of Roti With Salt Served At UP School Case Against Journalist In its complaint the Block Education Officer of the area has accused the journalist Pawan Jaiswal and a representative of the local village head of being a part of a conspiracy to defame the Uttar Pradesh government.. Journalist Who Broke Story of Salt Roti Being Served as Midday Meal in UP Booked for Criminal Conspiracy. Economic Slowdown Usual During Months Of Saawan Bhado Sushil Modi. Jinson Johnson wins silver in Berlin qualifies for World Championships. With meticulous planning mass arrests and torture Kashmirs autonomy was lost. How many of you here are aware of CNC machines and or use them : If you use them today where did you buy it from and at what price Also what are the strengths or weaknesses of this device that you are using Do you wish it would do something that it doesnt do today If you are not aware https//www.youtube.com/watchv1aZWUNZs8p0. Open Letter about dhols and noise pollution to all Ganpati devotees and those organizing public Ganesh mandals and stalls: I and some of my friends are very allergic to high decibel sounds and Im sure many of you must be too. Besides there are a lot of old aged and hospitalized people around your vicinity especially in a congested place like Mumbai Pune and Nasik. So I humbly request you to keep the use of dhols to a minimum preferably not more than a few minutes and ideally not at all Dhols create thumping and roaring sounds which arent good for your auditory health. And in many cases these sounds are amplified using loud speakers which can be even more disastrous. This is just a simple request from a humble soul. Jai Hind amp Jai Maharashtra. Is there a website where you can build your PC online and have them assemble it for you: I know I can buy all the components myself and assemble them but I really dont have enough time to figure out all the technical details Is there a reliable website where you can build your PC that they will assemble and deliver. Lata Mangeshkar Romantic OLD Jhankar Hindi Movie Song. I would like to wish all my Hindu friends HAPPY GANESH CHATHURTHI . Random Daily Discussion Thread September 02 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Its a great season. Weekly photography thread thread September 02 2019: This is a weekly scheduled thread for all the image submissions. Please share a photo that you have clicked or found interesting. Want to share your images when this thread isnt stickied Join our Discord server. We have a separate channel pictures exclusively for image submissions. [Previous threads.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqWeeklyphotographythreadamprestrictsronampsortnewamptall. Weekly financial advice thread September 02 2019: Weekly thread for everything related to Indian banking investments and insurance. This thread will be posted on every Wednesday from now on instead of Monday. You can discuss about banking tips queries recommendations on investments banking products accounts credit cards insurance and security tips. Ask for help if you are facing any problems and need legal help. Also checkout our friendly neighborhood sub r/IndiaInvestments and r/LegalAdviceIndia. Want to discuss about financial advice when this thread isnt stickied Join our [Discord]https//discord.gg/6V29X7f server. We have a separate channel financialadvice exclusively for this topic. [Previous threads.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqWeeklyFinancialAdviceThreadamprestrictsronampsortnewamptall. This Jack Daniels says LYNCH burg....am I missing something PS I am drunk. Nidahas Trophy 2018 Final Match Final Over India vs Bangladesh. Las principales noticias del lunes. Hindi English Remix Mix Songs Mashup New Hit Mashup Song Bollywood And Hollywood Romantic Mashup. Tamil New Full HD Songs New Tamil Hit Songs Full HD 1080p . India Close In on Series Sweep of West Indies. Hindi new Notun gaan 2019. New Hit Hindi Songs Of This Week August 302019 Hit Hindi Songs Latest Hindi Songs 2019. Kashmiri Militant Calls for Pakistan Military Intervention in Disputed Region. Railway RRB NTPC Admit Card 2019. Hindi 2018 gaan. Where and how can I get lamb meat in Mumbai: Goat meat in India is called Mutton but I am looking for Lamb meat. How do I get it. Clean Bandit Symphony feat. Zara Larsson [Official Video]. Assam to move Supreme Court for NRC reverification in select districts Technical flaws may have caused exclusion of Bengali Hindu refugees says State Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.. Best Bollywood Songs 2019/New Romantic Hindi Songs 2019 September/Latest Indian Songs 2019 September. Hilfort Palace Hyderabad Community cleanup drive: [The Team]https//i.imgur.com/SyeYTEI.jpg September 1 2019 Just when the Govt of Telangana was eyeing on destroying the heritage of Hyderabad and sought for the destruction of Errum Manzil we the citizens took a first step and portrayed how we value our culture and history. Hillfort Palace also known as The Ritz Hotel was disregarded to such an extent that it had become one of the favourite spots for shooting a horror movie. One of the most lively places in Hyderabad was dying under the Govts watch when citizens of Hyderabad took up responsibility for reviving our own heritage. Under the management of Hyderabad Heritage Trust the incredible transformation of the Hillfort Palace pre and post the Cleanup Drive was nothing but magical. Just over a 100 people turned up chose their implements and like clockwork methodically went about transforming the palace and its grounds. No fuss no confusion. Just groups of people seriously doing their bit. The entire program was funded by Hyderabadis and completed all tasks in 8 hours flat. Incredible achievement yet more to come.. Explained What is the economics behind evehicle batteries The Hindu. Eastern Railway Ticket Clerk amp Junior Clerk Online Form 2019. [NP] Tilting the scales Obesity is growing among women and girls in urban India. Indian Reditt. Pakistan will grant consular access to Kulbhushan Jadhav on September 2. Beauty Pandey BHOJPURI VIDEO SONGS 2018. Cut from the same cloth. What has the Modi government done against Muslims: Being a muslim no one in my family likes Modi. The Gujarat riots are the main reason everyone brings up to hate him specifically. The BJPs divisive politics is well known and the speeches of many BJP leaders confirm their hate for Muslims. But I want to know apart from the Kashmir issuesince theres no solid proof of whats happening there what has the Modi government done against Muslims until now. BJP shows how EVMs can be tampered with. The fck is going on in India Class 1 student Seriously.  Aaini Bangal Se Bhojpuri Latest Video Song 2017 Khusboo Uttam. Ganesh Chaturthi 2019. BMC approves felling of around 3000 trees in Mumbai Aarey Forest.: As if we dont already have enough enviromental problems. Many have claimed that the metro project is just the coverup. Government wants to build offices multi story buildings highways which will ultimately result in toll tax and what not. Why dont these dicks understand one thing is that it will cause even more problems down the road. This is a kind of prime example of what happens when they forcefully try to set societies in areas where the conditions are not optimal. They are usually the areas which get flooded and then cause millions worth of damages every fucking year. I am not from Mumbai but I do understand whats going to happen. In 2019 only till june people were not getting enough water to even drink or for basic needs. Now there are floods in almost every state in India and has caused damage to crores worth of property. Found this article here https//www.newsclick.in/aareyforestbmcapprovesfellingtrees Basically whats happening is govt officials are taking bribe from builders and cutting down trees. Citizens are the only ones who seems to care about it and NGOs who keep plating them just for govt to cut them down. The article also mentions that this project will require 50000 litres worth of fresh underground water everyday. Paani vapis kon daalega Inka baap. government has proved you dont need scams to tank the economy.. Hindi DJ gaan. lta hrefhttps//computernetworksite.blogspot.com/2019/09/cathodraytube.htmlm0/CRT/gtCRTlt/agt. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Every Third Indian Cop Thinks Mob Violence Over Cow Slaughter Is Natural New Survey. Kashmir is internationalised. Chandrayaan2 enters Moons circular orbit landerrover separation on Monday..  Amma Song Amma Special Song Telugu 2019 Most Emotional Mother Song Telugu. ET NOW on Twitter AutoSales Maruti Suzukis passenger car sales down 42.2 at 65993 units Vs 1.14 lakh units YoY. Alert This is a worst ever drop in the sales by Maruti. MarutiCorp. China using its surveillance ships near Andaman and Nicobar to spy on Indian naval bases.. I have lost even the reservelevel hope left for this country after reading the comments. Is anyone familiar with TIBCO: I have an interview with TIBCO. Some knowledge about the company will be immensely helpful. If anyone know about them. Please comment. Your Thoughts about Cauvery Calling. I tried a different kind of invitation for Ganesh Chaturthi. Automobile industry melting. Soft playful voices. I am attending a Hindu Wedding tonight as part of the grooms party. What songs should I learn the dances to: Better late than never right upvotes for youtube links. How the American dream is souring for many Indian IT workers. Delhi Engineer Turns Urban Kisan Earns Rs 40K/Day From Organic Farming. Explained Where do the RBIs earnings come from The Hindu. How Government is Incorporating Data Science Analytics Insight. Indian food fourth most popular in the world a study of cuisine trade finds. What does justice mean for a teenaged nun killed 27 years ago in Kerala. Where can I design and sell T shirts in India Iam looking for websites and any offline stores.: I see a lot of websites which offer to printed custom designed Ts but all these appears to be outside India. Any recommendation of desi websites. BJP MP talks about cancer cure. BJP Bhakts should only eat the formula suggested by the intellectual Sadhvi. Someone should show this clip at Modis speech in the US.. Bibek Debroy speaks at the India Economic Conclave 2019 ET NOW. Woman asked to remove hijab by posh Hyderabad pub no for kurtis sarees as well. The unpleasant incident has also brought up the issue of unusually stringent rules set by pubs without taking religious or cultural sentiments into consideration.. Keralas new governor had walked out of Rajiv Gandhis cabinet over Shah Bano case batted for triple talaq abolition Arif Mohammad Khan had in 1986 walked out when the govt gave into pressure from the clergy amp reversed Supreme Courts Shah Bano verdict granting alimony to a divorced Muslim woman. Doctor 73 Beaten To Death By Tea Garden Workers In Assam NDTV. Doctor 73 Beaten To Death By Tea Garden Workers In Assam NDTV: Reason He was late to the clinic which resulted in the death of a fellow employee. If youre looking for writers: If any of you guys are looking for writers for free theres a website made by bunch of college kids where theyll write articles for you for free hoping to land a job if they impress you enough. So Yeah a guy I know super talented and writes great content and a friend of mine asked me if I know some people who could use their skills so Im just putting it here in case any of you need it. https//www.chiliesandpepper.com/post/freearticles. How to solve stray dog/cattle problem in Indian cities: If Im not wrong many cities see multiple traumatic injuries accidents and even deaths every day due to this menace. The problem of stray dogs is mostly that of breeding and garbage both seem very hard to solve if left to the government. Is it even practical to sterilize all stray dogs The problem of stray cattle is mostly due to old cattle being an economic burden but not led to a butcher house because of cultural and legal issues around cows. There are rarely any stray buffaloes. Has there been any debate in any significant municipal state or central forum. I dont know what to make of this the sex ratio in India is messed up I agree but how is increasing the cow population going to help. Why Modinomics Will Cull The Weak And The Unviable Leaving India Stronger. West Bengal District Wise Per Capita Income 201314 Current Prices. Taliban Attack Second Afghan City in 2 Days as Peace Deal Nears. WORLD Famous HINDI GAAN. Deeply concerned about Kashmir situation says US Senator Bernie Sanders. Insane people twitter. Gamers of r/India Is a PlayStation Plus subscription worth it: Basically what the title says. What all can I expect after shelling out that money. How India secretly armed Afghanistans Northern Alliance. I have completed my BCA. What should I do next Should I do MCA or go for a bootcamp: I am very passionate about android development but I dont think Ill get time to focus on that if I go for MCA. But if I go for a bootcamp and then if I fail I wont have a good degree to fall back on. So should I go for passion or should I play safe There are some free bootcamps that get you placed and then take a cut of 15 from your salary for a couple of years. Some of these bootcamps are masaischool.com pesto.tech altcampus.io What do you guys think of these bootcamps. Amazone prime membership renewal: Did anybody renew they annual amazon prime membership recently whats the annual charge Any offers or cashback Kindly share your experience.. Slowdown not severe will commission new plant by 2020 Maruti Suzuki MD. If i didnt have Virat Kohli supporting me I dont know what would I have done. Indian tennis player who qualified for US open thanking the VK Foundation. Xpost from r/cricket. As per new GDP measure UPA decade growth revised up to 8.12 hit 10 in 200607 NDA panel. Do they give leave to you in Income Tax Inspector Job for pursuing some academic course : One of my friend is joining as Income Tax Inspector this year . But he is also interested in doing 3 year LLB course . He wants to know if he can get leave from the job for 3 years to pursue the course . He will be okay even if the leave is unpaid as he already has lots of savings to survive for 3 years.. GDP Growth Rate of 5 is Signal of A Prolonged Slowdown Manmohan Singh. If IMA is really concerned about Kashmir why hasnt it criticised Srinagar doctors arrest By condemning a perfectly reasonable editorial in The Lancet the Indian Medical Association was feeding the jingoistic mood that has gripped the country.. Manmohan Singh blames all round mismanagement by Modi govt for economic slowdown. Modi 2.0 100 days What India is saying online. SexSorted Semen Doses For Cows To Ensure Female Calve Birth Minister. Lukochurii Bengali Comedy Movie Jisshu Rudranil. Okay you win Steam. How has the recent rise in smartphone accessibility affected your family life: So I was sitting with my parents this morning. I noticed how as I try to get away from technology or social media specifically my parents have started to trump me in smartphone usage. My mom was trying to show me something on Facebook while I was just sitting there not tapping away on my phone I said I dont wanna see it cause it was some dumb ad or something which pissed her off. She got angry cause I didnt care for what she was trying to show me meanwhile I just wanted to spend some quality time not stare at her while she was on Facebook. Funny how my ScreenOnTime is usually like 5 hrs in 3640 hrs while my Moms at 6 in under 18hrs. Yet I get scolded for being on my phone all the time. Maybe this is just a phase just like I had mine 89 years ago when I got a facebook account.... Teri Meri Kahani Full Song By Ranu Mondal Ranu Mondal New Song with Himesh Reshammiya official. Toyota Vellfire MPV Launch Expected Soon In India. Himesh Reshammiya Latest Songs Latest Bollywood Romantic Hindi Songs Himesh Reshammiya New Hits. How India secretly armed Afghanistans Northern Alliance. UPSC exam preparation Bhopal woman seeks divorce as husband is busy preparing for UPSC exam. Restaurant bodys knives still out for Zomato[np]. IIT Bombay students slam HRD minister for scientific blasphemy. Uttar Pradesh District Wise Per Capita Income Current Prices 201415. Modi to get Russias highest award earlier given to Xi. sangeeta khanna book pakodas A book now explores Indias passion for pakodas. Weekly mental health support thread September 01 2019: Anything that you want to get off your chest be it heartbreak abuse depression sorrow career or education related behavioural changes etc. Share it here. You may find someone who went through a similar episode and will be able to help/guide you. Please be civil and maintain reddiquette while participating or replying/helping out someone. Heres an article on [What should I do if I see someone who is talking about suicide or selfharm on the site]https//www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/rulesreporting/accountandcommunityrestrictions/whatshouldidoifiseesomeonewho Also please join our [Discord]https//discord.gg/6V29X7f server to discuss on this we have a separate channel mentalhealth exclusively for this topic. [Previous threads.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/search/qWeekly20mental20health20support20threadamprestrictsr1ampsortnew. Hong Kong police clash with protesters. Is your country really about to start a genocide against Muslims: I just heard about India starting to build prisons for the Muslims there. Is this true. Devil Full Video Sony Maan Ft. Mukh Mantri Latest Punjabi Songs 2019 62 west Studio. MODIs HYPOCRISY on Indian Muslims amp Secularism YouTube. Teri Meri Kahani Full Song Ranu Mondal amp Himesh Reshammiya Extended Version Teri Meri Kahani. HatTrick Man Bumrah Earns High Praise From West Indies. LATEST HINDI SONGS Hindi Heart ToUching Songs 2019 NeW Bollywood SOngs InDiAn 2019. Is it common in India to message random people on Facebook to make friends: Or only to friends of friends Or none Sorry if the question sounds stupid.. Countries that recognise Bangladesh genocide of 1971. Nonbailable warrant issued against Congress leader Renuka Chowdhury in cheating case. Need help with my gf.: So I am in the Army posted at a high altitude place without network. I started dating this girl 4 months back and we got along fine and things were getting serious. When we met she had broken up with her ex who was kind of verbally abusive towards her. This break up was 3 months before we met. Her ex had met her family and all but they arent a huge fan of his. Now she hadnt told her family about the breakup and i got introduced as a good friend. Her mother still thinks she is dating her ex and she is scared of breaking the news to her. She is now considering returning to her ex just to avoid the drama with her mum. Im not sure what to do here. Her aunt and sister are very supportive of me and keep trying to convince her in my favour but i dont want it to be a forced relationship. I dont want to lose her too.. Baby Ko Bass Pasand Hai Full Song Sultan Salman Khan Anushka Sharma Vishal Badshah. I have an African friend she is from Kenya she and her friend were told to come to India to work when they arrived they had their passports taken and now have been told they must prostitute themselves to pay their debt before they give them their passports back: I just want to know how I can help her. She and her friends are locked in during the way and allowed out at night to find customers and must bring money back by the following morning. So I feel she has a good chance to get out of this situation but any advice will help. She has had her phone taken off her already but can WhatsApp on her laptop. Her friend still has a phone. I am thinking to suggest she takes an Uber the next time a customer has taken her to his house when she will he away from the madam boss who keeps an eye on them when they are on the street waiting for customers But I dont know how India works I am from Europe. She said the police require you to carry your passport at all times and is scared. The police have already beaten her because they suspected she was working as a prostitute on the street this is why they took her phone off her. I am wandering if she can get to a Kenyan Embassy in Delhi can they help her. Not Oxford English antiModi stand helped CongressUDF victory Muraleedharan attacks Shashi Tharoor. Bumrah Bags HatTrick for India Against West Indies. Looking for a old folk tale who wrote it which part of India is it from Summary of story in the details / any links. Please help: Summary A lady marries the wind and gives birth to the sun and moon. There are only twigs to eat so the mother invents fruit rice etc to feed her children. Other humans get jealous and burn down their farm. The sparkles from the fire reach the sky and they become the stars. The mother asks the sun and moon to go live in the sky so that they are safe from the humans. I heard about this some thing ago trying to find out more details and am having no luck help please. Raatporir Rupkatha Bengali Movie Jackie Shroff Indrani Haldar Rudranil Ghosh. Queensland extinguishes native title over Indigenous land to make way for Adani coalmine. Pakistan man who forcibly converted amp married Sikh girl part of Hafiz Saeeds JuD. NRC final list BJP worried over exclusion of Hindus inclusion of illegal Bangladeshi Muslims. Man Gets 30 Months in Prison for Role in 20M Ponzi Scheme. Old Is Gold DJ Hindi Songs Collection 90s Best Hindi DJ Mix Songs Old Hindi Songs Remix. Top Hits Best Songs of 2019 English Songs of Poular Songs Collection Todays Hits 2019. TN govt. introduces Vinayaka idols that grows into plants. Parables For Your Grandchildren Parables from religious traditions survive because they give hope. What is happening in India today is not something that can lend itself to any parable.  Ranu Mandal Ranu mondal Live PerformanceRanu Mondal Live Salman. GATE 2020 application form released by IIT Delhi Check how to apply eligibility exam pattern. What is the best mobile network provider in Dibrugarh Assam: I recently moved to Dibrugarh and noticed that in my area the suburbs jio 4g is really unstable and speeds are very low. I have an airtel sim too and that appears to be faster. My friend from Guwahati says Jio is pretty shit there too coz of more users he uses airtel. So is anyone here from dibrugarh and can tell me whats the most stable 4g mobile network here. India to get Swiss banking details of its nationals from tomorrow. Top Bollywood New Songs 2019 Indian New Songs Romantic Hindi Songs. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. I have an opportunity to do a part time. My concern is can my current employee find out about part time using TDS or form 16.: Pretty much the title. I would really appreciate r/india help on it. Thanks in advance.. Anxiety issues [R]: Im anxious a lot and this affects my everyday life. Im always self conscious to the point of it being detrimental. Could anyone suggest if they found something helpful Are there any OTC medicines that can lower it. Sahu Movie Producer Got Big Shock Movie leaked Online. HDIL files for insolvency [R]. A List of Citizens in India Leaves Nearly 2 Million People Off and in Limbo. India wants me to die. I wont die that easy Pak minister after being electrocuted at rally. Uber guy has a strong message for everyone. A stormy afternoon in Kudle Beach: [deleted]. Indias rush for nuclear power may destroy Nallamala forest ecosystem.. Assam NRC Final List Conspiracy To Keep Hindus Out Assam BJP Leaders Unhappy With NRC List. In IAS training academy women civil servants are seen by male colleagues as husbandhunters. Honest question Does wearing genuine leather bother Indians in the office in America/etc : Hi I work with a lot of Indians who have lived in America for 20 years now. I am new at the office and get along with them really well they are quite smart and experienced programmers. I know one of them is a vegetarian. My question is this I have a nice fancy Automatic watch with an obviously real leather black strap. Does this bother Indians Also we have a cafe that serves beef would it be offensive to bring back any beef to my cubicle and eat it there No this is not a troll post. Just trying to make sure my time at this office is professional and considerate.. 65yearold shopkeeper killed by terrorists in Parimpora area of Srinagar search underway. Abduction of Pakistani Sikh Woman India Calls for Immediate Remedial Action. Satire Judging by the ways the Governor and Govt are Behaving Kashmir Appears to be BJP Property. Arun Jaitleys Statue Will Be Installed In Bihar Nitish Kumar. Retired Army Officer Mohammad Sanaullah not in NRC Final List Says expected the same. Hooliganism by abvp goons in ambedkar university delhi.: [removed]. BJP Leader Mahesh Chand Sharma Booked for Sexual Harassment of Daughterinlaw. Top English Songs 2019 Best Pop Songs Collection Popular Songs 2019. CAT Preparation tips: Does anyone have any tips any sites I should visit any book recommendations or anything useful. Even some motivational words would be great. Not sure if this is the right reddit page to post this but I couldnt find any page specific to CAT.. Kerala Class 7 student pregnant teacher accused of rape. Kahen Ankhian Bangla Songs 2014 Hot Bengali Hot Songs Couple Taking Bath MMS leaked. Amaravati Andhra Pradesh govt to paint panchayat buildings in party colours. The colour scheme of the panchayat buildings is similar to the YSR Congress Partys YSRCP flag colours.. Assam NRC Final List 2019 out What next for the 19 lakh excluded. Chandrayaan 2 completes fourth lunar orbit manoeuvre What next. Subramanian Swamy speak to NewsX on economy slowdown and its repercussions NewsX. Does anyone know any verified organisation that helps people who have survived from Sexual Assault: So I got my first Salary and I want to donate some of it to a trusted organisation that helps people who have survived from Sexual Assault. I dont particularly have any insight on who to donate and I dont want to get scammed by donating to some shady organisation. Any help would be appreciated on recommending some information about the same.. Woman Leaves Husband Who Was Obsessed With UPSC Exam Ignored Her. Do stand on the left side of the escalators and while moving keep to the right Yeah I dont think anyone follows that xD Was reading DMRC guidelines just like that and noticed the fourth point. I have to say excuse me or cut through the gap everytime I am in a hurry haha.. Help designing graphics clip: Hi I need to make a savethedate clip for my brothers wedding and I wanted to talk to someone in graphics and animations to discuss and consult. Anyone willing to chat in pms or anywhere else Thanks. Nadia Comaneci Praises School Kids Performing Gymnastics Moves On Street. History related questions: A history question. After the divide of the British Raj. What was the reason behind drawing lahore out of Indian borders It was never predominantly Muslim it had Hindus and Sikhs too. Wouldnt the city fair better had it been in India today economy wise I see no issue with Muslims Sikhs and Hindus of lahore living in peace after all the city was all about businesses and production. People there were more about working hard in a business oriented society. Seems odd its not in india. Did lahore evee get to choose which country they wanted to join. 7090 of Indians including 84 pregnant women and 88 Mumbaikars are Vitamin D deficient Study. BJP Delhi Chief Manoj Tiwari National Register of Citizens NRC is needed in Delhi as situation is becoming dangerous. Illegal immigrants who have settled here are the most dangerous we will implement NRC here as well. https//t.co/3T2kEogFP5. For Dogs Sake A practical solution for animal cruelty Sally Varma TEDxThiruvananthapuram. New Income Tax laws 7 changes in income tax laws that come into effect from Sept 1. PakistaniAmerican planned attacks in New York on behalf of ISIS US official. There used to be a Bournvita quiz show hosted by Derek o brien: I wonder why it was cancelled. Are there any other shows similar to this one I have this Boyrnvita quiz book set and i was wondering Are there any good quiz books now. Its antiMuslim Four things youve heard about NRC that arent strictly true. NRC final list published. Harassment of public continues.: The Assam Govt. struggles to come up with enough resources to deal with the annual floods that affect lakhs and lakhs of its population. But has enough resources to waste on a racist xenophobic exercise such as the NRC. And even after wasting so much resources it manages to screw up royally by tagging people whose 7 generations have been born and brought up in the country as foreigners even those that arent ethnically Bangladeshi. My step mother who hails from West Bengal has been rejected in the NRC list even though every possible documentation was provided to prove that her ancestors have been residing in West Bengal India for generations. Now we have to waste time and resources to appeal to the Foreigners Tribunal being set up for the 19lakh applicants rejected in a period of 120 days. Failing which the rejected applicants face the risk of being detained at a detention centre indefinitely because there is no provision for deporting them either. Not that deporting people to a country they or their parents never saw or lived in makes any sense whatsoever. But guess who pays for the maintenance of the detention centers The government What exactly is the point of this elaborate senseless illogical exercise Waste as much resources you can to placate the xenophobic masses nothing else.. Pakistan Abducted Sikh girl returns to her parents say police 8 arrested Times of India. Married redditors Is it worth having a child in India if youre a middle class man: Seems like a rhetorical question but just hear me out. Im a middle class man with a middle class income. Schools are getting expensive day/day and so is the food fuel and the air quality is getting worse. With the rise in competition most kids experience unhealthy levels of stress. Buying a house is out of question and the rent is increasing exponentially. I dont want to bring a child into a world where he/she has to slug their ass to get a decent degree and then for the next 25 years slug their ass again just to earn enough to survive their retirement. I mean think about it. You cant make a decent living unless you have a masters degree and even after that theres no guarantee that youd be making good money. So my question is that when it comes to having a child all I see are cons. Is there any pros I understand having that little soul in your arms peacefully sleeping is a feeling everyone should experience it does bother me to because I have to provide them and the thought that I might not be able to scares the shit out of me. Are there any pros that Im missing out on. What happened to Make in India campaign: Has it ended That lion logo is also not seen nowadays. Can anyone throw some more light on this.. India Leaves Nearly Two Million People Off Citizens List Fate Uncertain. NIA misreads blood test as hawala summons top cardiologist India News The Indian Express: He transferred INR 3 to Kashmiri separatist... How could he. Bengaluru Artist Claims Saaho Poster Copied From Her Burning Man Art Installation. Om Gan Ganapataye Namaha 108 Times Ganesh Mantra Ganesh Mantra By Suresh Wadkar. HINDI SONGS 2019 Latest Bollywood Remix Songs 2019 New Hindi Remix Songs 2019 September. Kargil Set to Protest Against Revocation of Special Status to JampK NewsClick. NRC List LIVE Over 19 Lakh Excluded from Final National Register of Citizens in Assam nrcassam.nic.in Down Amid Rush. Today my father forwarded me an extended version of KNOWLEDGE96 msg: Very interesting If A 1 B 2 C 3 D 4 E 5 F 6 G 7 H 8 I 9 J 10 K 11 L 12 M 13 N 14 O 15 P 16 Q 17 R 18 S 19 T 20 U 21 V 22 W 23 X 24 Y 25 Z 26. Then HARDWORK 8118423151811 98 KNOWLEDGE 11141523125475 96 LOVE 1215225 54 LUCK 1221311 47 None of them makes 100. Then what makes 100 Is it Money . . . NO MONEY 131514525 72 Leadership . . . NO LEADERSHIP 12514518198916 97 Every problem has a solution only if we perhaps change our ATTITUDE... ATTITUDE 120209202145 100 It is therefore OUR ATTITUDE towards Life and Work that makes OUR Life 100 Successful. Amazing mathematics With each alphabet getting a number in chronological order as above study the following and bring down the total to a single digit and see the result yourself Hindu S h r e e K r i s h n a 198185511189198141 135 135 9 Muslim M o h a m m e d 131581131354 72 72 9 Jain M a h a v i r 1318122918 72 72 9 Sikh G u r u N a n a k 721182114114111 108 108 9 Parsi Z a r a t h u s t r a 261181208211920181 153 153 9 Buddhist G a u t a m 712120113 63 63 9 Christian E s a M e s s i a h 51911351919918 99 9918 18 9 Each one ends with number 9 THAT IS NATURES CREATION TO SHOW THAT GOD IS ONE who ever created this msgs great..... msg plz share it to all ur friends. Sikh Girl Allegedly Kidnapped In Pakistan Returns To Family 8 Arrested. Ek Ta Ma Baari Bhojpuri Nirgun By Madan Rai [Full Song] I Ke Tohra Sang Jaai. Why the government just accepted 5 growth: This is weird they normally dont do that with any topic n look weak.. Get ready to say goodbye to Rs 5 trillion economy Subramanian Swamy on economic slowdown. The New York Times Imran Khan The World Cant Ignore Kashmir. We Are All in Danger..: The New York Times Imran Khan The World Cant Ignore Kashmir. We Are All in Danger.. https//www.nytimes.com/2019/08/30/opinion/imrankhankashmirpakistan.html. Andhra Pradesh assembly polls 61 MLAs with criminal cases 103 garner over 50 votes.. 150 dogs poisoned some buried alive by Hyderabad Municipal GHMC Animal rights activists allege. The dog carcasses were thrown into a pit that was kept ready. Some of the dogs were still alive and one managed to escape an eyewitness said.. Helpmy credit score is low unable to apply loan or credit card: So recently i applied for credit card and they said i have some loan/credit bill pending. I downloaded my credit report from CIBIL and its showing my score as 633. Further my first credit card account is showing as written off in 2014. So the thing was they were charging me for renewal of credit card but as i was outside of the country i asked them to please cancel it. I did call them and they said that i have to send my card back. But my card was also going to expire in 2 months so i just emailed them the same. I didnt received any further correspondence from them hence i thought the issue was resolved. But guess the issue wasnt resolved. Now can you all please help me in getting this sorted and making me creditworthy. You can check my credit report here https//imgur.com/IMd6tPf. Almost Every World Leader Has Discussed Yoga With Me PM Modi. Feedback requested Stem cell therapy for Arthritis: Am looking for feedback from anyone or your relatives who has undergone stem cell therapy in lieu of knee replacement. Whats your experience been Where did you get it done How much did it costand most importantly Has it been effective. Scenes after heavy snowfall at Bharati Station Antarctica. The Lost Decade What went wrong with the Indian economy between 200818. Odisha engineering graduate becomes Indias firstever gold medallist in World Skill Contest. Maroon 5 Ed Sheeran Taylor Swift Adele Sam Smith Justin Bieber Best English Songs 2019. BREAKING The abducted amp converted Pakistani SikhGirl JagjitKaur was headed over to her parents. Her return was possible after the intervention Pak Min For Interior Brig R Ijaz Ahmad Shah. The police arrested about eight persons including the father of Mo.Hassaan.. First Video recording with sound of Mumbai. I want to discuss on Indian education system and the mindset of the people.: So pretty much the title. Im an B.com student and Im very much interested in programming and want to learn it in my free time. So I was in search of a mentor. And luckily found a nice one but when I asked him if he would help me with this then he told me that its of no use unless you have a degree in that field. He suggested me that I should not learn programming and should focus on my studies only. This made me very sad and Im losing interest eventually. Is this the reality of India Do people with degrees actually succeed Even if yes why the people discourage others who are interested PS edits are welcomed.. [ThroneThought] Since Modijis govt has advised NHAI to start privately owned Highways a.k.a. Turnpikes can advisors of govt further jog their super brain and privatise the administration a.k.a. DEPUTY COMMISSIONER and other paraphernalia of traditional govt office in cities and districts....: Since most employees of these TOWN Halls and SECRETARIATs are heavy burden on the state and central exchequer why not privatise these jobs too... Also FM if youre reading this levy a tax 18 to 28 on top of facilitation fee for works and services provided to citizens.. Aankh Maare Simmba Full Song Aankh Mare Ladki Aankh Mare Remix Ranveer Singh Neha Kakkar. First talks after JampampK move India Pakistan make progress on Kartarpur. India Pak. to join SAARC event in U.S.. Praner Cheye Priyo Bengali Movie Prosenjit Rituparna Sengupta. Growth in free fall ugly economic data Modis banking reform push amp two bits of good news on YouTube. Samba Natthu Cheran Pandiyan 1080p HD Video Song. Garam Hawa Film Movie Plot and Review. Dhoom Machale Dhoom Full Song DHOOM3 Katrina Kaif Aditi Singh Sharma. WhatsApp job offer messages legit: I know they are mostly not when they just describe Salary and 10th pass requirement. But my senior citizen parents dont understand my lack of trust in such messages. They are suffering from WhatsApp cockiness. And they think km being a fool to miss out on such jobs Fuck me. Arghh. How do I get them to understand. The H.M.S. Terror Sank in the 1840s. See What It Looks Like Now.. The unbiased explanation of Article 370 and what happened in the past.. Le photo le photo le photo le Hindi gaan 1. How are you all not scared shitless: I am not talking about the cow dung fan club. I am talking about the rest of you who have the rare ability to see beyond Modis latest yoga pose. I am the only one who sees this slowdown is not cyclical Does truly no one believe that this is the beginnings of a structural downturn that will if it hasnt already soon lead to negative quarterly GDP growth rate. I am terrified of what the post Diwali data will say. I am now an athiest who caught himself saying a silent prayer today. In that sense truly Modi Hai to Munkin Hai. Tired Boye at IGI Airport. Best English Songs 2019 Hits Popular Songs 2019 Hits Pop Songs World 2019. Woman Accuses BJP UP Mahila Morcha Chiefs Son Of Rape. Bengali Snacks Concentrated on a Jackson Heights Block. What should I get my former professors for Teachers Day: I graduated in 2015 and Ive only gotten to where I am today due to my former professors. I am SO confused as to what I should get them I havent done this since 2016 so it better be something good lol. Id like to get my final year profs 2 of them something really nice. My budget is 2000. Does anyone have some nice recommendations FWIW theyre both female. Id also like to get my other professors 6 or so of them something too but the budget here is around 300. Ill probably go with a chocolate hamper or something of that sort.. Executive Decision Government Trusts Bureaucrats Over Businessmen Kiran Mazumdar Shaw To NDTV. [P]Bombay HC judge in Vernon Gonsalves case clarifies War and Peace referred to was Biswajit Roys not Tolstoys. Heres a thought.: Anyone else feel that the timing of the banking reforms announcement and the GDP data release was too close to be true Essentially the finance minister avoided all the tough questions and ran out before the GDP release happened.. Imran Khan warns of direct military confrontation with India if world ignores Kashmir. Amarinder Singh Tweets Imran Khan On Sikh Teens Alleged Abduction In Pak. Friendly Reminder: Month of the Ganesh festival is upon us. I think it is a opportunity to be a good soldier for mother earth and show respect to her. This is our chance to stop water and noise pollution in its tracks it comes once in a year. We can deal with the air pollution and noise pollution on Diwali later. Let us make everyone aware of the dangers of pollution. If all goes well I will take every upvoter to Australia trip on the new years eve. Its amazing that time around. Brilliant fireworks and I know a funky desi dhaba there that serves some fantastic Indian style beef parotta.. Here we go again: Times of India Indias growth slumps to over 6year low of 5 in June quarter below Chinas. https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/indiasgrowthslumpstoover6yearlowof5injuneqtrbelowchinas/articleshow/70914221.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. Pak minister receives electric shock while speaking against PM Modi. Lost my virginity and I am unsure of my feelings.: Have posted this elsewhere posting it here because I think an Indian audience will relate more with a fellow Indian. Background IM24 have been with my girlfriendF24 for around 1 and a half year now. Our relationship isnt the most stable my GF has anger issues and I am not the most easily forgiving person either. We fight quite a bit. A few weeks ago after a major fight my girlfriend told me lets not commit right now lets see each other but not commit I was okay with that I dont really love her or anything and I keep thinking about other women all the time. Additionally Im a virgin while shes had a relationship before and lost her virginity in that. Ive always wanted to have my first time with a girl I actually loved and cared about and possibly was married to. Weve made out in the past. Indulged in some fingering but that was it. Today we decided to meet for a short while in our favorite spot where we always do. We sat and talked. Long story short one thing led to another and we ended up having sex. Being my first time it was all over in 57 minutes. After I was finished I sat there in a daze. My GF asked for water and wanted to clean up. I sat there as if Id been stupefied. It took her repeating herself thrice before I paid attention to her. Even as I type this it is very difficult for me to come to terms with my feelings about the entire affair. Even after we bid each other goodbye and I walked to my apartment I walked in a daze where I was mechanically doing everything without really thinking about it. I looked around and I literally had trouble perceiving the world. Its like I took in the sights and sounds but my brain wasnt processing them. I feel no joy. I feel no happiness that I had sex barely 2 hours ago. All I feel is a void where some sense of gratification should be. I dont love this girl. We fight so much. And who knows what complications this might lead to. I want some love I want to be able to look into a womans eyes and know shes the one for me as I have sex with her. I dont feel this way about my current gf. And I hate this feeling. This is why I had refused to have sex with her so far. I have never felt so distant from her as I do right after having had sex with her. This is a bad sign right I dont want to say she made me do it. True it was she who took her pants off and pulled me towards her and guided my penis inside her. True but I was there . I could have stopped her. And she probably wouldnt have resisted. I did not. I could have said no but for some reason I didnt. I dont want to pretend like I was forced into sexual activity. I was there with my consent. She is very happy about us finally having sex. I am not. It just feels wrong. I feel like Im making a big deal out of nothing but IDK. Im not sure who to turn to with this. Im a man. Ill probably be told to shut up and be happy im getting action. But I dont feel happy about this. How do I come to terms with my feelings. Mehbooba Mufti Omar Abdullah reject govt offer to end their detention. Bhojpuri ganda gana Bhojpuri ganda video Bhojpuri sabse ganda gana. Cleanliness is the duty of the government What can be possibly added in the favour of this topic: I have a debate competition and I have to go against someone who is going to speak that cleanliness is the responsibility of the society How can I convince the audience that the even if the society wants to help the govt. has to step up and bring a change Please help me out guys.. Zero Deaths in Kashmir Peoples Testimonies Belie Official Claims. Kanbai Geet Uni Uni Mai Bai Kanbai Khandeshi Song Indian Regional Marathi Music. Left Right amp Centre IAS officer on why he resigned from the Coveted Job. Awkward first solo trip..: Im not much of a traveller type. I have only travelled with friends and family. Iav been thinking to do a solo travel just for the heck of ticking it off the bucket list. Im assuming it would be awkward. Just standing at view points alone. Maybe a little scary also. A little stupid also because I might just get lost also. But I just wanna try. So people please suggest me places near Bangalore where you can go for a single day or 2 day trip alone and tell in me detail what to do there. Help me tick off this one in my bucket list without getting killed or molested.. Balmaa Audio Jukebox Ayesha Jhulka Avinash Vadhvan . Kashmir Valley to remain under clampdown for two more months. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. China is at least 34 decades of India in terms of Infrastructure.: I was reading a travel log about China. I was astonished to see level of world class Infra. Bullet trains covering distance of 100 km in 1518 minutes. Compared to China we are lacking far behind.. Growth in free fall ugly economic data Modis banking reform push ampamp two bits of good news. Why is the news all about Pakistan here: I dont avidly watch Hindi news channels but the rare occasions I do get out of my desk and venture out to the unknown land where my mother is watching the news everything is about Pakistan. Did things stop happening in this country. Indias Economic Growth Falls to SixYear Low of 5. Weekly Coders Hackers amp All Tech related thread 30/08/2019: [Last weeks issue 23/08/2019]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/cufjrb [All Threads]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/searchqWeeklyCoders2CHackers26AllTechrelatedthreadauthor3Aavinasshampamprestrictsronampampsortnewampamptall Every week on Friday I will post this thread. Feel free to discuss anything related to hacking coding startups etc. Share your github project show off your DIY project etc. So post anything that interests to hackers and tinkerers. Let me know if you have some suggestions or anything you want to add to OP. The thread will be posted on every Friday 8.30PM.. Delhi Police Team in Civvies Rescued by Cops After Mob Mistakes them for Child Lifters in UP Village. Kandariya Mahadeva Temple at Khajuraho. AirAsia Cuts Airbus A330neo Order Plans Shifts to A321XLR. Need a T Shirt which says Raja Chahiye hi kyu from movie Article 15: Anybody knows where to get it This is such a cool quote. May be tweet it to Director of the movie to get some merch. Mon Bole Priya Priya Bengali Romantic Movie. New Love Dj Remix Whatsapp Status Video Hindi Old Song Remix Love Status Remix Status 2019SC. Monthly reminder that India clocked 9 during full fledged world ression in 2009 under corrupt UPA and 5 in 2019 under Nationalist BJP .: [here is the report ]https//m.rediff.com/money/2009/feb/16budindiagdpgrows.htm. Indias GDP growth slows to 5 in AprilJune 2019. 2/3rds of what my family shares with me over social media is fake. Fake news health tips advice stories quotes. They are all aware of the fake news issues but still exercise no caution.: With my parents I used to explain it to them but they would never take heed. I finally got them to stop and exercise caution by openly embarrassing them in group chats by disproving their stories. But I cant do this with my relatives my parents are laid back. It honestly seems like most of the information that gets passed around in India is either fake or selective only reading the stories that match your outlook. One instance that angered me a lot was when my uncle shared a video of Muslims in Karnataka rioting against dalits. I noticed all the signboard in this video were in Bengali I looked it up and found it was a video of a riot in Bangladesh from 10 years back. I told this to him and told him there was no Muslim rioting in Karnataka. He responded even if its fake the meaning is real. wtf is that supposed to mean In speaking to a Muslim co worker she informed she gets similar fake news only in reverse. Photos of Palestine and Iraq getting passed over as Kashmir or Uttar Pradesh. Fake news is making communities live in their own separate fictional realities. And these days people spent more time online then they do speaking to those in their neighborhood. Our reality is warped. And thats just for politics. Forget the ridiculous claims that cancer can be treated by drinking fruit juice and that Buddha gives advice on how to make lots of money. Honestly after some thinking I think the root of fake news is confirmation bias. People want to share and believe news that confirms how they already feel. Since most Indians have this false belief that natural good they automatically believe claims that fruit juice cures cancer and vaccines cause autism. Only way to fight it is to challenge the belief that natural is not good by default. Same with my dumbass uncle who thinks Muslims are troublemakers and thus will share any such news even if he knows its fake.. Today is Pola a festival celebrated by farmers of Maharashtra when they pamper their bulls and give them a day off from work as a mark of gratitude.. Des Rangila Full Song Fanaa Aamir Khan Kajol Mahalaxmi Iyer. 20 Kashmiri youths missing since Article 370 move role of terror headhunters feared. [OC] A different kind of beach day in Goa. [4259x2398][Moto G4 Plus]. Dimple Kapadia part of Christopher Nolans Tenet Bollywood stars and Twitter celebrate May 2019. Economy Live Updates GDP growth falls to 5. Saaho Movie Review A Dumb Sexist Film Thats An Assault On The Senses. Andhra Pradesh governments latest order NonHindu employees of Tirumala Temple must quit. New Hindi Songs 2019 HEART TOUCHING Songs 2019 BollywOOd Hindi Love Song 2019 INDIAN SONgs. Critical of Article 370 Cardiologist Upendra Kaul Summoned by NIA. Chennai school kids made to parade shocking posters with sexist and homophobic messages. Paraglider reveals how his viral video made him a social media sensation. Revising Fundamental Concepts in Big Data Hadoop Certification Training Center for Professionals. Sikh Girl Allegedly Kidnapped In Pakistan Her Family Asks Imran Khan For Help. 92 ENGLISH LEAGUE CLUBS IN ONE SONG 2019/20 VERSION With Lyrics [Jim Daly]. Kache Rang Birender Dhillon Full Song Sunny Singh Sethi Karnail Singh Latest Punjabi Song. Such Spam Much Motapa . Firing someone for protecting stray dogs.. Please help me out... I am on the verge of a nervous breakdown: Hi all I am a 27 year old individual. I had dropped out from btech degree back in 2011 due to some financial issues and somehow managed to complete a degree in Bba in 2015. I used to work for some bpos in gurgaon till 2017. During these 2 years i also gave various government exams but couldnt clear any of them. I left my bpo job in 2018 and went for python based data analysis MOOC from udacity. I have been doing Python and data analysis ever since that day. I dont have a job as of now. I apply to atleast 20 companies per day but none of them have given any kind of response. My family my cousins and my father they all look down on me due to the fact that I couldnt achieve anything in my life even at this age. I used to be very good in studies have been an obedient kid my whole life plus i always help out people in their grim situations. The problem is that i dont have any friends to talk to and my mother who is from a rural background says that i am a looser who is just a parasite in the house. I cannot tell anyone how much pain i bear each day. Everyday i feel like i should end up commiting suicide. The only thing i love is planting trees and doing python. I find solace in writing lines of code. My father had told me 5 years back that he wont be supportive in any of my further education plans. He also says that ive let him down Naak kata di hai tuney To add insult to the injury one of my cousin who is a homeopathic doctor cleared the exam for pharmacist post on contractual basis for delhi moholla clinics. For my parents hes God...the ideal child.... All of these cousins live in my parents houseunder the same roof. I dont know whats my mistake. I never did wrong to anyone. I had such big plans for my life during my childhood. All those plans they are now a far fetched reality...please help me out . These notifications are getting worst and worst every single day.. Los migrantes en tratamiento mdico de vida o muerte ahora pueden ser deportados de Estados Unidos. QNet scam 70 arrests 38 cases registered against firm MCA initiates action. Cyberabad police busted the fraud and have registered 38 cases against the company for its involvement in the scam amounting to Rs 5000crore.. Imran Khan The World Cant Ignore Kashmir. We Are All in Danger.. Saaho faces release issues Morning shows cancelled across many places Hindi Movie News Times of India. Anyone knows the original band for the song om shabd hi brahm hai: I dont remember. Maybe it was jal. It gives me some sort of link or the band name. I clearly remember this song 68 years back. Now whenever I search I get this accidental prime minister posts. please help me find the original song.. Nuvvosthanante Song Varsham Movie Songs Prabhas Trisha DSP TeluguOne. HINDI OLD NONSTOP DJ SONG 2019 Nonstop Old Dance Dj Remix Song. Tens of Thousands of Pakistanis Hold AntiIndia Demonstration Over Kashmir. Study without paying a fee pay back when you get a job.. Prime Minister Says Pakistan Will Respond if India Attacks. Pakistan pm office bill not paid. Water Sewer Connections Of Two Noida Malls Snapped For Not Paying Dues. 148 Haryana medical students write to PM Modi seeking euthanasia or govt college admission[NP]. Sanskrit is first language of the world HRD Minister. Elavenil Valarivan joins elite list with maiden senior Shooting World Cup gold in Rio. Reliable used phone dealers in DelhiNCR: I plan to buy a new phone and have been looking at used flagships from 2017 and 2018 because some of them are easily going to outlast midrange phones released this year in terms of hardware power and developer support. Im mainly interested in the OnePlus 5T or the Galaxy Note 8 and was wondering if therere any reliable used or unboxed phone shops or dealers in the NCR since OLX mostly seems sketchy and I really dont wish to make visits to places far away only to find a fault in the device and call it a day. Im willing to spend up to 20k if need be. Thanks for the help folks. The Indian governments anticorruption campaign revs up. BJP changes tack on Assam NRC: Why Is BJP Changing Tack on NRC in Assam https//thewire.in/politics/bjpchangetacknrcassam. ADB willing to lend over 12 billion to India over the next three years. Man Tortures Minor Boy Forces Him to Lick Toilet Seat in Madhya Pradesh. Is there any prepaid debit card I can get here as a foreigner: Hi I lost my wallet a few days ago with my card. Im travelling. Since then a family member has Western Unioned me some money that Ive bank transferred them. The issue is all my money now is in cash. Which I dont like and I want to buy some stuff online. Is there any card from any bank that I can buy that is like pre loaded Thanks.. Can someone eli5 about Kashmir: Why does it matter so much to Pakistan that we removed the special status from Kashmir I get that this is a big news but isnt it Indias internal affair. Metro trains Baggage rules changed for passengers in all cities. Asian Stocks Rebound on USChina Trade Hopes. Heres Why Data Scientists Always Crave for R Programming. National Sports Awards Deepa Malik basks in Khel Ratna glory Bajrang Punia misses ceremony. The only reason Im not buying Jio is coz of porn: I just hate the guts of these guys who try to block frustrated students like me from jerking for some minutes of pleasure in this fucked up college life of our country. I dont wanna use free vpns. Id rather just keep using my 500 wala ethernet cable with wifi.. Manipur 6 USRA rebels held arms amp ammunition recovered. Karnataka BJP govt to discuss beef ban laws against cow slaughter. This Manipur Man Has SingleHandedly Replanted A 300 Acre Forest And Saved Over 250 Species Of Plants. India Batsman Rayudu Does Retirement UTurn. Travel Booking API Integration Services India. http//bit.ly/2NBesz3 api travel booking integrate india flight bus hotel. Teri Chunariya Dil Le Gayi Jbl Bass Hard Dholki Mix Hindi Old Is Gold Song Dj Ub Present. Relocating George Town Penang Malaysia: My fianc has been offered a job in George Town. Will it be a viable move to shift there. BBPS API DTH RechargeMobileLandline bill electricitywaterGas bill online.http//bit.ly/2ZublPN. Telangana teen girl raped murdered by 28yearold man she met via Facebook. HC did not raise questions on Leo Tolstoys War and Peace but one by Biswajit Roy. India Is Riding the Nativist Wave to Launch the Biggest Decitizenship Drive in Human History. Peak indian journalism.. A temple of Rationality for selfproclaimed atheist Tamil Nadu villages tribute to Karunanidhi. Pawan Singh DJ Song Mai Ho Tani Aa Jaitu bhojpuri dj. Indians spend 7 of their day in office commute Bengaluru travels slowest Report. BJP issues gag order on Pragya Thakur. Citizenship List in Indian State Sparks Fears for Millions. Best Of Ajay Devgan Songs 90s Indian Best Songs Evergreen Old Hindi Songs Bollywood Songs. Ladai Bengali Movie Prosenjit Chatterjee Indrani Dutta. Mary Kom Son Heung Min Named Best Asian Athletes. Seeking information regarding Bali: Hello r/India Me and a friend of mine are planning to go for a trip in February to Bali. Were really not sure about anything there. Anyone whos been there can you please provide any sort of information you have about the tourism there which beach should we go I heard Kuta Beach is overcrowded where should we book a hotel where should we eat food vegetarian famous places to visit and public transport Our budget is 35k to 40k combined and well staying there for 4 nights 5 days. Thank You have a nice day D. Random Daily Discussion Thread August 30 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. To swell its numbers ampvaluation Zomato made restaurants pay bill standoff deepens. Alka Yagnik New Songs 2019 LATEST BOLLYWOOD HINDI SONGS 2019 Best Of Alka Yagnik Collection. It really be like that. 90s Hindi Dj Remix song Old Hindi dj song Old Is Gold Dj Remix Songs. Need advise on travelling from Mumbai to Pune by train: I Canadian will be in India for a the first time next month with work training and really looking forward to it. Im landing in Mumbai on the Sunday evening 6pm and need to get to Pune. Would just grabbing an Uber from the airport to CSTM be the best way to start Ive also heard I should probably prebook my ticket if I can. Any recommended websites I can do that from I keep seeing a lot of discrepancies regarding timetables and how long it will actually take so any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks. Trumps Methane Rule Rollback Divides Oil and Gas Industry. I havent Lost Hope In Judiciary But My Faith Has DiminishedSenior Advocate Colin Gonsalves [Interview] [Video]. 11Judge Bench of Patna HC Stays Justice Rakesh Kumars Order On Corruption in Judiciary [Read Order]. Accidental beer making with golgapa water.: Hi I think I accidentally made beer with golgapa Pani. Few days back we ordered golgapa and got excessive amount of that sweet golgapa Pani. We decided to store it and use later. Got it in a glass bottle with lid and kept in refrigerator. And practically forgot about it for a month. So yesterday I asked my wife to get ride of it.... So she opened the lid.... As she opened the lid the bottle fizzed up as it was a champane or beer... Soda you could say I dont drink alcohol so couldnt dare to taste it but it smelled like spicy beer. So if any of you can shed some light on what might have happened in that bottle please tell me. If that beer was consumable them I would like to try and make it again ..... The recipe is simple. I know it must have gotten fermented but was it safe to drink.  Special Om Gan Ganpataye Namo Nanah I Jai Jai Dev Ganesh. Concerns Arise Over Hawaii Prosecutor Sons Job. Is there a way to prepare beforehand if govt. bans internet and telephone services like in JampK: Are there are devices or methods which one can use to access internet or make phone calls when govt. puts a restriction on them I want to plan to invest some amount in that like an emergency fund. It can be helpful in times of natural calamities also. All the gadget gurus and scientists of randia please help me out.. Einstein Newton and Pascal are playing hideandseek..: Einstein Newton and Pascal are playing hideandseek. Its Einsteins turn to seek and he starts counting to 100. Meanwhile Pascal runs away and hides. Newton on the other hand just stands there pulls out a piece of chalk from his pocket draws a 1m x 1m square on the ground and stands in it. When Einstein finished counting he turns around sees Newton and yells Newton What the hell are you doing I found you Newton smirks and says coolly No you found Newton per meter squared. You found Pascal.. HRD Minister Pokhriyal Claims to Be Doctor But May Not Even Be a Graduate. HD Shobha Mishra Video JukeBox Bhojpuri Song 2017 New. Unfortunate to become a spectator at depressing interview conversation in US consulate: So I was waiting for my turn for a visa interview where this has happened to a late 60s uncle. Although he opted for Hindi language he was having difficulty with questions due to hearing issue. So a staff came to his assistance and repeating questions more loudly and conversation went like this Interviewer why are you visiting US Uncle I am a widower single and wish to stay with my son I where is your son staying U my son used to work in poona and now working in new York along with my daughterin law I which company your son is working for U my son used to work in poona and now working in new York along with my daughterin law I do you have any other children U two daughters married and living separately. I am widower and living alone I how long you wish to stay with your son U two daughters married and living separately. I am living alone and wish to stay with my son I how long you wish to stay with your son U will stay as long as possible I am old dont know I am widower.. I unfortunately we cannot issue a visa right now and returned the passport U took the passport saying thank you unknowing his Visa application got rejected Must be devastating for him later to know that he cannot travel to US. Indias Restaurants Rebel Against Food Delivery Apps. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Hits of 2018 Volume 02 Tamil Video Songs Jukebox. India is so big but Reddit India is so small: Ive been in India for the last 30 days and I havent met a single person who knew reddit. Also the sub count speaks for itself. I have also talked with alot of indian people about India the gov kashmir cow killings yogi corruption and so on. And only a few knew about the situation. Like only upper middleclass to rich knows about the world. Even most middle class people dont know or care about the crisiss going on in India. Most havent been outside of India aswell. Nor do they care about the garbage thats thrown out. I was in Ranapur and a car drove by and the dumped all their plastic trash out the window on a beautiful mountain. But almost everyone has a phone nowadays. And reddit is legal aswell. Why is that. Ocon to Replace Hulkenberg at Renault in 2020. Need suggestions for a new laptop: Hello everyone i needed help in buying a new laptop Budget 5070k I will mostly use the laptop for cadding software and also analysis. I might do some gaming i never did before because i have a shitty laptop. I was thinking of buying asus rog strix g they have variants like 1tb hdd and 1 tb hhd with 256ssd. should i buy 1tbb hdd variant Does it have an extra slot for adding 128 ssd or should i just buy the 1tb 256 ssd variant. Also any other recommendations for laptop other than this particular one. Singleuse plastic bags cups plates may be banned from October 2 Report. Exclusive India to Woo Foreign Firms Like Apple to Capitalise on U.S.China Trade War. War and Peace and the dying reading habit in court A case for why we should judge less harshly. BulReddy Lyrical Song Sita Telugu Movie Payal Rajput Bellamkonda Sai SreenivasKajal Aggarwal. Uranium mining polluting groundwater and fields in Kadapa villages.. Political pressure a major obstacle in criminal investigation Survey. Jammu And Kashmirs First Global Investor Summit Postponed Say Sources. High alert in Gujarat Pakistani commandos may enter Gulf of Kutch area intelligence warns India News Times of India. Kete thara hrudaya mo bhangiba kuha . by Ranjan Gaan. For Dancers the NotSoLazy Days of Summer. Pakistan to start visa process for Sikh pilgrims on September 1. India Accuses Pakistan of Trying to Infiltrate Terrorists. Pak. says in contact with India on granting consular access to Kulbhushan Jadhav. Investment Summit in JammuampKashmir Likely to be Postponed as Curbs May Hit Firms Operations Say Sources. Remember the film Kissaa Khursi Kaa: Well that is what is happening between India and Pakistan at the moment. Both governments are using the issue to divert attention from their weak economy. Due the Kashmir issue both Indian and Pakistani citizens have sidelined the economy issue. Watch the movie [here]https//www.youtube.com/watchvrP0RG333BI.. Best Of Arijit Singh Hindi Songs Collection Jukebox. Un ashram les devuelve la esperanza a las viudas indias. After so many years I still can not figure out what this means.: gtEnglish Version of ... gtLife is in deep shit... gtStill behaving like Brad Pitt Could anybody explain what this means.. New Marathi song 2018. Hindi Remix Song 2019 90s Hindi DJ Remix Songs Old Hindi DJ Song Old is Gold DJ. Why Are the Children Hairy All Over Drug MixUp Leads to Werewolf Syndrome. Indias Top Ports on Alert for Attacks From PakistanTrained Commandos. 90s Evergreen Hits Old Hindi DJ Remix SongsNonstop Hindi DJ Remix SongsOld Is Gold. MongoDB and Tableau Partnership Simplifies Visual Analysis Know How. Is a water bottle worth 20/ : The first thing I do after entering a railway station is looks for the IRCTC RO Water counter.. For the rich people in this group who might not know what it is this is a stall from IRCTC where you get bottled mineral water for Rs 8/. And who would like to pay 2.5 times more for a bottle of water I thought But to my surprise there were many who were willing to do that. I saw many travellers who still preferred buying a bottle of Bisleri or Kinley instead. From a business perspective its a great example of why branding is importanteven if you sell drinking water But my question as a consumer is What extra value does a bottle of Bisleri that costs 20/ add to my life that a bottle of RO water that costs 8/ doesnt Is it the green shiny sticker were paying extra 60 for Or is it something else. Is a water bottle worth 20/ : Is a water bottle worth 20/ The first thing I do after entering a railway station is looks for the IRCTC RO Water counter.. For the rich people in this group who might not know what it is this is a stall from IRCTC where you get bottled mineral water for Rs 8/. And who would like to pay 2.5 times more for a bottle of water I thought But to my surprise there were many who were willing to do that. I saw many travellers who still preferred buying a bottle of Bisleri or Kinley instead. From a business perspective its a great example of why branding is importanteven if you sell drinking water But my question as a consumer is What extra value does a bottle of Bisleri that costs 20/ add to my life that a bottle of RO water that costs 8/ doesnt Is it the green shiny sticker were paying extra 60 for Or is it something else. Those Opposing Article 370 Move Should Go To Pakistan Union Minister Ramdas Athawale. India lost 15 trillion trying to make 14 billion from tax surcharge on investors[NP].  Kids Songs by Dave and Ava Nursery Rhymes . How to submit details of HRA during Filing: I changed jobs in 2018. I have an HRA component in salary. The new company gave me a Form 16 but has not taken the HRA/Rent into consideration. My HRA deduction is above 1 lakh around 115000. How do I include the details of HRA in ITR 1 Where can I provide the details of the PAN of the Landlord in ITR1. Retro Songs Mashup Old is Gold Old Bollywood Hindi Songs Medley Anurag Abhishek amp Deepshikha. Worst Tinder profile I have come across... Destroy alcohol lying in bar for longer than eight days Delhi excise dept to restaurants [NP]. Can I be identified wih my biometrics that I have given in Aadhar.: I have given my biometrics finger print and retina scan during making of my Aadhar. I wanted to ask one question . Can authorities identify me using biometrics on my body . ie Can they reverse search my biometrics in aadhar database and can reach my aadhar number and other detials . Pakistan minister says there will be full and final war with India in a few months over Kashmir. Kindle users of India what type of cover do you use: Any recommendations or personal favorites The ones in amazon seems to be costly. I have never used this so should I look for a sleeve one or a foldable one Should there be a screen guard Thank you.. Pakistans BAT attack foiled 2 SSG commandos killed by Indian Army in JampKs Gurez. Pakistantrained commandos may have entered Kutch warns Intel. How Big Data Has Created Its Own Niche in the Entertainment Industry. Chennai man gets life in jail for killing four and having sex with them. The 33yearold accused is said to have demanded from the main victim to allow him to marry her youngest daughter a minor who also became a victim of his necrophilic act.. Basic question regarding Team Leader position: Wanted to know how to become a team lead in India 1. What qualifications do I need 2. What industry should I have experience with 3. Any special course I need to complete to achieve TL position. I get 5k10k spare change every month. What are some simple investment ideas: Im in college so I cant concentrate full time. What are some quick investment methods with small returns I make about 10k every month and I dont really use it coz Im in college.. Hindi Old Love Remix Song 90s Romantic Hits Remix Song Woh Ho Tum Remix Songs. Modi Governments Decision to Place 26 Cap on FDI in Digital Media Raises Questions. Fundamentals of Indian economy are sound. Growth is on the horizon. Exclusive Oil Giants Shower Qatar With Crown Jewels in Race for LNG Prize. Interesting Hindu mythology books: I just read a thread in here about mythology and as always it devolved down to the big three ramayan Geeta and Mahabharata. I feel like I am only really familiar with these text too. They portray a certain type of thinking but Im sure there must be other ones. So what are some lesser known Indian mythology books which I can read Extra points if available as ebooks.. RBI balance sheet grows 11 to Rs 40.49 lakh crore in 201819. Happy National Sports day to all players and sports lovers on the occasion of National Sports day on the birthday of hockeys magician major dhyanchand. nationalsportsday majordhyanchand. Aaj Amaye Power Jeet Nusrat Jeet Gannguli Latest Bengali Song 2016. Guitarist available for casual event in Jalandhar: Hi I just want to hire a guitarist who can play for a casual event. I would be glad to pay and/or offer food. I am basically going out with my love for the first time although we met previously in the presence of parents. Marriage has been fixed. I wish to have a small performance and I can sing along if the hired person cant. I can sing well. I need it after around 10 days from now.. What are some of the most common suicide spots in India: Note I am not suicidal. Okay. So I am working with an NGO in the mental health field and I have a task to determine the demographics of suicide across the nation as well as how and where they committed suicide and which places are red zones where most number of incidents happen. Ive got some info from Google itself but maybe if you guys could tell some spots off your mind which I could include in my report Thanks.. Redditors suggest some gift ideas for my 3yearold niece.: Looking for puzzles interactive/learning toys/books or perhaps a really fun toy.. Sab sacred hai.. Nodeal Brexit spells more torment for effectively debilitated UK economy. This Indian Cop Took Down a Massive IRS CallCenter Scam [Old]. Is Akshay Kumar playing Pullela Gopichand in PV Sindhu biopic Its fantastic if he is says coach. Tawaifs of Awadh The first women of Hindi cinema.. bbps API providers Delhi India. http//bit.ly/2PofNLW. Government should use RBI funds in a prudent manner. IS module NIA searches houses of five in Coimbatore. [NP] One of the best travel vlogs in India that cover a lot of less popular but really beautiful places. LOVE MASHUP 2019 Hindi Romantic Songs Best Of Bollywood Dance Songs 2019 NONSTOP DJ PARTY MIX. Whats the best way to become a full stack developer : Any full fledged course you would recommend for non CS graduates . Can New York City Live Without Foie Gras We May Soon Find Out. No decision yet on airspace closure to India FM. India plans largest recruitment drive for govt workers in occupied Kashmir. Cant eat with Dalit SC ST Primary students bring separate plates for midday meals in UPs Ballia. Apple to begin online sales in India as rules are eased. ASI removes security guard after complaint from Austria woman. Brands opt for a cautious approach this festive season tightens ad spend [NP]. How exactly did the British Colonial rulers do to divide and conquer the Hindus and Muslims in British India: How can a foreign power create tensions between the two groups Was there tension between the two groups prior to British arrival How can they make one group hate another. Hits Of Alisha Chinai 90s Evregreen Bollywood BestSongs Collection Hindi Old Songs. Angry chemists threaten to boycott Cipla products if it ventures into epharmacy business. Over 8.5 lakh chemists say they will sideline and stop promoting Cipla if reports of its tieup with online pharmacy Medlife turn out to be true.. I went to jail 30 times those who go to jail become leaders Satya Pal Malik on detention of Kashmiri politicians. Some photos from my ongoing series about Indian railways all photos taken at stations or on trains.[OC]. India Seeks to Portray Sense of Calm in LockedDown Kashmir. Mumbai 26yearold govinda battling for life after suffering spinal injury in pyramid fall. PM Modi launches FIT India Movement. Increased Cyber Attacks on India Continue Amid Suspicions of PakChina Collaboration.. Why Keep War And Peace At Home Bombay High Court To Arrested Activist. World classics are now anti national. Remix Old Hindi DJ Hindi DJ Remix Mashup Songs 90s Evergreen Remix Old Hindi Nonstop 90s. Deewana 2 Latest Bhojpuri Full Movie Rishabh Kashyap Shikha Mishra Bhojpuri Full Film. As the Amazon burns the Mahabharata episode of Khandava forest fire serves up an important reminder. Catch them young. Not Just Rahul Gandhi Pak Letter To UN Quotes Haryana Chief Minister Too. What kind of lifestyle could one live with 35k pm in Bangalore: Any rough outline from people who are living there Age 23 bachelor moving there soon. Id be happy with a private room to sleep but Im not sure if thats feasible. I dont need to send anything back home. How much can I save if any Would appreciate responses from people living there. Thanks. Random Daily Discussion Thread August 29 2019 at 0915AM: Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. IndoPak War Likely in OctNov Pak Minister Sheikh Ahmad. Caste discrimination in univesities Rohith Vemula and Payal Tadvis mothers move Supreme Court. This tweet from Paulo Coelho. Dheeme Dheeme Tony Kakkar new song 2019 new Hindi songs Hindi gan. Sold into sexual slavery The women forced to take multiple husbands to combat Indias wife shortage. Mashup Mix 2019 Hindi English Remix Songs Mashup Hindi Remix 2019. Naam Hai Tera [Full Song] Aap Kaa Surroor. Objectifying Women: Im recently heard this term objectifying women a lot on Social media and college and have not grasped what does it mean. A friend and i were drinking tea during our break when a girl too came for the tea. I just randomly commented to my friend that she looks hot and his reply was Dude stop objectifying women What does this mean Is appreciating physical appearance wrong now . Meet the man who built a dosa batter empire in the US. April Madhathil Vaali Tamil Movie Song Ajith Kumar Simran. New Marathi Hindi WhatsApp Status Dj Remix Video 2019 Remix Love WhatsApp Status. Scientists crack Roopkund skeleton mystery. Need some brief information about witness rights and other rules related to witnesses: Is it against the rules if the witness is not willing to give any testimony or involve in the case in any manner. Thanks in advance.. PARMISH VERMA SAB FADE JANGE OFFICIAL VIDEO Desi Crew Latest Punjabi Songs 2018. A Modi lesson from Dalian for Rahul Gandhi as hes hit by another Kashmir crisis. WiFi rates for August 2015 in Chennai. Elgar Parishad Case Why Do You Have War And Peace At Home Bombay HC Asks Arrested Activist. Naib Subedar Vishnu Saravanan of Madras Engineering Group amp Centre IndianArmy clinched Bronze Medal in Laser Under21 European Sailing Championship held at Poland from 22 27 Aug 2019. A total of 136 sailors from 35 countries participated in the competition. Proud Adventure [adgpi via Twitter]. Naib Subedar Vishnu Saravanan of Madras Engineering Group amp Centre IndianArmy clinched Bronze Medal in Laser Under21 European Sailing Championship held at Poland from 22 27 Aug 2019. A total of 136 sailors from 35 countries participated in the competition. Proud Adventure [adgpi on Twitter]. Hotstar beats Netflix Amazon Prime Video to become top OTT platform in India. Rahul is liked by Pakistan cares little for tricolour Smriti Irani India News Times of India. The Wire earns Supreme Court ire for yellow journalism.. Need some career advice.: My post from r/devops https//np.reddit.com/r/devops/comments/cw1ma7/cloudautomationenginnervsdevops/ I got two offers one from nagarro other from Cvent for devops role . Which one should I go for Considering both money and career growth in mind what are the pros and cons. Any one know the current processing time for French work visa: Hello I am applying for a work visa to France. If any of you know the time required for it and general things to look for please share. I am confused with few questions here. Is it required to show the travel tickets before hand Should I need to approach an agent or do it on my own I am applying the international talents visa now. Need to start my stuff in a week and confused about the time for visa and hence for ticket booking. Could really use your inputs. Thank you. Beyond the Stereotypes a New View of Indian Music. How good is CGHS for central government employees: Will they reimburse everything or subsidized rate Is this also applicable for private hospitals. Taliban hints at possible dialogue with India. Arundhati Roy apologises for 2011 video on Pakistan Army says may have been thoughtless. Late Night Random Discussion Thread : Beep Boop Bot I am a bot if any problem askaway my creator. Ground Report In Drass Worlds SecondColdest Inhabited Place Winter Comes Early. Anyone else have very discriminatory parents: My mom is a practising gynaeclogist. When I was 8 years old me and my best friend had falling out over some dumb stuff 8 year olds argue about. I was complaining about it to mom she said Its because he is ST. I asked what does ST mean She said it means he is dalit. I asked does dalit mean bad She said Yes They are bad people and liars in general. Since that day I had saved in my head for long time dalits are bad people. I didnt apply it to my friend for some reason or had any clue how to know someones caste still dont know surnames. I noticed whenever he was over in my house maid would give him tea in a old broken looking cup. I didnt like what maid was doing and first wanted to give him my cup and take his but got scared it might be actually too physically dirty. I grabbed better cup and gave it to him. Mom wasnt present during that incident thankfully. I remember later telling mom that my friend is Buddhist and she said he isnt actually Buddhist. He is Hindu and dailts say they are Buddhists to hide the fact that they are all dalits. She also constantly makes negative remarks about muslims. She always calls them as mommedians. I dont know if its a slur. She would say things like Not mommedian patients again. Mommedians always want to quarrel. We are in a mommedian area drive carefully. Makes me sad to think someone is trusting their life with her while she thinks of them like they are some inferior species. I am 21 currently there was this incident few months ago. I was moving to another city we were looking for tiffin services on justdial. First result was Ali Tiffins Mom said to scroll past it. I asked why they have good reviews and they dont look fake. She said they are mommedian. I asked whats wrong with mommedian She said They live in very uncleanliness and live around goats. I snapped out and said Are muslims even humans They are all animals arent they We were looking at skin clinics one day. I was reading her names from Google maps and she kept saying next next until I read her Anshul xxxx she looked at it and said Oh nevermind its a female. I asked whats wrong with being female She said Aaurto mein dam nahi reheta. She finally kept scrolling till we found a male doctor and took me there. I always felt guilty growing up not agreeing with mom on topics like this and many many others. Culture around me taught Parents are a form of God. You should touch their legs after waking up daily. Always follow your parents.. Data strong Supernet 4G network by Lodafone. Same issue for a week now. 100kbps speed advertised as 4G.. Taliban hints at possible dialogue with India. 13 injured in acid attack for opposing eveteasing in Bihar. Alternate History India: A quote from The Adventure by Jayant Narlikar As he read on Gangadharpant began to appreciate the India he had seen. It was a country that had not been subjected to slavery for the white man it had learnt to stand on its feet and knew what selfrespect was. From a position of strength and for purely commercial reasons it had allowed the British to retain Bombay as the sole outpost on the subcontinent. That lease was to expire in the year 2001 according to a treaty of 1908. Gangadharpant could not help comparing the country he knew with what he was witnessing around him.. Meme about Arundhati Roy messing up. Travel Enquiry: Im travelling to Canada in few days. Can i carry uncooked rice and lentils in my luggage Also what all things are prohibited Thank you. Angry chemists threaten to boycott Cipla products if it ventures into epharmacy business. Over 8.5 lakh chemists say they will sideline and stop promoting Cipla if reports of its tieup with online pharmacy Medlife turn out to be true.. Rumi Darwaza Lucknow [Photography]. The 1 activity for any free period. Why are 65 Pakistani Visa on Arrival holders entering through the Attari checkpoint prohibited from visiting Kerala:  https//www.india.org.pk/pages.phpid133 At the Attari Immigration Checkpost you will have to declare the details of the places up to 5 you intend to visit in India. You can choose to visit any place in India except Jammu and Kashmir Punjab Kerala and other restricted/protected or prohibited areas.. Vipin Sahu After paragliding I will do sky diving next says the man from the viral Land kara de video. Aviation Industry Labor Shortage Hits Canadian Companies Trying to Replace Grounded Boeing Jets. New Bangla Dj Song 2019 I Love You Jan New Bangla Gan 2019. Do you use cheap Android TV boxes Which one do you recommend [askindia]: The internet is full of Android TV Box recommendations but they are not for India. The boxes are not available here or they are listed at exorbitant prices I already have Fire TV Stick but it cant do h265 10bit. Look for one that can in a budget. What I am looking for 1. 23k budget. 1. At least h265 FHD 10bit. 1. Play content from Netflix Amazon Prime and Hotstar FHD. it should support DRM. Power of Government job in India IITian takes job whose requirement is class 10th pass certificate.. BJP Leader Seen Watching Porn Among Karnatakas 3 Deputy Chief Ministers. Hats off to the paragliding driver who kept his calm more than Dhoni. This video is Meme of the year 2019.. Exclusive India set to outlaw six singleuse plastic products on October 2 sources. Chandrayaan2 Images. Opinion India must stop weaponizing the pain of Kashmiri Pandits [WASHINGTON POST]. [Ask]Is it possible to get a driving licence for my17 scooty done: So i was a little bit concerned about the upcoming new traffic laws getting implemented from 1st sep. And recently i started driving scooty to my coching as it is a bit far away from our home. So all i am asking is is it possible for me aged 17 to get a driving licence done. [OC] A surreal evening sky in Bangalore yesterday. [4608x2592][Nikon D3100]. Lucknow woman refuses to accept chewing gum from husband gets triple talaq. What Data Says About Growing Rates of Crime against Women in India. Now Unnao rape victims uncle charged with forging document: https//indianexpress.com/article/india/unnaorapevictimsunclenowchargedwithforgingdocument5943052/utmcampaignfullarticleamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceinshorts Looks like Acche Din good days have come . Jailed At 6 For No Crime Assams Foreigner Hunt Destroyed This Girls Life. Parental Advisory For Young Girls Button Up. Would Satyajit Ray Be Branded an AntiNational if Pather Panchali Released Today. Neenus fight for Kevin How a 21yrold stood against her family for justice. West Bengal Woman gangraped for asking cut money refund. Kilns add to Jammu and Kashmirs air and land pollution brick by brick. Ouch. Wronglane crash at Barapullah flyover kills executive cousin critical. Female Tourist Clothing: Hopefully this is OK for this reddit. I am a female 57yrs young travelling to India next month for a whole month and seeing most of the country with a reputable tour group. Can I please have recommendations on what to wear so as not to offend local people and yet keep cool in your very hot country thank you . Does Marital Rape Truly Exist Pun Ki Baat. 20 yrs later this is why Salman Khan is still hated by Bishnois of Jodhpur. There Is Nary a Pest as Hated as Mesquite in the Desert Flatland of Kutch. Tribal woman found dead in Araku valley under mysterious circumstances. Eco India This 700acre biodiversity hotspot is the bestkept secret of the Western Ghats. Floods from India dam wreak havoc in northeastern Pakistan. Imagine your statehood is no more.: The current situation in Kashmir really disturbs me. 19 days ago the union Government of India killed the spirit of federalism and constitutional democracy by bypassing the Kashmiri people and making Jammu Kashmir and ladhak a union territory. Its been 19 days since the lockdown. 19 days without adequate communication freedom to self express freedom to voice dissent. All in the name of unification. This has done nothing but deepen the fault lines in Kashmir and between communities in JampK. We take pride in our home state just as much we do in the idea of Unity In Diversity. Imagine being a Kashmiri and your statehood being taken away from you without your consent and through undemocratic means. How can any Indian be okay with that let alone celebrate it Many people are arguing that this is all in National interest and for integration. Id like to say India is a Union of States and State breaking is NOT Nation making. Then there is issue of development development only happens when there is social order and people are happy with ruling class looking at the protests and lockdowns it seems locals have further lost faith in union GoI. PM said to have closed all dialouge with militants and Hurriyat and he hopes that there will emerge a new young political class from grassroots. In less than half districts of jampk there was no voting at all in the panchayat elections of 2018. This does not lend credence to youth being optimistic about joining mainstream politics especially after this a move which will deepen the alienation and distrust. Im not delusional so i know human rights violations have been happening along both sides of the border but whats happening right now has changed the status quo without the consent of the only people whos lives are at stake. Retired civil servant politicians leaders and dissenters young and old are being put in jail. I can only hope SC takes up the petition and restore constitutional democracy in the region.. Anyone interested in netflix account sharing: I have premium pack with 4 people share. Costs 800/month we can make it 200/month by sharing. If interested direct message me... Watch Delhis Flood Affected Families Take Shelter in Makeshift Tents on DND Flyway. The Arun Jaitley I Knew. What lLaws protect my fundamental rights in India : Its a shame that i know more of the fifth amendment of USA than its corresponding right in India. What are some important laws that protect the fundamental speech/movement/human rights in India.. A year after MeToo rocked the Carnatic circuit how have the sabhas responded. Happy Janmashtami.: Happy Janmashtami. Spread the Makhan spread the love.. Male Child Sexual abuse is way too common than people think in general .: [removed]. Road rage Group hunts man to his home beat him up. Why Are Indian Women So Shy of Baring Their Bodies in Front of Each Other. Sikkim Simmers Over Centres Move to Open Sacred Peak of Kanchenjunga for Treks. Bhuvan Bam is my jam .. Bhutan Bam is cool.. Srinagar Kashmir The Protests and Siege of Soura. [serious] [AskIndia] Randians how has the porn ban affected you Does it continues to affect you: I state my points 1. started using https everywhere. 2. rise of porn sharing groups on whatsapp and telegram 3. observed rise of people in nsfw subreddits since tumblr change of policy 4. miss those performers on chaturbate and similar sites. 5. watching more netflix and amazon prime. [Dissatisfaction] Mods why isnt there an option to crosspost to this sub: What is the reason behind it. I come across many good posts relevant to India which I want to share with r/india but in the end I just give up because its too much of work for someone surfing on mobile phone.. Scoundrel Modi is silent as he was after Unnao and Asifa rape case. Hindustani Rap is here to stay it is the voice that you cant just ignore Ranveer Singh on rap revolution in India. Flipkart Listings a.k.a Kuch Bhi . Independent UN experts urge India to end communications shutdown in Kashmir. The shutdown of the internet amp telecommunication networks without the Government justification are inconsistent with the fundamental norms of necessity amp proportionality.. [R] My wifes dirty joke: So we boarded a late night flight and had seats in the second last row. The back rows seemed to be empty except us for quite some time boarding was still ongoing. I said aaj toh chandi Hai you go sleep on those three seats and I said Ill stretch on these three seats. She gave me saucy look and said dont you think we can use this empty space for other things I said oooh you mean mile high club Exactly at that moment someone came in the seat next to us so wifey says yeh toh apne clubab mein haddi Hai . Watch The Truth Behind Governments No Casualty in Kashmir Claim. Jaipur Muslim Women Allege Assault by Cops After Clash Between Kanwariyas Muslims. People Mixer Grinders Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. Kia Seltos Launched Price Booking Warranty Delivery Information Revealed. Bengal woman seeks refund of cut money for housing plan gangraped. Rage Of A Silent Invisible Killer Called Malnutrition. SBI to Doordarshan The Unsung Pioneers Behind Indias Iconic Symbols amp Logos. [R] I understand that basically the entire world is being driven by jingoistic and xenophobic sentiments but I dont understand why.: Trump is a textbook example for the west but it isnt alone. Italy recently has its own political crisis after an uneasy coalition collapsed because of the Home Ministers party being a fifth column in government. Brexit is happening because closeted xenophobic sentiments have been exploited in full. France nearly elected a xenophobe in Marine Le Pen as its President. Austria had a semihardliner as its chancellor not too many months ago. Hungary and several other EU border states hate immigrants. Poland is turning hardliner after its government tried to mess with the independence of its judiciary. It is well known that the fat cats of the middle east are deeply involved in any conflicts in the region. Duterte of the Philippines rose to power on the drugs bogeyman taking the law into his own hands and running a bloody pogrom against anyone he believed to be a drug peddler. Putin is widely accused of influencing elections in many adversary states read proUS states and his government also cracks down on political opposition within Russia. Ukraine turned into a political tugofwar between Russia and the West. Underdeveloped Central and North African nations like Sudan Nigeria and Somalia continue to be pretty unstable. Brazils president is Trumps protege on environmental matters. Within Asia Imran Khans party was largely seen as a hardline proIslam party although his election platform was focused more on corruption by Nawaz Sharif. Even in India BJPs election platform subtly switched from development to pseudonationalism as was always predicted by anyone with half a brain. The worst part is people lapped it up and gave Modi a thumping majority bigger than his previous one Hes used it to stifle the opposition and captured the media. Why is so much hatred coming back in the world Werent the lessons from past wars strong enough to make humans love each other Did the deaths of literally tens of millions not teach us anything. Amazon fires Record number burning in Brazil rainforest space agency. Lets take a break from politics here is an image of a kitten at my house. Reminder to file your Income tax return 31st Aug is the deadline: Just filing my tax returns thought of reminding you guys as well.. [LifeProTip] If you see someone or vehicle coming from opposite end of road on one ways or where they are not supposed to come just yell police and make turn back gestures they will think you are friendly and turn back most of the cases. And if there are actual police just let them pass.. Okhla Bird Sanctuary Birds of a feather dont flock here anymore. Kashmiris Denied Hotel Rooms In Delhi OYO Begins Inquiry. Naga resistance is not recent its history goes back to the 13th century. Is Udaipur the City of Lakes Anymore. Nature Doesnt Discriminate but Humans Do Sangli Flood Victims Allege Casteism. Tigers are vanishing outside protected areas in the northeast. Happy Rakshabandhan. Law Topper Skips Event to Avoid Receiving Medal From CJI Gogoi. Shipping couriers from USA to India at Cheapest price SHOPUSA. To those who are going to immigrate or want to what will you do about old parents and family: I am kind of pessimistic about India but cant imagine leaving everything and everyone behind and living in a foreign country alone . I used to fantasize living abroad during my college days but ever since I have shifted to different city for job I always long for home . I often get homesick depressed . I am introverted and dont have new friends in new city . I am facing such issues when I am in same country . I dont think I will be able to manage living in a complete different country and starting my life from scratch . On top of that I dont know what I will do about my parents who are getting old day by day . This is my biggest issue . I want to be near them during their old days .. Up for discussion. Whats going on. Rajasthan Doctor hospital staff gangrape blackmail nurse with video for a year. The victim was first drugged by a compounder who then filmed an obscene video of the victim and later used it to blackmail and rape her.. BJP leader arrested for raping minor over 4 years in Mumbai. Discovered modern day shiva. Girl on fire.. https//youtu.be/JTS4k7e3WaM: [removed]. I have JEE Main in 4 months Fs in the chat please. After China And Pakistans Alliance On R.A.N.D.I Here Are 10 More Possible Associations.. Class 11 girl dies after stalkers drive bike over her head. Gorakhpur Father arrested for raping killing 19yearold daughter. Police said the man raped his younger daughter several times in the last two years and killed her by cutting her neck on the night of July 26.. Income Tax site is drunk: I filled ITR on 9th July. I got intimation under 1431. ampx200B There are two columns 27 Net tax payable 1719 4 and 30 Net tax payable 1719 0 ampx200B So they did the same subtraction and in one row they showed 4 and in one row they showed 0. ampx200B I went to their website I dont see ANY proof of an intimation I was sent. I went to eproceedings no eproceedings to respond to. I went to file a revised return it says invalid ACK number when I file against the last processed ITR. ampx200B idk what the fuck to do How to I pay the 4 Rupees that I allegedly owe them Did any of you face this issue. Some observations about WOMEN of India [Finances/Marriage related]: All of them expect their husband to earn equal or more than them. Most of them expect husband to earn more than them. 34 L income expects minimum 715 Lakhs. 715 band expects 2025. Most of them want to be allowed to leave jobs after kids Most of them plan to leave jobs when husband is well settled earning enough None of them was okay with husband notworking Most of them want to leave working ASAP.. Found this heartshaped island off the coast of Karnataka while randomly surfing on Google Maps.. Telangana cop caught taking bribe day after receiving best constable award. Real job revealed. Belated Independence Day wishes found in r/vexillology: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/c6mh2jf6k1h31.jpg. What Is Nature for the Kondhas of Damini. Uber eats support in India is shit. I was ordering via Uber Eats and used a code 3PAYTM50 which provided a 50 off upto 120 I applied the code and I wasnt able to knowing that Uber automatically applies a code to your order I went ahead with it and voila I didnt got the discount back.: So I enquired via Uber eats through a help ticket and they told me that I created a duplicate account using my own credentials. Do remember I have a password protected account which first ask for a OTP and then the password and lets say I was using my own credentials again isnt Uber a company big enough to recognize that a number is being used again to account for which a entry already exists in the database. Moving forward I asked what can I do. They said since I was creating a new account and was using a promo code meant for the new user they cant say anything and neither do anything. Moreover the code had nothing written with it that made it liable only to be used with a new account no such mention of only to be used with a new account. I still cant figure out how absurd their response is. Seriously BC Tu Uber hai naaki 7th class ke bacche ka banaya hua database. In my defence I just reinstalled my app on a new device after removing it from an old one.. Wapsi The Returning Ajay Raina 60 min. 2005 For most Indians and Pakistanis a visit to each others countries is a journey of return of various kinds to nostalgia hate metaphor and reality. The Film is a travelogue of hope love longing and betrayal. Sri Krishna Janmashtami 2019. [R]Whats with people hurling insults and abuses at everyone but hating it when they get some of it dished back at them: There are jerks who make it a point to portray themselves as funny or entertaining at the expense of everyone else. At the same time when theres a retort they feel insulted and cant keep their emotions under control. If theyre physically stronger theyll proceed to beat the shit out of the poor guy who stood up for himself and no one will intervene. I dont know if this is a more Indian thing or it happens everywhere in the world but in the few years I lived in Canada I personally didnt come across such jerks. So maybe Indians dont really grow out of their childhoods.. New Happy Hanuman design for Tshirts. Timepass on a lazy day. Everyone deserves to have some fun. Kerala Nun Expelled For Buying Car Seeks Justice From Rome. Sister Lucy says she is being targeted for taking on rape accused Bishop Franco Mulakkal not indiscipline.. Only In India Rape Accused MLA Features In Full Page Newspaper Ad With PM And CM. An excerpt from The Discovery of India by Nehru: Sometimes as I reached a gathering a great roar of welcome would greet me Bharat Mata ki JaiVictory to Mother India. I would ask them unexpectedly what they meant by that cry who was this Bharat Mata Mother India whose victory they wanted My question would amuse them and surprise them and then not knowing exactly what to answer they would look at each other and at me. I persisted in my questioning. At last a vigorous Jat wedded to the soil from immemorial generations would say that it was the dharti the good earth of India that they meant. What earth Their particular village patch or all the patches in the district or province or in the whole of India And so question and answer went on till they would ask me impatiently to tell them all about it. I would endeavour to do so and explain that India was all this that they had thought but it was much more. The mountains and the rivers of India and the forests and the broad fields which gave us food were all dear to us but what counted ultimately were the people of India people like them and me who were spread out all over this vast land. Bharat Mata Mother India was essentially these millions of people and victory to her meant victory to these people. You are parts of this Bharat Mata I told them you are in a manner yourselves Bharat Mata and as this idea slowlysoaked into their brains their eyes would light up as if they had made a great discovery.. Unnao Rape accused MLA Sengar featured in the independence day Ad. For slapping his 15yrold daughters harasser a man was murdered in TN. Techie goes to court alleging TCS sexual harassment committee botched up probe. Unnao rape accused MLA Sengar gets prime spot in Independence Day ad beside Modi and Adityanath. The Higher Quality of living argument to go abroad BrainDrain: My friends girlfriend pointBlankly refused to come back to India from Germany. She says Quality of life is better there. She needs to work only 9 to 5 on 5 days a week. Theres much less work pressure and lot more salaries. So she planned to never come back. So my friend also shifted to save the relationship leaving parents behind. Another friend of mine said that he never got as much sick in US in three years as much as he got in India. Basically theres this argument not the sole argument but frequently heard of that European countries or US has better quality of life and therefore they dont want to come back to India. However the government of India spent money on them in their education All of us are from government engineering colleges. The parents have some expectations as well. How justified is this And what would be the counter argument to the beautiful picture that is being painted in support of shifting to better countries. Heres the truth about BBC Al Jazeera Reuters reports of protests in Soura Kashmir. 10 . Invitation to join a sub made for Indians and Pakistani users: Friends if youd like to discuss or debate anything with people across the border youre welcome to join /r/PakHind. Rakhi is the single most shit and annoying festival in India.: [removed]. Happy raksha bandhan.. On the grapevine A leading lady causing a stir in the dressing room. Kai po che. Are you flying kites today. Three Indian men sentenced to life in prison after shocking child rape and murder. Independence Day 2019 Know the Flag Code of India Before Hoisting the Tiranga on August 15. IB Officer Alleges Caste Discrimination Faces Criminal Charges Suspension. Tomorrow is our 73rd Independence Day remember India is younger than many of our parents. And remember India has achieved remarkable things in last 72 years. Be a proud Indian and salute our nation.. Teen With Disabilities Raped For Months In Uttar Pradesh Gets Pregnant. The arrested accused identified as Rajpal Saini raped the minor girl over a period of several months said Station House Officer SHO Yogesh Sharma.. Mission Digital India 2020 Be Digitally Independent India wants Freedom from unemployment Enroll for Pro Digital Management Program Get Job Joining Letter 40000 Discount To enroll feel free to whats app me 9867133886 https//bit.ly/2GfHLC3 eduvogue digitalmarketing Independenceday: [removed]. Forget the teen baap Sacred Games season 2 is all about Ganesh Gaitondes master muse and mistress. Wah Modiji wah. Unnao Rape Accused Kuldeep Sengar Charged With Murder Of Girls Father. From leafy greens to meat how Santhal food reflects the communitys identity intertwined with nature. Unnao rape victims counsel says he was threatened during court proceedings. Indias ongoing war with the Foreign Press. Indias rush for nuclear power may destroy Nallamala forest ecosystem. Image by u/cshaxercs on r/pics that looks like our flag . Uzbek Woman Allegedly GangRaped In Gurgaon Dumped Near South Delhi Home. Whats up with all the racist garbage in r/ireland. Pregnant woman gangraped in Udaipur boyfriend commits suicide. The accused men thrashed her boyfriend and later raped the woman multiple times before she lost consciousness. The woman was oneandahalfmonth pregnant.. Not Narendra Modi Shah Rukh Khan Or Salman Khan Sunny Leone is the Most Googled Celebrity in India. Eid Mubarak. Kashmir Man In Video With Ajit Doval Had No Idea Who He Was Talking To. In Conversation With Niharika Singh Caste Representation And Feminism In Bollywood. Pakistani social media handles claim buildup at LoC Indian Army says nothing alarming. Childhood Dream Man Modifies Tata Nano Into Helicopter Car In Bihar.. World Elephant Day A Terrible Kind of Love.  monday shiv. Indias efforts to save its tigers have turned some Adivasi communities into conservation refugees. With season 2 of Sacred Games releasing in a few days heres a quote I sewed last year.. Has anyone else lost trust on the Tata brand [R]: I have seen too many cases of fraud and bad workmanship in Tata motors. Also in TCS. It has affected my image of the Tata brand. Nowadays whenever I see an advertisement of the Tata brand anywhere the first thought on my mind is that the service is going to be unreliable. What do you feel about this brand. Unpopular Opinion I do not like waking up to news posts about sexual assaults every friggin time I open r/india. It makes me angry and agitated for the whole day. The news are sad but posting and upvoting them in swarms is a little sadistic.: [removed]. Water Sanitation and Hygiene in India. PETA India on Twitter BREAKING PETA India visited Mumbais Deonar slaughterhouse where tens of thousands of animals have arrived to be sold for Eid. This is what we found. You will be shocked to see this http//petain.vg/4t8. India want Davis Cup tie moved from Pakistan amid rising tension. Shop owner slits employees throat for demanding salary in Gurugram. What do indian men think are non creepy and harmless but in fact are. Bihar teenager brutally raped and killed. Perpetrators chop girls bosom bathe body with acid after gang rape.. WATCH Pruthviraj Jadeja a Gujarat police constable carried two children on his shoulders for over 1.5 km in flood waters in Kalyanpar village of Morbi district to safety.. Haryana youth wants Jaguar dumps BMW into canal. How to cook the perfect chicken biryani [R]: Ive tried cooking multiple times. It comes out good but it never comes as tasty as restaurants. Ive checked with friends and they too arent able to cook like restaurants. Its the same recipe written everywhere. Just Google chicken biryani times of India since we cant post any links here. It doesnt even come close to the restaurant style. Even these roadside stalls are cooking a better biryani than whats given here. What are restaurants doing different than what is given in that recipe. Dalits demand public road after 58 years. 13YearOld UP GangRape Survivor Commits Suicide Allegedly After Insults. Inside Kashmir Cut Off From the World A Living Hell of Anger and Fear. Kashmir Are Foreign amp Indian Media Reporting on the Same Place. Most Feel good song by computer: Check out Mr. Blue Sky by Electric Light Orchestra on Amazon Music https//music.amazon.in/albums/B017E838WCtrackAsinB017E82ZYYamprefdmshzDIuUyKw31nZddxt1cAHb2QnB. Unnao CBI deliberately did not name MLA in murder case of rape survivors father court told India News Times of India. Why India Owes Kashmir Independence. Received these from u/iamsatyajeet in the mail. In Srinagar Hospital Ward Pellet Victims Belie Official Claims of Calm. Client helps cops rescue woman from Delhis GB Road brothel. I dont know whats up with these racist indianhater people although cake day coming soon. Bramhakamal bloomed in my garden State flower of Uttarakhand.. A fountain in Suchitra Hyderabad. Gang raped and dumped in Gurgaon 15 years old takes lift. Raped again.. Gangraped and dumped 15 years old takes lift and raped again.. Reality Check Kashmiri View Silenced By Fear. Unnao rape case Delhi court to slap POCSO against Kuldeep Singh Sengar MLA also faces rape criminal conspiracy charges. Historic election held in Pakistans former tribal districts. Banned from /r/Pakistan: [removed]. Youth gets death for rape murder of infant in Warangal. Misogyny at its best: While i was reading this news [Two women raped in Mohali hotel]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chandigarh/twowomenrapedinmohalihotel/articleshow/70597023.cms Found this sick comment ampx200B https//i.redd.it/fs0a0gpdtdf31.png. wish happy raksha bhandhan with this surprise message. Hawker tries to sell Chetan Bhagats book to author and people are in splits When he asked if the author is any good the hawker replied It sells well. Bhagat then asked if it was a pirated copy to which the hawker admitted that it was a copy made from a print online.. Inside Indias Secret Movement of Homebrewers. Any guys exploring CMNM fun: Any guys exploring CMNM fun. 15 year old gangraped in Gurgaon takes lift home raped again. Baahubali Actor Madhu Prakash Arrested After Wifes Death Family Alleges Dowry Harassment. Kashmirs First Casualty After Article 370 17YearOld Drowns Fleeing CRPF. Murderous Assault SAIL Chairman Attacked by Armed Men With Iron Rods in South Delhi. How silicon is best option as a material For Adult Toy Which Online store in India sell silicone made adult toys : [removed]. Gangraped and dumped in Gurgaon by 3 men 15yearold asks 2 men for a lift home is raped again.. Evolution of India with all Rulers/Dynasty. insights of scrapping of article 370.: for those who are not able to see the bigger picture related to scrapping of article 370. issue of jampk is more messed up than I ever thought. in 1947 when Pakistan invaded jampk amp captured 70 of Kashmir then only Maharaja harisinghking of jampk called pandit jwhrlal nehru to save jampk. pandit ji agreed to send army on the term that jampk will join with India where maharaja only permitted only 3 things but he agreed amp where 370 amp special status were born. but now since jampk is a UT which immediately makes whole of jampk as part of India even the part that is captured by Pakistanis which is known as POKPakistan occupied Kashmir / azaad Kashmir. at that time China also captured some of the part from ladhak which currently is known as AKSI CHIN COL now ladhak is also a UT that makes whole ladhak as part of India. https//encryptedtbn0.gstatic.com/imagesqtbnANd9GcTipzdl1c0hWcPyQ0gHyBx0npcUkQdjIOCypHyBSde1xbCsh4w posting from mobile cant embed link sorry for that India will have to invade into POK amp COL amp reroute the whole LOC which includes jampk POK as one UT ladhak amp COL as one UT whole world Knows that Pakistani amp China has captured some areas of jampk illegally tabhi Pakistan ki faat rahi hai. even if Pakistan appeal to UN they wont be able to take their side. India might have to produce a legal document stating agreement between Maharaja amp pandit jawahrlal nehru. Pakistan claims that India has captured jampk illegally and there was no agreement between Maharaja has given whole of jampk to India. POK is area with very less literacy rate amp Pakistan wants to keep it that way so as to produce millitants. locals minus militants from POK also wants to join with India. Also as per reports POK is a hub of thousands of millitants. so scrapping of 360 was just a beginning many more surgical strike are coming through agr Pakistan Aram se nhi manta toh .. Pakistan ki gd marli jaegi. what are your thoughts about it I sort of live in jampk and if youll ask what I thought of scrapping this well I didnt like the idea of scrapping special status at first amp kind of worried that our state will get over crowded. but seeing the bigger picture I think India is heading towards right direction all in all scrapping 370 is a healthy descion amp whats ours will be taken back btw please dont overpopulate our state D amp if you come to Live here keep it as beautiful as it is now.. How is reddit allowing the disgusting things said about Indians on /r/Pakistan to go uncondemed: [removed]. What happened the night a journalist was mowed down by a car driven by an IAS officer. Does the National Capital Region need another airport even if it comes at great ecological cost. Speculation of the incoming recession: \There is unannounced financial crisis in India. Such crises appear to the public slowly. I consider the current situation is only first round of crisis.\ ampx200B Increasing the NPA of banks means. Scarcity of capital which means no fresh investment. The glorification of bankrupt law and Continuous scams in companies Homes are not being sold which means sale of steel cement bathroom fittings construction declining. With this banks NPAs will grow. These NPAs go deep into individual level by making the crisis deeper Vehicle sales are declining. At present first time in the country sale of two wheelers are showing negative growth. Maruti has cut down production by 50. Many of the auto dealers are closing down. This means there is substantial reduction demand for steel tyre and other accessories. ampx200B The above three things are meant to be the end of the crores of jobs and the reduction of governments tax revenues. In such a situation the government becomes frustrated and wants to complete its loss by putting taxes on everything The government hands over the profits in private hands and puts the deficit in the government account. In such a situation the government properties are sold in multiples of their favorite corporate and the losses increase. ampx200B Crisis in India will be visible around March 2020 Most of the average Indians are unaware about this. Its time to be careful when you are not able to sell soap shampoo and detergent. ampx200B For the past few years even the FMCG sector is also in the grip of recession. Do you remember when you have last seen Baba Ramdevs Patanjali Companys advertisement Patanjali was most active on TV about 2 years back. but for last one year the condition of even Patanjali which grew at the fastest pace in Indias FMCG market is alarming.. Sales of Patanjalis products is shrinking. Apart from this Patanjali Ayurveda has shown 10 Revenue Deficit in FY 2018. Not only companies such as Patanjali but Hindustan Lever also have come down in growth. Demand for fastselling consumer goods such as soap toothpaste hair oil biscuits etc. has decreased considerably in rural areas. This has also slowed down the performance of those businesses which are dependent on healthy rural demand. It includes FMCG twowheeler and auto companies that make entrylevel cars. Now come on the transportAccording to the report of the Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training 15 drop in truck rentals has reported since November 2018. Also Fleet Utilization has dropped more than that. All 75 trunk routes rentals have gone down substantially. Between April and June Fleet Utilization has decreased 25 to 30 compared to the first quarter of last year. This also reduces the income of transporters by about 30. Many operators may also come in the Fleets EMI default in the next quarter. There is a clear impact on the freight demand because of reduction in industrial production. Demand from the manufacturing sector which contributes the most to truck transport is at minimum level. Consumers spending in cities and rural areas have reduced and transportation in agriculture has almost become sluggish after the peak demand of April. In June the demand for fruits and vegetables by FMCG has decreased by 20. Due to the decrease of the freight demand truck fleet has reduced by 30 on all major routes of the country in the first quarter.. How Rupert Murdoch saved KBC from being merely Kaun Banega Lakhpati. Kolkata horror You should be raped woman tells girl in shorts. Do you suffer from phone separation anxiety If you cant leave the room without picking up your smartphone you might have phone separation anxiety also known as nomophobia.. Kerala Nun Who Protested Against Rape Accused Bishop Dismissed From Church. War is next : Looks like Pakistan is preparing for some kind of retaliation . Its all over internet with rumours of PAF soon to infiltrate Indian territory. Looks like Pakistanis have had enough from their responses and are ready to shed blood .. Kashmiri pandit opinion does it matter to anyone I support resettlement where they were forcefully chased just because they had a different faith.. Shopping USA Branded Headphones: [removed]. Independence day sale Mark the freedom of your erotic gratification this Independence day .. I was 6 when father started molesting me Rajasthan teen raped for 10 years. The victim also alleged that her father who is a teacher raped one of his students who used to come for home tuition.. Genuine question What will now happen to the al[r]eady pending court cases in JampK: [removed]. It seems I need to get a certificate from such people to prove that I am a True Indian. PM sent by user u/indindindian abusing in private.. News coverage of Article 370: Am i the only one who is seeing that some news outlets are spewing bullsht like this move is gonna cause resentment. Like who the fck has asked Huffington India to say that this move is illegal and their moron of a Editor in cheif is acting like a general idiot. Even BBC is criticizing India. Its just sad to see how these so called credible news outlets are portraying India as evil who is just trying to help the minorities in Kashmir and their upliftment. Would be glad if someone would put some sense into these news sources .. DifferentlyAbled Teen From Bihar Allegedly Raped In Rajasthan Dies. Why we must grow grass under our feet. Help Mumbai Abandoned dog left to die by owner he gets new puppies and dogs. Delhi Cab driver allegedly rapes JNU student after drugging her. Unnao rape survivors case shows rural India needs a MeToo. Does the National Capital Region need another airport at the cost of the environment. No Article 370 for Jammu amp Kashmir historic move by Modi govt Live Video. Kashmir is now a union territory. ExGoogle man restoring Indias water bodies 93 and counting. Unnao rape accused Kuldeep Singh sengar prays for complete recovery of survivor. Are there any Andhra University Alumni or students in the sub Invite to join a new sub for A.U. students and alumnus.: Andhra University has rich past but like many other historical state run institutions the standards of the university have been in decline for decades now. At the same time the university has some great works and research going on. I wonder if we can talk about the good and bad the future and past about the university. Visit r/andhrauniversity Looking forward to see you there.. Are there any Andhra University Alumni or students in the sub Invite to join a new sub for A.U. students and alumnus.: [https//www.reddit.com/r/andhrauniversity/]https//www.reddit.com/r/andhrauniversity/ Andhra University has rich past but like many other historical state run institutions the standards of the university have been in decline for decades now. At the same time the university has some great works and research going on. I wonder if we can talk about the good and bad the future and past about the university. Looking forward to see you there.. This hashtag MeatEatersAreSinners has 30k tweets and is trending in India. All the tweets have one phone number and a link to some ebook by a spiritual leader. Clickfarms are real.. Unnao Rape Accused Kuldeep Sengars Premises Raided By CBI. BJP MLA sympathises with Unnao rape accused Kuldeep Singh Sengar The Hindu. The Apu Paradox How I Bear the Burden of My Canadian Accent in India. No Unnao rape victim has not passed away. Alt News. Hows College Life Treating You I Cant Wait For Mine To Get Over. Times Now Republic and Zee News lead TV news attack on BJP in Unnao rape case. MeToo has to happen. Everyone has a mother sister or a daughter says A.R. Rahman. Unnao rape victims uncle who is prime witness shifted to Tihar jail. Unnao rape survivor develops pneumonia remains critical but stable SC judgement on 5 August to determine her transfer to AIIMS. Unnao Rape Survivor Still Critical Suffering From Pneumonia Doctors The lawyer who was admitted to the same hospital as the rape survivor has begun breathing without the help of a ventilator.. Bleeding Lungs Multiple Fractures Unnao Rape Survivor on Ventilator Next 48 Hours Critical [30th July 2019]. Man rapes motherinlaw threatens to divorce wife if complaint lodged. Need some career help regarding data science: Im an economics graduate from an okay college in Delhi University but not one of the top 5 like SRCC Stephens etc. I have quite good English speaking and writing skills. I have also done an internship wherein i conducted a developmental research study so i have some experience in that. I have been job hunting for a couple months now and every business analyst/research profile interview i attend my competition is always with an MBA fresher or someone with more experience. The result being i mostly get to the final round only to be rejected in the end. I also gave a couple interviews in big bpo companies like FIS for chat/email process dont want anything to do with voice process and got selected without any efforts. I also gave an interview for a b2b sales profile and got selected. The thing is the recruiters hiring for the profile that Im interested in like business research/analyst always find a reason to reject my application on the grounds of zero experience or an want of an MBA graduate. I got rejected by this startup once because i wasnt academically brilliant even though i cleared their stupid reasoning quant and comprehension test. I am very interested in data science the one niche field that combines tools like python R and the knowledge of statistics and economics/econometrics. I scores really well in these subjects in my graduation too. To go into this field i need to learn python or R and other statistical modelling tolls and brush up my statistics and economics fundamentals. Im pretty confident in the later but i need some guidance on the former part. These are my two options Should i go for a master course in data science and go about it the traditional way or get a bpo/sales job that i got selected for and learn python on the side and develop my portfolio on data science forums like Kaggle to get a job in this field. Thank you so much for reading and Id love a response from someone in data science. Chao. Want to Grow a Forest Learn from the Last Student of the Man Who Grew 40Mn Trees. Sometimes I feel India doesnt get enough credit for inventing communism. Uttar Pradesh man loses wife in gambling lets friends gangrape her. Can the uptick in Indias tiger population continue while their habitats shrink. In Tamil Nadu anatomy of a caste crime Families devastated by honour killings speak of the scourge. Indian media is an uppercaste fortress suggests report on caste representation. Fit for fast trial Unnao rape case hasnt moved at all.. Top Court Intervenes in Rape Case That Has Stunned India. Mukhtar Ansari Gayatri Prajapati and Now Kuldeep Sengar Why Parties Cant Do Without Tainted Netas. How One Woman With a Special Plan Saved Assams Hargila Storks From Extinction. 19yearold girl gangraped on birthday in Mumbai. Car crash in India sparks public anger regarding highprofile rape case. She said No so Im wearing it . Need Help... I am Depressed:  I graduated from the college last year Pursued [B.Tech]https//b.tech/ in CSE from a private university and scored about 8.7 CGPA. In the college didnt appear for placements as I wanted to pursue [M.Tech]https//m.tech/. Graduated in July 18 and then procrastinated a lot and couldnt focus well for GATE. Got very low score in GATE couldnt clear it. Since the results came out I have been very depressed. Couldnt focus on academia and could neither sleep well too. I have grown black heads under the eyes due to intense pressure. Also the thought of having a gap of 2 years haunts me. I dont think no good recruiter would hire me. I dont want to be hired for 3 LPA or any servicebased company. Due to intense depression and mental disease ADHD and OCD I forgot most of the stuff and I cant focus well on even basic fundamentals. I cant solve Leetcode problems or the ones on HackerRank and similar platforms even the easy ones Also there are a lot of things and so less time I dont know how I wasted 4 years of engineering. The thing that haunts me the most is no productbased company is gonna hire me seeing a 2year gap and that I graduated from a private university. As a result I cant learn stuff and focus on things. My heart constantly beats faster due to so much of stress. I wanna just end my life to free up pain. Please please please people of [r/india]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/... help me out with your valuable suggestions. Need help.. I am depressed: [removed]. How Bluru Techie Building Dream Home With His Own Hands. Indias Top Court Moves Politicians Rape Trial Over Intimidation Fears. Malaysian Senator Apologizes After Claiming Men Are Seduced Into Rape. UP school girl questions UP police how will they protect her citing Unnao rape case.. 3YearOld Girl GangRaped Beheaded In Jamshedpur 3 Arrested Police. [Serious]What kind of parents did you have Authoritarian Authoritative Permissive or Uninvolved: Or was it a combination of them I came across this [link]https//www.verywellfamily.com/typesofparentingstyles1095045 that proposes four types of parenting styles. Authoritarian Focus on obedience amp punishment over discipline Authoritative Create posiitve enviornment amp enforce rules Permissive Dont enforce rules i.e. Kids will be Kids Uninvolved Provide little guidance nurturing or attention. Mine were a mix of two Authoritarian and Uninvolved. Im wondering how common that is in India. My parents were authority figures that had little to no interest in me beyond my manners and accomplishments. And Ive grown into a pretty private and aloof person. Im wondering if the low effort parenting style my parents had had something to do with that. Does anyone else relate to having experienced low effort parenting. Unnao rape accused Kuldeep Singh Sengar expelled from BJP. Nice Try SBI Better luck next time.... Top Court To Transfer 4 Cases Linked To Unnao Rape Out Of UP To Delhi. Shop for quality love dolls and pleasure toys In surat Jaipur Ambala and Ludhiana . Where pleasure and satisfaction meet with the silicone made realistic skin . Get discount upto 25 0ff on your purchase this independence day .. In reallife Man vs Wild contest in India scales are heavily tilted in favour of former to environments detriment. Unnao teen has no clue of MeToo just wants her rapist BJP MLA sacked. Having Accused a Politician of Rape She Feared for Her Life. Now Shes Fighting for It.. Unnao teen has no clue of MeToo just wants her rapist BJP MLA sacked Oct 2018: gt I dont have a phone I dont watch TV so I have no idea what is going onThe only thing that is on my mind is my father. Had I kept quiet about what happened with me he would have been with usI keep thinking about him all day. gt What has speaking up given me The government has done nothing for me or my family no aid no compensationI have just lost my father. gt He has done so much harm to meraped me and then killed my father. Why is he still in the party The PM keeps talking of Beti Bachao but I think all that is a lie. Source https//theprint.in/india/governance/unnaoteenhasnoclueofmetoojustwantsherrapistbjpmlasacked/137769/. Hyderabad Escorts Couple For Threesome Sex BDSM Foot Worship Cam Sessions. Pakistans Hasan Ali all set to tie knot with Haryana aeronautical engineer. SC questions delay in placing Unnao rape survivors letter before CJI. 2 Weeks Before Accident Unnao Rape Survivor Wrote To Chief Justice On Threat. Woman Accuses BJP Worker Driver Of Rape In UPs Meerut. The biggest fraud Ive seen what went wrong with the JNU entrance exam. I am an Indian who came to Pakistan for the Track II dialogue. Heres what I think. Idk what to say... In a letter dated 12 July 2019 Unnao rape victim wrote to Chief Justice of India Ranjan Gogoi to take action against those who are making threats.Letter statesPeople came to my house amp threatened to take back casesotherwise whole family will be put in jail in fake cases.. India Ashamed Outrage Grows Over Ruling Party Lawmaker Accused of Rape. Kuldeep Sengar the Unnao rape accused even BJP cant act against A prominent Thakur leader he is referred to as a bahubali.. [Rant/Thought] What will it take for a radical institutionalized change in the police system else were doomed: I saw the Article 15 a few weeks back and was wondering that something like [Badaun]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014Badaungangrapeallegations must have happened a few decades ago until I found out that it was just 5 years back then of course we [Unnao]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/unnaorapesurvivoraccidentbjpmlakuldeepsinghsengaramong10namedinfir/article28748925.ece came into light and today I read about [Jaipur]https//www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/jaipurrapefirevaishalinagarpolicestationindiaa9025081.html its shocking to be aware of the fact that how recklessly our police works. I mean all this is so pathetic that I sitting in my metro house would not believe in these stories if we didnt have enough evidence. I know corruption is everywhere Im sure it exists in the so called cultured western countries too but here we are staring at an alarming level of negligence and manipulation from our police. I mean earning some extra money to grant someone a favorable position in commerce is one thing not that thats correct but covering up for rape and murder for money is baffling. In Badaun its reported that even CBI was acting on behalf of the politicians. We have enough evidence that the system has failed miserably that no one at least in the middle class is safe anymore. Come to think of it if some super rich person does something wrong to you you cant really do anything as I am pretty sure that theyd have the resources to buy the police and facts will be twisted against you. Somehow this fear is quite haunting to live with. What amazes me more is how we our media and the government amp machinery conveniently forget about these incidents once the fire subsides. I wonder whats the tipping point what is it that we are we expecting to happen for a revolution to take place against the current police system. I wonder there is if no one at the top who actually cares about sorting out this mess and making police accountable for their work. I am sure there are enough case studies probably from South America where it was equally fucked up if not worse....and people tried to clean it up. TLDR Seen enough examples of police system failure amazed how we all are cool with it. What is it that will help India improve its systems. Is anything happening Is there anyone even interested in that. Settle With BJP Lawmaker Cops Allegedly Told Unnao Rape Survivors Family. Woman making rape claim dies after setting herself on fire in India police station over alleged police inaction. For the past two months the investigation has not moved even an inch. Instead police targeted my wife and hounded her as though she was an accused says womans husband.. Unnao rape survivors accident Truck owned by brother of Samajwadi Party leader Nandu Pal. Owner of truck that hit Unnao rape survivors car belongs to same district as Sengars. Unnao rape survivor accident BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar among 10 named in FIR: Unnao rape survivor accident BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar among 10 named in FIR https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/unnaorapesurvivoraccidentbjpmlakuldeepsinghsengaramong10namedinfir/article28748925.ece. Young love and the bloodlust of caste Why 8 families have fled Tamil Nadu. From Discovery a Glimpse of What Modi Was Doing on the Day of Pulwama. Why We Should Retire the Phrase Girls Mature Faster than Boys. Internet throttling: Are you guys having trouble with websites like imgur and gfycat getting throttled on various ISPs Im facing it on Jio and my local cable ISP. Location Mumbai. Reddit experience is like on 2G internet. Texts and posts load fine but image and video are unbearable.. mods please make a single megathread for modi and man vs wild thing.. 15yearold Muslim boy set on fire for not chanting Jai Shri Ram in UPs Chandauli. Unnao woman who accused BJP MLA of rape hit by truck lawyer dies. Ixigo made an infocommercial about what things you can take and should not take from hotels. An year old video but in light of recent event a must watch and must share one.b. PM urges Indians to change our point of view about Monsoon. Translation in comments. Tamil Bigg Boss 3 Contestant Admits He Molested Women on Bus as Kamal Haasan Audience Laugh. An Indian family steals everything from the hotel room in Bali.. Meanwhile in a restaurant in Tirupati. Did somebody tried to steal my information: Just a few moments ago i get flooded with all these text messages at once all having OTP for different services. https//i.imgur.com/l0AHXln.png https//i.imgur.com/RTKuRbl.png Out of all these services shown in the message Ive only used Flipkart Snapdeal Amazon and Wynk. But there are messages from Unacademy BSNL Portal Oyo Rooms Tinder etc. that i havent used ever. Because of these messages coming almost at the same time Im worried about the security of my money. Could somebody explain to me whats this all about. How Bollywood Bad Man Gulshan Grover suffered through Hollywood You became a face in the crowd. How Heera Group scammed over 1.75 lakh people using faith and a web of deception. Indian judge goes viral with speech claiming uppercaste Brahmins should always be at the helm. NDRF Indian Navy teams rescuing passengers of Mahalaxm iExpress train. 600 passengers rescued so far. Canada mata ki jai. Indian tourists getting caught stealing stuff from hotel in Bali. Bad behavior of a few traveling Indians is ruining the name of the whole country. What could be the reasons for the entitled behavior and how could this be minimised. This Karnataka Man Built a 21Acre Food Forest in 23 years Heres How He Did it. My first attempt for cartoon character. Really its worth buy products from USA: [removed]. A Must Watch If Youre An Indian Overpopulation A Threat To Mankind. Why is some of the things about rules and logics here that are so controlling and infuriating: So lets Ban male female interaction because one guy got insane and did something wrong. Lets Ban pornography because one guy got insane and did something wrong. Lets Ban PuBG and Tiktok because people enjoy it I dont use neither but it seems wrong because a lot of my friends do it Lets Ban Valentine day because... I dont remember the reason. Point is. Freedom is greatly hindered in here. You cant do what you want. You cant say what you want. No wonder Indians who go to foreign dont come back. Its combined Dictatorship. Arnabs onesided screamathon with Aparna Sen was vicious its time he brings decency to nightly gig or bid adieu to viewers. Preventive health care:  Hello my fellow Redditors I created a website about healthy lifestyle and diet. Can you guys please give me review about my articles. This is a healthy initiative amp effort by me to create awareness about general health in a metro city. I appreciate your effort and help. [http//whateverittakes.in/blog/whypreventivehealthcare.html]http//whateverittakes.in/blog/whypreventivehealthcare.html. After sexual assault by students Ktaka college bars phones malefemale interaction. Turning floral waste into soap incense The story of a womenrun Telangana startup. How consent for Dibang dam was manufactured by terrorising the people of Arunachal Pradesh. Question for those in their late20s How are you handling thoughts of life and career ambition adult pressures love: [removed]. Rescued From Euthanasia amp Abuse Woman Gives 800 Animals a Retirement Home. How an Indian officer helped an enemy captain win Pakistans highest gallantry award. Poster in my Farewell party.. 14 Month Old Congress JD S Loses Trust Vote Karnataka Government Falls. A Political Simulation Of India r/ModelIndia: [removed]. Super failure Horrors of IIT dream.. To the law activists I need someone to file a PIL which I have and is about the number False Rape cases and its effect in India.: This is a request of a person Im acquainted with and seeing their plight Im moved. The accused has written a PIL all in law terminology with references to previous similar cases questions posted to the Honble Chief Justice Honble Delhi High Court and everything. In all its a 11 Paged PIL. With subject being SEEKING YOUR IMMEDIATE INTERVENTION TO HELP THOSE WHO ARE FALSELY IMPLICATED IN RAPE CASES AND LANGUISHING IN JAILS.. Feeding a family of stray cats: I just found out that there is a family of stray cat living gin my PG. There is one female and 3 of her kittens. I have seen their mother wander here and there for food but never know she loved here and have a family. I would love to buy some cat food for them and feed them on regular basis two times a day. But I am confused which cat food to buy because there are few different kind of cat food on amazon and flipkart and I dont know which one do they like/prefer. Any help/tip in handling or feeding them is appreciated.. Who is a Brahmin One who eats veg loves Carnatic music has clean habits says Kerala judge. What Its Like to Get an Abortion as an Unmarried Woman in India. Kitni Salary Hai Questions Indians Need to Stop Asking Strangers. Motor Vehicle Amendment Bill 2019 is passed in Lok Sabha with thumping majority.: [removed]. The dancers guide to hitchhiking. Tejasvi Suryas rage on Hampi shows how much Indians have come to love the slime of victimhood. Prime Time With Ravish July 11 2019 When Caste Becomes More Important Than Ones Own Children. Third eye cafe Indias only fully transgender cafe. Does the concept of dating not exist in India: [removed]. Backstory The Quality of Empathy Is What Makes Journalism. Pond in my Ahmedabad Locality is a Bane But No One is Listening. How Sheila Dikshit Joined Politics When Her IAS Husband Couldnt. Assam Floods Have Put 90 Percent of Kaziranga National Park Under Water. Solution to Stubble Burning Punjab Man Uses Straw to Make Fuel EcoProducts. Toe nails missing arm bruised gangraped Dalit woman asks Why would I make up case risk threat The 35yearold Dalit woman a mother of four has accused policemen at a Churu police station of keeping her in illegal custody for 7 days gangraping her amp killing her brotherinlaw in front of her. Chhattisgarh Man gets friend to rape minor wife then divorces her. [Notifications horror] I think...I think... I have an SIP coming up.. The Muzaffarnagar whitewash Like in murder accused got away in rape rioting cases too. Despite threats and harassment Mumbai activists are putting up a strong fight to save Aarey Colony. Gully Life The Story of DIVINE takes an indepth look at how a young rapper from Mumbai became one of the most soughtafter musicians in India.. Govind decided to clean a septic tank to earn extra money for Holi. He drowned in shit. A forest to my name. Indian medias MeToo movement left out its countless women freelancers in hinterland. Rajasthan Two sisters held captive for 2 months raped repeatedly. Study Abroad Scholarships Admissions Abroad Colleges amp University. Historyoftheday. Tamil writer Pathinathan returns home to Sri Lanka after documenting refugee life in India over three decades. No country for kids to go out and play. DDA Stop Choking Delhis Parks and Outdoor Gyms with Concrete. ThisdayinPsychology. Shocking Visa rejection of esports players who were expected to represent India in Pmco Global Finals in Germany: I follow PUBG a lot and today i came across this news that one of the 3 teams who qualified through PUBG Mobile Club Open India Finals out of 10000 teams who registered for the same were denied for German VISA Team IND runner up of PMCO India finals won 30000 and qualified for PMCO Global prelims scheduled on 2021 in Germany a total of only 31 teams qualified from around the world.. Those Who Made It Sant Chatwal. Indias Looming Crisis of Citizenship A Paradox of Protection and Power. What growing up with two abusive men taught me about the MeToo movement in India. [AskIndia] What are the possible outcomes of MJ Akbars defamation case against journalist Priya Ramani on MeToo allegations: As most of you know MJ Akbar is accused by many women on MeToo months back and he stepped down from the ministry. Journalist Priya Ramani first narrated her horrific experience with Akbar in an article and 8 more women came out against him. After stepping down from the ministry MJ initiated defamation case against Priya Ramani stating all the allegations are false. The case is ongoing trail in the courts and Priya Ramani swore that she is not guilty and the allegations are true. Id like to know what are the possible outcomes of this case. This case is against Priya Ramani and she has to prove her innocence aka there is no hidden intentions to malign MJ with the akbar the allegations are not false. On top of my head these are the possible outcomes I can think of. Not enough evidence to prove the allegations. Verdict in favor of MJ Akbar Priya may go to Jail. Allegations are true. Priya not guilty though nothing happens to MJ. MJ withdraws the case. MJ only targeted Priya and left others who came out against him. With little to no evidence to prove the harassments happened years back Im curious on what grounds Priya can win this case or come out not guilty.. Kerala IPS officer Merin goes to Saudi to nab child rape accused brings him to India. Assam floods Let us stand by our state in these dire times: [removed]. My colleagues incompetence is killing me: [removed]. Assam Floods:  News [Brahmaputra crosses danger mark in Guwahati water rises by 3 cm/hour]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/assamfloodguwahatibrahmaputrawaterlevel156942120190715 [Floods displace over 4 lakh in Assam]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/floodsdisplaceover4lakhinassam/article28391969.ece [In Pics Heres all you need to know about the devastating Assam floods]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/inpicsheresallyouneedtoknowaboutthedevastatingassamfloods4207811.html [Video 1]https//twitter.com/htTweets/status/1150412011710189568 [Video 2]https//twitter.com/guwahatiplus/status/1151077214907092994 ampx200B Live updates [NDTV]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/assamfloodliveupdates11killedover26lakhaffectedasfloodsituationworsens2069542 ampx200B Donation links [CM Relief Fund]https//cm.assam.gov.in/relieffund.php [Paytm]https//paytm.com/helpinghand/assamchiefministersrelieffund. Assam Floods:  News \[Brahmaputra crosses danger mark in Guwahati water rises by 3 cm/hour\][https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/assamfloodguwahatibrahmaputrawaterlevel156942120190715]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/assamfloodguwahatibrahmaputrawaterlevel156942120190715 \[Floods displace over 4 lakh in Assam\][https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/floodsdisplaceover4lakhinassam/article28391969.ece]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/floodsdisplaceover4lakhinassam/article28391969.ece \[In Pics Heres all you need to know about the devastating Assam floods\][https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/inpicsheresallyouneedtoknowaboutthedevastatingassamfloods4207811.html]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/inpicsheresallyouneedtoknowaboutthedevastatingassamfloods4207811.html Video \[1\][https//twitter.com/htTweets/status/1150412011710189568]https//twitter.com/htTweets/status/1150412011710189568 \[2\][https//twitter.com/guwahatiplus/status/1151077214907092994]https//twitter.com/guwahatiplus/status/1151077214907092994 ampx200B Live updates \[NDTV\][https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/assamfloodliveupdates11killedover26lakhaffectedasfloodsituationworsens2069542]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/assamfloodliveupdates11killedover26lakhaffectedasfloodsituationworsens2069542 ampx200B Donation links \[CM Relief Fund\][https//cm.assam.gov.in/relieffund.php]https//cm.assam.gov.in/relieffund.php \[Paytm\][https//paytm.com/helpinghand/assamchiefministersrelieffund]https//paytm.com/helpinghand/assamchiefministersrelieffund. Assam Floods: \News \[Brahmaputra crosses danger mark in Guwahati water rises by 3 cm/hour\][https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/assamfloodguwahatibrahmaputrawaterlevel156942120190715]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/assamfloodguwahatibrahmaputrawaterlevel156942120190715 \[Floods displace over 4 lakh in Assam\][https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/floodsdisplaceover4lakhinassam/article28391969.ece]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/floodsdisplaceover4lakhinassam/article28391969.ece \[In Pics Heres all you need to know about the devastating Assam floods\][https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/inpicsheresallyouneedtoknowaboutthedevastatingassamfloods4207811.html]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/inpicsheresallyouneedtoknowaboutthedevastatingassamfloods4207811.html Video \[1\][https//twitter.com/htTweets/status/1150412011710189568]https//twitter.com/htTweets/status/1150412011710189568 \[2\][https//twitter.com/guwahatiplus/status/1151077214907092994]https//twitter.com/guwahatiplus/status/1151077214907092994 ampx200B \Live updates \[NDTV\][https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/assamfloodliveupdates11killedover26lakhaffectedasfloodsituationworsens2069542]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/assamfloodliveupdates11killedover26lakhaffectedasfloodsituationworsens2069542 ampx200B \Donation links \[CM Relief Fund\][https//cm.assam.gov.in/relieffund.php]https//cm.assam.gov.in/relieffund.php \[Paytm\][https//paytm.com/helpinghand/assamchiefministersrelieffund]https//paytm.com/helpinghand/assamchiefministersrelieffund. Government to set up 1023 fast track courts to clear pending rape POCSO cases. According to government data at least 90000 cases related to sexual offences against children were pending trial till 2016. The fast track court aims to clear the back log.. Supreme court takes suo motu cognizance of alarming rise in child rape cases. A bench of Chief Justice of India Ranjan Gogoi and Justices Deepak Gupta and Aniruddha Bose said that between January 1 and June 30 this year a total of 24212 FIRs related to child rapes were filed across the country. Her profile read something like dont be a male chauvinist with toxic masculinity so i made this sarcastic reply to get the conversation going. Boy was it a mistake.. ThisDayInPsychology. Step by Step Mutual Divorce Procedure in India All you must need to kn.... [URGENT] False accusation against me and Idk what to do: [removed]. Indias Terrifying Water Crisis. Hyderabad over the years. Deveopment at the cost of its lakes and greenery.. Hyderabad over the years. Development at the cost of lakes and greenery.. Madhya Pradesh 13yearold boy lures toddler with toffee rapes her. Teachers at my little brothers school tortured him into mental illness what are my options legally.: It started when my little brother was in 8th grade we sent him to tuition classes at one of his school teachers place very popular among that school the teacher is a loud mouth and has a reputation of making fun of her pupils for shits and giggles so she started picking on my brother about his weight as he was a skinny little kid calling him names like dandiya Single pasli etc along the lines making fun of him in front of everyone he became a punching bag for everyone this went on for god knows how long after that he started creating a scene everyday about not wanting to go to school and tution my parents being a typical middle class parents forced him to go thinking he is just being a bad kid not wanting to study until he reached his breaking point he became violent and abusive to the point he started abusing my father we never dared raise our voice in front of him ever it become worse as time passed even when we were laughing about completely unrelated topic he would assume we were mocking him and would throw a fit its been three years he hasnt left the house flunked 10th boards and been on medication ever since what boiled my blood is when one of his classmate got in touch with me about how he was tortured in schoool and told few instances where a teacher once cut his hair in class in front of everyone berating him while doing so and one time a teacher made to bring oil from canteen the one used for making vada and forcefully applied it to his hair one time a teacher asked his classmates to slap him repeatedly for some shit also he was called names in front of tge whole class like Pagal pscycho gadha and all that it really fucked me up how ge had to go through all that alone and we were on no help. Is there anything legally i can do to bring the school and the teachers to justice. Greece Visa A Guide for Indians. ThisdayinPsychology. Isse mai apni. Kabir Singh song Cover. ThisDayInPsychology. ThisdayinPsychology. [SHOWER THOUGHT] Multiple subreddits based on India is a great example how this country exists. We are too diverse to agree on something and yet we have figured out a way to debate and find a common ground.. I relate to this on levels I cant even explain.. 11yearold boy booked for raping 4yearold girl in Dehradun. Telangana boy declared brain dead comes alive amid funeral prep. What are various government post which will give me real power on ground level and allow me to serve India and bring about a change and contribute to nation : I really want to serve India and bring about change . What can I do . [SERIOUS]How would you strike a conversation with a colleague with whom youve matched on Tinder: Ive been meaning to ask her out for a year before matching with her recently. I dont really know a lot about her and would love to go out with her. Really want to make this work Didnt ask her earlier because I was worried of getting into trouble but since she swiped back I might be in luck.. Real Meaning of DONT QUIT. False narrative India slams UN rights body report on Kashmir. I think our govt. is meme riding the EV trend [R]: So it sounds good on the surface that our govt. is proev and they are ready to take important policy decisions to support the ecosystem however I still have a lot of questions regarding the same 1 Is our power grid capable enough to handle the energy load if the industry makes the shift from fossil fuels to EVs 2 Do we have enough resources and infrastructure at disposal to recycle current LiPo/LiIon batteries 3 Has the government even thought on implementing a onesizefitsforall battery which can be used universally across all EVs similar to USB standard for PCs 4 Why is the govt. stuck on EVs alone there are better alternatives like Hydrogen Cars which have all the benefits of EVs and they can be easily refueled similar to petrol/diesel My sole purpose for this post is to get the message out and start a discussion so that more people become aware about it. Make in India failed because the NITI Aayog is good at mental masturbation but bad when it comes to implementation.. On Video 24 Thrashed Forced To Say Gau Mata Ki Jai In Madhya Pradesh. Im starting to hate living in India: First of all Id like to apologize if anyone finds this post offensive. This is just my opinion. Ive been living in India Hyderabad since I was born. Nowadays I feel like its getting too crowded. The population has increased too much and there is no system here. For instance traffic rules in Hyderabad dont mean jack shit. There is no lane system and people do whatever the fuck they want. All the roads are fucked there are speed breakers everywhere and I feel like over time thats gonna affect my back. On top of that pedestrians will walk wherever they want. There is no proper garbage disposal. The garbage is dumped wherever they can and they are fucking the environment. Just look at Chennai they couldnt preserve their water source and fucked themselves. Furthermore everything is turning into a concrete jungle. Im pretty sure more parts of India will end up fucking themselves and run out of water because of it. This is the offensive part of the post I do not like traditions like Ganesh Chaturvedi Holi or Diwali. They cause harm to our environment. People pollute water sources in Ganesh Chaturvedi and cause air pollution in Diwali. However it can be celebrated by using nonpolluting materials to make the Ganesh and I respect people who do that but most dont. To give an example of how illiterate people in India are consider the Yamuna river which is supposed to be a god or something but people still polluted it and now its become a river that smells like shit.. Guys if anyone interested to join There is a sub for Gurgaon: [removed]. Parents Kill Teenage Daughter In Bengal Dump Her Body In Ganga Cops. Amartya Sen says Jai Shri Ram not part of Kolkatas culture. Feel like shit just want him back. Three Muslim youths thrashed forced to chant Jai Shri Ram in Ranchi. Shocking 6yearold raped in Delhi bite marks found on stomach condition critical. What are your initial /thoughts reactions to the Union Budget 2019: I thought its been 24 hrs and enough has been said about the budget so wanted to see what the general consensus about the budget in this sub. UNION BUDGET 2019 Summary Low impact on personal finance as such. There are some good noises on NBFC startup etc. More help given to small businesses in GST. Gold duty hiked to 12.5. Edit Custom duty hike in many electronic items. This can affect your purchase decisions. Mi phones may become cheaper than OnePlus Please provide attribution to me if you forward this further. Possible impact on personal finance Model Tenancy Law to provide better relationship between owner and tenant Payment platform for MSMEs for payments from government Action plan to deepen market for long term bonds and corporate bonds Multiple proposals to make listing of corporate bonds easier Social exchange for NGOs and voluntary organizations to raise capital Measures to ease access to treasury bills from demat accounts 100 FDI in insurance intermediaries note not insurance companies FPIs can buy REIT InvIT PIS to be merged with FPI for NRIs... Specific measures for rural population Target for 100 household coverage for gas and electricity by 2022 PMAYGrameen to target 1.95 cr houses in next few years 114 days is the average duration for constructing a home 97 of feasible habitations connected by all weather roads. Phase 3 would upgrade 1.25 lakh km of roads Ease of doing business to be extended to farmers too zero budget farming to be extended nationwide Water supply to all rural households by 2024 Internet connectivity to every panchayat Specific measures for urban areas PMAYUrban progressing well 81 lac sanctioned and 24 lac have been handed over 1 crore downloads of Swachatha app SPVs for suburban rail National Education Policy to be implemented National Research Foundation to fund research will collate all related funds from different ministires Online education to be promoted Specific measures for the economy Basaveswaras Vachanas have been quoted here Proposal to streamline multiple labour laws to four labour codes This is huge A TV channel for startups to be designed by startups Startup India to be continued till 2025 LED bulbs to be almost universal soon Solar stoves and batteries to be popularized Interest subversion scheme for Women SHGs to be extended to all districts overdraft of 5000 for every SHG member NRIs with Indian passports to get Aadhaar 17 iconic tourist sites to be developed as world class sites NPAs reduced by 1 lac crore 4 lac crore recovered via IBC 70000 capital infusion into PSU banks Partial guarantee for banks if they buy pooled assets of NBFCs Additional steps to help NBFCs to raise capital Regulation of HFCs to go back to RBI from NHB 105000 disinvestment target ELLS like scheme for ETFs Indias sovereign external debt to gdp is 5 govt would borrow more from abroad Taxation measures Starts with a Tamil poem roughly Even a part of a small farm can feed an elephant but not if the elephant itself enters the farm... Direct tax revenues went up by 78 in five years 25 corporate tax slab extended to companies with an annual turnover of 400 crores covers 99.3 companies GST on electric vehicles from 12 to 5 1.5 lac per year 2.5 lac overall tax deduction on interest towards loan for electric vehicles 35AD section to cover more sectors solar batteries etc. Self declaration from startups would ensure no scrutiny from IT department No valuation required for shares issued to Catergory II AIFs Home loans for affordable homes to have tax deduction of 3.5 lacs Section 80EE Incentives for IFSCs working in GIFT city STT to be removed except for options Proposal to make PAN and Aadhhar interchangeable for tax filing Prefilled tax returns to be provided for many salaried taxpayers Australia and other countries follow this Faceless eassessment to begin from this year for some scrutiny cases 2 TDS for cash withdrawals of gt1 cr from bank accounts Business lt50cr turnover to offer cashless payment to customers No charges or MDRs for transactions on UPI NEFT RTGS etc. Full rebate for taxable income upto 5 lacs Please note that this does not benefit people in higher tax brackets Surcharge for individuals earnings 2c and 5cr Many easier provisions for GST einvoice to be launched and may do away with the need for eway bills Basic customs duty removed for defence procurements BCD increased for many items increased quite a few items of usage 5 duty on imported books Duty exemption for many raw materials Additional duty and cess on petrol and diesel Increase in duty for gold and precious metals 10 to 12.5 Dispute resolution scheme for preGST disputes still pending Fiscal Deficit is 3.3. Theres a Disco Ball in the Ashram. true creepy/horror school story in hindi/urdu school ki sachi or khaufnam kahani: [removed]. When does Philippines celebrate Independence Day: [removed]. Hey there folks Unfortunately I couldnt get registered to view the CY2 Launch. Could be kind enough to point me to other possible viewing locations around Sriharikota station: [removed]. Meanwhile at my office. 5 fold hike in rape of kids from 1994 to 2016 Report. Rape against children in India up by five times in 20 years. ExCM Narayan Ranes son arrested after pouring muddy water on engineer. Karnataka girls gangrape comes to light 3 months after incident five college students arrested. The police on Wednesday registered a suo moto case after the videos went viral and warned the people that sharing these clips was an offence.. Police is More Involved in Pleasing Political Masters Than Enforcing the Rule of Law. Bihar motherdaughter tonsuring case Arrest warrent issued for 5 accused. MeToo The Inside Story Of How Vikas Bahl Was Exonerated By Super 30 Producers. Need Two Wheeler maintenance advice: [removed]. Man spent 5 years in jail on obvious false rape and kidnapping charges.: https//www.timesnownews.com/mirrornow/infocus/article/delhimanfacing30yearsinjailonrapeandkidnappingchargessetfreebyhighcourt/446924 gtAccording to a report in Times of India the court in its judgment said that it might be a case consensual sexual relations given the fact that arrears of the rent for the flat where she stayed was paid by her husband. gtThe court also said that even the husband of the woman did not file a complaint with the police even after she was kidnapped from a moving train in 2012. gtThe court also expressed its surprise that during her alleged confinement the woman went to the market along with the accused to buy a Television set of her choice and even visited a doctor for some unknown ailment. gtJustice C Hari Shankar in its judgment also rapped the police and the trial court for not filling the obvious gaps in the womans complaint which led to the man spending five years in jail on flimsy charges. gtThe court in its verdict observed The allegations of the woman being raped for over nine months between June 15 2012 to March 22 2013 can not be believed. gtThe judge punched many holes in the womans story and expressed surprise as to how she was kidnapped by the accused from an overcrowded general class compartment of a train between Kanpur and Raebareli. gtThe court also said it is also surprising that the woman was made unconscious by the accused in the trains toilet with so many people outside and managed to transport her to his house in Delhi and locked her in a room. gtThe court said many things remain unexplained in the case and contrary to the womans version. The high court bench reversed the trial courts verdict and acquitted the man. So the woman in her alleged period of wrongful confinement went to market and doctor . But lower court didnt see such strong evidence of false charges. Justice system is a joke. ha ha. BAD GUY vs NICE GUY KA CHUTIYAPA . Jaipur minor girl rape case Locals vandalise vehicles demand accuseds arrest. Supreme Court Rap For Mamata Banerjee Issues Show Cause Notice To West Bengal Government Over Delay In Releasing BJP Activist. So many consultancies are trying to dupe students/freshers looking for jobs. This is what happened to me.: I am looking for a job while currently pursuing my masters. Since i graduated in economics with no technical skills in hand the majority of jobs being offered to me are crappy BPO and backend ones. Me and my friend whos in the same boat decided to apply on job portals and we start getting all sorts of calls hiring for voice/non voice process. Some of them were bonafide but i think majority of them were from fraud consultancies. I got an offer for an interview in Delhis Badarpur and accepted to come for the interview. The day before i was wondering that nothing good has ever happened in Badarpur and did a quick google search only to find a consumer complaint files against the consultancy that i was going to. A few days later me and my friend got another offer for an interview in two consultancies that were in very close proximity to each other. We being the idiots we are forget to double check and went to the agencies the next day. I although asked everything about any hidden charges and ofcourse she lied. The one i went to made me wait for about half an hour for the interview i have given interviews before and knew this is not how it works. Mujhe pata chal gaya tha mera chutiya kat chuka hai. The interviewer was hardly 10th pass who was struggling to ask questions in English and the moment she uttered i can offer you 35k i knew this is a scam and shes about to ask me for money which she did. Theres no way i can get 35k even if i sold my body to a pimp. So i stormed out of there and called my friend. What happened with him is more interesting when they asked him for money he got himself out by saying he need some time to think. He went down to smoke and he saw three police officers marching towards the building. The moment they saw my friend they asked how much we they asking. My friend replied 10k but I gave them nothing. He showed them the way inside the building. So my friend was sitting outside the room where the interviews took place watching the entire raid taking place. A BTech graduate who paid 2k rupees as security to the the frauds comes after giving a telephonic interview and says to my friend bhut tough interview tha aadhe ghante grill kia. The police officer shouted from inside koi interview nahi tha iska pati hai vo. This poor delusional guy was still under the impression that hell get the job untill everything was explained to him. He gave the lady 2k rupees which the police got back from her. Any adequately informed job seeker who has given at least one interview knows that only frauds asks money from candidates but i guess there are still people who in desperation will oblige and pay. I also feel like an idiot for not cross checking this time and believing everything she told me over the phone like no hidden charges etc. This all happened 2 days ago and i have another interview lined up later today for a fairly good profile no BPO/backend crap after clearing an online test for it. Its the real deal and itll give an okay start to a fresher like me. That said i still feel like an idiot that i went there and waited 30 minutes only to get conned.. The individuals were seen splashing paint on the board before proceeding to rewrite Sambhaji Nagar on it. We will give strict punishment to the miscreants. They will be arrested soon Police Inspector Rameswaram Rodge later told the press.. Honestly fuck this Country. This is one of the most overpopulated Country with absolutely no one doing shit. Poor people demanding for money and wasting them on drugsbeerthings like that. I am not Proud to be an Indian. Now it got enough far to Rape a Goddamn Dog. These idiots deserve Death.. gay are retards: [removed]. Today is National Doctors Day in India: \gtNational Doctors Day is a day celebrated to recognize the contributions of physicians to individual lives and communities. The date may vary from nation to nation depending on the event of commemoration used to mark the day. ampx200B In India the day is celebrated on 1st July in honor of Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy. To all the medical professionals on this subreddit we wish you a happy doctors day and acknowledge your commitment to healthcare.. Bad air Mumbai risks going the Delhi way warn experts. Crow bargaining with a fish seller for a bigger fish. Foreigners among 35 held in simultaneous raids at spa centres running sex trade in Noida. Sharma ji Ki beti raped for scoring better. BJP Mahila Morcha Leader Says Hindus Should Gangrape Muslim Women Gets Expelled. [NSFL] Anitha a forest range officer being attacked local village goons. More information in comments.. [serious] How has r/indianpeoplefacebook not been banned yet. Arijit singh kalank [cover]. Third time I got abused and as promised posting the exchange. Quality Memes from Meme Mandir. Want to offer my design services to an NGO [PRO BONO]: [removed]. Where does it stop: There are now many states who have 70 reservation. The number of open seats are now reduced to peanuts and the petitions are pending in the SC are moving as slow as it can. This is damn ridiculous there is no value of merit in government sector and colleges now. I am glad I got into a government college when this shit was still at 50. Where does it stop Subramaniam swamy once said We will not abolish reservation but make the system so that it wouldnt matter if there is reservation or not. Seems like it isnt going up to their plan. Honestly I want the EWS reservation to be struck down too we dont want it. Keep it at 50 dont add to our misery.. [Showerthought] Just realised that Andaz Apna Apnas famous do dost ek pyali meh chai was actually the original two girls one cup: [removed]. Vadodara Class X girl repeatedly raped after promise of marriage. MeToo Juggernaut Books Defends Decision To Publish Nagarkar Work. Cops Denied Tabrez Ansari of Medical Treatment Threatened His Family Report. I just wanna say Im happy for the existence of this sub: [removed]. Shocking A teenager dies every hour in road accidents in India. 11 Effective Vastu Tips for Kitchen DOs and DONTs VastuDekho. Former SC Judge Markandey Katju says Ram not a God but a human being. Tribal woman raped paraded naked in Madhya Pradesh. Former SC court Judge Markandey Katju says Ram is not a God but a human being. Tech Savvy People of Reddit How have you managed the ethernet routing around your house [serious]: Hi Im currently looking to shift my internet setup to some other room so was looking for some sound suggestions. Currently Ive pulled the fiber optic cable from a window and its currently accessible in only that room right now. I want to shift it to other room and dont wanna do it through the window this time how can I go about it the optimal way Drilling hole in the wall How do i provide ethernet accessibility to the other rooms as well I really dont want to rely on WiFi as of now cause the speed isnt that good on that. Any and all suggestions are welcome Im mostly looking to create a centralised network if possible with a switch that routes towards the entire house. Thanks . How The Times of India The Hindu amp The Telegraph were banned from receiving govt ads. 2 women assaulted tonsured for resisting rape bid by councillor in Bihar. A friend said that if you searched this on this sub you can scroll all day and still wont reach the bottom. TIL Even if Thanos snaps twice in India we will still be second in rank in population.: [removed]. 25 Seeking help: 25 Graduated in 2016 from a tier 2 College Worked in the telecom industry for 2 yrs and resigned in Aug18 to prepare for civil services. Although I wasnt exactly hardworking when it came to academics I was a bright extrovert in school leading a happy go lucky life. Although I never topped overall Used to top in English and Maths. Secured good marks in 10th and 12th boards again topping in English and Mathematics I wasnt the only one. My weekends in school were spent gaming playing sports and going out for movies or hanging out. Same goes for some weekdays since my school used to end by around 130 PM. When it comes to dating/relationships/friendship with the opposite sex I never had any female friends inspite of being in a coed school. Had fun memorable times with the lads and never gave it an iota of thought. Some of my friends behaviour changed after 10th grade and they began going behind women Becoming pompous and pretentious and tried to act all cool forgetting who they really were. The unity that was present until 10th grade had taken a nosedive. This did influence me to a certain extent so I took further interest in gaming and now kept a closer smaller knit of friends eventually becoming an introvert. Fast forward to college life The same thing persistedVery few close friends introvert and although it was coed I couldnt find any girl to talk to matching my wavelengths in thoughts and deeds. My college was conservative and so were the students there. I didnt know this before joining and realised that I had made an incorrigible mistake. It was too late to change colleges since a year had passed for the realisation to dawn upon me. I honestly believe that college years give you the opportunity to explore yourself and try out anything and everything. Having some sort of contact with a female was one of the things I wanted. Ofcourse I wanted to have sex and one night stands but also to understand them better maybe as a friend since I had never experienced the same. Even other things that people do for fun in college like going on trips partying hanging out and mindless yet fun roaming around the city wasnt there. The most ironical part was that I was declared the most handsome guy in my batch in college and was complimented in school as well. Even now Im being complimented constantly about my dressing sense looks physique and cheerful fun loving nature. Somehow I endured those four years even though my health academics mood and social life went for a toss and secured a job at one of the telecom giants. So summing up college Depressed Mediocre academics No fun Not much interaction with females No close friends in my wavelength to talk to. Job location was Pune and I had an inkling of hope that things would change for the better there. The situation was pretty similar in the office as well. But I did have more female interaction though professional work related most of the time. My flatmates and workmates were not the hanging out/partying type so I was most of the time by myself with my laptop or going out alone movies restaurants. Regarding the dating/hooking up scene Ive pretty much tried all avenues Tinder Happn Bumble Craigslist Locanto quack Hinge and even at a few barsBut the girls were never alone without success. I did meet a nice older woman on Craigslist and we had a nice time on 23 occasions sex included. Once she moved out of the city Ive called hookers occasionally because Ive never been lucky anywhere else. I was thinking of suicide but then I didnt want my parents to suffer so held back on it. Had I been an orphan or they hadnt been there I wouldve suicided there and wouldnt be writing this. Fortunately or unfortunately I survived. I tried joining some clubs such as trekking reading and tennis in order to socialise and find my tribe but everything was in vain. For some reason I felt that keeping myself distracted and working towards something will keep these worries at bay. I did some research on career options and decided to take a plunge at civil services. I really liked the diverse work profile ability to make a change power prestige social standing and moreover being constantly preoccupied by variegated tasks. I resigned returned homeKochi and for the initial 23 months it was going well. After that these old thoughts started springing up in my head and I couldnt focus fully. Here also I couldnt find any luck in having a vibrant social and sexual/dating life. So once a while 23 months I hire a hooker and get it done with. Im awaiting my prelims results. Even if I clear this stage Im bound to fail the next stage because Im not fully prepared. Ive decided to take another attempt but these thoughts keep getting the better of me every single day. Even here on reddit I see many Indian people hooking up and having sex at will. Seeing all this makes me feel inferior and lowers my self esteem and self confidence. Occasionally I think of leaving everything behind and becoming a monk somewhere near/in the Himalayas in case everything fails. Im thinking of visiting a psychologist but honestly dont see it changing anything. Id love hearing from all of you on this. Sorry for the long post. Couldnt help it.. [Serious I have irreparably damaged my life. I dont know If I can still have a career: [removed]. The education system needs change not finetuning Kasturirangan on the draft NEP. [Serious] I need advice. I have irreparably damaged my life. What do I do from here.: [removed]. MumbaiAhmedabad bullet train project 54000 mangroves will be cut says Maharashtra minister. 4month boy dies after drunk father slams him on ground. 8 real life nightmarish scenarios for women which pass as love or comedy in cinema. Uttar Pradesh Two women dead as man rams car into them after molestation attempt. 70yearold woman gangraped attacked with blades at Vijayawada railway station. The incident came to light late last night after passengers and sanitation workers cleaning the platform found the woman with bleeding injuries and walking naked towards Platform 8.. EPFO Social Security Assistant Recruitment 2019 Notificaion Released. Why are Indians specifically Hindus so dirty: Theres a temple near my place completely dirty. Rubbish faeces paan stains everywhere etc smells awful. Mosque nearby however is neat clean dustbins are well maintained. Church nearby same situation. Gurudwara too. Went to gym. Running on treadmill guy next to me smells like fucking ghee. Its 30 degrees and hes sweating and he smells horrific. Why do Indians even eat ghee We all know that the majority of these habits come from people from one specific religious group. My only question is why Is because you guys think you will get reincarnated and therefore dont have to worry about this life Only exception Ive ever seen were Ramkrishna Mission compounds. Very clean. Well maintained. Everyone there is well groomed and practices good hygiene. If they can do it why cant everyone else. A Rs 56000Cr Afforestation Fund Threatens Indias Indigenous Communities. Can we ban news source which require us to disable any kind of adblocker: [removed]. India and the Indian Watch Fat Mama Rafeeq Ellias poignant film on ChineseIndian migrs. Looking for a Website Developer full stack coding mandatory [R]: looking for a website developer for a non commercial personal website website type HTML5 minimalist blog with gallery cart more details in DM. Wordpress is a preferred option but open to other CMS as long as the outcome is as per visually expected. Must have minimum 5 years experience in web development can code from scratch. max allowed duration is not more than 7 working days. Please send me direct message with few sample non collaborative works. and we can take it from there. if you know someone who could be interested please pm their website/email/mobile. TIA. edit something in this line https//www.larajade.com/ but squarespace is not a viable option.. Why Kabir Singh is Proof of How Movies Get Away with Trivialising Women. Youve heard stories of Indian Army and Air Force heroes. Now heres an angel from the Navy. Mumbai air pollution isnt as bad as Delhis Think again. Delhi 7yearold missing for 10 days raped killed. Absconding rape accused BSP MP Atul Rai surrenders in Varanasi court remanded to 14 days judicial custody. R/mangalore GRMD 2019. R/mangalore GRMD 2019. Behind Faade of Clean Mountain Towns Kullu and Manali Struggle to Manage Waste. 1 crore vehicles are parked in Delhi at any given time. How can the city possibly find room for all of them. 5 Yrs On Case of Badaun Girls Found Hanging From Tree Still Murky. 13yearold boy rapes nursery girl in Punjab village. Delhi May Run Out Of Groundwater By Next Year And We Should All Be Worried. Man held for raping 16yearold daughter for one year in Dehradun. Eating ant eggs for survival says jobless farmer and Padma Shri awardee. My friend uploaded this on whatsapp yesterday. . Pregnant woman shot dead by teenage brothers in Indore for marrying out of caste. Best bank for a Basic Savings Account for a nonearning student: I want to open my first Basic Savings Account and have looked into all the common banks. These banks only seem to offer a Rupay Card with the Basic Savings Account which I hear is not very widely accepted even nationally. I hope you guys can share your experience and help me find the right bank.. R/Hyderabad GRMD meetup pics.. Vadodara Class X girl repeatedly raped after promise of marriage. Netflix after free trial ends. Chudail aasan. Embarrassment for Air India Pilot caught shoplifting at Sydney airport gets suspended. 16yearold girl gangraped by 6 including 3 minors for 5 days in Andhra Pradesh. Shitting on India doesnt make u sound cool. [RANT]: [removed]. Opinion Looking at GRMD pics from India our sex ratio is really skewed.: No grills in engineering no grills in my team no grills on randia no grills at GRMD. School k baad sab ladkiyo ki shaadi ho jaati h kya. BJP Working President JP Nadda The whole country demanded an inquiry into Dr. Shyama Prasad Mukherjees death but Pandit Nehru did not order an inquiry. History is witness to this. Dr.Mukherjees sacrifice will never go in vain BJP is committed to this cause. The Story of Two Dead Women Who Taught Me to How to Dance. Police encouraged goons to beat us actor Mahie Gill and crew allege they were harassed at shoot. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood Leonardo Dicaprio Upcoming Movie. Lutyens Delhi Dhruva N Chaudhuri on how the seat of administration got its architectural style. Small Study Examines How Cotton Farming Produced Toxic Landscape in Telangana. IDBI Assistant Manager Recruitment Notification 2019 600 Vacancy. Daily GK Update amp Current Affairs 22nd June 2019. TIL about Keh Mukharni a type of Sufi poem with double entendre. The way Lakshmi is spelt OC. The way Lakshmi is spelt on this pendant. Looking for career options having good work life balance in India: I was asked to create a post here by /u/[teetotallernh]https//www.reddit.com/user/teetotallernh/. I am working as a software engineer and my company makes me work from 10am till 2 am for about 3 days in a week. For the remaining days I get to go home by 9 pm. Sometimes I have to work on weekend also. They dont pay enough to compensate. Anyways I dont like working late. It is affecting my sleep 45 hours They say most startup companies for IT are like this. I have to work in this company for some months more less than a year before I leave otherwise I will have to give them a few lakhs for leaving early. I want to switch. I am looking for career options that give me good work life balance. I am willing to apply for govt/PSU jobs also. I can live with lesser money if it provides me better work life balance.. Blazing India Labourers farmers struggle most to live earn. The Dharavi Slum in Mumbai Just Beat Taj Mahal as Indias Top Travellers Choice. A.K.A askreddit: random randian has a minor inconvenience Mai r/india pe puchega. Why the Kevin murder trial is a landmark in the battle against casteism in Kerala. Indian Family on Vacation in Ireland Racially Abused by Beergulping Man on Train to Dublin. This racist video on YouTube. Is there any hope for HinduMuslim relations getting better in India at some point: It seems almost daily that a new video comes up about someone forcing someone else to call their gods name or beating up minorities just for the hell of it like its an after dinner activity. Will these sour relations ever get better Its feels like at this point both religious communities have no trust in each other how will India go forward with such hatred among its own people We have much larger issues like poverty sanitation water supply and what not but were too busy fighting amongst ourselves. Ive also noticed that because of the lack of trust there seems to be no assimilation of the two communities isolating then even further and preventing harbouring of good relations. P.S. treat this as an ELI5 since Im not very well versed in politics just getting into the habit of reading news and trying to know whats happening around me.. Get Tickets for Ram Janmabhoomi Ayodhya 1 only on Yapsody 6/12/1992. Indian man living in Florida has been sentenced to seven years in federal prison for arranging more than 80 fraudulent marriages.. Someone is misusing my ID with HDFC to apply for crediyt cards HDFC Life Uday and a loan. What should I do: [removed]. Why people lack basic etiquettes: I had a lower side seat. I was sleeping fine then some jackass sat there and started talking on the phone Like hello I am trying to sleep here Also I have no idea how I ended up getting a lower side seat when I clearly chose my upper berth preference mainly to avoid people and even my ticket mentioned upper berth.. Why Kamru Jamaal 73 Still Pulls A Rickshaw On Delhis Streets. Indian Doctors Tell Us About the Times They Were Threatened and Abused. [Book Review] The stories of our roots. Forever the Extra The Alternate Reality of a Bollywood Struggler. Vandalizing historical monuments is pass writing names inside Delhi Metro is in.. Kerala state intelligence wing warns governments of Tamil Nadu Kerala Andhra Pradesh and Kashmir about the possibility of a militant attack. Child Deaths Due To Encephalitis Smashes Nitish Kumars Tall Sushasan Claims. Chennais water crisis is hurting everyone from women filling pots to citys bachelors mansions. Park Street rape case Why influential Bengali actress Nusrat Jahan not named in chargesheet October 2016. 3 Sex Workers Allegedly Gangraped By 9 Men At Noida Farmhouse. Girl Allegedly Raped Inside Armys Eastern Command In Kolkata. Hinduism and Islam 101[Serious]: What all should I read as part of an attempt to know about Hinduism and Islam in all its aspects. Ninemonthold girl raped and murdered in Telanganas Warangal suspect detained locals stage protest. When Netflix free trial ends. When Netflix one month trial ends. Woman Pilot Replaces Mother In Kitchen Images In Maharashtra Textbooks. Nagpur Top 8 Interesting Facts about the Orange City: [removed]. Madhya Pradesh Father shoots daughter after she resists rape attempt. Safety belt. Should be followed by every men and women.. This is journalism of courage by Aaj Tak. Heckling the nurses and doctors and creating nuisance inside a hospital award. If they show even one hundredth of this aggression in questioning politicians then itd be quite an achievement.. Watch Day after Kolkata doctors strike ends ruckus at Delhi hospital over rape of 4yrold India News. [R] First time AC buyer here. Want some advice on what to keep in mind.: I have 100120 sqft bedroom. I am going for 1.5 T 3 Star AC. I have done my research. But still if anyone has any input to give before buying then let me know. Thanks in advance.. 8 Incredible and Surreal Natural Wonders of India. India to overtake China as most populous country in next 8 years UN.. Negative physics chem NEET marks Welcome to MBBS.. Nana Patekar Has Enough Money to Squash Any Case Tanushree Dutta. WB Doctors Strike How Outsiders Became Good Boys On Live TV. 40 soldiers died in Pulwama Government did surgical. 127 kids died in Bihar and nothing is happening.: We Indians are Selfish. For Voting all joined and talk all over Social Media. Because kids arent voting material no one gives a damn. Our PM didnt talk about as there is no voting Rally.. Looking Beyond the Economics of Free Public Transport for Women. What is wrong with you India. Asaduddin Owaisi counters Jai Shri Ram slogans during oath in Lok Sabha. 56 women housekeepers who accused NIFT employee of sexual harassment asked to leave. Call Me By Maas Name Why I Dropped My Fathers Last Name as a Tribute to My Mother. Govt to remove minimum educational qualification requirement for Driving License. Indias 6th largest city Chennai runs out of water. UP government to now issue press releases in Sanskrit also. Auto Driver With Sword Attacks Cops in Delhi Gets Lathicharged The Quint. Has the Legal System Been A Trap For Tanushrees MeToo. They are coming. Reddit is under attack.. How the Revival of Lambadi Embroidery Is Curbing Labour Migration. Chinmayi Sripaadas Relentless Fight Against Sexual Harassment In The Tamil Film Industry. Horror in Hyderabad as woman stripped thrashed on road another doused with liquor. Union Home Minister Amit Shah Another strike on Pakistan by team India and the result is same. Congratulations to the entire team for this superb performance. Every Indian is feeling proud and celebrating this impressive win.. Why is this sub so left leaning and extremely bias: [removed]. Spanish Intern in India IT major raped in Gurgaon. Twitter Uses MeTooIndia For Publicity While Abuse Thrives On It. About free transport for women we need to realise that we are privileged: This is a long rant. please bear with me. ampx200B ltRANT STARTgt ampx200B recently free public transport was announced by Delhi govt. people pounced on it in following ways ampx200B 1. metro will be dirty if \those\ people start using it 2. system will crumble because of free loaders 3. why only women what sort of gender neutrality is that 4. why should we foot the bill for poor house maids in response to my statements that free travel will enable house maids to travel far and work in more houses to earn more ampx200B metro will get dirty if \those\ people use it. Oh my racist classist people. you are privileged enough to wear good clothes you earn enough because your family educated you and you look down upon house maids and blue collar workers because they arent urban class or not the same crowd as you are ampx200B you are no different from Britishers who looked down upon Indians as inferior. Get help ampx200B system will crumble because of free loaders ampx200B After ticket prices increased last year ridership has dropped. metro running at 50 capacity. this scheme is for all women. all women arent upper class/upper middle class who work in white collar jobs. this scheme is set to benefit the blue collar women who work as maids or cleaning staff at companies who arent paid well who dont get the perks of feminism because lets face it only middle class/educated/upper middle class women get equality and it is a fucking bad thing. ALL women deserve to be treated well. ALL women deserve love and a chance to work and earn money for themselves. ALL women deserve to spend money on themselves and not beg for money from husbands. FUCK those husbands who treat their women as shit The system will not crubmle because basic thing ampx200B 1. metro runs at 50 of its full capacity 2. women who will use it blue collar those who didnt afford metro ticket prices wont use metro to go to trips across delhi. they will use it to go to work. now guess what a maid goes to house A house B does house work then uses metro to go to house C and D and E uses metro and comes back. she wont sit in metro to do timepass. she is not a white collar worker who gest equality at home. she is oppressed. she doesnt get to have me time or hang out with friends at BIRA. she has to do work and then hurry back home to WORK at home for free while her husband will chill out drinking or watching TV. then she needs to take care of kids and work at home. 3. and yes there are women who cant afford a 50rs ticket. yes such people exist. 50rs is nothing for the privileged like us. yes we are privileged. we might think that ambani is privilged and we are common folks but guess what we are privileged to the house maids. ampx200B why only women what sort of gender neutrality is that. here we go we see that women work in our white collar offices get paid more or less equal to us aka no low pay then why do women get free stuff ampx200B Because not all women work in white collar jobs also it is a new thing for women to work. women have been oppressed for far too long and the stories I heard some are even oppressed TILL NOW EVEN in urban areas Just because 10 women you know earn 10LPA and life a comfortable life style meaning they dont have to choose between a metro ticket or cadbury chocolate treat for their sons because they have only 50rs. no not because they spent all in BIRA or in Radisson in outing they are legit poor. ampx200B the labor participation of women is low and by giving free rides we are encouraging them to step out and work. Modi govt did a great job so I hear from media these days of socialist schemes by free toilets cylinder and gas connection and free houses. these things give women basic dignity of life. now next what they need money to life a little bit luxuriously by their standards. their luxury is to buy chocolates for their kids and not go to foreign for vacation ampx200B traditionally men have worked and women were not allowed to work. give this free scheme a few decades then women will have equal particiaption in labor force and then remove this free perk. Till that happens think of it as we have to give freebies to poor women who are oppressed who cant even buy new sari for themselves because they dont have money or husband refuses to give them money or they cant afford it at all and not as women earning 10lpa get free rides but I dont ampx200B note ironic that women call me incel on this sub and Im vociferously defending freebies to women only. LOL even men work in blue collar jobs and when men work in blue collar jobs their women too will be able to work and earn money. men will save travel money that they had to give to their women or their women will now save money that she used to travel to houses where she worked ampx200B lets say 50rs ticket of metro. 2 way 100. 31 days 3.1k ampx200B by doing this we are saving a household 3.1k rs per month. guess what all the woman can do with 3.1k that can go to kids education. the kid who used to go to work to earn a daily wage yeah that still exists despite the ban on child labour will now go to school. the woman can buy more food and no that doesnt mean italian flavour or something but basic food. ampx200B why should we foot the bill for poor house maids in response to my statements that free travel will enable house maids to travel far and work in more houses to earn more ampx200B What a classist statement. such mentality reeks of privilege. just because \you\ can afford a metro ticket or a foreign trip doesnt mean everyone does. and no people arent poor because they are lousy at work they are poor because their parents were poor due to one or the other reason that wasnt in their hands. and the kids of poor people cant afford quality education cant get a 10lpa salary not always. there are some lucky people who do come out of poverty. what this scheme will do is help women work more and travel in AC. ampx200B maids have to walk everywhere in 46 degree heat. you get to live in AC house and work in AC offices but they have to WALK in this 46 degree heat because they cant afford even an auto. when they go via auto it is as rare as middle class people going in flights. ampx200B It is our duty to uplift people out of poverty. My both sets of grandparents were poor and no food on table for days kind of poor. paternal grandparents went hungry to bed countless times so their son aka my dad could get \some\ morsel of food to eat and they did it happily because it was their duty. ampx200B maternal family was much poorer and entire family went hungry. I cried the day my mom said this there were times when dad came home and we knew that we didnt have food to eat that day ampx200B can you imagine what a women of the house has to do in that situation can you empathize with her that she has to choose between buying food or stove oil because she is on a tight budget did you ever had to make a choice between buying soap or food ampx200B it is not about you pay your maid enough I do. my maid earns a lot by working in our entire society. she works for 12hrs daily. not sure how she manages her finances. but these schemes which include Modi govts socialist schemes are for the dirt poor. the under privileged and not for middle class people like us who dont have to worry about food. if my maid gets free public transport then she might also go to cinema once in a while something she NEVER did because theatre is far away from her house and she isnt rich enough to just book an ola or uber ampx200B note to those 2 women who called me an incel yeah I am such an incel aint I ampx200B ltRANT ENDgt. Too many questions related to engineering entrances and colleges in r/india: [removed]. [Rant] Having kids due to parental pressure in the Indian context: I have seen too many of my friends regretting having kids. They and their partners were not ready and they say they were pressurized by their parents and other sections of the society to have kids. The constant nagging of parents did the trick and they had kids. And here comes the clincher they also they wanted to prove to certain sections of the society they are not impotent. Now they are struggling to pay their bills with the additional expenses that comes with having children because they havent considered these things when they decided to have kids. There are people who plan and have kids when they are ready and they are able to give the kid a good life and this post is not directed towards them.If you are ready and want to have kids and have the means to provide for them go ahead. If you are not ready you will only set yourself up for a life of frustration. Its not fair to the kids too. Dont bow to parental or peer pressure. If you have the urge to prove that you are not impotent so bad get your sperm or womb tested and get the doctors certificate and place it at your living room wall or office space so you can show people this if you want to prove to them that you are not having kids because of choice. If you dont care about these things just have kids when you are ready. Its also perfectly fine to not have kids too if thats what you want. There are too people in our country and it will be good we dont bring unwanted kids into this world. End of Rant.. MP rape survivors family ostracised by village after failing to host feast ordered by panchayat. Severe water crisis in Uttar Pradeshs Gopipur leaves bachelors in Chitrakoots parched village without brides. Kerala horror Man stabs 34yrold woman cop burns her to death. Kashmirs manual scavengers facing segregation and discrimination say society is in denial about caste bias. No Medicines or Sanitary Pads Rats Eat Patients Food in UP Health Centre. Illegal Police Raids Have Forced Punes Sex Workers to Operate in Unsafe Conditions. Underrated birches: Lately reddit has been my go to place for porn read jerking off. There are a lot of subreddits that cater to specific fetishes hold the mohan exxxtras I want to suck disk etc that I found out in the past few months. But r/underratedbitches barring the insensitive name tops them all. Feel free to judge me.. 15yearold girl kidnapped gangraped in Shamli. Madhya Pradesh Ordered To Throw Feast To Purify Her Alleges Rape Survivors Father. Dust storm in Delhi Aravallis which act as green barrier for National Capital have been ravaged over decades. Doctors Strike Takes Off From Bengal Spreads To Other Parts Delhi Mumbai Bengaluru Hyderabad Nagpur Raipur. In Tamil Nadu factories are illegally giving women pills to keep them working through period pains. The Yoga of Doubt.... New sub r/IndiaDates:  Acting on the suggestion by u/Harshit7 I created a sub for queries related to dating in India r/IndiaDates For more details please check the sub. Many thanks to the ones who offered help and suggestions.. 2 cops investigating Bishop Franco rape case transferred nuns lodge protest. Can we please have memes and shitposts now: Elections are over. Memes and shitposts are great. We need to diversify the sub. I dont want every second post to be a link to news article. Its boring. If you want to talk politics at least have debate threads over news articles. Late night random discussion is great as well as some of the weekly threads. I think we could all do with a bit of humor and drama. This is supposed to be r/india not r/indianpolitics. Assams WorldFamous Tea Gardens Are Deadly For Pregnant Women. Plastic ban in JampK opens door for revival of wicker crafts. Why it is not right for Government to allow India to play against Pakistan in the World Cup.[R]: The reason is not political but rather a matter of consistency. I personally have a neutral view on this debate. After Pulwama attacks Bollywood was forced to ban Pakistani artistes. It has happened time and again for several years now. Producers blackmailed theater owners threatened while the Governments of the time stayed silent. Modi Government denied visas to Pakistani shooters for the World Cup that was held in India. This resulted in India getting debarred from hosting all future IOC related events.Which btw is against the olympic charter signed by all member nations With such level of boycott shouldnt the biggest sport in the continent follow suit Why should just bollywood and smaller games suffer. Women Are Judged By the Clothes They Wear Even in Parliament. No Indias population is not our strength. Rajasthan Couple drinks clicks photos before shooting themselves dead in Barmer. Tired of fighting alone Tanushree Dutta slams cops for closing Nana Patekar case. Smart IPTV USA TV Channels M3u Playlist Download. MeToo movement Police closes Nana Patekars sexual harassment case filed by Tanushree Dutta. New development Mamata enters SSKM. Blames Interns for causing drama.: [removed]. Amitabh Bachchan fulfills his promise pays off loan of 2100 farmers from Bihar. In light of proposal to remove 200km of Himalayas I propose my own solution for removing air pollution Patent pending: Basic premise 1 A sizable proportion of pollution layer is till 1000m above land surface 2 As we go up the land surface the wind speeds increase by a significant magnitude. You can visualise this on websites like windy.com There is a toggle button somewhere in middle of extreme right icons. Now we need to have some vertical channel with say a large exhaust near land which sucks out dirty polluted air. Another channel can do the reverse to bring in cleaner air towards land. I think the idea is right kind of absurd which needs a crazy mind with big pockets. If only Elon Musk read my posts.... Any helpful productivity hacks or study systems for JEE: [removed]. Watch In Soaring Heat Where Do Delhis Homeless Get Drinking Water From. Why These Young Adults Are Happy to Stay Single. Aahahahahahhah. Death Race to The Peak Indians make for the largest group of climbers on Mount Everest now contributing to the overcrowding that is leading to increasing fatalities. Losing Billions Every Year Whats Eating Ramdevs Patanjali. Ekta Kapoors ALTBalaji Put Up Shocking Posters In Womens Loos. No Baby No Cry What it Means to be Childfree by Choice. In India insects are slowly disappearing and that is a cause for worry. Nation hails justice meted out in Kathua rape and murder case but sexual assaults continue unabated 13 cases reported in two weeks. Bihar government approves proposal for jail term for those who abandon elderly parents. Whats up with the r/niceguys type posts on this sub lately. Hop this sub doesnt turn into quora with incel tears.: [removed]. The only Sanskrit newspaper to turn 50. TN domestic violence horror Woman pushed from running car allegedly by inlaws. How Indian media company Homegrown imploded in the wake of MeToo. For Free Public Transport For Women To Work It Also Must Be Safe. Is He A Murder Accused Supreme Court Questions Journalist Prashant Kanojias Arrest Order Immediate Release. Jawan alleges five senior Army officers including a major beat him black and blue. Na Hasunga Na Hasne Doonga The Motto of Every Indian Immigration Officer. Mumbai With 400 dogs and cats abandoned at new airport site animal rescuers struggle to cope. How Indian kids conquered the English dictionary and became world champions of spelling bees. Tripura MLA ties the knot with girl he allegedly raped. Vasco da Gama Express Linking Bihar with the Party Capital of India. Requesting assistance for 8 year old nephew suffering from acute Leukemia with 3rd relapse: He was diagnosed suffering from leukemia 3 years ago. Have underwent 100 chemo. Unfortunately this is 3rd relapse and Bone marrow transplant is only option. Medical records for last 3 years of treatment are available for verification. ampx200B Any kind of assistance including spreading the message will be very helpful. ampx200B Fundraiser page gt [https//www.ketto.org/fundraiser/helpsohamfightcancerzgm2y]https//www.ketto.org/fundraiser/helpsohamfightcancerzgm2y. Indian Court Convicts 6 Men In Rape And Murder Of 8YearOld Girl. As India Develops Leopards Die In Record Numbers. Overworked and underpaid Indias gig workers are survivors of a flawed economy. I just realized something about Mahabharat and its teachings.: So writers over 4000 years ago understood this fact of life that they pushed through the epic for future generations to learn and understand If you have enough good connections to high places and powerful people you are going to get what you want and can jump through and hoops and loopholes to get it often with the help of bullshit rules because you fit the agenda of the powerful people. The example will be Krishna.. How colonialism cost the Himalayas their remoteness. India a Killer Country for the Girl Child. Rare feat Student gets 35 marks in all subjects in SSC exam. Is death penalty for repeat rape offenders unconstitutional This is what Bombay High Court ruled. Jump the IndiaBangladesh Border amp Buy Your Aadhaar Card for 400. Indian Court Convicts 6 Hindus in Rape and Murder of Muslim Girl 8. RIP Crazy Mohan King Of Twitter Before Twitter Was Invented Fans Thank Him For The Laughs. Court Convicts Six in Child Rape Murder Case in Indias Jammu and Kashmir Lawyer. Six convicted in Kathua rape and murder case. Kathua rape case verdict Six held guilty 1 acquitted by Pathankot court. Kathua rape case verdict All seven convicted by Pathankot court. All 7 accused in Kathua rape and murder case sentenced to life imprisonment. True story . 8YearOld Girl Allegedly Raped In Bhopal Body Found Dumped Near Drain. Indian Media for you. Best Indian Movies Among the Ones I watched Recently. Share Your Picks Too.: [removed]. Anybody have any experience dealing with Google Cloud support in India [R]: One of the students I interact with reached me with this query and I am posting this on their behalf. Theyre in a study program organised by a small company and they are about 50 students. The company had given them VMs which were set up on Google Cloud to work with. Google unexpectedly shutdown all the VMs citing a reason that the VMs were being used for Cryptomining on 23 VMs. ampx200B Their support is practically useless as theyre asking them to wait for 48 hours to even escalate this issue. The study program was meant to apparently impart coding knowledge into students and theyre on a strict deadline due to which even a 1 day delay is very expensive. Please help me out on what can be done ampx200B My initial diagnosis is that some process was using a lot of CPU / RAM in some VMs and that flagged the automatic system for cryptomining. I dont know what kind of program theyre doing and the said student didnt want to get into the details because of an NDA he had signed but he told me it was related to Backend Application Development. I dont see how something like that can be related to Cryptocurrency. But itd be of great help to those 50 students if anybody could help me help them escalate this issue. ampx200B Thanks.. She Called Rape Accused 529 Times Before Cops Court Sets Man Free. Mumbai Mobile Creches ecookbook documents food memories of the citys migrant women. Goodnight folks. Water access is a gruelling game for Hyderabads slum dwellers. 15 monkeys die due to heat stroke water scarcity in Madhya Pradesh forest. Haryana Woman caught on camera thrashing motherinlaw CM Manohar Khattar calls it deplorable. 5yearold killed MP 5yearold killed dumped in river in Ujjain cops suspect attempted rape. The little things. New Navy chiefs first order no quasi religious functions please we are the Navy. Communities join hands to keep alive the hoolock gibbons song. Ebola Virus In Cold Drinks : [removed]. Police Claim to Have Found Vital Clues on Activist Mugilans Disappearance. Firstpost and Governance Now shut down their print editions. The Great Indian Scam Rice Pullers: [removed]. Top Nursing Colleges in India Best B.sc Nursing College NIMS University Jaipur Rajasthan: We are well known for running [top nursing college in India]https//nimsuniversity.org/programmes/nursingcollege/. We offers [B.Sc]https//B.Sc nursing course with quality training as we have our own inhouse NIMS Hospital. ampx200B [Apply Now]https//i.redd.it/z8pfoaw97v231.png ampx200B Nims University is one of top universities of India which offers Medical Dental Nursing Engineering Managements and more than 100 course. ampx200B ampx200B [top nursing colleges in india]https//i.redd.it/wk37hxac7v231.png. Film about Kolkatas stray dog feeders proves that love has no limits. Sexual Harassment At My Workplace Gave Me Depression. Bangladeshi actress Anju Ghosh joins BJP dodges question on citizenship. Vikas Bahl back on Super 30 Alok Nath in De De Pyaar De. Bollywood just murdered its MeToo movement. Dont blame me later if you missed watching it. Our security forces working in extreme conditions on the borders know how hard climate change has hit us.It is because of our neglect that situation has turned worse our ground water is running low in many regions lower than what it was a few decades back: [deleted]. Minor Dalit Boy Thrashed For Entering Temple in Rajasthans Pali. Life in the Garbage Heap. Islands of animal plant life in a concrete jungle in Aravalli Biodiversity Park. r/Indiaspeaks cant even properly wish fellow countrymen on Eid: [removed]. Rs 15 Lakh Crore Highways To Make Khadi Industries Global Nitin Gadkari. ANI Sitapur BJP MP from Unnao Sakshi Maharaj visited rape case accused BJP MLA Kuldeep Singh Sengar at Sitapur Jail today. Sakshi Maharaj says He has been lodged here for a long time I came to meet him to thank him after the elections.. [Rant] Indians in r/indiaspeaks cant even properly wish fellow Muslim countrymen on their festival: This is most probably off topic here. Still posting because this is related to India concerning the real face of some Indians who are fortunately forced to create a separate society other than this. I dont mind degrading and dehumanizing a community read Muslim if and when they deserve it. But it is definitely neither Indian nor greatness to wish people in a humormixed dishonest and dishonoring manner on their Day. I am talking about the comments in this np post https//np.reddit.com/r/IndiaSpeaks/comments/bwxeaf/eidmubarak/. Month after Sena sought ban BJP distributes burqas for Eid. Jai Hind I guess. Mentoo Oberoi rape accuser to be chargesheeted held for plotting attack on self Police. No tears for fears Modi says he wants Muslim participation not isolation Muslims must take him at his word. Indian Election Update Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj Netflix. The Ruins of Martand Sun Temple The House of Pandavs in Anantnag Kashmir. [OC] [1920x1280]. Selfies Wont Help The Environment But Wholl Tell The Government That. Casteism hidden behind white coats Students professors say medical field rife with bias against marginalised. Eminent Muslim citizens hail PMs outreach to minorities. Garbage mountain at Delhis Ghazipur landfill to rise higher than Taj Mahal by 2020. 30yearold woman raped filmed by 5 men in Rajasthans Pali. The trauma of being forced to learn English is played out painfully in this small town classroom. Woke To Broke The Stunning Rise And Fall Of AIB. 6 things an anticaste woke must be mindful of in Ayushmann Khurranas new film Article 15. Woman Ties Rakhi to Gujarat BJP MLA Who Assaulted Her in Public. Dont Show Me the Money What It Takes To Be an Unambitious Person. Kathua rapemurder case Verdict likely to be pronounced by June 10. From traffic cops to deliverymen They toil and serve even as Delhi sizzles. Harithapoorna A 1000 trees for Kochi. Shakti Mill gangrape case Bombay HC upholds death penalty clause for repeat offenders in rape cases. Bombay HC upholds death penalty clause for repeat offenders in rape cases India News Times of India. Swiss bank accounts Names of industrialists Sanjay Dalmia DK Himatsingka dozen others revealed in Switzerlands Federal Gazette. I promise. Hosting Punjabis Telugus and Tamilians today for a party. Song recommendations anyone: [removed]. Best hotel management Colleges in India Hotel management Course NIMS University Jaipur Rajasthan: ampx200B [img]131gdd57v2231 best hotel management colleges in India We are well known for our [best hotel and tourism management college in India]https//nimsuniversity.org/programmes/hoteltourismmanagement/. We offer bachelors and master degree in hotel and tourism management with an aim to provide quality education and training to our students. We have industry experts to train our students.. Why not have proper road signs like Lane change signs on Roads: I have always thought about this and although we have started seeing good road infrastructure particularly in highways. Most drivers dont know about lane change being in the lane and we dont even have signs on roads like that. See Image below. Its annoying. Does anyone know why even big metropolitan cities like Delhi Mumbai even dont have it Whos responsible minister for this Should we start a petition [img]2mwl1coal1231. Communal tensions in MP village after Muslims attack Dalit wedding procession Dewas authorities imposes Section 144. Avoid fashion Tamil Nadu govt orders staff to wear saree salwar kameez dupatta veshti. My posts are not vivible: But why. Wife hammers navy staffer to death in Goa after years of domestic abuse say cops. [Repost] Rise of Nazi stickers in India.. Nazi Superman. The Culture of Professional Colleges Failed Dr Payal Tadvi Just as It Did Me. Hard to Write About the Environment Without Despair but There Is Hope Yet. This Chennai teen animal activist plans on selling his familys house to build a shelter. Are CBSE schools in TN gaming their admission schedule to evade RTE quota. Failed passed failed again Saga of a girl who killed herself over it. Police probe weapons training at BJP MLAs school at Mira Road in Maharashtra. In UP A Dalit Girl Burnt Alive Has Left Her Mother Mourning Alone. Satna A Safari to the Tradition and History of Madhya Pradesh: [removed]. Now university in Punjab to train budding politicians. The beauty of India lies in its unity Nawazuddin Siddiqui at ThePrintOTC. When we are constantly made to feel inferior we internalise it MBBS student from Tadvi Bhil community speaks up after Payal Tadvi suicide. High Levels of Arsenic Found in Groundwater in Uttar Pradesh. From Opulence to Sustainability Indian Fashion Gets Redesigned. International Flight booking query: Hi fellow r/india\ns I am flying to Canada with a Temporary resident Visa for first time and there are layovers at London/Chicago where there is change of terminal. So 1. will i be needing a Airport Transit Visa at London/Chicago 2. Is there is any way to avoid Airport Transit Visa 3. What is the best way/site to book international flight tickets 4. What other things i should keep in mind while booking tickets Thank you. hello from india . Anu Malik Back on Indian Idol Despite MeToo Allegations. Kerala HC quashes rape case after man marries victim. Why It Isnt Easy to Devise an Intermediary Script for Indian Languages. Meanwhile Ravish slaying it. Tussi Na Jao How Do You Convince Indian Parents You Want to Move Out. Its 44 degree in Delhi. Stay hydrated friends.. Top Universities in India Top rank University in India NIMS University Jaipur Rajasthan: [removed]. Finding Nemo . Moral policing much Kerala night shelter turns away 5 women students for watching film. Despite HC order worlds largest cutout at 215 ft erected for Suriya ahead of NGK. Super anna. What Millennials Arent Taught About Caste. In Southern India Women Are Being Sexually Exploited in the Name of God. Stuck in Saudi with 6 kids facing death threats from husband Hyd woman seeks help. This Indian school accepts plastic waste instead of fees. Shocking video from Ktaka Woman writhing in labour made to wait 4 hrs loses baby. Fed up of beatings woman kills husband walks to cops with his severed head. 14 days after marriage bride elopes with priest who performed wedding rituals. I saw you in the Delhi Metro today. You left a note HELP ME.: I am a law student currently pursuing BA LLB from a college in NOIDA. I have been interning at a think tank from the past 2 weeks at Hauz Khas. I leave at 8am from NOIDA Electronic City and travel all the way to the Hauz Khas. I end up staying late till 910ish so metro on the way back home is usually empty. Ive seen my fair share of strange occurrences in these past 3 weeks drunk people creating a fuss in the train right next to the ladies compartment ladies arguing at top of their lungs for a seat reserved for them occupied by male passengers. ampx200B But nothing like last night. ampx200B At around 1045pm I was in the last compartment 8th compartment on my way to Botanical Garden in the magenta line. To my surprise there were two people a man and a woman sitting at the extreme end of the train. I boarded the train and sat about 10 seats away from them right next to one of the exit doors. The man was wearing a black tshirt black jeans and black vans. The woman had golden highlights bright red lipstick and wore a black colored kurta with blue colored jeans. She looked like she had been crying for hours the mascara was all spread out and her face red. ampx200B There was complete silence. They were sitting together but not a word. I kept peeking at them but nothing they didnt speak at all. I started minding my own business plugged in my earphones turned the volume up and started listening to my music. Sukhdev Vihar Metro Station was about to come up. The guy stood up grabbed the girl by her arm and pulled her towards him. One of his arm was now looped around her hips as if he owned her. The girl still expressionless as if someone had drugged her. ampx200B He gestured to one of the doors of the metro. They started walking towards the door and thats when I realized that the girl had a prosthetic leg. He was saying something to her and she was was slowly nodding but I couldnt tell what. I had my earphones plugged in. ampx200B They came and stood right in front of the gate facing away from me. The station arrived. Train stopped. Doors opened. Doors closed. They didnt deboard. They stood there. No movement at all. Just like mannequins. I wasnt able to see their faces despite being inches away from them. Of course it could just have been a coincidence but for some reason every single hair on my body stood up. ampx200B I lowered my phones volume and I could hear the girl sobbing. He turned to her and began talking. I unplugged my earphones as slowly as I could and listened ampx200B ...ho toh gaya. Bas ab yeh jo peeche baitha hai iska thikana lagana hai ...sorted now. All we gotta do is take care of the guy sitting behind us ampx200B The blood drained from my head. And then I bolted up. I started running towards the moving direction of the train as fast as I could. Lungs screaming heart thumping so hard I imagine its going to explode out through my chest Jesus I cant explain the horror I felt. I ran like Ive never run before the blood roaring in my skull the taste of copper dread in my mouth. ampx200B Jamia Millia Islamia Station Please Mind The Gap. I ran out of the gate tripped and fell on my knees. I was unable to move let alone standing up and running. I looked up and a Labrador was sniffing me. Behind him two policemen with machine guns were looking at me as if I was the biggest threat to India at that moment. I struggled to get up but I did. I told them everything about the man the woman and the conversation which I overheard. ampx200B They immediately conveyed the message to the station control room via their walkie talkie who then further reached out to the driver of that particular train. By the time all this happened the train had already completed its route and was now standing idle at Botanical Garden. ampx200B We rushed towards botanical garden in the police jeep. We reached the station. There was an employee of Delhi Metro who met us at one of the entry gates. We were then quickly escorted towards the train. ampx200B We got there. The man and the woman were gone. Nothing. Empty. ampx200B They did find one thing though. ampx200B A napkin. Written in dark red ink were the words ampx200B HELP ME ampx200B And below it an address. ampx200B \ ampx200B Just posting this for the while. No point posting the entire thing just for it to be removed by the mods. However if they do allow this and if you guys wish to know what happened next I shall continue with Part 2.. Aru Road Kashmir. [OC] [1330x801]. Men try to gang rape disabled woman kill 8yearold daughter for crying. Was reading something on Tea market in India.. and found this opening paragraph of an article... Was reading something on Tea market in India.. and found this opening paragraph of an article... Top Nursing Colleges in India Best B.sc Nursing College NIMS University Jaipur Rajasthan: ampx200B [img]r9j6igqq74131 bsc nursing colleges We are well known for running [top nursing college in India]https//nimsuniversity.org/programmes/nursingcollege/. We offer B.Sc nursing course with quality training as we have our own inhouse NIMS Hospital. ampx200B ampx200B [img]nvah0bk684131 top nursing colleges in india. 4yearold girl raped during parentteacher meet at school. 9monthold raped in Rajasthan minor detained for crime. Distribution of health workers in rural areas anaemic Study. 3yearold girl raped by middleaged man in Punjab. Why Did Delhi Give Aziz Ansaris Show A Standing Ovation. Haryana Video of Policemen Beating Woman Goes Viral Five Personnel Face Action. Kota Factory Fails to Critique the Culture of IIT Coaching Institutes. Bengalurus garbage doubled in last five years city churns almost 6000 tonnes per day. Payal Tadvis suicide exposes how casteism dehumanises doctors who study to give care and stains their education. Indian Communities Online: [removed]. How to convince my friend to not get a tattoo: My friend is adamant to get a tattoo either on her wrist or the back and I cant seem to convince her otherwise. I Dont find tattoos attractive but we have been dating for only 4 months so I dont have much say. She does modeling and earns quite a bit so I was also wondering if it will affect her career. She is shrugging it off.. Today is Birth Anniversary of Vinayak Damodar Savarkar who loved his motherland India beyond limits.. Year after Latvian tourists murder in Kerala her partner says cops obstructing justice. Rapper And Vet Who Reinvented Stethoscope Amongst Indian Finalists At US Engineering Showcase. Dear Admin would it kill you to have antiIndian user flair: [removed]. Reddit followers: When I see some one is following me on Reddit I feels like some is tracking me. And my activities are being watched. Is that the same thing with you Any Idea how to get rid of it... JusticeForDrPayal Doctor Kills Herself Over Casteist Slurs Seniors Say Unjust To Blame Us. Fear of wrath of upper caste makes dreams of Dalit grooms to ride a mare on wedding day a nightmare in Gujarat. Brides Family Surprises Groom With 1000 Books Worth Rs 1 Lakh After He Refuses To Take Dowry.. Rahul Gandhi to Quit as Congress President Asks Party to Find Replacement Reports. Zanjeer the dog saved thousands of lives during Mumbai serial blasts in March 1993 by detecting more than 3329 kgs of the explosive RDX 600 detonators 249 hand grenades and 6406 rounds of live ammunition. He was buried with full honors in 2000 [xpost from r/pics]. Ajay Devgns father action director Veeru Devgn dies in Mumbai. Wild relatives of wheat in Ladakh may hold key to hardier droughtresistant crops. Mathura Tension prevails after shopkeeper beaten to death from people of other community. After quarrel with husband woman batters sons to death in Telangana. Rap Song. Why does the Rightwing want to occupy Delhis liberal hotspot Khan Market. We Need New Words for New Times But Appealing to Dictionaries Wont Work Why should an Indian English speaker look to the West to validate her variant of English when the vitality of the Indian English language is in fact its own validation. Dhuri tense after 4yrold raped in private school accused arrested. For Genetically Engineered Crops India Is No Country for Regulation. Muslim man beaten up in Gurugram told to remove skullcap and chant Jai Shri Ram.: [removed]. 40 of Indias MPs face criminal charges including rape and murder Study. Reality check Being an unmarried 32yearold man in India. Need guidance regarding career in CS from randians.:  I am a mechanical engineer and recently got a job at Amazon Indiaand a few other good companiesmy question is does not having a cs degree hold you back in promotions and stuff I also considered doing an [M.Tech]https//m.tech/./MS in CS because but the problem is I definitely cant get into a US university because 1. CGPA is on the lower side of 6 2. I dont even know my professors names so no LORs. This leaves me with the option of either doing [M.Tech]https//m.tech/ from India or join the job and chill.I am really confused as to what I should be doing to have the best chances to a good career.I summon thee my 1.6lpm lordsguide this lost soul. Thankyou.. Ichhamati A classic Bengali novel set along a river is an archive of a forgotten ecological past. Bf blocked me. So had nothing to do . Woman Who Accused Karan Oberoi Of Rape Attacked In Mumbai. Visibility check: [removed]. India lucky to have him Trump congratulates PM Modi over phone. Bollywood celebrities express grief over Surat fire tragedy. [SERIOUS] Whom to report dust from nearby building construction to: Like there are mechanisms in AU for reporting to local council https//www.environment.nsw.gov.au/questions/dustbuildingconstruction Does such a mechanism exist in India. [serious]Got cheated by someone in the US. What to do: I hired this person who was from the US to do some coding work. I had worked with him before and it went well. For the second time I trusted them with a 50 upfront payment which was close to 1000 in crypto. The work got delayed for many weeks and there was a new reason every time until he finally stopped replying to my messages. Its been almost 3 months now and I have very little hope of it being recovered and whenever I remember about it I feel so helplessi am from India. Is there a website I can register a complain against him for fraud Any forums where I can post about this person to watch out for I have screenshots of chat that support this. I also have his name and address. Any advice is appreciated. Thanks. List of Indian Subreddits: [removed]. PM Narendra Modi movie review Vivek Oberoi hams his way through an unwittingly farcical comical hagiography. Nsfw [TIL] about the hstud and mslut on twitter and is this a kink A fetish Have I gone too deep into the black hole thats the Internet: Also definitely no kink shame. Does anyone know about this Am I just discovering it Wonder whats the root of this kink developing. No hate I was just intrigued when I found this.. Taj Mahal Is the First Indian UNESCO Heritage Site to Get a Breastfeeding Room. Eight Years Since Conception Gujarats GIFT City Struggles to Create Employment. 6 people killed several injured as massive fire breaks out at Surat building. While all eyes were on elections the government moved to overhaul environmental clearance rules. Indian migrants say Italy needs them despite rise of farright. Dont wanna visit or live in North India again after the 2019 results: Am a Tamil guy who spent first 18 years of his life in Delhi and now 8 years and counting in Chennai. Was never really a guy who would take a side when everyone around me would fight about north India vs South India. Always thought all are equal Indians and this is just a silly childish fight. And Delhi being the home where I spent my teenage and adolescence one day I do wanted to come back and live there. But after seeing the overwhelming majority of such an organisation dont wanna go into what is wrong with them save it yesterday I am done with the people of North. 2014 was understandable people wanted change. But after all that happened in 5 years why would such a majority want them back. I wouldnt be able to live with that mentality. Perhaps TN is the right place. ltJust needed a place to rant. I dont have any political inclinations to any other party as well. All are useless. But the ruling one is worse in more than one humanitarian groundsgt. On TV Arnab Goswami Rajdeep Sardesai amp Navika Kumar looked like they had won 2019 polls. Gogoi Confidant Held Inquiry Which Sacked Woman Complainant from Supreme Court. These election results are depressing.: Thats it. Thats the whole post. These results are depressing and Indian democracy is a joke. You can agree or disagree or can have nuanced conservative views. This is my post and my opinion. A truly sad day for our country.. Zakir Musa JampKs most wanted militant killed in Kashmir. [R]. [Serious]What do you talk about on a first date: Matched with someone really cute on a dating app and we decided to skip the small talk and just meet in person. Now Im not sure what to say or how to begin. A Year After RTI Activist Was Killed in Gujarat Assailants Hack His Son to Death. Rahul Gandhi admitting defeat in Amethi a seat held by INC since 1999 is a sign that nothing can be taken for granted and nothing in permanent.: [removed]. Rahul and Congress will be back: All people who thinking Congress is gone think again we will comeback strongly and thrash BJP soon..there will be assembly elections next and Rahul will comeback strongly and lead party to win like Chattisgadh/MP/Raj. ampx200B Rahul Gandhi is winning by record margin in Indian political history which should give him enough confidence to revive party.. The first time terrorist were elected under the pretention of development. The second time there wasnt any pretention at all.: BJP voters will torch their homes if you promise them that adjacent homes of Muslims will burn as well.. This is unacceptable. I will gladly take the ban even if only one person sees this.. INDIAN GAME OF THRONES.: [removed]. Beat the Heat Jugaad by Zomato delivery man. Hello: [removed].  . Group Kidnaps 2 Men in Rajasthan Burns Their Genitals Manhunt On. Justice Chelameswar says due process not followed in CJI Gogoi sexual harassment case. 13 lakh a year thats what India Today says IIMCs graduates get. Polling Officials Forget to Delete Fake Votes Decide to Erase Real Ones to Hide Their Tracks. TN 5yrold beaten to death with tree branch and PVC pipe mom and partner arrested. R/India gave me a new perspective about transgenders intrusive begging in trains: Just gave someone 10 bucks and it felt good. Surprisingly all it took was a bit of empathy and 10 bucks. Being a transgender is a disability in India. Help them out when you see them begging.. Trichy man allegedly beaten to death for defending a woman being harassed. Remember Thoothukudi A year later no justice in sight for families of the dead. Selftaught Chennai boy reads and writes over 106 languages speaks 10. CJI sexual harassment case Justice Lokur says woman not fairly treated hints at institutional bias. Mumbai Man Running Charity Allegedly Rapes Brazilian Student After Spiking Drink. When are we getting flairs on Randia: [removed]. Top Universities in India Study with the best minds NIMS University Jaipur Rajasthan: [Topranked private university in India by ASSOCHAM]https//i.redd.it/ls3lkrqo0pz21.jpg NIMS University Rajasthan Jaipur is one of the largest selffinanced universities located in Jaipur Rajasthan India. It is recognized by UGC established under the NIMS University Act 2008 by the government of India. The university was formed by Balvir S. Tomar. It is a medical paramedical and technical university. ampx200B gtNIMS University is one of the [top universities in India]https//nimsuniversity.org. For a better future and career join us. ampx200B ampx200B [YOUR CAREER NEEDS NIMS UNIVERSITY]https//i.redd.it/vs2fbdy81pz21.png. Whos Right for the Forest Anyway. My Vote Is For the WellBeing Of My Fellow Indians No government policy really affects me or perhaps even touches me. My life was no different during the ten years when Manmohan Singh was prime minister than the five years when Modi was or Vajpayee was. Half the Vote Indian women are voting more than ever before but continue to feel unheard. Was Game of Thrones finale inspired by our very own Ramayana. My parents convinced me that dowry is not that bad. Have I been tricked: Okay. Lets keep what caste I am aside. I am from Punjab. Basically having been unable to find a girl for myself Ive settled for my parents decision for arranged marriage for me. I earn well and as it often goes in arranged marriage you cant judge someones character but you can see what the family is like and do the enquiry thing and you can expect that the familys nature is an image of the girls nature as well. And you usually marry into a family with the same status as yours. Its like the old saying that friendship is seldom lasting but between equals. Dont ask me its validity. And they say that our status matches with a family whod be willing to spend 20 lacs in the wedding. Now hold on. Not a justification but we spent same on sisters wedding. And the breakup is that 40 out of it will be jewellery gold 10 will be furniture. Only 20 will be spent on consumables such as wedding palace or food let me give an estimate. \4lacs. A major on clothes for both families shaguns for random relatives which they also get back on an average in other peoples marriages so its important to give to relatives. Now in our community around the time of wedding the common tradition unsaid is that the guy will spend on the house repairs and making sure it looks good etc. And theres a lot spent on that by the guy about X/2 amount. So the fact that the girl brings along some furniture doesnt sound like as bad thing but just sharing the cost of house building and following the unwritten agreement. When the girl is born the family has ample time to collect the amount of money up to the day of her marriage. And I agree that in most cases guys dont spend anything on the house etc. and demand cars etc. I dont want to propagate a social injustice. However my parents say that if I say to the girls family that we dont want money then theyll consider me a fool and start scamming us in other things. Or that if we say we want to spend in the marriage as much as the girls side then well find a family which will spend less lets say 5 lakhs and that is too below our status. A girl from lower status will steal money from our family and send back home. Let me educate you that in arranged marriage the girl stays in guys town with him and its predecided. Conflicts are managed not individually by the guy but by families. So mostly the guy or the girl doesnt need to fear. The girl I met online is demanding money to talk to her Times of India. Mumbai coastal road project Photographers document marine life fishermen who stand to lose. Is AIIMS the Latest Victim of Commercialisation of Public Property. What Use Is Dredging the Brahmaputra. Explained Seven DeadEnds if Youre a Victim of Sexual Harassment in the Supreme Court. Gujarat riots gangrape survivor receives justice after 17 years. MJ Akbars day in court was punctuated by what he didnt know and what he called selfevident. Best coaching in Dehradun: [removed]. PDP Workers Family Cast 5 of 7 Votes in South Kashmir Village. He Was Shot 5 Times For It. Popular Handicraft Villages in India: [removed]. Contact information and a large amount of data for millions of influencers scraped via exploits by Mumbai firm Chtrbox.. Can laptop service centre report pirated software on your pc: Hello I recently gave my laptop to service centre I have some pirated games on it I was wondering if the service centre guys can report to police regarding it Please answer guys I am shitting bricks Right now. Thanks. Photos A glimpse of preHarappan life at Haryanas Kunal village. Life at Ground Zero Documenting the effects of nuclear testing on Pokhrans residents. Eco India Scraps from Delhis flower market have transformed these women wastepickers into artists. Woman Quits Cushy US Job to Go Organic Transforms Farm into 10Acre Food Forest. Why NGT Thinks Allahabad Is on the Verge of an Epidemic After Kumbh Mela. Congress must die Yogendra Yadavs pronouncement stirs debate. A fight to save lands How Ktaka residents are resisting an oil refinerys expansion. MJ Akbar crossquestioned in Priya Ramani case denies he met her in hotel room. TIL in 2004 around 200 women barged in a Nagpur district court with chilli powder and knives his penis chopped off and Akku Yadav was lynched to death in front of the judge. He had 88 cases against him which included rape murder attempt to murder gangrapes extortion etc. in the last 14 years.: Sept. 05 The Guardian gt [Arrest us all the 200 women who killed a rapist. When hundreds of women descended on Nagpur district court armed with knives stones and chilli powder within minutes the man who raped them lay dead. Raekha Prasad reports]https//www.theguardian.com/world/2005/sep/16/india.gender gt At 3pm on August 13 2004 Akku Yadav was lynched by a mob of around 200 women from Kasturba Nagar. It took them 15 minutes to hack to death the man they say raped them with impunity for more than a decade. Chilli powder was thrown in his face and stones hurled. As he flailed and fought one of his alleged victims hacked off his penis with a vegetable knife. A further 70 stab wounds were left on his body. The incident was made all the more extraordinary by its setting. Yadav was murdered not in the dark alleys of the slum but on the shiny white marble floor of Nagpur district court. gt Laughed at and abused by the police when they reported being raped by Yadav the women took the law into their own hands. A local thug Yadav and his gang had terrorised the 300 families of Kasturba Nagar for more than a decade barging into homes demanding money shouting threats and abuse. gt Residents say he murdered at least three neighbours and dumped their bodies on railway tracks. They had reported his crimes to the police dozens of times. Each time he was arrested he was granted bail. gt He violated women to control men ordering his henchmen to drag even girls as young as 12 to a nearby derelict building to be gangraped. gt Prominent lawyers issued a statement saying the women should not be treated as the accused but as the victims. One retired high court judge even congratulated the women. In the circumstances they underwent they were left with no alternative but to finish Akku. The women repeatedly pleaded with the police for their security. But the police failed to protect them said Justice Bhau Vahane. gt Prominent among their supporters were 100 lawyers based in Nagpur who issued a statement saying the women should not be treated as the accused but as the victims. gt On the day of Yadavs hearing 200 women came to the court armed with vegetable knives and chilli powder. As he walked in Yadav spotted one of the women he had raped. He called her a prostitute and threatened to repeat the crime against her. The police laughed. She took off her sandal and began to hit him shouting We cant both live on this Earth together. Its you or me. Nov. 14 NDTV [In Lynching of Alleged Rapist in Nagpur Court in 2004 All Accused Let Off]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/inlynchingofallegedrapistinnagpurcourtin2004allaccusedletoff691479 gt A court in Maharashtra today let off 21 people including six women accused of murdering Akku Yadav an alleged rapist during a court hearing in 2004. Special report from NDTV https//www.youtube.com/watchvo3XPHUQXPcU Documentary Candles in the Wind https//www.youtube.com/watchv4dlW15DRCs8. Vastu Shastra for Factory VASTUDEKHO. What are your thoughts on the current reservation system where medical PG seats are less than 5 for general category in Maharashtra and there are talks about reservation in the private sector: [removed]. Enter Sultanas Reality Exploring the relationship between women and books in India. Opium cultivation in Arunachal Pradesh Tracing impact of tradition and trafficking. Arundhati Roys The Doctor and the Saint Strongest when scrutinising Gandhi but falters on Ambedkar. Fluctuating 4G speeds. In the shadow of Delhis Jama Masjid an art project is helping homeless women map their lives. I voted for the right people 101yearold Esakiammal in Ottapidaram constitution. Memorial dedicated to Savita Halappanavar an Indian woman living in Ireland who died of sepsis after being denied an abortion on the grounds that the fetus she was miscarrying still had a detectable heartbeat. [Xpost from r/pics]. An 8Yearold Girl from Rajasthan Is Currently Fighting for Her Life after Being Kidnapped and Raped by Neighbor. 15yearold rape suspect beaten to death in Rajasthan. Mangaluru gripped by water scarcity unprecedented situation sees residents struggle. Nirnay The film is Pushpas journey as she tries to make sense of her own life and those of her women friends 2012. Dialogue with Filmmakers Anupama Srinivasan January 2019. Andhra ministers wife creates ruckus at toll plaza over payment of Rs 56. Minor girl gangraped in Telanganas Siddipet accused absconding. Kababs kulfis qormas Forgotten recipes from Shah Jahans kitchens get a second life in this book. On My Own Five single women share their experiences of living on their own in Delhi as they justify their decisions to their families come to terms with their own loneliness and also discover some things about themselves 2002. Pulwama encounter Hizbul militant involved in jawan Aurangzebs death last June among three killed. Rajasthan 3 minor girls raped within month after Alwar gang rape. Do Indians Just Hate Each Other Too Much To Share Bikes. https//community.vastudekho.com/6622/vastushastraforfactoryvastuforindustryvastudekho. PM Modis Press conference.. 6 Summer Vacation Retreats of Southern India. Over 1000 Aadhaar cards found dumped on Tamil Nadu river bank. Man and Religion. Doctor from Andhra Pradesh drowns in Goa while attempting to take a selfie at beach. Andhra couple suffer burn injuries while thwarting sons immolation bid. Bengaluru stalker slashes off part of flight attendants ear. When the day ends this quarter of tea at this place calls me.. the one addiction that I just cant quit.. Tea. Alok Naths De De Pyaar De Proves Bollywood Just Doesnt Care About Its Women. Haryana discreetly consolidates acres of forest land in Kot. Human/Nature In photos of trees and crumbling houses a criticism of modern development. Four Years on How Swachh Is Bharat. What can I do to help stop rape in India: Every news of a rape hits me. I feel like I have to take responsibility for the rape of any woman in my country or by my countrymen abroad. Is there any way you redditbros know so that I can make a difference other than mere activism Is there any legitimate institution which can help a rape victim. MeToo cant become a sullying you too campaign Delhi HC. Khunti gangrape case Six convicts in the case including Father Alfonso Aind have been sentenced to life imprisonment by a district court in Jharkhand reports ANI [timesofindia on Twitter]. MeToo cant become a sullying you too campaign Delhi HC.. This comment on a Youtube video. Mumbai 15yearold gangraped in Virar friend tied to tree and thrashed. Maybe a rant maybe i am asking for suggestions i really cant think anymore i am sorry: Hello. I am a 20 year old. I have scored very well throughout my school years which has hiked up the expectations of my parents terribly. I opted for commerce passed high school with great results and took up economics. I might have managed to score well in Maths but I despise it and honestly its not my thing at all. NOT at all. I left my university due to some private reasons and I do not regret doing so. The thing is now that I will be trying to get admitted into another institute/college I want to reconsider my decision. Its not possible to excel in economics if you are not comfortable with maths definitely not after a certain point of time. On the other hand I have always been very good at and interested in anything theoretical. I suggested literature Indians will know the kind of response i received and its not wrong I guess. Theres really no scope outside of pursuing a career in teaching/being a professor. I suggested International Relations. If my parents are so extremely concerned about my career I will try my best and prepare for CAT. I mean I am not that unintelligent or at least I like to think so. At this point tbh I have lost all hope. I feel like a failure. My parents are very abusive and I am not talking about the kind of abusive desi parents usually and casually are. Way more violent and worse than that. Everyones mentally ill no joke and I am no exception. These fights are very tiring. Its extremely emotionally draining and my brains not working anymore. I feel like I am in a trance and cant curse myself enough for not being able to stop self harm and actually just doing the deed. So thats the rant ig. Any suggestions are welcome. And no please dont get worried about that self harm thing I have been at it for years. I shouldnt have wrote that in the first place but I just wanted to get it off my chest I guess. Thanks.. When the grass was green Todas of the Nilgiris long for their lost grasslands. This Indian Festival Is a FuckYou to All Those Who Think Menstruating Is Still a Taboo. What drove Kerala motherdaughter to suicide Dowry black magic and torture says note. New word Modilie. Aditya Pancholi shares video of Kangana Ranauts lawyer trying to threaten him with a false rape case. Rape sexual assault poverty what people with disabilities face in Malwa. How Pawar Modi Tried To Help A Builder Fight Indias Green Laws. Help regarding pending transaction through BHIM App: I made a transaction through the BHIM App 4 days ago. The money was deducted from my account but the recipient hasnt received it yet. The status of the transaction in the app is shown pending. Meanwhile I have made other transactions to other people which were successful. I am using the official BHIM App by NPCI and not the SBI one. So far I have raised a complaint through the SBI Complaint Management Portal. It currently shows under process and gives no timeline by which the issue is supposed to be solved. I have also raised a complaint with the BHIM App as well. And it currently shows you have already raises an issue for this transaction and no further information. If anyone here has faced similar problem in the past how long does it generally take for these issues to get resolved Are there other avenues phone call email that I can explore Any help is appreciated. Thank you for your time.. Why Bengaluru colleges setting a higher cutoff for girls is illegal and discriminatory. Hapur woman sold off by dad raped by 16 men in 5 yrs FIR. Cancer lung ailments are on the rise in Kolkata. Yet the city is doing little to curb air pollution. Priyanka Chopra opens up about racist bullying she endured as a teenager. Indias Fastest Train Vande Bharat Express Clocks 1 Lakh Running Kilometres. Going beyond Bollywood at the 14th Habitat Film Festival. MeToo Witness statements dont support accusations against Nana Patekar says Police [p]. Smearing a Cake on Someones Face in Public Can Get You Arrested in Gujarat. Half the Vote A Mumbai woman struggles to take control of her life and her political choices. May 15 1936 Ambedkar published Annihilation of Caste. What was his conflict with Gandhi. Dont We Have Freedom Over Our Bodies Ask Blurus Sex Workers. Assam Defying curfew Muslim man drives auto to take pregnant Hindu woman to hospital. Air India pilot alleges senior asked her Dont you need to have sex every day airlines orders probe. No summer respite from air pollution this season in Delhi. 9 arrested over drunken brawl in upscale Bengaluru restaurant. Another Jammu And Kashmir Minor Raped Days After Protests For 3YearOld. Buddha Purnima Enlighting the Path of Love Peace and Truth: [removed]. Cuddalore woman murder Distraught family seeks justice as police probe sexual assault angle. Does the Environment Matter to Indian Voters. I Was Asked To Reveal Secret Vote Threatened With Arrest Says Delhi Voter. Uncovering a humble chaiwallahs billiondollar lifestyle. Rape horror in UPs Hapur At least they wont rape me now that Im burnt all over. Opinion Coordination as a hurdle for the MeToo movement. Girl who accused Goa exminister of rape goes missing. Indias MeToo backlash accusers battle intimidation threats and lawsuits. A Tour to the Manchester City of India Kanpur Central Welcomes You. Myself right now. SAD:  So starting right off all I am felling is sad about me in a room hostel room just lying on this uncomfortable bed given by this college I am studying. People are moving around me time as time pass over me. So just opened my laptop thinking to do some gaming till the time but I am not thrilled by playing games anymore or watching series. What has happened to me I feel like I have not left any interest in doing in anything and also I am not either good at anything else thats the emotion I get off from myself. Seemingly this I think too much introvert which is not good and I am not able to express that to someone else. I wanted to do things to go out try new things and much more that we do in college life. I want to dance or to play guitar but I got no confidence to do it in front of other people. Is it I dont have a clear mind or goal in life . I feel just that all people are best from me so I should back out or even withdraw when the opportunity is given to me . Is this me or there are people who think they are being left out and didnt know to how to come out from that than showing true self even you have to explore. Like if someone asks you questions Whats your talent How you describe your nature Which country food you like What kind of people attracts you Who is your true friend When was last time you made someone happy when they not expected it from you especially in family. Woman who accused former Goa minister Atanasio Monserratte of rape goes missing. Atanasio Monserratte who is contesting the upcoming Panaji Assembly bypoll on Congresss ticket was booked in May 2016 for allegedly raping the woman in March that year when she was 17 years old.. Creatures from Mumbais shore and their housing stories. How my intrusive thoughts and pure o ocd works.: I know this isnt related to India but now that there are more than 2 lakhs indians here. Id like to make people aware of this mental illness as i was ignorant about intrusive thoughts and ocd myself. First of all ocd isnt just about being obsessed with having things in order its much more complex and varies from person to person. I suffer from intrusive and obsessive thoughts that are in my head all the time. I used to keep ruminating about things believing that it was normal. Something disturbing happened in my life and i started ruminating and obsessing over a particular thought. Within a month it became a destructive pattern and took over my life. I started obsessing about one thing to another. If i saw something disturbing I would definitely start develop obsessive thoughts about that. For example i was watching a movie where there was a very disturbing scene involving a little girl and it disturbed me so much that i started doubting myself my own principles and the fear of uncertainty weather i am capable of doing such things took home deep in my mind. To a person with pure o ocd these thoughts can be paralysing. At the time these thoughts felt so real. I would cry thinking what is wrong with me and what have i become. These obsessive thoughts can be about any topic or theme like hurting children pedophilia incest hurting your loved onesmom existance of reality not being clean thoughts about religion homosexuality doubting your sexuality etc. I would waste my days and weeks just thinking that something is deeply wrong with me and feeling that i should lock myself or avoid children because i am a danger to society. These thoughts felt so real and scary. Now that i am much more aware of how ocd works and how intrusive thoughts work i am in much better shape mentally to handle them. I read books about ocd intrusive thoughts and practice mindfulness to get myself out of this terrible illness. To avoid triggers and reduce the terrible anxiety these thoughts bring i am practicing exposure and response prevention therapy myself. Sometimes the intrusive thoughts catch me off guard and Ill ruminate without realising but doing meditation helps to step out of my mind and accept the terrible thoughts. Also knowledge is power when it comes to pure o ocd. The more you read how how it all works the less youll feel scared and alien to your own self. I still suffer from it but now its nowhere near as scary as it used to be. I am looking for a therapist but finding a good one who doesnt charge a bomb is not easy. Thanks for reading and if you or someone you know might suffer from this it can be really scary tell them its okay. You are not your thoughts I guess what im trying to say is that mental health is so much important. Dont let it take a back seat in your life. Seek help go talk to a therapist and if you cant just meditation or taking small steps of self improvement also goes a long way. Here are some books that helped me Overcoming Unwanted Intrusive Thoughts A CBTBased Guide to Getting Over Frightening Obsessive or Disturbing Thoughts https//www.amazon.in/dp/1626254346/refcmswrcpapaii5z2Cb5G1W6GV You Are Not a Rock A StepbyStep Guide to Better Mental Health for Humans https//www.amazon.in/dp/0143132601/refcmswrcpapaiH5z2Cb0DJW7JT. Walks at Night with This Song Playing Jeene Me Aaye Mazaa . Mumbais Tap Water Now Fit for Direct Consumption. Cyclone Fani Dalits in Puri say they were turned away from shelters at height of storm. Thousands protest rape of 3yearold in Indian Kashmir. Platform Ticket Rules an Overview. A Tour to the Manchester City of India Kanpur Central Welcomes You: [removed]. These kind of places for studying in South Mumbai stay open 24x7. Mostly entrance kids are using it but Ive found my new haven to read books.. Top 20 Twitter trends now in India are about IPLFinal2019: [removed]. [Sanitary Panels] Beats tough stains like murder rape and lynching charges. Get yours FREE with a BJP ticket TODAY [p]. Humiliated Bishan Bedi After Name Missing From Voters List.  69 1961/619384/6842019 4 00 40/45 11 . Punjab Disappeared Recounts Mass Atrocities and the Struggle for Justice. Over 300 Yaks Starve to Death Due to Heavy Snowfall in North Sikkim. In Mumbai an artist wants to confront caste biases with a sustainable fashion brand. Kerala temple festival As ban on celebrity elephant is lifted spotlight moves to stress on animals. Bengaluru residents oppose move to turn community ground to police station. Denied sick leave pregnant Andhra teacher collapses at workshop and bleeds to death. These college students came up to me on Marine Drive to discuss Climate Change with their posters FridaysForFuture.  69000 shikshak bharti 11 2019 14 . [P] Cops Delayed Case On GangRape Due To Rajasthan Polls Alleges Survivor. Made of FlyAsh Bricks Harvests Sun amp Rain Inside Indias First Certified Green Home. IELTS Coaching in Dehradun Uttarakhand. Im the kid who got 60 in Boards and whose moms post went viral. AMA: [removed]. Spoken Too Soon Is Praise For Odisha For Tackling Cyclone Fani Misplaced. Gwalior Cop Caught On Camera Hitting Woman With Child Inside Station. Swara Bhasker says her politics has made her a nuisance in Bollywood but she wont stop now. Bengaluru police detain man for allegedly insulting national anthem inside theatre. 1457150. Quick maffs by AVT. Vashikaran Pandit in ludhiana. Cops Delayed Case On GangRape Due To Rajasthan Polls Alleges Survivor. 20yo woman gangraped by 5 men in front of her husband in Rajasthan. DU Chaupal Delhi Women Sick of All Govts Lip Service to Safety. On the trail of the mysterious Atishi pamphlet heres what we found out. As lakes dry up Chennai will stop receiving water from its three main sources by June. Poor air quality over northern India from dust storms in May 2018. Indias growing solar power programme could leave behind a trail of waste. English for Beginners. reDiscovery Podcast S03E09 A unique Ganpati celebration in a 400 year old Goan familys heritage home The reDiscovery Project [March 2018]. Overacting over 9000. The High Barriers to Justice For Women. Overacting over 9000. Overacting over 9000. Despair in search of livelihood The saga of the Telangana Gulf migration. Theyre just everywhere these days.. All for the perfect tiger shot Unregulated tourism and its effects on wildlife. Tired locked up and this song.. I guess I am done for the day. Ladies Compartments Aditi Ramesh on the bands creative process the need for women musicians to support each other. A Delhi Village That Was Set to Be ODF Still Goes to the Fields. What do slaveholders think. Chandni Chowk Lok Sabha constituency In Delhis GB Road democracy fails to light up dark lives of sex workers. Use TRAI DND 2.0Do not Disturb instead of Truecaller: Truecaller is a privacy risk. They earn money from users data. Nobody uses it except Indians. They collect your number name address call information occupation social network details and also constantly share your phone statuson call offline etc. There are so many videos and articles like [Dear Indians have mercy on others and stop using truecaller.]https//www.indiatoday.in/technology/talkingpoints/story/dearindianshavemercyonothersandstopusingtruecaller36027520161230 I remember asking them to remove my number from their server and they said I am infringing my friends privacy by not allowing to share my number with them / They also said that my number will be removed coz I opt out but it may get added again by somebody gt.gt They take money from companies including shady ones to not show the companys numbers as spam. Why you should use TRAI DND 2.0 APP This app is a blessing its just like the USAs calling service use to block spammers. You can directly select an SMS or a phone number which was a spam and they will make sure to open a ticket and then block it D Why it is better Well lets say you reported a number and TRAI acknowledge it as spam and blocked it on all networks. This will benefit every Indian including the ones who dont own any android or iOS phone. But I get calls from unknown numbers What about random boys calling a girl Its a random number so theres no strong urgency to accept it right so heres what you can do. Create a secondary gmail not linked to anythingespecially no phone contacts and then use that gmail to directly sign into truecaller in the web browserprefer using any browser instead of chrome as it will ask you to sign in to google account in your phone. You can use that to check any number without giving any info except your ip.. AAP Leader Atishi Breaks Down Over Defaming Pamphlets Distributed by the BJP. Interview I Have Lost Everything Woman Who Alleged Sexual Harassment by CJI Gogoi. Woman in critical condition after gang rape in Mysuru police search for suspects. Fatherson duo booked for sexually abusing minor girl in Vellore. West Bengal Police Tells Rape Survivor to Come Back After Elections. The survivor a minor had filed the complaint 18 days ago but an FIR has not been registered.. This mothers social media post on her son scoring 60 in Class 10 exams is winning the internet. Inside a scam call center in Kolkata. 2 men rape 12yrold girl smash her head with stones in MP. Mathemagic aba2abb But Why. Pooja Bedi Hosts a Press Conference Defending Karan Oberoi from Band of Boys. Spiritual leader Anand Giri arrested for sexual assault of two women in Australia court refuses bail. As many as 170 JeM terrorists killed in Balakot airstrike Italian journalist. The Angriest State in India Is Plagued by Suicides and Drought. I Am a Girl But I Was Sold Off Like Cattle [February 2019]. Rehabilitating Manual Scavengers Must Go Beyond Reinforcing Caste Hierarchies. Why Is Nobody Allowed to Question the Inquiry Into Allegations Against CJI Gogoi. Moderators unresponsive what to do: [removed]. Is it possible to see only the best threads from this sub or any sub for that matter: [removed]. An Indigenous Community Might Just Rescue Bengaluru From a Water Crisis. Workplace ethics and Indian cinema What do low productivity and unrealistically made films have in common. I can manage 79yrold Pune woman lived her whole life without electricity. TN Dalit man recounts brutal assault and humiliation two arrested. Men amp Boys of r/india where do you keep your wallet: Front pockets or back pocket of jeans/pants And why For instance i keep my wallet in the front pocket since i feel its safe that way and someone can easily pick from the back pocket.. Jharkhand Six convicted by court in the case where five girls of an NGO were raped in Kochang Khunti last year. Sushil Jaiswal Public Prosecutor says Father Alfonso Aind amp 5 others have been convicted. Alfonso Aind was identified as the conspirator in the case. 7.5.19 [ANI on Twitter]. CJI Sexual Harassment Case Protesters demand committee report The Urban Debate With Faye DSouza. CJI Protest Cops Ordered Pakad ke Rakho Says Detained Activist. Destructive futility 10 reasons why Mumbais Coastal Road Project should be scrapped. How I was detained by the cops for covering a protest and later releasedwith no explanation. How Devarattam uses sexual violence as a prop to fan caste pride. A Teachers Thoughts on Our New National Culture of Bullying. Justice Is Dead Long Live the Justices. CBI Traces Houses Where Unnao Rape Victim Was Kept After Abduction. I 21F cannot stand my brother 15M constantly playing PUBG: [removed]. CBI Traces Houses Where Unnao Rape Victim Was Kept After Abduction. 8 Refreshing Summer Vacation Drinks to Order in Train. Ayurvedic Cough Syrup Medicine in Bangalore Herbal Cough Nil Syrup. Step aside Swiggy and Zomato. WhatsApp is the new way to buy and sell food in Bengaluru. Am dejected and terrified Complainant after CJI gets clean chit in harassment case. TV Actor Karan Oberoi Arrested For Allegedly Raping Blackmailing Woman. Maharashtra Couple set on fire for intercaste marriage woman dead. Vastu Pyramids For Attracting Positive Energy VASTUDEKHO. Any software professionals here working in Netherlands [R]: Hey guys Im having terrible time working in India. Its Asad story in itself. Im looking for job in Netherlands. I have more than 12 years of experience. How do I find a job there living in India Thank you.. Posting in Hindi without translation should be banned in this sub.: [removed]. CBSE Class 10th results are out.: Hope all class 10th randians are in good spirits. Also if you did not got what you expected Please dont take any extreme steps and convey the same to your friends. Life is more than class 10th results. At this crucial point of your life most of you would be confused what you want to become in your life. Thats normal and sometimes life has other plans for you towards which it will direct you. I have seen people taking up PCM losing interest in Engg and then suddenly preparing for CA and then clearing it also. Most of you will be going for Engg which I am not saying is bad but Please do not forget to explore other options in case Life Fucks you. Life is not equal to JEE or NEET or CA Remember Life is about the Never Quit approach and it will check you whether you are upto the mark for what it has in store for you. Life will make you desparate at times but stay there and tell yourself Life it aint over and I am coming back. Also please refrain from asking marks of other if they themselves dont tell you sometimes the person him/her self cant digest the output of the hardwork he/she put in. Lastly Make these last 2 years of school life memorable if you can. Lastly celebrate what have you got whether its a 75 or 95. You cant change it now. So Hit the accelarator hard and look forward to the new journey. Cheers. Best Vastu Guidelines For Home OfficeVastu For OfficeVASTU DEKHO. Facing a credibility crisis Keralas Catholic Church launches TV channel to spread positive news. Shekinah TV run by an evangelical movement under the church comes on the heels of two top priests being charged with rape and corruption.. Dalit youth thrashed for sitting on a chair eating at wedding dies. The secret society of the paper wasp. A gathering storm on Elephanta. The frog with stars [April 2019]. Delhi Man Drags Elder Brother Out of House Shoots Him Dead as Wife and Child Watch in Horror. Cant Recall Details Says M.J. Akbar in MeToo Sexual Harassment Defamation Case. MJ Akbar vs Priya Ramani a breakdown of the 120minute long courtroom drama. Extreme Events in the Himalayan Region Are We Prepared for the Big One. Sexual harassment allegations Dont probe in womans absence hurts SC name Justice Chandrachud tells panel. I hate it when people waste food: Moved out to another city for work last year for the first time since then I have been to many outings for food. And the thing that connects most of these outings is the the sacred practice of leaving food behind for holy dustbins. I truly detest these people well it usually lasts 5 10 minutes. I used to tell people around me to finish their food but people usually do not care. Because by most their understanding they paid for it so its their right to decide the foods fate. I stopped bugging them as this was annoying. When I think why I get so annoyed by people who waste food I think its because of my mom. She always used to tell me to not waste a single grain and how much hard work and time is put into growing that single grain when I visit my village for minuscule amount of time and do insignificant amount of labor work so I can sort of understand so I obliged although my sibling still leave food sometimes and it sometimes leads to overeating. Now when I see people leave food the above mentioned points do not come into my mind its just infuriates me. Hope I will get used to it or the people will change. Hope you dont leave food on you plate or do you. In absurd twist case filed against Kerala activists who fought for murdered rape victim. Two Indian Diplomats Harassed at Gurdwara in Pakistan. Bollywood Actor Akshay Kumars Eligibility For National Award Questioned Over His Canadian Citizenship. I dont remember MJ Akbar says of meetings with Priya Ramani at defamation hearing. Factcheck Does Akshay Kumar hold honorary citizenship of Canada. Starvation deaths in Andhra Two children die after eating mud for food. Astrologer in Jalandhar. Ayega to modi hi. In Bengaluru daily wage labourers are struggling to get even 10 days of work in a month. A Funny Thing Happened On the Way To My Mumbai Polling Booth Yesterday. Indias First Natural Ice Cafe In Ladakh. The barking deer enigma. AuntyjiApologise Combating misogyny with misogyny is not feminism. [Serious] Why is India ranked so low on the World Press Freedom Index: Today is world press freedom day. Looking at the list of the worlds most free countries for journalists India is ranked at an abysmal 140 out of 180 countries on index. Countries such as Qatar Myanmar Afghanistan and Zimbabwe and a bunch of others which we associate with low press freedom are all ranked above us. Why is this the case Theres no statecontrolled media attitude adjustment camps or threat of being jailed or executed for speaking your mind in India. How is India ranked so low then What am I missing here. Everything You Need to Know About Ramadan A Fest of Purity and Compassion: [removed]. If I had a dollar for everytime a girl was raped in India...: Id become lakhpati in a month bhnch\d . But of course this post is useless since normie gutka khaau Jio users dont use Reddit \ . Just found out my new favourite song. Thanks to the one who suggested me to listen to Billie Eilish.. 4 Place You Really Want To Visit In Manali Wrytin. The Gurgaon Womans Misogyny is a ByProduct of SlutShaming in Schools. Traditional knowledge to the rescue in water scarcityhit Assam. SC panels handling of sexual harassment charges against CJI Ranjan Gogoi shows why women suffer in silence. Short Dresses Dont Invite Rape Locals on Gurugram Viral Video. Books required to ace physics in Jee Mains and Jee Advanced. Showerthoughts Scoring 499 out of 500 is just absurd: Here me out I know people work hard for this but when you have 2 or more subjective papers there must be some lapse or the thought process of examiner and examinee on a particular story must be aligned beyond prophecies. Or maybe there is written script which whole examination body follows which gives a idea that is dearth of creative and critical thinking.. Can anyone help me finding hostel: I just moved to Hyderabad today and I want to find a affordable hostel for students near ECIL. Your help will be appreciated.. Came across to this beautiful song again after a very very long time.. Last time I listened to was when I was in school and now I am working in my 4th company... Wow. Delhi Aunty tells young women that women with revealing clothes deserve to be raped. Freakout ensues .... 17yrold TN student accuses HoD of sexual harassment college in denial. The Resurrection of Irrfan Khan. Akshay Given Canadian Citizenship Says Vancouver Observer. Bengalurus AntiNatalists On Not Wanting Children amp The Meaning of Life The Quint. Handling of Harassment Complaint Against CJI Perpetuates Existing Power Imbalance. Living on the Edge Deglamourising Bollywood Trailer 2017. How the Meenakshi SeshadriStarrer Damini Taught Me My First Lesson in Feminism. Have some dumb questions regarding laws in India after watching the viral video.: Im referring to this incident https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/bjdqm6/womanshouteddownforallegedlytellinggirls/utmmediumandroidappamputmsourceshare So Ive got some stupid questions that doesnt really have anything to with the incident. Just general questions that sparked in my mind 1 Is it legal to record someone in public without their consent Under what circumstances would it be illegal to record them 2 Is it a crime to use profane language and insult someone in public If someone called me a motherfucker during an argument in public can I call the cops on him Not that I would Even if I could and the cops are prepared to do something about it what proof do I have. 3 Ive read that its legal and also a good thing to record cops in the US when youre interacting with them. Does the same apply in India I know I sound like a foolish kid but Im just trying to understand how things work here.. MeToo A chronology of the sexual harassment complaint filed by Sonam Mahajan. Why Mumbai Has Slums May 2018. VICE Votes Young Indian Voters Speak Up On General Elections 2019. Promoting RapeCulture is Not Okay The Six Girls Corroborate The Quint. Naxals blow up police vehicle in Maharashtra Gadchiroli 10 injured. PSA A VPN does not protect your privacy. If the government really wanted to come after you they can always go the VPN provider and ask for logs. Its only useful if you want to access blocked content/sites.: [removed]. I wish there was more of this. Imagine art like this for every distinct culture in our country.. The Best Helmet Under 2000 in India. Suddenly you fall in Love.. it just happened with me for this Song.. The music and intensity is just awesome. What is this even supposed to mean. Nigerian mans Twitter complaint sparks discussion on lack of support for medical tourists in India. [Unpopular Opinion] What the aunty said was not acceptable but people shouldnt have doxxed her: [removed]. Full text Why woman who accused CJI Gogoi of sexual harassment is withdrawing from inquiry [r]. [NP] Asarams Son Narayan Sai Sentenced To Life In Rape Case Report NDTV. The Borderlands Travels through the NorthWestern frontier in search of human stories. The Ghazipur landfill A hill as high as Qutub Minar The Ghazipur landfill becomes a burning hell in summer as frequent fires lead to more harmful emissions. Kripya Line Pe Bane Rahein Why Indians Never Change Career Paths. Documentary The Secret Life of Frogs is about giving a voice to little creatures. Gurgaon Man Repeatedly Raped 8YearOld Daughter After Wife Died Police. Kanpur The Most Polluted City in the World. Stop Converting Forest Into Theme Park Say Dwarka Residents. In A Cup of Tea Mahindar Nath meditates on love before and after marriage. Telanganas well of horrors Another girls body recovered during probe into minors murder. Kerala wife swapping nightmare Woman repeatedly raped at husbands behest. Top 16 Vastu Tips For Mirror Vastu Shastra For Mirrors VASTU DEKHO. Alliance broadband Reddit ban update: So I contacted my isp just now. They changed my DNS from cloudflare to Google which they use I changed to cloudflare myself and Reddit opened like a charm. Still not working on Vodafone without DNS change though. If you woke up this morning to watch the Game of Thrones episode 3 then you can also make an effort to go out and cast your vote Make it count Thanks: [removed]. Sixyearold girl killed corpse raped by security guard in Uttarakhand. A Southern Konkani Vocabulary Collection : [removed]. Toda Stories A film on the Todas an indigenous pastoral community living in the Nilgiris and their encounters with modern society 2005. How British Sentimentality Shaped a Corner of the Nilgiris. India Untouched Stories of a People Apart Feature Documentary by Stalin K. Part 1 of 4 2007. Retired HC judge booked in Hyd for allegedly assaulting daughterinlaw over dowry. 14yearold girl murdered and dumped in a well in Telangana police suspect sexual assault. Eating rotten fruit and shivering in rage How a Kerala workshop taught me to accept life as it is. Does India Have A Wedding Problem. Is It Okay To Be Apolitical. Modis latest affidavit and interview reveal that he allotted himself government land as Gujarat CM. 20yearold TN nurse allegedly attacked by stalker in Kanchipuram clinic survives. Madras HC says teen sex must be excluded from POCSO Why experts are lauding move. Pollachi accused confessed to videographing over 10 women CBCID source tells TNM. How this woman is fighting to conserve her fathers 200yrold mini forest in Kerala. Such insightful reviews are so useful . My cousin and her child were found dead in their apartment in UK please help us gather more information: Yesterday my cousin and her young child Indian citizens were found dead in their residence. The [link]http//www.suffolk.police.uk/news/latestnews/26042019/policeincidentnewmarketaddress from the local police has some details. Unfortunately we do not have any relative/friend other than the husband of my cousin at Cambridge at the moment and we are unable to gather more information. He also happens to be the next of kin and privy to information. We are devastated and without access to any details. We tried tweeting this to Sushma Swarajs twitter to no avail. None of us have visa to visit UK. Is there some way someone from Cambridge area UK can get us more information about time and nature of death procedure to move her remains to India legal proceedings etc We would be grateful for any help we can get.. Boyfriends fury as Indian men who drugged raped and beheaded his girlfriend are freed on bail. SO AM I.. Not willing to talk to parents. Havent talked in 15 days. Am I the asshole: Hi redactors So Ive told my parents that I can only reply on WhatsApp. I can talk to my sister but not with them. The reason is that I am a 25 year old guy and living alone in a metro city and Ive been unlucky in getting a girlfriend and I requested them to marry me because it gets very boring and meaningless in my day job working here and living alone. Although I have friends but that doesnt sate my need for a deeper connection and a family. There arent many women who are sent out to work in our society anyway and this is why I went for arranged marriage. But my parents refused saying that 50000 is not enough of a salary and I should earn more at least a lakh in order to find the right girl for our status. After that because it was getting too lonely and boring and depressing I could see other people laughing and having fun whenever I went out but I felt I could never be that way I thought of quitting my job and traveling and make a career in another profession which I was finding more interesting. But my parents werent willing for me to quit my job and they asked me to come back home and do the family business. I am not interested in that. They also asked me to send back whatever I had saved from my job. They had invested a lot in my education and probably I owed it to them. Or they believed Ill spend it all so they asked me to send it home so that they could save it.. I did quit my job eventually and got another one as well which is more fulfilling. All this time they are calling me home for joining my fathers business that I dont wish to do. I am the only son. I am not talking to them so that they realise how it feels to be lonely as well. Im assuming they have forgotten how it feels like. Hopefully theyll remove the status and my salary constraint from searching a good girl for me. I know this subreddit has very bad opinions on arranged or in fact marriage in general. But given that there are very few girls out there for all the guys on this subreddit and because most of us are eventually going to go the arranged route I hope you dont criticise my willingness to marry. I believe it is a good solution to take up responsibilities as a solution to feeling lonely and depressed.. Thoughts on Avengers Endgame: Lets have a discussion on the movie. How did you find it Fitting finale okay in parts or just an overblown hype machine ampx200B I know it is not specific to India and it is possible that the mods will pull this post down. So please mods do not. It will be good to hear the take of Indian junta on what is surely one of the biggest cultural phenomena of our times.. Episode 1 Harmanpreet Kaur Breakfast with Champions Season 6. The rediscovery of wild food plants. Randia lets talk about porn addiction.. The Free India Legion Hitlers Indian Soldiers. Livestock Are the Overlooked Victims of Kashmirs Encounters. Three Bullets and Three Women A Fake Encounter in Bastar. Gujarat court convicts Asaram Bapus son Narayan Sai in rape case. Tackling air pollution has finally made it to party manifestos but their promises arent enough Air pollution does not appear to be a priority for voters in India and parties too are slow to act on it. How Many Blasts Before Liberals Finally Say Islamist Terror. Engineering Isnt That Hard: This is totally my opinion but Im mortified looking at posts on posts where the OP is cribbing about having n backlogs and failing the year and doesnt feel like theyre doing justice to the degree and feel slighted. That victim mentality is what really bothers me tbh. Its sort of pathetic in the sense that youre probably putting other people off engineering and there are engineers who have this delimiting reputation because other people cant do it. IMO anyone can do engineering its not that hard. People who are a lot less smarter than you can get it done. Its all smart/hard work and if youre willing to put that in a week before exams you can make it through. I have classmates who have failed their 1/2nd years and these are the unproductive guys with no talent to speak of sorry not sorry and in the same breath theres other hobbies you can pursue all while pursuing engineering like most engineers do.. Just because it isnt talked about doesnt mean it shouldnt be.. CJI sexual harassment case Coddling of Utsav Bains treatment of Ranjan Gogois accuser reveal structural sexism. I know where you stay Bengaluru woman recalls horrific cab ride Ola suspends driver police arrest him. 250000 for a High School Science Student really blown away by the 1st kid Ronak Roy. The Kolis one of the oldest fishing communities of Mumbai face an uncertain future. Girliyapas How I Raped Your Mother. Marathwada Diary How mass migration illiteracy and low farm yield feeds into rampant child marriage in rural Maharashtra [April 2018]. Abused for painting nudes Chennaibased artist firm on continuing her art. Porn OK Please A Single Womans Pursuit of Pleasure. When We Speak of HumanWildlife Conflicts Who Are the Humans.  . Two Wheeler driving schools in delhi: [removed]. What the fuck . [Serious] What do people eat for breakfast in Delhi: So Ive recently shifted to DelhiSaket and one thing I noticed is there are no good breakfast options. The number of shops open is way less than Bangalore or Hyderabad and most shops have only two dishes paratha and poha. South Indian restaurants that serve Idli and Dosa are costly af. So is this a normal thing or am I staying in a messed up area. Student suicides in Telangana Spurred by broken system sustained by govt apathy. Woman who accused CJI of sexual harassment fears she wont get objective and fair hearing. Forget Government Do we Even Value Constitutional Ideals in our Drawing Rooms and Classrooms. One Year On No Justice for Unnao Rape Victims Family. Aravalli Story of a dying mountain range. Two Wheeler driving schools in delhi: so im a 22 yr old guy. i wanted to learn how to drive a bike and get a licence. At present i dont have a bike. I was able to get 45 min60 min on a honda 125 cc bike. i got it going and went straight and came back in the 1st gear. I also was able to put it on the back stand. But i was not confident to get it to the second gear and break/shift/turn because i shuffled a lot for lack of height. The guy with that bike is not available any more. My other friends have heavy bikes REs I tried and it didnt work out. Im a short guy with a small built. So i was thinking of an instructors help. I was wondering if there were driving schools for two wheelers in DELHI which you would have experience of or heard of. Search Results Web results. Endgame is near Grab Avengers Endgame Tickets2: [removed]. People in this Mumbai slum barely make it to age 40. Need help with job situation: On throwaway. I M45 was working at a midlevel management position in one of the IT majors in Bangalore. My excompany started firing people left and right. To avoid the situation of being fired I accepted job offer from a smaller company albeit at a senior role with decent salary level. I have now been working in my current smaller company for an year however the problem is I hardly have any work to do. I go to work sit in a cabin and kill time till its time for me to go back home. While this may seem like fun but its highly boring and torturous to do on a daily basis. I fear that I may lose my cognitive skills in the long run. ampx200B There is no immediate threat to my jobthe position is critical in the organization but as i said it is highly boring and much much different that the busy life I was used to in my previous company. In the meanwhile for past year or soI kept applying to other companiesbig or small with no success. Not even a call for interview per se. Some more details about my profile trying to keep it at high level to protect my identity 1. 20 years of experiencemostly into management/delivery management across technologies 2. Good understanding of technologiesNot technical per se. 3. Good international experience 4. Managed teams across countries of 150 people 5. 50L salary bracket. ampx200B Can someone guide me in connecting with people who may need a profile like me. Best Settings amp Controls For Pubg Game. Emerald Gemstone Premium 10 6.15ct. Puri Where Generational Caste Bondage Refuses to Die. Identitty In Indu Harikumars illustrations women own their sexuality. Inside the Struggles of an AfricanOrigin Community Living in Indias Forests to Keep Its Homes. Ban Alcohol or We Wont Vote Rural Women in South India Warn Political Leaders. Woman brutally assaulted by husband in Andhra Pradesh allegedly for refusing sex. If SCs Integrity Is Threatened It Isnt From Allegations Against CJI Gogoi. Give Rs 50 lakh compensation to 2002 riots gangrape victim Bilkis Bano SC to Gujarat govt. Why are my posts removed: [removed]. My YouTube Channel YOC Music. Rajasthans nomadic tribes suffer neglect as lack of unity political apathy leave them on fringes of society. Half Girlfriend Complete Moron The Anatomy of a Chetan Bhagat Heroine. Full text Arundhati Roy Medha Patkar and others seek independent inquiry in CJI harassment case. [Video] How green are Indias elections. The family that built Delhis iconic Khan Chacha is looking to a future away from it. Bengaluru man critical after cops thrash him for using mobile while riding bike. [p] [r] Whats Your Election Manifesto: Seeing a lot of debates in terms of what which party has done etc. I want to know what you would do How will you achieve it Especially mention why Keep it clear with goals. It will help other understand. Need help regarding Internships jobs and life.: [removed]. Online Shopping Imported Gift Items Home Decors Accessories GoodEase: [removed]. Rohit Shekhars Mother Accuses His Wife Of Trying To Take Sons Property. Audio of the video secretly recorded by the complainant at Tilak Marg police station. Swachh Bharat Toilets in Bastar Are Used for Many Things Except Defecation. Narmada the forgotten river is not on anyones agenda. Avengers Endgame is here and Internet is full of Spoilers and It is going be tougher to avoid spoilers in coming days.Spoiler Protection 2.0 extension is something I would advice to all of you.: This extension will hide even the mere mention of avengers or anything related. Check it out. ampx200B Not sponsored.. [R] Vodafone has blocked imgur on their network: This shit is getting ridiculous. Migrate to open networks brothers and sisters.. Why This Mumbai Contract Worker Can Never Build A Nest Egg. Women Lawyers Question Chief Justice Gogois Handling of Sexual Harassment Charge. CJI Gogois Misuse of SC as a Platform Sets Back MeToo Movement. Just got into 3D printing. This is one of my first prints. Not really sure of how many in India are into it. Anyone here. Girl GangRaped By 5 Of Wedding Party In Jharkhand Dies Police. The sequence of events leading up to the SH complaint against the CJI. Whats the deal with all these posts on here with a link to some news article and nothing more: [removed]. Congress MLA rapes widow for 2 years in Alwar films act. Playback Error on HOOQ content on Hotstar.: As the title says I havent been able to access any HOOQ content on Hotstar since this morning. Can any premium subscribers confirm if this is an issue with Hotstar I have already sent an email to them and am yet to get a response. Thanks.. Food Delivery in Train at Ahmedabad Junction Magical delicacies delivered in Train: [removed]. Amazon india sure has some weird reviews . Marrying within same community could be increasing infertility in Indian men Study. ND Tiwaris son Rohit was smothered says Delhi Police files murder case. The Standup Comedy Scene In India. Subhash Chandra and the race to the bottom. Hacking Democracy How Stolen Aadhaar Data Of Nearly 10 Cr Voters Was Used To Delete People From Electoral Rolls. Madhu an engineering student brutally Raped Burnt Killed and Hanged. This incident happened in Raichur district of Karnataka on April 13th But still No media covered this issue. No candle light March at India gate no tweet by bollywood celibrities.: Allegedly Sudarshan Yadav the accused first proposed the girl but when she denied he did this to her. JusticeForMadhu. Here is a picture of her . But be warned . This maybe inappropriate for many . https//ibb.co/kDMPtWN.  . Why is r/indiaspeaks full of modi supporters unlike r/india Every single comment saying otherwise gets hundreds of downvotes there.: [removed]. Whos Afraid of TikTok. Bye bye birdie A bird sanctuary could disappear as Pune metro speeds ahead. 3yearold boy in coma in Kerala hospital mother arrested for assaulting him. 2 Punjabi Men Reportedly Beheaded In Saudi Arabia Amarinder Condemns Barbaric Act. After Being Harassed By Husband This Woman Needs Your Help To Start A New Life With Her Daughters. Bombay HC quashes Official Secrets Act case against journalist Poonam Agarwal and army officer Deepchand. Darwaza Band Kar Lo Why Are Indians So Coy About Closed Doors. Zoke time. With great power comes great responsibility.. Support voting For the future india.: [removed]. Bengaluru garment worker allegedly stalked sexually assaulted by neighbour. How sugarcane cutting has turned into a curse for people of Beed. Remove clothes or get out Hyd theatre personality tells students woman files complaint. Alleging Sexual Harassment at AIR Woman Begins Fast Unto Death. Telugu TV actresses Bhargavi and Anusha Reddy killed in road accident. Jamia VC Must Remember That Education is Not for Sale. Update on Ban from TikTok. Setting example for nonpolitical affluent public figures to adopt localities for development: Most affluent public figures have a contribution of public money in their wealth may be as from product endorsement TV shows public events etc. Many such people speak of being patriotic but they never seem to contribute to the development of the country. The actor Prakash Raj has adopted a village. Hope this inspires others to offer their contribution for national development. Ref [https//www.thehindu.com/entertainment/actorprakashrajadoptsvillageintelangana/article7629576.ece]https//www.thehindu.com/entertainment/actorprakashrajadoptsvillageintelangana/article7629576.ece. As lending libraries shut down across India a plucky chain from Kochi is holding its own. Kya Dosti Pyaar Hai Why I Love To Hate My Girlfriends Male BFF. Are Indians Embarrassed About The Bra. Child marriage rampant in West Bengals Malda but parties believe addressing social evil would be political suicide. 50 Lakh Men Lost Their Jobs After Demonetisation Report. Shashi Tharoor demands probe into how temple scale he was sitting on broke. Rohit Shekhar Tiwari Who Fought To Prove He Is ND Tiwaris Son Dies. [Commentary] Looking beyond the Chennai city at the Chennai watershed. Game of Thrones season 8 episode 1 Podcast Discussing six reunions one dragon ride and an intriguing cliffhanger. With saree stuck in Delhi metro train door woman gets dragged on platform. Govt Money Meant for Adivasi Development Is Being Used to Support Mining. Kangana Ranauts sister Rangoli attacks Alia Bhatt and Soni Razdan calls them nonIndians living off this land. when you try to dm more 3 people at once. Pyramid for Vastu VASTUDEKHO. From TikTok And PUBG To Github And Reddit Behind Indias Internet Bans. SnG Game Of Thrones Podcast S08E01 Recap. Tinder in Kanpur be like. The caste system is alive and kicking in corporate India. Azam Khan booked for khaki underpant comment against Jaya Prada says I didnt do it. Error in NEET entrance test date: My brother is due to give his NEET medical entrance this year but according to the admit card we just downloaded his exam date was today 14th April 2019. Could you tell me if you or anyone you know are facing the same problem we are really scared the NTA had one job.. Fashioning the dancing body Tracing the evolution of the Bharatanatyam costume from Devadasis to modern times. Name not added in voters list. Form submitted in Feb. Should I be freaking out yet: I submitted the Form 6 with all the documents to the BLO in the first week of February. The polling date of my constituency is on 23rd April. Ive made several calls and visits to the BLOs office but she doesnt seem to give a fuck. What are my options now Whom should I be calling. Saying college was so much fun is a privilege A halfDalit halftribal woman writes. [Serious] How to con money from Indian Parents.: I am 29 My parents are kind of rich but like anyone else in the world they will not be giving me money unless they are manipulated into. So how to con money from them I dont think it is wrong because if I will not do it someone else will do it. My parents are associated with religious organisation of some sadhu . They might give it the money if I will not con from them. Till now I have conned about 67 lakh from them using multiple excuses. Lke coachings or other things. I am lying to them that I am preparing for some government exam which in reality I am not . As I have no interest in doing any job. I have no plans for marriage either . So I think my parents money and property will be enough for me. They also have a flat and will probably buy one more which I will inherit. My father also has an ancestral land in urban area on his name whose cost is about 1 crore and he just grows vegetables on that land. He has told me that he will give me this land only after his death as he is emotionally attached to the land . But I want him to give it to me now so that I can sell it and put the money in bank account and invest in multiple things. Despite me telling him multiple times he is not doing it. Even here I am not being unethical as this land will be mine anyway after 20 years. So why not now My parents has a flat to live I am planning to tell that I am joing some coaching which costs about 3 lakh but they have gotten suspicious so they will ask me some receipt of the fees paid. How to make fake receipt Serious answers about tricks on how to con money from parents. Hotstar is being greedy Arse.. [Serious] Which job in India is best for having consensual sex with multiple middle class girls.: I dont care if salary is low. Which job in India will give you access to lots of girls at the workplace or otherwise I am kind of handsome so I want to cash in my looks. Serious answers only Avoid snide and demeaning comments. I am not here for trolling or seeking attention seeking .Please stay away from this thread if you dont like the question. [Serious] Which job in India is best for having sex with lots of girls.: I dont care if salary is low as my mom is kind of rich so she will be giving me money and I am goign to inherit lots of money from her. Which job in India will give you access to lots of girls in the workplace or otherwise. I hope they implement 50 percent reservation for women in govt and private jobs. .  Hindi Motivational Quotes Inspirational Quotes.... Hyderabad woman techie killed and stuffed in a suitcase allegedly by boyfriend. Hyd man attempts to set 19yearold on fire for rejecting marriage proposal. Is it good for Indian democracy when artistes celebs and economists endorse parties as groups. My Parents Dont Like That I Have Political Opinions And Thats Not Okay. Hyd woman who drowned her toddler niece sentenced to life imprisonment. Regarding Importing things to India from Japan.: Hey I am interested in importing snack food and chocolates and such from Japan. Im primarily interested in buying it for myself but would also be willing to look for business opportunities by reselling them in India. How much would such an exercise cost what is the procedure involved and are there any reliable websites or guides which I can refer to for this. Swiggys delivery guys calls me to ask where the restaurant is. Happy Tamil New Year:  Happy New Year to all . HAPPY TAMIL NEW YEAR :  Happy New year to all . How to change part number in my voter id card: I had applied for a change in address through this [nsvp link]https//www.nvsp.in/Forms/Forms/form8alangenGB within the same assembly constituency in December 2018 since the part number/polling booth generated earlier was wrong 12 Km far off from my home. While my application was approved in February 2019 the part number/polling booth wasnt changed. Also this link only asks for Change From only not Change To . How do I get this changed to part number/polling booth near my home 300m before the election in 2nd week of May Can this be done online itself. Game of Thrones is ending but lets not give it more credit than it deserves. Amid Sealing Drive Violence Erupts in West Delhis Mayapuri The Quint. Inside Coke Studio Pakistans Enduring Appeal and Its Shortcomings. Where Black is Never Beautiful. Raped by own father for several years girl commits suicide in north Kashmir. Ask the PM a question and TOI will take it to him Times of India. Cooped up for life how commercial gain trumps basic humanity. 18yrold alleges sexual harassment on Indigo flight airline insists on police complaint. My NotSoWicked Stepmother. Pet dog in Uttar Pradesh saves lives of over 30 people dies in cylinder blast. Do not buy from ltstoreonline.com: I had purchased a 100mtr dlink cable from them on a sunday its a very common product I thought they will ship the next day. But they didnt. I emailed them that I need it at the earliest and the customer support confirmed that he will ship the product surely by the end of Tuesday and they didnt. Wednesday passed too with false assurances. I finally cancelled the order on Thursday. The catch is their terms and conditions https//www.ltonlinestore.com/pages/returns They charge 5 from the total order amount if the order is cancelled before 10 days of the order. Im okay with cancellation charges but why is that 5 from total amount. And the lax shipping mark of 10 days. I cancelled the order because of the false assurances which I hate to the core. I would lose a hundred bucks to them than put up with a bullshit purchase and give them business. There was a similar story on quora too. Just Google it. I ended up buying the same product from a dealer in bangalore and I got the shipment next day. The price was lower than amazon.. Do not buy from ltonlinestore.com: I had purchased a 100mtr dlink cable from them on a sunday its a very common product I thought they will ship the next day. But they didnt. I emailed them that I need it at the earliest and the customer support confirmed that he will ship the product surely by the end of Tuesday and they didnt. Wednesday passed too with false assurances. I finally cancelled the order on Thursday. The catch is their terms and conditions https//www.ltonlinestore.com/pages/returns They charge 5 from the total order amount if the order is cancelled before 10 days of the order. Im okay with cancellation charges but why is that 5 from total amount. And the lax shipping mark of 10 days. I cancelled the order because of the false assurances which I hate to the core. I would lose a hundred bucks to them than put up with a bullshit purchase and give them business.. 14yearold gangraped in Dehradun school was forcefed chillies amp papaya for 6 days. School authorities having learnt that she was pregnant tried to induce miscarriage to ensure that school didnt get a bad name.. My girlfriend raped me: My girlfriend and I had been in relationship for 3 years. She promised to marry me got me to have sex with her and now broke up with me saying she doesnt love me anymore and cant marry me. I offered myself to her physically because of the promise she made that shed marry me. It hurts my feelings to know that I was just a piece of meat to her and she violated my honor by making false promises only to leave my high and dry. Who will marry me now I feel deceived and am full of shame and despair. I just got to know that Supreme Court of India has reiterated that Sex after obtaining consent by false promise to marry is rape. I want justice and want to file a case against my girlfriend ex now because she RAPED me. Celebrity Experience by IRCTC Book your tickets for Madame Tussauds: IRCTC and its tourism wing have always made vacation trips merrier. Book the next train ticket for Delhi to view the Delhi branch of the renowned Madame Tussauds. [https//railmitraa.wixsite.com/travelnfood/blog/celebrityexperiencebyirctcbookyourticketsformadametussauds]https//railmitraa.wixsite.com/travelnfood/blog/celebrityexperiencebyirctcbookyourticketsformadametussauds. BMC makes bizarre offer to Mahuls residents. Should they live in hell but with luxuries. Thought to DTH for Online Streaming But Now Parents Have Problems Read on for more details: [removed]. CMV The citizenship amendment bill along with preferential deportation of illegal immigrants is justified.: [removed]. Kathua rape victims father duped of donation money. [Career Advice] Dont know if I am unskilled or I have a huge impostor syndrome.: [removed]. Direct benefit transfer indirect torture. Rabri Devi Plays Caste Card Roots For Rape Convicts Wife In Bihar. Rabri Devi accused the Nitish Kumarled Bihar government of maligning the image of Yadavs by sending Rajballabh to jail.. [R]What the fuck is wrong with these people. what should i take commerce math or commerce IP: Im waiting for my 10th grade results now and Im really confused of taking which commerce stream NB im very weak at maths. 50 Surprising Things About Season 1 Part 1. [R] ELI5 what is NRC: [1] what is NRC [2] what are the implications of nationwide NRC is it sort of similar to Trumps efforts against illegal immigrants. Three months of idle time b4 BSchool be an issue while placements post an MBA from top 4 BSchool: [removed]. Sex After Obtaining Consent By False Promise To Marry Is Rape Reiterates SC [Read Judgment]. [Video] From UP to Delhi polluted Hindon river is affecting the health of many. [Commentary] Hope and despair in the remnants of Dandakaranaya. PewDiePie vs TSeries YouTuber pulls diss videos after Delhi HC order. In 5 Years Smriti Irani Earned More Than Sonia Gandhi Whose Income Fell by 45 But Assets Surged. TDP worker hacked to death outside polling booth in Andhra Pradeshs Tadipatri constituency. [Serious] Need guidance before voting.: Hello guys I have just turned 18 and have my voter card made. I dont know much about politics but dont want to waste my vote. Who should I vote My parents will be voting for Modi and they say that he is the least bad candidate out there and they cant imagine India being governed by an immature boy like Rahul. They say that they would have considered Congress if someone else was their PM candidate. Can you guys help me. Hate Speech in India a conversation Siddharth Narrain. Communicating Caste Invisibilising Violence An Assessment of how NCERT Textbooks Teach Caste. Look Whos Not Cooking Why My Children Will Never Eat Maa Ke Haath Ka Khana. Aaj mai karke aaya. Really anxious about going to business school Dont think Im skilled or ready for this... but school starts next week Help: [removed]. Why is Makemytrip charging the whole amount on ticket cancellation: It was only after ticket booking that I found out there was a zero cancellation option that I was not aware of. In my attempt to cancel this booking since it was done in January and the journey has been cancelled makemytrip is charging everything except Rs 182. I had chosen the insurance option but it seems Im running out of options. What did I miss How do I stop them from debiting all that money This booking was done for he month of May. [img]i3eeqj1l2lr21 pic. Question regarding punishment in rape case .: In case I am falsely accused of rape 1. Approximate how much time do I have to spend in police and judicial custody if I have no criminal record before being convicted. 2. Do they seal my bank account 3. Is homosexual rape common in Indian prisons This question is related to rape cases it is just in general question .. Indian gangs scamming elderly Americans says US attorney general William Barr. Naxals Opinions: [removed]. First Salman Now Modi Vivek Oberoi Is Staring Into The Abyss Again. In Kolkata riceobsessed Bengalis are being pushed to think out of the basmati box. Kabhi Elder Sister Kabhie Reluctant Parent. Ram Navami Festival An Occasion to Eulogize the Birth of Lord Rama: [removed]. Online Furniture Blogs Home Interior Ideas Discern Living. Discern Living. Fagun Asche Sabbir Nasir Nasha Nadia Ashfaq Rana Bangla New Song 2019. A well educated mind vs a well formed mind Dr. Shashi Tharoor at TEDxGateway 2013. I found a good audio course for Social Anxiety.: So I just randomly started to search for courses and programs for Social Anxiety which uses CBT approach. I did found some but unfortunately they either too expensive so I went to torrent and found one. I just completed first session and it seems to be very good. There are over 20 sessions and each session is to be applied for a week so over the course of 19 weeks you will work on your anxiety since 1st session is basically talking about Social Anxiety. ampx200B I am not promoting anything or selling anything just trying to put info out there.. Sabarmati the river that Gandhi once chose to live by is now dry and polluted. Author S. Hussain Zaidi talks about Dawood Ibrahim being kidnapped and his new book. Latest Christian Telugu Gospel Song 2019. Latest Christian Telugu Song by Female Singer. I have depressive episodes when someone mentions about Kota. Heres my experience.: [removed]. In A First Kerala Bishop Franco Mulakkal To Go On Trial In Nun Rape Case. This is the first time in the history of the Catholic Church in India that a top clergyman is being tried in court over allegations of sexual assault.. Charge Sheet Filed Against Rape Accused Bishop Franco Mulakkal. Interior Decor Solutions For Your New Home Discern Living. Discern Living Online Home Boutique for Furniture Home Interior Design. I may have been a bigot for most of my life: Not meant to be a click bait title but actually is rather self introspection. I grew up in a typical north Indian town with lot of Islamophobia male superiority and entitlement and a certain regressive point of view. Fortunately the exposure in later life has helped in correcting many of my not so proud of perspective. While I have not become a feminist or an activist or a big time lecturer on secularism i think i have become more moderate and liberal in my thinking. On a scale of 10 on bigotry I may have been a 6 or 6.5. I may be a 4 or 3.5 now I prefer the new me. Now when I talk to people back homei get amazed on how regressive their though process is. And this is not limited to menbut includes women as well. Would like to know your thoughts on the topic Do you consider you or people surrounding you as bigot. Survival Tips to accommodate in Journey via sleeper class: [removed]. I commented on this dudes post ONCE and he wont leave me alone.. How to Pullout Yourself from Work Stress Before Going Home.. Whats It Like Being A Political Satirist In Election Season Anupama Chopra Film Companion. DelhiCrime Defamation misrepresentation whitewash. Secret of Smooth amp Spotless Glowing Skin. [R] Lets discuss the BJP and Congress Manifestos:  Comparing the BJP and Congress Manifesto Resources [BJP Manifesto]https//www.bjp.org/en/manifesto2019 [Congress Manifesto]https//manifesto.inc.in/en/ The BJP Manifesto is available in Hindi and English while the Congress Manifesto is available in Hindi English Odia Telugu Kannada Marathi Punjabi Assamese. Ive provided a few highlights from both the manifestos. The manifestos are large and it is not possible to cover all the points. I have covered the points which I believe are easier to judge on implementability. Observations Congress manifesto is longer. BJP Manifesto doesnt allow to copy text even though it is a PDF document. Highlights of BJP Manifesto Welfare of Soldiers Armed forces will start planning for the resettlement of solders three years before their retirement and in accordance with their preferences. This will include provision for skills training soft skills training financial support for higher education for housing and for starting an enterprise. Citizenship Amendment Bill Hindus Jains Buddhist and Sikhs escaping persecution from Indias neighbouring countries will be given citizenship in India. Combating Left Wing Extremism We are committed to taking necessary and effective steps against left wing extremism to eliminate this menance in the next five years. Jammu amp Kashmir Article 370 We reiterate our position since the time of the Jan Sanhg to the abrogation of Article 370. We are committed to annulling Article 35A of the Constiution of India as the provision is discriminatory against nonpermanent residents and women of Jammu and Kashmir. Pension for small and marginal farmers We will launch a pension scheme for all small and marginal farmers in the country so as to ensure socoail security to them on reaching 60 years of age. Interestfree Kisan Credit Card loans We will provide shortterm new agriculture loans up to Rs. 1 lakh at 0 interest rate for 15 years on the condition of prompt repayment of the principal amount. Digitization of Land Record On the lines of Aadhar project we will complete digitization of land records on a mission mode. Fisheries Blue Revolution We will bring all fishermen under the ambit of all welfare programmes and social security schemes with expanded coverage of accident insurance. Top 50 Ranking in Ease of Doing Business Index. To protect the interests of small traders we will provide an accident insurance of 10 lakh rupees to all the tranders registered under GST. To encourage the spirit of entrepreneurship amongst the youth we will launch a new scheme to provide collateralfree credit up to 50 lakh for entrepreneurs. We will guarantee 50 of the loan amount for female entrepreneurs and 25 of the loan amount for male entrepreneurs. Urban Mobility We will launch a national urban mobility mission to provide technology based urban mobility solutions to all urban local bodies and increase the use of public transport enhance walkability and cycle use. Swachh Bharat Mission We will ensure that all habitations attain open defecation free status and those that have attained the status sustain the behavioural change. Road Connectivity We will double the length of National Highways by 2022. Railways We will ensure conversion of all viable rail traicks to broad gauge by 2022. Railways We will make all efforts to ensure electrification of all railway tracks by 2022. Establishment of New Airports In the next five years we will double the number of functional airports. Coastal Development We will double our port capacity in the next five years. Eliminating Tuberculosis We have rolled out a special mission to eliminate TB from India by 2025. Simulatenous elections Wea re committed to the idea of simulatenous elections for Parliament State assemblies and local bodies to reduce expenditure ensure efficient utilisation of government resources and security forces and for effective policy planning. Protecting the Himalayas We will ensure the Himalayan States are provided special financial assistance in the form of a Green Bonus to facilitate the protection and promotion of forests in those states. Higher Education We will take all necessary steps to increase the number of seats in Central LAw Engineering Science and Management institutions by at least 50 in the next five years. Womenled Development To generate better work opportunities for women 10 material to be sourced for government producrement will be done from MSMEs having at least 50 women employees in their workforce. Ensuring equal rights We will legislate a bill to prohibit and eliminate practices such as Triple Talaq and Nikah Halala. Reservation for Women BJP is committed to 33 reservation in parliament and state assemblies through a constitutional amendment. Ensuring welfare of Poor We will ensure pucca houses for families either living in kuchha houses or without access to housing by 2022. Political resolution of the matter of Gorkha We are also committed to implement the reservation in the legislative asssembly of Sikkin for Limboo and Tamang tribes. Pension scheme for all small shopkeepers We will expand the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maandhan scheme to cover all small shopkeepers. Ram Mandir We reiterate our stand on Ram Mandir. We will explore all possibilities within the framework of the Constitution and all necessary efforts to facilitiate the expeditious construction of the Ram Temple in Ayodhya. Sabarimala We will undertake every effort to ensure that the subject of faith tradition and worship rituals related to Sabarimala are presented in a comprehensive manner before the Honble Supreme Court. We will endeavour to secure constitutional protection on issues related to faith and belief. Unifirm Civil Code BJP reitrates its stand to draft a Uniform Civil Code. Highlights of Congress Manifesto Jobs All of the 4 lakh vacancies as on 1 April 2019 in the Central Government Central Public Sector Enterprises Judiciary and Parliament will be filled before the end of March 2020. Jobs Application fees for government examinations and government posts will be abolished. Jobs Congress will require businesses employing 100 persons or more to start an apprenticeship programme impart skills pay a stipend and employ from among the trained apprentices whenever a job is created or becomes vacant in that business. We will amend The Companies Corporate Social Responsibility Policy Rules 2014 to include Apprenticeship as an additional activity. Industry Congress promises to increase the share of Indias manufacturing sector from the current level of 16 per cent of GDP to 25 per cent within a period of 5 years and to make India a manufacturing hub for the world. Industry Congress will announce a Make for the World policy under which foreign and Indian companies will be invited to invest in Exclusive Exportonly Zones manufacture and export their entire production pay no indirect taxes and pay a low rate of corporate tax. Industry Congress will acquire patents create a patent pool and make advanced technologies available to small and medium businesses. Urban Policy Congress will introduce a new model of governance for towns and cities through a directly elected mayor with a fixed term of 5 years an elected Council and a separate administrative structurefor each urban body. Urban Policy Congress promises the Right to Housing for the urban poor and protection from arbitrary eviction. We will build night shelters for the homeless so that no one will sleep in the open. Rural Development We will pass the Right to Homestead Act to provide a homestead for every household that does not own a home or own land on which a house may be built. Information and Unorganised Sector Congress will ratify ILO Convention 87 Freedom of Association and ILO Convention 98 Right to Organise and Collective Bargaining. Agriculture Congress will repeal the Agricultural Produce Market Committees Act and make trade in agricultural produceincluding exports and interstate tradefree from all restrictions. Agriculture Debt is a civil liability and we will not allow criminal proceedings to be instituted against a farmer who is unable to pay his/her debt. Agriculture The Essential Commodities Act 1955 belongs to the age of controls. Congress promises to replace the Act by an enabling law that can be invoked only in the case of emergencies. Economics The Angel Taximposed on StartUps will be withdrawn completely. Economics NYAY The target population will be 5 crore familieswho constitute the poorest 20 per cent of all families. They will be the beneficiaries of MISP or NYAY Each family will be guaranteed a cash transfer of Rs. 72000 a year As far as possible the money will be transferred to the account of a woman of the family who has a bank account or who will be urged to open a bank account There will a Design phase 3 months followed by a Pilot and Testing phase 69 months before rollout The rollout will be implemented in phases The estimated cost will be lt1 per cent of GDP in Year 1 and lt2 per cent of GDP in Year 2 and thereafter. As the nominal GDP grows and families move out of poverty the cost will decline as a proportion of GDP. Economics GST 2.0 The GST 2.0 regime will be based on a single moderate standard rate of tax on all goods and services. Banking Congress will amalgamate 2 or more PSBs so that there will be only 68 PSBs with a national presence and reach. Science Congress promises to work with industry to increase the expenditure on science and technology to 2 per cent of GDP. Fisheries Congress will establish a separate Ministry of Fisheries and Welfare of Fisherfolk. National Security Congress will provide a statutory basis to the National Security Council NSC and the office of National Security Adviser NSA. Their powers and functions will be defined under the law and both authorities and the agencies under them will be accountable to Parliament. Internal Security The most serious threats to internal security emanate from 1 terrorism 2 infiltration of militants 3 Maoism or Naxalism and 4 caste or communal violence. Congress believes that each of these threats deserves a separate and distinct response. CAPF Congress promises to ensure increased representation of women to achieve a minimum of 33 per cent in the force strength of CISF CRPF and BSF. Arts Congress will guarantee artistic freedom. Artists and craftsmen will enjoy the freedom to express their views in any form without fear of censorship or retribution. Attempts by vigilante groups to censor or intimidate artists will be viewed seriously and action against them will be taken according to the law Instututions Congress promises to amend the AntiDefection Law to provide for instant disqualification of a Member of Parliament or a Member of the State Legislature for proven disobedience to the partys whip or for withdrawing allegiance to the party or for supporting another party. A disqualified member shall not be eligible to hold any public office including that of minister or be a candidate in an election to Parliament or the State Legislature for a period of 2 years from the date of disqualification. Instutions Congress promises to amend the Aadhaar Act 2016 in order to restrict the use of Aadhaar to subsidies benefits and services provided by the government as was originally intended under the law. Governance We will introduce a Diversity Index as a metric to assess and ensure diversity in all government bodies semigovernment agencies public sector enterprises and other public bodies. Governance Congress promises to pass an AntiDiscrimination Law to prohibit discrimination on the basis of religion caste gender or language in the supply of goods and services that are made available to the public in general such as housing hostels hotels clubs etc. StateCentre relations We will review the distribution of legislative fields in the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution and build a consensus on transferring some legislative fields from List III Concurrent List to List II State List. StateCentre relations Congress will give Special Category status to Andhra Pradesh as promised by Dr. Manmohan Singh on 20 February 2014 in the Rajya Sabha. StateCentre relations Congress promises full statehood to Puducherry. Local SelfGovernments We will remove all provisions stipulating pre qualifications such as minimum education for candidates at elections to local bodies. Judiciary Congress will introduce a Bill to amend the Constitution to make the Supreme Court a Constitutional Court that will hear and decide cases involving the interpretation of the Constitution and other cases of legal significance or national importance. Laws Omit Section 499 of the Indian Penal Code and make defamation a civil offence Laws Omit Section 124A of the Indian Penal Code that defines the offence of sedition that has been misused and in any event has become redundant because of subsequent laws. Laws Amend the Armed Forces Special Powers Act 1958 in order to strike a balance between the powers of security forces and the human rights of citizens and to remove immunity for enforced disappearance sexual violence and torture. Police reforms Cause investigations into cases of communal riots lynchings and gang rapes by a special wing of the State police under the direct command of the State Headquarters of the police. Media Congress will pass a law to curb monopolies in the media crossownership of different segments of the media and control of the media by other business organisations. Congress will refer cases of suspected monopolies to the Competition Commission of India. New Planning Commission Congress will scrap the Niti Aayog. Gender Justice Congress promises to pass the Constitution Amendment Bill to provide for reservation of 33 per cent of seats in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies in the first session of the 17th Lok Sabha and in the Rajya Sabha. Gender Justice We will amend the Service Rules to reserve for women 33 per cent of appointments to posts in the Central Government. Reservation Congress promises to amend the Constitution to provide for reservation in promotion posts for SCs STs and OBCs. NE States We will withdraw immediately the widely resented Citizenship Amendment Bill introduced by the BJP Government against the wishes of the people of the NES. Minorities We will pass a new law in the first session of the 17th Lok Sabha and in the Rajya Sabha to prevent and punish hate crimes such as mobengineered stripping burning and lynching. Healthcare Congress promises that the total government expenditure on healthcare will be doubled to 3 per cent of GDP by the year 202324. Education Congress promises to double the allocation for Education to 6 per cent of GDP in the 5 years ending 202324. Education We will take measures to dispense with the NEET examination. Environment Congress recognises that air pollution is a national public health emergency. Environment We will work with State Governments to increase the forest cover from the current level of 21 per cent to 25 per cent by the year 2025. Digital Rights Provide access to all persons to high quality internet at affordable rates Digital Rights Uphold the principle of net neutrality. Digital Rights Pass a law to protect the personal data of all persons and uphold the right to privacy Lets discuss these manifestos . Bengaluru Needs To Look To Its Past To Solve Its Severe Water Crisis. Mangaluru horror 17yearold allegedly raped by father and uncle. 102 Good Books For next r/India Giveaway. I feel like JEE coachings ruined ruined me.: I was never a bright student 9 cgpa in 10th but i still decided to go for science my parents were somewhat opposed to the idea of commerce but it was totally upto me what i wanted to do. I was a happy kid back then and didnt want to upset my parents in any way so i went for science without giving it much thought and joined an integrated course in a reputed JEE coaching in Delhi. Everything went smoothly for the first 3 months until the phase test came and i was placed in the 3rd batch last of them all. My close friend who scored 10 in 10th also lived in the same pg as me and was in the same batch as me. It was all downhill from there. The pressure was too much and I wasnt able to keep up with the syllabus but my parents always said itll be alright dont lose hope and keep trying . I decided if i didnt do good enough in class 11 Ill only prepare for boards from class 12ths beginning. But my stubborn self didnt let me do it and i still prepped for jee and as a result i ruined my class 12th preparation too . I have already ruined my January mains 74 percentile and i know the mains i have 2 days later wont be any good either. I want to give all i have to prepare for BITSAT but i dont think Im gonna cross 75 in boards either so its pointless. Improvement exams take 1 year and my parents are not in favour of dropping. Whats even shittier is that my cousin who is the same age as me has already bagged CS in a reputed college afaik. Idk if I didnt work hard enough or I shouldnt have joined the coaching in the first place . Was my decision to go for science was wrong from the start I dont have any passions either i had to give up all my friends for the preparation and the friends i made in coaching havent talked to me in the last 2 months. Im in a incredibly bad place right now and Im sitting here writing this cause i dont know what else to do. I feel like total shit rn whenever i try to talk about this with my parents they straight up say to me that stop being lazy. I dont feel bad because I probably ruined my future but because I didnt do right by my parents and i wont be able to forgive myself for that. Honestly nothing would be sweeter than a quick death right now. I turn 18 in 2 hours 18 minutes Throwaway cause i dont want this rant on my happy account. Thanks if you read this far. Kozhikodes palm civets give Priyanka Gandhi a scare but it points to an ecological crisis. Tired of election rhetoric Residents of Vizags old town choked by air pollution. I feel like JEE coachings ruined me.: [removed]. Mumbai Child rapist let out of jail six months ago rapes kills nine year old Times of India. Sunday Thoughts. Reddit blocked connection reset if used from Mobile Hotspot Jio on my laptop works on mobile browser/App: As the title says website and app both work fine on mobile but I get connection reset error on my laptop if I use my mobile hotspot. Using Jio 4G.. Khaana Registaan Ka Celebrating Food from the desert with Pushpesh Pant [February 2019]. I get the fact that clearing UPSC is tough and topping the exam is no small feat for anyone. But why the 1st and 2nd All India topper are giving statements like I was watching CL final on May 26 7 days before premlims. Also I wasnt expecting my name in the final merit list let alone 2nd rank.: AIR 1 I was watching CL finals on May 26th and the paper was on June 3. AIR 2 I wasnt expecting my name in the final merit list let alone getting a 2nd rank because my interview didnt went according to my expectations. Should I believe that Luck will play the most important role in these exams Or as Indians this is our way of showing off that this feat means nothing to me and I would have easily got it I believe giving these type of stmt hinders the motivation of other who are preparing and gives them a view that if I am lucky I will get it rather than giving them a boost and engaging their self confidence it passively in a slow and steady manner makes them dependent on the Luck factor. . Eco India Episode 22 How do you ensure the food on your plate is grown using sustainable methods. Waterless in first free wifi village in Delhi. Separated from kid due to visarelated discrepancies Polish woman seeks Sushma Swarajs help. The UP Constable Acid Attack Proves That Even Empowered Women Cant Escape Misogyny. Wildfire engulfs Neelakurinji sanctuary officials suspect land mafias hand behind it. Celebrating Worlds Health Day Ensure a Healthy Mind and Body: [removed]. Lost your Train Journey Ticket Heres what you should do: [removed]. Sneak 100. Kerala Couple Create SelfSustaining Green Paradise Out of Degraded Land. Books amp Authors In Conversation with Yashica Dutt author of Coming Out As Dalit A Memoir [February 2019]. Kon banega omegalul. Asian Media Has Mislead the Public on Air Pollution. Elephant shot dead in Kodagu village shooter absconding. [PSA] Moodsplanet.com is running a fucking scam: I bought lubes from them on 24th and they havent shipped it yet. I have no idea how this site hasnt been reported yet. On twitter they their last tweet in 2016. They arent replying to my emails. 300/ down the fucking drain just like that. . humor it really do be like that.. Glimpse of eco park kolkata by memorydiary. This Actress Had A Stinging Response When Producer Asked Her To Compromise. Indian Billionaires Consider Competing for Stake in TV Network. Congress president Rahul Gandhi owns assets worth Rs 14.85 crore. Fitch Affirms Indias Rating At BBB With Stable Outlook For 13th Year In A Row. Blackmail and extortion have become synonymous with Karnataka media. Kerala man barges into 21yrold engineering students house burns her to death. India has managed to block the reddit website. The app is still runnig but dont know for how long. Presenting Knowing Platform.: A telegram group focused on sharing knowledge regarding topics such as STEM History Arts Culture Philosophy Sports Movies Music etc. sans political discussions and profanity of any sort. Group link https//t.me/knowingplatform Group rules The rules of the group No discussion on political matters at all since most of them digress to ad hominems. No profanity that includes swearing abusing trolling/bakchodi/shitposting sharing NSFW/L stuff. Disagree without being disagreeable. Please be respectful to each other. Share anything and everything related to STEM Philosophy Psychology History Photography Fitness Mental health Arts Culture Music Movies Literature etc. Or start a discussion if you want to. The franca lingua of the group is English so if someone asks for a translation you should please abide by it.. Name Place Animal amp Other Things Stand Up Comedy By Srijan Kaushik. How Dawood Ibrahims mentor Khalid Khan saved his life on a cool afternoon in 1980. Air Pollution Caused Over 1.2 Million Deaths in India in 2017 Report. Hyd single mothers toddler sold by caregivers Her fight to get her kid back. An excon turned butcher and a tourist guide Two faces from quaint Pondicherry. Maternity Deaths Continue Unabated in Ukhand as State Looks Away. [Request] Can we have a support post group for all Mechanical Engineers of Randia: I see only IT folks here crying about the 56 Lpa jobs. Bohooo Our sorrows are on a whole new level. Ek tho salary kam upar se kaam pe chutiyapa hardam. . Alok Nath in De De Pyaar De Despite MeToo Bollywood continues to prioritise commerce over decency. Smriti Iranis bindi gets bigger as she changes husbands Congress ally Jaydeep Kawades sexist jibe. De De Pyaar De Twitterati enraged with Ajay Devgn and makers for casting rape accused Alok Nath. BSNL reportedly okays proposal that will lay off over 54000 employees but will wait till elections are over. Classy Living Room Accessories Best in Quality Living Room Products Discern Living. Art lovers of India check r/ArtEvent for some awesome events happening this month in your city: Theres lot happening this month in Art and culture. Check r/ArtEvent for some cool stuff to attend in this hot month of April. Do drop by and have a look. Already there Recruit your friends as well . [Serious]Life during and after MBA: Hi r/india i have to decide what to do with my future MS abroad or MBA in India and I was wondering if MBA graduates could share their experiences of what life was during and after MBA.. CMV We need a strong anti conversion law.: let me start with the obvious forceful conversions happen and they happen across the spectrum. from Ghar Wapsi to ricebag to instilling fear all sorts of methods are employed by religious folks. id like to single out abrahamics for a moment now. both the prominent two yet to meet random jews telling me to convert have an active call of conversion and an end goal of one world one religion. this call just like slavery in bible should be made redundant because its one major hindrance. it prevents a plurlastic society because it superimooses the idea of assumed superiority. this can spin off in rather venomous forms and can and eventually will lead to persecution of minorities. i wont use the example of Pakistan or Bangladesh because thats well known. id rather draw attention towards Malaysia where Hindu temples some even on private land were brought down systematically by the government since it declared itself an Islamic republic. .  how to be creepy 101. Elephant habitat in the Indian subcontinent to shift towards the Himalayas says study. Political tourist Raghuram Rajan could do a lot more for India. How scientific research invalidates the PUBG ban. Woman abused by Swiggy boy gets a sorry Rs 200 coupon. Bitter irony Bhils whose ancestors invented sev are displaced by Ratlam namkeen industrial park. Indian Woman Would Rather Suffer Silently Than Falsely Implicate Someone In A Rape Case Says Tripura HC [Read Judgment]. Tulip Festival 2019 Where Flowers are the Love of life. Neoliberalism Crony Capitalists And The Indian Elections An InDepth Analysis On The Heightened Tensions In South Asia. MeToo Five Teach for India employees sacked for sexual harassment says organisation. Boney Kapoor restarting metoo movement.. Pakistan ka Deshdrohi Exclusive Interview of Dhruv Rathee with Pakistani Human Rights Activist. Jallianwala Bagh 100 years On. Haryana IPS officer who fired in the air in Tamil Nadu was thrashed last year for road rage. Green hero Meet the Malayali businessman whos created 40 forests in 7 states. RailMitra How to Order Food in train of your choice: [removed]. Eco India The Delhibased fashion studio that believes in no new clothes. Readers comments Scroll.in article on animal culling was insensitive humans are real encroachers. Now a cancercausing substance found in Johnson amp Johnsons No More Tears baby shampoo. Benefits of heaviness. MIG 27 Crash Air Force Fighter Jet Crashes In Rajasthan Pilot Ejects Safely. Help My Mother for Cancer Treatment: [removed]. Help My Mother for Cancer Treatment: [removed]. Girlfriend gifted me this today. And then immidiately took it away and asked me to set a goal in life work on it achieve a target and then I can have a go at this.. How did Mahatma Gandhi end up joining gods on the gopuram of a Vishnu temple in Sri Lanka. If we want to reduce violence in this country we need to change how power works Revati Laul. LPT People suffering from mental illness like Anxiety or Depression get your Vitamin levels tested: This might seem to be the most absurd thing you might read all day today but I realised that mental illness is closely related to Vitamin B12 and Vitamin D3. Whenever I feel any of these two are low I start to feel anxious lethargic and depressed. After the regular course I feel alert and back to normal. Most of todays generation is facing sever mental health issues and the same generation is working in corporates all day without much exposure to sunlight affecting Vitamin D levels in body. Also the daily diet is easy home delivered food instead home cooked which lacks nourishment affecting Vitamin B. Talking about seasonal depression which many face during winters or monsoons might be because Sun exposure is again low. Coincidence I think not. So if you are feeling low lately get talk to your physician and get the tests done. No harm in trying if it cures you.. Summers are here. Stay hydrated and help others too: Well Indian summers are extreme with temperatures crossing 450C in some cities across the nation. ampx200B This can affect us severely and there are high chances of heat stroke and other illnesses. However we humans can go in shade avoid going out during afternoons and have many other things to keep ourselves hydrated. ampx200B Birds and animals unfortunately are not able to do it. They go through a lot and try to save themselves from extreme sun. Many die due to dehydration. ampx200B The least we can do is make some water arrangements for when with regular refills so that they are able to cope up with high temperatures. ampx200B Put a bowl of water outside your door for stray animals or hang one on your window for birds. This really helps them a lot and least we can do for them. https//i.redd.it/gc6ufebuu6p21.png. Indias AntiSatellite Test Wasnt Really About Satellites. Mumbai is upgrading finally [R]. Lust Money amp Masala Dosa When The Stars Didnt Bless Saravana Bhavan Boss P Rajagopal. Will dhole packs continue roaming the forests of the Western Ghats. Sex and the Sanskari Gynaec. How Bengaluru students took on moral policing by cops got their attention. For Your Consideration. A YouTube Channel: [removed]. Help My Mother for Cancer Treatment: [removed]. Help My Mother for Cancer Treatment: [removed]. Help My Mother for Cancer Treatment: [removed]. Bihu Festival Commemorating the Delights of Assamese New Year: [removed]. lol. Discern Living Online Home Boutique for Furniture Home Interior Design. Interior Decor Solutions For Your New Home Discern Living. This subreddit has best mods Last post here. Tree felling garbage dumping threaten Delhis Jahanpanah forest. Leaving the Kutch Grasslands in Search of Grass. Moral Policing in Bengaluru Students Claim Harassment by Cops. Is Tejasvi Surya another MJ Akbar in the making asks Karnataka Congress after businesswoman alleges abuse. India 100 Rupees Banknote Hirakud Dam 1970. Do you think most rape cases where accused is known to the victim are false accusation : Why would a sane man in his right senses risk his life to get few minutes of pleasure when he can easily get that spending just few hundred rupees and that too with a willing women. Because a man fully knows that if he rapes a known women then woman is going to complain to the police. . Remember this.....man that was weird asf. Drinking water and pollution among top ten priorities for the urban Indian voter. Scheduled my first counselling session with Psychologist. What should I keep in mind and what should I expect to get out of it: [removed]. Boy 12 killed by seniors for stealing biscuits buried inside school by management. Ported my number to Jio and witnessed really bad call quality. Called their center to complaint about the issue. They say Okay and wanted me to give the number which I called when facing bad quality. I said I cant tell you the number due to privacy concern but can tell you the operator was Airtel: They said No complaint can be registered from my end due to my refusal of giving the concerned phone number to Jio. Like What The Actual Fuck. Til Veer Savarker was arrested for attempted rape of a British woman. And he admitted guilt.:  Much veer so wow.. Aoling Festival In the Celebrating Laands of Nagaland. Dehradun A trip to the Glittering Jewel of the Himalayan Range. Im shocked by the vulgar language on this forum: Perhaps intead of monitoring content for unpopular opinions the mods could just keep it to language you would use in front of your mother.. The Scary Rajasthan A Twist in the Beautiful Sand City. Modern Love and the Flawed Theory of Common Interests. Sobhita Dhulipala interview with Rajeev Masand. Help My Mother for Cancer Treatment: [removed]. [R] I cannot take it anymore. Please help me in reducing my belly fat. Its a request.: Dear Randians Please i need genuine help I am an introvertshyno party kind of person. Sitting through the day and eating anything i am a eggeterian if that is a real term. I am really finding it hard to reduce belly fat. Some pain points I am an introvert you can say also a germaphobe. I basically have not set a foot inside any kind of gym because i somehow cannot do it. People will laugh at me and i am very self conscious with low self esteem. Hope you understood my situation. Each day i am trying to walk 10000 stepsmeasured with a mobile app pacer some jogging for 1 km cycling for say an average of 10 kms per day. But i do not see the fat burn. What do i do I do not have the money to go to a dietician as i am broke person right now. Please help . [R] Audiophiles amp Informed persons please help me: Hi I am a noob in this area. Please read through I really need a good earphone within price say Rs 1500 which should have at least Water proof/resistant. With mic. With forward and backward buttons. best in the price range audio quality wise. any other benefits you can think of. Please help me with your genuine suggestions. I really need it. Thanks. Can The Kashmir Conflict Ever Be Resolved. An actual Air India ad from the 80s. So our Mr. Canada Kumar is promoting the infamous LODHA group.. Chennai man his 2 sons and 3 others die after inhaling toxic gas in septic tank. Court orders Pakistan govt to recover converted Hindu girls Sushma Swaraj seeks justice. The forgotten clusters of South Delhi. The trauma of a rape scene shoot when the crew lacks ethics A Tamil woman actor writes. Diljit Dosanjh Neeti Mohan and Shankar Mahadevan condemned for sexist prank on Rising Stars sets. [Commentary] The flight of a bustard. A story by Anonymous:  My wife was a prostitute. from Quora dont kill me It all began 8 years ago when I was dumped by my girlfriend. I had just graduated and came to know that my Girlfriend was to marry a rich NRI. He was wealthy as hell. Owned couple of restaurants and petrol pumps in Delhi. Moreover he even owned 56 cars all SUV. It broke my heart to see my girlfriend taking the Pheras with her new hubby. I did attend her wedding but left soon. 2 months down the line I shifted to Mumbai. Got a job rented an apartment with another guy and tried to move on in my life. I would drink and smoke excessively. I picked up the habit of sitting in this Ladies Bars. I was lost in a world between reality and chaos. I did not know what I was going to do in my life. I was brought up by a single mother who had died during my college days. My grandfather and grandmother took care of my further education then. I was lonely and I was lost. I was a heavy drinker and smoker and I couldnt focus on work due to my ex girlfriend. I visited brothels and slept with prostitutes. I was in a verge of destroying myself. One morning when I woke I saw the prostitute cleaning my house and wash the utensils. It was unnatural. I was shocked. I asked her what was she doing to which she replied that she thought my room needed cleanliness as it was too dirty. She had already done the utensils and was cooking for me. I did not know what to say or express. She left soon after and I was numb. Like usually I went to work while returning I bought some booze and snacks. But what stuck me is the prostitute who was cleaning my house. Anyways I called my pimp and asked him to send the same girl. He agreed and within the next hour she was at my doorstep. She was smiling. I did not want to have sex that day. I just wanted her company. Maybe because I was feeling to lonely. I called her in and we watched a movie. We spoke about each other. She was hiding something from me. Never told me but I could sense it. We slept together the whole night and we didnt do it. Maybe I was getting attracted towards her. The next morning the same thing happened. She was cleaning and cooking. She gave the curtains and mat to the laundry man. My room started looking more livable. She got rid of all the empty alcohol bottles too. She left and I felt something missing. I had noted down her number. I thought of calling her up but didnt have the courage. One Sunday morning I finally took the courage to call her. I asked her if she was free that day as I was thinking of going for a movie. She agreed and we met at Bandran that whole day we enjoyed. I never looked at her as a prostitute then. But more as a friend. I was skeptical whether what I was doing was right or wrong. I never had the courage to ask her why was she chose prostitution as a profession. We started meeting every Sundays. It would be fun. As if my life was being coloured again. We were something. We couldnt stay without meeting each other. Our small talks turned into late night conversations. I had stopped drinking and smoking almost cut down by 70. On an instance I remember we were sitting at Marine drive. Her head was on my shoulder. We were talking when she suddenly started weeping. Rohit she continued Rohit I dont want to live that life again. I could see tears dropping from her eyes. Rohit Im not that person. I want to live a simple life and do something. I want someone who loves me from the deepest of his heart. The last line struck me. Because it was the same thing my ex girlfriend had told me many yet ago.i didnt know what to say. I hugged her and spent rest of the evening near the shore. I didnt call her the next day. I didnt reply to her texts. I didnt pick her calls. She must have called a thousand times. I was afraid afraid to be dumped again. I had heard the same words from the person who I loved the most but dumped me for a richer guy. I didnt know what to tell her. I was afraid. Post one week she came to my house. She was angry. She thought I was doing this because she was prostitute. That wasnt the truth. I was afraid. But I anyhow appeased her. I hugged her. I was in love with her. We cried on each others shoulders. After 6 months or so I went to her native place in West Bengal where we tied the knot. I shifted to Pune and today we are living a very happy life. For me or any man remember it shouldnt matter if the woman is a virgin or not everyone has gone through something that has made them what theyre today. What matters is 2 hearts and a clean soul. [Source]https//qr.ae/TW8xkW. [removed]. The trauma of a rape scene shoot when the crew lacks ethics A Tamil woman actor writes. A powerful and moving account. Delhi Court Acquits Man of Rape Charges Against Minor Says Victim Was Adult by Muslim Law[np]. Nun who campaigned against Bishop Mulakkal denied money for essential goods medicines by Convent. [serious] can minimum income guarantee work in a country like India Lets keep in mind it does work in high income countries.. Employability Survey 2019 Jobs slip away from the illequipped Indian engineer.. The Israeli Connection. Nun Who Campaigned Against Rape Accused Bishop Mulakkal Denied Money For Essential Goods Medicines By Convent. Home ministry should officially apologise for the Gurugram assault incident. At least here we have our land. Cab driver holds actress Aahana Kumra to ransom during her ongoing MakeMytrip to Amritsar. The Yeddy Diaries Pages with income tax note payoffs to BJP150 crore each to Jaitley and Gadkari 100 crore to Rajnath Singh 50 crore each to Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi. For Bihars women benefits of prohibition wane as alcoholism persists in their villages. In an ancient land a forests impending destruction threatens Indias future. Indian Navys Chetak chopper amp ground crews working hard in relief operations in Mozambique after Cyclone Idai. Much Praise.. Pakistani base destroyed in Indian firing in Akhnoor sectorJampK Army sources say upside down Pakistan flag a signal for SOS extreme danger/distress: [removed]. Avengers Infinity War on Hotstar Premium now. Today I understood why people are tired of Indian Telecom money grabbing techniques. I am a Lodafone postpaid customer. These fuckers promised me a lifetime postpaid plan of 250 which had all the things I needed. Now today they moved me to a 399 plan which has 20GB data extra and 100 SMS.: I got messages previously regarding the plan change and I intimidated them thrice on the matter and they assured me that my concern is understood and I will not be migrated to the expensive plan. They said everytime I called them Sir you are getting extra data of 20GB and moreover the plan is only 150 extra. I declined to change my plan. They assured me again and said all customers are getting the message. No need to worry. Come Today these fuckers migrated me to a new plan of 399 and when I contacted them they hung up on me and also said the 249 plan is not available anymore. . Sajna Ve Sajna Gurdas Maan Cover Depinder Bhupal. Jio customer support literally sucks.. [Serious] What is your towns/villages/Citys urban legend/scary/creepy/paranormal story. A devastating past that isnt helping my progressive future even when I want to.: [removed]. Gossips in Office: I have started working 6 months ago. I am not a very social person although I dont hesitate to talk to new people but I would prefer to be alone or with people I feel connected/comfortable with. And on then other hand I am preparing for an exam so its better for me to finish the work and go home without taking coffee break 2 times a dayI don even drink coffee because I deem unhealthy . So this week a guy took me to coffee area so that I could take a break I dont know why I complied. So we were total 2 girls and 3 guys talking about the nonsense stuff places to visit items they are eyeing online good old bitching man I hate that etc. I was quite and phased out I was on my mobile too. In college I had two close friends with whom I could talk on any topic taking any stand and forgetting about it the next day . I dont know when did the topic change and one girl asked me if I would reject a girl based on her drinking/smoking habits. I promptly replied yes. She frowned and questioned Seriously . I said yes as a non drinker and non smoker I would prefer the one who doesnt either. Then that dumb bitch accused me of being misogynist amp sexist and provided the analogy I am the same kind of person who want a virgin girl just coz they are virgin too and doesnt support the their choice of working after marriage. I tried to explain that she cant equate those two scenarios but to no avail. Others didnt say much but were on her side with the argument thats its the girls choice and should be allowed to follow her choices blah blah. Didnt want to argue any more we just wounded up and left. I might be on the wrong side but I learnt a imp lesson today that never go on fuckin coffee break. ampx200B ampx200B. Modern home architecture. The Almighty Lord is Kabir. The narrator of Holy Gita ji is Kaal Brahm/Jyoti Niranjan and not Shri Krishna ji. Because Shri Krishna ji was not Kaal SaintRampalJiM SaturdayMotivation SaturdayThoughts. Electric Fireplaces Manufacturers in Jalandhar. The Last Battle of the Long Marchers. How Indian media spread outright misinformation about a massive surgical strike against Rohingya insurgents. PUBG Mobile testing 6hour daily limit in India to combat bans.. Explainer What you need to know about the alleged Yeddy diaries. A womens squad in Odisha defends its forest for 20 years. Threatened and undocumented sea snakes of India. Happy Holi Memory diary. AC Maintenance Companies in Dubai by Thinkers Technical. Change my mind PubG should be banned. Best architecture. Fake whatsapp forward to increase voter participation. Anger over militants holding slain minor hostage First your son will die then us.. Applying Indias Cold Start War Doctrine to current situation: [removed]. Ragpickers at Mumbais Deonar despite being unsung heroes of sustainability battle garbage mafia and state apathy. Kashmiri School Principal Brutally Tortured Burnt Before Custodial Death. [SERIOUS][NSFW] Seeking advice from Men specialist doctor.: Hi Im a 24yro dude with normal BMI amp semilethargic lifestyle working in IT. Issue is since this morning Ive been experiencing a sharp pain every time i relive myself. The pain is originating from my right side testicle and is making it extremely difficult to even pee. Im at work pretty nervous and have stopped drinking water to prevent me from going to washroom again. What should i do Alcohol 23 times a week Smoking 23/daily Drugs No Sex No Diet Mostly home cooked. No fast food I googled symptoms and one of the possible explanation was maybe i did a choke hold but i havet masturbated in like 3 days. Someone please help.. Do you think most cases of rape in which the accused is known to the victim are false : In Delhi 10 rape cases are filed on daily basis .And in 9.7 cases the accused is known to the victim . Personally I think most of these cases are false . As I dont think any man is foolish enough to rape a known woman. A man can grope or molest an acquaintance I can understand . But unless the man is complete fool he will not go to the extent of raping a known woman especially in a city . . House design. The human cost of growing cotton in Telangana. Denied bathroom break desperate Kerala class 10 student defecates in exam hall. CSIRCRRI Technician Admit Card 2019 Check Technical Assistant Exam Date. CSAUK Faculty Recruitment 2019 Notification For 49 Vacancies. Kerala woman alleges rape inside CPIMs local office probe on. Jaagte [R]aho 1956 was the original Stay Woke film: If you have not yet seen this 1956 Raj Kapoor starrer I highlyhighly recommend it. You can find it on YouTube. In this age of Chors pretending to be Chowkidars this movie has aged extremely well. Im tired for words now so just [read this review]https//uiowa.edu/indiancinema/jagteraho to get a feel for what its about. Youll see what I mean. . ESIC Rajasthan UDC Recruitment 2019 Apply Online 39 Steno Posts. The many demands of Tihar jail inmate Christian Michel. The Pleasures of Eating Alone in a Public Space. Mukesh Ambani May Reap Rewards From Brother Anils Telecom Woes. Whats the solution to air pollution. Indian Elections Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj Netflix. The Ken todays article on BSchool Job prospects is a must read for anyone who is aspring for a shot at the top B schools.: Its free for students. . Need Advice related to Gynecomastia aka enlargement of breast tissue in men: [removed]. If theory of universe birth out of singularity is applied on living beings then growth would be a result of expansion and not cell division. For Sanitation Workers in Aizwal Stigma Isnt a Problem. Four arrested for harassing journalist Barkha Dutt online. Ranbir Kapoor Called Raju Hirani Accused Of Sexual Assault An Amazing Human Being. Patliputra Junction A New Pathway to enter Bihar: [removed]. Unkill Network. Am not a chowkidar you chor. Two Flags Tracing the story of Tamils who chose to become French in Pondicherry. Make peace with the past The Story of every child in a typical Indian family.. Why has the Adani Group not kept its CSR promises Kerala fishermen ask. Watch US comedian faces flak after boasting of having Sikh passengers offloaded from her flight. For the Ambanis its all about loving their family and making sure the world knows. South Kashmir family took in strangers as guests. They killed their special police officer daughter. Delhi Crime Review This Netflix Show Is A Skewed Take On The 2012 Gangrape Case. Ericsson Teaches Anil Ambani and India a Lesson [r]. [Serious]Suggest me a good call recorder: I use a Motorola X4 on Airtel sim. I need a call recorder because me and my girlfriend can never agree on who said what on call and she suggested that I install a call recorder and finally put this to rest. Can you guys suggest what you use and what will be good. 12yearold girl raped beheaded by brothers uncle in Madhya Pradesh Police. 12yearold girl raped beheaded by brothers uncle in Madhya Pradesh Police bhopal. It takes a village to save the sparrow. From the other side of the bars Rona Wilsons quiet commitment to prisoners rights. Awesome PC set up I found on Reddit Take a look . 8 exDGPs write to Nitish Kumar after Bihar police custody deaths ask for prompt action. Punjab Law University Students Boycott Exams Administration Calls In Rapid Action Force. Denied money for medicines ostracised Witness in Franco rape case recounts ordeal. When a chowkidar robbed former BJP stalwart Shankersinh Vaghela of Rs 7 lakh. [ShowerThought] Now a days you can just get arrested for playing pubg when you want to skip school.: Ik this is a bad idea but would work I guess. . Some jokes write themselves. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. Kerala rape case Nun who protested against Bishop gets ultimatum to leave congregation. Christchurch shooting video lays bare terrifying new brazenness of rightwing trolls their toxic shitposting. I have no one here Why Pakistani wives of former Kashmiri militants long for home. Pollachi sexual assault case Women in Tamil Nadu are suffering due to political exploitation media bias. Hello folks how do I make hostel my room look vibrant : [removed]. In Other News more than 10000 people are protesting Adanis mining project in Australia.: [removed]. LETS GET KUNAL KAMRA TO DO AN AMA HERE: [removed]. Rape Accused MJ Akbar Says Main Bhi Chowkidar. Railing Against Indias RightWing Nationalism Was a Calling. It Was Also a Death Sentence.. Maneka Gandhi tells Army to act against elephant deaths in Assam remove dreadful spikes. Nearly 15 years after Coca Cola plant shut down Plachimadas fight for Rs 216 crore in compensation continues. Fun and Frustration of ordering a carrom board online: [removed]. Online poker: People here who play online poker with real money what websites would you recommend Ive played adda52 and couple of others but now since the ban in telangana region since more than a year im not able to find any reliable website. Downloaded pokerstars yesterday but the telangana ban again. Any help would be appreciated. . Why Bengalurus proposed mega elevated road corridor has sparked protests. Time for intolerence Mumbai residents must stop being so apathetic about their citys neglect. CG Vyapam Faculty Recruitment 2019 Apply Online For 14580 Posts. Population trends for major religious groups in India 19512011. About a Chariot in Prehistory The Rediscovery of India. Delhis planners are no master of the Master Plan. We asked for help but it was refused as if its our fault. Clean Kumbh dirty Ganga Rivers transformation during Mela was event management not sustainable solution. Shame is Always the Womans Chinmayi on Pollachi Sexual Assault. Pollachi sexual assault case Questions about polices conduct at press conference nature of investigation loom large. Open Letter To Anushka Sharma Why Did You Choose Tarun Tejpal. CST Bridge Collapse Survivors Recount a Night of Horror. Pollachi Sexual Assault On the Streets Anger amp Distrust of Cops. All about the Pollachi Rape amp Blackmail Case Tamil Nadu Govt just Transferred to CBI. Fellow Indians who ride two wheeler the summer is harsh already. If anybody asks for a drop please offer them without even jumping to your second thoughts.. Do they always have to wait for people to die After Mumbai bridge collapse anger at hospital. NASSCOM Technology amp Leadership Forum 2019 Session XX. Two Kerala female students take trip to Goa face colleges wrath for plans. Beta Gana Ga Ke Sunao. Surgeon assaulted for obeying traffic laws. Indian pacer Mohammed Shami charged by Kolkata cops for domestic violence. Why Are We Not Outraging Over the Pollachi Sex Abuse Scandal. Why Are We Scoffing at the Akash Ambani Video Arent All Our Weddings About Manufactured Happiness. Train Charting Everything You Need to Know: [removed]. Why seek proof of IAF strike damage If a virgin birth can be taken on faith why not virgin deaths. Block Chinese Products using Chinese mobiles Infact all the components of a mobile are made in China now .. Train Schedule System Helping Passengers to plan the Journey: [removed]. Troll post: [removed]. TROLL or Mental health issues: [removed]. Is this our best look at Iron Man Captain America Thor in Avengers Endgame See new pic. Subah subah reddit load nhi ho raha: [removed]. They say there are no farmers in Delhi. Amid Sexual Assault Allegations Rajkumar Hirani Nominated For Filmfare Award. He also has a sister What responses to Pollachi case tell us about rape culture. Cou[r]tesy of u/iamsatyajeet. Thank you.. Indias 100 Most Trusted Brands. How many of you have studied or are currently studying from AKTUformer UPTU: As most of you would be aware of AKTU is Indias most infamous engineering universities in India. I am from one of the oldest government college which technically comes under the AKTU but has autonomy. So I am pretty much shielded from the influence of AKTU about everything. How is life like in AKTU now a days. [Giveaway] class 12 FIITJEE packages for physics chemistry and mathematics. Delhi/noida: Hey there So I am going off to college this year. I joined FIITJEE during my final two years. I have most of the packages from their physics chemistry and maths subjects that I havent studied Much from. These packages cost a lot so I thought instead of selling them Id help a fellow student out. If youre going to start preparing for JEE or are going to start your 12 or 11th live in Delhi or Ghaziabad or Noida. Id be happy to help you Im currently out of station so I cant give them to you until Im back. My apologies. Anyway Ill be selecting someone from the comments in a few days. Give me a reason why you need it. Well discuss and I can give them to you Thank you . Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. TSeries vs PewDiePie serious: [removed]. TSeries vs PewDiePie Serious: [removed]. Being One in the Crowd A story of an Introvert Girl. Subscribe to PewDiePie: [removed]. NYT draws flak for describing Pulwama terror attack as an explosion. If Stigma Against SexualAssault Victims Continues so Will Cases Like Pollachi. Whoever that power tripping mod that banned me is. Fuck you.: [removed]. TIL that us Indians will never change. People confusing Surf Excel with MS Excel and boycotting the latter because of an advert by the former.. Delhi Crime Trailer A new Netflix show about the 2012 rape of Jyoti Singh Pandey that sparked mass protests around India.. Looking to hire someone who can read Gujarati. [Beer Money]: [removed]. Indian aunties to their husbands.. Is there a way ensure that false rape case does not happen : There is a girl whom I am currently seeing and we have even talked and joked about sexual things. She is clearly sexually into me and wants to take the relationship to sexual level . We havent even kissed yet . I am just seeing her for two days . But I just want to have sex with her and am into any relationship kind of stuffs let alone marriage . So I am fearing getting charged with false rape case . As If in future she intiate things like marriage and I refuse she may file false rape case on me . I know many of you will advice me to communicate things in clear words before having sex . But you must understand that human relationship especially man to woman relationship are not that simple . As she can change her mind later and demand relationship or marriage . And if pissed off she can file false rape case on me. Only those who are experienced in these types of things reply as I am asking for some serious advice and is related to India so I posted on this subreddit . Planned murder Family of Delhi woman who was charred to death in a car accuses husband. ABP Group to sack 150 employees in third round of downsizing.  68500 http//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/03/6850011.htmlm1. Interview with Field Marshal K.M. Cariappa First Indian CommanderinChief . A guide to cosplaying in India [1120]: Hey Guys I know it is sucky to ask for likes and subscriptions. But hear me out. My friend recently started a youtube channel to help Indians understand Cosplay as a hobby. However there are some trolls who are disliking her video although she is trying her best to keep her content away from drama and to improve the Indian cosplay scene. I request you to please go to the video and leave a like on the video. lt3 ampx200B [https//www.youtube.com/watchvKUB95Kbpw7Q]https//www.youtube.com/watchvKUB95Kbpw7Q . I am a person in my own right Indira Jaising takes exception to AG Venugopals remark. Heres a Look at Struggles of DUs Women Ad Hoc Faculty. A class act Opinions differ [2008]. Train Running Status Changing the experience of Train Journey: [removed]. [OC] Look who I found walking about in Hawaii.. Pakistan media was no angel either after Balakot with its halftruths and denials. Election Dates. Construction at Hyds historic Golconda Fort ASI making a mockery of its own code. Election dates are declared. When will you be voting. Plant 5 saplings will cancel arrest order Court tells rape accused. [OC] I see your Gandhi statue and raise this Gandhi Statue in Hawaii.. Shocking Secrets about Kumbh Mela Largest Human Gathering on the Planet. High Court stays arrest of Sonakshi Sinha in cheating case. Before this Years Board Examinations Learn the Real Reason India is a Student Superpower. Pakistan still abides by the Musharraf playbook when accused of harbouring terrorists. How a 17hour journey turned hell for a journalist. How power stabbed me in the back. Porn ban in India whats your view: [removed]. Visited New Delhi first time and this is how metro welcoms you . I guess Flipkart is on drugs today says Winter is Back but recommends Air Conditioners Fans and Coolers etc.. Pakistans terror crackdown Interior minister is Hafiz Saeeds crony future NSA a buddy of Masood Azhar. Somebody start a new politics subreddit just so that other posts in this sub would get more outreach.: [removed]. I am an Indian citizen and a nobody. AMA [NSFW]: [removed]. [Serious] Can someone explain whod be a better choice in the upcoming elections BJP or the Congress and why Please only factual practical replies not looking for heated arguments.. [shitpost] Next time someone political does an AMA lets call it DAMA: Dont Ask Me Anything I wont answer anything . DAMA IWAA. The Hasdeo Arand story Is coal mining a fait accompli for the pristine forests. Praveen Swamis legacy of sources journalism. Found in Manipur Eastern hog deer earlier believed to be confined to Southeast Asia. Who Is Pakistan Trying to Fool With Its Sham Action Against JeM. [R] I have been moved to Delhi temporarily and I am bored and lonely. Any ideas on funsocial activities I can do alone: I am in delhi for 3 months for training purposes. I dont know anyone here. No friends no family. How do you guys suggest I kill time I have at least 4 hours a day to kill.. Indian Players to Sport Abhinandan Style Mustache at World Cup. LPT If you are planning to buy NordVPN and have PayPal account buy it from ebates.com: This is a little hack I found earlier when I was buying NordVPN and thought would be useful with all the fuckery of Jio going on. ebates.com is an US based website that gives you cashback if you buy from their website and they earn comission from referrals. So if youve PayPal you can link it to your ebates account where theyll send you the cashback amount once every quarter Ive tried this with Indian PayPal account too and it works fine. I bought NordVPN 3 Year Subscription for 7400 and recieved 3300 cashback 40 cash back singup bonus. That comes around 1.5/month which is the best VofM VPN subscription Ive bought so far. . OP India article on certain amount of gagging on this subreddit: [removed].  http//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/03/blogpost10.htmlm1. Thoughts around recent situation Media politics and wayforwards:  I drafted few of the points and frustrations I had with the media and the way current government dealt with things. These are strictly my opinions and Since Reddit is Anonymous forum I decided to put across my thoughts here in no particular order. Writing this seem to help some of the frustrations I had with current uncomfortable situation we landed in. Current Indian Media houses Hyper nationalistic sensational and Run behind TRP I am still hunting for 1 channel that does not put opinions speculations Trusted sources debates useless graphics before factual reporting. Still cant understand why media want to show things which are not confirmed and corroborated by facts and official statements. Many channels pick old videos from youtube pictures from internet that matches their imagination and Narrative and try to show that as reporting pieces Media houses seem to have formed a mini cartel in a race to TRP and ad revenue Everyone including educated public and media houses know how messed up the reporting and journalism standards in multiple instances they should among themselves come to a consensus of what is good reporting and stick to it in long term. Long term effects of not having a reputed and nonbiased media house might hurt indias democracy image. Remember media is 4th pillar of democracy We should keep our pillars strong and healthy. I have not followed DD news excuse my ignorance I follow private media houses like most Indians do What I think is right Media Have a strict guidelines for media reporting issues concerning National Security. Every reporting piece that comes in media should be clearly mentioning the sources of reporting Other cases it has to mark the screen space clearly visible mentioning if the piece is Speculation Opinion etc. Should follow a good degree of restraint in situation like this 27/11 Surgical Strikes etc and be an example not a laughing stock among its own people and others. I understand faster reporting and quality of content reported need to be traded off in this age of smart phones and Social Media I am still looking for that national news channel that has this tradeoff in right proportions. I am still looking for that media house that has Dhonis calmness and composure even in trying times. This might Garner respect in international community from citizens and even from enemies Current Government Government should be just a decision maker for military proposals. None of these should be used for political rallies or propagandas. EC should have guidelines for election propaganda like they have for Hate speeches. Country comes first Not a particular ruling party win / loss in elections based on hot headed decisions. Government should start enforcing guide lines to media houses reporting sensitive information. If there are strikes behind enemy lines why are we giving the information out such in first place why are we trying to satisfy our anger and ego Keep faith in out What I think is could be done by Government Not every military action by every country will be successful every time there will be surprises losses and wins let military decide what is what and government be the rubber stamp approving their proposals. Disclose only what is needed and others should be kept confidential Strikes behind enemy lines should be highly classified with a time limit 5y 10y 20y 50y etc after which details can be made public. Public and media pressure should not decide the course of Military Navy and Airforce actions. I understand emotions can be high but again country comes first and let these professionals deal with it. Have a goal and Narrative in this case the goal could be JEM killed our Soldiers we want JEM to be recognized as terrorist outfit and its leaders handed over to India and any other organizations started by its members to be going through Paks approval with records in future. The Narrative and actions should stick to this until goal is reached and we move on to the next goal. Right now I have an opinion that we seem to have slightly lost our narrative we are trying to show Pak used an F16 when they responded back for our strikes If I look at the narrative and proofs provided as a neutral source I am more convinced of their narrative and peace proposal than Indias. Get your narrative right and keep it aligned with the Goals. Personally I am against war Religion based biases in countries and systems. I really want to see peaceful relationship between India and Pakistan like France Germany and Europe has right now. I hope both the countries grow strong economically and have lot more visa free travel and cultural exchange. Some where deep down I also imagine Unification of both countries and grow ourselves to be a super power. I know I am dreaming but why not ampx200B PS I have drafted this as a comment in a megathread I thought it might be worth discussing these in a separate thread of its own and created this post. . Balakot NTRO Claim on 300 Active Phones at JeM Camp Needs Clarity. Daily Rhythms Impede Acceptance of the Toilet in India. Unpacking row over IAF air strikes in Balakot satellite data Unless India releases proof disbelief will only gain momentum. When orchestra became arkestra. India Today on Twitter AirStrikePolitics What we are witnessing is a brazen game of putting national security at risk Swaraj India president YogendraYadav. Rape Threats Fake News Mob Violence How Right Wingers Got People Fired For FB Posts After Pulwama. Trevor Noah and the Lazy Art of Mistimed Racial Stereotypes. Not All PoWs Return Safe Like Abhinandan Varthaman The Case of Captain Gurung. Cant change what Babur did SC reserves order order on mediation on Ayodhya[R]. Can r/india collectively make a video like this on current sociopolitical condition of India. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. Say Pakistan Murdabad and tour whole Jaipur city in only 100 on double decker bus.. CISCE playing with lives...An analysis of the exams...: IMPORTANT NoteUnlike from the Newspaper articles given in the net this is from the person who wrote it and what Many many had told... This is related to the Science stream.. It all started on February 5th and we did not get enough time for revising or so ...Let me start from the practical section.... Physics Practicals Feb 5The experiments were easy. Almost everyone got the correct answer and the procedure part was typed in a simple way and everyone were satisfied... Chemistry Practicals Feb 7This was easier than physics. Everything was balanced...No one found it difficult to get the confirmation tests.. Biology Practicals Feb 11The questions were of an easy pattern...The identification of specimens were not hard and the physiological experiments were also easy.... Computer Practicals Feb 13Im a Bio studentso with what i have heard the Practicals were easy.. Now the fun begins... Computer TheoryFeb 18For many students the paper was easy...but for some output questions were hard. The K map and programs were easy by the way...Said by a trust worthy source English Grammar Feb 21Although some grammar questions were a bit tricky but question paper was overall very easy.The passages were silly but they essay choices very good. English Literature Feb 25The Tempest was easy.. However the short stories fromEchoes had dull selection... It compressed of 1 dull chapter and two philosophical stories.. The poems fromReverie had a slightly better choice as it had one simple poem and two philosophical poems.. students actually did not expect this dull paper... Chemistry Theory Mar 1This had a slightly unusual question paper ...the questions were somewhat different from the previous year types the numerical section was easy... the inorganic was kinda easy but they give more equations in organic section. The students actually did not expect some type of questions to be found here. Many did find it difficult... The most common review is Just Satisfactory... This paper was negatively reviewed by many students... Maths Mar 5 Sigh this was the hardest Maths question paper CISCE has sent since idk....many many years i think.... The question paper was lengthy the questions were harder... Many were not able to finish on the correct given time. Section A was hell for....many section B was kind of moderate while section C which was mainly for the commerce was much more easier...students had high hopes for this one but it was ultimately lead to a disaster... After all the exams which we are facedthis was the most negative received exam paper... For many their dreams were shattered.. Analysisthis years question papers where harder than the previous years... Many had hopes which lead to an utter disappointment... The chemistry and maths qp actually played with everyone... This was not a SATISFACTIONEXAM I actually have no idea what these ISC people are doing. Just making the question paper hard does not make a good standard. Its like the ISC people are trying to be the CBSE board. if this trend continuous for the coming exams and for the coming yearsI dont think there would be anyone left to study for the ISC.Then people would opt for CBSE or any local syllabuses... The main reason which people choose ISC was JUST .because they were studying in ICSE in the 10th standard. Now they are making fun with your lives.. its like making all these 14 years go to the trash... And since India is a highly competitive countrythe Board marks will surely affect those who are aspiring for high colleges...it has made thousands of parents lose their hope for the child and the pupils also have lost their hope for the coming exams and the ISC is doing a great job in that. I dont know who is actually the wrong here...IS it the teachers who has not trained the students properly with proper methods of teaching and proper revision Or is it just us who did not study properly for this board exam Or is it just council who is trying to bring a change in the Standardof the paperwhatever it maybe it is just messing with our lives. And like common people ask what will you do without having good markswhich is our situation... Demotivation is Never A Factor for Quality... Based on the reviews of manyhere is my rating of each subject in their difficulty level.. Computer Theory1.5/5 English Grammar1.75/5 English Literature2.5/5 Chemistry3.5/5 Maths3.75/5 Notethis is just the average ranking which I made after reviews from many many students... Personal ranking might be different but this is just a summation... I earlier did post this but had to remove due to some problems... Thanks for spending your time reading this and share your thoughts... It took me some time too.... . CISCE playing with Lives...A Summary of the ISC exams occurred till March 5...: IMPORTANT NoteUnlike from the Newspaper articles given in the net this is from the person who wrote it and what Many many had told... This is related to the Science stream.. It all started on February 5th and we did not get enough time for revising or so ...Let me start from the practical section.... Physics Practicals Feb 5The experiments were easy. Almost everyone got the correct answer and the procedure part was typed in a simple way and everyone were satisfied... Chemistry Practicals Feb 7This was easier than physics. Everything was balanced...No one found it difficult to get the confirmation tests.. Biology Practicals Feb 11The questions were of an easy pattern...The identification of specimens were not hard and the physiological experiments were also easy.... Computer Practicals Feb 13Im a Bio studentso with what i have heard the Practicals were easy.. Now the fun begins... Computer TheoryFeb 18For many students the paper was easy...but for some output questions were hard. The K map and programs were easy by the way...Said by a trust worthy source English Grammar Feb 21Although some grammar questions were a bit tricky but question paper was overall very easy.The passages were silly but they essay choices very good. English Literature Feb 25The Tempest was easy.. However the short stories fromEchoes had dull selection... It compressed of 1 dull chapter and two philosophical stories.. The poems fromReverie had a slightly better choice as it had one simple poem and two philosophical poems.. students actually did not expect this dull paper... Chemistry Theory Mar 1This had a slightly unusual question paper ...the questions were somewhat different from the previous year types the numerical section was easy... the inorganic was kinda easy but they give more equations in organic section. The students actually did not expect some type of questions to be found here. Many did find it difficult... The most common review is Just Satisfactory... This paper was negatively reviewed by many students... Maths Mar 5 Sigh this was the hardest Maths question paper CISCE has sent since idk....many many years i think.... The question paper was lengthy the questions were harder... Many were not able to finish on the correct given time. Section A was hell for....many section B was kind of moderate while section C which was mainly for the commerce was much more easier...students had high hopes for this one but it was ultimately lead to a disaster... After all the exams which we are facedthis was the most negative received exam paper... For many their dreams were shattered.. Analysisthis years question papers where harder than the previous years... Many had hopes which lead to an utter disappointment... The chemistry and maths qp actually played with everyone... This was not a SATISFACTIONEXAM I actually have no idea what these ISC people are doing. Just making the question paper hard does not make a good standard. Its like the ISC people are trying to be the CBSE board. if this trend continuous for the coming exams and for the coming yearsI dont think there would be anyone left to study for the ISC.Then people would opt for CBSE or any local syllabuses... The main reason which people choose ISC was JUST .because they were studying in ICSE in the 10th standard. Now they are making fun with your lives.. its like making all these 14 years go to the trash... And since India is a highly competitive countrythe Board marks will surely affect those who are aspiring for high colleges...it has made thousands of parents lose their hope for the child and the pupils also have lost their hope for the coming exams and the ISC is doing a great job in that. I dont know who is actually the wrong here...IS it the teachers who has not trained the students properly with proper methods of teaching and proper revision Or is it just us who did not study properly for this board exam Or is it just council who is trying to bring a change in the Standardof the paperwhatever it maybe it is just messing with our lives. And like common people ask what will you do without having good markswhich is our situation... Demotivation is Never A Factor for Quality... Based on the reviews of manyhere is my rating of each subject in their difficulty level.. Computer Theory1.5/5 English Grammar1.75/5 English Literature2.5/5 Chemistry3.5/5 Maths3.75/5 Notethis is just the average ranking which I made after reviews from many many students... Personal ranking might be different but this is just a summation... I earlier did post this but had to remove due to some problems... Thanks for spending your time reading this and share your thoughts... It took me some time too.... . Why is this rickshaw stand located in Andheri. Why claims about the PAF pilots lynching dont add up. ISC Board Exam 2019.....The situation so Far...Real Analysis: NoteUnlike from the Newspaper articles given in the net this is from the person who wrote it and what Many many had told... This is related to the Science stream.. It all started on February 5th and we did not get enough time for revising or so ...Let me start from the practical section.... Physics Practicals Feb 5The experiments were easy. Almost everyone got the correct answer and the procedure part was typed in a simple way and everyone were satisfied... Chemistry Practicals Feb 7This was easier than physics. Everything was balanced...No one found it difficult to get the confirmation tests.. Biology Practicals Feb 11The questions were of an easy pattern...The identification of specimens were not hard and the physiological experiments were also easy.... Computer Practicals Feb 13Im a Bio studentso with what i have heard the Practicals were easy.. Now the fun begins... Computer Theory Feb 18The exam was easy for many and there was not much change int he qp. The OP qns were a bit tough though as Said by a Trusty Source. English Grammar Feb 21This paper was kinda easy. The grammar qns were a bit tricky and the passage given was silly. The essay also had good topics.. English Literature Feb 25The tempest section was easy. However the short stories from the book called Echoes had a du selection with 1 dull and long chapter and 2 philosophical ones..The poem bookReverie had a slightly better selection with One easy poem and 2 philosophical ones...This was not what the students expected.. Chemistry Mar 1Oh boy the real fun. Actually this paper was pretty Unexpected..The numericals were easy the inorganic was quite okay. They focused mostly on equations for organic and some questions were shockersespecially the surface chem qns..Many were not quits okay with this paper... Maths Mar 5 sigh The most difficult qp the board has released since.....many many years ago. The previous year questions were much easier as compared to this. The questions unusually lengthy and twisted.. Section A was hell for mostB was slightly better and the Cpreferred for the commerce students were easier...This question paper literally doomed everyone... AnalysisThe practicals were easy only to get the pupils doomed by the theory. Maths and chemistry were unusually tough..Idk why maybethis is the batch to suffer...All parents are loosing hope like the pupils and many wont understand..There should be some difficult qns but now ISC is becoming more like CBSE... Thought ISC was different not anymore...Idk who this Gerry Arathoon is...But if this trend continues for the following exams and for the following years the ISC wont be able to see a bigger future...All shame for the pupils who studied there .. People would go for CBSE or any local syllabuses if ISC keeps the paper hard... Idk whos fault it is...is it the teachers who might not have taught and provided us the right trainingIs it just our fault that we might have not studied hardOr is it the Council All i know was...my efforts were wasted...as so is many others... If we were to give some rating for the difficulty of the subjects here is the general rating... Computer1.5/5 English Grammar1.5/5 English Literature2.5/5 Chemistry3.25/5 Maths3.75 NoteThese are just thoughts of mine and many others i know. It many not match with others... Rating was just on an overall basis....Andthanks for reading this...It took a while.... Need Inputs How to judge the political parties in next election Serious answers only: [removed]. The Festival of Holi Places to Visit for Holi Celebration: [removed]. Northern Railways to run Special Trains for Holi 2019Check the Schedule. Get the Best books and resources for NEET to help you crack NEET. Details of Top books and objective questions for NEET Biology Chemistry and Physics.:  Once you decide to become a doctor the next step is to start preparing for NEET National Eligibility cum Entrance Test exam. There are a variety of different books available for NEET preparation. You can get these books as well as join an online NEET preparation course and start preparing for your 2019 attempt. As there are a lot of books available in the market for NEET preparation it becomes difficult to decide which books are the best for NEET exam preparation. In this article we discuss the various options of best books for NEET that can help you crack the NEET exam. Our experts have provided a comprehensive list of all the available top [NEET books]https//www.careerorbits.com/pmtmedicalentrance/neet/articles/bestbooksforneet and resources. An understanding of this list of NEET books will help you decide in choosing the right NEET books and resources. . Change my Mind AAP is the best of the bad choices this polling season: Please change my mind I have been thinking hard about which political party to support in Lok Sabha season. All I have to give away is my vote and a Rs 10000 donation with 100 deduction claim under 80GGC. Looking the performance of BJP and Congress they wont get my money. BJP report card for last 4 years is not even 5 of what was promised. Congress still does not have principles to stand for. AAP at least focused on schools and hospitals in Delhi. PS I dont personally like Kejriwal and his politics. But I strongly believe in results driven outcomes. Performance Anxiety: [Shitpost] Ive an extremely important job interview in a couple of minutes and its not the first time Im sitting for an interview and Im still trying to wend off my performance anxiety but I feel its getting worse. I dont know what to do. . Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. In the Himalayas growing population of feral dogs poses threat to wildlife humans.. After 4Day Handwara Encounter Villagers Stare At Wreckage. Pulwama attack rally mob goes berserk: Ok this shit scared me where is my country heading sorry if this is a repost.. India and Pakistans rivalry isnt territorial or ideological its psychological [February 2018]. Jharkhands Khunti village rife with tales of human trafficking but threats keeps villagers from approaching police. We Dont Count the Dead Says IAF Day After Amit Shahs 250 Claim Govts Silence Rings Loud. Am I asking for too much : I know I need the most right now is just emotional support. Its hard to explain clearly why I am depressed. Its a combination of deeprooted inferiority complex and selfesteem issues coupled with awful events which have recently happened. The fabric of life has been torn. There is no structure or order in it but just chaos all around. Life is miserable when everyone around you is doing so well in their life and career and you are going nowhere. You dont have much parental or siblings support no friends close enough to bare your hearts to and frequently cry yourself to sleep wondering if anyone will really care if you are gone. You try and post online in vain hoping someone will hear but deep down you know that people have enough shit in their life already and cant truly help you. It is you who will have to eventually pull yourself out of this hole but you just cant find the strength to do it. So you just lie in your bed hoping that if you dont find enough strength to get out of the hole you someday find some to dig deeper and just end it all. I tried to improve myself since last 14 days again one thing I crave right now is friends . The ones around me are not friends for sure . Nobody helped me when I was in the most downtime of my life . I cant really rely on them . . AIADMKs Clear cashforvote scam onetime cash dole of 2000 to 60 lakh Below Poverty Line BPL families is aimed at bribing voters ahead of the Lok Sabha election.: [removed]. Abhjit Iyer expliains simulation results why Paks tactical nukes wont deter India.. Pakistan may have used Chinesedesigned JF17 in aerial combat with Indian Air Force last week that downed a Sovietera MiG21 leading to the capture of an Indian pilot.. MadeofMud Bengaluru Home Harvests Rainwater Solar Energy amp Organic Food. Asian Indians Experiences: Hello Everyone Link to the survey [http//fullerton.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\6L6w3oDHDHnyfyd]https//fullerton.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV6L6w3oDHDHnyfydfbclidIwAR3QWa4a5kntNTgZ7UQX5q5TDC5c6dLHTVr7Jyp3c8SCG4uYHk8yNC0OxQ I am looking for participants to take part in my study. I have created a survey focusing on understanding Asian Indian Immigrants experiences living in the United States. The questionnaire should take no more than 1530 minutes to complete. All responses are completely anonymous. Criteria must be Firstgeneration or Secondgeneration Asian Indian. Age 1830 years I will also be announcing raffle winners Amazon gift cards at the end of the study run. Thank you again for your time in completing this survey I really appreciate you guys help. Please let me know if you have any additional questions.. How Chhattisgarh schoolgirls who accused CRPF men of sexual assault were denied justice. Rajkumar Hirani to be a part of FICCI Frames despite MeToo allegation. The True Story of Indias Decision to Release 93000 Pakistani POWs After 1971 War. What is done with the clothes and possessions of PoWs at capture and at return: A serviceman possesses several belongings such as devices a uniform identification papers service pistol etc. On capture by enemy what happens to the belongings of a prisoner of war Do they destroy it Do they keep it Or do they return the items when the PoW is returned During captivity how are the PoWs sustained are they given food as per preferences How does the enemy attribute costs of maintaining a prisoner On return of a PoW what is done with his belongings such as papers fresh clothes or any gifts acquired in the enemy country. Indias Media Drumming the Beats of War The Listening Post. This essential book on the prehistory of North East India helps reject facile generalisations. Balakot Airstrikes The Unanswered Questions. Devadevam Rotting Christ [Vedic Metal ]. I have made this infographic image titled Easy way to end the current conflict between India and Pakistan.. Sangam Era Karikala Chola Coins. Abu Road The Spiritual Essence and Ethos of Rajasthani Colors. Katni Junction You have arrived to the Heartland of Madhya Pradesh. How a small town near Mumbai has lived through over 1000 earthquakes in four months. 1965 IndoPak War chronicles Maj. Gen. G. D. Bakshi speaks [2015]. Trevor Noah faces criticism for making light of IndiaPakistan tensions. Trevor Noah being called out for Racist remarks Thoughts . Pakistan releases another propaganda video before releasing wing commander Abhinandan. Makes him to say nasty things about his home country.. Pakistan to lodge UN complaint against India for ecoterrorism forest bombing. So called peace gesture ends with a distasteful video of Wing Commander Abhinandan shot by Pakistani authorities when he was a prisoner. A total violation of the Geneva convention but par for the course in Pakistan. Please do not share this propaganda video. IAF pilot Abhinandan Varthaman back home after 58 hours in Pakistan army custody. Pilot of downed Pakistan Air Force F16 ShahazudDin mistaken for Indian airman lynched by Nowshera mob. Modi is milking the present situation to the extreme Former RAW chief AS Dulat on the Balakot strikes. Four security personnel including an officer killed in encounter with terrorists in Jammu and Kashmirs Kupwara. Bill For Abhi in Pakistan Airforce Mess. Hyd woman trafficked to Oman returned only to be replaced by another Indian slave. Our Captured Wounded Hearts Arundhati Roy On Balakot Kashmir And India. [Salty post] I made this post to call out the moderator of r/india with whom I had this conversation.: [removed]. [R] Megathread III IndiaPakistan Border Skirmish: [removed]. Lets assume a scenario where IAF and PAFs intention was to NOT hit their purported targets. Just a theory here lets discuss.: Im going to come off as playing mental gymnastics here for the Indian side. However all day yesterday I kept posting on the megathread about how our government and forces are acting super strange extra secretive probably propagandist and pretty much resorted to calling them liars. But once it all and I myself quieted down I attempted to look at it from a different broader angle. I dont think such an angle has been discussed yet but I maybe entirely wrong about that. Note that I dont believe this happened a 100 its just a thought experiment/theory IMHO. ampx200B \ ampx200B After the Pulwama attack and JEM subsequently assuming responsibility for it tensions were high and some form of retaliation directed at the terrorists was expected and honestly impending. Since decades everyone knows that there are rogue elements being tolerated and indeed being actively supported at times inside the Pakistani territory and allegedly at the behest of their military establishment. But with subsequent and frequent attacks by these groups on Indians on Indian soil we have always resorted to escalating very briefly from our borders and then seeing no other option but to sit down and talk it out later. With a significant change in leadership and leadership style on both sides there was an option to do it differently. ampx200B Entering the airspace of a neighboring country under any pretense is totally illegal and asking for trouble. But doing so and coming out unharmed would definitely be sending a strong a message. However to enter the airspace and bomb infrastructure and humans of any kind even if under some terrorist cell control will be escalating it a bunch of notches higher than simply entering the airspace. Even if we had 100 accurate information which mind you can hardly be the case that the a particular target only sheltered a bunch of out of control terrorists and bombing the target would only kill the bad guys it would still leave a bunch of dead bodies and damaged infrastructure. Pictures of dead bodies and destroyed houses even if entirely belonging to a terror group as a handiwork of a neighbor would surely escalate tensions way beyond what either side can handle or want. Additionally we also run a very very high risk of killing innocent people because its not as simple as theres a house and it is full of terrorists lets bomb it because conveniently there are no innocent people in the vicinity. ampx200B So the strategy may have been to simply drop low intensity bombs in an area where no structure or humans of any kind would be harmed. They also do so in 1km vicinity of a madrasa apparently run by JEM. There is analysis out there which ends flummoxed stating the missiles purported to be used can not be so off target because they are known to be super accurate. Why didnt it then land on the target The Air Vice Marshal said yesterday the bombs were dropped at the intended targets successfully. Maybe the intended target wasnt a structure full of real human beings of whatever kind. The Indian side delivers a message and the Pakistan side receives a message without any casualty directly involved with aerial bombing which is not a joke ampx200B With India having strategically flexed Pakistan had to retaliate in a similarly controlled manner. They chose to target an equally deserted area but with military targets nearby. The air battle is still veiled in secrecy and it always will be but it could be a result of not fully knowing what the Pakistani intention really is. ampx200B Indian side chose to release exaggerated details to appease the public and create some sort of a PR storm. The 12 jets 1000kg bombs 300 terrorists seemed outlandish then seems outlandish now. It was drummed up as that for necessary effect. The Pakistan side constantly played a different game. That of we can retaliate but we want peace. Modi gets the tag of a strong decisive leader and Imran Khan gets his envoy of peace tag and both walk away winning in front of their population. ampx200B Perhaps Uri reaction was stage 1 of such a change in the style in which we deal with Pakistan. There is no real proof of that encounter as well. The supposed retaliation for Uri was poking Pakistan but not going too far. Next up is the Pulwama retaliation poking them further and slightly more harder. It would be stupid to directly go from peace talks to well bomb the shit out of houses and humans in your territory because we think they might be terrorists. It might just be slowly scaling up poking further and further and see if that acts as motivation enough for Pakistan to clean its act up. ampx200B If you only read the official statements youll see that it is heavily laden with vague claims. This just helps the case along as the Indian populace is appeased thinking weve wiped out shitloads of terrorists and taught Pakistan a lesson and on the other side of the border the populace walks away with a taste of how it feels to be a side displaying restraint. ampx200B But one massive casualty even if all the above was true is Indian media. They fanned the flames without fully understanding the situation. Lets say they were getting made up and calculated reports from their sources there was no need for them to hype it up so very much and create hatred and chaos. If you think about it in some ways the BJP leadership remained aloof during all of this. Modi tried to squeeze political capital out of it as would be expected. Im super disappointed though that he never called for calm. ampx200B Just an addendum I dont think Modi or any of our ministers planned this. If this is correct it might be the handiwork of MEA officials the military officials and diplomats given a free hand and will by the political class to act sensibly. ampx200B \ ampx200B Coming out of story mode I dont fully believe any of the above and I just think it could be a possibility. Happy to discuss this further as purely a thought experiment. Feel free to point out inaccuracies but basing discussions off of this assumption that the attack was SUPPOSED to be on empty land meant as a message might be interesting. . A Fictional tale of Air strikes: This is a fictional story but based on a true story you know how they say that at the start of those movies something like that. This fictional story is based on the assumption that all 3 sides involved in this matter have very intelligent folks working for them India Pak and rest of the world allies and foes alike. I do not believe they are idiots nor do I hate the general populace of Pakistan. ampx200B India gets attacked by a suicide bomber. A known terrorist outfit claims responsibility of it. India believes they have the proof that this group works out of Pak. They have also presented this proof to Pak multiple times. But the proof is not enough for Pak to act against one of their own. Of course India wont arrest someone just because Pak says so especially if the proof is not enough. The said proof cannot be disclosed in the opensource due to various security origin or source reasons. ampx200B India now faces a choice. Either destroy the known locations of this outfit and take revenge or bring them to justice in a fashion where the world sees them for what they are. ampx200B Some super intelligent analyst sitting in front of the computer proposes a solution is relayed up the hierarchies and immediately liked. But it requires certain sacrifices certain strategic decisions to be made with our allies and other super powers. It requires that Indias allies do not interfere in the events that unfold but watch. One of the most difficult part of this strategy is to remain mum on the events it can potentially create unrest in the general population of India but the authorities decide to take the risk. ampx200B Indian air force is readied to attack a certain region based on what India knows. Indias proof says there is a building in a remote place which harbours terrorists but Pak would not accept it. The attack is rehearsed and is conducted swiftly. Pakistan Air Force swiftly reacts but IAF manages to escape without any casualty. Pak claims the victory after all IAF was chased away and in the process they also missed the target The attack happens near a building Pak did not anticipate. They guard the building and secure all accesses and visibility of the building. ampx200B India briefs the allies that they have conducted such an operation making sure no civilian loss happens in the process. Comes forward and tells the world that they have managed to kill a large number of terrorists in the attack. Pak denies. World watches. World media tries to investigate the attack and comes back saying that India lied. ampx200B Pak attacks India in a response to this attack. IAF responds. In an unplanned turn of events IAFs pilot is captured by Pak and priorities change. India stops its further actions delaying the next step of the plan further extending the silence. ampx200B Independent news sources verify the attack site and find that there was actually no damage done but a farm was destroyed. also notes that there is a mysterious building that is guarded by folks who look like Pak soldiers. People assume the target was the building. Keen investigators state that the bombs used were very precise in their targeting but still missed this building furthering the mystery around it. On further digging the reporters find that the building is in fact terrorist training camp cleverly disguised as a Madrassa. Pak sees the proof they wanted to see and take swift action against the terrorist group. At least one terrorist threat is neutralized. ampx200B India comes off cleans stating this was all smoke and mirrors to bring the said proof to light without compromising its sources and apologies for the keeping everyone in the dark. Takes flak for lying to general public but in the process wins a new ally the Pak ampx200B Typed a bit hurriedly more like plot statements than painting a beautiful picture with words sorry for that. I am just a hopeful little idiot. [Serious Contemplation] Do we still not realise how Pakistan operates : [removed]. Alok Nath plays a judge in film revolving around MeToo. Interview of man who captured IAF pilot Abhinandan confirms there were two pilots who crash landed on PoK. One was of course our IAF pilotwho was other: [yt link ]https//www.youtube.com/watchv1JwdM09V9Lw. The Makers Of Oscar Winner Period Violated Child Rights Used Wrong Data. Suspected JeM Madrassa in Balakot PK.. Interview of the man that captured IAF Wing Commander Abhinandan Confirms that there were two pilots who crash landed on PoK. Whichthey just like Pak Army thought was IAF pilot only to find out that he was PAF pilot of F16 Shot down by IAFs Mig21 Source SAMAA TV. Interview of the man who captured IAF Cmdr Abhinandan confirms there were two pilots who crash landed on PoK.: And Pakistani govt confirmed they have only one arrested confirms that the second pilot was of f16 jet shot by IAF Mig21 [Link]https//www.instagram.com/p/BubkR1MAPsX/utmsourceigsharesheetampigshidyjw8oihenntq. Heres the Indian Air Forces official statement out now.. I appreciate Pakistans gesture of Peace but..: Kulbhushan Jadhav is still in Pakistani Jail and Pakistan is refusing to release him. Sarabjit Singh died in Pakistani Jail and Pakistan even refused to release him even on humanitarian grounds. I appreciate the gesture of peace but then keeping the Mastermind of both JeM and LeT safe in Pakistan is surely not a gesture of Peace. These attacks are bound to happen because when you cant defeat a nation from outside you go deep inside. As a fellow Indian I dont want war but I surely want the perpetretors of 26/11 and various other attacks to be taught a lesson same as what fellow Americans/Israelis wanted when Bin Laden attacked the World Trade towers and the National team of Israel was attacked. And for this even if IAF has to enter Pakistani aerospace every night and kill the shit out of these terrorists group. I will support them. Your take randians. . Why encourage hate Wtf indian media. Dont fall for the Pakistani PR spectacle. They were just following the Geneva convention. This is India vs Terrorism and NOT India vs Pakistan. Every single time Pakistan escape consequences by throwing a small good gesture. And every time they return back to terrorism. History repeats.: Just saying that all they are doing is following Geneva Convention which makes it a requirement that they should release the prisoners within one week of getting a request from the opposite party. This has happened before also when Fighter pilot Nachiketa was captured by Pakistan in the past and returned to India within a week. Or countless times when Pakistani soldiers were captured by India. Sure now if they release it within two days and tell it as a gesture of peace and make it into a spectacle then everyone who dont know anything about this will think like it is something done out of the kindness of their hearts but it is not. This is just a very well played PR spectacle. Good move Pakistan. Thats surely a good gesture which I definitely appreciate however it has still not solved the underlying problem. ampx200B Terrorism issue. ampx200B The problem is that Pakistani military is harboring terrorists running terrorist training campshave US department of defence proof and is funding these terrorists\[[Pakistan is on FATF Greylist]https//www.indiatoday.in/world/story/pakistanfatfgreylistindia146235220190222\]. Pakistan Army is unlike any other army you have known. Pakistan Army is the biggest Conglomerate company of Pakistan they have business in everything from shopping malls to schools hospitals insurance companies banks groceries petrol pumps oil meat to anything you can name. \[[Pakistan Army is the biggest business conglomerate]https//qz.com/india/1134516/insidepakistansbiggestbusinessconglomeratethepakistanimilitary/\]. Pakistan is a pseudodictatorship which is controlled by a few elite people. They are benefited by having few terrorist camps. I had written extensively about it before also. If you want to learn about Pakistans very unique power structure where it is a clever dictatorship then [read my previous comment here]https//np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/auubxv/indianairforcecarriesoutstrikeonterror/ehb6h6w/. Even Osama Bin Laden was found living in a mansion next to a military facility in Pakistan. And did America trust Pakistan with that info Nop they did a covert operation to kill the terrorists because they know Pakistan will help terrorists escape just like how they did in [Operation Evillift]http//www.nbcnews.com/id/3340165/ns/worldnewsbravenewworld/t/airliftevil/ where Pakistan air force airlifted lot of terrorists before US military could reach there. I dont have anything against Pakistani people but I am concerned about the terrorists who cause terrorism around the world and kill innocent people. Now India has been giving them proofs of all terrorist attacks till now and seeking them to arrest the culprits for 30years but these people are still walking free in Pakistan and holding public events. They are training more suicide bomber they are radicalizing vulnerable youth just like what ISIS does. ampx200B Current Incident ampx200B This time after the Pulwama terrorist attack which killed nearly 50 people and the responsibility of the attack was claimed by [JaisheMohammed]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JaisheMohammed we had enough. So India decided to destroy this terrorist organizations biggest terrorist training camp in Balakot Pakistan in a preemptive strike. Not a single civilian or military personal was killed. However Pakistan decided to attack Indian military installations and shoot down one our planes. That has escalated this situation very much. India wouldnt have required to do this airstrike if Pakistan had taken action. Masood Azhar the founder of this terrorist organization was once caught and jailed for terrorism in India. However his relatives who are also terrorists hijacked an Indian airline several years ago and held hundreds of people hostage demanding his release. This is how Masood Azhar got released from Indian prison. [Indian Airlines FLight 814]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IndianAirlinesFlight814 And guess what that guy is now living happily in Pakistan with full protection from their army and is conducting terrorist attacks around the world. Why is Pakistan so keep on protecting this terrorist leader If they had just handed over this one single guy this wouldnt have escalated so much. Even other countries like US France etc [wants to declare]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/jaishchiefazharbanglobalterroristunsc5604236/this guy as an international terrorist. Existence of this terrorist camp is well known with US department of defence writing about it in one of their documents which was leaked by wikileaks. This document that BalakotPakistan is a location known to house a training camp that offers both basic and advanced terrorist training on explosives and artillery and that This Jem training camp was planning to conduct Jihadist attacks against both US and its allies. [Link to document]https//wikileaks.org/gitmo/pdf/pk/us9pk000301dp.pdf So do you want such camps to continue to operate in Islamic Republic of Pakistan\[their official name\] Do you want this to grow big into something like the ISIS crisisOr do you want to act against such terrorist camps I am against war but I am also strictly against terrorism. ampx200B India vs terrorism not India vs Pakistan. ampx200B But I guess now everyone will forget the issue of terrorism and think oooh look Pakistan did a good thing now lets just stop our fight against terror look even Pakistan is doing good things. Every single time this is how Pakistan gets away with doing heinous crimes. This happened in Kargil conflict where the good thing Pakistan did was to not nuke India. This happened after 9/11 where the good thing Pakistan did was to Join the fight against terror with US. They tried it after Osama Bin Laden capture as well but it was not effective where the good thing was allowing the US to still cooperate with Pakistan. It is like the worst bully in your school getting massively appreciated by the teacher if he do one single tiny good thing and then forgetting about all the bad things he did. ampx200B It is like a man kill your entire family and then steals your car but when he is about to get caught he comes out and says Okay man I am returning your car. Here have it. All I want is peace. Then everyone be like What a good guy he returned this mans car on his own and then tells you to accept this goodwill gesture and not punish such a nice guy who did such a nice goodwill gesture. ampx200B This is not India vs Pakistan but India vs terrorism. Please dont fall for these PR stunts again. Please solve the core issue of terrorism originating from Pakistan for once and all. I wish if Pakistan take decisive action against terrorism and cooperate with the entire world in solving the menace of terrorism.. Just a person from the right side of the border and Im tired of Pakistani redditors bullshit on r/India.: Im sick to the back teeth of Pakistanis making posts about peace on r/India while being in complete denial of terrorists crawling on their soil who are literally the reason why we are in this shitshow in the first place. So fuck off with your peace talks because you dont mean it IF you really wanted peace you would have captured and surrendered the Jaish chief the fucker who literally has ordered attacks on not only Indians but Pakistani officials too. US UK and France are pushing China to declare the Jaish chief a global terrorist as we speak and yet Pakistanis have the unbelievable audacity to call him one of their citizens. If a man whos been acknowledged as a terrorist by at least four nations is your citizen then that makes you a terror state. Simple as that. You want peace You want a deescalation of the tension Then give up the Jaish chief Trust me one terrorist is NOT worth a fullscale war and deep down even you acknowledge that. So spare me and r/India of peace talks. Show that you want peace by eliminating terrorists hellbent on triggering war. . [serious] Our media is a joke :  Pak Where exactly are you from in India WC Abhinandan I am not supposed to tell u this. Indian Media Hum is waqt Chennai m Abhinandan k ghar se report kar rahe hai. Bataya jaa raha hai ki ghar m unke Mata Pita aur uni patni rehte hai. Unke Pitaji Rtd Air Marshall hai. Pak Which aircraft did you fly WC Abhinandan Sorry I am not supposed to tell you this. Indian Media WC Abhinandan MIG 21 Bison uda rahe the. Aaiye ab hum aapko MIG 21 Bison ke baare me vistaar se batayen. Pak What was your mission WC Abhinandan Sorry I am not supposed to tell you this. Indian Media WC Abhinandan was in a mission to intercept Pak fighter planes. He was successful in bringing down a F 16. God save our country from our retarded media.. Just when I thought Indian media couldnt go any lower.. Pliot to be released.: Pakistani here. Very happy to hear from Prime Minister Imran Khan that hes going to release Wing Commander Abhi on Friday as a gesture of peace. Again I am deeply sorry for the local yokels ruffing up the officer. His candor won our hearts. May peace prevail . Wing Commander Abhinandan shouted slogans hailing India just before capture Report. Advice Required Sold the car a year ago but the buyer has not transferred registration: I sold my car a year ago. Signed all the paperwork and handed over the documents to the new buyer. But when I check the RTO database through parivahan.gov.in it shows the vehicle still registered in my name. I am worried that if the vehicle is involved in any unsavoury incident I may have liability. What are my options from here Have already contacted the buyer and he says he has done registration transfer. I asked for a copy but now there is silence.. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. Picture of portion of downed Pakistani Air Force jet wreckage was in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir. Also seen in pic Commanding Officer of Pakistans 7 Northern Light Infantry. Countries in JeM leader. Diplomatic win for India. Found this very weird post on r/India from FOUR years ago about 2019 escalating tensions and if a large bunch of population is annihilated Global warming can be reduced. Links attached.: [removed]. The void is spooky. Turks have hacked Mumbai income Tax website and one another government website.: https//www.mysoredasara.gov.in http//www.incometaxmumbai.gov.in https//imgur.com/a/vGrsS1X . The Danger of Multiple Stories An Assessment of the Facts and Reporting Surrounding the Pulwama Attack. [R] Live Updates for India Pakistan situation: Lets use this forum only for sharing live updates. Mods please confirm if that is ok.. [Serious] [AskIndia] What are some things that Pakistan generally does better than us: Given the current circumstances and the tensions between the two countries I thought itd be a good idea to create a casual thread discussing this. I fully understand the graveness of the situation and this is by no means a way to downplay that. But I request you to post on the other threads if you want to discuss that. It is in everyones best interests that our countries cooperate with each other. We can learn a lot from each other and each others mistakes. That said Ill start. Pakistan Coke Studio is pretty fucking good. I like it better than ours.. I am not against peace I am against getting slapped over and over and still keep talking about peace.: [removed]. [SERIOUS] Seems today morning Indian air force again did air strikes deep in Pakistan. The Images are coming from Pakistan someone living in Ferozpur very near to pakistan border sent me those Also an image of Indian Pilot captured after his plane crashed. Are songs on spotify locked behind paywall: So I was searching for some songs on Spotify post india launch namely the newer albums by the rock band Skillet. However those albums arent available under the artist profile but can be seen on the web player. Also the play button for those songs isnt clickable. So i was wondering if those songs are not regionblocked or require a subscription. Can anybody confirm it Thanks. Boycott the Pakistani subreddit: [removed]. India strikes terror and other stories related to this subject. 800 junior doctors go on strike in Hyd after patients family assaults paediatrician. Internet warriors right now.. Repeating Class 11 to change streams: [removed]. Spotify launched in India. Kesari Official Trailer Akshay Kumar Parineeti Chopra Anurag Sin...: Must Watch. [World News] Phillip DeFrancos Reporting on the IndoPak Situation on YouTube [820]. I found this article on the history and development of music really exciting to read. Defence Ministry Says No Information On India Violating Pakistani Airspace. Kerala man arrested for setting daughterinlaw on fire booked for attempt to murder. Suffering bondage in a free country. Cooking with leaves How every Indian state adapted the ageold culinary technique to suit its taste. After Indias Strike on Pakistan Both Sides Leave Room for Deescalation. Just putting it out there. A Film On Periods In India Won An Oscar But Low Cost Pad Schemes Are Putting Women In Debt. Balakot Govt Leaves It To Friendly Media To Provide Strike Details. How to write a blog post WhatYouRemind. Highway to the Danger Zone Ride into the Danger Zone: [removed]. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. Which sunscreen do you use: Summer time is here and a good sunscreen goes a long way. Do you recommend any good sunscreen. PriyaRamani Big show of support at Patiala House Court. An ecofriendly dry toilet can change rural sanitation but Swachh Bharat Mission is ignoring it. [serious] Theres a big ass spider in my room on the ceiling.: I just came back from office to my room and found this big ass spider on the ceiling. I always feared spiders and since i live alone far away from home Ive to get rod of it somehow overcoming my fear. How i get rid of it guys. No Syllabus Stigmas UP Village Has Indias First AllGirls Agricultural School. If we give the Hasdeo forest where will we go Jainandan Porte on mining protests in Chhattisgarh. DignityMarch2019 families of minors seek justice. Growing Up A Dalit Child In SmallTown India By Yashica Dutt. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. Girl Allegedly GangRaped In Bihar Accused Post Photos Online. The Indian sanitary pad makers story won Best Documentary at Oscars. Dot in place of upvote count in r/India: [removed]. Eco India How can farmers thrive without using chemical fertilisers. Eco India Meet the unsung heroes who help in cleaning the Yamuna everyday. The Saligao Blues Goas global village. What to do with the population: I cannot help but realize that most of our problems stem from our unsustainable growth in population. We obviously do not have so much immediate resources to effectively self govern ourselves in a civilized manner. Historically across the world war and diseases have been good checks on populations but it is horrifying to even think about it now. Are there any modern solutions to maintain a healthy and civil population with equal and quality resource allocation to the majority . Eco India A Pune woman is making sure waste is not wasted. Before foreign cars came to India there was foreignlooking Contessa that defined class. [NP] 25 of rape cases in India are false cases according to Guardian. Anil Agarwal Environment Training Institute is one of the greenest campuses in India. Girls who went missing from Patna shelter home found. An immersive look into todays Kashmir Part 1. Girl 15 thrown off terrace for resisting rape bid in UP. Virgin Tree Puja Nahi Chalegi What led to a scuffle at Hindu College on Valentines Day. Political views deemed unpalatable Sumanth Raman dropped from DDs sports quiz show. 7 girls go missing from Patna shelter home cops sound alert launch hunt. Cauvery Chronicles II Ponnis Perish TR Vivek travels downstream of Cauvery in Tamil Nadu and finds a river in decay. BCCI CEO Rahul Johri undergoes gender sensitisation counselling. An Indian artist is drawing attention to womens fraught relationship with their breasts. Feels Indian man. Remembering Maulana Abul Kalam Azad on his 61st death anniversary. In 1923 he said that I will relinquish Swaraj rather than give up Hindu Muslim Unity. But today India has forgotten Maulana Azad.. Study links declining native vegetation to water stress in Kali basin. As Aadhaar amendment Bill lapses Indian policymakers should rethink the digital identity project. Kerala rape case Sister Lucy who protested against accused bishop says sexual abuse is rampant in Church. Pakistan links Pulwama attack to upcoming Lok Sabha election. Air Marshal Dr Pawan Kapoor AVSM VSM and BAR Spoke on Affordable Medical Education amp Health Care. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. As an Indian.... Do you also feel Aaj Tak shows way too many ads. Inspired by 6YO Daughter Pune Man Helps Remove 50000 Nails from 6000 Trees. KisanLongMarch 2.0 Nearly 50000 farmers are marching to Mumbai. 1 million tribals face eviction from forest lands Did Centres apathy cause this crisis. Buy long kurtis online Best long kurtis online Raspberryeves: [removed]. Food stall owner in Chhattisgarh offers 10 discount on chicken leg piece if customers says Pakistan Murdabad.. What will you order today. Holy shit Google I was just trying to find if Ranveer Singh rapped for real in Gully Boy.. Datagrabbing the victim card targeted ads fake news How to win an Indian election. Mega capital city underpaid migrant workers. 14 sheep and goats found tied and stacked in Bluru auto driver booked for cruelty. Horrible Experience to select the DTH Channels Poor job TRAI you are Failing once again: It has been a pathetic experience to choose the TV channels. The monthly cost has increased as compared to what we use to pay earlier. Its difficult to choose the channels and keep the cost in check. Irrespective of whatever channels combination we choose final outcome is more cost and less channels as compared to what we were getting previously. On top of that it has become tough to speak to customer care team wait time has increased before we could speak with a customer care rep. Moreover our DTH provider customer care reps are not having much clarity about the packages. Not so good job AIRTEL. this is how i treat cows. Elephants in a reserve forest along IndiaBangladesh border struggle for survival. In Jharkhands tribal areas toothless laws against witch hunting hand land mafias tool to target female landowners. In India ewaste recycling comes at a heavy cost to workers health and environment. Go home Flipkart you are drunk. Wapsi The Returning 2005. Holy Matrimony 2011. Alright ive heard enough of uniformed opinions on Kashmir and had to post this.: [removed]. Gaubolombe Our Island 2007. Mumbai Woman Allegedly Raped After Drink Was Spiked At Her Birthday Party. Saving The Wild Wildlife Rescue And Rehabilitation. Kashmir What is the end game: In the middle of all the carnage and chest thumping I cannot seem to figure out what is the end game in Kashmir for India Pakistan and the Kashmiris ampx200B The way I see it there are 4 possible ways to solve this. ampx200B 1. India invades Pakistan and takes back Kashmir. \ This essentially means a nuclear war and I dont see any Government right wing or otherwise being OK with tens of millions of their people dying and the countries thrown back in to stone age. 2. Plebiscite in Kashmir with option to join either India or Pakistan as per UN resolution \ No Government in India will agree to this and the UN resolution is worded so vaguely that it is impossible to implement. 3. Independent Kashmir. \ No Government in India or I believe Pakistan is going to agree to this. 4. Make Line of Control the actual border. \ While this seems like a reasonable solution there will be a lot of opposition by the Pakistan armywhich essentially runs the country given the number of lives lost and for any Government in India giving up the Kashmir is an integral part of Indialine is essentially political suicide. Not to mention the Kashmiris who wont really jump with joy. ampx200B I cannot see any of the 4 solutions being feasible. So the only way forward I can see is the status quo where we fight a low intensity war where no win will win and hundred of Soldiers and civilians will die. ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B. Families separated by the search for fodder. Protest outside apartment after maid alleges torture by police. Wetlands to wastebins Mumbais diverse habitats house hundreds of bird species. Cops said she eloped Did TN police apathy cost 15yearold missing girl her life. Journos Receive Threats and Dick Pics WhatsApp Steps in to Help. Taj Mahotsava 2019 A Festival of Art Culture and Cuisine: [removed]. [Serious] Booking tickets for parents for Char Dham Yatra. Any suggestions/pointers before I book the tickets: Fathers age 59 Mothers age 57. Both physically fit. Mom wants to do the Char Dham Darshan this year. I wont get a leave of two weeks hence sending them via a tour operator who takes a batch of 5060 people in May. Any suggestions/points/things to keep in mind before I do the booking or for the Yatra overall. PayTM mall service center scam[Post made to create awareness]: [removed]. Customize folders Icon With Different Colors In Windows Folder Colorizer. Uncle Turns Monster Rapes 18Month Old Baby Throws Her In Farmland In MP. Thats how much they are obsessed with. Songs of the past How a nomadic community preserves records of Karnatakas ancestral bloodlines. No Gully Boy is not a great film. Heres why. A wasteland of lost farm work. Sanjoy Sachdev Is the founder of Indias famed Love Commandos a fraud. Indians what if we remove the pakistani landmass precisely from border to border after annihilating their land Let arabian sea expand inward and our bond with middle east be strengthened... Ready for Sex Stalker Posts Photo of Journo amp Threatens Her. How the accused in Malayalam actor sexual assault case have delayed justice for 2 yrs. Is Programming/Analytics the only way to make money and Succeed in todays India: Hey everyone ampx200B I just wanted to check in with you all to understand the realities of todays job market in India. I personally know or heard of so many 1st and 2nd degree connections who are minting crazy money by being a Computer engineer or Analytics and related fields. Some of them are even straight out of college non IIT/NITs. I am someone who has always been horrible with Math and I barely passed my regular engineering in a random fuck all field. I tried learning both coding and Data analytics online but I could not succeed no matter how much I try I tried for nearly a year with absolute dedication and My neighbour kid who is 15 made more progress than me in 2 months. I am 26 year old guyfrom a lower middle class family with my own share of personal and Financial problems and I was hoping to make a career out of myself. I was hoping to get an idea of the current job market in India. Would appreciate any answers here.. [R] hey friends do you recommend phone or laptop for games long term general use: I have a 2010 Dell vostro that works fine for me but doesnt run the latest games. We didnt upgrade our phones to Android 5 while theyre releasing more powerful and latest phones every week in the market. My brother wants to play pubg hes tried using bluestacks on laptop but our laptop has a low ram and doesnt have a graphic card so in any case the game doesnt work. He wants to play pubg because his friends play that too and they do it multiplayer and he misses out. So my parents have finally decided to get him either a tablet or a laptop. I went through some old posts on this sub and it seems you guys dont recommend Android tablets and iPad is a little oof for my young brother. In phones you guys love Redmi pro Mi A series some of you like Moto G. I did look up Mi 4GB to 64GB and expandable looked like a good ratio to me but how reliable for games In laptops I would like some 2019 latest affordable working Punjabi laptop under 10000 D suggestions. No I dont want iBall 10x10 laptop. Since my brother is in school Id like my parents to invest in a long term plan. Apple products are long term but its not reasonable. I hope hell play games less and do school work more in the coming years till he gets into college. Ive done all my readings on phone laptop only for drafting but I dont really like myopia so guys think of him as your brother too.. whats better a phone or a laptop Budget upto 30000 for laptop 15000 for phone. I still have Dell laptop for school work though. . Request Boycott / Report comments on r/Islam or r/Pakistan celebrating the Pulwama attack: [removed]. The birth of a new motovlogger but he is an mototrcycles lover from genesis no bulshit and only pure content threfore i took these oaths.. watch and enjoy. From a guy who was paying 340/month for all the HD SD channels Hindi Eng under a long term pack through Dish TV I am now being made/forced to pay 326 just for the only channels HDSD broadcasted by Sony and Colors. TRAI tell me how did the new rule lowered my costs.: Just want to say from the bottom of my heart gtScrew you TRAI. . HowToBuy BIS Hallmark goldWith complaint App GoldSecrets/English subtitle: [removed]. Are you the victim of same. Small meal big deal for hungry students. TV channels idea of revenge for Pulwama Quizzing Army veterans and declaring studio war. Kerala Thalassery POCSO court sentences Catholic priest Robin Vadakkumchery to 20 years rigorous imprisonment for rapingampimpregnating a minor girl in Kannur. He has been sent to 60 yrs rigorous imprisonment in 3 charges including rape. He can serve all the 3 sentences together. [ANI Twitter]. Kottiyur rape case Father Robin Vadakkumcherry found guilty by Kerala court. Unregistered driver rapes 26yearold tech firm employee in Uber in Greater Noida. Mahim Creek is a Garbage Dump We Want Authorities to Take Action. How the recent hailstorm wreaked havoc on this Greater Noida village. Bharat Ka Veer. What to say: ampx200B [Reply to GG]https//i.redd.it/do43dhvcdrg21.png. How Telugu associations helped students trapped in the US Farmington University sting. Brother desperately seeking justice for her sister. She was raped 3 days ago yet no measure has been taken because the criminal is from an influential family.. Loss of Rs 29000 crore A study maps the economic reasons why India needs more than one time zone. How six nuns from Kerala defied a culture of obedience to confront Franco Mulakkal. Chennai Police How Can You Pick Up amp Thrash My Minor Son. Wreath laying ceremony of soldiers who lost their lives in Pulwama attack at CRPF camp in Budgam. India will not forget.. Hyderabad Couple Forced To Marry By Hindu Activists On Valentines Day. We must help this man his sister was raped and he is demanding justice: Original Twitter thread [Here]https//mobile.twitter.com/imesiddharth/status/1095893488594546688s19 I was scrolling through FB and I came across a distressing post with this link. So I thought I should share it to r/india to help this person spread his word for justice.. Latest Government Jobs 201920 Notification. Migrant Nation. Honor.. Gujjar quota stir Todays protesters are descendants of the GurjarPratiharas once among Indias grandest empires. Farmers or corporates Who benefits from Andhra Pradeshs natural farming project. BJP IT Cell is brigading against this sub in thr new announcement thread from spez.: [removed]. No trees planted by BDA in Bengaluru in 2 years Green cover to reduce to 2.96 in 2020. Shakuntala Devi Puzzles: I have made a drive link to download pdf of puzzles from the book Shakuntala Devi figuring the joy of numbers. It mostly has tips and tricks for solving math efficiently but there are some cool puzzlers. LINK https//drive.google.com/file/d/1NyIa4gw4zSaPWTm9qbSAhCCJKiOMt3b/viewuspsharing. The grizzled giant squirrel struggles to survive in the face of habitat loss. Silence on Reverse Discrimination in Sikkim is Bad for Democracy. Man bites another man who objected to assault on dog. With All Eyes on Science Social Science Scholars Flounder With Even Less Money. We ought to do this my fellow desh bhakts. Misogyny and Racism as Spectacle and Performance A Critique of Mahesh Shantarams The African Portraits and Forbidden Love. Unknown assailants attack couple in Andhra police launch probe after womans death. Shashi Tharoor Youve Put Liberals in a Spot. We Now Have to Defend Arnab Goswami. Woman Dragged Out Of Car Allegedly GangRaped By 10 In Punjab. Dragged from inside car 21yearold raped by 10 men near Ludhiana.  200 http//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/02/200.htmlm1. Kerala Bride BodyShamed After Her Wedding Photo Went Viral on WhatsApp 5 Held by Police. Soon after their photo appeared in a newspaper it was circulated on WhatsApp with sexist bodyshaming messages.. Delhi 5yearold raped by sanitation worker inside public toilet. Former India fast bowler Amit Bhandari assaulted at U23 state trials. Its 100 years of Jallianwala Bagh not that you would know if you were at the memorial. Students in Darjeeling Find Novel Ways to Keep the Town Clean. Woman dragged from inside car allegedly raped by 10 men near Punjabs Ludhiana. I dont feel like Im a teacher. Chennai man finds bloodstained bandage in food while eating complains to Swiggy. Indians cant do STEM. On how many fronts can I fight. Kerala rape case Despite Jalandhar diocese PROs letter confirming ouster from convent protesting nuns remain defiant. Why Does India Have the Lowest Divorce Rate in the World Because Log Kya Kahenge. CPI M MLA regrets insulting Renu Raj IAS womens panel files suo motu case. Housing crisis in Australia. Similar events happening in India as well no regulations bad construction overpriced houses etc a housing crisis in India is going to happen soon. Woman forced to marry fatherinlaw raped to remarry husband. Adani escapes liability even as CBI prosecutes others for similar coal fraud. got a crush on Stalin . Doesnt have brains Kerala CPIM MLAs remark on woman IAS officer. Groom falls in drain after bridge collapses due to baraat dance in Noida. Confessions of a HalfMother Why I Had an Abortion Even Though I Wanted to Keep the Baby. How every level of Indias healthcare system failed a pregnant woman in Bundelkhand. Intoxicated man harasses Kerala women on train for an hour bystanders do nothing. Weekly movie reviews: [removed]. 10YearOld Girl Raped By Sweeper Inside Civic BodyRun Delhi School. Cost Of A RAW Deal In Jammu Former Spies Wage A Lonely Battle For Recognition. Life Before Prime Time From saree salesgirl to lower division clerk first jobs of the famous. Nuns Rape Case Against Bishop Shakes a Catholic Bastion in India. Of bunk beds and kitchenettes A fun camper trip to Karnatakas Sakleshpur. Meet Jabna Indias Youngest Sarpanch Who Banned Public Drinking [January 2019]. Now I got ithow he became employee of the year.... Now I got it how he became Employee of the year ... 1146544px. Indian Constitution grants us freedom but apparently a guy and a girl cant stand and talk on the road without being threatened of prostitution.: We did get our freedom at 15th August 1947 right Then why cant a guy and a girl just fucking stand in the road without being threatened of being a prostitute And mind it they were not even holding hands or being sexually explicit in any way. They were standing and conversing when the local bhosdiwaale chacha comes out of his home and threatens to call the police or beat them up and accuse them of prostitution. This happened today not in some rural area but in a metro city like Chennai. And you know whats worse This is not the first time I heard an incident like this. This has been done by other uncles and aunties to us before. Somehow a girl cant just stand and talk to a guy without being a prostitute. Thats the mentality of the fucking society were living in. It just makes me cringe every time I think about it. ampx200B P.S. If you dont understand my viewpoint picture it like this. Imagine your sister getting called as a randi repeatedly and loudly so that the entire neighborhood can hear by a local uncle outside your home. Im sure youll now feel the rage Im having in me right now.. Where Are The Jobs There Is A Real And Growing Unemployment Crisis In India. Layoffs at VICE India editorinchief asked to go. Mental Health in India a joke or what : [removed]. Nagaland Will Never Be Part of India Welcome to Khonoma Village. I Had Given Up On Being Vegan In India But Writing This Changed My Mind. To all the parents who complain that their kid is addicted to PUBGM your kid shouldnt be even playing the damn game.. Indias Abandoned Wives Women Left by NRI Spouses Cry for Help. Domestic help gang raped filmed blackmailed for months in Delhi. ParleG Reinventing a biscuit empire. Scientists take a step towards IndiaPakistan cooperation to fight air pollution. [Commentary] Rewilding is an exciting new narrative of recovery and hope. My experience at Moustache hostel Rishikesh: [removed]. Two Indians Found Batmans Tumbler Covered In Dust In Dubai. Hi everyone..: So i have been in great sadness for many days and i am sharing it with You...The thing is..my boards are happening now and my father is ill..He was hospitalized for a couple of days for heart problems. They said that he had problems in heart muscle..So his pumping is reduced to 25..Today we took the scans and found that its 14 now.. The doctors are saying that his chance of survival are less and he needs a heart transplant soon..I cant concentrate on my board preps now...What to do Also does anyone know any good hospitals which provide the facility and its cost too.. Im from Kerala btw.. I thank you all for reading.. Reddit was the only place to share... Indian Students Arent Abusing the US Visa System American Universities Are. From toilet breaks to cancer tests Bhima Koregaon accused in Pune prison forced to fight for basics. 67yearold man 24yearold woman get married in Punjab high court asks police to ensure their safety. Guest is God Attractive Tourism Attracting Tourists in India. My first Alcoholic Drink experience: So yesterday i was invited to a late night party and there was a lot of alcohol and i thought why not try it Well i have pledged never to smoke or do drugs but Alcohol was in my todo list. At least i wanted to try. I started with Beer and i suppose it was a mistake. It was fucking horrible. The taste wanted me to throw up anytime and i dont know what happened i jumped from Beer to Scotch Whisky and Rum. All were horrible in taste and i cannot perceive why people like them so much. Only difference was the degree of shittiness. Nevertheless i got to experience what really happens when your Body meets alcohol. I felt lightheaded but nothing sort of the television drunk illustration. Anyway i woke up to a slight headache. Review Party was worth it and at least i completed on of the tasks in my todo list but Alcohol isnt some sort of magical drink which you would fall in love with it. Beer is fucking pathetic. ampx200B ampx200B. Shocking Says Madhuri Dixit On MeToo Allegations Against Alok Nath Soumik Sen. 19 year old and her father are dragged out of home by 6 men and taken outside the village where the father is beaten and then the daughter is raped in front of him. Patna India.. How Indias Biggest Diamond Traders Accidentally Leaked Customer Data Online. Subhash Chandra Bose and Heinrich Himmler Nazi Germany. Girl gangraped in front of her father in Bihars Kishanganj. 19YearOld Raped by 6 Men in Bihar Father Forced to Watch No Arrests After 24 Hours. 18yrold hung from tree in Bengal father alleges gang rape. Freedom to choose AR Rahman defends daughter Khatijas right to wear niqab. Will scrape Triple Talaq Law if we come to power Congress leader: Sushmita Dev said in Congress minority convention. That this is a method of Modi to jail Muslim men.. Enough Is Enough Top Courts Stiff Warning To Bihar Over Shelter Rapes. Family of eightyearold gang rape survivor told to vacate house given by BJP govt in Madhya Pradesh. With increasing human encroachment wild animals have nowhere to go. Harvest TV and its birthing troubles. Kangana Ranaut Queen Regnant. Mahua Moitra Is The Only Politician Stopping Modi Govt From Creeping On Your Inbox. Nagpur horror Mothers livein boyfriend rapes her 19yearold daughter arrested. Top WhatsApp Official Says Indian Political Parties Misuse the App. Cops turn moral police in Madurai Round up adult couples from park call their parents. Ktaka headmaster refuses to help in minors marriage plot gets attacked. Stalker stabs minor girl multiple times in broad daylight in Hyderabad victim critical. Man stops Mumbai cop for riding without helmet ends up in jail. India events: why we choose [indiaeve.com.]https//indiaeve.com... because it is fastest growing online event promotion website in India. You will never have to miss favourite events .. More it is a free event listing portal. 4600 Engineers MBAs Apply For 14 Sweepers Job In Tamil Nadu Assembly. My mom is having sudden diarrhoea in the middle of night. What can I do: Please help. I will take her to doc in the morning. I have given her isabgol and antacid. She seems better than she was but still not able to sleep because of constant toilet visits. . TIL more than 33000 Muslims have been killed by Hindus in extremist violence while about 3500 Hindus Sikhs Christians Foreigners etc have been killed by Muslim extremist violence in independent India: [removed]. Almost gone How the Gangetic Dolphin is struggling to cope with the Gangas increasing salinity. Interview Men and women report similar levels of workplace bias in Indias engineering sector. Jamias Fine Arts Department is bustling with unheard harassment complaints. No None Of Us Should Have to Fix An Abusive Marriage. Why Pet Owners Are Not Always Animal Lovers. 3 church priests allegedly rape teen girl charged under POCSO Act in Mysuru. Honour killing Man kills daughter in Andhra Pradesh. India the antibiotic capital of the world. Meera Sanyal didnt win any elections but she did make a difference in her beloved Mumbai. Can any Tamilians pls explain why the leader of a militant organization is on a poster publicly portrayed so good. Raju was here Why in the world do Indians vandalise heritage monuments. [R]I havent filled tax returns for a few years. Not sure how to proceed. Need advice.: [removed]. Do you know the negative sources of energy in your house. Back to the roots They quit jobs and left cities to become the new farmers of today [February 2018]. The secondclass soldiers Why the BSF jawans death doesnt spark any outrage and/or critical thinking among Indians. Does Indias low rank on global divorce rate indexes mean happy marriages or social pressure. Be An Believer. Hi Everyone: So these months are very important for me and lakhs of others. Yes i am facing my Boards from this 5th of FebISC Board. I have been very poor in academics. I dont know why whatever i do to improve it doesnt work. I havent passed in chemistry in my 12th till now. The school models were hell for me. I failed for 4 at the 1st model then 2 for the 2nd model. I have been working really hard to Ace the tests but the results are always a failure. I dont know what to do. I am loosing my faith nowadays.. Any suggestions for me to improve Or any help Every comment would be valuable. Thanks for reading.. The law in India and other countries rests on what reasonable person would do. Who is this person. Watch Biker grievously injured after TN cop hits motorcycle with his lathi. JLF 2019 Reigning Stars and Falling Trees. 20 Minutes of Horror Lessons From a Brutal Attack on My Son. Rajasthan Alwar gang rape case 3 arrested after BSP leader threatens to burn their houses. Alwar gang rape case 3 arrested after BSP leader threatens to burn their houses. [Serious] What if Modi comes back in 2019: What would happen if Narendra Modi comes back to power in 2019 A lot of people say that no one would get complete majority but he is not the kind of person who would let it go easily. He would do anything to be in power. I was thinking about how India would be after 2019 if he wins. Sometimes I am petrified and get depressed. The manner in which lies have been legitimized spewing venom against people is no more frowned upon shameless crony capitalism and everything is marketing and full of drama acting and narcissism. All the ideas of karma looks bleak to me. People are shamelessly doing wrong things in any party yet they reach high. You can kill a judge lie completely deny your acts and yet you are good to go. How is the principles of karma acting here The anchors we know who they are constantly spread communalism hate and cant stop their bhakti will never get punished. And this will be the new India where if you want to move to the top spread hatred and lie shamelessly and get drowned in bhakti. I want this to stop. At least they can talk in a civilized way cant they Besides that the amount of shit which gets circulated through whatsapp is enormous. Every day some stupid message rings full of either propaganda or falsehood. History is being re written without any facts. I wonder if their will be any space for questioning brains because anyone who questions gets fucked. People who can think and use their own brain are hated and suppressed. I wonder if we can move forward with that kind of attitude. I believe these acts to attack such brains will damage the attitude of rest of Indians. We need schools colleges hospitals etc not like the American model where Corporations squeeze out your money what I see as an outsider never been there and lot of Americans get expensive education health etc but rather a Scandinavian or European approach is better. So what I fear is after 2019 the amount of brain washing and bhakti would be enormous and at a bigger scale . I dont want to see that picture it petrifies me. I just want Indians to be calm and stay sane. A India where you can not be a bhakt and still rise above. Am I thinking too much . Pollution check Potters in Delhi scramble for solutions after court order shuts woodfired kilns. Greater protection of Hampi sought after damaging video goes viral.. Two teenage girls found hanging from electric pole in Uttar Pradesh. Heer Ranjha And A Moms Hitmen A 19 Year Long Quest For Justice For Murdered Wife. Drastic Landslide at SrinagarJammu National Highway Students stuck in the disaster for 5 days.. How an artist gets away with MeToo autopsy of an apology. Indias female college students are fighting for their right to stay out after dark. Alien invasive species may hitch a ride through Chinas Belt and Road Initiative into India. India is reportedly the fifth deadliest country for journalists in the world. In the last of our series on media censorship in the subcontinent we get some perspective from a region that often misses the scrutiny of the national media the Northeast. 13 waiter jobs in Maharashtra govt go to 12 college graduates and a 12th pass. Watch How years of drought has forced people of Anantapur to migrate. Woman techie booked for kidnapping man who stalked her. Chennai cab driver alleges harassment by cops in video kills himself Protests ensue. Courting Controversy Surya Kant chief justice of Himachal Pradesh likely to be elevated to SC despite allegations of corruption and tax evasion. Peon Jobs In HP For 10th Pass 2019 [New Job Vacancies In Shimla]. We are like pizza. Early Indians were just the base Tony Joseph. Questions Curiosity Accusations The story of a divorced Indian man. No Evidence Against Teltumbde Cops Seek Delay To Deny Justice. National Clean Air Programme Is Unlikely To Improve Indias Air Quality. Paise Nahin Hain How MiddleClass Mentality Builds Character and Makes You Happy. Revati Laul on Gujarat riots and The Anatomy of Hate. How Kerala is Transforming into Hartals Own Country. Aspiring Youtuber in the making. Rape Culprits Hanged In 3 Days 7 Days PM Modi. Fact No Hanging Since 2004. People in real estate business or who know someone in real estate how has GST affected your business: Has your business suffered or is the trend just down due to other causes. ANI on Twitter PM Narendra Modi in Surat There used to be rapes in this country earlier too it is a shame that we still hear about such cases. Now culprits are hanged within 3 days 7days 11 days amp a month. Steps are being taken continuously to get daughters justice amp results are evident. You can check out for original bollywood itunes songs: [removed]. PM Narendra Modi in Surat There used to be rapes in this country earlier too it is a shame that we still hear about such cases. Now culprits are hanged within 3 days 7days 11 days amp a month. Steps are being taken continuously to get daughters justice amp results are evident. Kerala Congress Leader Allegedly Raped Tribal Teen For A Year Missing. [Economics] Indepth Why Rahul Gandhis minimum income promise can be a reality. From Winning Miss India to Battling Cancer Nafisa Ali Gets Candid. Jailed Manipur Scribes Wife Seems Like He is Being Silenced. Bengaluru cops caught on camera assaulting woman shoving her out of police station. Making money while the sun shines How farmers in this Gujarat village use and sell clean energy: [deleted]. Ktaka womens march demanding prohibition arrives in Bengaluru despite tragic death. How to appreciate guys without sounding gay: I dont understand why people think you are gaymeetha when you appreciate a guy to another guy. Isnt it abnormal and weird thinking of others. Shouldnt shows like Crime Patrol be banned and taken off air: Many criminals are directly influenced by these shows and all they spread is negativity. Anyone else thinks the same Can we collectively take a step to do something about it. What are some good exams to give to improve your languages English: I was just bored and thought of doing something interesting. Particularly doing something to improve my english. So I thought of clearing an exam by preparing for it. I know there is IELTS. But then theres also CAE and what not by british council or Cambridge. Anybody has recommendations or would like to educate me on these things I am just thinking of utilising free time and improving my language. . Who names their brand pages like this . Like Most Of Bollywood Sanju Producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra Mum On Sexual Assault Allegations Against Rajkumar Hirani. The Power of Community Summit Bangalore: [removed]. Sacred groves of north Kerala The last refuge for biodiversity amongst urbanisation. They are boycotting us Kathuas Bakerwal family returns home a year after their childs murder. Calling out casteism in the dance world has made me an outsider Nrithya Pillai. Desi Parent Trap Abhi Mehnat Kar Lo You Can Enjoy Later. An Animal Lover and a Meat Eater The Pain of Being Punjabi and Vegetarian. Call Me By My Name Not Surname. Things to Know About the Vedagrishvara Temple in Mahabalipuram. When our government cracks down on porn indtead of rape /. Where is the Kerala boat ferrying Indian emigrants from Delhi to New Zealand Nobody seems to know. As Bhopal is recast as a Smart City its poor have a question wheres the room for us. The missing girls of south India Why drastic drop in sex ratio at birth is unsurprising. Kapil Sibalbacked HTN News blacked out channel blames Modi govt. Almost Lovers The Ones Who Make Heartbreak Bearable. How to Survive in an Age of Multiplying Desires and Zero Ambition. The urgent need for improved safety on Indias trains. Review SelfAware but Not Sentimental Conversations With the Unglamorous Wild. Its destroying lives by the minute. When will Delhi declare war on pollution. The Psychology of Divorce What Happens When a Marriage Unravels. Abusive marriage may have driven Anliya to suicide Cop on death of Kerala woman. Delhi Woman Kills 30yearold Son for Objecting to Her Livein Relationship. Man tries to help accident victim gets robbed held for over 2 hours in Noida. Need a personal Hindi translator: HelloI can only speak English but can understand read and write Hindi. I just need help with informal translation of regular everyday situations. If you can type in devanagari script itd be great. Ill only be pestering you about thrice a week. Im from western Maharashtra if the dialect makes any difference. I just need the simplest shortest most informal translations. All help is appreciated.. What steps can I take to improve my personality [Serious]: I think I am a funny guy with a good sense of humor. Although the humor is only visible when I am with my limited number of close friends. Otherwise I am an introvert and pretty boring. What other things can I work that can improve my personality in general. Help I would like to become an architect: but im 32 years old and I have no education and I am from a rural area of India the nearest airport to me is 3 hours away and the nearest city is one and a half hours away. I am mentioning this because there is literally nobody I can talk to about this or ask. I am from a joint family and when I was 16 because of certain family circumstances and being the eldest child in the entire family I had to quit studying to take care of the family business. It was always my dream since childhold to become an architect but I was an average student and my family has an established business so I was coaxed into joining the family business so I gave up on my dream promising myself that one day I will accomplish it. Well that day has come Im at a stage in life where I am financially secure enough to be able to afford both the time and money required to get a good education. I am not doing this as a hobby but I want to seriously pursue architecture as a career because our business is well handled now due to my younger brothers having grown up and handling things. What are the steps I need to take from here to becoming an actual architect I am very ignorant about academics so imagine you are talking to a 16 year old. . This Mumbai lawyer couple is Opposing Marathas Reservations Despite Threats To Their Lives. Why This Nun Is Fighting Against Sexual Abuse In Indias Churches Despite Threats. UP Police constable exam 13 held from Lucknow Mathura Agra and Firozabad for rigging using unfair means. Why Kangana Ranaut Needs Manikarnika To Be a Success. I am done. I am a failure. I dont want to live anymore.: [removed]. Today its crimes against wildlife. Tomorrow it will be crimes against you. Fifty labourers return to manual scavenging despite participating in Delhi govts skill development programme. Was thinking of my brother Naveen Patnaiks sister Gita Mehta on declining Padma Shri award. Complete List of Padma Awardees 2019. Elderly Scare People Above 60 Commit 8.5 Per Cent Of Sexual Offences In India. As a kid I wasnt scolded for beating up a boy. That taught me I can beat patriarchy every day my way. Rubaru Roshni Aamir Khan is here with another film to make you cry. This time the stories are real. Elderly couple forced to beg to pay bribe for land documents in Telangana. Our Sacrifice Is Invisible Indias Private Security Guards. Rohit Shettys Simmba is a throwback to Hindi films depiction of rape as entertainment. Request for Reddiquette. My friends period is late this month and..: [removed]. [Reddiquette] Im feeling delusional. Am I mentally sick: The delusions are telling me that theres a completely different form of reality that I am suppressing. Am alternate way of living. And it is saying that its my current way of living which is delusional instead. To make things clear Im referring to illusion by the word delusional. I should give you a perspective. I feel I should run away from the current way of life because it is a lot of words and symbols. Like job future girlfriend etc. I feel like starting from the scratch and rejecting everything world has to offer. I know a few places where even food and living wont be problem. Theres therefore this conflict Im going through therefore. . SonRise ordinary men in an extraordinary fight. At times without mamma I feel desperate says daughter of jailed lawyer Sudha Bharadwaj. Why translocating elephants may not be the ideal way out of mananimal conflict. More women would have called out Vairamuthu if I was treated better Chinmayi. [SERIOUS]What are the best paying nontechnical jobs in India: [removed]. 19 bonded labourers rescued from Rajasthan brick kiln. Lack of jobs in India drove migrants on to boat for New Zealand say relatives. Maharashtra Gramin Bank and Bajaj Allianz officials dupe debtridden farmers promise crop loan only on purchase of insurance policy. Dietary diversity behaviour change in Indians key to better health and environment. A Rampur Lawyer Tells Us How Crimes Are Committed Legally in His Town. Republic Day military parades outdated Sovietera show or tradition worth preserving. The disappearing stray dogs of south India. Mansi Dixit murder in Mumbai 19yearold killed model for saying no to sex. Baeless in Bombay When Mr Narcissist Meets Cool Girl. Govindas Nephew Found Dead at Andheri Residence. MeToo How Deccan Chronicle Failed The Accuser And Accused. Wildlife and Forest Rights Groups Have Shared Interests. Why Dont They Work Together. NL Interviews Sneak Peek of Abhinandan Sekhri in conversation with Zakka Jacob. Complaint against actor Bhanupriya for allegedly harassing 14yrold domestic help. How Discrimination Against Girl Children Can Be Addressed. Theres No Reason for Women to Celebrate their Entry to Sabarimala. I Will Not Say Sorry Says Kanakadurga After Family Disowns Her For Sabarimala Visit. Pizza delivered cold law student fires at staff arrested. Trash on the menu From scouring forests to a diet of fast foods we are ruining the eating habits of wild animals and birds. The death of a young Kerala domestic abuse victim and her fathers fight for justice. Hit by unemployment Haryana youths overlook threat to life police action to join cow vigilante groups for livelihood. Jassi Sidhu honour killing Canada extradites mother uncle to India after 19 years. Former ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar husband named accused in Rs 3250 crore loan case. Hardik Pandya KL Rahul interim suspensions lifted by BCCI CoA pending appointment of Ombudsman. The period taboos of Tamil Nadu and why they arent going away anytime soon. Karan Johar On Bollywood Sucking Up To Modi MeToo And Heartbreak. Kitne Attempts Huye What Failing CA Exams 8 Times Taught Me About Life. [SERIOUS] Whats a desi quote / saying which you use in life the most: A wise saying perhaps introduced to you by parents / grandparents / favourite aunt or maybe even a sagely rickshaw wala Or during an all nighter when the usually quiet friend drops a line worth its weight in gold. Try posting the quote in its original form irrespective of the language and then translate it some lines have that uniquely vernacular essence that might not exactly come through with the same effect in Hindi / English but we could try . How Are Indias Plastic Waste Imports Increasing. How the Vishwanath Corridor Is Trampling the Soul of Kashi. Priyanka Gandhis formal entry into politics has enthused party workers but she wont have it easy. BJP quick to criticise Priyanka Gandhis appointment but will it question its own allies on dynastic succession. Since were going th[r]ough some JDs.... Air pollution in Bengaluru to go up by 74 by 2030 Study. Karan Johar on Hardik Pandya Controversy I Feel Responsible Because It Was My Show. Five women get raped a day in Kerala. MeToo JLF regulars Seth Bhagat Dua to miss event. To all CA Finalists all the best for your results today. Hope you all come out with flying colours.. Environmental Test Chamber Manufacturers. Mumbai Woman gangraped twice five held. Marriage Between Hindu Woman amp Muslim Man Irregular SC. Gaya murder case Despite key arrest locals sceptical of polices version of events demand for CBI probe grows. Five booked for allegedly sexually harassing Bengaluru woman at apartment complex. Bengal couple held for killing girl child neighbours allege it is third. Must atone for sins Family of woman who made it to Sabarimala throws her out. This song has no right to be this good. Indian Parents Asking Beta Dus Saal Mein Kya Karoge is the OG 10YearChallenge. [Serious]Facebook has literally stolen my money. Does the Indian consumer court take cases against them: I added 2640 to my FB ad account. After a few days they disabled my account saying suspicious activity. I have been asking them to enable my account. They keep refusing. No reason was given for why the account is suspicious. Out of 2640 only 880rs came in my FB account. The rest never came into my account. I have given them my ID cards Driving License College ID card school passing certificate to prove that this account is not fake. Still they have refused to enable my account. I decided to leave Facebook for good. I asked them to then just give me back my money and to my shock they refused to give my money back too. Now how can i get my money back. This is clear cut fraud case. They are now saying that money will not be returned and i agreed to their Terms and conditions. How is such a fraud allowed Will Indian court take such case For 2500 rs. I wont go to court an do all such proceedings. my situation has become like this https//youtu.be/oPPDBfEUBRst20 TLDR added money to FB to run ad FB disables accnt saying suspicious activity within few days refusing to enable the acct also refusing to return back my money. Thank God we lack shame. We choke even foreign guests with our air again and again. [Commentary] Blanketing the Himalayan valleys smog knows no national boundaries. My life will be in danger Rapesurvivor nun tells CM as other nuns are transferred. The survivor nun and the four fellow nuns wrote a letter to Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan to intervene in the matter and consider their safety.. How much do you have or had saved by the age of 25 [Serious]: Please include the amount saved in 1. Cash 2. Assets 3. Equity I will start 1. 5 lakhs 2. None 3. 50k in a long term equity mutual fund I live with my parents in a house we rent.. Applications to the Legislative Assistants to Members of Parliament LAMP Fellowship 201920 are now open. The View at 40 Why Were Silent About Rajkumar Hirani amp Outraged Over Gillettes Advertising. Jamshedpur woman boyfriend kill her husband keep body in fridge before dumping it. I dont think HT knows what a furry is.. [NP] [Rant] Anyone else feel r/india has a vast majority of members who are so distanced from any reality : Asking this question to have a healthy discussion about this topic in this sub. I cant take the toxicity from this sub which has become a cesspool of negativity useless rants and pseudointellectuals. I feel like most members have a conformist mentality and pitchfork against anyone with a different/unpopular opinion. Most of the viewpointspoliticalreligiouseducation or what it may be argued by the majority here are not plausible by any chance but most members think thats the way to go. People tend to forget that India is a diverse country with 1.3 billion population and approach any topic as if it has to do with the 1000 odd active r/india ampx200B Is this sub even capable of producing 1 useful discussions or is it a lost cause. Why Kolkata is lamenting the end of a meat shop started by a Hungarian trapeze artist in the 1940s. We do not touch them Shocking caste discrimination in Karnataka district finds new study. MJ Akbar features on cover of Pravasi Bharatiya Divass booklet journalists ask if BJP has forgotten MeToo. Home Delivery in 1970s. Kashmirs iconic Dal lake is dying a slow death and authorities are fighting over it. Spotify in India. Why The Tamil Nadu Plastic Ban Took A Weight Off My Weary Shoulders. Could you please help us to pay my fathers medical bills. My father had a heart attack last month while visiting my brother in New Zealand for the first time. He doesnt have a medical insurance so we are quite unable to pay the huge medical bill of 55k on our own. Thank you. Halt the Hate An interactive website that documents reports of alleged hate crimes in India. One in Every Three UnderTrial Prisoners in India Is Either SC or ST Study. Law Cant Come To Rescue Of Such Person Madhya Pradesh High Court Confirms Death Penalty To Youth Accused Of Minors Rape amp Murder. This Court has the social responsibility to make the citizen of this country know that law cannot come to the rescue of such person on the basis of humanity.. Rape illegal detention extortionwelcome to Korseguda in Bastar. Husband succumbs to injuries day after wife killed in knife attack in Delhis Khyala accused arrested. The Delhi Development Authority Demonstrates How to Kill a Forest. Closeaide driver woman arrested for abetting Bhaiyyuji Maharaj suicide. Bhaiyyu Maharaj Shot Himself After Woman Disciple Blackmailed Him With Rape Complaint Say Police. Four Nuns Survivor Seek Kerala CMs Intervention On Transfer Issue. Woman delivers stillborn on road as Srinagar hospital refuses to admit her doctor removed. 15yrold Kerala girl murdered and buried by stalker cops arrest accused. Hey guys I recently started making Film Criticism videos. Would love your feedback. Made one on Why Cheat India.: [Video]https//youtu.be/YIiKn7JWND4 Let me know what you guys think about this. Itll be great to hear your views and opinions. Dear India: Just saw this man sitting on a milestone. He looked in his mid 20s. He wore a blue shirt underneath a little worn out jacket black pants and shoes. He sat there speaking to himself making weird actions. Sometimes hed hit his head using his handslike a monkey in movies. Sometimes he made actions as if he were speaking to someone in a conversation. He looked as if he was mentally ill. Everyone around him passed by him and one not even one spoke to him or even asked him for help. I was just thinking how our society has become today. When someone visits home we let him leave without tea and biscuits at minimum whether he needs it or not and whether hes an electrician or not. But when were outside we dont care about anyone no matter how desperately they need help. They can look in the worst of circumstances or even cry for help but nobody gives heed. How has our society become today just wondering.. Is it considered rape to ask a woman for consent before sex in India As the country gets more progressive and gays become accepted will gay men eventually be gang raped and set on fire afterwards as well. Pujas and Bhajans in your house Count us in: [removed]. [Career Advice] Switching from mechanical engineering to CS as a profession: I have worked for 2 yrs in the core mechanical industry and have seen very less growth amp less compensation for the amount of work I do. Its the same scenario almost everywhere in the field. Im thinking of switching to IT companies/startups. Is there any way I could do the same I know a bit of C Java but a bit is not sufficient. How should I proceed. Rape Survivor Shot Dead Allegedly For Not Withdrawing Case In Gurgaon. Gurgaon bouncer kills woman who accused him of rape hours before court statement. 93 per cent Delhiites dont know what AQI means Survey. [serious]My grandpa died due to negligence from hospital authorities. What actions can we take for legal actions: He was healthy 79 years old and could walk. Recently while going to bed he slipped and fell breaking his leg. he was fine till surgery with bit of pain. But after surgery the pain increased so much that he kept biting the sheets around him Even pain killers werent provided to him. Even the doctors never came on time What can be done if we want some legal actions regarding the doctors. Light pollution on the rise in India Study. Rape Survivor Shot Dead Allegedly For Not Withdrawing Case In Gurgaon. Veganism Not Just A Different Menu But An Alternative Way Of Relating To Living World. Future is Bleak Govt of No Help Aspiring Vet Doctors of Bikaner. Shashwat Bulusu Is Introducing a Harsher More Experimental Soundscape to FolkPop Music. O Gore Gore What It Means to be a FairSkinned Man in India. So i cut the cord and convinced my parents to join aboard. Apparently old people will learn anything as lomg as it saves money.: Will save 26k in 5 years. . Just got this on the pm maybe the mods want to keep an eye out: [removed]. In India is it considered rape to ask for consent before sex Is using a toilet actually illegal or just heavily socially discouraged When you take a woman out on a gang rape date whats the etiquette on who pays for the petrol to burn her alive afterwards The man or do they split it. The push to drive indigenous people out of forests. Tales of cruelty and compassion from a home for destitute animals. Police leadership in India has failed in either leading reform from within or standing up to political masters. China alerts citizens against Indian spiritual courses cults. CNN News18 pulls down a report on Sadhguru buying a superbike after Ducati retracts. Azim Premji Univ student allegedly assaulted stripped and robbed in Bengaluru. In his feminism class Kolkata prof behind virgin comment asked women to do mujras. 5 Wedding Season Ready Innovative Saree Drapes. Chennai woman raped after her head is smashed in Her child is also found dead. No more stigma Why retirement communities are finally growing in India. Full text Author Anand Teltumbde seeks public help to prevent his arrest in BhimaKoregaon case. Husband in Nagpur wife in US Nagpur court grants divorce via WhatsApp. Traffked in Bengaluru. A Family Ski Adventure in the Himalayas. College student killed for spending time with girlfriend in Trichy moral policing case. I would like some guidance on Indian customs before I leave please. Is it considered rape to ask a woman for consent beforehand Is it still considered using a toilet if I use a bucket in my hotel room THEN dump it out in the street or do I have to outside every time to not be arrested. Waste of a Nation Anthropologists Assa Doron and Robin Jeffrey on garbage and growth in India. A sky full of kites becomes a death trap for birds. Left this on DelChennai Flight. Pretty excited to hear back. Renting in Mumbai. Chennais Water Woes. India forgives Taimur Ali Khans Muslim heritage because hes fair famous amp has a fortune. Indias environment ministry once again downplays the effects of air pollution on human health. Minor girl gang raped in front of widowed mother in Bihars Kaimur. On vacation in Lonavla Gujarati family attacked over camel ride charges. Exclusive 4 nuns who spoke up against Bishop Franco forced out of Kerala convent. Were Gandhis Practices Any Different From His Writings On Caste. Gandii Baat 2 An unwanted dose of Sexism and Misogyny in a world that Witnessed MeToo. Uttar Pradesh No headway in her rape complaint she ends life. Messed Up My JEE Mains. Need Guidance.: [removed]. Sabarimala Woman Hit by MotherinLaw Who Gives Indian Elders the Authority to Beat Family Members. Please fill out this Google form if you have noticed that VPNs and proxies gave been blocked by your ISP. Please ignore if already done . South Goa. Got conned. Need help.: [removed]. ZiroArunachal Pradesh.. Blood Donation is important guys.: I had donated blood few times before. I used to always think I dont know what happens to the blood do they sell it and make money out of it or what Last week my father was rushed to the hospital due to low HB and he was given two bottles of blood from the blood bank to save his life. You only realize when you yourself have to go thru the situation. I am writing this message because even if a few donate blood after reading it it will save a couple of lives. And I am going to donate blood regularly cause it really saves lives.. The accidental prime minister review: Rating 3/5 because Im a kind person and a BJP supporter and the light ending redeemed 1/2 a star from me or else I was going to give it 2.5/5 Plot the plot is the most incoherent plot Ive ever seen in a movie . The movie doesnt have a proper pace it doesnt make anything thrilling for a political movie . It felt like a childrens movie. The propaganda part to be honest there is nothing like propaganda in the film . The only character who was sold in a bad light was Ahmed Patel . Sonia Gandhi wasnt shown as bad as shown in the trailer . Rahul Gandhi is shown a little idiotic in the end and some subtle hints are given in the film regarding that . However I would also like to say that the film is censored in two specific places 1 baru is talking to mms and the word antoino Maino is muted 2 the dialogue agar aap Pakistan ke saath samjhauta karenge toh phir naye pradhan mantri kya karenge is muted Now there is another point that I think is that there are some scenes which were removed from the final cut from the film because my bias tells me there is something wrong . I think gutte and team chickened out and cut certain scenes from the film which might have directly maligned the image of The congress party and most of the maligning is seemingly deflected to the third front . The third front is maligned subtly as stopping the nuclear deal from happening . I see no other hypothesis to explain the incoherent and boring plot Acting Anupam Kher doesnt imitate MMS completely . His acting isnt top notch but it redeems the film at a certain extent. Akshaye Khanna is cringe maxxx. Initially he breaks the fourth wall many times and then you get used to it . But after a point he does it at every moment and it turns into full cringe. Rahul Gandhi and co have played their roles well . Visuals they have the worst visuals . They used VFX fucking everywhere . They cant even use a set properly . Screenplay and visuals the movie has really bad visuals . They used VFX fucking everywhere . The fourth wall breaking adds to the bad setup of an already ruined film Overall its a bad movie and Im being too kind to it. But if you are a Manmohanphile you might enjoy the film . The ending shows a good relationship between baru and mms fictionalised I think . I would recommend watching URI instead . How I Have Shamefully Benefitted from Patriarchy. News Delhi man.... Lets see. [R] Is this postfacto reinterpretation or is this a legitimate depiction of the contents of the Mahabharata: On the [Wikipedia page on the kalyuga]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KaliYugaAttributesofKaliYuga there is a mention of the Mahabharata a lot of points presented seem to resonate with whats going on the world around me. gtRulers will become unreasonable they will levy taxes This one is obvious. gtRulers will no longer see it as their duty to promote spirituality or to protect their subjects they will become a danger to the world. All the strife happening in various parts of this planet bear testimony to this. gtPeople will start migrating seeking countries where wheat and barley form the staple food source. Mass emigration from Northern Africa and Arabian countries to Europe is a thing. gtAvarice and wrath will be common. Humans will openly display animosity towards each other. Ignorance of dharma will occur. We do this. All the time. In our own country at that. gtLust will be viewed as socially acceptable and sexual intercourse will be seen as the central requirement of life. Reddits echochamber resonates with this loudly. gtSin will increase exponentially while virtue will fade and cease to flourish. Amit Shah Donald Trump et al can do whatever the fuck they want. gtWomen will no longer get married. Fertility rates are going down and marriage ages are going up. gtTraditional castes will disappear and everyone will belong to a single social class. gtBrahmins will not be learned or honored Kshatriyas will not be brave Vaishyas will not be just in their dealings and the varna system will be abolished. In our own country we are calling for this. Now Im not saying that all of this is necessarily a bad thing. I just find it rather hard to believe that a document written thousands of years ago over a duration ranging from a few centuries to one millennium is accurately able to predict the state of this planet during this point of time. I have not actively analysed the contents and I have limited knowledge of Indian history to draw from but something is really weird. Shit like this gives ammunition to those who would like to go back to the supposed good ol days of the Vedas. What am I missing. Hyderabad Teen Allegedly Raped For 4 Years Blackmailed With Video. A Bengaluru artist shows how plants talk to each other through the internet of fungus. Sikh Hindu refugees from Afghanistan torn between identity and livelihood in India. Delhi woman kills herself leaves note saying husbands friend was blackmailing her. Woman set ablaze after rape by fatherinlaw dies. Rape survivor allegedly poisoned threatened for refusing to withdraw police case. Rape and trafficking How two minors in Cuddalore helped bust a prostitution ring. Viral Video Shows Tripura Police Attacking Ambulance Carrying Injured Men Amid Protests. Telanganas Romeo and Juliet who werent Couple marry in hospital after suicide bid. Brutal gangrape and murder of 16yearold Gaya girl labelled as honour killing by police family activists cry foul. Hardik pandyas Controversial statement on Koffee with Karan Bcci notice. Sex racket in Pune busted during spa raid four Thai nationals rescued. Could you please help us to pay my fathers medical bills. My father had a heart attack last month while visiting my brother in New Zealand for the first time. He doesnt have a medical insurance so we are quite unable to pay the huge medical bill of 55k on our own. Thank you.. Could you please help us to pay my fathers medical bills. My father had a heart attack last month while visiting my brother in New Zealand for the first time. He doesnt have a medical insurance so we are quite unable to pay the huge medical bill of 55k on our own. Thank you.. One year after 7yearold girls death created a furore Fortis hospital escapes the police net. ReincarnationBorn Again. Indian Guru in Prison for Rape Is Convicted of Murder. Gaya weavers go on strike protest framing of innocent parents in girls beheading. Gaya Girls Murder Protests Continue Activists Allege Police Peddling False Narrative. Police station in Kerala to survey why men in their limit remain unmarried. Courts Ill Remarks on Vinta Nanda is Why Survivors Dont Speak Up. Bengaluru teen jumps in front of metro after fight with parents over phone use. Unable to foot medical bills Ktaka man allegedly kills 11yearold daughter. How agents trafficking women in Hyderabad continue to function with impunity. In a first woman sentenced for abetting gang rape of a minor. Victims aunt who had forced her into the act with the men three years ago while she was on vacation here gets 20 years. Website Design Coimbatore Web Development Company Coimbatore: [removed]. This is the third time my own was removed as Low Effort Meme guess this subreddit cannot handle satire. Ill take my leave from here. Indian behaviour is actually global behaviour without surveillance. Indias sick left out in the cold as New Delhis top hospital struggles to cope. Girl found beheaded doused in acid and allegedly raped. Judicial evasion and the status quo on SC judgments. Mourn the destruction of Indias Pompeii or Babylon Despite being a World Heritage Site Hampi has suffered tremendously at the hands of latterday invaders. Bihar Protests break out in Gaya after 16yearold girl is found beheaded. MJ Akbars Enduring Legacy Sexual Predation amp Toxic Work Culture. [SERIOUS] What is the best way to be productive during classes when professors are rambling: I have been trying to read newspapers but apparently they are not happy and show faces threaten with internals. What can I do so that I can be engrossed and they dont notice. Book for Best Homestay in Sakleshpur amp Chikmagalur with Affordable Price amp Comforts. Trump Tower Gurgaon Trump Tower Sector 65 Gurgaon TrumpTowerGurgaon. MeToo Vinta Nanda unfazed by Alok Naths anticipatory bail says she made him face law. What is the best time India to post on reddit: [removed]. The Apu Paradox How I Bear the Burden of My Canadian Accent in India. Alok Nath may have been falsely implicated by Vinta Nanda in rape case Mumbai court. What have politicians who speak of cow protection really done for the bovines says industrialist Rahul Bajaj. Vinta Nanda accused Alok Nath of rape for own benefit Court says as it grants bail to actor Television News. Forgive me liberal friends but I cant completely overlook faith of Sabarimala devotees. How WhatsApp the enabler of fake news helped save lives in Tamil Nadu after Cyclone Gaja. In Kerala Catholic Church threatens to expel nun for protesting against rapeaccused Bishop. Though rapeaccused Mulakkal was divested of his pastoral duties at the Jalandhar diocese in Punjab the Church leadership has steadfastly backed him.. In Kerala Catholic Church threatens to expel nun for protesting against rapeaccused Bishop. Though rapeaccused Mulakkal was divested of his pastoral duties at the Jalandhar diocese in Punjab the Church leadership has steadfastly backed him.. Delhi man attacks girlfriend with hammer for ending 8year relationship. Music or food Which is the bigger draw during Chennais Margazhi season. Why agriculture needs peasantoriented policies. Iron Maiden.. Rathole mines Negating human lives and ecology. Forest land the size of Kolkata diverted for projects over past three years. TN Dalit youth found dead in Pune family alleges caste crime. [META] /r/india has turned into Quora. Ive been on the forum since 2012 and after sustained deteriorations in quality it is now time to say goodbye. Goodbye randia: Ive noticed that the quality of posts and discussion here has really nosedived in the past year or so. I no longer comment on /r/india mainly because of this. Also with the growth of the sub the average age seems to have dropped dramatically to the point where memes are being upvoted. I have nothing against memes and enjoy them but in moderation. ampx200B Also as many have suspected i am indeed a woman though i pretend to be a man on the internet. Well spotted. ampx200B Here are some posts ive particularly enjoyed and ones that really struck a chord for me. Not all are mine though. ampx200B Larsen amp Toubro 1 not my post [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3ejoxe/rant\the\inside\story\on\larsen\toubro\the/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3ejoxe/ranttheinsidestoryonlarsentoubrothe/ ampx200B Larsen Toubro 2 not my post [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/36wak2/np\dear\rindia\i\need\your\help\raising\awareness/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/36wak2/npdearrindiaineedyourhelpraisingawareness/ ampx200B PayTM not mine [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/53ig6m/how\working\for\paytm\made\me\broke\from\linkedin/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/53ig6m/howworkingforpaytmmademebrokefromlinkedin/ ampx200B Hiring process at an indian MNC [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5rmho6/rant\had\a\very\bad\recruiting\experience\with\a/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5rmho6/ranthadaverybadrecruitingexperiencewitha/ ampx200B All these posts reveal just how shitty life can be for indian engineers. ampx200B Emigrate people [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/81r29c/your\onestop\guide\to\emigrating\long\term\to/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/81r29c/youronestopguidetoemigratinglongtermto/ ampx200B A bit about the pao community [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2q346x/im\an\east\indian\also\known\as\a\catholic\from/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2q346x/imaneastindianalsoknownasacatholicfrom/ ampx200B Some more info about how i emigrated [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/32c1qe/im\an\electrical\engineer\who\worked\in\india/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/32c1qe/imanelectricalengineerwhoworkedinindia/ ampx200B Postcards that i sent to some randians [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2r0ved/i\mailed\postcards\to\two\people\here\just\got\my/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2r0ved/imailedpostcardstotwopeopleherejustgotmy/ ampx200B [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2mlphn/np\postcard\collectors\potential\collectors\and/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2mlphn/nppostcardcollectorspotentialcollectorsand/ ampx200B And my personal favourite the story of how some vegetarian Gujjus ate snakes and helped me find my laptop [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/43qnty/upar\dekh\look\up\the\story\of\how\i\lost\my/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/43qnty/upardekhlookupthestoryofhowilostmy/ ampx200B Some of my favourite rants about life in india ampx200B Why is Lying and Cheating So Common in Every Sphere of Indian Life How Do We Change It [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6rbpr9/why\is\lying\and\cheating\so\common\in\every/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6rbpr9/whyislyingandcheatingsocommoninevery/ ampx200B Indians abroad [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3a5p9k/rant\many\indians\abroad\refuse\to\acknowledge/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3a5p9k/rantmanyindiansabroadrefusetoacknowledge/ ampx200B India will never change [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/71w5sa/india\will\never\change\because\indians\will/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/71w5sa/indiawillneverchangebecauseindianswill/ ampx200B And a very well written counterview to the above [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3ezu1n/india\has\improved\massively\and\is\still\on\an/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3ezu1n/indiahasimprovedmassivelyandisstillonan/ ampx200B I hope you enjoy what /r/india has offered in the past and i hope you continue to contribute into the future. ampx200B So long and thanks for all the fish ampx200B /u/eldaisfish. Two leopard cubs harassed by residents in Maharashtra tiger reserve one dies. Swachh Bharat Mission in Odisha hits roadblock as abundant open defecation insufficient toilets defeat cleanliness drive. Businessman 65 booked for molesting woman on DelhiMumbai flight. Aspiring rapper kills woman in Delhi for refusing to pay money. Odisha minister Pradeep Maharathy who hailed acquittal of Pipili gangrape and murder accused resigns. How sex trafficking survivors in India undergo revictimisation by the judiciary. A Hindi podcast aimed at the Indian heartland is also winning over Englishspeaking urbanites. Koffee With Karan Hardik Pandya Isnt a Brat He is an Outright Misogynist. Gangrape victim in Meerut set ablaze for refusing to compromise The woman in her complaint told the police that the three men who raped her a month and a half ago came to her house on Saturday night and mounted pressure on her for a compromise. A Gangrape Survivor In UP Was Allegedly Set Ablaze For Not Giving Into Pressures From Her Rapists. Woman asks for knife to cut cake irked waiter attacks her with it in Mumbai hotel. Cash For Gold Jewellery Buyer in Gurgaon: [removed]. Girls Made To Dance To Vulgar Songs At Bihar Home Raped By Guests CBI. [SERIOUS] [NP] Buying things from Google Play Store using Google Pay: I am trying to buy something from the Play Store but Google Pay is not an option for this. Can anyone tell me how to link it Is it possible to link it Im quite surprised it didnt automatically get linked but pleasantly surprised theres an appearance of data protection. . Telangana man shot by robbers in US battles for life. Chennai woman alleges assault harassment by neighbours for feeding dogs they deny. No Raazi October Andhadhun were not great cinema How 2018 proved we need better film journalism before better films. I have aggregated best news stories from last year that won Ramnath Goenka awards and everyone should read: [removed]. On how to disagree.: [removed]. [R] Need for speed.. I always drive fast while reversing my car today my side mirror hit the side mirror of a parked car. Their mirror didnt break but it slightly went back. I broke down they asked for money I had nothing.: The road was narrow and tightly packed. I couldnt go forward so I decided to reverse and didnt foresee the distance between mine and the car parked behind. Side mirrors hit against each other their side mirror was closed and the joint crooked. I tried to rush this was my first time I was blinded anxious. The owner was out of sight but his mother attacked our car pulled out my door hit it back and in the middle of the road she hung onto the door next to me to stop me from running away. I hysterically apologized broke down. I didnt want this to reach my parents I couldnt burden my parents with the financial responsibility of my negligence. I dont know if her reaction was exaggerated but the mother stopped my car yelled at me and waited for her son to arrive. I was embarrassed couldnt stop crying couldnt speak but apologize. After some 30 minutes they let me go noted down my cars number. I reminded them of insurance but they didnt have it. I couldnt pay out of my pocket. There are no driving rules parking rules here. Plus the stereotype that women dont drive well. I was proud of my driving but now Im scared to touch the car even. It was my fault but I was helpless. . Bengaluru techie found dead at home father suspects murder. Perfect portrayal of Ravanan. Indian nurses are not paying back their education loans. 10 Most Awaited Bollywood Movies of 2019. Movie Review Simmba Is Another Formulaic Rape Revenge Drama. Top 10 expectations of indians in 2019 What a brilliant data.. Very useful to Civil service exams since it contains Current factshot and viral topics... Hello Reddit India: [removed]. Class 10 schoolgirl gangraped by two youths while returning home. Ex JDU MLA was dancing with pistol in one hand and drink in other DJs tell police The DJs said Singh was drinking for an hour after the murder on the bloodcovered dance floor said a senior police officer privy to the investigation.. Examining oral tradition in India and its impact on society from Vedic literature to largerthanlife actors politicians. Swiggy delivering more than just food.. I found this video of people helping monkey after electric shock in India. 19yearold beaten up in drunken brawl on New Year eve in Gurugram dies. Delhi Teen Sexually Assaults Classmate in School Records Video of Incident. We Were Assaulted in Delhis Hauz Khas on 31 Dec as Others Cheered. Toxic Air Killed 1.2 Million Indians in 2017. Why Are We Still Celebrating With Firecrackers. [serious] What are your options if a employer fails/refuses to pay you for your work as an employee: title Inb4 fatalists here to post and the futility of it please excuse this thread. . Bengal BJP Workers Wife Gangraped by 4 Men on Her Way Back from Sons Tuition. Spread your business in the network with Web designing company in Bangalore: [removed]. You Need Software Company in Bangalore: [removed]. Blue Tiger squad List An indepth analysis sportshour247. Men are also victims of patriarchy. Just ask Tej Pratap Yadav. Air pollution major underappreciated contributor to ill health in India. Sabarimala Only One Of The 5 Women Petitioners Has Stood Her Ground One of the Sabarimala petitioners wanted to withdraw her name from the original petition last year. [URGENT] Need help regarding an injured dog:  TLDR I am a member of the Society for NonHuman Persons NLSIU Bangalore and would like to ask randians for help regarding an injured dog on campus even tiny donations of money as well as wishes or any other kind of support are welcome \\\. [https//imgur.com/1rAcfKb]https//imgur.com/1rAcfKb pic of the dog as well as the Xray Guys I am a member of the Society for NonHuman Persons a body of individuals who have come together to give a better life to the animals on the campus of NLSIU a prestigious law school situated in Bangalore. I do understand that it is a very long shot but would like to try nonetheless. We have a dog on campus which was hit by a vehicle some time ago and at that time no one got the poor dog treated and rather just tied up the wound to maintain pressure unfortunately the bones started healing in the awkward position itself and recently the dog got ran over by a car just outside the gate. As luck would have it the fractured bone was broken again and while we were able to get her to the vet asap he suggested that she should undergo a surgery which costs about 15k. Adding to the problem she is pregnant. If she does not undergo surgery she will be in constant pain for the rest of her life as the new fracture is much worse and the nerves pass through the same area. We have approached multiple shelters proanimalrights organizations as well as enthusiastic alums and while some of the extremely generous college peeps have donated as much as they can and so have the committee members we have been able to reach \89k. The committee unfortunately receives zero funds from the college and so can not approach the administration for help. The surgery is to take place tomorrow. While I understand financial support might not be viable I would also be eternally grateful to anyone who could alternatively foster her for a couple of days after surgery I will personally pay for all the medication. We have nothing from which we could possibly pay you guys back but words fail me when I try to describe the sheer gratitude and indebtedness at the mere thought of any assistance in this regard. Facebook fb/SNHPNLS \[let me know in the comments if you require any additional proof\] Long time lurker I dont care about being doxxed as I saw my pet almost bleed to death in front of my eyes when I was \10 and can not bear the thought of witnessing this poor dog live a life of pain and neither can I bear orphaning her pups. Lots of Love lt3. [P] [Serious] What do you think will be Modi Shah and Co.s ultimate fate: Lets say they manage to scrape by through this election but what next Will 2024 be theirs What will they have to do to stay in power And how long before their own people are sick and tired of their games What will be their legacy. [URGENT] Need help regarding an injured dog: TLDR I am a member of the Society for NonHuman Persons NLSIU Bangalore and would like to ask randians for help regarding an injured dog on campus even tiny donations of money as well as wishes or any other kind of support are welcome \\\. [https//imgur.com/1rAcfKb]https//imgur.com/1rAcfKb pic of the dog as well as the Xray Guys I am a member of the Society for NonHuman Persons a body of individuals who have come together to give a better life to the animals on the campus of NLSIU a prestigious law school situated in Bangalore. I do understand that it is a very long shot but would like to try nonetheless. We have a dog on campus which was hit by a vehicle some time ago and at that time no one got the poor dog treated and rather just tied up the wound to maintain pressure unfortunately the bones started healing in the awkward position itself and recently the dog got ran over by a car just outside the gate. As luck would have it the fractured bone was broken again and while we were able to get her to the vet asap he suggested that she should undergo a surgery which costs about 15k. Adding to the problem she is pregnant. If she does not undergo surgery she will be in constant pain for the rest of her life as the new fracture is much worse and the nerves pass through the space. We have approached multiple shelters proanimalrights organizations as well as enthusiastic alums and while some of the extremely generous college peeps have donated as much as they can and so have the committee members we have been able to reach \89k. The committee unfortunately receives zero funds from the college and so can not approach the administration for help. The surgery is to take place tomorrow. While I understand financial support might not be viable I would also be eternally grateful to anyone who could foster her for a couple of days after surgery I will personally pay for all the medication. While we have nothing from which we could possibly pay you guys back but words fail me when I try to describe the sheer gratitude and indebtedness at the mere thought of any assistance in this regard. Facebook Link [https//www.facebook.com/SNHPNLS/]https//www.facebook.com/SNHPNLS/ \[let me know in the comments if you require any additional proof\] Long time lurker I dont care about being doxxed as I saw my pet almost bleed to death in front of my eyes when I was \10 and can not bear the thought of witnessing this poor dog live a life of pain and neither can I bear orphaning her pups. ampx200B Lots of Love lt3. MeToo Homegrown CoFounder Varun Patra Accused of Sexual Harassment. Dear Rohit Shetty Spare Us Awful Films On Rape Like Simmba It is difficult to believe that even producer Karan Johar couldnt see how tonedeaf Simmbas script is. Sabarimala Only One Of The 5 Women Petitioners Has Stood Her Ground. The Death of the Indian Libido. A New Wish for the New Year MeToo Must Reach SmallTown India And How Bollywood Can Help. Woman devotee held hostage raped several times by mahant on temple premises in Ayodhya Crime News. The trauma of growing up as a transgender man in a heteronormative casteist society. Kangana Ranaut asked about Rani Mukerjis MeToo comment says people who need support must be empowered. Casting director gets life term for raping aspiring actress sending nude pics to her husband. r/India is the best sub. Consensual sex of livein partners not rape if man fails to marry Supreme Court.. Rampant growth of polluting brick kilns has made Jharkhands quaint McCluskieganj town a death trap. An Army Officer Molested Me In A Garrison In Kashmir The Inquiry Made It Worse Survivor Speaks Out [October 2018]. Just want the bodies 21 days on families of trapped Meghalaya miners lose hope. South Asia is a dangerous place to be born. Women in science are made to feel like impostors. Farmer family ostracised in Madhya Pradesh for killing cow accidentally. They stole from us Ktaka medical students accuse college of looting stipends. Sabarimala vs Keralas Women How Literacy Has Failed the State. What an Indian professor learned about the Line of Control by travelling with the Pakistani army. Andhra Student Hacked to Death Over Extramarital Affair Accused Arrested. Woman PhD scholar found hanging in IITMadras hostel room. Tough choice Tinder tough choice. [Reddiquette] Need to help a lonely girl in Mumbai get a life and hopefully date her in the process.: So theres this girl in my office who I like. We hang out quite often to toke. We are also neighbors. I have been thinking of asking her out but still growing a pair of balls to do that. Before people go on a rant about Dont shit where you eat or dont date someone at work Certain circumstances in my workplace are supportive of this and I have already made up my mind. My question is slightly different. So this girl is basically an orphan. Her mom passed away and she is estranged from her father as he didnt want to pay for her education in an expensive university. She owes her university lakhs of rupees but my employer has been benevolent and after her assessment internship she was given a job despite not having a degree. So she was raised in Calcutta but has most of her friends in Delhi where she studied. She absolutely and utterly HATES Mumbai. She feels like a hostage to the city and she is forced to be here just for the sake of her job. She is seeking an internal transfer to Delhi and has been told that it will be approved but only in 2020. She has now become a stoner recluse who almost had a brush with alcoholism. She just stays inside her apartment smoking one joint after another and mindlessly streaming Netflix while being depressed about her state. She barely steps out of home on weekends and stays long hours in the office cause she doesnt have friends in Mumbai and cause she doesnt like returning to her home alone. It seems that this is the first time she has been put in such a situation as she was generally coddled by her mom a lot and was brought up in a relatively protective environment. I am not able to figure her out. I have been spending time with her and figure her out but somehow our connection seems shallow and restricted to discussing work. Somewhere it seems either I am not prying deep enough or she is not being forthcoming. I want to pull her out of this weird depression. I want to show her that this city is more than just a sustenance machine for people in the nadir of their existence. The most fucked up thing she said is that I feel safer in a club in Delhi than in Bombay since I know that if I get into trouble in Delhi my friends will come to help me Can you please give me tips on how to do this She is interested in board games animals and anything related to despicable me. Her desk is littered with minions of all kinds TLDR Girl I have a crush on hates Mumbai and wants to leave it ASAP. She is kinda depressed and spends her weekends smoking hash and binge watching Netlfix in her flat. I want to show her that its not such a bad place. Where do I start. What would be a better decision [Serious]: 24 year old male working in a day job from 8 am to 8 pm. I come from a BBA in Finance background but have been working in a jewellery factory. I want to learn to programme and investing in the little free time I have. Programming so that I can switch jobs in two years or at the least freelance Note I have zero knowledge about programming. Also after reading several articles they mention programming is one of the jobs that is to stay even when robots become prevalent. My second option is to start an online business. I do not know what the business will be as I really havent thought about it. What would you do if you were in my position Develop skills or start a side hustle I make 50K a month and the expenses are growing exponentially. . [Serious] How difficult is a Drivers Licence test: I got my LL recently and Im wondering how difficult the main test is. Most of my friends got theirs made ages ago where tests were mostly just a formality or they paid an agent to get it made. Neither happens in Delhi anymore. Can anyone tell me more. Bye Pewdiepie Carryminati .This was a public demand from Indias youtube community for a while.. Stories of positive actions towards biodiversity conservation in 2018. Church asks priest who opposed Bishop Franco not to support nuns movement. Make marital rape a crime Tharoors Bill in Parliament. MeToo Bundelkhand Three stories of women at work in the hinterland show dark lining below social economic change. Trapped Miners Reveal Dirty Secret Of Meghalayas Elites. Just a thought about Bollywood after seeing recent Indian movies: Since childhood I was never into Indian movies like yeah been to theater a lot of times but mostly it felt average nothing to give much of thought and just a means to forget your life and get into another world. Even some golden movies like DDLJ were uninteresting to me/never seen it so I thought maybe I like hollywood or other countries movies because of the big budget foreign feel with new things great VFX use of English and what not but honestly those things were secondary or external factors. It was mostly about great acting good cinematography the way they create private real life moments in front of camera the way they live in those moments. Its been nearly half century for the beginning of indian movies and we have nothing but few movies which were amazing attempt to sell new ideas making it worth a while eg. SwadesDil Chahta hai and few others . Real was always rare in our movies and there was hardly any effort to move ahead of keeping love as focus or end goal. Average movies also create average critics and also average or below average actors who make their whole career based on it being loved by average fans following. Honestly instead of porn ban we should had shitty movie ban which sells the idea of objectifying woman and normalize forcing love on some random person till they accepts it and yes these affects people as you can already see how people think beloved celeb personality is same as it is in their movies. All and all I want to say it 2018 was amazing leaving me hope for bollywood but nepotism still exists my sister told me that the role of female lead in Simbaanother average movie was signed by a acting reality show winner but then was replaced by Saif Ali Khans daughter. There are some amazing underrated critics like Film CompanionSucharita Cinema Beyond Entertainment Mensutramaybe and with the end of nepotism I wonder how much bollywood will improve with new quality actors and their creations. . test: test. HELP Low Paining in left testicle.: About one month ago my left testicle was paining but IDK where the pain was coming from because when i tochoued my testicles and pressed I never feel pain. Then I went to doctor he gave me antibiotics then the pain is gone but low disconfort and low pain is still feeling. I did ultrasound nothing unusual all was perfect. Should i fear of something or just wait if the pain will go by itself . Happy New Year to everyone : [removed]. The Wires external committee probing sexual harassment allegations against VinodDua dissolves itself. Chaliye 2019 ko vanakkam. 2018 The year Indian women journalists took the power back 2018 is a catalogue of the battles these women faced but also a tectonic shift in public response following MeToo. What Rani Mukherjis Tone Deaf Comments Reveal About Bollywoods Attitude Towards The MeToo Movement. UIDAI Number Saved Automatically in Mobile A Secret Number in Contact. New years Dissilusion Love the creator.. External Committee in Dua Matter Unable to Proceed Further Dissolves Itself. Expression of Personality: [removed]. Expression of Personality Why do we oppress and fear in our schools: [removed]. Rani Mukerji gets slammed on social media for her remarks on MeToo movement in India. mAadhaar How to Download / Use mAadhaar App on Mobile Easily [Updated]. A Story Trauma Is Spelled With Blood: [removed]. I believe in a lot but certainly not my freedom: [removed]. 30yearold Hyderabad man killed mother alleges caste killing by wifes family. Woman beaten up made to run naked in village by eveteasers in UP village. A Story Slavery and Discrimination: [removed]. About r/India: [removed]. Will MeToo Lead to a Serious Conversation About How Organisations Are Structured. Looking for Snappers to start streaks: Looking for girls to add on snapchat fill up my map and start streaks with. Willing to talk daily or weekly if we click. Even if we dont click lets just start streaks. PM me with your snapcodes. Thanks . Accidental births. Former DMK MLA convicted for 2012 rape and murder of 15yearold girl. Need someone to text to. Need some care.: [Here is a bit about my background]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/a0vcg8/howdoiendthisconfusionventquestion/utmsourceredditandroid So yeah I have improved a lot from there on. But heres what happened. Near about 10 days ago I faced an extreme panic attack. I was left unconscious and my blood pressure dropped really low and thereafter I was admitted to the hospital. 4 days in and I was discharged. Due to this incident was couldnt appear for my pre board examinations. As I was a healthy individual my doctor labelled this as stress caused due to examination. Everyone was shocked around me. But yeah time was also running short so I got back on track from 22 Dec onwards and started putting in immense hours again. Up until yesterday I faced another panic attack which was a little lesser version of what happened back then. I slept early and now here I am in a fucked up state. I have gained 10kgs of weight in the last 3 months I have been doing almost nothing except studies and sleep and yet I felt the need to post something like the above. I miss food quite often. I know I am not leading a healthy life now but I am also confused. You have to work hard comparison with everybody your performance is not good this is not good you arent good and bla bla bla same stuff was blasted near my ears for the whole year. I am being honest here I cant handle it anymore. I talked my heart out to the parents last night and talked to them about my mental state. They were receptive but then they are just reassuring stuff. Now look I know that marks hardly matter for the path I aspire to choose but my brain seems like an echo chamber now the same faces the same marks marks and marks pop up in front of me. Its like I know its not the end of the life but then again my brain switches to something different. Its a shitstorm up there. I am brainwashed to such an extent that even resting while my health is poor makes me feel like I am wasting my time and I should get up and study. All those things keep revolving in my brain. When I think about going for a therapy I again feel like that would waste my time. I feel vulnerable as to what people would say. Would they label me as another excuse maker who couldnt achieve results and call me pagal as it is a stereotype here. God My 2nd pre boards are scheduled within 4 days from now and I am almost restless. I never thought I would say this but being a topper at class 10 was the biggest mistake of my life. I raised the bar so much that it has come to hit me on my head. Sorry for the poor formatting. I am resting a bit now but studies wont let me have some peace. I need someone to talk to. Anyone out there please let me know. Ps I am not suicidal or something but I am under extreme stress if can put it that way. . Chinmayi asked to apologise pay Rs 1.5 lakh to be reinstated into Tamil dubbing union. UK national goes to her 5star hotels spa in Chandigarh masseur rapes her. 10 women allege sexual harassment at Doordarshan. Expression Of Personality Why do we oppress and fear in our schools: [removed]. Trauma Is Spelled With Blood: [removed]. The Monastery of Holy Trinity. What was the funniest shit you came across on internet this year in Indian context of course. Please share.[R]: It could be any image/photo/social media screenshot/video/blog post/reddit comment chain you found hilarious . East or west India is the best. Delhi Shelter Home Horror Staffs Used Chilli Powder To Discipline Girls Says DCW. How Loneliness Is Driving Young Indians To Depression. Girls Uninterrupted How 2018 Was a Defining Moment for Indian Women Students Fight Against Hostel Curfews. Baba Raghav Das Medical College amp Hospital Gorakhpur UP [NP] and [P] at the same time... [AIC] [R] appreciated: https//imgur.com/gallery/3xl0V7P This is Baba Raghav Das Medical College amp Hospital in Gorakhpur. You know Yogi Adityanaths assembly constituency. Yogi Adityanath was the MP from here from 1998 until he vacated this seat to become Chief Minister in 2017. Before that this LS constituency was held by his guru Mahant Avedyanath for close to 10 years from 1989 until 1998.. Examining the evidence for Aryan migrations into India The story of our ancestors and where we came from. I went to a counsellor today: [removed]. Is it true guys. Is it true guys. MeToo From a list to a movement how 2018 became the year of reckoning for Indias powerful men. Why ThePrint list of gennext intellectuals did not have any women nominators. Can the arrival of the Aryans in India explain the disconnect between Harappan and Vedic culture. Real Estate in India. Kamla Bhasin Speaks up About Sexual Abuse amp Her Daughters Death. Know How to Make your HONEYMOON a more Memorable Event. Make your Honeymoon Unforgettable.. Best Real Estate Agent in Toronto. [Crowdsourcing request] What are the rules you follow to decide on renting a house [R]: Just came across this post on r/lifeprotips through r/bestof that listed a bunch of rules to follow in order to ensure you get a good rental house. Obviously its focused on American or broadly Western problems and solutions. So I thought Id post it here to see if the r/India community can collaboratively edit it into a version more suitable for Indians.. The Accidental Prime Minister Official Trailer Releasing January 11 2019. The poster of The Accidental Prime Minister looks awesome. I am particularly excited to see Akshaye Khanna here. Trailer out today. [R] Bombs rocket launcher NIA says busted ISIS module was ready to attack on New Years eve. Shah Rukh Khans Zero Makes An Unbearable Mockery Of Disabilities. Unnao gangrape case FIR filed against survivor two family members on allegations of forgery. Every time someone goes Why dont you say ... to prove nationalism or patriotism think Freedom from Compelled Speech. IMO this is a human right one that will gain more attention in the coming years.. Every time someone goes why dont you say ... to prove ... think Freedom from Compelled Speech. The link summarized the current legal precedent in India.. Last thing in the world i would like to do is to watch Mirzapur with family in living room.. [Serious] What are some nonbiased trustworthy news sources to follow for the 2019 elections: I dont live in India but want to follow along the 2019 elections. How should I be getting my news In the US for example you listen to Fox News for the Republican leaning news and CNN/MSNBC/NYT for democratic leaning news.. Things that happened in India 2018 Indias year in Review 2018. Telling people to use VPN and TOR is same as telling women to wear burkha to stop rape.: Will add data soon. Man 76 molests 8yearold girl in lift of highrise apartments near Delhi. Caught. Nathicharami actor Sruthi Hariharan on MeToo Only way to clear my conscience was to speak up. NL Interviews Priyanka Dubey speaks on reporting on rape amp why the media needs to be more sensitive. Schools in India have been experimenting with honesty shops unattended businesses that rely on the customer to do the right thing. https//t.co/eSGCDfEDQc: Check out NPRs Tweet https//twitter.com/NPR/status/1077636594612367360s09. Schools in India have been experimenting with honesty shops unattended businesses that rely on the customer to do the right thing. Check out NPRs Tweet https//twitter.com/NPR/status/1077636594612367360s09. Metoo in India 2018 has been an exhilarating emancipating year for women in entertainment. Stay Safe Stay Alert. Merry Christmas: Lets take a vow not to cut down Conifer trees for Christmas not to use plastic trees or plastic decoration not to use too many light bulbs to reduce emission and save our environment. Merry Christmas.. Merry Christmas to all of you. MeToo Mukul Mudgal exchief justice of Punjab amp Haryana HC accused of sexual assault. Naagin 3 23rd December 2018 Episode PlayIt Now. Best ac repair maintenance service in Bhubaneswar. Why threads get unnecessarily removed here : I posted a thread and it got unnecessarily removed without any explanation . I needed amazon pay balance: Check out Chogada by Darshan Raval on Amazon Music https//music.amazon.in/albums/B07HYZZ9SZtrackAsinB07HYZTFZXamprefdmshLsjkjEYT23JQQweA1pBIpslvH . Ahmedabad/Baroda meetup: Hey India I am visiting Ahmedabad/Baroda and will be there until 3st of December. Anybody up for coffee Maybe you can show me around your city. Also places to visit in and around these two cities See you soon.. Naagin 3 22nd December 2018 Colors TV. Twitter Whats going on SM Hoad Slayer Fake News and the war against it.. YSK In any indian train you can use the dustbin which is like a drawer below sink near the toilet:  Hindi meh wo door ke paas wale pani ke naal ke niche handle hota hai dustbin open karne ke liye. .  Was Mahatma Gandhi racist The Stream. Online Battery Mart leading Online Store for Inverter Battery Car Batteries Inverters in Noida Gurgaon Chennai. Daily GK Update amp Current Affairs 21st December 2018: [removed]. Do r/india users need a book giveaway: As most of you know a great dude u/iamsatyajeet started book giveaway recently did 3 times already Today a guy posted the book he got from the giveaway on top of a macbook pro. This mad me think did he really need that give away He deleted his post after backlash from other users. There can be many people over here who can easily afford it over here but you know free is free. I know op just want to instill the habit of reading and broaden their perspective by these classic books amp this giveaway might do the thing. Just want to hear your views.. Do people over here really need a book giveaway over here on r/india: [removed]. Santa came a little early for many of us. Thank you u/iamsatyajeet.. India man held for rape of British woman in Goa. Need suggestions for New Year runaway: Hey I would like to go to some peaceful place to go to i am in Pune right now so please suggest some place in around 1 day of travelling. Thanks . Thank you so much u/iamsatyajeet Cant wait to read these and many more once my exams are over. Hours after 48yearold British national was raped Goa police arrest accused. [meta] I feel that the Indian sub has fewer bhakts/sanghis unlike the Pakistan subreddit.: [removed]. British woman raped on way to Goa beach. Bollywood Parody Song about MeToo. MeToo in India Crucial lessons from the US experience India must confront the inadequacy of MeToos modus operandi so that it is more than a sensational cycle of accusations. Good morning all..I am off to work... Please upvote my political articles... I am in a difficult place.. Feel suicidal.. Joined a IT cell... Please dont down vote...:  . why the internet is full of Indian: [removed]. B.Tech Student On Way to Coaching Centre Gangraped in Agra Accused on the Run. Girl MeToo MeToo Bol Bollywood Parody. Indian YouTube videos starting with urging to Press the Bell Icon [Rant] [NP]: Its so ubiquitous in the videos made by Indians that irrespective of the topic or context they would start with begging you to press the bell icon. This trend could imply a few things. Some or all of the following may be true. 1. Either it is understood that the Indian viewers are technologically challenged and needs to be explained the basic features of Youtube in every video. 2. Or it means that people accessing the video are mobile users due to poverty/or convenience/ or being novice in technological adaptation and so the mobile bell icon interface is referred. 3. Or the Indian content creators are real beggars for follow like and subscribes. . Do people dont KNOW that if you buy an online video game there will eventually be updates Checked out reviews on Amazon.in for video games I wanted to get and..: Jesus they all have one thing in common. Most of the negative reviews are game required update not mentioned in product description. That too when the game itself is a year or more older. Also apparently a lot of them dont even research before buyingexample Black Ops 4 has a lot of reviews with low stars saying no campaign included disappointed shit. Like dude its been known that there will be no campaign. You are supposed to know that before buying.. I have seen this on Amazon India and on flipkart tooif I go to Amazon.com the state of reviews is much better. . [R] A serious question about Delhi Someone told me that the people that live in the fancy parts of Delhi were gifted those houses by their brits employers when they evacuated them when India got independence.: Same thing. I have no idea about this and its quite interesting to think about. Id appreciate any information about this. Note Ive marker this post serious and will report anyone making frivolous comments.. There should be law in india that a boyfriend cant can not rape a girlfriend: If a guy can prove that he was in relationship with a girl with photos phone calls text messages etc he should not be accused of rape. Opening possibilty of a boyfriend raping a girlfried make rape laws prone to misuse . Also the law of rape on pretext of marriage should also be abolished unless such promise is made in written . . [R] Getting calls from VodaFone for paying dues after Ive ported. Is it a scam: I asked them to send the bill and they say okay and cut the line. I received no bill they just call again a few days later. is this happening with anyone else. [Serious] Should I tell my parents I am a gay in order to avoid marriage.: I am 30 and not a gay . And my parents are pressurizing me to get married . And I dont want to get married . I got an idea today . Should I tell them falsely that I am a gay . I think my parents will not advertise it and will keep it to themselves . At most they will tell it to close relatives .And I am okay with it. My parents love me so they will not disown me for being a gay . Also guys here who are in similar situation as me how do yoy handle being pressurized for marriage. Do you have any better idea . [Serious] Some websites cannot be reached from an Airtel Broadband connection work fine with any other ISP.: Ive been unable lately to access a lot of sites which I used to frequent just a while back no not porn sites and the problem usually goes like this. Whenever I open a site usually a video streaming site likes say streamable. com or thevideo. me kind of a thing the page doesnt load it displays this crappy message https//imgur.com/VihtHkw Notice how it says Server IP address could not be found and also ERRNAMENOTRESOLVED. I tried looking for a resolve on the internet from running a windows network diagnostic changing my preferred DNS server and alternate DNS address to flushing my dns from command prompt. Also tried deleting host dns case from chrome//netinternals/dns. No resolve. Now the most singular thing about this whole irritation of mine is that. The same sites which do not open for me with my Airtel Broadband open very well with a JIO network. Its not even like it opens on the phone or anything. It opens on my laptop itself. This has lead me to assume its an Airtel thing and not my laptops or chromes issue Does anyone have any clue about this or is anyone else having trouble opening sites like streamable.com Thanks in Advance TLDR sites show the message This site cannot be reached. Server IP address cannot be found along with ERRNAMENOTRESOLVED . In Tamil Nadu trolling culture created by fans of film stars is hitting new levels of viciousness. Any unflattering remark about their idols is met with torrents of abuse even rape and death threats. Actor Kasturi Shankar is the latest highprofile victim.. Best urdu poetry. Tips to avoid sexual harrassment in India for foreigners: DONT COME HERE YOU FOOLS. I Proudly Present You Jaipur The Pink City of India.. How do you guys have meetups without ending up doxxing yourselves: [removed]. RTI Reveals Govt Tracked Citizens Social Media For 2 Yrs Report. Dirty Picture Why is Amazon Prime Video in India Selfcensoring The Marvelous Mrs Maisel. Best pickup line ever. The reserved category life my story so far: [removed]. Why white supremacists and Hindu nationalists are so alike. Easy money making method for Foreigners. Play Indian videos on the screen and make a face and watch the views pour in since we like the Foreigner attention and feel proud.. Easy money making method for Foreigners. Play Indian videos on the screen and make a face and watch the views pour in since we like the Foreigner attention and feel proud.. Answer to Which mask should I buy: AQI Air Quality Index of all major Indian cities is at its peak. According to AQICN the AQI of delhi is 306 at time of writing this post which is categories as Hazardous. Compare that to New Yorks 41 which is one of busiest cities in USA and several cities being under 30. ampx200B Were literally living in a toxic gas chamber. As other redditors have said it should have been a nation wide emergency and should be top priorities of central as well as state government but rather our government is busy with other affairs. ampx200B If style/look is your priority look for a black mask. They blend in with most outfits just fine without catching much attention. If you are going to do sports or physical activities which will require heavy oxygen usage always use one with value you can get mask with two valves as well In winters breathing within mask makes specs foggy. If it affects you too much there are some masks with good exhalation valves which prevents such fog. ampx200B Suggestions all prices were taken at time of writing post none of them are affiliate nor sponsored [3M 9004GV Anti Pollution Mask Pack of 5 Grey]https//www.amazon.in/3M9004GVAntiPollutionMask/dp/B01G0PNC1C/ \ 5 for 180 36 / mask average life of 80100 hours Large size [N99 Pollution Mask with Valve]https//smartairfilters.com/in/en/product/n99maskwithvalve/ \ 1 for 130 N99 masks with valve filtering out 99 of PM2.5 air pollution. [Honeywell ED7002BU10IND PM 2.5]https//www.amazon.in/HoneywellD7002BU10INDAntiPollutionFoldableFace/dp/B01AJI0QF6/ 329.00 32.90 / Item [Meded CMFBBLCK Anti Pollution]https//www.amazon.in/MededBreatheHealthyPollutionBlack/dp/B072146H35 4 extra replaceable n90 filters Good design ampx200B Little expensive ones [Dettol SiTi SHIELD Protect N95 AntiPollution Smart Mask]https//www.amazon.in/DettolSHIELDProtectAntiPollutionUnisex/dp/B075S8Z7KL 200 Valves are good Soft Clean design Good filtering [Honeywell PM 2.5 Anti Pollution Foldable Face]https//www.amazon.in/HoneywellPollutionFoldableExhalationPrinted/dp/B01I9PW3X4 849.00 169.80 / Item Expensive ones Would recommend this one [OxiClear Pollution Mask]https//www.amazon.in/OxiClearOxiMaskPollutionMask/dp/B01N952VHF Good design 499.00 N99 ampx200B If you have money to spare consider the OxiClear one it comes with good filter good design valves and replaceable carbon filters. Totally worth the money. Also Surgical mask do not help with pollution. Dont make fool of yourself by wearing them ampx200B Q. But it feels strange in public. A. I used to be shy wearing masks in public as people would give weird looks as if they are witnessing an alien. Situations changes and now wearing masks give confidence in public IDK why but it feels good. Anyways common citizens are more aware of pollution situations now than ever. If people around you give you weird looks when you go out wearing masks 1. Ignore them or stare them back 2. And/or buy masks that fit your style and dont seem too much different from overall look. Final Words Wear mask stay safe If you hear some say anything similar to this leave the area ampx200B gtBhai pollution to permanent h kabtak mask lagayga Bro pollution is permanent how long will you use mask gt gtGhar me bhi mask pehene rakhega Will you keep wearing masks at home gt gtAdat ho gayi h Ive got habitual to it Also some people tend to believe delhite or Indians at common are immume/resistive to air pollution. This is totally false never believe their claim. It took some time and research to write this post please share with others for their awareness. Im going to gain nothing from this but they might Please use this thread to discuss about masks if you want to. ampx200B Thanks. [Serious] Is it legal to driving interstate without proper number plates: I had asked your advice [before]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/a41a9g/seriousneedadviceonwhichcartobuycheapest/ and yeah I bought the car. Thanks again D Im in Delhi and I have some work in west UP tomorrow. Im wondering if its okay to drive without the proper number plates. I havent received mine yet and I was told I can just use a number printed on paper until I get them. But Im not sure if thatll be alright outside Delhi. Does anyone know Note I also only have the temporary RC right now. Anyone interested in sharing a Netflix Premium package : [removed]. How WhatsApp Fuels Fake News and Violence in India. TV channels should be turned off newspapers kept away Kerala church attacks media. The article by the Syro Malabar Catholic Church also defends rapeaccused Franco Mulakkal saying he will remain a bishop until a court or church system finds him guilty.. About r/bakchodi: [removed]. Jamshedpur Man who paraded woman naked facing rape charges. MeTooEffect Film Association suspends Sajid for one year. R/indian Men who are involved in premarital sex dont you fear getting rape charges slapped on you.: Those of you who are not planning to get married to their gfs/fwbs dont you fear getting charged with rape cases. . Freelancers accepting international payments via Transferwise any legal drawbacks: [removed]. SC Media cant identify rape/sexual assault victims. Is it me or are ATMS mostly not working: Had to visit like 4 ATMs to get money either no money or service issue Anyone seeing something similar Especially Delhi . Church Glorified Accused Womens Commission On Kerala Nun Rape Case. The church was in the process of glorifying the Bishop arrested for raping the nun NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma alleged.. OUR NEW APPARTEMENTMemory diary. Video of 17yearold beating mom with broom goes viral in Bengaluru. Bangalore Video of 17yearold beating mom with broom goes viral in Bengaluru. Dispelling the myth Rapes are a problem in all the societies. Is India the rape capital of the world No: [removed]. [R] Does anybody live in Varanasi or recently been there Were booking a room at a hotel on MakeMyTrip we called them but they cut our call. I cant figure out if theyre legit.: [Hotel]https//www.makemytrip.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 Can somebody confirm if this is a legit hotel They dont have many reviews on Google either. They only have 4 reviews but their contemporaries have hundreds of reviews but this hotel seems affordable. . [R] Does anybody live in Varanasi or has recently been there Were booking rooms at a hotel on MakeMyTrip but when we called them they cut our call. I cant figure out if theyre legit. [Serious] Need advice on which car to buy. Cheapest is best.: Hi Were a family of four that need a vehicle sparingly. Im looking for a cheap vehicle that is cheap to maintain. I live in Delhi so it just needs to be able to negotiate city traffic. I have no plans whatsoever to ever take it further than say Jaipur and no plans ever to take it to the hills. I think conventional wisdom says I should pick the cheapest maruti I can purchase and I mostly intend to do just that. My reason for this post is mainly a few specific questions. 1. If I buy maruti which one should I go for My father says Alto is being phased out which sucks because I was leaning towards that 2. I hate driving and an automatic gearbox would make my life easier. Does it make sense to buy a cheap automatic Is there any good automatic that is cheap 3. Will any of the cheap cars get range extending hybrid sorta thing next year I did some research and it seems that there wont be. But I would love to be proven wrong. Would you advise purchasing such a vehicle if it were available. . Father and several others gangraped minor 13 arrested. http//govtjob.com/sbirecruitment201839postforca/. CodeGenie Flight Booking API Service Provider India flight ticket booking API integration http//bit.do/eCx7h travel business india.. Indias MeToo accused are back in action with wedding bells amp celebratory cake. Help save a little girls life: Twoyearold Zainab a south Florida child battling cancer is in need of extremely rare blood. Zainabs blood is extremely rare because she is missing a common antigen that most people carry on their red blood cells. The antigen is called Indian B Inb. For a person to be a possible match for Zainab they must also be missing the Indian B antigen The only people who are likely to be a match for Zainab are people of Indian Pakistani or Iranian descent. Of these populations less than 4 of the people are actually missing the Indian B antigen. You must meet the following criteria to be a potential match for Zainab MUST be exclusively Pakistani Indian or Iranian descent meaning the donors birth parents are both 100 Pakistani Indian or Iranian MUST be blood type O or A All donations for Zainab must be coordinated with OneBlood in advance to ensure the additional compatibility testing is performed. To learn more go to [https//www.oneblood.org/zainab/]https//www.oneblood.org/zainab/ Please help spread the message. It would look so much more civilized if Indians eat with a spoon instead of using their hands. Using hands to eat make them look like feeding dogs. Indians will do so much better if they look at people as people instead of dogs so please use an utensil when you eat. Thank you.: Besides the lack of utensils make it look like feeding dogs how do Indians feed their older citizens without an utensil Eating with the hands is considered a tradition though it makes the people look like dogs when they eat. Thank you for reading and please share your thoughts.. Its my birthday: [removed]. How I captured and saved Indias first prisoner of war in 1971. Why the Johri investigation has been a kick in the gut for women. Theyve crossed over to reddit and are issuing threats to lynch now D. Change Me Reddit India is AntiHindu.. A Year After Cyclone Ockhi Locals Still Feel Numbed By Tragedy. Pewdiepie vs TSeries why are some people getting really salty over a meme. I always thought the Thirsty Crow story from PanchaTantra is just a story. Never knew that crows could actually do it until I came across this video in the text.: Experiment on crow intelligence [https//youtu.be/ZerUbHmuY04]https//youtu.be/ZerUbHmuY04 Article [https//cosmosmagazine.com/socialsciences/whyarecrowssosmart]https//cosmosmagazine.com/socialsciences/whyarecrowssosmart. Today is National Control Pollution Today What are you doing to make your city clean: Most of our cities have air pollution especially areas like Delhi and Kolkata are severely polluted. Our rivers and lakes are also highly polluted. Even our big cities have become insufficient in handling sewage. What you have done and what can be done to make our cities clean and pollution free. Shocking Treatment of Tourists By Indias Most Famous Hotel. Netflix Indias bio is a bit outdated. Rajeev Nigam MeToo Swatch Bharat Ram Mandir. [SERIOUS] Army Personnel/Brats of India how is life after joining Army: Is there career stagnation after attaining the rank of Colonel Also how do families deal with disability/death during the service Life in Army is better than civilian jobs for the most part of it. Theres an overall balance in life in army I feel but still cannot ignore the neagatives.. Now I know why Pewdiepie is freaking so much he has already lost one battle. Has MeToo shifted focus Founder Tarana Burke think so. TIL that the literacy rate in India is defined by the ability to read and write your name whereas in China it is defined by the ability to readwrite and speak all 1000 words in Chinese.: I found this one kind of amusing/interesting that we have kind of low standards for the definition of literacy over here and also the percentage is higher for Chinese as well.. Railway ALP 2018 ALP First Stage CBT Result amp Second Stage CBT Admit Card: [removed]. [SERIOUS]What has life taught you so far: Elaborate your statement. . Cannot wait for 3.0 . Ctet 2018 Exam Date Out Download Admit Card:  Central Board of Secondary Education CBSE has already released the Exam dates for CTET 2018 Exam. [CTET]https//www.careerpower.in/ctet.html 2018 Exam is scheduled on 9th December 2018. In this article we are sharing some important information regarding CTET 2018 Exam which may be useful for you [CTET Admit Card ]https//www.careerpower.in/ctetadmitcard.html CBSE has released Admit Card for CTET 2018 Written Exam which will be held on 9th December 2018. All candidates can download CTET 2018 Admit Card by clicking on the link provided below [Click Here to Download CTET 2018 Admit Card]https//www.careerpower.in/ctetadmitcard.html [CTET Syllabus]https//www.careerpower.in/ctetsyllabus.html In order to ace CTET 2018 Exam you must be aware of the subjectwise topics to prepare for CTET 2018 Exam. Follow the mentioned below links to get detailed syllabus for CTET 2018 Exam. [Click Here to View CTET 2018 Syllabus for Paper I]https//www.careerpower.in/ctetsyllabus.html [Click Here to View CTET 2018 Syllabus for Paper I I]https//www.careerpower.in/ctetsyllabus.html ampx200B. Tracking MeToo These powerful Indian men have been accused of sexual harassment by women. So far. Can we voice our solidarity with our farmers for tomorrows mega Kisan Mukti Yatra in New Delhi: There could be water cannons or there could even be bullets when they march tomorrow to the Parliament. Some of them have spent all their little savings to buy tickets to Delhi just so that their voice is heard. There could be efforts to destabilize the movement and disperse the crowd. People could get hurt. Some of them could be women and senior citizens. And there is a little chance that any major TV news channel will give these farmers plight any coverage. Can we not hate them for inconveniences tomorrow Can we stand in solidarity and help make their pleas heard. Can we voice our solidarity with to our farmers tomorrow for Kisan Mukti Yatra in Delhi: There could be water cannons or there could even be bullets when they march tomorrow to the Parliament. Some of them have spent all their little savings to buy tickets to Delhi just so that their voice is heard. There could be efforts to destabilize the movement and disperse the crowd. People could get hurt. Some of them could be women and senior citizens. And there is a little chance that any major TV news channel will give these farmers plight any coverage. Can we not hate them for inconveniences tomorrow Can we stand in solidarity and help make their pleas heard. Rape Accused MJ Akbar Finds Space In Hindustan Times. Rupee is back in 60s against dollar. Thanks Mudi: [removed]. [Self] Be careful of these Chinese apps which exploit your data: [https//www.buzzfeednews.com/article/craigsilverman/androidappscheetahmobilekikakochavaadfraud]https//www.buzzfeednews.com/article/craigsilverman/androidappscheetahmobilekikakochavaadfraud ampx200B Their ad fraud is caught and who knows what else they are doing with your data.. Cannot defend the indefensible The unconstitutional case of female genital mutilation. Death of law intern who had filed sexual harassment complaint against Karnataka advocates raises concern. Tiruvannamalai Collector exposes sexual abuse in childrens home rescues girls. [R]Why India is so dirty 101. MeToo She filed a sexual harassment complaint the police called her back nine years later. [R] Im in Pondicherry / Puducherry for next 3 days. Please recommend some places to visit / see / dine at that arent known touristy spots.: Like the post says.. Where will the tigers go Tiger landscapes in Vidarbha are shrinking largely due to infrastructure projects while the tiger population is growing. So the animals venture into villages where attacks are increasing. And theres no solution in sight. TIL that Mauritius Africa is the only country apart from India and Nepal with a majority Hindu population.: Was reading about the influence of Hinduism in certain South Asian countries like Cambodia and Indonesia and just stumbled upon [this.]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReligioninMauritius . MeToo movement Farhan Akhtar says he felt guilty for not knowing what Sajid Khan was up to. Mentallychallenged woman delivers stillborn baby after gang rape. Muzaffarpur Rapes SC Shocked by Nitish Govt Ineptitude Says will Pass Order against State. Digital India. The Night Without an End Watching 26/11 Unfold From My Window. Mentallychallenged girl 18 raped in Mumbai suburb. [NP] Bhopal Deaf and mute man buys woman for Rs 2 lakh rapes her for 24 days. Are our Epics Replete with MeToo Sagas. Shayari on Rape. Centres push for wider busier roads in Karnatakas Protected Areas threatens precious wildlife. Why Indian business will never be able to compete on the global stage and why Indians are regarded as cheap Just my observations: [removed]. I just had a epiphany about religions and current state of civilization. [POTENTIALLY OFFENSIVE VIEWS WARNING]: Religions are not root of all evil things nor are they inherently bad . Its the proselytizing religions that are root of all that is wrong today . Eastern Religions have existed with harmony for so long with each others and with nonbelieving tribal people . ampx200B Religions other than other than christianity and islam are liberating and allow you to question and wonder . No other religion calls people sinner and damned them to burn in hell for not believing in their man not even to Atheists. ampx200B Though am myself not a hindu but this will eventually be bought up so ill state my side of view Hinduism is not a inherently regressive religion all the toxicity around it nowadays is result of equally horrible actions of some islamic rulers in past which is unfortunate and a stupid thing to do but is a cause and effect of human rationality ampx200B. Randians who have given up Indian citizenship do you regret it: [removed]. They called me Kasab ki beti 9yearold shot during 26/11 Mumbai attacks recounts horror. Gotta love it when you power up your PlayStation/PC and open the game and boom. power cut: Not only that it gets so frustrating when that happens while we are in an online game. Worse I have had my save files corrupted so many times because of this shit. Am I the only one I dont think so. Ps I dont live in Delhi mumbai or bangalore. Is the case same there . A Sexual Abuse Case Is Tearing Apart The Catholic Church In India. Curry: [https//imgur.com/a/8euNYF6]https//imgur.com/a/8euNYF6 ampx200B Corrupt mods.. Maharashtra Cop Rapes Woman Who Wanted to Withdraw Rape Case Against Friend. Man who married rape victim to settle case arrested in Mumbai for threatening wife. This is not Real Life . Angry BRITISH Women YELLS and SCREAMS at Air India flight crew after being refused ALCOHOL. Rape accused Kerala bishop Franco Mulakkals photo used in church calendar. Africans are Peddlers Cannibals Hami Indias Racism Exposed. Jalandhar church has money to blow on Franco but too poor to protect survivor nun. Mumbai Gangraped dog dies after three painful days of treatment. May the holy teachings of Guru Nanak Dev Ji bring peace and wisdom in your lives. Happy Guru Purab.: [removed]. Wish you all a very Happy Gurupurab: [removed]. Delhi Pollution Why Does Fixing The Citys Air Seem Like An Impossible Task. Its not banned to visit the island only if you get permission: Sentinelese Island US national defied 3tier curbs amp caution to reach Sentinel island India News Times of India https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/usnationaldefied3tiercurbscautiontoreachisland/articleshow/66758172.cms. Centre shut over 500 child care institutes after Muzaffarpur shelter home scandal came to light. [NSFW] So apparently someone tried to dox u/KinkyBrownPrincess.: Horrible thing really. Why do people do this. This further deters others from posting. ...on a side note does anyone have an album . Dear Pahlaj Nihalani Rape Is Not Swadisht Khaana amp We Are Not In The 80s. Why We Need to Leave Andaman Islands Sentinelese People Alone. A Season of Regret for an Ageing Tribal Expert in India [May 2017]. Unemployed Delhi Man Says He Raped And Killed Nine Children Police. He used to first break the legs of the victims before attempting rape said Subhash Boken an assistant subinspector and public relations officer with the Gurugram police. Then he would murder them.. Should Indian Government sue the Parish/Church to whom the Preacher belonged Andaman: 1. He broke the law of a sovereign country. 2. He took advantage of the poor fisherman now theyre in trouble. 3. He has put the endangered tribe of the island at risk by going there. Either the Parish/Church whom he belonged to should denounce him saying he went rogue and acted on his own accord or they should be held responsible for his actions. Your thoughts. Man admits killing 9 girls broke their legs before rape. Can we please read other posts in the subreddit before posting News/Recommendations: [removed]. We need more positive posts in this community and please try to avoid news links r/india is not a news channel. 32yearold man murdered in TN police probe if it is a case of hate killing. Just created a subreddit Cuddle Buddies for India Join now: Looking for a hookup in India but want to keep your clothes on Were offering just that casual encounters that \stay\ casual. Spooning doesnt have to lead to forking r/CuddlebuddiesIndia Its Indian version of r/cuddlebuddies. Daily GK Update amp Current Affairs 21st November 2018:  1. Indias First Justice City To Set Up In Andhra Pradesh 2. Andhra Pradesh Launches Bhudaar Portal 3. Kerala Signs MoU With Airbus Bizlab 4. Adobe CEO Shantanu Narayen in Fortune Business Person of The Year list 5. Worlds Standard Definition of Kilogram Second amp Metre Redefined 6. 27th BASIC Ministerial Meeting on Climate Change Held in New Delhi 7. UN Environment Chief Erik Solheim Resigns 8. Yes Bank Director R. Chandrashekhar Resigns 9. Jitendra Singh Releases Book Radio KashmirIn Times of Peace amp War By Rajesh Bhat 10. NSE Launches NSE goBID For Retail Investors To Buy Gsec 11. IMD World Talent Ranking India Ranks 53rd Switzerland Tops 12. West Bengal Passes Bill To Give Land Rights To Enclave Dwellers 13. Bangladesh Wins 59th Edition of Subroto Cup Football Tournament 14. OscarWinning Screenwriter William Goldman Passes Away 15. Shubhankar Sharma 1st Indian to Win European Tour Rookie of the Year Award [Click Here To Read Detailed Daily GK Update amp Current Affairs 21st November 2018]https//gyantaxi.com/dailygkupdate21november2018/. The Venn Diagram of Hate in the Indian Subcontinent. Church warns whistleblower priest who supported Bishop Francos victim. Many politicians and common people blame western clothes for the rape. They claim if girls or women wear traditional clothes they would not get raped.: This thinking is not related to Indians only but in many parts of the world. An exhibition in Brussels is displaying clothing worn by rape victims at the time they were attacked reportedly to dispel the stubborn myth that provocative dress is a factor in violent sexual crimes. Here is [the link.]https//www.bbc.com/news/blogsnewsfromelsewhere42633751 You can clearly see from modern dress to traditional dress lingerie and children dress. Victim blaming still remains a problem in sexual assault and while the news is not about India technically but I think it is relevant to India. I just point out the fact that this type of thinking is not limited to males. I know my share of girls who blamed Nirbhaya for the rape. My post yesterday got removed for not relating to India. They asked me to do selfpost with explanation and I hope it satisfies the requirement. . Mumbai 4 men gangrape dog. Lets hang heads in shame. Mumbai Police file rape case against actor Alok Nath. MeToo FIR registered against Alok Nath under rape charges. Bihar Teen Lynched for Resisting Rape Attempt on Mother Angry Residents Block Highway With Body. Best Kids Cha[r]ities To Donate To: I am looking for charities that help underprivileged children. I dont live in the country so unfortunately I cannot donate my time but I do want to donate money. Im not sure what the legit NGOs/ charities are. Ive heard news about these orgs siphoning money and thats the last place where I want my money to go. So randians can you suggest me the ones doing great work and have a great track record I came across asha https//ashanet.org/ but want to hear your thoughts. Zayn Covered Beloved Bollywood Song Allah Duhai Hai. [Serious] [NSFW] Need help regarding an self developed issue about my penis.: Hello all few things I would like to say beforehand. This is a long serious post Moreover below is a copy pasted version of my post from some other subreddit. 1 My English is only half decent. So please ignore my grammatical mistakes and compensate wherever you can on your own. 2 Also my sexual lingo is not so good and Im also not good with medical terms but I learnt from google as much I can. Plus Ive googled to best of my abilities but havent found anything related. So trying here. Also Im very embarrassed about talking all this and feeling very worried as I think Ive done some sin or have developed a medical condition which will haunt me for life. 3 Coming to my situation. Im 27 years old single straight virgin and had a girlfriend 2 years back with whom Ive gone till second base only. So Ive never been inside a woman. Weve only made out couple of times. 4 From last one year Ive been trying to have hands free orgasm via watching porn and I jerk off like 4 times a week and the longest Ive gone without jerking off is 2 or 3 days at max. So Ive tried no fap on and off but always failed. Also I basically love lesbian porn and Ive a boobs fetish though Im totally straight. Now In initial days I use to watch lesbian porn movies or clips for long hours without touching my dick like I would watch porn for 3 to 4 hours but wont touch or jerk my cock. So I keep getting on and off erections and lots of precum in those hours. Also at that time I didnt knew the thing called prostate but now I know that my dick use to become flaccid and my prostate get stimulated a lot and finally at the end of the movie or 3 to 4 hour porn view session I jerk my cock off which was numb by the time and I finally ejaculate. So this whole thing keep going on for few months like 3 to 4 times a week and all this time I love having this long orgasmic sessions without touching my dick. All this time Ive noticed that Ive keep getting aroused but when I dont touch my dick the erections will go away and Ive a limp or flaccid dick with my whole body start pulsating after like an hour heavily sweating my legs start shaking my heart racing even my arms shaking and Im so bothered but I keep my hand in denial as I dont take them anywhere my dick. 5 Fast forward 7 months Ive came to know about audio erotica like weve on reddit Audio gone wild or something like that or on YouTube weve erotic audio. So instead of watching porn only I use to mix it with erotic audio and I started listening to erotic audio. Also I came to know about prostate and prostate massage felt weird about it at first but then tried it with finger and then with a toy and liked it but was too draining and taxing on mind and body. So Ive done prostate massage for like 7 times at max or maybe less but I never ever came handsfree and all I always had was multiple dry orgasms in my session of 2 to 3 hours. I always tried to have HFO but never accomplished it till date apart from one wet dream may be years back. 6 So from last say a month or say Im reading on HFO so Ive tried many things like erotic hypnosis audio some more erotic audio my imagination or thoughts focusing on a self created scenario in my mind and also have tried various ASMR audio from YouTube and Pornhub In all these things Ive never came handsfree but have earth shattering multiple dry orgasms and had twitching in my dick like it got so sensitive it pulsates like hell and my PC muscle gets contracted a lot but my dick remain flaccid all the time as Ive never touched it till the point I cant bear anymore after like 2 to 3 hours I finally jerk my flaccid dick off with my hand. 6 Finally the issue Im having from last 2 weeks Ive this twitching in my penis whenever I get a little horny like may be Im just laying in bed doing nothing or its in the middle of the afternoon a random sexual thought pass by or watch some sexual thing in a movie my penis doesnt get hard all the time and I just feel vibration in my dick like a tingle pass by to my groin area like you feel like when youve a goosebumps and my flaccid dick in my pants or in boxers keep pulsating very fast up and down but its all happening inside my dick and my asshole gets clenched automatically and I feel a little pain in my ass. Im so sorry for repeating Im not getting a right way to put it or describe it exactly. It seems like instead of having erection my dick pulsates it doesnt get hard but inside it feels some muscles in my penis are flexing or throbbing but this is all internal but if you see from outside my penis seems like in a normal flaccid state but inside something is pulsating moving up and down as hell and something is throbbing and this happens at any place like sitting in chair etc. Moreover my asshole also gets clenched as I said above and it kinda hurts like youd after you put something there its a weird feeling. P. S If I jerk off like a normal way with my hand my dick does get erect and Ive full on hard on in the morning. Also I havent smoke or drink alcohol till this day. Ive going to gym from last 5 years and Im healthy all my full body check up results are fine I eat home cooked healthy meal I mean Im healthy overall apart from this issue. Now Im very embarrassed and worried writing this and Ive no one else to share this with Im an introvert and a loner and I stay at home all day and I dont know why Im telling you all this. Anyways whats happening with my penis am I having or already had developed erectile dysfunction or going to have any prostate issues. Ill be getting married in few years and wanted to have a family. Thank you for reading and all the advice is appreciated. . How caste hatred killed love The murders of Hosurs Nandesh and Swathi. Randia discord is not working.: The discord server of r/india has an expired link. Please correct it. Preity Zinta Wishing She Had A MeToo Moment Makes Her Interview The Stupidest Video To Watch Today. Preity Zinta criticised for derisive comments on MeToo movement claims interview was insensitively edited. Watch Preity Zintas laughs is what MeToo doesnt need. MeToo allegation against me is false Chetan Bhagat at Sahitya Aaj Tak. Neighbor shows objectionable video to 8yearold rapes her. Kedarnath. 40 400 million crore pandal in kolkataMemory diary. MeToo NCW thinks new law to address harassment is needed. Indian women are getting assaulted on Tinder dates and no one knows how to stop it. Haryana CM Says Women Allege Rape Only After Their Relationship Goes Wrong. Facing the Music How Only Much Louder failed the women in its ranks. MeToo Ad agency Utopeias cofounder Mitali Srivastava Hough says harassment led to her resignation. Two Women Face Ordeal Over Accosting Man for Masturbating in Bus. What happens when MeToo goes to court. [Meta] Angry Indian man is now on Reddit innocent man asking simple biology question for board exam but making no sense so would he like to understand you in massage box. Let him understand you help gais. CAT 99 percentilers are not even eligible to appear for IIM interviews . A new documentary answers every question the public has about sexual harassment. [serious] So I hired a call girl yesterday but couldnt do it: [removed]. MeToo Why many women dont speak out about sexual abuse immediately. How many of you are over 25 and single : [removed]. KIDNEY DONOR: [removed]. KIDNEY DONOR: Dr.Kasin Noah. Are you seeking for an opportunity to sell your kidney for money due to financial break down and we shall offer you 500000.00 USD for your Kidney. My name is Doctor Dr.Kasin Noahs i am a Nephrology in India Surgical [Hospital.contact]https//Hospital.contact via Phone NumberPhone Number call or whats app 918587054435 Email kidenyhitechhospitalgmail.com ampx200B. 4 year old girl allegedly raped by a man suspected to be a Pastor in Gumlas Kurumgarh police station limits yestersay. Suspect was arrested as soon as the complaint was filed.. What Does a College Do When a Man Harasses a Woman Nothing.. In photos An ancient Hindu festival amidst modernday pollution. Man reveals hes sexually assaulted 10yrold on Practo vigilant doc alerts police: [deleted]. Going home is not an option. The Yamuna Indias most polluted river [July 2017]. Unbreathable air in New Delhi after the Diwali festival: [removed]. Calvert County Tree Service. Supreme Court pulls up Gujarat High Court for revealing minor rape victims identity assuming role of trial court. Journalists/media houses could be prosecuted for disclosing rape victims identity Press Council Of India to Supreme Court. A polyphonic rendition of Vande Mataram from decades ago Dont know who arranged the music pointers would be appreciated. Give Away / Barter thread post stuff youre willing to give away for free or exchange with another redditor.: [removed]. MeToo Read Tanushree Duttas full statement on losing faith in Jesus after watching priest pray for Rakhi Sawant. Despacito Cover from India. We shouldnt be quiet because we fear hurting someone Sonam Kapoor lists ways to deal with Metoo movement. Dharmapuri teens family alleges crucial evidence of rape collected late cops deny. MeToo hits All India Radio stations Maneka calls for probe. The Indian Express spoke to women who have alleged sexual or mental harassment in AIR stations in Shahdol and Sagar in Madhya Pradesh Obra in Uttar Pradesh Kurukshetra in Haryana and Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh.. MeToo Wife of Army Officer Alleges Harassment by Retd Brigadier. Listen to Latest news breaking news in 1 minute. Coming from someone who detests BJP as of now what are some genuinely good policies passed by this government: Thought of asking this question after reading this [India wiring mess Soon one duct for Power TV Internet]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9x7gfs/indiawiringmesssoononeductforpowertv/ ampx200B The big ticket points like lesscash due to demonetisation which is kind of dubious anyway Swacch Bharat Abhiyan Clean Ganga campaign are perhaps too complex to discuss without having the right numbers. More on the lines of perhaps the strides in ease of doing business the unified cabling project attention on solar could be good topics to discuss. ampx200B ampx200B. 10YearOld Deaf And Mute Girl Allegedly Raped In West Bengal Dies. MeToo Following Allegations of Sexual Misconduct Gursimran Khamba Dropped From Amazon Series. Happy Childrens Day. Happy Childrens Day. Which of the two is more comparable: [removed]. Interesting. Can anyone please held me accountable for a month or two: SSC CGL aspirant here. I dropped an year to prepare but now drugs is my lifestyle. I wake up get stoned do unproductive stoner things as days turns into months and months converging into year. I live with my parents so I have no pressure to earn or have immediate income. Although my dad is retiring in couple years I need this government job but procrastination is getting better of me. Only positive is that My depression is not as severe as before. I need someone to hold me accountable everyday for next two [months]https//months.It It wont take much of your time. Couple of mails in a day maybe inquiring my progress and reminding me to finish what i have started. I really want to turn my life around and be someone more. If you are in the same boat we can monitor eachother. . I Found an Affordable doityourself way to build your own Air Purifier: Hi guys as most of us know Delhi Mumbai and many other cities are currently suffering from high levels of Air Pollution. Its probably best idea to get an Air Purifier at home. However many currently available ones are expensive and difficult to afford. Im trying to find a solution many of us can get these ones installed at our home. The best option is to build it yourself which has the advantage of giving almost the same level of filtration system. Steps to Build your own Air Purifier 1. We need two things An Box Fan and an Hepa Filter according to our need. An Hepa Filter comes with different levels of filtration process. For example an Merv 13 comes with removing very small .01 particles out of the air. 2. All we need to do is stick them together which means placing the HEPA filter in front of the fan by a tape or glue. Ive been trying to find and curate the most affordable and best options available but it actually depends on our budget and the need. However it is certain that an Air Purifier is required not in case you prefer to keep smoking 10 cigarettes/day. Ive mentioned all the available options down below For HEPA Filter [Havels HEPA Filter Cheapest Option Rs. 2890]https//www.havells.com/en/consumer/airpurifier/filters/hepafilters.html [Smart Air H13 HEPA Filter Rs. 1550]https//www.amazon.in/SmartAirHEPAFilterinches/dp/B01GE3BDLQ These guys sell the entire DIY kit together as well costing Rs. 3550 over [here]https//www.amazon.in/SmartAirDIYPurifierWhite/dp/B01CP55QXS/refsr13ieUTF8ampqid1542178685ampsr83ampkeywordsSmartAir Maybe we can build it for little bit cheaper. [Dr. Morepen HEPA Filter for Rs. 1600]https//www.amazon.in/MorepenPurifierFiltrationPollutantsRemoval/dp/B07G43LCWY/refsr120skitchenampieUTF8ampqid1542178884ampsr120ampkeywordsHEPAFilter There is a wide range of Air Filters available [here]http//www.dpengineersindia.com/ahufiltersuppliersmanufacturersinindia.html as well depending on your budget starting from Rs. 149. For Box Filter Cheapest Option available here for [Rs. 2000.]https//www.croma.com/cromacrf002155wboxfanwhite/p/201041 [This one]https//www.clubfactory.com/shopping/arcticaircoolerfanscoolingfanportablestrongwindstockedPID2204783.html looks good as well and can be used for Air Cooling at the same time. If youre currently an member of PayBack which most of us are if youre signed up for a credit card you can use your points to get a discount on Box Fan and make it cheaper over [here]https//shoponline.payback.in/searchqboxfan. If you have ample light in your room. Just plant a few indoor plants as well as these can purify a lot of harmful gases including Benzene formaldehyde CO etc Peace lily Rubber plant Snake plant Spider plant Aloe vera Money plant Orchid Its also a wise choice to have an Air quality measurement device. You can build your own by following this [link]https//peferron.com/2017/03/23/measuringairqualitypart1/. This is kinda going one step ahead but since I want to keep it affordable/cheap I found this link. Hopefully this would help us getting our own Air Purifier. I would love to know what you guys think and your suggestions if anyone know ways to get discount or any other better deals and even a better affordable solution. What I believe is this is an issue we would all have to work together call your Vidhayak in your area complain them and force them to do something in this area. Vote for the ones who have better values and care for the citizens. ampx200B Important tip if you set up an air purifier in your home make sure to plug all drafts around your house windows doors etc. Even a DIY purifier with small airflow can make your indoor air excellent if given enough time to do so and no leaks to fight against. If you want to get some fresh air in your home do not leave a window halfopen all day longinstead open all your windows at once to cycle the air as fast as possible then close them again and let the purifier do its job. If you do that in the morning ideally just before leaving if you arent staying home youll have great air quality through the entire evening and night.. MeToo CINTAA expels actor Alok Nath over rape allegations. MeToo Understanding consent and sexpositivity in a patriarchal society. [Self Post] New sub announcement r/ArtEvent: Namaste India ampx200B We have created a sub for all the Art enthusiasts to post and explore Art related events happening in and around their city. ampx200B Do check us out at r/ArtEvent. Feel free to contribute and explore various events like Photography exhibition Music Stand Up Dance et cetera. ampx200B Thank you. Are we antiHindu: [removed]. 1.6 lpm subcriber party ft. image rules amp new theme for reddit redesign: Congraulations /r/India if each of you contributed 1 per month we will have enough money to sponsor the /r/india certified comfortable living experience for one subscriber. Wed like to take this opportunity to reitarete a couple of submission guidelines. Image Posts Scenic Images We welcome images that the users have taken themselves. However going forward we will require that the location where was the image taken device used to take the photo and the image resolution be included in the submission title. Submissions not following these rules will be removed. Also please flair these submissions as Photography. We will have a scheduled thread each week where subscribers are encouraged to share other interesting scenic images specific to India they came across on the internet. Infographics If you post an infographic on /r/India you need to provide the source for the claims made in it. Otherwise your post will be removed. Memes Memes are welcome as long as they are OC and not recycled from the internet Reddit Redesign For subscribers visiting /r/India using the Reddit Redesign experience we have a new theme. Wed like to thank /u/SquawkTalk for the [banner image]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7d1igv/calloutforallgraphicdesignersfornewrindia/dpyezfk/ Those on the old reddit experience can view the new theme at https//new.reddit.com/r/india/ Do join us on [Discord]https//discord.gg/6V29X7f and/or follow us on [Twitter]https//twitter.com/redditindia Cheers. Symptoms for ED may include. 35 Best Thriller Novels By Indian Authors A Must Read List 2018: [removed]. [NP] Tips/advice on moving from a family business to a corporate sector job. [R]: [removed]. Naked body of 3yearold girl found in Gurugram cops suspect rape murder. Jharkhand Woman dies after being gangraped stick inserted in private parts. Teen bludgeons 75yrold woman to death after failed rape attempt in Haryana. Gurugram 3yearold raped killed stick found in privates. Does anyone read the banner at top in this subreddit as INSIA : A peacocks neck is more like an S. Good effort at designing the banner could use more creativity.. Indias MeToo moment unearths decades of suppressed suffering. Venom chomps its way past Justice League at global box office. Enjoy the Streets of Lucknow INDIA on Choti Diwali evening the lights and the ever green market. MeToo Anchor Gaurav Sawant accused of sexual harassment. IPC Section 375 Definition of Rape. SC Up to Parliament to make rape laws gender neutral. How the police pressured a young woman into taking back her rape complaint [November 2017]. Away from the city bustle these professionals choose to live close to nature. 6yearold sexually assaulted inside public toilet another minor raped by family friend in East Delhi. 10YearOld Deaf And Mute Girl Allegedly Raped In West Bengal Dies. Teen bludgeons 75yrold woman to death after failed rape attempt in Haryana. Haryana health departments dentist booked for rape intimidation. Damini to Lajja Films have many examples of how women who take on harassment are silenced. Eco India Episode 3 How Mysuru is preparing to become the cleanest city in India once again. On Akshara Haasan Leaked Pictures and Being Online as a Woman in India. Aamir Khan on MeToo I am glad there is a clean up happening. Turds of hindostan: Advance booking 3 seats imax theatre 600 each. Left the movie during intermission. The movie was so bakwas that i was doing wtf hand signs during every other scene. The only item number in the movie had contemporary and hip hop dancing seriously non sense choreography. Spoilerif anyone cares Amitabh bachchan dies in the first half barely has dialogues of speak. Overacting by Aamir khan fatima sana sheikh seemed invisible in first half. I booked tickets for this movie because family wanted a day out of their tiring lives and this was a family movie so we thought it will be good for the festive weekend. This was disappointing. But i enjoyed dal makhni and lachchha paratha at haldirams and came back home early. Fyi i am writing this review just after coming from the theatre.. Salem We want him to be hanged cries Rajalakshmis mom. There are no nonsmokers in India says doctor who installed artificial lungs in Delhi to create awareness on air pollution. Aamir Khans Thugs of Hindostan Treats Its Women As Shoddily As Salman Khan Films. [OC] Fitting the next six most populated countries inside India 2nd most populous. MeToo Niharika makes shocking revelations against Nawaz. What good things have been achieved by NDA Government from the past 4 years: [removed]. Delhis air pollution disaster is also a water crisis in disguise. [Serious] Name 3 good things the Modi government has done: Hi /r/India while its in our nature to be anti incumbent Im hearing only bad news about the Modi government. The only good news I seem to hear is from BJPs lapdog channels and even that news is about Modi the man and not about the work his government has delivered. Everything cant be bad can it Im trying to form a balanced view here.. MeToo How women in south cinema are considered commodities on screen and off it. [Rant] Changing name of cities should be decided by people not politician.: A poll needs to decide if the people want the name of a city to be changed and no political whim should be able to do it. Same with making statues out of tax payers money. Supreme court should frame rules regarding these taken for granted rights of representatives of democracy.. Right Wing ideology dissent and why it is a necessary evil.: Hi r/india. Why Dissent I dont know about the demographic trends of this sub however something that Ive noticed in this sub is that dissenting views are not entertained. In a democratic space dissent and discourse is of the utmost importance. Maybe views of dissent may not be coherent with the scientific evidence and not fit in the perspective of the expected discourse. A user may have the conviction that Masturbation is sin as much as were entitled to our opinion that masturbation is perfectly healthy different individuals are entitled to their opinion. It maybe something as extreme as Masturbation causes blindness Though the aforementioned view is absolute fluff and meaningless he is entitled to his individual freedom to hold the meaningless and unscientific view that masturbation causes blindness. Another example that resonates in the contemporary political climate would be regarding PM Narendra Modi. Majority of this sub is against Narendra Modi and his communal politics. However that does not take away the freedom from other individuals to be pro Narendra Modi. In a democratic space each and every individual should have the freedom to dissent against anybody else including the elected representatives MPs and MLAs in context of politics or mods in context of the sub. Note Freedom to dissent doesnt mean an absolute freedom rather freedom with reasonable restrictions. The reasonablity of a post is subject to the discretion of the mods however the current level of dissent is not acceptable.Hypothesizing that majority of r/india is urban middle class cosmopolitan educated and liberal. Dissenting views in r/india would be views that are right wing minority in a left wing majority sub. Disagreeing and downvoting are not same In majority of the Indian subs that Ive visited users have a tendency to downvote posts that they disagree with personally. Downvoting and upvoting are symbolic of value added to the community and not of personal agreement or disagreement. Itd be good reddiquette if a high effort post that is not coherent with your personal value system is upvoted by you rather than downvoted. Similarly a low effort post should be downvoted as it does not add value to the community even though it reinforces your preexisting beliefs. Arguing A futile exercise A collective notion held by the majority of us is that we can argue and persuade others of theirwrong convictions. Take the earlier example Masturbation causes blindness. We think that we can argue present scientific literature and evidence and change the view held by that individual to masturbation is an healthy practice is false. Soure Wiki Confirmation bias also called confirmatory bias or myside bias[\[Note 1\]]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmationbiascitenote1 is the tendency to search for interpret favor and recall information in a way that confirms ones preexisting beliefs or hypotheses.[\[1\]]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confirmationbiascitenote2 It is a type of [cognitive bias]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitivebias and a systematic error of [inductive reasoning]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inductivereasoning. People display this bias when they gather or remember information selectively or when they interpret it in a [biased]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bias way. The effect is stronger for [emotionally]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emotion charged issues and for deeply entrenched beliefs. Confirmation bias is a variation of the more general tendency of [apophenia]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apophenia. Hence other than the fact that you are burning your bridges arguing results in no favorable outcome for both the parties involved. Hence both parties involved are at a loss and there is no collective good acheived. ampx200B These are certain observations that I made which could add value to the community. ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B . Facing Abuse From Within The Disability Sector My MeToo Moment. 22yrold pregnant woman stabbed to death in Karnataka caste killing suspected. Rural Pollution Who Cares CPCB Only Collects Urban Data For National Air Quality Index. my 50th vlog. Two Kerala boys from floodhit Thrissur win India Todays Newswiz. How we breathe the cleanest air in one of Delhis most polluted office areas. What pleasure do you gain by bursting luxmi/sutli bomb: Seriously i would like to understand what immense pleasure do people gain by lighting up a sutli/luxmi bomb and then running away like a 10 year old school girl hearing that loud thud. [Serious] What do you guys feel about being stereotyped by default to the typical Indian and what can we as a group and as an individual do about it: Let us be realistic here. If you try to message anyone here on Reddit and they hear youre from India youre most likely not gonna get a reply. There are only a few exceptions. I dont message anyone unless they sound very interesting gender does not matter. Ive stopped messaging people because Ive found a really great friend on here from the UK. Before I met him though Ive messaged quite a few people. They immediately ghost you or look down on you just because youre from India. Its like they assume all we want is bobs and vagene especially if youre talking to a woman. Well good luck getting a reply in the first place. Recently because of this TSeries and Pewdiepie faceoff more and more people have been showing more negativity towards Indians than usual. I like Pewdiepie but the guy is delusional and doesnt see what hes indirectly promoting. Ive seen some sick comments on Youtube and on Reddit. Was just browsing Reddit Ive seen plenty of posts not wanting to talk to Indians specifically. its kind of depressing. People arent as openminded as they make themselves out to be. If youre looking for a girlfriend here well good luck the chances of that happening are the same as our government fixing actual problems instead of banning porn and making statues. I might have not mentioned the problem quite well but Im sure you guys know what Im talking about. Id like to hear from you guys what your personal opinion/story is. What can be done as a group and as an individual . [OC] Area occupied if everyone in India lived equidistant from one another within India. The mighty BengalNagpur Railway Logo. Shubh Diwali . Pamela Anderson criticizes MeToo says it is a bore. Happy Diwali Advance click https//2018wishdiwali.blogspot.com. Fake Video Clip Of Rahul Gandhis Rally And Other News You Almost Believed. Area required if everyone in India lived as densely as Mumbai. [R] How many you get depressed during Diwali and why: For me I have a socially disconnected family that is frankly boring. Other than the lights and the single sparkler I see no difference between diwali and the rest of the year. While every diwali my friends end up spending time with family I feel all alone and disconnected in the company of my socially awkward parents. Seeing people around me excited for a festival that to me only represents pollution both air and light bums me out to no end. Even my sister is not coming this time else I could have snuck in a vodka bottle and gotten smashed with her once my parents went to sleep. Instead she is choking in Delhis pollution sigh. Woman threatens rape charge on man if not paid Rs 10 lakh arrested. Nagaland pastor rapes minor witness uploads video. MeToo India Assam woman cop claims current ADGP sexually harassed her husband killed self after she filed complaint. Delhi schools preparing students to deal with much worse level of air pollution. I accidentally swallowed a bit of petrol please help.: I am a bit anxious and dont know what to do. I was drinking alcohol with my friends and we ran out of water. I went to the kitchen mind it it was my friends room and filled a 1 liter of empty bottle around 1/3rd and i drank around 1/3rd of it and found out that it was used for bringing petrol and they emptied it after doing the job. I now have burps which has that wierd taste and am pretty nervous. Although i do realise that the amount i might have consumed was pretty less and have not vomited so far. Please tell is there any need to consult a doctor. MeToo The fight against sexual harassment has left four garment workers in Tamil Nadu without jobs. Indias air is deathly toxic but Indians dont want to buy air purifiers. In Haryana couples bridge caste divide with a little govt help. Muzaffarpur shelter home rapes ExBihar minister Manju Vermas husband surrenders 50 live cartridges recovered. Two MANUU students in Hyd allege sexual misconduct by head of journalism department. Kathua rape case Sanji Ram planned tribal girls murder to save son say investigators. Traveling to India in December. How to get unlimited data/wifi on iPhone: Hi there I am going to India in december. my uncle in india have Jio wifi hotspot but he has only 1Gb data daily limit. So basically If i watch something on netflix data will be finished in 30 mins or so. I will be staying for i think until middle of Jan. I cant watch youtube netflix or anything at all on that 1 Gb daily limit. So ive learned my lesson. I want to get my own unlimited data hotspot or plan. I am on a Tmobile network in USA. Any suggestions Thanks . [Serious] Hindus in one word sum up your religion. MeToo My journey for justice and the cost of due process. [Serious] What is the use of democracy when we can only control the representatives and not the decisions that they take. At a stalemate: [removed]. Tall statues suck: So all these horrible tall statues that are measured by the metre rather than aesthetic merit are just an assault on our landscapes. Particularly bad are the muscled Caucasianfeatured statues of gods which seem straight out of comic books. You cant compare these engineered monstrosities to the sublime Bamiyan Buddhas which were made with artistic vision and not constructed like buildings. Sure patrons in the past also wanted their names associated with these feats but they took years and were made by the greatest artists and craftsmen of their time sometimes finished long after the person who commissioned them had died. Public art should not be determined by politicians and bureaucrats but by artists and cultural bodies as their lifespans go well beyond those of a particular government or individual. Something must be done to stop these monsters from taking over our shared landscape.. Could have spent it in so many better things rather than a statue.. We people like to watch brawl of others so much that big boss is on its 12 season.. Redditors on Quora starter pack [OC]. UP shocker Minor admitted in ICU gangraped by 5. Uttar Pradesh Minor girl gangraped inside ICU. Eco India episode 2 How a startup is helping farmers in Telangana tackle crop failures. MeToo Thousands of Google employees walked out on Thursday. Elephants death in Kerala forces probe Was a jumbo killed for insurance claims. MeToo Women allege sexual harassment at All India Radios Dharamshala Obra Kurukshetra stations Firstpost. Best Happy Diwali 2018 Quotes Images Messages Wishes and Greetings: [removed]. Kerala nun rape case Church comes out in support of accused Bishop says media pressure led to his arrest. Asus Zenfone Max Pro M1 or Motorola One Power: Both have almost same specs but a huge price difference. Im confused between these two phones. Also I will be buying either of them via EMI. Im new to EMIs provided from Flipkart and Amazon. Can somebody please guide through this Stuff like No cost EMI and Standard Cost EMI Im not aware. ampx200B ampx200B. Order Corporate Diwali Gifts Online. This PDP vs TSeries thing is getting out of hand: See the post in r/showerthoughts. I thought people have more time than picking a side in a YouTube subscription war.... And wheres there anything Indian insults always flow in. . A girl was molested at a club. What she did next will blow your mind. Cmon Buzzfeed/Scoopwhoop we need you to plagiarize this.: [removed]. Why the polytheism of Hindus and their texts leaves the monotheistic West confused. M.J. Akbar wife rubbish U.S.based journalists claim that he raped her. [Serious] Why cant a Hindu in India practice polygamy: Therere few Hindu gods who have multiple wives. Likewise why cant a person practicing Hinduism isnt legally permitted to have multiple wives at the same time as per Hindu Marriage Act. Indian Politician Says Had Consensual Relations With Journalist Accusing Him of Rape. Kishtwar killing Anil Parihar had warned authorities of impending danger. My ex got married last week: [removed]. Seen in Connaught PlaceNew Delhi.. Satellite images released by NASA show that despite assurances by the respective governments of these states stubble burning continued brazenly in Punjab and Haryana this year. MeToo MJ Akbar raped me journalist speaks out after years. As a young journalist in India I was raped by M.J. Akbar. Here is my story.. My MeToo our WeToo The Indian Express. How IIT Kanpurs Annual Fest Turned Into A Nightmare For Us. MeToo Harvey Weinstein accused of assaulting a 16yearold. Exclusive PostRafale Inactive Anil Ambani Company Made Rs 284 Crore Profit With Dassault Investment. Hyd doctor kills self family alleges dowry harassment and caste discrimination. MeToo in India Inc Former Taj Hotels staffer speaks out names then CEO. This 11yearold is coaching BTech MTech students. Punjab MeToo Targeted as Im a Dalit says Charanjit Singh Channi. MeToo Former Taj Hotels employee names then CEO as harasser. My views on UPA scams remain unchanged but Manmohan Singhs integrity is unquestionable Anupam Kher. Director Guruprasad on MeToo If men begin to speak out women will have to commit suicide. How Bahadur Shah Zafars daughter had to flee from Delhi after he lost his empire. Amid MeToo storm Tanushree Dutta takes a break. 19yrold woman found dead in Pudukottai relatives allege rape caste crime. Popular searches in Indian iOS AppStore. This is what happens when you ban something.. MeToo Akbar records statement says Ramani called him talented predator. Because Every Country Is the Best at Something And India is best at. Marriage bureau for NRI in India help/discussion: Hi NRI here. been living in US since age 5. I am 33. as you can probably guessed I am pretty much assimilated here in usa but embraces both American and Indian values. However growing up in USA one tend to be familiar with how things work here and understood bunch of references and norms. I might be wrong here but correct me is it true that one can find it hard to relate to a girl/boy raised in India my parents are suggesting that I find a suitable match in India. I am unable to find a girl here due to various superficial circumstances/reasons such as jobs distance and personal flaws. Most of the time when I talk to a girl the distance is usually an issue. Shes in another state and so am I. Plus girls in usa dont want to put effort into long distance relationship. i find it hard to date a girl in usa because she has high expectation and want a perfect guy. Like guy has to be over 510 have his own place and job. I am 59 and chose to live with parents but i am financially indepedent. I am in IT. Also dating apps have made it difficult because I am not getting any matches. Probably because my photos sucked. Shaadi.com isnt helpful in past. So anyway my point is Is there a marriage bureau in India that focus on helping a NRI guy to find a NRI girl Can you give me some good recommendation of a good marriage bureau in Ahmedabad and Mumbai Do you think girls in India are socially aware of whats going in the world basically i dont want a sheltered girl. I want a decent educated girl who can speak and understand english and is ok with me having my drinking beer and eating meat. Its even better if she does occasionally. I want her to have her own personality. last year i went to india and i got rejected by a bunch of prospect simply because I am not fluent in guju or hindi i eat nonveg occasionally at restaurants and parties i drink beers socially. Ive met girls in india that were doing PhD and then decided to do fashion designing Like why would you do such a thing I am not sure what a girl doing fashion designing can do jobwise in usa ya kno Thats why i dont find that suitable for me. I met girls that studied in English medium but dont know how to talk in English. Help me understand. parents forcing me to try again but this time with marriage bureau. I dont know what to do. I guess my hearing impairments is an issue that many girls dont wanna deal with. . Photos Burning mounds of garbage at Delhis Bhalswa landfill exacerbate air pollution crisis in NCR. Sourav Ganguly slams CoA over handling of BCCI CEO Rahul Johris sexual harassment cases. Having a love marriage has absolutely nothing to do with not respecting your parents. I am pissed off by the lack of independent thought process amongst youngsters in my city.: [removed]. MeToo IISc prof asked to compulsarily retire. Metoo IISc shows door to top professor on charges of sexual harassment. The governing councils decision followed investigation by the institutes internal complaints committee which looked into the harassment complaint filed by the doctoral student who was being guided by the professor.. Durga pujaTritiya shribhumi Memory diary. Air pollution killed highest number of under5 children in India in 2016 WHO report. My age in weeks. I love collecting Coins. MeToo Male students accuse school principal of sexual harassment in Chandigarh. Principal of a famous Catholic school in Chandigarh has been accused of sexual harassment by former students.. MeToo Symbiosis suspends teacher over sexual harassment allegations. Gurugrams own Chipko movement 1200 residents protest to protect Aravali Biodiversity Park. MeToo Why is Suhel Seth silent about the sexual harassment charges against him. Shame Union Minister Rajnath Singh Jokes About The MeToo Movement. LIC agent Uncles/Aunties are huge POS peddling unnecessary policies to unsuspecting senior folk: LIC agent Uncle made my parents sign up for several expensive crappy policies in my name as a gift and does a vanishing act. Lock in period min of 3 years. He would never open his mouth when I was around sneak behind my back to pull this tricks. Done the same thing with my cousins parents. LIC along with other investments such as PPF FD were the only proper way of investing for several decades . LIC investment was always held in reverence as compared to investments in shares. Now when you have better and riskier yes investment opportunities taking unnecessary long term insurance investment options dont make any sense. LIC agents know its not their heyday anymore but impose and deceive older parents who have very basic understanding of insurance / investment. They dare not open their month in front of folks who know better.. Why Is Outlawing Marital Rape Still a Distant Dream in India. They Deserve Justice Mother Of Indias MeToo Speaks Out. Ekta Kapoor will be here for a long time: [removed]. ANI on Twitter Jo bhi Congress ke saath gaya usko mitne se duniya ki koi taakat nahi bacha paayi. Baad mein kahin aise haalat na ho jaayein saari vipakshi partiyan gathbandhan kar lein aur bad mein jab Congress se dhoka kha jaayeinto MeToo campaign chalane ke liye majboor ho jaayeinR Singh. Why Indians Have a Habit of Always Being Late: [removed]. zara tasveer se tu nikal kar samne aa meri mehbooba Best love song of.... Best Resort in Wayanad Luxury Resorts Wayanad. Woman Visits Bihar Tantrik to Conceive Male Child GangRaped By 6 Men at His Adda. Himachal Pradesh 33yearold Russian woman allegedly gangraped in Manali. Woman Jumps Naked From Third Floor Of Building After Being Gangraped Tortured in Jaipur. Symbiosis Law School Hyd expels 2 students after MeToo post on professor. DSP to face action for sexual harassment. Tamil Nadu minor raped for 6 months tied to tree beaten up. In Chilling Reminder of Nirbhaya Case Bengal Woman Raped Rod Inserted in Her Private Parts. MeToo In India A 24YearOld JNU Student Called Out Her Abusers In A Powerful Set Of Illustrations.. MeToo In India 75 Professors 30 Institutes What Happened To Raya Sarkars List Of Sexual Harassers We asked 23 colleges and universities if they conducted an enquiry into the allegations against their faculty.. ELI5 How does UPI work: I feel its most convenient thing ever. I use Tez as I dont like those bullshit wallets. What took them so long to come up with upi . Jai Shri Ram. KeralaNunRape Father Kuriakose primewitness died of natural causes finds autopsy. Alok Naths lawyer resorts to character assassination in court. Ashok Saraogi questions Vinta Nandas rape charge says even hangover causes pain her lawyer Dhruti Kapadia asks what has a woman to gain by saying she was raped. Can somebody give a complete list of all people accused by MeToo over the last month: It is getting confusing with all the allegations and counter allegations.. Tamhini Ghat Relax on the carpets of velvety green: [removed]. The price for speaking up How the Malayalam industry treats women with an opinion. Elevator etiquette: Lets all agree that we are the pioneers of premature ejaculation in almost everything. In this case its about etiquette in elevators. Since my workplace is located in a fifteen floors building I come across these imprudent actions everyday. 1. Pressing both Up and Down buttons even though they are in the basement of the building. 2. On top of that pressing both the buttons repeatedly even though one can notice the light indicator on after the first press expecting the elevator might reach faster. 3. And when the elevator finally reaches those going in barge in without giving a way to those who want to come out. 4. Once inside the elevator they dont move further inside to make way for others unless requested. 5. Those getting down in the upper floors stand in front of the door blocking others to get down. 6. Making phone calls and talk way too loudly with no fucks given. 7. This is the best part ... Those wishing to go to the upper floors who are waiting on the 1st or G floor get inside the elevator even though the elevator is going down to the basement. Ive eavesdropped once and heard someone saying its better to get inside now or else if its full while coming up then we might not find a place. PS The building has 4 elevators which can accommodate more than 12 at one go. More importantly and sadly everyone are white collared shmucks. Other honurable mentions that didnt make the list Please dont fart. Dont be touchy. Dont play your YouTube videos loudly. . [R] Does anyone think that most of the trending news like metoo pornban etc. are all manufactured by the propaganda machinery to divert attention from much bigger and important things. Not able to create a post here: [removed]. [Serious] Thought Id share a female coworkers experience with male attention at the office.: So a friend from work showed me messages from another guy from work that she added on fb. It was a string of His interspersed by Happy festival names. Shes like why doesnt he get the idea that I dont want to talk to him. And Im like wha Coz the guy in question is married with two kids and an otherwise okay guy. We talked some more and it turns out that other people in my team have done the same thing. Others ping female coworkers over the office messenger saying Hi and Happy whatever. Some even send mails. She said that some guys would repeat this behaviour with every girl in the office. Shes like it makes work difficult for women because you need to interact with these kind of people for work reasons at some point of time and they find it extremely uncomfortable And then these guys seem to get even more ideas. This is absolutely bewildering for me. These are the same guys that say MeToo is bullshit and that 477 is misused and other misogynist shit. I took them for typical male chauvinists until now tbh. But it turns out that they are also low key harassing women at work. So it turns out that most guys are creepy this way. Incessantly texting girls even tho they dont respond. I dunno what to say. She told me not to say anything which is her prerogative. But I think most office places need to have some kind of training to educate fellas like these on what kind of interaction is acceptable and what is not. She also said that shed appreciate the attention if it was face to face. That speaking to someone in person is actually a good way to get the ball rolling rather than texting them in whatever way which just feels creepy. So its not like she isnt open to the idea of interacting with male coworkers. Anyway Im not sure what my point is in this post. What are your thoughts on the matter. Drinking alone at a bar right now. AMA: Hey all. Send in whatever question you may have. I have nothing to do so I am entertaining myself haha. . Research on Indias liontailed macaques shows why humans need to rethink habitat fragmentation. Trying to order a Moto G5s Plus from Amazon...: [removed]. linux n00b please help: I dont know if it belongs here but I assume there are people who can help me here. I have been trying to dual boot linux with pre installed win10. However the ubuntu/fedora installer doent shows partition in my hdd just 1tb as a whole if I proceed that way I risk losing my data which I dont want. It happened because I formatted already installed ubuntu in a partition because it wont boot due to some graphics card driver issues just black/purple screen. Please can someone help me personally with this. \Open Source enthusiast.. MeToo Ladybird Writes Somewhere on an unpainted wall my number must still exist and my pickup name Ladybird.. How do stop bulk spam SMS: Im receiving promotional SMS from Foodpanda a lot. Literally 1 or 2 SMS after each half hour minutes. I contacted them multiple times to stop spamming me amp delete any account I had on their website. But instead they increased thier spam frequency. Now Im getting 12 SMS per few minutes. 1909 doesnt help at all. What should I do Also I would like you all to avoid this shitty company.. MeToo Has BCCI hushed up a sexual harassment allegation against Rahul Johri. Dalit womans rape in 92 led to Indias first sexual harassment law but justice still eludes her. No ban on sale of firecrackers but with certain conditions Supreme Court. How I Made Money By Running Away From My Hostel. [Rant] Gujarat is a curse on India: Yesterday I read one comment on r/India. [here]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9q9fdx/comment/e87w7aystJNL2QRLHampsh41191e71 which says Gujarat is a cause on India. I am surprised to see other people supporting it. I am not a BJP supporter you can check my other posts. But saying whole state is a curse on India is totally wrong. If people of r/India thinks like this then what is the difference between r/India and whatsapp groups Few days back there were attacks on up bihari people in Gujarat due to some rape incident and employment issues. At that time I oppose those incidents and argue with those who were supporting. Now I am thinking I was wrong. If rest of India thinks that Gujarat is a curse then I have to rethink. . Exclusive Women In North East India Are Saying MeToo. Are You Listening. I Gave Up My Singing Dream Thanks to Vairamuthu But No More. MeToo Litfest organisers publishers are being pushed to respond to charges against writers. He said if Bishop Franco got bail he would surely die Fr Kuriakoses brother to TNM. For what reasons do you generally down vote a comment on a reddit thread: I was randomly browsing the front page of rindia when i encountered a thread asking for [suggestions related to apple juice]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9pzf6p/whichapplejuicebrandisthebestask/ a guy answered that he personally prefers appy fizz and was downvoted. I couldnt understand the reason for the downvotes and i found it odd. Though i would agree that the guy dint take the askers preferences in to account and answered it more as a sidenote.. ampx200B So i was generally curious on what grounds do people usually downvote is it because you disagree with someones opinion or the answer is offtopic/politically incorrect or anything else On what grounds do you personally downvote a comment ampx200B Just curious.. IISc probe of professor brings MeToo lens on Indias secretive science community. 32yrold man drowns inside DJB sewer in Delhis Jahangirpuri. How concurrent drought and extreme heat events are ravaging Indias forests. MeToo Raveena Tandon talks about workplace harassment how heroes wives girlfriends got her fired from films. Time to review Sabarimala Verdict. Why and How You MUST BelieveSurvivors. Engineering Student Resume How to write an engineering student resume. MeToo Kerala These Brave Women Are Fighting Rampant Misogyny in the Malayalam Film Industry. Bad Air Quality At the Delhi Marathon Route Will Leave You Shocked. Dear men please understand that sexism is the unjust air we breathe. Duped by Zomato: [removed]. Noted Urdu poet attacked after confronting youth for harassing girl. MeToo and Art TimesUp for the myth of the troubled male artist lets actively seek female voices instead. AMMA partners with powerful asks the weak to adjust Actor Sridevika speaks up. Indira Jaising I do not intend to continue to appear on behalf of Talib Hussain anymore extend full support to MeToo. Accused are sitting in office weathering out the storm Has MeToo changed much in advertising. MeToo in India Why it is unhelpful to frame harassment stories in the language of the courtroom. How did he torture you Media apathy at MeToo presser by Tamil film industry women. 12 Shocking MeToo Allegations in India That Created Havoc. AmritsarTrainTragedy and the insignificance of human life in Indias public spaces. Xpost from r/tumblr Err free application forms in India Big oof. Anyway can we talk about Rs 4000 forms for Generals Rs 250 for OBCs and free ones for SC/STs. Delhi court frames charges against RK Pachauri in sexual harassment case. Indias MeToo Where Sexual Harassers Decide Their Own Punishment. Where can I share a link to a fundraiser for someone fighting cancer: [removed]. Women journalists group criticises The Wire for providing platform to Vinod Dua to mock MeToo. [R] Have you ever had issues with female bosses: I dont know if my family is sexist I guess they are but I have always heard that it is difficult to work with female bosses. I have experienced it once. But that was at an older place of employment which was smaller and less sophisticated. But at my current organization I have found no such issues with female bosses. With recent advances in womens education we have been seeing women do better than men in academics. That seems to be somewhat trickling down at the workplace for me. In my profession I need to read a lot and be nerdy in general I am a corp lawyer. I find it easier to work with some women who will take the effort to read the law and try a little harder due to needing to meet societal expectations unlike men to actually explain things to you. The men I have worked with on the other hand tend to be a little more impatient cranky and generally go with their gut and experience instead of systematically researching and looking things up on their own. What have randias experiences been with female bosses. Help Passport Validity And Visiting The US: I have a B1/B2 visa valid for 10 years starting this year but my passport is valid till february next year. I booked a ticket from India to the US for tomorrow. The airline wont let me checkin despite return tickets booked albeit from a different airline. The customer support is not helpful and a couple of calls to them seems to solicit the same response that they cant do anything about it and I would have to check at the airport tomorrow. Has anyone faced problems of similar nature Would it be an issue for me to travel tomorrow Thanks all for your response in advance.. Thats the closest I have come to being raped. MeToo Reaches Rural India Men Have Stopped Sending Us Porn. I received a message. Is this true. Value included amp packaging services now in your area: [removed]. I am a Ayyappa devotee going to sabarimala next month Ask me Anything: There is lot of misconceptions going around herei will try to answer that questions. . Masti timeee OC. Why Sexual Assault Is Among the Most Traumatic Experiences Women Can Face. [SERIOUS] Need help regarding an important life decision.: [removed]. Medical Exams In India: [removed]. Sabarimala Temple Tight Security Set To Open Doors To Women. New to Reddit: [removed]. Regression theory. Regression theory. [Serious] Guys of r/India how many of you are aware of Menstrual Untouchability and whether it happens around you: Women can chime in as well about their experiences as well. From the wiki gtIn many traditional Hindu homes in India girls and women face restrictive taboos relative to menstruation such as being denied entry to the temple and the kitchen.[58] In areas around the Jhabua district the belief is that menstruation is a disease and not a normal biological process and therefore women who are menstruating are not allowed to sleep on beds enter kitchens touch male members of their family or eat spicy foods.[59] I was aware of the concept and thought maybe some rural villages in far flung villages of India still practiced it. I just found out a couple of weeks ago on reddit that some folks in Kerala in cities still practice it not allowed to touch anything having different utensils not allowed to move from their beds etc. In 2018 Have you folks come across this sort of thing around you. I cant explain to others why I was laughing out loud in the library so here I come Reddit.. The MeToo reckoning. When you debate: Not knowing how to debate is a common problem amongst generations. This post is just to help you how to do a debate. Just remember I was a bad debater for a long time and people stopped debating against me because of my attitude. In many cases it was disrespectful. But Ive learnt few things about me and applied them to make myself a better person. A little backstory I have a strange case when it comes to arguing with my brother. Just like many other people he often exercises the act of Only Im correct your view doesnt matter. This has bugged me for a long time. I often ended crying for many arguments. But recently Ive learnt few things and started to stand up against him. I cornered him to an extent that he started rejecting my view even before I said something. These are the few steps I followed. How to do a debate 101 1. Listen to your opponents 2. Respond if necessary 3. Provide your idea along with the facts to back it up 4. Always check your voice if its louder then it shouts I know Im defeated this is only to assert my dominance 5. Use humour to breakup the tension riling up. Do not go after attacking the person rather see how you can turn their comments against them using humour 6. Understand the prime concept behind the debate/discussion youre engaged in. Is it a friendly banter or does it have moral cause 7. Always let the other person finish their sentence before you start to condone their ideas. If they do not give you time just ignore them they know that its getting harder for them to keep up or they just want to banter 8. Never try to control what they want to say its a screaming indicator that you cannot fight any longer 9. You can win a debate by understanding what your opponents are trying to say 10. Agree to the good points given by your opponents and attack on the ones that you think otherwise. This indicates that youre willing to spend time and effort to what others are saying. This also shows that you respect your opponent as a person. 11. Its always okay to be the extreme but if youre not willing to spend any effort in understanding then its nothing 12. If you think that you are right and the rest is wrong please do not even engage in the debate 13. People want you take things personally and become emotionalNEVER DO THAT. 14. Dont do stories cut it and zip it. OpenLecher Light hearted take on the MeToo Movement. 6660 Amazon Day 2 All Fashion Offers Good Luck. Lets have a conversation Randians: [removed]. Flipkart BB Day 2 Offers All Electronics Item Thank Me Later. Outrageous Demands for App Permissions by Flipkart Pay Later. Unlocking: [removed]. [META] In which direction is this sub going: Seems like recently a lot of posts have been MeToo related. Will this sub continue in this direction. Our gaalis are taking over other threads.. Where did the bots go: Earlier there used to be bots which scrapped news links and posted them in comments. Were they intentionally removed or they just died cos there was nobody to maintain them If later I can run some bots for it. Should diesel Ca[r]s be phased out from city limits to reduce pollution: This would reduce the PPM count. Thoughts . Can we have a metoo movement against people acting like jerks to eachother in the workplace especially juniors: The title is self explanatory. This Diwali make your loved ones feel valued.. Hey [r]/India I have some history books for you: https//imgur.com/a/9fk9DT5 Hello here is the list of the books. All of them have cello tape attached on its edges to save it from tearing and folding apart from that there are no pen/ pencil/ highlighter ANY kinda markings. No folded pages either. A couple of them have my name written on it but I have masked it with correction tape. The only reason I am asking for a price here is that I still am a student and as much as I would like to donate these to the libraries I would rather have these with someone who is actually willing to learn from these. If someone is willing to buy the entire lot itd be perfect given the weight of all the books but I am willing to ship them separately as well. Ill cover the shipping. PM me if any of these or all o interests you. Feel free to share with anyone you think would be interested as well Thank you. Relationship Latest news amp Breaking society stories WeRIndia. Connor vs Khabib in SONY ESPN LIVE.. [R]What are the ways one can start investing or saving: I have recently started saving by using FD would like to know more about this high returns but low risks. I know Im going to get a flak for this. And I might get banned. But why do we hate the government so much here: Ive noticed a lot of these subjects here. I know that its easy to hate on a conservative governement. And Im aware of its shortcomings. But to accept that the goverment has created some good somewhere seems like commiting suicide on this thread. Are we fallign prey to thought validation where were a bunch of like minded people who agree on almost everything so any opposition must be quashed. Weve lost the ability to agree to disagree. It is this bit that makes me starting to feel like r/India is starting to be like the government. I joined reddit around 201314 and we seemed a lot more tolerant of conflicting viewpoints then. Im starting to get lost on here now and the intolerance has reached now where an entire subreddit created to shit on r/India seems less like a troll now. PS If Ive not been banned after this at least were not beyond redemption. . Why dont we value Human Life: [removed]. Indians dont do reunion we do Marriages. Why did Mahatma Gandhi not receive the Nobel Peace Prize. [serious] How can I help my cousin: My cousin lives with his family in south India and is around 40 years old. He is unemployed currently. He has never held a job for more than a year. He usually works in call center or similar jobs. Now that he is getting old he is unable to find anyone whos willing to hire him. He is frustrated that all his interviews end in disappointment because of his age. Hes very depressed. I am in the US. I really want to help him find a job or something a way to support him and his family. I feel a little out of touch with employment opportunities in India. Where are employment opportunities for someone 40 who doesnt have any employable skills like programming etc What would you advise he do Any help is greatly appreciated. Thanks.. A group for drunk people. Have you got refusal from Canada/Australia Study in Europe with IELTS 5 Band. Need advice on finders fee: I have connected a builder who requires project financing with a boutique investment bank and a debtfunding expert both. The builder intends to raise INR 1 Cr in the short term and 5 Cr in the long term for expansion. If you guys could help me with how much should I ask for finders fee/commission from both the parties thatd be great since Im new to this and havent had experience in this before. Thanks . Can anyone give a tutorial or low down on how the govt office hierarchy wo[r]ks: Trying to understand who are the people that matter based on the issue you want to resolve or make something happen. . r/india .. I never feel hungry or feel like eating anything. Anyone know how to fix that:  So I have always been jealous of people who can eat so much but I never feel hungry... Nor do I feel like eating anything. Really stumped because I find it so hard to gain weight. Any suggestions or tips please . All You Need To Know About Real Estate Advertising Agency. If you take screenshot of snapchat from recents menu do they get notified: So one of my friend sent me a screenshot of someones story on snapchat but what he did was minimise the app and then take the screenshot. He has a Xiaomi device running miui. So I wanna know will the person receive notification of screenshot I dont have snapchat so I can find it out. . Does anyone know someone who dont have a computer programming background learnt computer programming fairly quickly and were even able to make a career out of it. R/India gt Randia: [removed]. On 150th Gandhi Jayanti. [THREAD] Gandhi Jayanthi Lal Bahadur Shasthri BDay Kamarajar Death Anniversary OCT. 2: [removed]. Lets start a healthy discussion on Sabarimala Women Entry Case. From Section 377 to the constituency of Aadhar to redefining Adultery laws to allowing women into Sabrimala Temple Chief Justice Dipak Mishra you and your bench did what the time required. Heres to more such Liberal Chief Justices.: Thanks for having a more progressive point of view and making the point that Judiciary is still a powerful force in the Indian Democracy. . Start a healthy discussion on Kerala Sabarimala women entry case. New vaccine offer hope for Cancer patient. Amazing Singers at India Gate New Delhi. The Limits Of Rationality. Its been a month that Sanjiv Bhatt is missing this is what his wife has to say: [removed]. Why is it OK to submit posts/videos in any language other than English: 1 Not everyone knows traditional Indian languages 2Even if they do theres a good chance that they wont know the particular Indian language being used to talk. Ladies and Gentlemen of r/India Ive seen a lot of you people advocating against the act of falling in love with a coworker. Why: Would love to hear the experiences of the people whove experienced both the positive and negative side of it. . Dont Rake Up Religion Widow of Apple Manager Snubs Arvind Kejriwal Over He Was Hindu Tweet. Hi /randia Need your help regarding questions about AMIE and Jyothis Academy.: [removed]. Welcome to r/LegalAdviceIndia: In the wake of legal literacy and digitisation r/LegalAdviceIndia provides you a platform to discuss your legal problems and seek relevant advice. As evident it is the Indian counterpart of r/legaladvice but its been dormant for some time owing to the lack of awareness and promotion. u/ and I wholeheartedly invite all the Law scholars legal practitioners and everyone who is either interested in Law or acquainted with the procedures to participate in the discussions. ampx200B ampx200B You can also discuss legal concepts. In order to promote active participation we allow discussions about recent/landmark cases but the discussions should be healthy and devoid of any biases or prejudices. ampx200B ampx200B We hope you cooperate and kindly avoid ampx200B 1. Hypothetical problems homework assignments projects or questions asked in your college exams. ampx200B 2. Religious communal casteist racist and sexist remarks. ampx200B 3. Troll insincere posts. ampx200B When making a post make sure ampx200B 1. Its related to Indian laws or is under the territorial jurisdiction of India extends beyond the 29 states. ampx200B 2. It includes the details of place for jurisdiction date on which the cause of action arose or time since incident for limitation period and other \relevant\ facts. Avoid disclosing your personal information or any real names or other identifiable titles. Use fictitious names if you want to tell a certain fact. ampx200B ampx200B All the advices shall be true to the knowledge of authors but offer no substitution for professional consultation. ampx200B ampx200B Hope you a have good time in r/LegalAdviceIndia . Shoutout to Star Sports for Asia cup broadcast.: With most recent tournaments being telecast on Sony ESPN network it was definitely a breeze of fresh air. Thank you for not breaking for commercials immediately after a wicket falls because you know watching that replay is somewhat important. Thank you for making sure we watch entire 6 balls of an over. With Sony ESPN Network we were almost getting used to 5 ball or sometimes even 4 ball overs just so they could fit in more advertisements. I hope you win more telecast rights in the future so that we dont get to face the torture called Sony ESPN more often.. Why do I get half naked people to feature on my Snapchat stories. Everyday I click on hide story and bam Another one pops up. Why Ive subscribed to some news comedians and gaming channels. Thats good for me. I wish to get rid of these deperate naked freaks. How: What I said. Pirate vs Pirated. Shoutout to Star Sports for Asia cup broadcast.: After watching most of the recent cricket tournaments on Sony ESPN network it was definitely a breeze of fresh air to get to see a proper broadcast. Thank you for not cutting off the broadcast immediately after a wicket falls to go into an ad break cuz you know its important to watch that replay. Thank you for making sure we get to watch the full 6 balls of the over. Sony ESPN network had almost made us used to watch 5 or sometimes even 4 ball overs just so they could fit in more ads. I really hope you guys win broadcasting rights of most of the future Indian series coming up. ampx200B. Former Supreme Court Judge Markandey Katju Slams Sabarimala Verdict Accuses Judiciary Of OverActivism. Justice Indu Malhotras judgment is correctamp majority is wrong. With this judgment amp s.497 one SC has embarked on a perilous unpredictable path of over activism like US SC in 1930s utterly lacking in self restraint heading for we know not where. I am stuck and need some advice.: I was searching for a job and got one. This one looked good and so I put in my notice period and quit my job. Just before joining I have been asked to sign a bond for 2 years. In case I leave I should pay 3 months salary and also do my notice period of 3 months. My question is is this valid Can they hold it over my head when I leave by withholding the relieving letter I am looking for other jobs but I will be joining this for the time being as I dont have other options. Thank you for your advice.. [AskIndia][Serious] A friend of mine is hyping me up to move to Australia. Any idea how much its gonna cost me: Open ended question here guys. I want to know how much it will cost. And any advice you guys may have. Im 30 and Im confortably working in IT. But Ive always wanted to do different things in life. My friend says jobs arent an issue there and we could get several different kinda jobs there. And that they all pay well. Ill be honest this is the dream. Ive done odd jobs here in India ever since I was 17. And I dont mind doing that some more. Ive always ever seen jobs as a way to earn money. So yeah. I would like a few years away from year to save some money up. What do you guys think.. RANT Psychiatrists in India wont help you if you have ADHD .: [removed]. What if BJP is a just a propup of the RSS to show how bad Hindutva politics can get and all along they wanted a softer version of hindutva to be mass accepted in the name of the NewHinduvadiCongress.: Vision 2019 of RSS. Hey r/india are there any NGOs dealing with male suicide prevention in India: Something like CALM in England. Download Railway Group D Admit Card 2018: [removed]. Good Morning Wish Quotes WishingGreeting.Com. [Late night thought] Thugs Type of criminals of Hindustan Place Pirates Type of criminals of the Caribbean Place.. Name is also copied.: Just realized this after waking up from my nap from 6pm at 3am. . Does India need tax [r]eforms: In view of the falling Re. Excessive imports inflation double taxation income and sales tax should India reform its tax policies to support and grow the middle class. Enabling more people to move to and stay in the middle class. What policies you like see as part of the reforms. Serious discussion only please no Modi or Congress bashing. HC appoints panel to check BBMPs pothole filling claim. The Crow and the Fox. Ayushman Bharat Check here if you are eligible. Great Insights on E mc Intensity is Continuity meme. People who are in/have been in a relationship do you feel that sharing your social media passwords and phone password is the a big idiocy or the biggest way to maintain trust in the relationship.: I have been single and I never understood the fuss about sharing passwords and shit. I mean why would you want to intrude someones private life. I respect your life and you should respect mine. Doesnt the act shows ones insecurties and lack of mutual trust.. . TIL /s Muslim and Hindu rulers who were far more brutal to their subjects than the Empire ever was.. Rima Dass independent film Village Rockstars is Indias official entry to the Oscars. Manoj Bajpayee is going to celebrate 25 years in Bollywood. Most moderated sub featuring r/india [xpost r/dataisbeautiful]. The Said Truth.... HDFC Bank blocked and disabled my credit card for alleged forex trading.: [removed]. I wrote this short story titled The Guy with 4 Arms with a restricted character limit of 5000: [removed]. 7 BIGGEST Mental Turn Ons For Women Womens Dating Psychology BeerBiceps. Any dark humour fans here: So with all the shit going on r/DarkJokes I have created a sub r/DarkestJoke and going really well. If you are fan of Dark and Morbid humour feel free to join the party.. Best Resort In India For Couples Luxury Private Pool. A Sholay replay Asrani reanimates classic act for theatre. Uncanny Similarity: Schutzstaffel SS Shiv Sena SS Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh RSS . Amit bhadana funny video. [Reminder] RedditGifts Diwali 2018 exchange sign ups are closing on October 1. Indias Carnatic Singers Face Backlash For Performing NonHindu Songs. Final Year MBBS Student. Help.: Ive got a month left before my final year final internals theory and practicals. Ive really got to get through this. Im consider myself to be an average/moderately diligent student. But lack discipline in persistence. I know why syllabus here and there though not a total goner. Where do I begin Im lost. I want to do it all. I want to know it all. I wish to know the answer to every existant question. Know every clinical method and sign. Its an arrogance within that cries for the attainment of Medical Nirvana sounds cringy but Im sure there are quite a few likeminded heads out there. But I read slow and get fatigued quick. Pomodoro helps but..meh. Reading from a tab is distracting. Also got an OCD to highlight and underline the text that I read gives me a satiety no other ever can. Its pukish to read exam limited syllabus. Depressing to to open that question bank questions and limit yourself to those itself. Always hated reading for the sake of an exam makes me procrastinate and even hate the subject that I can otherwise enjoy. Dont manage to complete goals and get demotivated. I forget time and again why Im doing this. I fail at this everyday and have multiple starts...over and again. Im tired of starting over and again scripting newer plans and routines motivating myself again and again. For those of you who know how rigorous final year medical syllabus tell me what you did. From embryology to anatomy to physiology to pathology to micro and pharmacology to finally medicine and surgery. Im supposed to only read final year subs but theres no point if I cant connect the basics from 3 years ago. Reality hits that Ive got no time for this and hopelessness sets in. TLDR Final MBBS Im a hot mess. Ive got a month to possibly fix this. But Im stubborn. Help me Im willing to do what it takes. Tell me. App didnt let me cross post from r/doctorsofindia. Made a fresh post.. [Serious] Experienced folks of r/India please share your job hunting tips.: So I have around 13 years of experience and working as Principal Consultant BI for the India center of an American MNC for the last 7 years. Have started to look for a new job as salary seems to have stagnated. Ive been out of the job market for a while so looking for tips on the best way to get hired and find the best salary. Will appreciate all info like which are the best job sites to post my resume to pitfalls to avoid best way to find the salary range of a job and talking to recruiters.. [Serious] What do I need to do to become a music composer in India: As the question states I want to become a music producer/composer. I have no industry connections. I might also be too old to go the usual route Im 30. I have no formal music training. But Ive enjoyed writing songs for years. I have a large catalog of written songs most with complete lyrics. Even have a concept album written. For a few songs I have the instrumental tracks recorded. I dont have vocals for most tracks yet because I cant sing to save my life and I havent gotten around to finding a vocalist yet. Im not delusional most of these songs are probably not very good. But a few are okay I believe. I dont care much about the money but I just want to create music that people listen to. What would be the path to becoming a music producer Do I send demos to industry people Produce videos and upload on YouTube Play gigs . Unboxing new camera EOS200D.: [removed]. [Serious] Places to catch milky way galaxy in India: I want to the best places to catch milky way in India from your experience. Stay and itenary details are also helpful. Shiv Temple makronia Memory diary. Abortion in Delhi Help [Serious]: Hey people A friend is pregnant. Shes 4 weeks in unmarried and is looking to get her pregnancy medically terminated. The procedure is called MTP. Can anyone recommend any gynaecologist/obstetrician based out of Delhi for the same. It would also be immensely helpful if someone can share their experience of the procedure and any protips.. [Serious]Your thoughts on this article How India will be in 2050. Help us plan 4 day Himachal Trip: We group of 5 will start from chennai and pretty much blank at the moment. How should I do DelhigtCab to Himachal or ChandigarhgtHimachal. I have to babysit friends who wanna get high and smoke weed. So Malana should be part of 4 day trip. Is it possible to squeeze some shortdistance 1025Km trekking trips around those areas. We have to book ticket ASAP. Please help. . Dont Be Stupid Or OpIndia Will Do A Report On You. Just received this from someone who disagreed with something I said on a thread. Have you ever been personally targeted by someone on r/india Other female randians do you get this What can we do about it. TIL why Ganapati Bappa Moraya :  Moraya Gosavi the famous devotee of Lord Ganesh of the 14th century who lived in Chinchwad Pune. Pleased upon his bhakti devotion one day Ganesha asked him what vardan blessing he would wish. All Morya said that he would want his name to be always associated with him. Ganesha says Tathastu to his wish and declares that every time we call out for Lord Ganesh everybody should say it with Moraya. To Bola Ganapati Bappa Morya . How to build strong personality.: [removed]. Judiciary is making efforts to curb practice of adjournments President Kovind. Arunima Sinha a Motivational story Worlds first Female amputee to clim.... Ths man is looting us Mano chahe na mano. We need more flairs: A lot of posts in this sub are posted with the wrong flair simply because there arent enough flairs For example see [this one]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9emfwz/myfriendmadethispapercutartofthemapof/ or [this one]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9eo8dl/anynonfeministrandianlookingforgroom/ or [this one]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9eku0h/justsawthismanmarkingandreadingenglish/ Ive seen countless other posts these are just the ones I picked from my feed right now. A lot of these posts are Nonpolitical which is technically correct. Of course you could theoretically categorize all posts into Political and Nonpolitical. But I think we want more flairs apart from the current political nonpolitical policy/economy etc. ampx200B Suggestions Start with art Poetry . Is it possible to do a masters in IT/CS related field after graduating with an arts degree. There is need for quality lawyers for the poor Justice Muralidhar. How do I complain against a TV channel [SERIOUS]: I am following the England vs India test series on Sony Six and there are so many advertisements in the broadcast. They sometimes cut to breaks even when the over is in progress. At the end of the over or when a wicket falls even before a commentator has finished their thoughts they cut to an ad. Is there any way I can file a complaint against them with some regulatory body about this extremely poor viewing experience. Discord Server for Indian Weebs. Was depressed feel little better dont know what to do with future: I was a moderate student until 2011. I was joined in a faraway school in that year. I has became more solitude due to school. It was ok condition for me. However I spend that three years. Then I was joined in 2. It was unbearable for me. There were 60 students in my class. Teacher the dark class rooms above average students I was not average or studious etc made me depressed. I escaped from that prison in 2016 with 79 pass mark. Yes that by copying and pulgarism. My parents do not talk me much other than study study. And I felt it like as a prison. Then I joined BA.i joined a hostel. i got much more freedom. I will complete course in 2019. But I dont know what to do after that. I am shy and have little social exposure. I have backlogs. I dont wish to go back to my lonely house and became depressed like I was at plus two time. I have a relative in banglure. But he donot respond much nowadays. Then my other options are getting job in kochi or kozhikode . Friends Drink Ex Broke into her house at night serious: My friends ex had been troubling her on phone for the last few months. I always suggested her to make a formal complaint but her solution was to block him. Today night he somehow managed to find her address and broke into her apartment. She lives alone. he hit her twice and she manged to get out form the apartment into the common area and then shouted. Hearing this a neighbor came out and but meanwhile the Ex ran away. I am still thinking she was fortunate that the neighbor came to her rescue and that things could have turned out a lot worse. ampx200B She has finally agreed to make a complaint and 2 neighbors are willing to testify as witness. Before coming to her apartment he had made an abusive phone call using another number of which she has an audio recording. She also has his numerous abusive whatsapp messages to which she had clearly told him to stop contacting her altogether. Please provide your suggestions as to how to proceed with filing an FIR etc.. Randians.: [removed]. [R] Please help: Hi I request your valuable suggestions please. Total budget and country of purchase Till Rs 65000 India. Do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money Pick or include any that apply. Best specifications for the money One with an SSD would be great. How important is weight and thinness to you Not so much important. Which OS do you require Windows Mac Chrome OS Linux. Windows. Do you have a preferred screen size If indifferent put N/A. Prefer 15.6 inches. Are you doing any CAD/video editing/photo editing/gaming List which programs/games you desire to run. I would use the laptop primarily for Programming would have to install multiple memory intensive software for programming. If youre gaming do you have certain games you want to play At what settings and FPS do you want Not much of a gamer. Any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touchscreen fingerprint reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad Good keyboardback lit preferred and strong build quality is needed. Optical drive is optional. Leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion. I will mainly use the laptop for memory intensive programming. Apart from it i would use it for usual multitasking like Browsing Playing videos. Thanks much. You have beautiful white skin.. Hello ICSE Why do we need to teach democracy election commission votinggarbage to Class IV students. Nice of this subreddit to mod based on external factors... Way to enforce the Reddiquette.. Dipak Misra made me cry with the very first line of his judgement decriminalizing homosexuality. Shes back guys. Okay everyone. We got it. Gay sex is legal now. Stop fucking spamming the feed.. when stars are running in opposite to you.. Pakistanis finding a way to feel superior to Indians because our Foreign Minister is short: Really classy lot the so called educated reddit using Pakistani is [https//www.reddit.com/r/pakistan/comments/9d9rjc/when\you\visit\your\in\laws\before\marriage\vs\4/]https//www.reddit.com/r/pakistan/comments/9d9rjc/whenyouvisityourinlawsbeforemarriagevs4/. Controversy Over Ajit Dovals Jammu And Kashmir Constitution Remark. clinical research institutes in Bangalore: [removed]. Digital India. Just pick it. teachersday: [removed]. Modi Government Opposes Religious Minority Status Of Jamia Millia Islamia. I Went To Jamia Millia Islamia. This Is What I Learnt About Discrimination Against Hindus. Protests Alleging Discrimination Against Hindus Reach Jamia Gates. Why Lois Sophia Calling BJP Fascist On Board A Flight To Tuticorin Is Anarchy. r/AmexIndia hi whats the criteria to apply Platinum reserve Card [Twitter Thread]. Reddit Dharma Thank you to the redditor for sending Puia the part time watchman full time artist a drawing set. Bad Doggo. Can one prepare for elitmus in 3 weeks How should i prepare. How to pay LIC premium online . About micromax canvas infinity proMemoryDiary. computer basic. Indias Defense Minister on S400 Deal US Laws Dont Apply to New Delhi. India to Respond to US Refusal for Sanctions Waiver Over S400 Strategist. Lambiyan si judaiyan Female version. Life Insurance Basics: [removed]. [R] Request An android app that will send a complaint of a SPAM call to the DNC Registry on a single click: I get a lot of calls for loans and shit even tho I have been on the DNC list for several years. If someone can stitch an app together than will allow us to make a complaint about the number from the caller app itself it will make things a lot easier. Would be great if it got popular. Hell if one of yall android devs can make it content devs can buzzfeed it and push it over social media quick. make it viral or whatever. I know we can send an sms to register a complaint against a number. Anyone up for volunteering The format of the SMS is [here]http//ndnc.in/complainunsolicitedcommercialcalls. Higher Education India Top Colleges: [removed]. Pakistani New Singer bhot sureli awaz k sath. Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore confirms to reduce 50 School syllabus. Rent a boyfriend app launched in Mumbai. Career Convey Top Colleges and Higher Education: [removed]. Cops insist on giving information to Locked House Monitoring SystemLHMS App: Cops drop by and go door to door insisting on installing an app meant to monitor homes. Its not optional and they stood for quite a while as my internet was slow and app didnt install. Looks to me like a double edged sword. Maybe prone to misuse if the database gets leaked. The app is developed by MSM technologies which is based in AP and mainly helps students getting their BTech projects done. Would you install the app if they asked you [https//imgur.com/GlH3793]https//imgur.com/GlH3793. Major Gogoi found guilty likely to face court martial. [AskIndia] [R] What are some lesser known ways you or your friends make money on the side: Whenever such a question is asked on randia the answers are always the same old stuff become a freelance developer freelance writer or something which mostly involves internet. I think since most of randia consists of techies they have this inherent bias towards these gigs and they are not even aware of other opportunities. For example one of my friends 20 who goes to college full time makes serious bank by being a club promoter. Another one 19 makes around 15k a month by flipping the stuff he bought in airport customs auctions. Evidently theres plenty of money to go around if you know where to look for it. What are some of such untapped opportunities you might know of . Is it appropriate to force people for donations during Ganesh Chaturthi: Every year these organizers demand donations and when we give what we think is suitable but they dictate how much we should give. We never celebrate it in our area as we go to our native place for the festival. The way these people talk is very rude and makes me think why they need to force people in such matters.. Went out with my parents to buy chocolates for my sister. My budget was 500. I was willing to give her 4 separate chocolates big ones but my parents decided to give her a Silk chocolate pack. 24 mini chocolates to be exact because it will look good. I was going for value but they wanted display.: Is this the case with my parents only or is it a universal Indian parents thing. . Only if there was a cream for it. India Clears Decks For 24 American MH60 Romeo Helicopters For Navy. Found this on google images [NSFW]. [NSFW] Software Engineering waterfall model.. Old Bollywood movies: Hey My parents wish to watch old Bollywood movies. Im currently subscribed to Netflix and prime video but their collection is small at best. Any other sources Im open to torrents as well member of DT . Are India and China that different: We often feel jealous of all the progress China seems to have made and all the power it appears to have gained. But I dont think we are that different. China may be slightly better than us but I dont think there is a fundamental difference in the quality of life that Indians and Chinese enjoy. Both are feudal societies that are trying to modernise and failing miserably. Just as everything in India depends on connections and whom you know so does it in China. The Chinese call it guanxi. This is the hallmark of a feudal and kinshipbased society. Life works if you have connections it doesnt if all you have to rely on are institutions. Just as there is a rat race here towards certain careers paths and subjects so there is in China. Just as there is a struggle to access basic public services in India so there is in China. Just as the victims of natural and manmade calamities such as the floods in Kerala are subject to bizarre taunts by certain sections of our public so are they in China. In the words of one Chinese writer after every social tragedy victims are subjected to disdain on social media rather than sympathy... Just as Indians dream of migrating to the West in search of a better and more stable life so do the Chinese. Thus my question is [Are India and China all that different]https//www.nytimes.com/2018/08/23/opinion/internationalworld/thebitterregretsofauselesschinesedaughter.html If you read the article I have linked you might find that we have more in common than we realise. This is a matter of sadness rather than one of celebration. ampx200B. Artworks by Bangalorebased artist on vintage papers act as keepers of old memories. We are a week old food truck and we bought relief supplies with our gross sales until now. We are also planning to go to Kerala to volunteer with relief work and we are looking for local contacts and information to make our efforts reach people efficiently.: Hello there Me and my best friend have quit our respective careers and started a food truck out of passion for cooking and a couple of days into our journey we were struck with the news of ravaging floods in Kerala. We are from Vizag and have seen our share of natures fury during the HUDHUD cyclone of 2014. Although this is no where as devastating as the current Kerala floods we have an idea how hopeless the keralites may feel. As we emptied all our savings into our passion project we had next to nothing to donate during the past week and we have decided that the day we hit 10K mark on gross sales we would donate the said amount in one form or the other. It happened yesterday and [we bought some necessary medicines worth a little over 5K a case of baby food and 300 tetra packs of milk from our local diary. ]https//m.imgur.com/qePXNux We are also planning to go to Kerala and volunteer for relief operations by cooking for the people affected and/or in any way possible. We are hoping to find some local people to coordinate with and to acquire information needed to make our way to the needy places and to have better communication with the local people. If youre a volunteer or know a person who volunteers for the relief activities in flood affected regions please feel free to comment or message us here. Besides the items purchased above we are planning to gather some more support from friends and family and bring some basic ingredients and utensils necessary to prepare easy to cook dishes like upma and pongal. Also We are equipped with fryer vessel which can double as a water boiler to make some quick tea two commercial grade burners 3 X 19kg commercial gas cylinders and 3X20 litre cans of water. We hope to collaborate with someone local so our efforts can be put to better use and much efficiently. Hope to hear from you. Thanks a ton . We are a week old food truck and we bought relief supplies with our gross sales until now. We are also planning to go to Kerala to volunteer with relief work. And we are looking for local contacts and information to make our efforts reach people efficiently.: [removed]. Retro Voices Medley by Sangeeta Shembekar. Shut Up About Rafale Deal Anil Annan Tells Congress. Exercise Pitch Black Several Firsts For IAF In Australian Skies. Bangalore Escorts Escorts amp Hot Girls Service provide service: [removed]. Bangalore Escorts Escorts amp Hot Girls Service provide service. What are some of the better and high quality Doordarshan programmes: I recently started watching Bharat Ek Khoj produced by Doordarshan in the 1980s and it has me stoked. For its time the programmes is well funded and of high enough quality. Are there any other such high quality and comparatively good productions by Doordarshan. Lets take a stand for the people who has been saved and give them the necessary thing. Take a step towards our own kind.. [Serious] Have you guys ever met a monk: Monk sadhu or guru or baba in himalayas or monastery or anywhere for that matter. Did you feel that they are one of those enlightened souls How can one say that they are enlightened Have you guys ever been to a monastery Share your experiences. Id love to read. Been watching youtube videos about monks and stuff and man it amazes me everytime. They say that are taught about how to eat sleep breath stay focused etc etc in monastery.. Dont allow H1B holder to replace an American Top US immigration official. Eccentric headlines. What if you know someone whos facing sexual assault everyday in her life and is afraid of seeking help. How to help her Need some serious help here.: I know someone who has been raped 8 years ago and still trying to run away from the past. Shes completely broken mentally as well as financially. I dont know how to help her. Cause shes afraid for her parents. Im from Nagpur. If anyone anywhere know where to find any NGO or where to start. Please help. Please.. UPSC has released the NDA 2 Admit Card 2018 on August 20 2018 on upsc.gov.in. The candidates who filled the application form in time are now able to download the NDA Admit card. The Commission is going to conduct the National Defense Academy Admission Exam on September 09 2018.. Anyone applying for the indigo/jet airways cadetship from this sub: [removed]. One Of The Best Cover Song. Firstpost.com showing the worst kind of journalism possible.. Momina Mustehsan VS Shirley Setia Pakistan VS India. 1200 Keralites took refuge in Kongorpilly Govt School for 4 days and left it spotless. And some still say that Indians are uncultured. [xpost r/Kerala]. 1200 Keralites took refuge in Kongorpilly Govt School for 4 days and left it spotless. And some still say that Indians are uncultured. [xpost r/Kerala]. 1200 Keralites took refuge in Kongorpilly Govt School for 4 days and left it spotless. And some still say that Indians are uncultured. [xpost r/Kerala]. Coorg The Scotland of India. How do you feel about allowing guys to be a part of your group to give them stag entry to pubs: [removed]. Coorg The Scotland of India. In the lap of western ghats this natural marvel with tall coconut trees and large fields of coffee plantations swirling along the cool monsoom wind is a perfect escape from the scorching sun and busy city life. Discover the beauty of the Scotland of India: [removed]. There were many super hero during Kerela Floods and one of them was Fisherman of Kerela.. Kerala Floods Crypto Donations here Indian Bitcoin community can come together and help those in need: As we know the recent floods in Kerala India are the worst in 100 years. The full extent of the devastation still cant be calculated but its effects will easily be felt for a decade or longer. The death toll has already risen to around 350 people and still climbing. The people of Kerala need our help. Theres an opportunity for the Bitcoin community to come together and help those in need in India. This is also an opportunity to show the Indian government that crypto is more than just scams in India but rather an international community of people who can help and will use their resources to support those in need. Specifics on the process and how to make crypto donations is up at [https//pocketbits.in/KeralaFloods]https//pocketbits.in/KeralaFloods BTC can be donated at 3AWu8QKH5TqvrswfbjVyAbnufCRfaHy9Bf Thank you to [PocketBitsIndia]https//pocketbits.in/ inkparadox joel\john95 21Gabru indiabits21 and the BlockHack community for getting this moving so quickly Please feel free to share across if you think this is something you can support. Thanks . Help for the people of Kerala: [removed]. True jio has been very tough competition for all. Wouldnt you agree. Do you lie and swear on your mom to tell people that its the truth. Stop posting donations being given if a upvote limit is hit.: [removed]. Selenium online training. A big shout out for unsung heroes of Kerala. They are Kerela Electricity Board workers ensuring day and night uninterrupted supply of power in the flood hit areas. More power to these guys. Tweet by one of the RBI board of directors on Kerala floods. Stand With Kerala.... Kerala Chief Ministers Distress Relief Fund CMDRF Donation Portal Screenshot with Payment Options. I took a screenshot of full website in case it goes down again. It contains various payment options. You can donate through UPI too.Relief .. Things to remember after the Independence day: Things to remember after the Independence day An inspiring article/editorial for aspiring Youngsters. https//wemakeadiff.wordpress.com/2018/08/16/thingstorememberaftertheindependenceday/ GoRead out and share to ur friends and family. Must read. Top 10 Sun Temples in India. Liberal religion: Whats religion is more liberal Hinduism or Islam SERIOUS. . 59 Indians scale Everest in 2018 highest among foreign ascenders. Hinge dating app any reviews stories experience: Just thought of trying it out the idea is really good but just wondering if anyone is active on it or these are just old profiles. So any reviews stories. Atal Bihari Vajpayee Tefloncoated politician who lived life on his own terms.. Go: [removed]. How to fight fake science Sadhguru Edition [R]. There must be a r/indianlegaladvice for indian people problem. TIFU by ordering food at work from Zomato: I wish I got some plastic cutlery few tissues and a drink that was NOT guarded by better security than AADHAR. [Business cards FTW]https//i.imgur.com/0AGAR9D.jpg [Putting Area 51 to shame ]https//i.imgur.com/ULA3CLW.jpg. [R]Help/Sugggestions/Advice/... Too much stress. I dont know what to do right now.: [removed]. Berserk clouds in Whitefield yesterday. Is PUBG real. Your Morning Fix Independence Day Special The Making of the Indian Constitution. 51 rs amazon gift card for free.: So airtel is giving away 51 rs amazon gift card codes for free to subscribers. As I have no use for this code the first person to comment below will get it. . Best seo freelancing services in India. [R] Next big sale in Amazon: Hi Does some one know what are the next sales dates in Amazon India It would be much helpful if some one can let me know any details about it.. Bharat Mata Ki Jai. Independence Day Images 2018 [72nd Independence Day] QuintDaily. Hai Indians My I lunch My App TO USA Total India News: Hai Indians My I lunch My App TO USA Total India News. AMA with SHAKTI team: Hi r/india We are a team of students and project staff from IIT Madras working on Shakti processor program. We recently tapedout one of our cores on Intels 22 FFL technology node and have been successful in powering on the chip and booting linux on it. This is a IO heavy test chip meant to provide a POCProof of Concept and is not meant for direct consumption. We are excited to answer your queries Ask us Anything Our new website shakti.org.in. Google tracks your movements even when you tell it not to Report. Repeat pregnancy higher in women with intellectual developmental disabilities. Planning to withdraw cash on your credit card Watch out for the expenses. Watched Rang De Basanti Yesterday: The movie was released when I was a kid and didnt really understand it at that time. But I realised a few things after watching it afresh. They were talking about corruption causing the MIG 21 plane crashes and even long after the movie was released crashes are still happening. The characters they were laughing in the end at the point where they were about to die. Imagine you quit your job and do something different and it fails. But instead of feeling sad you laugh really hard because you actually enjoyed daring to take that risk and having chosen that option although it ended badly. That was the feeling that I felt conveyed in the scene. The characters got caught up in a clusterfuck for doing the right thing and they are about to die. I felt that the laughing at their own death part was pretty real. Some people in the past may actually have faced that. Have you read any good books by such people You can check out the movie as well if you havent seen so far.. Call Girls in Jaipur Jaipur Escorts Service Escort Services in Jaipur: [removed]. Just saw this Pic in one of the shopping mall in Bangalore. As per them Social discrimination in India is part of the British Divide amp Rule.. Honeymoon places: Honeymoon places in and outside India in late October. Advice needed. Thank you P.S. Resubmitting since first post was removed due to lack of flair.. From this to this we all grew up MOVIE UDAAN. Hi I have commited a crime.: [removed]. [R] Laptops buying in india: Is it better to buy laptops offline in india Or are Amazon Flipkart reliable I am looking for Asus laptops but it seems they are officially being sold through Paytm online. Has anyone of you brought Laptops from Paytm Your true experiences with Paytm wrt Laptops . Fellow Redditor in the Constitutional Law remedial class L.T. 2: I saw you using Reddit. Lets see if you see this \\\. Rude encounter with a girl: Came out of this pub and was waiting for my Uber. There was this girl walking next to me. Suddenly a bigass truck passed by her and impulsively I said Watch out. Her reply Dont worry about me I am fine in a rude tone. I mean wtf These bitches live in a world of their own where every guy is a perv wanting to get into her pants. Fucking pathetic. In this day and age. What is this world coming to. Le me during interview. Indian myself here. I think calling all edgy jokes as Sarcasm is the trend to look smart.. Help: [removed]. TVFs Yeh Meri Family: I recently completed all episodes of Yeh Meri Family and at each and every stage i was feeling connected to my past and it triggered a lot of nostalgia. And those beautiful memories me and my brother shared. Some of them i want to share here 1. Preparing 1 pack maggi noodles every Sunday and sharing it with him. We used to fight so that we both get equal strands of noodles. D 2. Having Hajmola tablets because they were damn tasty and nothing comes close to it. 3. Playing games on computer with him. 4. Sharing our toy cars and racing them with each other. 5. Watching those amazing cartoons on disney hour talespin buzz lightyear uncle scrooge Arabian Nights etc. Listening to its juke box right now Wish i could just cry and hold him right now. I love you brother.. [R] Ministry of Corporate Affairs makes Aadhaar mandatory for Company Directors. Looking for pointers if there is a group I can petition against this: Just received this message from my CA that aadhaar is now mandatory in KYC form at MCA site. Does anyone know of any group of lawyers/people who can petition to courts Ill be happy to contribute to the campaign. I have stayed without Aadhaar this long and plan to stay without it if possible at all.. Pune traffic during Maharashtra Bandh. Quit India Movement anniversary PM Modi remembers Mahatma Gandhi. 60 of newborns in India are still not breastfed in the first hour. [R] Seriously. Why are there no bhakt trolls on this sub. Its so surreal.: \[removed\]. How can outside food in multiplexes pose a security threat HC to Maha govt. Please help a PhD student complete his dissertation. Just one minute survey inside: [removed]. Please help a PhD student complete his dissertation. Just one minute survey inside: [removed]. My store of my first flat RERA and Refund: [removed]. [Serious] Did Indian Hindus shave their beard and allow the moustache to grow to distinguish themselves from Muslims who grow their beard. Love song which puts you in love. Police Uniforms: Why does the police need to wear a Uniform Please dont tell me its the law. MBBS in Ukraine Admission MBBS: [removed]. Study MBBS In Georgia Medical Admission: [removed]. Surat Lactating moms donate milk for motherless babies. UIDAI slams Aadhaar fearmongering says helpline number cant steal data. Happy Friendship Day Bollywood style. I feel like I am not someone capable of responsibilities: So I am a 20yearold female MBA student who lives in the campus hostel accommodation and most of the people here are a few years older than me. This is the first time I am living on my own and living away from my family. Usually when something went wrong or somebody had to be taken to the hospital my father used to be there. Here we are on our own. So one of the girls from my class had fallen sick and severely sick. So sick that she could not even get up from bed to take her medicines and drink water. I didnt know that she was this sick. She even attended the classes because one has to maintain 90 attendance in each semester in order to be able to sit for placements. Now usually I am an introvert kind of person who usually doesnt initiates conversations until someone else starts the conversation first. This is usually because I am afraid of what they think about me. This behavior has led my class to believe that I just dont like to talk. So first she tried calling her friends but none were present in the campus. Then she called me asked me to pass her the bottle of water. I live in the room next to her. When I went to her room I realized how serious the situation was. She was so weak that she had to call me from another room to help her take her medicines. I passed her jacket so that she could stay warm and brought her hot drinking water. Then I panicked. I had never handled this kind of situation before. I wanted to be of help. So went back to my room and told my roommate all this. Now she is a few years older than me. She told me to tell the campus administrator the campus administrator told us to get her admitted to the hospital. Now I am new to this city. I didnt know where the hospital is and I felt that I am responsible for her health. At the same time I was worried about calling an auto as being girls we didnt know where the hospital is or if the auto will even take us to our destination. Now all this may sound like naive thinking but this is what was going through my mind in that moment of panic. Anyways I called an auto right outside our college who himself didnt know where the nearest hospital was. By this time other people started noticing this. One of the guys offered to help saying that he knew the way and one of my roommates also accompanied them because she also knew the. So all those three left and I feel like they left me behind thinking I am this dumb person who doesnt know basic things. One of her friends who later came to know about this said that she is going to visit her at the hospital and I offered to accompany and she said Thanks yar tune uski help ki but tu jake kya karegi vaha jake me dusre friend k sath bike me ja rahi hun.Thanks for helping her but what will you do by going thereto the hospital I am going with another friend of mine on bike and here I am sitting here feeling like an idiot. To clarify I am not holding anyone responsible its that in situation like this I panic and most people dont think much of me.. Bangladesh students attacked during Dhaka protest BBC News. NEET PG 2019 Application Form Exam Dates: [removed]. Trenching to combat floods at Marari beach Allapuzha Kerala. Mathematician Akshay Venkatesh Jack of all fields master of one. Help request[serious] I am planning to start an orphanage and old age home.: Help request[serious] I am planning to start an orphanage and down the line an old age home.. Those who have done something like this or have knowledge can you please point out how to start Also the charity funding part. It is going to be in Bihar. . Re Thank god no religion is against eating chickens: [Thread Exotic meats have you had the pleasure of tasting]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/93n2mo/whatexoticmeatshaveyouhadthepleasureof/ gt I may have consumed dog/cat meat. gt I wont eat dogs cats gt Was about to eat the dog but my guts left me at the exact moment and I become veggy in 5.3 seconds gt Had opportunity for dog meat but I couldnt bring myself to eat it. DONT NEED NO RELIGION TO BE RELIGIOUS Irrationally against/for something . NRC Assam Final Draft Out Here are 5 ways to check your name. Ghatika Yantra The Ancient Indian Water Clock. Dating an Expat pointers will definitely help: [removed]. Dating a Firang pointers would definitely help: Any one here dated a firang. I have been meeting one at my Yoga classes. We been classmates but off late she has been very accommodative to join me for refreshments after yoga classes or meet up in the evenings for dinner etc. Got to know shes just had a divorce she and her ex are residing in the same residential complex here. Is it fine to extend a friendly hand toward her. Could there be complications Any tips or pointers if such relationship could progress further would definitely help. Is it me or anyone else also despise the new Havells Water Purifier ad.: I mean spitting out the water is simply idiotic and then accompanying the message that water may have acid so use Havells Water Purifier. . Has anyone here applied for a final settlement of their PF Once the amout has been settled would your UAN still be active and can this be used at another job [Serious]: Google wasnt as helpful or I am looking for personal experiences so any help would be greatly appreciated. . Bengalore Traffic. Meet The 3 Influential Women Of Madras in History. There is a Cow. [Serious] Lol whats with you indians and loving to rape people. After Mumbai Mans Son Died Because Of A Pothole He Filled 500 Of Them. I love r/india. Funny version Tera ghata Musically funny videos compilation 2018. Safety and other issues in Gurgaon: Hi r/india I will be shifting soon to gurgaon and wanted to know about the areas in city where safety is good/excellent. Also some people told me that water is not available in some areas in gurgaon. Is it so And if yes what are those areas. Himachal Pradesh. [Serious] How to make an Independence Day celebration with 20000 kids more interesting: A friend of mine is at the helm of this mega event in a school. He wants to do something more than flag hoisting. Any creative ideas how to make the event better. New Funny Videos 2018 Try To Stop Laughing. Our fellow countrymen set the bar this time. Flashing news asked a man to move the car to a better parking spot and he obliged without an argument: Happy to share the news that may come across as a shocker to many people /s A road behind my society just enough for for 2 parallel cars important road too as its the way for most residents and is the route to two play schools has become a permanent parking spot for the nearby corporate park. A particular spot or 2 at the roadcurve is the most troublesome becuase a car parked at that spot only leaves space enough for another car to get through and as a result we see jams all day long especially during the school timings. By my sheer luck the man who had parked the car there returned to fetch something from the back seat and there I saw my opening and asked him to move the car to different spot. I explained him the reason and showed him an alternative spot just 10 meters ahead and he said ok main dekhta hu ok Ill see. Now at that moment I was thinking that the man just said it to acknowledge me but wont do a thing but to my surprise he passed his bag to his wife/coworker who reached the spot just now and went ahead to open the driver seat door. I thanked him while he was opening the front door and went on my way. I dont know if he obliged becuase he was accompanied by a female or the road is busy and people were watching or may be he actually saw sense in my request Whatever the reason may be I was happy to see a positive outcome. Made my day Kind of r/upliftingnews Thanks for reading. . Public service announcement for those who havent filed their IT yet date has been extended to 31st Aug: Was about to file for a family member and saw the announcement up on the website. So those of you who havent paid theres still time. . We finally got the solution of all the problem of infrastructure issues in any city in India.: Dont blame politicians corporators and municipalities simply put the positive angles. Yayy hurray for the SPIRIT OF THE CITY is awesome.. I am an CSE f[r]esher and I would like your comments on my resume please: [removed]. Why are we against sterlite: Why are we against sterlite. We all are well aware of the facts and that no particular organisation can be blamed for the pollution caused. A research paper published in the journal of Geological Society of Indias July 2017 issue said numerous industries had affected quality of water by dumping effluents. It included sterlite copper Heavy Water Plant Nila Sea Foods. Gas leak from Sterlite cannot be confirmed and stamped as there are other industries in vicinity that have the potential to cause pollution. Tuticorin Thermal Power Station TTPS located near the sea has discharged effluent containing harmful fly ash into the sea waters. The dumping of this hot and polluting waste for a decade resulted in spoiling the breeding ground of kooni iraal baby prawn that our country boat fishermen used to harvest. Though the fishermen got directly affected by the coal based power plant TTPS they never protested against it. A fertilizer unit near tuticorin has recently let out treated water with huge amounts of ammonia in it killing several tonnes of fish. There was never a point raised against the unit in the protests. While ironically Sterlite Copper is blamed for the pollution of water in thoothukodi as well. We all know that Sterlite Copper is a zero liquid effluent discharge plant. The people at protests claim Sterlite copper for all the pollutions they are witnessing. They forgot the fact that thoothukodi is an industrial hub with many industries in and around it. If they are getting affected by something it would be due to the combined effect. They cannot categorize air into different units and name them by their place of origin coz no one knows from where they originally come from right. Inspired by r/IndianAcademia theres Indian Academia group on Telegram where you can discussion share resources and ask questions pertaining to Indians academics/admissions/education.. What do you guys men wear to office: Looking for advise on comfortable formal wears for men.. Always against the Fake News. Todays Reality. I am in 4th year of engineering and my college is simply refusing to let me choose the electives subject. They have fixed the subjects at their end and no one cant choose any subjects apart from them. They are hell bent on teaching me Software Mgmt and Testing. Feeling Damn Irritated.: This has been the story of my past 3 years of engineering. No choice of subjects. Other students in my college dont give a fuck about the subjects or any choice in them. I really dont want to study S/W testing and mgmt instead I want to learn about Product development Automation and Entrepreneurship. Is this a case with my college only or many of faced this problem of college themselves fixing the subjects you want to learn. . one night stand Watch this epic video lt3. Remembering Chandra Shekhar Azad on his 114th birth anniversary. Is South India Turning into Desert Project GreenHands. The problem with India a foreigners perspective: [removed]. Aadhaar What have we done [R]: Obviously most of you must be up to date with all the data leaks that are happening because theres weak or no security for most government run databases. How can this be rectified technically legally and will we ever curb our governments egregious overreach. Dance Till Youre dead2018 l Try to not laugh: [removed]. Need help regarding Vodafone.: [deleted]. 7 Indian Historical Palaces turn into performance areas. A delicate sapling puncturing the hard tarmac. Clicked near my hostel. Dedicated to those working hard despite the odds alone and in silence.. r/IndiaSpeakz seem to be brigading this subreddit.: [removed]. [Rant] I cannot live with my family anymore: [removed]. I was having a discussion with my relatives and I just mentioned India as Hindustan and image as chavi and they went Bonkers like WTF have I said and that I am wrong to say India as Hindustan and I should always refer India as India only as if Hindi is a untouchable language.: I encountered them with the fact than Hindi is also my mother tounge and I have said no wrong and committed nothing wrong. But they simply choose to ignore me. Feeling Damn irritated like what the fuck have I said wrong. Referring India as Hindustan and I am simply an idiot Rant over. . I may get banned for it but the way opposition is behaving and shouting like hell during Narendra Modis reply I think opposition is being totally Idotic and Unethical here.: Will come here tomorrow to see if I am banned. . An interesting short story.. Russian tourist drugged gangraped in India. Indias First Education Innovation Managed Service Company. Thats it. Ive seen everything.. Ask us your burning questions about India We would try to answer them. [R] Why do we blame the weakest person in the chain Talking about a personal anecdote swiggy incident yesterday.: So my cab driver was fined last week for waiting for me outside my office. There was a complication recently because of which my offices parking was shut so everyone parks outside now as suggested officially by the office building management. How is this reasonable. There is no space for this person to park but is fined when waiting outside. Who is to blame here Definitely the building. I told the driver to speak to building management. I assisted him in finding the right people to talk to and I in backing him up in confirming that parking outside was the official recommendation of building management. SO yeah hes being issues compensation. I speak about this now because of the Swiggy post from yesterday. Restaurants dont have enough parking space to support swiggy like service and yet swiggy chooses to partner with these people. And who ends up inconvenienced The weakest person in the chain. Guys who ride bikes all day in this dreadful delhi weather. While it is sad that people were injured and property was damaged who is really to blame for the situation here IMO its swiggy. Stop partnering with restaurants that do not have the infra to support your business model. After all its your name that is being dragged thru the mud here. As for restaurant owners losing business the only solution I see for them is to pressure the government into building proper markets with infra that can support food delivery this way. The location of Delhi19 the restaurant in question is Kalkaji. A upper middle class colony is south delhi. The market association is full of rich people with a lot of clout. They should be doing something to help their own situation. lets not pretend it cant happen. Less than a kilometer away from this restaurant is the CR Park market no. 1 which is quite a large market complex constructed just 10 years ago. It is possible. But I guess its just easier to complain about delivery boys than fix the situation.. What is Giza Cotton Explained in easy way By Industry Experts. Class 7 Girls Brother Died In UP School. She Tried To Poison Everyone. [R] Northie bastards... Tafy Find best time to leave.. R/Indians who work in construction and infrastructure development what exactly causes potholes Is it that hard to make roads that dont die every monsoon [R]. Contactless NFC payments being Made using a Hybrid smartwatch.. 70 years of Independence How Communists kept pestering the British throughout the freedom struggle. Typical day at r/ india: Rape scandal muder some vague question without any proper context more rape some politician did something stupid that one good story or post that makes me happy. ola. PSA Hotstar is streaming Sacha Cohen Barons new show Who is America: Synopsis Wikipedia Who Is America explores the diverse individuals from the infamous to the unknown across the political and cultural spectrum who populate our unique nation Here is thread on it on r/television np.reddit.com/r/television/comments/8z9978/iendedthefirstepisodeofwhoisamerica/utmsourceshareamputmmediumtoastonlyandroidapp The nature of the show is creating a lot of controversy already. Also props to Hotstar for streaming new shows almost immediately they air in US. . PSA Hotstar is streaming Sacha Baron Cohens new show Who is America.: Synopsis Wikipedia Who Is America explores the diverse individuals from the infamous to the unknown across the political and cultural spectrum who populate our unique nation Here is thread on it on r/television https//www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/8z9978/iendedthefirstepisodeofwhoisamerica/utmsourceshareamputmmediumtoastonlyandroidapp. PSA Sacha Baron Cohens new show Who is America is streaming on Hotstar if anyone is interested.. A view from my apartment in Bangalore. 10 Forbidden Places in India WE DARE YOU To Visit. A view from my apartment in Whitefield Bangalore. Lake management in Indian cities: [removed]. [SERIOUS] Was any first world country as bad as/ worse than India in the case of rapes brutality lynchings etc. at some point in time. ONE MORE MOB LYNCHING Techie Beaten To Death By Mob In Karnataka After WhatsApp Rumours. It couldnt get more Correct than this.. Why the hell did this get 400 upvotes. Discord Server Dying : [removed]. 21 M4F Looking forward to host a female Ahmedabad: Hello pals. Thanks for stopping by. If youre an Indian or if youre in Ahmedabad India lets have some fun. Id love to have some fun time with you. I can host at times just ask when you text me. We can chat about it so we can feel safe about it and let know each other about the kinks. Let me know if this seems interesting to you. Edit PM me please Im loosing comments. . Need help learning Tamil through Telugu: Looking to learn conversational Tamil. Tried few resources. Nothing is working out. Anyone who knows TeluguampTamil any pointers to pick up Tamil faster through Telugu . 21 M4F Ahmedabad Looking to host a female: Hello pals. Thanks for stopping by. If youre an Indian or if youre in Ahmedabad India lets have some fun. Id love to have some fun time with you. I can host at times just ask when you text me. We can chat about it so we can feel safe about it and let know each other about the kinks. Let me know if this seems interesting to you. . Morpheus Human consulting Pvt.Ltd: [removed]. Battlefield1 Walkthrough Gameplay Part 1Intro:  Hi everyone check out my new youtube channel ans click the subscribe button more awesome thing coming on your way. Stay updated and leave a comment below and let me know what you like to watch . [Battlefield1 Walkthrough Gameplay Part 1Intro]https//www.youtube.com/watchv4PvoVD3TTzE. Lets talk Randia im bored lonely sad and hopeless. Fellow CS Students/Professionals of Randia can you guide me through CS Placements: [removed]. PSA BESCOM bill payment failures this month: BESCOMs autodebit has failed for this month since they are having issues with the Bharat Bill Pay system. Since most linemen are very enthusiastic on disconnecting on due date itself they need tips to reconnect even after bill payment Id recommend that everyone reconfirm with this months payment has been credited to BESCOM either on their site or on telephone helpline. Do not trust status given by your bank and/or Paytm etc. Message from HDFC Alert Due to technical issue at BESCOM Smartpay bill payment on cards wasnt made. Please pay manually.If its paid twice amt will be adjusted in next bill. Ignore if paid. Anyone here know about Chandigarh University: I am thinking of pursuing LLB after my graduation. I have applied at Symbiosis Law School and Delhi University but I dont think Ill be getting into either. I have also applied at Chandigarh University and I am positive I will get in also it may be my only choice. I am a little skeptical about it as it is a private university and I have found many negative reviews on the internet saying they are unnecessarily strict with attendance most of the people saying this were pursuing engineering. So is there anyone who is an ex or current student or anyone who has knowledge about CUs law department Is it a safe bet or should I look for other colleges I posted the same on r/IndianAcademia but didnt get any response.. [NP] AMMA wrong in taking Dileep back without consulting all members says Kamal Haasan. A Discord Server Full Of Indians: [removed]. AFCAT 2 192 posts of officers in Indian Air Force Jobs Port. A North Indians guide to South Indians: [https//wordpress.com/post/deepakmahesh249065732.wordpress.com/4]https//wordpress.com/post/deepakmahesh249065732.wordpress.com/4. Well r/India im bored and cant do anything lets have a conversation: Well I am extremely bored and cant do anything so lets have a conversation about anything you want you have to pick the topic or ask me anything you want.. [AMA] I am a successful YouTuber who just reached 4 subs. Ask me anything.: https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCnXeu7669sK2H9sz1IsC7Q First original video coming soon.. Need a Dos and Donts list for a first Tinder date: [removed]. Sects unite to save Section 377. Uttar Pradesh Triple Talaq victim dies after monthlong torture in Bareilly. Chinese cancer warriors to get helping hand from India Times of India. Need funds for Joining Harvard Universitys Asia Conference at Kuala Lumpur. Only 10 got selected from India.: Myself Subho Mistri from kolkata.I dont have a strong financial background neither my friends. So they are unable to help me. So I left with two options. One Ask my connections to help me through LinkedIn and the other option is reddit. So Im posting here. This conference can help me to make connections and give me a platform to represent india at the global level. Im from Jadavpur University Kolkata currently studying by bachelors. So Im asking for your help. I need nearly 70k for the registration and the trip. If 1000 people help me with 60 it will generate 60k and my family can arrange 10k. In return I will give my service anyway possible. Im very good at marketing products. If any startup founder seeing this post. I am telling you I will offer you free service and will shoutout for your company at the conference. So those who wanna help me please message me for details. I have all documents. I am talking to my University also but as its not my domain the chances of their help is narrower. Please feel free to drop a message. Thank you. You guys are my only hope. https//i.redd.it/k4nyr13z73911.jpg. Hello guys. Myself Subho Mistri. I am from Kolkata. Yesterday I got selected for Harvard Universitys Asia Conference and invited to give my speech at the conference at Kuala Lumpur.please see the details in comment section. Can we have discord voice chat group to fight loneliness[R]: I think it would be a great idea. Has anyone tried voice chat with strangers We can connect with each other anonymously to help out each other.. Until India has a dual semester system implementation for every course or a total education overhaul I really dont think conducting National level exams like JEE NEET twice will be a solid bet moreover it can create chaos over seat allotment.: It will provide a chance to the student to go for it again but atleast tell how the system will work before implementing it.. And just 2 months apart atleast give them more than 3 months to come out more stronger then before. . The Wall may be really ancient n have scriptures but lets fix a switch board over it . BSNL is offering 20GB/day internet at 20 Mbps with Unlimited calling for RS 491 . post FUP speed 1 Mbps . Training Program and Workshops: [removed]. BDS Admission and Course Details: [removed]. Rihannas nose getting so famous. Nose jobs can be called Rhinoplasty now.. SHOW REDDIT Provlem Solving Community for Anonymous User. Deep down everyone has problem but most of them fear to share their problem online because of Identity.. Our Indian Rail School. Dont learn JavaScript as your first language: Hi all. Im a full stack dev with 5 years experience. Yesterday I saw someones post about a basic path to follow if they want to learn programming. Incredible post and totally agree with the overall structure of the program with one exception you should not learn JavaScript as your first language. Heres why Short Version JavaScript hangs midway between Object Oriented and Functional Programming paradigms. So to be fluent in JS you should have a good grip on both functional/OO models which is not the case for beginners. Long Version JavaScript is immensely popular these days since its the native language interpreted by the web browsers. A rich ecosystem of tools has cropped around it you mightve heard about things like React Angular jQuery etc. Thats the power of Js its irreplaceable. But on the backend the picture is not the same altogether. The author mentioned that JavaScript spans the full stack since with the advent of Node.Js. While thats technically true its a masochistic way of doing things. There is \no\ JS framework which is nearly as mature as its python/ruby counterpart say Django Rails. As a result to be productive you have to learn something other on top of your time already spent with JS. Someone gave me similar advice about JS early in my programming career but I made the mistake of ignoring it. Since I came from Java I thought I could grasp JS quickly. I did grasp it but there was nothing quick about it and in the end it was practically useless for what I wanted to dofull stack web development. My advice Follow the schedule mentioned in the said post but replace 3 with a book on Ruby/Python. I personally gravitate towards Ruby since its beginner friendly and \purely\ OO which is one of the basic concepts you need to master for any kind of programming career. If people care Ill add some good books on python/ruby here. Cheers and happy coding.. Need to gtfo from my parents house: [removed]. Arrange Marriage messed up: [removed]. Karenjit Kaur The Untold Story of Sunny Leone Official Trailer Premieres 16th July on ZEE5. [Serious] What are the import tariffs on China as of 2018: Are we still banning a large amount of Chinese goods Anybody has any idea what the specific tariffs are. [Serious] What things India do better than any other country: There is always comparison of few projects by ISRO in terms of costcutting etc which make all Indians suddenly proud and patriotic. But which other things do you know India do better than any other country in any field. I found this discord server full of Indians today.: [https//discord.gg/5nrNBkT]https//discord.gg/5nrNBkT some nice channels some not that nice . AICTE PG Scholarship All for FirstYear Undergraduates: The All India Council for Technical Education is offering scholarships to firstyear M.Tech /M.E./Pharma students having valid GATE/GPAT scorecard. Popular known with the name [GATE scholarship]http//www.buddy4study.com/scholarship/aictepggategpatscholarship201718 it offers financial assistance to the students pursuing above postgraduation programs from an AICTE approved college.. Thats not a toll free number its a scam run by BSNL to fool illiterates and charge them for life. Source of revenue for BSNL after Jio disruptions. Can somebody address mt concerns about DTU CS: Ive been allotted DTU CS but Im sceptical about joining due to the aforementioned reasons 1 The seats have been increased drastically 140 to 360 the change happened in 2016. Including branches of it and software engineering along with cs there are now 600 students. 2 No real studies. You have to learn everything on your own. This puts me in a dilemma since if Im supposed to do everything by myself anyway why not join some other course at a better institute For example electronics and instrumentation at BITS Pilani Pilani campus. 3 Its kind of a noissue but I will not get a hostel there. I wanted one because I consider that aspect to help me develop my personality et al. Can somebody whos aware of the institute/course addresss these concerns Thanks for your efforts. My other option seens to be electronics and instrumentation at Pilani.. [Serious] Out of sheer desperation for money we are thinking of investing in Uber/Ola need experienced advice.: Okay let me get this out first Dad was working for relatives business and now due to family issues he is planning to come out of it at age of 55 with 80k in savings with no proper skills to start a business on his own. No qualification. Both brother and I cant work as it takes at least 2 yrs for one of us to complete our education. Financially we might hit rock bottom if we dont do anything now. Brother is keen on getting into ola/Uber. He wants to appoint driver for the time being. His only reason for getting into this is tomorrow if shit hits the fan and if we are forced to quit our education he is ready to put his engineeringMech aside and drive the cab by himself and support the family. Its not that he is not interested in engineering. I am not good at driving and i dont think there is any one out there ready to give a job for someone with half assed degree an no skills. No of us any experience in business field. Please drop your suggestion/insights/or any other info related to this business or any other business for that matter as where to start what is the margin How is the current trendI live in Hyderabad if that helps etc. I am not asking for spoon feeding as we have already started contacting true value etc for financing options and doing our bit on it but due to this sudden shock and fear every attempt/thought of us looks very desperate and not thoughtful. There is no one to guide us. I am the elder one and i feel hopeless. We are more worried about the hidden risks which we might not discover in the research phase and we cannot take any risk of loss. A small mistake might exhaust our entire savings and put us in a worse situation. Any other better business options/suggestions are also welcome but we are looking for ones where much of our physical presence is not needed. Just in case if you are wondering whether i am trying to earn money by setting up a business without working No i am not we are ready to work on this idea after our college hours.We dont have a option at this point.. Dont know what to title it.: [removed]. An invisible minority rationalists in modern India. PSBT Documentary.. Month of Sawan 2018 Spiritual News India. [VIDEO] CAR ACCIDENT INDIA 2018. Marriage Kids and Cultural Differences [R][NP]: So I switched doctors and went to get my annual health checkup. My doctor american was getting all sorts of family history and details. Along the way she asked if I was married and for how long. I said Id been married 3 years. She asked if I had kids and I said no. Her next Q. was if my wife was as old as me and when she found out the answer said something like oh then you have a lot of time fast forward 30 mins where I was getting bloodwork done and the guy taking my blood was of indian origin. He started with the same questions and when I said i was married 3 years he basically said so its about time you have kids. Just found the cultural difference interesting. Ive had random indian people tell me its about time i had kids so this was not the first. oversimplified TLDR indian gt married gt kid compulsory . I kinda wish Sanju was not about Sanjay Dutt but about the evils of drugs and the person.: Like its whatever what they have shown in the movie but can you imagine a mainstream movie as popular as this one relaying the message about evil of drugs focused entirely on that rather than making it his biography. And I know we have had tons of movies for that purpose but nothing has been as mainstream as a Raj Kumar Hirani film.. At a time when everyone is going gaga over Sanju movie propaganda its time to remember what Randias favorite Nana Patekar said on Sanjay Dutt. [From 2013]. Lost money due to my carelessness.: I lost around Rs. 1100 in like 4 days. I had a Rs. 500 note that slipped outof my pockets while was driving my scooter and today I cancelled a Rajdhani ticket that cost me Rs. 625. Mom had been asking me to cancel it for weeks now but I postponed it for no reason at all. My carelessness is making me feel stupid and depressed. How can I avoid such things from happening again. [R] process to disconnect from airtel broadband: Does anyone know how to get proper disconnectionn from airtel broadband. Be positive no matter what Memory diary. [R][Serious] What is going on with the child kidnapping whatsapp forwards and subsequent lynchings: This is terrifying. I half suspect this is in preparation for the national elections but its just a fear. Can anyone share any insights into the matter Have the number of incidents increased or are they just being publicized more Please mind that his is a serious post. I will be reporting any comments that are off color.. a 5k upvoted comment on r/india. About Rindia: [removed]. Tales of Rindia with audio. check tis out ..this is India. You can take the Indian out of India but never India out of the Indian. Seen at Toronto Canada. Button would just not stay. This morning my girlfriend took a cab to her college and later the cab guy texts this I laughed it off when she told me to make it look less serious but seriously when will this end. Boyfriend is suspecting me of cheating on him: [removed]. Any Indian social media marketing people here Can you help me in targeting Marathi NRIs see details in post: [removed]. What your plans this weekend: What you planning this weekend I am gonna buy 24 pack of Bira and party out with friends. So What did You Learn on the First Day of School. Best way to wire transfer money to India from US: I need to transfer some money to India. I am banking with Bank of America right now and Kotak in India. What is the best way to transfer money and what kind of issues can I face. Dhadak Title track. [Serious] Someone has made a fake account of my friends mother on a Public Platform.: Some degenerate has made an account of my friends mom and uploaded the picture on the website. He/she wrote that shes a prostitute and gave her number and shes getting calls and lewd messages asking for rates. What should be done The family is in shock and scared of filing a complaint. Im trying to get in contact with the site using their email and facebook. but im not sure theyd give me his IP and Email Address. the website is www.kwai.com. Advise with Oxy i would advise you in relationship girls guys and every other thing except investments and education: As the title says. I am bored and would help you in decisions that you are struggling with like which pair of cloths and shoes to buy to what you have to do to get laid. Disclaimer I am not a professional.. How do I go about mentally preparing for arranged marriage d[R]ama: Greetings rIndians I know this aint Quora but I dont have an account there and dont intent to ever create one so Im pestering you guys about my predicament. Here is the breakdown of my problem 1. Early 30s. I run a family business. 2. Never socialized with ladies never had any female friends/acquaintances. 3. Was resisting marriage since I was 25. 4. Dad has Terminal/Stage 4 cancer Diagnosed in December. 5. Me eldest son. 6. Everyone close to family who knows about dads condition telling me a.k.a. mentally harrassing/think about your dad to get married. 7. I say \sigh okay back in April. 8. Dad was full happy and went on asking kundlis/kundli matching since then. 9. I always halfassed and okayed if they shoved some girls photo in my face I was mildly depressed... 10. Three months pass. 11. Apparently I have to meet a girl tomorrow in some temple. 12. Nervous breakdown since yesterday. 13. Ugh. If you had asked me about marriage just 6 months ago I would have laughed in your face and would be holed up in my mancave playing some videogames and procrastinating my free time away. I know Im royally rekt now but how the frigging heck do you escape from this p.i.t.a. Im too much of a coward to even think of suicide and at this stage it would make my family feel even worse. Dads been energetic since last few months because hes been busy with all this marriage stuff even though hes undergoing WBRT since last week because brain metastasis oncologist said lt6 months. FUCK. 1. Dont want to commit suicide. 2. Cant say NO to dad because itll make him feel even miserable. 3. Cant run away from home because business obligations and dad cant run business anymore. Have loans to pay. My only option is to keep delaying saying girl didnt suit me or some stupid reason and keep delaying till dad passes away but that would be heavy burden on my conscience...he has already prepared the Will and me and my brothers marriage is one of the final things in his bucket list. Halp. tldr dad has cancer wants me to get married before he dies Im like a nerd whos never been within close proximity to a girl.. The piece of paper that is struggling to prevent the country from becoming another Pakistan. First time renter in Bangalore advice needed: Hey Randians howdy I am moving to Bangalore in like 3 days and have looked for a flat. Now the deposit for my room is around 60k. How do I ensure that I get it refunded fully As I have heard owners generally try to appropriate it. I am planning to buy an expensive mattress and a recliner. But the problem is what if I move Wont transporting them a hassle Further any advice for first time renters to avoid getting scammed. Friend moving to Singapore for his internship needs some parttime work: Hey guys howdy So theres this friend of mine who is moving to Singapore for a 6 month internship. He wants to bear his expenses on his own and hence he is looking for a some parttime work. He recently started with food photography but it might take some time before he starts making any significant money off it. He has an excellent command over English and is the current course topper chemistry. Could you guys suggest him something I know Chegg is an excellent way but his application was rejected lately.. [R] People that suffered because of demonitization share your stories: More than a year now and Im still reading reports of how much DeMo damaged the economy but there are people that still believe it was a good move. I dunno about them but if youve suffered lets talk about it. Myself there were days I used to dream of finding ATMs with money in it. My partner used to tell me Id talk in my sleep about it. We lived in an area that didnt have stores close by that accepted card payment. And most stores stopped using PayTM soon too. Buying cigarettes had become difficult. Jeez. It was a major inconvenience for me but it wasnt the death of me unlike it was for several. Share your stories.. Any forum related to IT property laws: [removed]. Our Ministry of Health thinks Depression can be treated by thinking positive or being creative or eating fruits or sleeping. Not even a mention of therapy or psychology.. Advice with oxy i would advise you in relationship girls guys and every other thing except investments and education: As the title says. I am bored and would help you in decisions that you are struggling with like which pair of cloths shoes to buy to what you have to do to get laid. Disclaimer I am not a professional and am drunk.. THIS RAPPER FROM SIKKIMINDIA HAS POTENTIAL: [removed]. Hiring Folks all levels in Integration EAI BoomiMuleTibcoDevOpsAWS: Hi I help out as a Tech Recruiter for an ITMNC apart from my job. Were looking for fresherexperienced folks in iIntegration SMEs/Experts EAI BoomiMuleTibco iiDevOps iiiAWS Location BluruMumHydPune other cities might have openings need to check on a casebycase basis. Notice Period Immediate to 90 days The Business Unit is targeting 50amp37 growth in hiring this year. Experience 115yrs Associate ltgt Program Manager level even 6 months of exp is fine if youre good. PM me your resume share using Google Drive/Email me PM for ID. In Subject mention your Skill Yrs of Exp Preferred Loc eg Boomi 2yrs 2months Hyd . Unable to add a post linking news article to r/india.. what could be the reason: The link is to this article http//www.dnaindia.com/bollywood/reporttwotopbollywoodactressescaughtoncameraincompromisingpositionswithmenclipsnowcirculatingonprivategroups2629515. Was it my fault: So I have always had a crush on a friend of my friend male. She does not know that I exist. After gathering some courage after so many years I messaged her today. She talked a bit and then told my friend that I messaged her. He texted me and asked me not to. I apologised to him and ended the entire thing. Was it my mistake to send her a message in the first place Thanks.. Self Censorship Hotstar zoomed out when John Oliver showed this picture of Jacked Gandhi on this Sundays episode.. Change India Today. Free Dettol and Mom Kit worth Rs.130. r/india I need your help regarding Aadhar.: Is fingerprint scan absolutely necessary for getting an Aadhar card I am asking this because our housemaid doesnt have one. My mom hired her a few weeks ago and recently she mentioned that she doesnt have a gas connection because she doesnt have an Aadhar Card. She has tried to get registered multiple times but was rejected because two of her fingers in left hand are deformed. She also cant open a bank account without it. . [r] Jean therapy Patanjali style. [AskIndia] [Serious] Ideas for shop under 154 Sq feet store within mall and adjacent to terrace: Thanks . Saw this in r/latestagecapitalism. It belongs here.. [NP] What is the procedure for lost or stolen US passport [Mumbai/India]. This Google Maps review of Rohini Jail. Hey Strangers lets have a conversation i am bored a bit lonely and empty.: Pick the topic of your choice it could be anything. . An office colleague from HR wants to have an affair with me. Im a bit scared about it being used against me.: [removed]. Justice Chelameswar lit the fire and burnt his fingers Times of India. any Good sites to buy durable backpacks my budget is 1600 rupees: last bag pack I brought from flipkart lasted me for 6 months and then I had it repaired which was a hassle and its still giving me problem. so I want get get a bagpack that is my moneys worth and mostly durable. Hello r/india need some career advice.: [removed]. Why do Tamilians think they are tasty Because they pronounce ME as YUMME.: No offense.. Yoga day mess. How to perfectly ruin a pristine clean campus of one of the most majestic institute of the country. FRI Dehradun. When Indians say meet at 500 PM it means Leave home at 500 PM. Inspire me: I was trying to write but cant seem to know what I should write about. Inspire me P.S. extra points for ideas.. Why do we like to play sad songs at the gym while working out: Ive been noticing this thing a lot. Gym instructors members all want to play some sad song or a remix of a sad song in the gym. I ask why the obsession with sad hindi/punjabi songs Most of the time it just ruins the mood for me. I remember one day I tried to play AC/DCs Highway to Hell2 days back. Moments later the instructor gave me angry looks and changed the song to O Saathi from Baaghi 2 Its unfortunate that I even know that. Followed by Pyaar dewana hota hai channa mereya etc. This happens everyday. Every fucking day. Nobody wants to listen to EDMRock and all they want to do is listen to bhais Allah Duhai Hai. When will we improve /. What a huge disappointment this Government is Lets get to work now.: \\\ THIS IS IMPORTANT \\\ Processing img mq42u5cx0a511... Man when modi government came to power I have no hesitation to say that most of us were highly hopeful to achieve greater good improve our fucking economy and thats it. What else anyone wants. At the core of our wishes I have a feeling that this is what we wanted i.e. to make India a Better India and a lot of problems can be solved. This government however focused on nothing more than Cow Politics making swamis as cabinet Chief minister etc. With zero domestic policies and a hugely failing foreign policy. China and our neighbors have vastly bad relations with us now. No other PM has done so many visits to other countries and as we speak our Sushma Swaraj President etc. are on their international trips as well which so to say our honeymoon getaway nothing else. With hatred spreading all over and people getting lynched I see the only hope in Arvind Kejriwal and dont get me wrong Ive done my part being a devils advocate for a long time and Ive seen him work greater good than anyone else at the moment. He may be foolish dumb and sometimes narrow minded but thats exactly the best option we got. However him and this topic is for another time. Processing img fugc2pu51a511... We must remember what this government did to us and how we all came together to support modis policies but little did it help the economy and us. Now suddenly he wants to give farmers incentives and take my word before general elections BJP will dump billions of rupees to promote their campaign and spread lies and WE WILL forget everything IF WE WANT TO MAKE INDIA BETTER dont forget this and to show your vote bring the ones up that are doing good educate your families make wise decisions because every vote counts and none of these cluster fucks shall be left reelected. We can do this randians. LETS GET TO WORK. Today was awesome day for me I reached 100K subscribers on my channel...: My channel is related to mobile games where I post best mobile games released and I am from small town and this happiest day of life because I just reached 100k Subscribers. Actually I am shy guy and wanted to celebrate and This is the best place. If you want I can link my channel to you... . Query regarding German visit: Ill be traveling to Germany for 1 week. I dont know German. I will have to do train travel maybe i have to take transit trains as well. As of now i am not planning to take local sim there. Will i get directions easily by asking people or the help desk for train Any suggestion for offline maps in which public transport is also included. How much difficult is to get around in train Any other suggestions are welcome.. Hey randians Im in a huge problem. Care to help: So one of my friend introduced me to a girl recently and we had a nice chat and I found out shes depressed and lonely because she was in unrequited love and the boy fat shammed her and asked for sex and nothing else. Now she wants me to be her lover not even 24 hours passed since we met and said she wants to kiss me and wants to have sex with me. I told her no this isnt possible it cant be done we can be friends but nothing more no kiss no sex. But shes still asking for it or else threating me shell ask a tinder date to do with her. Im sure shes depressed and lonely and she doesnt even have much friends. I dont want her to ruin her life with some stupid douche she will find on tinder and nor I want to lose my virginity to some stupid girl I met recently. She has asked me to meet tomorrow Ive convinced her I wont let her use me well go on kind of friendly date so that I can hear her past and try to get her out from her loneliness and depression. I just want friendship but shes desperate as fuck for sex What should I do tldr Sex he bhai padhley pura . [Serious] Why should I vote for the modern day UPA: I can understand peoples disappointment towards Modi. But would that hate drive you towards voting for the likes of Lalu Yadav Akhilesh Yadav Mayawati etc . [SERIOUS] Modi as a PM v/s his Govt/RSS Social Hooliganism: I wanted to ask r/india two questions 1. How is Narendra Modi objectively as the Prime Minister of India Does he score on the economic or foreign policy side What about other areas civil constructions projects education etc. What are his achievements and shortcomings so far as the leader of the Worlds largest democracy And 2. Beef killings Hindutva Agenda Social Media policing changing textbooks to push RSS version of History increased censorship inciting communal violence etc. Can Modi be named responsible for these issues Or is it solely the work of fringe groups and people ACTING under his name and his silence and inactivity is to blame . Need help working on my product: Hi Randians howdy I have a product idea is mind but herere the problems 1. I have just started working and cannot afford to letgo of my job. That is simply not an option. 2. None of my SOB friends would clubin with me. Hence Ill have to do all the development work myself. 3. I have no idea how to go about creating the product. Should I jump straight to programming or should I first chalkdown things Thanks. Athiya Shetty Daughter of sunil shetty Sexy Photos. Guys help me make a thread to find the best things in Bangalore: These are just my personal opinion Jeans Vashis Com street Chicken wings Plan B ... Chinese food China Pearl Koramangala Electronics Sp road Steak The only place church street Beer Hard liquor Tshirts . Web development ideas: Hi Randians how are you guys doing today I am looking for some challenging website ideas to make my portfolio at bit more impressive. Till now I have been working on a movie database and developed it quite a bit my Db is 26G of text currently. But it is kindof reinventing the wheel plus scraping websites is both a painintheass and illegal so I am not interested in developing it any further at this point of time. Could you guys suggest me some really challenging webdevelopment projects Also I am reading on fulltext search engines like Elasticsearch quite a bit lately and hence any projects that involve dealing with a lot of unstructured text like Quora and Reddit are most welcome. Thanks. Incredible India. [R] Fabulous mountain goat is fabulous Himachal Pradesh. Need Advice regarding Career. [serious]: [removed]. InDepth report of current state of Delhis air pollution published by the Guardian in the UK. ...Smog more toxic than can be measured by monitoring devices has blanketed the Indian capital.... This beef is gonna be big. I called out my friend for continuously sharing inaccurate facts on Facebook: For far so long Ive always been an introvert and never said anything to my friend who kept sharing highly motivated political stuff with inaccurate and irrelevant facts. Today it borthered me so much that I called him. I thought the same uncles who share whatsapp forwards without checking led to a guy getting lynched in Assam so I must do something. My reply might be wrong and not correct but atleast I tried. My next step is to stop unkills in my WhatsApp account and asking them for verification. Heres my reply Processing img udixd26i02411... Processing img gpbkb16i02411.... Bihar Dalit family set afire in their house two children die parents in critical condition. Just waking up to news in India amp starting the day. What do you all think of this Top Colleges for Engineering list: Top Engineering Colleges in India https//imgur.com/gallery/DRAcnGX Do you agree . Im sick of this face. Why is he putting it everywhere. Guys Help me: I have 2 TB of porn on my hard disk... I think I am gonna die as virgin. Pranav Goyal from Panchkula region this year topped the JEE Advanced by scoring 337 out of 360 total marks while among the female candidates Meenal Parakh is the topper this year with a score of 318 out of 360 marks.. Honest to God Im on a curiosity voyage. Answer this simple question to my survey.: Any women on this subreddit. Carnegie Mellon University Academic Merit Scholarships All you need to know. [R] Any TAPMI MBA grads here How are their programmes Is it worth the 15Lakhs price tag. Check This Tata Scholarship Before You Apply For Your Higher Studies: [removed]. Global Reddit Meetup day Kolkata. STDWYTK Looking at various stories of lynchings based on fake news about child abductors I have a feeling that this could be a conspiracy to bring in more regulations on social media: Disclaimer This is just a conspiracy nut in me ranting here As we know many governments instil fear or use fear as an instrument to push their propaganda or to make policies that favour them. We have seen many examples of this from the US and some other countries. And we have been hearing that this government is so very eager to censor to regulate to moderate and to dictate how the social media is to be used by the populace. So... what if bear with me on this just what if this new trend of lynchings from all over the country is a conspiracy by the government to create an atmosphere of fear of new people/ sort of like xenophobia but within the country and between different regions. And in turn this provides an opportunity for the government to step in with social media regulations in the name of protecting the public to put in more eyes in between the messages we send to our near and dear and to rob us of the privacy to their advantage. And Im afraid with such a gullible populace as us we will or most of us will openly embrace this and dig our own graves to our privacy. ... You can turn back now or you can learn the stuff they dont want you to know Peace . Many people drive like this on Indian roads too. Just a reminder that it takes one slip up for an accident.. Choosing between Delhi Engg. Colleges: Choosing between Delhi Engg. Colleges My options at the present moment seem to be DTU CS slight chance NSIT IT DTU IT IIITD CS slight chance IIITD CSAM [Computer Science and Applied Mathematics] Now Im primarily confused between NSIT IT and IIITD CSAM. I know that IIITD has a great faculty and it is fantastic in terms of teaching and this is a big draw. On the other hand its alumni network and campus facilities and culture seems to be not that great being so new as compared to a wellestablished NSIT. Another major factor against it is the fact that no batch of CSAM has actually graduated yet first batch passes in 2020 I guess. Opinions Also should I rate IIITD CSE over NSIT IT or not Since the previous cse batches of IIITD did great and here the extra uncertainty of no batch being graduated is absent. About me Im slightly not keenly interested in cs. I would have loved if there were courses that could let me combine physics and cs but afaik there arent. Thank you for your guidance. . GRMD 2018 Meetup r/Chennai. JEE Advanced results are declared: If you got selected congratulations. Work on your course choice if you are eligible for admissions in IITs and IISc. If you havent cleared the exam or worseselected but ineligible for admissions dont worry. This is not the end. Plan about what are you going to do next taking a year drop or joining in other colleges. Please dont worry if your parents feel disappointed. Try to use the remaining days by learning a new hobby. If possible try to travel. Dont stay inside your house all day. Its just a exam. IIT is just another college.. GRMD 2018 r/Chennai. Reddit meetup Kanpur. Helo brother. I find good site for cheap game INDIA: [removed]. gully cricket IPL 2018. Why Randians: Why not Redians when its RedditIndians Isnt is another example of the disrespectful culture that prevails in our society Who came up with it Why. A song for her: Amanda from Boston [https//www.youtube.com/watchvWOThAc2bNHs]https//www.youtube.com/watchvWOThAc2bNHs. [Serious] Which Indian state/s do you hate the most and why. [serious] Without getting too political which state/s do you hate the most in India and why. [serious] Alright without getting too.much political which state/s do you hate the most in India Also drop the reason you hate it for.. Need ideas for a fakenews busting website: Hi Randians how are you guys doing I am creating a website that curates all the fake\news on a monthly basis. What I mean is that for example you could visit the website and see all the fake news for the month of say May. They would be sorted on some basis havent thought about it much. There would be a Reddit\like discussion section. No login would be required at all\ complete anonymity. What more features can I add to it Does the website even sound like a good idea Am I re\inventing the wheel or something Thanks. My apartment is roadfacing. And it hurts at times due to excessive unnecessary honking.: Are there any rules when it comes to honking Can something be done to address this. You daily does of Tinder wtf bitch. My awkwardness ruined my chances with a girl: So I am doing masters and am staying away from home at college.I dont have a huge circle of friends as such and often find myself longing for good company.A few weeks backa girl who I have been crushing on ever since the beginning of the semester moved to a seat closer to mine in the classwe have assigned seats.My awkward ass has been trying to start a conversation with her but to no avail. Day before yesterday thoughI got seated next to her during a scheduled assignment.I was trying to focus on my work and not stare at her when she asked me for a ruler.I took my backpack out of the cabinet by our desk excitedly and brought out my camlin geometry box that my mother had packed in my bag when I was leaving for collegethanks mum. I took out a ruler and gave it to her with the best smile I could manage.She said thanks and I smiled even more. Now comes the part that I am always going to look back to and cringe.She extended her hand out and I shook it excitedlyintroducing myself and wishing her good luck. She was asking for my stupid fucking backpack to keep it back on the bloody [cabinet.It]https//cabinet.It doesnt end there.Once I realised what was happeningI started explaining to her like a choot how I usually dont shake hands with girls and she was the first girl on campus that I have touched. She just gave a wry smile and didnt talk to me after that. Fuck my life.. Hey r/india listen to me once i am in very tough situation. Depressed Anxious thoughts HELP:  Hello r/india I dont even know it is serious or not. I need help with few issue I dont know what to do with I am 24yr old. We are 4 both parents and 2 brothers. We have about 10\11 lacs of loan to be paid. My father is farmer and its almost impossible to pay on that only source and I dropped out study because of some financial issue. Now my mother is started some weird behavior from past 2 years she keeps interrupting in my fathers work.... me and my elder brother we both tired from those daily fights. We dont know what to do next. We are tired what to do even once my father attempted suicide around 8\9 month back due to this situation. Thank god he got timely treatment and saved. But she havent stopped from telling that give me blah blah calculation about all spends and incomes and all after such bad event. My father tried to manage all things handy but he is also human and farmer he tried every possible efforts to do but my mother is not ready to accept and let it go even she fights in small occasion too. I am tired from fighting with her and came to Ahmedabad for some work/job now sometime my father call me and tell that situation is same what is used to be. Even I dont know what to do my brother earlier thought that all fault is my father then after he came back home he also realized that all now even he also tired from fighting with her guys we have only source of income is farming. We have huge loans to pay we have to get married otherwise our social society blame us that my fathers spend a lot money on us still we are nothing. Even I am bit depressed from all those events in my life. Few days back one day my elder brother called me and told me to be responsible he is not interested to live anymore that day i cried a lot. that day and sometime I feel suicidal thoughts. I want to come out from my home to earn something I can earn something as I know lil bit about SEO and WordPress I know these but again my qualification is concerned there to get job in it to earn some money. I am damn sure we cannot move ahead mean growth in this situation. We have I am also tired I dont have any good friends nor Gf to share any good or bad moments thats why I am here I am fully frustrated by this life and I know suicide isnt and solution so will never going to do as well. Please friends suggest me what to do suggest me what to do now Please avoid my grammar mistake as I am not good at English Thank you in advance . Lets talk stranger redditors pick a topic of conversation and shot me a chat. I am bored AF.: Lets talk choose a topic of conversation it could be anything. And shot me a PM. And you initiate the conversation cause I am not good at it. And stop this being a self promotion and r l m o v e. It. Pls.. My dad is a certified unkill [R]. People who are awake why are you here. PG accomodation In and around park streetkolkata: I made this post in r/kolkata but since that sub is not very active I am making this here. Can someone suggest some places near park street that allow pg accomodation and is reasonably priced. . Saada Pind. UPDATE Have to work with a woman who is RIDICULOUSLY hot. How do I maintain my sanity: Hi Guys. I had posted a few weeks ago on my hots for a woman I was working with late nights. The original thread is here [https//old.reddit.com/r/india/comments/8ickr5/r\have\to\work\with\a\woman\who\is\ridiculously/]https//old.reddit.com/r/india/comments/8ickr5/rhavetoworkwithawomanwhoisridiculously/ UPDATE That week after I posted the thread we got done with the deal and didnt work closely anymore. Although during the time we had together we really got along well. We shared a love for fine writing instruments and we both thought London was overrated. We bonded over food and she seemed very interested in my practice area \tech law\ something that as a pure transactional lawyer she found arcane yet fascinating. My ego was satiated and I was worried that I was getting drawn closer and closer to her..until..IT HAPPENED. What happened you ask Well The bubble popped. Someone had advised me in the earlier thread that I search for qualities in her that turn me off. And I found it A blatant disregard for frugal living and an insistence on living the rich life. So I had to go to south of Mumbai for a meeting in the morning. She asked me Oh how will you travel. Now my house is very close to a train station and so is the clients office. Its the best way to beat the road traffic. So I said Ill take a local She..as born and brought up South Mumbaikar said...What Whats a local Oh The trains Why dont you take a cab I cant imagine taking the trains My bubble immediately popped. From the smart woman who was well\proportioned and pretty to boot she immediately seemed like someone who seemed spoilt and privileged. Next she noticed my fitness band \a Mi Band\ and asked Is that a FitBit Im like No its a Mi Band. Shes like Miii Is that the Chinese cheap phone company Eww.. I think Ill get an Apple Watch AND THAT WAS IT \ As a life long believer in frugality in material goods and comforts and someone from a less privileged background these responses really put a nail to my silly crush on her. From then on I never found her attractive nor did I pay much attention to her. When she tried to come speak to me in th evening I pretend to be busy \earlier when I was really busy I would brush aside my work to talk to her\. Now we are only on professional Hi/Bye terms. I am glad I was able to take back my sanity I wish her and her boyfriend all the best. [Serious] Randians of India who are dentists would you recommend BDS: Hows your life Would you recommend BDS in todays environment Did anyone of you retry your AIPMT or State PMT Do you regret not going to Medical School. [A good update] I made a thread 3 months back when I on the brink of bankruptcy.: [removed]. Our Roads Needs Impact Attenuator: [removed]. Who is behind the Sterlite protests: [removed]. UpperCaste Men Attack Dalits in Tamil Nadu Village Killing Two The Wire. Help me frame a very harsh reply.: Dear Randians Like all of you I too am a regular victim of forwarded messages from unkils and whatnot. Anyway today I received this Heart touching word for Indian by Arnab Goswami . Pl read full paragraph and think. Where we are and where are u.Nice write up by Arnab Goswami of Republic tv on Modi Dear Prime Minister We dont deserve a person like you.Major portion of the countrys population is not valuing your work. You work for more than 16 hours a day.. Sacrificing your sleep for the betterment of this country.. But you will never receive appreciation for the same. You will still be blamed for small silly issues.. These people can handover the nation to one family for 60 years but wont give you 5 peaceful years to work. The reason being this country is full of fake pseudo intellectuals hungry and lazy humans. They might not able to run their small family of 4 people.. But will definitely advise you on how you should run this nation. Waah\applaud\ People are dying to take revenge from you as if you have done the worlds most dangerous crime of becoming our Prime Minister. See the Bihar results.. They have chosen 89 and 12th standard passed/failed candidates.. But not the ones who represented you. Why Ive heard people saying agar aaj election ho..toh Modi haar jayenge.. Why Even after working so hard for the betterment of your beloved nation.. How can one listen to all this for a person of your stature They are just not able to accept the fact that our country is empowering itself.. Country is progressing in every way.. No.. They dont want all this.. All they want is Toor Daal 1/\ per kg and onions for free. Trust me try doing this and see where you reach They are accustomed to the corruption in this country and they cant digest the slow and positive change the country is going through. Im saddened but sure.. We wont be able to see you in 2019 because they will elect some Pappu G to run this country who apparently cannot run for a marathon People can become slaves of the person who provides Daal chawal and potatoes for free.. And we get to know this from our history. Nobody wants to change.. But everyone wants a change. People having smartphones in hand with 3G packages.. Talk about the so called badhti mehangayi Like seriously They use a 297 recharge for a 3G plan.. And they are affected by the increase in price of Toor daal Like really Sir you have been stated in the top 10 powerful personalities of the world.. But it just doesnt matter to them. Majority of people are deaf and blind. You should be relaxing at this age.. And enjoying life.. Your hard work.. Commitment and dedication have no value here.. disappointment Jai Hind. Forwarded as Received. Please help me form a very detailed reply to every paragraph that is mentioned. Would not mind if the other person is offended.. Need help deciding a college: Following are the colleges I will be able to get according to last years cut off 1. IET Lucknow cs/ece uptu 2. UPSICT Delhi cs/ece ipu cet 3. HBTU kanpur ece/chemical 4. NIT Kurusksetra/Hamirpur/Rorkela chemical for all three 5. IIIT Sri City/Kota ece 6. IIIT Surat/Bhopal and a bunch of other new IIITs cs 7. BIT mesra chem The only branches I am willing to take with decreasing interest are cs ece chemical I know the new IIITs arent really that great so I am probably going to refrain from them. I can opt for solely ece in those IIITs which are relatively old. The only good NITs I am going to get are with a chemical branch. I talked to a few people before about what chemical constitutes and coincidentally it aligns with my strong points so I am considering these as well. The ones where I am getting cs are just okayish at best and definitely arent in the same league as NITs and IIITs. But at the same time I am in love with cs so I dont know what to do. People tell me NITs have a larger brand value and if I happen to opt for higher education outside India bachelors in the NITs would help me a bunch. Whats the ideal option for me at this point I just want the best of what my ranks can fetch me. . How to buy fabric for formals: [removed]. Best Way To Lose Belly Fat By Fat Burning ExercisesBest Diet To Lose Weight Fast. Chenab River Valley Himalayas. Today a friend of mine took cold drink in a plastic glass and threw the glass at some random place ever though there was a dustbin nearby but he refused to even look for it. I have pointed it out to him many times before to throw the waste in dustbin. I have pointed it out many times previously: but he is like Chal be faltu ka chudiyaap mat kar. If a literate person cant get the meaning of the fact that one has to throw the waste in the dustbin how can we teach other people. May be a Swachh Bharat will remain a dream for many years. . Where do you guys buy gold or silver bars: [removed]. I am slightly bored a little lonely and probably sad too. Help.: Its one of those nights. You finish your job come to your empty room and come face to face with your lack of love life lack of social life nothing to do and just postponing all the tough responsibilities you need to face. No no my life isnt hard. I fuck a little once in a while have a handful of friends to drink with I watch films or read books sometimes. But tonight I am feeling off. This is not unnatural there are many off nights like this So lets talk or something. Nipah VirusNiV Infection Symptoms And Treatment. Nice Tinder Bio dear. Hey r/India mods whatsup. Is r/indiaspeaks a platform a BJP IT cell endeavour. Wanted to check new IRCTC website. This guy just doesnt stop does he . Hair Transplant in Mumbai Hair Transplant in India Rejoice Hair Transplant. what lawyers do. TIFU by ordering from KFC online: Yesterday was my mom and dads 27th anniversary. My dad loves chicken and has never tasted or bought crispy chicken online. At seven in the evening I went online and ordered a super six bucket and paid via PayTm. Hours went by but I didnt get any revert or call from them. It was 10 pm and now my dad was furious with hunger and demanding for his dinner right now. I called the store number but the number was not valid. what the fuck I called their customer service number and it was not reachable. I started calling all the numbers available for my state. Luckily I got connected with C.P \Delhi\ number. I told the young man my plethora but he said he can only help me with C.Ps outlet. I asked him to connect with the Noidas outlet as all the numbers are not reachable. He refused. I asked him to track my order via reference number. He said he is not allowed to do that. Anyway losing all hope and few money I entered home again to greet the old fashioned angry father who lectured me about how I dont know how to handle money and should not trust strangers or opt for cash on delivery. With heavy heart I went online and filed a consumer complaint with Indian consumer complaint forum. I was shocked to know that they have been doing it regularly with their customers. I read 10 similar complaints in past 24 days and none of them resolved. Out of the 800 complaints only 17 have been resolved. Hence I have no expectation to get the refund. All I wanted to see my parents smile by treating them with something they have longing for long time. I wanted to surprise them I got surprised. tl dr Fuck KFC. They are duping their customers online. If you order online opt for cash on delivery. . Why Journalists Need to Understand Grammar to Write Accurately About Violence. Yesterday morning I saw a crow who came to commit suicide. Marine drive Mumbai.. Where are we going guys. Hey Guys Please Support And Bless Me For My New Song: [removed]. Typical Indian comment on news about Meghna Srivastava CBSE topper. Didnt know the bob thing is so famous ..British Woman Destroys Scammer In The Most Brilliant Way. 12th grade Randians how is your result. Whats with the banning: [removed]. Remember this advt The sufferings of public wrt Petrol Diesel is enough now. Next time Modi Sarkaar. Entering Allahabad Sangam City Prayag Welcomes You on Arrival. Which of these events is not fake and actually took place. Copy and paste from reddit: How do you copy paste from reddit to whatsapp / etc from your phone I use the reddit app but am unable to copy the op comments and paste them into whatsapp . India moves one notch up to 44th rank in IMDs competitiveness rankings. Major Leetul Gogoi who used civilian as human shield in Budgam held with minor at Srinagar hotel faces probe. What will happen if a Couple kisses in public: I really want to know what will happen in this hypothetical scenario. So has this ever happened. [R][Serious] How to get a job at a movie theatre: Im am just wondering out loud here but I would appreciate serious answers. What kind of jobs can I get at a cinema hall Im an engineer by qualification but I love movies. I would be willing to take a middling salary for a nice job in a theatre. Does anyone have any idea about these things. India Travel Tips for Women Traveling in India. UP GK General Knowledge Questions in pdf in hindi. [NP] [R] Is this NGO in Delhi legit Does anyone here know of them. [Serious] How does an elderly person declare in writing that they want palliative care at home and not be admitted to hospitals. [R]Want to get a credit card. Confused and need help.: Hi all I am a new college grad who makes 60k per month and I am looking to get a credit card. I want to get one but I am really confused by the different choices and really would appreciate how do I go about selecting one. My main criteria 1. No annual fees 2. Good customer service. 3 Decent credit limit. I have no credit history as I have never taken any loans.. Alternative View on Slavery: Since there was an interesting post on the topic yesterday. However it missed the mark due to the fact that the majority of bonded labourers are not household servants who get beaten up by the family patriarch. Its a minority situation that cant be generalized. That is not to say that the labourers dont face struggles. However they are different from those described. The life of those in brick factories is especially hard and they do sometimes fall on cruel landlords who hurt them. I will just describe my situation which is another part of the picture again not necessarily generalizable to all. I come from a rural area in Punjab and our farm has at any time 50 to 70 bonded labourers half of whom are children. Many are born live and die on the farm. They are bought by paying them around 5000 to 10000 more in recent years. Sometimes they will flee to a different area and we will look for them if found they will be brought back by force. They dont flee due to mistreatment but because they want to sell themselves again and earn another fee. Those with families are less likely to flee of course. My perspective is that they are well\fed clothed have spacious living quarters electricity mobile phones and their kids go to primary school. If one of them or their family falls sick we take care of them. On weddings they get money and gifts. Also on special occasions they will get a share of more expensive cuts of food. The only aspect that gives me second thoughts is that zamindars often sleep with the wives of bonded labourers. And we kids slept with the young girls too. It is of course entirely consensual but also there is obviously a financial and power dynamic. But I just compare it to a rich guy in the city sleeping with someone from poorer backgrounds because hell get her gifts and gives her rides. Is it the ideal life No. But the alternative is to go to the city and live in slums like millions of Indians slums where they wont have the same amenities. Slums were their lives will be worthless and many will go hungry. Where they will earn 1 a day and live in 5 sq feet per person. Where the summer heat will be unbearable as opposed to the cold breeze of the village. And the wider point is the following they sell themselves out of choice. Because the alternative for them is much much worse. They can run away to the city at any time but they dont. Those that do run away just sell themselves again. . I made this credit card wallet using left out fabrics.. Credit Card Wallet Sewing Pattern Tutorial... How to Sew Business Card Holder. Unlimited Drinks Free Ladies P. PSA Deadpool 2 is not censored in india completely: Maybe 1 sex scene but no dialogue is beeped or violence pixelated. Only annoying thing is smoking disclaimer. For which regular reddit thread would you like to see an Indian version of: If enough people are up for it we might make ourselves a new good subreddit In my opinion Uplifting News is a good thread to have for Indian Redditors. Even Life Pro Tips since the ones in the main thread are hardly practical for us. What do you think. need some career advice [ASK] [NP] [Tech] [R]: hi its been a fair bit of time since my last post or comment . I am doing quite well now. Got a great increment. and i LOVE the hours 96 . i want to plan the next step of my career which is why i am here. i played with Ruby and enjoyed it. but i started to learn Erlang and am loving it. i need some help though. is there is a book with a set of exercises i can do to accelerate my learning Erlang Also while the pleasure of learning something new is great for the expansion of the mind i am also trying to break the 12L barrier low base salary effect . so are there companies in India which have work in this language apart from Couchbase If any of you can mentor me that will be awesome. no information to too little. Thank you very much. You are all very wonderful people. My girlfriends getting married end of this month.: [removed]. Questions for the HR/Recruiters of the tech companies.: Do you guys seriously go through each and every one of the resume you receive when an opening is announced on a job listing websites I am assuming you must be getting thousands of applications especially for entry level jobs and a very limited time frame. I have personally applied to around 50 companies through linkedin or other job portals and received a negative/no response every single time. Is it realistically possible for someone to even pass through the resume screening process without any referral Please dont feel offended the tone of this post might seem salty but I am genuinely curious to know how things work and what are the odds of say an above average profile to get noticed by the recruiters. Thanks.. [SERIOUS] Randians when and why was the last time you cried. [R]Help me cook.: I am from telugu guy recently moved to chennai. Noob at cooking. Please suggest some simple dishes and tips which you think might help. I have basic cooking stuff like pans pressure cooker mixer sandwich maker and fridge. All i tried till date is egg bhurjiomelettes dal chapathithey were border line edible rice. . Is pedophilia rampant in our country: Every single day you read news about people raping and murdering kids and yet I dont see the media refer to these people as pedophiles. Do we have any kind of sex offender registry. Global Reddit Meetup Day is coming June 9 2018.: [So many of you may have already read the blog post]https//redditblog.com/2018/04/19/redditmeetupday2018/. This thread is to plan meetup in your respective cities. And post a link to the planning thread of your citys subreddit so I can add it here in the main post. Global Reddit Meetup is on June 9th Saturday. [Pune]https//www.reddit.com/r/pune/comments/8gnxoz/redditmeetupday9june2018/ If any other City redditors are planning for a meetup on that day please comment on this thread with a link to the respective city subreddit meetup thread.. Percentage of Indian Households with Toilets marginally improves in last 3 years. Has anyone performed their Paytm KYC without Aadhar [R][Serious]: inb4 Aadhar is a sucks. Hey redditors I tried providing my DL to perform KYC but now they request physical verification. Went to a nearby store and they uploaded pics of my DL. They also asked to fillup a form which at this point me being frustrated with this circus was not able to download or fillup. I just left the process midway. Has anyone of you folks performed your KYC with anything but Aadhar OT If my account is a nonKYC Paytm should not be allowing transfer to my account. To send out the money I need to perform KYC. I was happy without Paytm in my life. Paytm is a sucks.. Celebrities lurking on r/India Without revealing yourself tell us your profession and how famous you are [serious] [np]. [R] World Cup 2018: Is anyone going to Russia for the World Cup Which cities are you travelling to What matches are you going to watch Wanna down some shots together. Relatable. Guy specializes in buying door handles at Worlds Largest Wholesale Market. [R] Help. My phone was stolen.: On 8th May between 1015 and 1030 PM on the outskirts of Nagpur. I was sitting in a Side Lower berth in Sleeper. The train was moving at a brisk pace. A person somehow gets on the doorway train and snatches the phone from the window and flees away. I could only tell my dad about it ASAP as I wasnt smart enough to do ASP. I contacted the TTE who told to call 138 and 182 both were busy throughout. I managed to get the numbers temporarily blocked and wipe out and lock the device via the Andriod Device Manager around 1130 PM. I do not have a clear picture of my IMEI number. Please help if possible. . Delhi man uses teen sister as murder honeytrap. Kannadigas The torch of democracy will pass through your hands tomorrow. Hold it firm hold it high.: Democracy rests on the shoulders of the common folks not the politicians. Tomorrow is your chance to make sure your state wins the next five years. Do not be a fence sitter. Do not plan a trip to Nandi hills. Do not shirk from your responsibility. Go out and vote. Take your own decision. Do not let your neighbors your friends or you family whatsapp group decide your vote. Do not think if the person you choose loses then your vote is wasted. The only vote that is wasted is the one that is not cast. All the best. Intimate Sexism and Silence Talking about some of the hardest things to talk about. People gotta chill in the comments section. Our people got no chill. handmade fashion. [R] Have to work with a woman who is RIDICULOUSLY hot. How do I maintain my sanity: New girl has joined my office. She is.. How do I put it..... RIDICULOUSLY hot. I am now closely working with her on a deal through late hours in the night. She is already dating someone and its become so bad that I keep praying for them to break up every now and then. Whats worse is that she is very friendly with me and shared her familys dark past with me barely a month into joining. Its so dark that I dont think many people in the office know. She directly works with seniors and hadnt bonded with juniors in her team yet at least visibly. Also dating in the office in law firms is not only common but also generally accepted if you are in different teams. All these factors are playing on my mind and making it harder to focus. How do I deal with this I am your typical frustrated Indian male virgin. How do I desexualise her in my mind and maintain my sanity while burning the midnight oil with her. Indian Aunties started making youtube videos.. I was on the metro escalators minding my own business and the guy who was next to me looked at me like I was some sort of terrorist or an untouchable who had no right to board the metro. Why cant people treat others with the same dignity they treat themselves.: This is not the first time with me.. . Flower Market India. The Journey. [Serious] Slightly apprehensive about moving abroad: [removed]. Kerala DHSE Result 2018 is all set to be out on 10th May in the form of Kerala 12th Class Plus Two VHSE HSC Result 2018. [P] [Serious] What should Rahul Gandhi do for a realistic chance for 2019: Now that he has expressed the desire to be the PM https//www.news18.com/news/politics/whynotrahulgandhiendssilenceonpmbidin2019elections1741463.html was wondering what should be his action plan Also does anyone else kind of feel bad for him He is born into the biggest family in the country with huge expectations. All his mistakes are magnified and ridiculed to the core to the point that he has become a meme. Gets no sympathy because he was rich while his opponent keeps calling himself poor after wearing 10L suit. I remember watching the Kings speech where how hard the king had to fight the speech problems so as to connect with the masses. What similar steps should he do so that people have more respect for him and take him seriously.. Yamuna Bridge Allahabad. Bitsians are concerned about the quality of education they are getting not about the money. People step out of your campuses and see what other colleges are getting you will feel relieved. Atleast Bits provide you with quality internships and major and minor choices. Many engineers dont get it.. North Kashmir in state of mortal fear as unknown men unleash a killing spree on innocent victims Firstpost. [R] Have you ever been denied a sick leave: I had to accompany my mother to a far off area because election training. I took leave yesterday because of that. Came home at 1130pm. I woke up this morning and felt very unwell. Sent my team lead a message saying Im unwell and cannot come. Bugger calls me up and straight up says he cannot grant me leave. And that I should give a thought to the work that is pending before taking leave. No work from home option available Ive been there over an year and have not been put on permanent payroll of the company. I receive my payslip from a third party agency who deducts pf but hasnt provided pf / uan number. My question to you all 1.how shitty is my job out of 10. 10 being the highest 2. Have you been treated like this If yes how did you deal with it . [Serious] Moving to a new company. What non work related stuff should I do to build a good rapport among new colleagues. Ganges Varanasi 1280 x 960. Unable to access reddit on app or browser on Jio connection without VPN. Is anyone else facing this issue. [HELP] Unable to forget my past and move on.: I am currently persuing engineering from a tier 4 college in computer science. I was good in studies till my 8th was a consistent performer in my class then 9th happened and I procrastinated about my studies and exams went down. 10th came studied hard got a 9.4. 11th came I got arnd 70 then 12th came worked my ass off got 82 I remember when I got my results I cried the whole day because I couldnt accept the fact that I managed only 82. I was the only guy who gave my pre boards of PCM thrice voluntarily just to make sure where I stand. I was the English topper of my class got 64 in boards. My teacher was more shocked than me. Got into DU physical sciences course left the college because there was no teaching and also BSc didnt had any scope. Dropped a year got enrolled in a less known institute as the person promised me that teachers wouldnt change and we follow a flexible system. what followed were the worst 9 months of my life I was mentally harassed and tortured regarding my career choices. I was publicly humiliated because I didnt knew the periodic table. The guys at the place were also prepping for SAT I didnt had the money so I didnt joined that batch and was left alone and was made to study and do question banks. No proper study was there. Hell we didnt even finished our Mains syllabus. My mother insisted me to join more known Institutes but I had read that if you didnt join the main branch you are screwed up. Gave my Jee thrice didnt got anything. Bitsat Nothing. Hell I couldnt even managed a rank in my state exams. Got into a tier 4 college and figured out that the way engineering is taught that engineering is not made for me in the first sem it self all you have to is rote learn amp get marks and you are good to go. Didnt got the environment I wished a engineering college should have. The students were self centred and all they knew were marks. In between these I lost my school friends One had to go to US and wasnt successful in doing it so he cocooned himself. No messages no calls from his side Other guy got into a institute and cracked Bits and he became so high on it and treated me like I was nothing and was in a college he felt that was below his dictionary. Fun fact I used to wait for the guy as our institutes were a km apart so I could have a company and the person was so high on competition that he failed to even talk to me. I know I was idiot. But they were my best friend and I am still in contact with them. The bits guy he is always busy because he is in Bits and now they both expect me to be available when we meet. I have visited Counselors but they all have suggested me that I am negatively thinking I know theyre true but I am unable to forget what happened in my past and it affects me everytime. I am preparing for cat but the thoughts just refuse to leave. I am a believer in God but my believes are being tested in such ways. I know people are in more bad environments than me but sometimes you become self centered. Disc I have no parental pressure over me. I am becoming negative towards things and life in general. How can I move on and focus on the present. I want to clear my hard disk of bad/negative thoughts and embibe good thoughts. Please help me out. . LForLove. [SERIOUS] Is Indian government/telecom purposely blocking signing up on Signal Otp is not arriving in Vodafone but otp by call is working.: Only observed on Vodafone with Signal app. Meanwhile Telegram and Wire app otp arrives just fine. . [Serious] What pen do you use for daily normal writing: Im sure 99 of the answers would be Agni Gel without the Serious tag. I have shit handwriting and having a decent dot/ball pen sidenote still dont know the difference between the two. They feel super similar to me helps make it look better. However finding such a pen that doesnt imitate those old linc ads where youre writing in an exam and it stops working Not so easy. I know most of you are 1.6 lpm people but we also know Indians are cheap af and wont use Parker pens for daily stuff. So any help guys. My Friend Responded to a Post on FB about the Kolkata Metro Incident And This Was The Reply She got. Indian Prime Minister authorised secret operation to intercept runaway Dubai royal[r]. PSA The new Ola Pass is scam. Dont buy it: Recently Ola launched Ola Pass giving flat fare to certain Kms. I bought 1 pass for 10kms ride just to test if I can save anything. I tried the fare for regular routes I take and prices where higher than average I pay without any discount. I immediately cancelled the pass and checked again the fare was actually lower 40rs lower without the pass. I dont understand why should I pay a monthly fixed amount to buy a pass which makes the fare costly.. Acting to Awakening [Full DVD]. Every year when the jee results are declared my own marks comes into my mind to dissapoint me to the core.: Although I am in my 3rd year of engineering in a 3rd tier college and know that JEE is a long gone opportunity for me but I am unable to overcome the fact that I scored low on JEE. I gave JEE thrice and also took a drop for preparation but still couldnt make it. Eventhough the fact that I have found that in the first semester itself I really dont like engineering maybe due to college and I cant quit engineering due to some reasons No Parental Pressure here but still I really cant get over it. . The many shades of beauty The New Indian Express. [Serious] 17 Fire Prevention amp Safety Tips For You amp Your Family. Any north Indians from VIT Vellore: Did you find it difficult to adapt to the new culture make friends Food is not going to be a problem for me cause i fuckin love south indian food lt3. Also are the professors partial towards north indians I think that isnt probably the case but read a few answers on quora so just wanted to get a clear picture on these things from you guys. . Never give up. The State of Tamil Nadu A million mutinies now. The Unbearable Wrongness of the Impeachment Order. Suggestion There should be weekly pinned PAYTM SUXXX thread.: [removed]. Chhattisgarh Disabled woman alleges rape on temple campus priest held. When she went inside the temple the priest who stays on the premises of the place took her to his room and closed the door after her.. 7yearold girl raped by priest at Ajmers Kalichat Temple. Priest held for sexually abusing fouryearold girl inside temple in Chennai. Mildy Interesting.: [deleted]. [R] Losing the will to live every single day: So I didnt do well in JEE Mains even after taking an year off. Its not even average. I attempted around 39 questions and I think that only 2/3rd of them will be correct. I couldnt assemble the courage to even check the answer key. The reason I have let my parents down. Every parent deserves and hopes to see their child excel. But me Ive let them down at every damn moment. The last 3 years theyll and I recall it as a disappointment. It hurts a lot when I cannot fulfill the hopes that they had in my dreams. It hurts a lot when I cannot be that kid from the block whos in the best college of the region. It hurts. I take complete responsibility for where I am right now and what I am. No other person is responsible for my failed and worthless existence I did what I could do but it was far from enough. Obviously I failed. But failing twice is a big let down. With each day I get that notion of just running away or just ending everyday. Call me coward or escapist but I cannot imagine a victory in this situation. I cry every night and I apologise to my parents but only when they are not aware of it. I cannot see their faces when they know that their boy has failed again. Im eligible for a good branch at a decent private engineering college but it isnt deemed as an achievement. I had the ambition of doing an MBA like my uncle now its just a fantasy in this horribly orchestrated dystopia. Ive lost the will to be happy. Ive lost the will to live. . Update my parents have promised my hand in marriage to someone against my will: I created this post because replying to each and very comment wouldve been strenuous. I want to also apologise for delaying in replying. I want to start by thanking each and every one who commented on my post and personal messaged me. This is all too overwhelming and the support I got made realise I am sacrificing my own happiness just because my parents dont approve of my SO After creating my post in the evening yesterday I went straight to a close friend of mine and told him the entire situation. His resolution was also what most of you suggested me to do. Stand up for what I believe is right. Its currently 640 in the morning and i will be returning home and having a serious conversation with my parents about it and I have also decided to invite my boyfriend. I spent the entire night reflecting on how my life will go to waste if I just comply with my parents and I dont want that. I do love my parents and respect them a lot but I have now understood that it doesnt mean that I will agree with everything they say or do against my will. I am slightly flabbergasted and cannot word down everything which I will be doing today but I for sure wont be getting on that plane to India and marrying a stranger. Thank you so much guys. I never expected I would receive this amount of encouragement from here. I sincerely want to thank each and every one of you. I will take my time in replying to each and every comment once I fix this jumbled mess. Old post https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/8ffbvb/myparentshavepromisedmyhandinmarriageto/stJGJBQQREampshba0e56ce. Why did Nirav Modi get such a bad hair transplant: https//imgur.com/a/NonKjTG The guy was a billionaire.. Centres Rejection Of Justice Joseph Is A Wrong Message Says ExChief Justice TS Thakur. PSA If you use WhatsApp you NEED to have Signal Messenger too: With more than [200 million] https//mashable.com/2017/02/24/whatsappindia200millionactiveusers/ active users in India WhatsApp is definitely the default communications app for Indians. Even military and law enforcement personnel use it to transfer data for practical and speedy transfer process though this is more out of necessity and lack of alternatives than out of any real advantage. The average user is happy with WhatsApp especially after it introduced endtoendencryption in 2016 until he appreciates the following points 1. WhatsApp stores your metadata and shares it with governments and if it is stored it can be stolen by paid hackers too WhatsApp stores metadata of all your communications through the app. Metadata is not the content of the communication but the technical details such as who WhatsApp called/messaged who when for how long from what IP address and from what phone IMEI. To understand metadata in this example about mobile phone data/CDR [let us look at the explanation] https//www.eff.org/deeplinks/2013/06/whymetadatamatters offered by the Electronic Frontier Foundation gtThey know you rang a phone sex service at 224 am and spoke for 18 minutes. But they dont know what you talked about. gtThey know you called the suicide prevention hotline from the Golden Gate Bridge. But the topic of the call remains a secret. They know you spoke with an HIV testing service then your doctor then your health insurance company in the same hour. But they dont know what was discussed. gtThey know you received a call from the local NRA office while it was having a campaign against gun legislation and then called your senators and congressional representatives immediately after. But the content of those calls remains safe from government intrusion. gtThey know you called a gynecologist spoke for a half hour and then called the local Planned Parenthoods number later that day. But nobody knows what you spoke about. Telephone metadata or CDR is stored by Indian ISPs. There is nothing you can do about it. But by storing your WhatsApp activity metadata on their servers and sharing it with governments your privacy is invaded. Your metadata shows a record of EVERYONE you have sent a message voice called shared videos and pictures with since the activation of your WhatsApp account. It doesnt say WHAT it is but the other details remain. They know that you have exchanged hundreds of messages and a few photos between 0100 and 0400 every night with a certain number. They know you were on mobile data when your device communicated with Whatsapp servers routinely on the day your parents left for another city and then you sent messages to another number before accessing WhatsApp from an internet connection at a hotel in a nearby city. They know you switched your sim card to another phone before calling a number belonging to a journalist critical of the Indian government. If ever you get in a fight with the family of a powerful politician become a whisteblower on scams or expose corruption using WhatsApp to communicate can compromise your security and possibly your life. Many of you will be asking So If law enforcement is seeking this information even if I want to keep it private they will find out about it anyway. But the point is if metadata is stored and retained on WhatsApp servers it can also be illegally accessed by hackers with financial or personal motives. Even your non IT background ex can hire a hacker over the dark web to hack WhatsApp servers and access your metadata. Businessmen routinely obtain intelligence on their associates and this can include technical surveillance. How Signal can help Signal does not store metadata. The [FBI demanded Signal] https//arstechnica.com/techpolicy/2016/10/fbidemandssignaluserdatabuttheresnotmuchtohandover/ to hand over metadata but all they had stored on their servers and thus had to hand over was when the account was created the last time the account connected to Signals servers. It is for this reason that Signal is blocked in oppressive countries like China Egypt and the UAE. 2. Association with Facebook WhatsApp is associated with Facebook which had been reading [SMSs and your phone logs] https//www.theguardian.com/technology/2018/mar/29/facebookloggedsmstextphonecallsuserscomplain for a long time. Since WhatsApp is also owned by Facebook there are grave privacy implications of using WhatsApp. 3. Email backup Maybe you had a chat with your girlfriend/close friend about very sensitive issues. There is a small possibility that the other party enjoyed the chat and would like to reminisce about it in the future. In WhatsApp all it takes is a single button to email that chat to your email account and it remains for posterity which can have privacy and emotional implications. Blackmail acting out all the things that can happen when a relationship goes sour is possible. 4. Self Destructing Messages The beauty of self destructing messages in Signal is that it can be turned on and off at your discretion. You can talk about cat pictures to your friends on Signal. But when you want to talk about something more intimate simply turn on the self destructing timer to 5/15/30/60 seconds or 1/5/30 minutes or 1/6/12 hours or 1/7 days and after the recipient reads the message the message will be deleted automatically after the set time. It doesnt mean a determined user cant record your conversation but it makes it harder and offers more peace of mind. Signals drawbacks 1. Lack of easy backup solutions. There exists a way to backup chat messages in plain text by using the export button but it appears media pictures videos have to be saved otherwise. 2. Niche user base Signal is currently used by human rights activists law enforcement spies and those seeking extreme privacy. It is also used by drug dealers and criminals but they also use WhatsApp. [Laura Poitras used] http//www.businessinsider.com/howlaurapoitrasavoidedbeingtrackedbygovernmentduringcitizenfour20154 Signal as does Edward Snowden who recommends the app. A lot of ordinary people use it too. But that number is small. It can grow if more common people adopt it. My recommendation Dont ditch WhatsApp. Continue to use it but at the same time also consider introducing Signal into your lives. Your privacy matters. [Download from Google Play] https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidorg.thoughtcrime.securesmsamphlen The commonest means of WhatsApp hacking is through social engineering. You are sent a PDF/Microsoft Word/Powerpoint document with malicious code embedded in it. Social engineering ensures that you will be curious and open it. On doing so a RAT is [installed on your device] https//arstechnica.com/techpolicy/2013/03/ratbreedersmeetthemenwhospyonwomenthroughtheirwebcams/. To avoid this do not open such documents and upload them to VirusTotal.com to check it for any RATs. If you must open them do so in a VM or a live session.. Do personal security guards have authorisation to kill: Here in this news http//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Delhi/threeoffamilydeadafterdisputeoverparkingspace/article23703827.ece The PSG was arrested when he killed a person while performing his duty. If he can be arrested for killing then what is the use of the gun. WATCH Pastors manhandled in temple. Ghar wapsi for pastors India360 with arunodaym sayoniaiyar. Do we have any website in India for reporting suspected kidnapped children like those used by beggars: [removed]. To all randians how much money are you getting from congress for making troll posts about Modi: [removed]. r/india I need help for visibility on fraud tweet against Flipkart: [removed]. TIL Smt. Umlesh Yadav a MLA from UP was the first sitting MP/MLA to be have been disqualified from contesting elections for three years in 2011. She had not disclosed in her official a/cs of expenditure spent on advts. paid news in two Hindi dailies that were masquerading as news items.: gt The Election Commission delivered a historic verdict on Thursday by disqualifying Uttar Pradesh MLA Umlesh Yadav from contesting again for three years for not including in her official accounts of expenditure the amount she spent on advertisements in two Hindi dailies that were masquerading as news items. gt Umlesh Yadav is the wife of liquor baron and billionaire strongman D.P. Yadav and mother of Vikas Yadav the convicted murderer of Nitish Kataria. She was elected from Bisauli in 2007 on the ticket of the Rashtriya Parivartan Dal. gt The EC Chief Election Commissioner S.Y. Quraishi and Election Commissioners V.S. Sampath and H.S. Brahma disqualified Ms. Yadav from contesting any election for Parliament or the State legislatures or Councils for three years under Section 10A of the Representation of the People Act 1951 for suppressing expenditure of Rs. 21250 the amount spent for issuing the advertisements in her election accounts. The ban will take effect from October 20 2011. gt Apart from being the first political victim of the paid news phenomenon Ms. Yadav is also the first sitting legislator to be disqualified for excessive expenditure.The EC officials who went through four volumes of judgments told The Hindu that while a lot of losing candidates have been disqualified in the past never before has the Commission thrown the book at an MP or MLA during his or her term. gt The Commission heard the case following a reference made by the Press Council of India PCI on March 31 2010 after going through a complaint against Amar Ujala and Dainik Jagran for publishing paid news in favour of Ms. Yadav during the last U.P. Assembly elections gt The PCI in its order held the two newspapers guilty of ethical violations. It cautioned the media to refrain from publishing advertisements masquerading as news and decided that its adjudication along with all the case papers be sent to the Election Commission of India for such action as deemed fit by them. gt According to the EC the PCI had then observed The format of the impugned material was such that it would appear as a news report to the layman and the word ADVT printed at the lowest end rather appeared to accompany a small boxed appeal by the candidate. There was beyond doubt a possibility of confusing the voters when the elections were just a day away and all campaigning had stopped. The act was not only unethical by journalistic standards but also in violation of the election laws. Sources http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/paidnewsclaimsfirstpoliticalscalpasecdisqualifiesmla/article2556366.ece http//archive.indianexpress.com/news/paidnewsecdisqualifiesdpyadavswife/863135/ http//pib.nic.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid76804 https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UmleshYadav [You Should Know] In 2010 Paranjoy Guha Thakurta and K. Sreenivas Reddy worked for six months and published a report on the issue of Paid News. The report was never officially adopted by the Press Council of India PCI due to publishers lobby but was ultimately leaked. News article https//www.outlookindia.com/website/story/paidnewstheburiedreport/266542 How corruption in the Indian media undermines democracy [71 page report] https//www.scribd.com/document/35436631/TheBuriedPCIReportonPaidNews Interview with Paranjoy Guha Thakurta on the subject https//www.youtube.com/watchvafYWjKdkfAc AMA with Paranjoy Guha Thakurta https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/3wdabx Documentary from PSBT Brokering news media money and middlemen https//www.youtube.com/watchvV7zbPE4INw . Govt has struck at the very heart of judicial freedom former CJI RM Lodha The Indian Express: [deleted]. TIL Smt. Umlesh Yadav a MLA from UP was the first sitting MP/MLA to be have been disqualified from contesting elections for three years. She had not disclosed in her official a/cs of expenditure spent on advts. paid news in two Hindi dailies that were masquerading as news items.: [deleted]. 5 Ways China Is Trying to Dominate India China Uncensored. State of social media consumption in India: It seems like with the advent of social media in India we are becoming more regressive. Paid trends supporting Ram Rahim Asaram Bapu Baba Rampal Sharukh Khan etc. are among top trends each day I saw them trending in the morning on Twitter. It seems like theres no correlation between education and sanity. Without judging anyone these trends are surely frivolous. Now if you look at YouTube trending videos in India it is no less than cancer. While someone might justify this as were having first generation of internet user. Agreed. When you look at the Google trends each morning youll see horoscope trend. While this might like innocent to someone the thing is that even educated people do this. Some of you guys might think this is normal. Whats the issue here The thing is these big data company nudges our behaviour. Example if youre following a proBJP page on Facebook insert any other Social media here youll start seeing more posts similar to this as per your interest. And same is the case with CPIM or Congress party. These algorithms are so strong that it shapes our outward personality. Some of the most radical Jihadist were highly educated. These folks were radicalized by social media only. So theres need of using social media with care. Theres need of teaching people why and how to use it. While political trends are understandable considering each political parties have their own PR team. What depressing is backing of these trends by their blind followers. Please have a look at the replies to this [tweet]https//twitter.com/yadavtejashwi/status/989359003594625024. Should those who rape minors get the death penalty. Model India A Reddit Based Political Simulation: [removed]. Discussion An appeal for absolute free speech on r/india: [removed]. [self] got cheated online what to do: [removed]. /u/sare1995 if you are lurking hereplease respond.. 104 year old Baba Yogananda of Rishikesh Funny ampamp Honest. [Update] Have you felt this in your Testicles. Serious.: Got an ultrasound done. Its says its a tiny subcentric cyst on the scrotal wall. Will go to a urologist with the report now. . What Jawaharlal Nehru looks like according to Google India: [deleted]. Hi. Looking to sell a beautiful watch: long story short my brother went to japan and he brought with himself a seiko watch for me. Unfortunately i dont want to wear it because i already have quite a few. I thought i should share the images and details here if you guys would be interested. Sorry if i violated the rules of reddit. https//imgur.com/a/avce8DH the watch is listed on amazon india for 19 thousand right now i am willing to sell it for 18500 negotiable. willing to accept payment via bank transfer or some other means would prefer is buyer is located in delhi. also id like to mention that seiko has 2 production centres one being in japan and one being in malaysia the seiko watches made in japan are exclusively available for japanese domestic market only. the one listed on amazon india is made in malaysia. . Shamli Bajrang Dal Activist Force Ghar Wapsi On Dalit Man Who Had Converted To Islam. Faith Healer Aijaz Sheikh Has Sexually Abused Thousands Of Children. AJ Styles ampamp Gallows ampamp Anderson vs Shinsuke Nakamura ampamp Rusev Day SmackDown LIVE April 24 2018. Monkey dog menace at AIIMS Mankea Gandhi. Cleric gets jail for black magic raping 25yearold woman in Mumbai. Documentary on Rapes in India. Since we use a lot of spices. Rajkumar Hiranis Sanjay Dutt Biopics trailer out starring Ranbir Kapoor. Kerala After failed abortion attempt couple kills infant half an hour after birth. Couples Erotic Game 4 Play Four Sexy Games In One adult games for Men amp Women in India. Condom amp Toy Safe Lubricant Bioglide Natural 40ML Buy Best adult Sex Toys for Men amp Women in India. [Reddiquette] An open thinktank to solve Indias problems: Can we have an open thinktank What I mean by that is a platform like wikipedia or stackexchange where people contribute ideas towards solving problems like our educationsystem fakenews or something else. This would involve giving different perspectives on the problems constructively criticising existing approaches developing new leads etc.. India has many problems but we also have a lot of people with diverse expertise and experiences who want to solve these problems. An online platform would be a good way to get them together. 10 minds are much better than 1 mind working 10 times hard. And ideas are one of the most important things. Unfortunately r/India doesnt do much of this. Perhaps we could make another subreddit or wiki or a StackExchange site What do you think PS I shamelessly request you all to upvote this post. I want more people to respond to this . Dear Randia Im happy to announce the launch of a new sub Desi Motorists: Dear Randia As a vehicle enthusiast and an avid road tripper I was surprised that there was no sub dedicated to India and Indians. I figured why not create one. I am happy to announce the launch of this new sub r/DesiMotorists This will be your special place to discuss and share about anything related to vehicles road trips driving riding etc. etc. The sub was created almost 9 months ago but due to lack of time and general procrastination sigh I couldnt spend any time on building it. Sorry about that Please feel free to comment below your suggestions and tips on the sub and how you would like to see it running. Thanks. A retrospective view from a neoimperialistpostcolonialworld tourist. Amazon India deletes actor Swara Bhaskers tweet endorsing the company after Twitter outrage. What are some greatest books worth reading by Indian authors: [removed]. [NP] Hindu muslim couple contemplating marriage need your advice.: Hi R/india need your advice on a few things. Im an atheist dude in love with a girl who is a practicing Hindu.Weve known each other for slightly over 2 years and have been in love for the last 1 year.Both of us stay in Delhi and are looking to get married under the special marriage act and neither of us plan to convert. Parents and relatives are a concern for us but as I see it both sides should eventually agree and it should be ok weve already discussed with our parents and while they do have issues theyre not abandoning us so thats good. However both of us have a fear of what could happen to us especially given the political scenario these days.There have been acts of violence in the past specifically targeting hindu muslim couples up here in the North.I seriously need your advice here to understand if its really that bad ive mostly lived in the city and havent observed anything as such but were both still scared for our lives.Do you think were overthinking We plan to move out of our parents house and stay on rent somewhere in Gurgaon I know finding places for rent will be difficult.Both of us also earn a decent amount of money and should be able to buy a home in another 34 years if needed.Were also ok to relocate to Bangalore or Pune if needed and even move out of India if the situation demands but would like to stay somewhere close to our parents if we can afford to. . Dalit Teen Who Named Culprits of BhimaKoregaon Violence Found Dead in Well. Sunset Ghandinagar High Way. Shahid Kapoor On Miras Second Pregnancy It Was A Spontaneous Decision And It Just Happened.. Exclusive From JampK another horror story of rape and intimidation For almost three months a minor girl was drugged raped and forced to be part of a sex racket. She has alleged that a Jammu cop and PDP MLA were party to the crime. The police is yet to file a chargesheet in the case.. A 10yearold girl who was missing from last 4 days has been found outside a Haj house in Ghaziabad. The police has arrested a Muslim cleric in connection with the case.. In light of recent events lets talk about Porn: 1.It is easily available and accessible. 2.In our country where there is no sex education porn gives people the worst info on sex and sexuality. 3.Depiction of women in Bollywood movies are in line with the objectification and degradation of women seen in porn. Even for educated people it warps their image of what good sexual conduct is. And so on. I am afraid that porn is now easily accessible for people who are not even allowed to talk to women and this contradiction is not healthy. You see a lot of increase in porn addiction and it is a major mental health affliction. In conjunction with the fact that most people are not even educated to even recognize that this is a mental health disorder.. It light of recent events Lets talk about Porn: [deleted]. In light of recent events why is no one talking about porn: [removed]. Backpack recommendations.: I am planning to buy a backpack for 1015 days trip in Himalayas. Please suggest me how many liters backpack should i go for Also which brand Quechua/Wildcraft . Help finding me a part time job in Delhi: [removed]. PSA Infinity War Tickets are out NOW: I already got mine and seats are filling out too fast. . Not Today. On pessimism and helplessness among people: Today I talked with my mother regarding current political and social situation in the country and she was surprised at my pessimism she told me that I am blind towards the positive changes in society. She said for the first time in hundreds of years there is an army of youth which is above the lines of caste and religion there are people who question every action of government and they try to make them accountable people are openly discussing rape and women issues. She said the current system is like a dying flame it is bright and there is filth everywhere in the society but people are speaking people are asking questions and challenging the old system and customs. She feels very positive about the future according to her people were never so aware and conscious about what is happening around them they were living in their own world caring about their own life but the times have changed now and she feels hopeful. . Your opinion about the cause of rapes.: My opinion 0. Read Maslows Need Hierarchy Theory. 1.The transition faced by modern classes of society and how it has created a rift between the lifestyle of the rich and poor. 2.The influence of movies showcasing Ladki aakhir pat hi jaayegi sirf hume kuch karne ki der hai. Take any Govinda Movie 3.WYSINWYG A sound man will know that what he sees in a movie Hollywood or Bollywood porn or anything else is not the actual case in reality. The picture is completely different. But some dont get it. They think everything is the same as in movies or porn. 4.The knowledge that they will never be able to get laid with some modern female or so. This might push them to do such spontaneous actions. Im open to your thoughts and want to hear all opinions.. Wrong Hole Not Mine. [R] experiencing physical abuse in public: [removed]. [R] My experience of public physical abuse: [removed]. Saturday blues: Saturday is here and it always feels too lonely. I do go out with friends sometimes though often they are unavailable. Thats fine. This makes me feel worthless and quite frankly chips away at my selfesteem. Im in the mid twenties. Im always reminded that I should have made more friends during college as it is way too difficult now. I have started enjoying drinks however it feels weird to go alone. How to deal with this Am I over thinking this Im also very accomodating once it comes to someone asking me to hang out.. Its come to this J/K police have to release Asifa rape forensic details to push back against the fakery. What. a. time.. Im tired of looking at product [R]eviews in Amazon and finding peoples photos in customer images.: Do these people even think before posting them Like why would anyone want to look at your photos Its especially annoying when I cannot find a single image of the product but a lot of images of people.. Role of an Entrepreneur.. Is this source used in a recent British article about Gujarat pogrom accurate: [removed]. India A diagnoal divide. No Rape in Kathua Case as Per Post Mortem Reports Dainik Jagran. Whats going on in our country. Is there any truth in this: [removed]. Impeachment The five charges levelled against Chief Justice Dipak Misra. Jordan Peterson on Indian Mythology 2018 . Tripura CMs claims about internet in Mahabharat era inspires hilarious memes on ancient Indian tech. Human Rights Activist and Former Chief Justice Rajinder Sachar Passes Away. Naroda Patiya case Gujarat HC acquits Maya Kodnani upholds Babu Bajrangis conviction Times of India. CJI impeachment motion LIVE updatesToo serious a move to be played with frivolously Khurshid tells Congress. Disowned by family depressed suicidal. Help please. [R] Long: [removed]. Avoid these body language mistakes in office. Disturbed with debates on CJI impeachment says SC as it asks AG if media could be restrained. Can we have a shitpost flair so that they can be filtered out: They were funny at first but now its just too much.. 100 Beef Slider Xpost from r/InterestingAsFuck. How do I travel from Udupi to Chikkamgalaur via bus: I have been scouring the internets for information and cant come across anything. Can someone please help me out Any pointers would be appreciated. Also I think this post complies with subreddit rules. Pls dont delete mods.. Judge Loyas Death 13 Questions That Remain Unanswered. There is no hope left everything seems managed judge Loyas family members say. Guitarists of India doesnt it annoy you that everything from pedals to guitars is priced 3040 higher than the products original price: As the title says.. [R] AMOLED India Wallpaper.. For many Chennaiites old and young this suicide prevention volunteer is the last lifeline. Kathua Gangrape Victims Lawyer Slams Propaganda Against Her On News Channel Hacking Of Twitter Account Live Law. AMA Annoucement Bikerni Team an all Women Biker Team Which Recently Completed the Road to Mekong Expedition riding through India Myanmar Thailand Cambodia Vietnam amp Laos on 26th April Thursday Evening IST: Greetings /r/India We will be hosting The Bikerni Team which recently completed an overland expedition by four women motorcycle enthusiasts covering six nations in seven weeks on motorcycles for an AMA. Please find the details of the AMA below. About Bikerni Team The Bikerni Team from Hyderabad which recently completed an Epic Road Trip across six nations in seven weeks comprises of Jai Bharathi as the Road Captain Shilpa Balakrishnan as the Road Marshall A.S.D Shanthi for selfdefence and safety and Piya Bahadur for Journey Documentation. They have started their pioneering road trip from Hyderabad on 11th of February 2018 and rode through 11 Indian States and Myanmar Thailand Laos Vietnam and Cambodia before returning back to Hyderabad on April 8th. We will be having the Bikerni Team here to share about their experiences during this trip with us for an AMA. [News Link]https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/meetwomenbikershydwhorode17000kmcovering11states5countries79338 Verification Soon Date amp Time April 26th Thursday Evening 68 PM IST . AMA Annoucement Bikerni Team an all Women Biker Team Which Recently Completed the Road to Mekong Expedition riding through India Myanmar Thailand Cambodia Vietnam amp Laos: [deleted]. I think I might have gotten my girlfriend pregnant and I am freaking out: On the 15th me and my girl made out. Now I dont remember exactly but I think I might have had some preejaculate on my fingers when I fingered her. I do remember having some pre ejaculate on my left hand from holding my own penis but I cant recall if I fingered her with the left or the right hand. However the amount of preejaculate wasnt much and my hand rubbed on a few places on her body and clothes so Im not sure how much of it must have gone in. I did not orgasm and PIV did not happen. Some mild rubbing a little finger went in and that was it. The finger might have contained some precum on it. She called me last night complaining of a mild pain in her abdomen that she has never felt before. Its been more than 3 days when the fingering happened just a little over the 72 hour window for the morning after pill. Although I had my concerns since I wasnt sure if my hands were clean before the fingering I did not ask her to take a morning after pill since it has side effects. Also shes only 22 so apparently shes not old enough to take it yet. The 15th was the 7th or 8th day of her cycle. Her periods had ended just 2 days before on the 13th. So according to what Ive read chances she might be ovulating are pretty low correct Based upon what Ive read on the internet she isnt likely to be pregnant but were still worried sick. Isnt it too early to be implantation cramps I suggested that she might be beginning to ovulate but she says she hasnt felt this kind of pain before. She also says shes been really wet for the past few days more than she normally gets. Is there a way to confirm for sure if shes pregnant or not Should I ask her to take a morning after pill now Its been around 80 hours since I fingered her. Please help. Were located in Delhi. I am familiar with the crowdsourced list of gynecologists but I have no idea what to even do with it.. Rabbit Vibrator Amorino Pink Sex Toys for Women Online in India. Angelo Blackberry Vibrating Dildo Online in India. Ashifa. Narendra Modi under fire as India reels from rape and murder of children World The Times. After working for 3 months I have launched my first puzzle game for Android. I would love to have your suggestions about it.: Hey r/India I am a student and a beginner in Android development. I have developed and published an app and a game before when I was learning the basics. I started working on my game 3 months ago and its finally out. About the game The name of the game is here. There are 50 levels. Each level is unique and requires its own logic. The purpose of the game is to make or find the word here in all the levels. If you get stuck on a level you can get a hint by watching a video ad and apart from that there are no other ads. There are 3 hints per level to help you figure out the approach to solve the level. The game asks for no permissions and all the data your progress is saved locally on your device. I released the game a week ago and now I wish to share it with you all. I would love to have any kind of feedback or suggestions about the game. There have been a few bugs which the users encountered during the last week so feel free to mention any problem or bug that I should take care of. Criticism is highly appreciated. Play Store https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.techyonic.here Although I have never made videos before but here is a short trailer that I made YouTube Trailer https//www.youtube.com/watchv2D2UnqW2uyk. Kathua and Unnao rape cases UN Women chief says acts of rape and murder dehumanise societies. [R] [ASK] Randians with credit card debt what drove you to spend beyond your means. Ozzy Man Reviews Indian Excavator Fail. Diabetes is Indias fastest growing disease 72 million cases recorded in 2017 figure expected to nearly double by 2025. AMA Announcement Raghav Mandava Standup Comedian. April 19th Thursday Evening IST: Greetings /r/India We will be hosting Raghav Mandava in an AMA. Please find the details of the AMA below. About Raghav Raghav is one of the first comedians from Delhi. He was at the very first open mic organized in Delhi in the summer of 2009. He has played a major part in shaping the current comedy industry and even some of the comedians you may know today. In 2010 he started a company called Cheese Monkey Mafia for organizing open mics and pub gigs. Many household names of today did their first five minutes at the shows he organized. His additional skill set is best explained as a producer and talent scout. There is an article he wrote in 2015 about some of the upcoming comedians that he thought people should see https//lbb.in/delhi/raghavmandavadelhicomics/. He has even shot sketches and videos for comedians here is an example https//www.youtube.com/watchvdYsrdh15XY8. In 2014/15 he worked with the Australian High Commission to host their comedy competition RAW where the winners went and performed in the Melbourne Comedy Festival. In May 2014 he was on the opening weekend of a comedy club in Malaysia called the CrackHouse. Basically comedy mein kaafi masti maara hai aur kismet ka full fyada uthaya hai his words P. Verification Soon Date amp Time April 19th Thursday Evening IST This is the announcement thread. Not the AMA thread. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the guest.. President Ram Nath Kovind speaks on Kathua horror What kind of society are we developing Times of India. PV Sindhu Writes Emotional Letter After Loss to Saina Nehwal in CWG Final. Can we please have a daily random thread here. mental health meds do we know enough:  I know there is a need for awareness about mental health seeking help and talking out about such issues BUT there is also need of awareness of how severe the side effects can be for mental health drugs i also know how ignorant we Indians are towards easily treatable mental issues weekly there are atleast 2 suicidal posts on r/india. r/india is such a small sample of population of India and yet there is such high number of depressed people this is alarming. coming to the point even though i am very much pro treatment i highly doubt the efficacy of the mental health meds available in the market. these meds have marginal balance between side effects and benefits. the biggest side effect of almost all of these drugs is ironically depression i am not saying this please refer to the MSDS/pharmacokinetics/ documentation of those meds many of those drugs alter personality. i have seen one case where i felt that the person i am interacting is a totally different person than the one i knewnot a friend. there are high incidences of addiction and extreme withdrawl sysmptoms in many of such drugs India lags way behind in research in this field pharmaceutical companies from the US dominate the research in this flied but as we know its driven by profitability we just monkeyseemonkeydo them medicine practitioners in the US have been known to exploit this by unnecessarily prescribing such drugs to everyone for different ulterior motives. eg search for wisconsin VA candyland In India we already lack the awareness of the mental health issues let alone the mental health medication some medical health practitioners at times exploit this knowledge gap to make the patients and their families their bitches if you think this is not happening around us lets just take an old example search on google go/no go pills Indian Air Force mental health meds are good only if they are prescribed with a motive of curing the sickness. i know a couple of psychologists that BIND their patients using such drugs. and everything is obviously hush hush because we Indians think of mental health conditions as pagalpan there are also many cases of substance induced mania and violence but news writes it off as the offender was undergoing treatment for mental health to which we imply arre woh toh pehle se hi pagal tha/thi there is also this fad of NOOTROPICS or exam drugs in youngsters 1425 year olds they are self medicating thinking that it will give them edge over other students it has become pretty prevalent everywhere the IIT JEE circle the MBBS circle the UPSC circle go to a forum and post that you are not able to concentrate and remember what you studies and see how fellow students post replies of names of drugsmeds and ease of availability and costs there are severe side effects to all those drugs that are abused in this case and no one cares about them. not until the side effects manifest them self and the student is scared as shit and fucked up. now he has to let go of his dream and think of corrective measures to live a simple life. we cannot care about what anyone else does here in India its just too many people but use this information just to be aware of things happening around you to your dear ones you might not even know that your sibling might be popping pills in the next room you might not know that the meds that the good doctor prescribes comes at costs more than just money. i am just questioning things here based on what i know correct me if i am wrong share what you know. [edit] these are not stone engraved facts these are personal anecdotes and my personal implications. A false rumour being spread on social media about a missing minor girl held captive in a Metiabruz house and police being afraid of raiding house.Dont believe in rumours being spread to create communal tension. All indulged in spreading rumour wud be severely dealt with.. She Is a Woman How Intelligent Can She Be Kathua Defence Lawyer on Woman Investigator: [deleted]. How much can you afford to buy a house fo[r]. [xpost /r/Science] Study People with less political knowledge think they know a lot about politics: I thought people here might find it interesting considering how much politics all of us discuss in India. I guess all of us are guilty of thinking how little the other person knows and how much better informed we are. The article says gt People who know less about politics are more confident about their political knowledge according to research published in the scientific journal Political Psychology. The new study found that this effect was exacerbated when partisan identities were activated. gt Partisans with modest factual knowledge about politics become even more convinced that they are savvier than average when they reflect on a world full of members of the opposite party. In fact when I asked partisans to grade political knowledge quizzes filled out by fictional members of the other party lowskilled respondents gave out scores that reflected party biases much more than actual knowledge. So when you start identifying as a supporter of one ideology/party youre more likely to do this. The article specifically talks about [Dunning Kruger Effect]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DunningE28093Krugereffect gt In the field of psychology the DunningKruger effect is a cognitive bias wherein people of low ability suffer from illusory superiority mistakenly assessing their cognitive ability as greater than it is. The cognitive bias of illusory superiority derives from the metacognitive inability of lowability persons to recognize their own ineptitude without the selfawareness of metacognition lowability people cannot objectively evaluate their actual competence or incompetence. Now before you apply this to all the other people consider this it could be applicable to you and me. Maybe this should convince us to keep a more open mind when hearing a different point of view /r/Science thread which links to the article gt https//np.reddit.com/r/science/comments/8ctlyn/ As a comment points out there the study has its limitations and is based on two online surveys. . I am a Hindu and I am tired and angry. Men gangrape kill 14yearold girl in Bihar over land dispute. The accused residents of the same village as that of the girl abducted her when she went with her sisterinlaw to relieve herself in the field near her village and dumped her body which bore 52 injuries near her house.. What do you think about this latest crypto startup news. Old news of 14year old raped inside mosque in Moradabad circulates as recent incident. Kathua hearing about to begin in Supreme Court before a bench headed by CJI. Sr. Adv IJaising and DeepikaSRajawat are seen in Court. Thread.. Butlers Web Krishna Politics and QNETs International Pyramid Scheme. My Only Religion Was My Uniform Officer Who Cracked Kathua Case. For Gods sake try looking at women not as a piece of flesh which can satisfy your sexual needs and on whom you can rant out at the end of the day. Try looking them as equal to you a piece of flesh that indeed has its own Identity and own dreams.: Please stop checking out ass and bosom part of a woman and for once try looking beyond it. Try looking for companionship instead of finding a women to bang on the desk. Rewire your Brain for the Good. It will take time surely because of the fact we that we myself have become so Perverted and our mind and yet we fail to even notice it. As Gandhi said Be the change you wish to see in the world. I know if you say the same to your friends they will simply ignore you so just try it for your own sanity. Try it and Maybe there will not be any Asifa or Nirbhaya. Govt can only make laws change has to come from within. So you Go out and change yourself for the Good. May the Force be with you. . Mr Robot were right. Unsubscribe.. Dont let people spread fake news and rumors.. [R] Overheard on the Indian Internet The Insane Edition.. Since morning recieved atleast 45 news about Rapes and atrocities towards it. Can we do something about it.: Hi hows your Sunday afternoon since making a long post would take a lot of time. For once leaving our political religious ideologies aside and thinking about the current scenario The Indian Rape Culture . For once all of us Randians and everyone out there reading this can we for once start something something so big that strict laws are enacted and a way to stop this. Please leave your suggestions. . Modis Handling of Kathua Unnao Rape Cases an Existential Crisis say Former Civil Servants The Wire: [deleted]. Almost all deaf and mute minor girls sexually harassed at Karjat boarding school in Mumbai. [Serious] My friend is being stalked.: Okay so I had a bunch of friends back in college in 2013 2017 in Chennai. A guy in my friend circle liked a girl in my friend circle. We had a fallout due to that that guy being an extremely weird person. Whenever the girl goes out with some guy he would try to find out where they went and then he would text her that he doesnt like it and shit. During our later stage in college we moved out of hostel and we dont hang around with him much anymore. But he would still text her. Fast forward 1 year later my friend is still receiving creepy texts. She blocked him evrywhere and he would text her from a new number. His text would range from Im sorry I should not have done that to I just want to have sex with you. Now I didnt ask my friend for a while if he is still texting her but she sent a screenshot today to me. He was asking her where she lives and stuff and that he went to a psychiatrist and got diagnosed with Paraphilia. Look during my days in Chennai Ive seen those two killings in broad fucking daylight by two stalking ex boyfriend or whatever. I also read about them and that police didnt do shit. Now Im actually scared for my friend coz she stays in the same city. What could be done here Should we inform the police Or should she try to change her work place maybe inform her boss and try to get relocated Im at a loss here. Please help. . Considering how crazy we as Indians are about cricket The CWG 2018 medal tally is really one of our best Quest. Kudos to every player out there who played their hearts out.. [R] Why do people get married so early: Im 24 yrs and my friends and other similarly aged people are getting engaged to be married. I ask why the rush Why dont people want to explore more about life and about themselves before falling into the bonds of marriage . Kathua rape victims mother The girl who loved horses meadows now in a lonely grave. Politics on asifa death in indiaspeaks sub: [removed]. I come here pleading: Please my fellow randians.Please dont let the misinformation get a hold. Please dont let the whatabouery get a hold. Please dont just ignore the questions of why the Kathua incident is a communal/political incident. RESPOND Whether its your friends family or a random stranger. Respond and lay bare the facts. But do it in a calm and collected manner. And dont forget that your audience is not only that person but also anyone reading it. If we can even change a single mind well succeed. Slowly but surely. Persevere. And for the love of everything you hold dear dont stay silent.. Discrimination at Taj Mahal. oDesk UpWork WordPress Login For Product Upload Online Job. PM Modis silence on Kathua Unnao Rapes Along with fasting is he also on on speech abstinence Cartoon in BBC News Hindi. Noam Chomsky AADHAAR could be used in totally unacceptable ways CATHARSIS. Kathua rape Ensure justice UN to govt BJPPDP alliance under threat Business Standard News. [Serious] How prevalent is ragging in colleges now: Ill be starting college this year so I was curious. That is a major worry for me. Id also like to know if the antiragging helplines advertised by many colleges actually work. Finally if facing such a situation how should I respond. Shouldve Never Split From Her Father of Girl Raped in Kathua. [R] Here is how you can help Asifa get justice.: Hold them accountable or vote them out. Copypasting from a Facebook post JusticeforAsifa FLOOD YOUR MINISTERS OFFICES WITH PHONE CALLS AND LETTERS contacts below A 8 yearold girl was raped tortured and killed because some people used her as a tool to drive away a poor community. Thousands of us have been sharing on social media because thats all we can do...right RIGHT NO. What we can do is hold our elected representatives responsible. We write to them we call on their numbers UNTIL they have to listen to us. Flood their offices with handwritten letters demanding justiceforAsifa. Call their numbers demanding JusticeforAsifa. Call them and write to them until they have no space left to store the letters and their phones are ringing off the hook. Tell them that as a citizen of India and as a HUMAN you are asking them to ensure that Asifas family receive justice and the perpetrators receive the fullest punishment possible. Be firm be brave and be respectful but DO IT. I am putting down a list of numbers and addresses at the bottom. Share it and use it and drive your representatives to do what their jobs. Each call each letter matters. PRIME MINISTERS OFFICE Phone Numbers Ph 23012312 23013149 23019545 Fax23016857 PMO helpline 911800110031 Office South Block Raisina Hill New Delhi110011 Residence 7 Race Course Road New Delhi 110011 Ph23018939 23018668 23015470 Fax23015603 CHIEF MINISTER Jamp K Mehbooba Mufti Sayeed Office Address Srinagar Jammu and Kashmir CM Office Room No 17 Civil Secretariat Srinagar180001 India Office Address Jammu Main Building Room No 3/4 Third Floor Civil Secretariat Jammu 91 1912546766Jammu ContactResidence 91 1912545529 Email cmsectjknic.in MINISTER LAW AND JUSTICE Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad Phone 911123386615 Phone 911123012295 R Fax 911123384241 Address4th Floor A Wing Shashtri Bhawan Rajendra Prasad Road New Delhi. PIN 110001 MINISTER WOMEN AND CHILD DEVELOPMENT Maneka Gandhi Tels. 011 23359241 23357088 9868180604 9013180192 M Address 14 Ashoka Road New Delhi 110 001 MINISTER SOCIAL JUSTICE AND EMPOWERMENT Shri Thaawarchand Gehlot 01123381001 01123381390 01123782132 01123381902 FAX 01123012175 R 01123012195 R Address Room No. 721 AWing Shastri Bhawan New Delhi 110 001 Tel 23073567 MINISTER MINORITY AFFAIRS Shri Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi Khidmat the tollfree helpline 1800112001 Address 11th Floor Pandit Deendayal Antyodaya Bhawan CGO Complex Lodhi Road New Delhi110003 NATIONAL COMMISSION FOR WOMEN Plot21 Jasola Institutional Area New Delhi 110025 Email ncw[at]nic[dot]in Complaint Cell complaintcellncw[at]nic[dot]in COMMISSION FOR WOMEN Statewise details http//ncw.nic.in/frmliststatecommission.aspx STATE COMMISSION FOR PROTECTION OF CHILD RIGHTS Statewise details http//www.ncpcr.gov.in/index1.php NATIONAL COMMISSION FOR PROTECTION OF CHILD RIGHTS 5th Floor Chanderlok Building36 Janpath New Delhi110001 Phone01123478200 Fax01123724026 For Complaintwww.ebaalnidan.nic.in. Mandir kab banega: Lets bring the best memes we got. He he. [P] [R] Its more than enough. My thoughts on the Kathua rape case.: A lot has been said about the Kathua case and a lot needs to be said. However No matter how much we tell about this or even broadcast this will not be enough. The heinous inhumane actions that were done by the barbaric beasts that are masquerading as humans deserve to be plunged so deep into a hell a hell that hasnt even been imagined or designed. I dont know if it was a community inflicted act of bestiality but if it is this country will soon see tensions that were never seen. A 4 year old Utopian hope that is leading towards Dystopia. The power hungry greedy hypocrites will put the communal tag onto everything just to satisfy their insatiable greed for power. The more we politicize this issue the more we play into their hands. This country will slowly head towards a division the way those assholes play. We cannot let them do that. Its time we rise above community religion caste god and address the question that we should and stand together for the innocent 8 year old. Its time we rise against those radicalised scum. Delhi. Kathua. Unnao. How many more before its enough These fringe Hindu radical groups make my belief in this country die a little every day. These barbaric radicalised scum with there 18th century thoughts degrade any hope for a good future day after day. This was not why we voted for a change. We didnt vote to have the fear of being attacked by the most illiterate mob that may exist. Their silence is more than enough to signify that this is not the change that we want. Their silence is more than enough to signify that this country to kick them out of power. Their silence is enough for us. More than enough. . Our Story in 5 Minutes: [deleted]. AMA Announcement Kunal Kamra Standup Comedian. Sunday 15th April 12 Noon: Greetings /r/India We will be hosting standup comedian Kunal Kamra in an AMA. Apart from standup comedy he also hosts a podcast show called Shut Up Ya Kunal. You can checkout his work here https//www.youtube.com/channel/UC7sbc0Ed3yMuetXVpj7cg Do show up for the AMA. This will be fun Verification https//twitter.com/kunalkamra88/status/984085329497018369 Date amp Time Sunday 15th April 12 Noon This is the announcement thread. Not the AMA thread. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the guest.. [Serious] Whats the difference between a Sanghi and a Bhakt. [Serious] Could Congress be paying media outlets to publish antimodi news: Ok. Hear me out. Im not a Modi fan but ever since Modi became PM hes been surrounded by negative media. We didnt hear much about him in the news when he was the CM of gujarat. Of course there was Godhra but he was definitely not in negative media that often. What changed My theory is that Congress knows they wont come into power unless they either have a good leader or make Modi look bad in any way possible. No doubt that BJP goons have risen too but werent they goons before too How come media didnt make big deal of it before Is Congress playing a smart PR game here or must BJP be stopped before we turned into a one party state. Tired of social media activism and feeling powerless Ive started a microrevolution in my life: Ive started calling out people around me. My family my friends my colleagues. If someone in my life makes a bigoted sexist racist or a communal statement I call them out. If someone in my life makes a bigoted sexist racist or a communal joke I call them out. If someone in my life makes a bigoted sexist racist or a communal WhatsApp forward I call them out. If someone in my life shares a bigoted sexist racist or a communal Facebook post/message I call them out. Over the last two days Ive burned bridges with some relatives I never cared about. And Ive lost some friends. But I must honesly attest to the fact that feels liberating and I feel like Im making a difference. Heres how It starts with one. One person who informs people in his toxic family WhatsApp group of an alternative side of the story. Who appeals to their logic reason and empathy. Who shows them a way out of the toxic echo chamber. Now imagine that one person in millions of families around the country doing the same thing. . MegaThread The Kathua Gang Rape:  Background Source http//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia43722714 Asifa went missing on 10th January. Her family and neighbours searched for her and when they were unable to locate her a police complaint was filed on 12th January. gtBut according to Mr Pujwala father the police were not helpful. One of the police officers he alleges said Asifa must have eloped with a boy. It was only after the community protested that police officers were assigned to the case. gtOne of those who was assigned Deepak Khajuria was himself arrested in connection with the crime. Her body was discovered five days later. Crime Source http//indianexpress.com/article/india/kathuachargesheetinjkchildgangraperitualsachillinginviteandapolicecoverup5132283/ gtTHE EIGHTYEAROLD was gangraped thrice inside the Devasthan or prayer hall after the mastermind had performed rituals. One of the rapists was called from Meerut to satisfy his lust. The girl was confined using sedatives then strangled and hit on the head twice with a stone in order to make sure she was dead. But not before another accused a police personnel asked the others to wait because he wanted to rape her one last time. gtAnd all this to dislodge a group of Bakherwal Muslim nomads from Rasana village in Kathua near Jammu. Protests Hindu Ekta Manch Source https//scroll.in/article/869164/hindugroupsrallyforaccusedinamuslimchildsrapeandmurdersparkscommunaltensioninjammu gtOn February 14 the Hindu Ekta Manch held a protest march. gtSpeaking to the media after the rally Prem Nath Dogra the BJPs district president in Kathua alleged that attempts were afoot to crush the voices of nationalists and that Bakarwals were antinationals who shouted proPakistan slogans. He questioned the investigation calling it jihad led by a a specific bunch of people. The investigation is being headed by a Muslim officer from Kashmir. Dogra said the government could have formed a team with 50 members of Hindu community. gtSharma president Hindu Ekta Manch blamed outsiders for misleading the simple and decent Bakarwals. His said his group also wanted justice for the murdered child and it was not shielding anyone. We are asking for a CBI investigation so that everything becomes black and white he said referring to the Central Bureau of Investigation. gtIn spite of Sharmas claim that they only want an impartial investigation the Hindu Ekta Manch seems to have shifted its attention from the enquiry to the GujjarBakarwal community in general. On February 17 the group called for a social boycott of the community in Hiranagar asking Hindus not to sell land to them give them fodder or trade with them. The meeting where this decision was taken was reportedly attended by Rashpaul Verma vice chairman of the Other Backward Classes Welfare Board who enjoys the status of minister of state Kuldeep Verma the BJP legislator from Hiranagar and Subhash Gupta Kathua district president of the Congress. Lawyers Source http//www.rediff.com/news/interview/thiscrimecanneverhappeninatemple/20180411.htm They claim that they have four demands Firstly Rohingya Muslims must be thrown out of Jammu. The second demand is to withdraw an order issued by the tribal affairs ministry of Jammu and Kashmir which states that no action can be taken against tribals unless it is approved by the tribal minister. Thirdly bovine smuggling has increased. Earlier the police used to stop bovine vehicles but now the JampK government has issued an order that the police will not stop and check any bovine vehicles. By doing so they are encouraging bovine smuggling. Fourth is the Hiranagar incident the Kathua rape case in which that girl must get justice but the crime branch investigation is bringing in a communal divide and the facts are being ignored. We said we need the CBI to investigate the case and we fail to understand why the government is not doing it. Now the matter has come to court. Therefore there was a Jammu bandh. They also claim that the charge sheet is made up. gtCan any man ever rape a girl in a temple or any religious place This is unreasonable and lies as no one can rape a girl in a temple. If he does so he is not a Hindu. This crime can never happen in a temple. This is an unnatural crime and we feel the crime branch has made up a story which is concocted. I feel this story was made up by these officers from Srinagar to project an image that Muslims are not safe in Jammu. Megathread Since the front page was dominated by the incident we have decided to create a mega thread where we can consolidate discussion. . How to go about finding excellent quality leather sofas [R]: Not genuine leather not natural leather not split leather. I mean the real deal top grain/full grain leather that will last 20 years. Ive seen so many stores high end and low end that claim top grain leather but provide absolutely no guarantee whatsoever. Apparently I should just trust them. But the industry is rife with stores passing off low grade split/bonded leather as top grain and where the material will crack and peel in a few years which not only is a huge waste of money but a PITA to deal with when it happens. I dont mind paying the price if Im guaranteed top grain leather. How can I find them. Hope trundles into remote hamlets on Indias hospital train. Class 5 girl gangraped burnt alive in Assams Nagaon. [R] India Post help: I have ordered a pen from Massdrop they used DHL to ship to India. DHL has transferred the parcel to India Post. Apparently they had an unsuccessful delivery attempt even though I was at home that day. Now they are shipping it back to Germany It says gt Source Germany gt Destination Germany hilarious but Im fucked. Talked to the foreign Post office who gave me an email id and told me to mail my Aadhar card tracking number etc to it. anyone has faced similar issues and how to resolve it Im in Delhi and my parcel a letter is at Delhi International Mail Centre DIMC. Its being shipped back to Germany . Any hair oil recommendations: [removed]. Just read a post saying It is girls who are bringing medals to the country while boys are causing violent protests. Whats your take on this: This was posted as a whatsapp status by a girl. I asked another girl what she thinks and said that protests are cause mainly by men. I gave her information that 10 of 25 medals won by India in CWG 2018 were won by women and 1 was mixed team event. So actually most of the medals were won by men. Lets have a discussion on this please as I was really angered as a logical feminist who has been supporting women fighting for their rights. I hope such posts dont make me against feminism.. [R] Naa khaunga naa kha. Where the F is Congressopposition: I am really really angry right now about the kathua rape. I dont understand what the fuck the opposition is doing. they should be on street in big numbers organizing protests put pressure on the gov so that they family gets justice. what are they doing opposition needs to step up. An 8YearOlds Rape and Killing Fuels Religious Tensions in India. Have you ever thought about becoming a politician: With the sad state of events I constantly think about joining politics. But I think that I might end up becoming an independent candidate at best with not much effect on my state let alone the center. What are your thoughts. I read the Kathua article in Indian Express and I am actually sad for the first time in a decade.: Last time I got this sad was in the 2006 Noida serial murders case. The Nirbhaya and currently Unnao cases are also heartbreaking but the Kathua case simple takes the cake in being the most deplorable barbaric grotesque and retarded shit to be pulled. For those who dont know heres the article [Kathua chargesheet In JK child gangrape rituals a chilling invite and a police coverup]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/kathuachargesheetinjkchildgangraperitualsachillinginviteandapolicecoverup5132283/ Apparently a group of retarded cunts headed by equally cunty politicians supported the perpetrators on the lines of religion. Today many lawyers were protesting and delaying court proceedings. [Link 1]http//indianexpress.com/article/cities/jammu/kathuarapemurdercaselowresponsetostrikecalledbybarassociationmarketreopensinjammu5133205/ [Link 2]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/kathuarapemurder40bookedforlawyersprotest5132321/ [Link 3]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/kathuarapemurderchargesheetfiledagainstsevenamidprotestsbylawyers5131012/ [Link 4]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/kathuarapemurdercasepartiescondemnprotestbylawyersncdemandsshiftingoftrial5131750/ There are thousands of rape cases every year and thousands more that are not reported. When I read the victims a minor I lose hope every time. Where the fuck is the humanity . File your GST Returns right away. Please help my college senior if you can: [deleted]. PSA Before you post a question about what do I do in life w.r.t. university or jobhopping search in the search bar first.: Its okay to be nervous and as someone who tries to answer some of these every single day these get asked about a dozen times every single day. Not all of them get replied to sadly. But there are several threads about What course should I study or Whats the future after CS that people have given good advice on. Please search before you ask. Itll help you a lot more.. AMA Announcement Mooli Star and Bobby from the Arranged Marriage for the Modern Indian Man Podcast. Date and Time Thursday 12th April 6 PM IST.: Hello /r/India This one is a bit different from the AMAs we have had. Mooli a 28year old Australian/Indian Man struggles with his parents expectations of traditional arranged marriage and works through it every week with his sister Star and best friend Bobby. Mooli the prospective groom and his sister Star grew up in a conservative South Indian family and regale Singaporeborn host Bobby with the expectations and surprises that the arranged marriage process throws up. Star and Mooli work in research in the USA and Australia. Bobby is a professional in Australia. They will join us for an AMA on Thursday. Considering the volume of conversations we see about relationships marriages etc we think this will be a fun and interesting AMA. Verification https//archive.org/details/RedditAMAVerification its an audio clip Date amp Time Thursday 12th April 6 PM IST If you want you can check out their podcast before the AMA https//arrangedmarriagepodcast.blogspot.in/ This is the announcement thread. Not the AMA thread. The AMA thread will be posted by the guests at the aforementioned date and time. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the guests. . Child Help Foundation. Haryana teen dies saving 20 students as minaret madrassa roof collapse. How many triangles When Bollywood celebs tried to solve a math puzzle. Website searches for MEGA Links.. [NP][Serious]Need to buy an Air Purifier. Which one to buy: I was thinking of MI but it seems that the filters are expensive. What are the other options. [Serious] Whats bothering you right now: Roses are red Violets are blue. Aaj khaane mai tha daal Aapka kya hai haal P . Ready Player One releases in India after hiccups. 12 pictures that will decode your past life. TIL age of consent in India was initially set at 12 yrs. It was raised to 15 in 1949 then to 16 in 1982. The latest revision in 2013 has set it to 18 yrs.:  gt In 1892 the marital rape and subsequent death of a 10yearold girl Phulmoni Dasi caused the age of consent to be raised from 10 to 12. In 1949 it was raised to 15 after agitation from women groups about the adverse effect of early pregnancy. In 1982 it was again raised to 16.[26] On 3 April 2014 the Criminal Law Amendment Act 2013 came into effect which raised the legal permissible age for sexual consent from 16 to 18. Although the Criminal Law Amendment Act 2013 initially sought to lower the age to 16 it was set at 18 due to political pressure from conservative parties. gt https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AgesofconsentinAsiaIndia gt https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Newantirapelawcomesintoforce/articleshow/19359543.cms. Innocent until proven guilty Not under these laws. WhatsApp business account cringe. Infographic Nearly 60 Indian colleges are in rural areas. [R]andia what is this new circlejerk about posting hostel pics and campus pics The last time this happened was for raising my mountain boye and it crossed the tipping point. Can we create a thread for this: I might get downvoted and get called as a cynic for saying this. But honestly a flurry of new/top posts are hostel pics or campus pics. Seriously The first post was appreciated but now it is just a circlejerk people looking for some sweet karma. If this has to continue please do so in a thread Is it against the rules to post No But the posts are not doing any quality addition or discussion to this sub.. [Serious] Im moving to the US for a short period 6 months say. What all should I take with me what all should I purchase there: [deleted]. Guidance about Engg. Entrance: [removed]. Soundproofing Window: I live near a busy intersection on the highway. Is there any way for me to soundproof my windows Im currently looking at acoustic foam but Ive no idea on how to install them or if they will work at all. . RTI reveals contradictory numbers of EVMs from Election Commission suppliers raise question mark on polls Firstpost. Discussions here on spicy political topic.. Todays New India.: Salman Khan killed a black buck he is convicted after 20 years but he got bail within 48 hours. Dr Kafeel who tried his best to save life of many kids in BRD Hospital is in Jail for last 6 months as an undertrial. Welcome to new India. . Last phone call between trapped Kashmiri militant and his father goes viral. Hizbuls Aitmad Hussain Dar an MPhil degree holder and junior research fellow broke down in tears during the conversation.. Sadhgurus 10 Tips To Sleep Well ampamp Wake Up Well. Healthy India happy India. Kerala 1.24 Lakh Students Did Not Leave Caste amp Religion Columns Blank It Was A Technical Glitch. Grad school admissions for CS: I graduated from a new NIT in 2016 with a CGPA of 6.32equivalent to 58.2. I was placed at an IT company with a package of 3.7LPA. There was a gap of 6 months before the joining date. I quit my job only after 4 months bad decision I know. Lets not delve into the reasons because thats a different topic. I wasted a year preparing mostly procrastinating for GATE 2018 which I didnt even qualify in. Other exams didnt give any fruitful results. However I almost qualified for interview at IMSc due to JEST. I got a rank of 56 from partA of the paper. They will evaluate the top 227 papers for partB. But I wont pass this. Theres another exam for Theoretical CS at CMI in May which Ill be answering. I think I might be able to clear this due to practice and my fundamentals in TCS being strong. I recently also gave GRE and IELTS intending to try abroad if I dont get anywhere in India. I got a score of 317 in GRE and band 8 in IELTS. The deadlines for admissions to US universities have passed now. What are my other options I would like to try Germany because of its free tuition. With such low undergrad scores and resume gaps amounting to total 1.5 years should I even be thinking of this route I would like to be admitted somewhere in this year itself Winter Semester 2018. I do not want to wait for 2019. . Paytm keep asking for KYC: Without KYC I cant send or receive money from anyone. is it necessary to link Aadhar card to Paytm wallet And what about supreme courts decision to stop linking Aadhar for undefined time. Fortis Medanta Cash Settlements for Patient Deaths Point to Policy Lacuna The Wire. If you feel life is just passing you by go climb a mountain Made me realize what I need to do. Salman Khan fiasco: Dont mind my rant but Salman Khan makes me sick to my stomach. The moron is an habitual offender who is directly responsible for the death of his driver who served him for donkey number of years just because HE DID NOT ACCEPT A BRIBE FROM HIM FOR ADMITTING TO CRIMES HE DID NOT COMMIT. Why should he cover up for that asshole who drove like a hooligan and ran over people on the street because he was too drunk to have any sense of the world Not to mention he casually hunted endangered species because he wanted an exotic meal on his plate for dinner that night. Even the top criminal justice lawyer stopped representing Salman Khan because his crimes are TOO heinous. People need to STOP glorifying him and realise that he would and should have gotten life imprisonment or a death sentence years ago. Are all these people from Bollywood who are supporting him and writing sympathy requests for him degenerate The judicial system in India is so so beyond repair in my opinion. Influential people will literally get away with absolutely anything. It is unsettling I know for a fact that hes going to get a bail in a week latest. Just wait and watch. I need advice on a serious issue.: I want advice on how to deal with this issue. What will be the consequences if we were to file police complain. And importantly how to help her with coping this incident. Will it be helpful to confront him on behalf of her TLDR My friends friend tried to rape her when she declined to be in relationship with him. This happened in Ahmedabad. I am male friend of hers. My friend went through a horrible incident recently. She become friend with a guy 2 years ago in her previous job. After 3 months he told her he loved her and wanted to be in a relationship but she declined him and continued being friends. He would keep bringing this request every now and then sometimes with anger and frustration and would apologize later for that and beg to continue friendship. She changed her job but he still insisted on being friends and she continued unwillingly. After a while to end this friendship she told him she is going to be engaged and they should cut their friendship.He asked her to postpone engagement and should consider him. All of this talks would start with him being angry on her and then later apologizing. She still refused. Lastly He convinced her to meet him one last time at his placethey used to hangout with group of friends at his place before. He was alone at that time. They talked and after he found out he can not convince her to be with him. He tried to rape her. He had her forcefully dragged on his bed. She screamed and managed to fight him back and ran towards door which was locked. He realized she would not give in to his demands he come to door and started saying it was unintentional and kept her there standing for 2 minutes while she was crying and threatening to scream if he did not let her go. He then opened the door let her go.. Planning on getting a Credit card need advice from my fellow Randians on the best ones available: Dear Randians Ive finally managed to reach a level of income that would require me to actually pay taxes for a change. I would like to get a credit card for personal use that will provide the best benefits possible for my usage which is primarily ordering food on Swiggy and travelling occasionally. Although I dont need a credit card many have recommended getting one so I can have a decent credit history. Dont know how far thats true but Id like to get one anyway. Any advice on the best available options or any personal recommendations will be highly appreciated.. What will happen if reservations in any form is suddenly removed [R]. Hello people i need some non fiction Book suggestions.: So Ive been an avid reader ever since my childhood but i have only really read fiction and while thats not a bad thing I really want to venture into non fiction. Im 21 and I feel like at this age I should start reading books that really help me gain knowledge and broaden my perspective. so can you let me know about some of your favourite non fiction books. Im really not into biographies but everything else is fine I have a special interest in psychology and philosophy so any suggestions on those would be great but Im open to all other topics as well. Edit since Ive been getting great responses I am also into biology and technology and evolutionary science.. Futsal Lovers in Hyderabad I want a group to play with.: Im new in the town and want to play football. Anybody know of nay Whatsapp group or friends that ay regularly. Former Bigg Boss contestant Kamaal R Khan aka KRK diagnosed with cancer issues a statement on Twitter. 6 attributes of Successful big dreamers In The World. This Guy lost his Mother in Bengaluru near Ulsoor. All info in pic.. Vodafone employs this highly unethical method for extorting money from its customers. Have you experienced this How rampant is this and do other service providers execute the same: TLDR Have been a Voda customer for over 5 years but since the past 1 year random packs get activated without any initiation from my side not even accidental yes I have checked for this and money gets deducted. Customer Service says this is because of my browser or some ads that I click when I dont. How rampant is this problem Share your thoughts and experiences if any. I have been a Vodafone customer different circles over the time for over 5 years now. But it has only been since the past 1 year maybe that I have started experiencing this unique infuriating and highly unethical way of extorting money from the customers. You will get an SMS notifying that some package has been activated as requested and X amount has been deducted in the case of prepaid or X amount has been billed if postpaid. For example this gtHello VDS DHNEWS pack is now active on your number as requested.This service is valid till 01042018 and a 3 days rental of Rs.9 has been deducted.Your current Balance post service activation is Rs.5.95.To deactivate SMS STOP to or call 155223toll free.SPECIAL Offer Now Enjoy FREE Profile tunes on CallerTunes APP click hyperurl.co/vs .Dial 1234 Toll Free for more songs. There is no prior intimation no authentication and no way to stop this. Now is the funnier and the most infuriating part. I called 198 customer complaint number to you know obviously rant at the customer executive poor guys I know but thats the only way I can show my resent. Customer Executive CE Sir do you use data Me Of course thats why most people take a connection now CE Sir these are browser related. Or if you click on some ads. They automatically get activated JUST WOW. The CEs have definitely been coached to give this bullshit answer and they dont have a reply if you argue back. Who is Vodafone trying to fool with this charade Do they really think the current tech savvy youth will buy this logic In my opinion this is borderline illegal and a highly unethical practice Systematically extorting money however small it may be. Please share your experiences if any. Im trying to contact my peers at Vodafone and trying to get to middle level managers and see if this policy has been put on effect. Also if you guys have experienced this please comment mentioning your service provider and circle. Edit1 some words. formatting. added a TLDR. Edit2 Some more info to clarify. I rarely use my phone data for browsing other than WhatsApp Instagram Reddit and Google Maps. And Im definitely aware of ads and I stay clear of them. For example this VDS DHNEWS is something that Im not even aware of. Previously I have had packs like Astrology etc. activated this has happened to me 10 times when there was no reason why they should have come. So there is no question of accidental activation. This has happened to me systematically over a long period of time.. Sugarcane arrears in India jump to 2.62 billion Trade body. Report ranks India as worst place to die among 40 countries but Kerala stands out as beacon of hope [2015]. Zebpay announces intraday trading fee of 0.1 only. [Reddiquette] How to apply for Voluntary Euthanasia: Does a person need to file a case in district court for voluntary euthanasia Or her/his psychiatrist will carry out the euthanasia process Will it be possible for someone who is not in hospital but is diagnosed by her/his psychiatrist to be having multiple mental diseases and the patient is suffering too much to survive let alone live. Excellent take on the Supreme Court judgement on SC/ST act and Dalit protests by Aryama Sundaram on Mirror Now debate: [removed]. My Uncle A Civil Servant Explained Perfectly Why We Need Reservation. Damaged Kolkata flyover may collapse any time. Manager keeps changing his mind [R]: Some background Im working in an IT company. Ive around 5 years experience. Even the last project I was assigned I was told by lead and the manager that I will be assigned to x project then after sometime y project eventually I joined z project. Now lm again seeing the same behavior. Im about to be allocated however its been the same. Am I being worried without any reason How do I have a discussion with the manager The last time I talked with him he said he is looking something for me.. Lets build the biggest Circle of Trust and get it certified by UNESCO: If you are not aware of this its a thing happening on r/circleoftrust Heres how it works you first create your own circle that can be only unlocked by a key. The key is visible to you in your circle. When you share it with someone they can either join the circle or destroy it. Same way you can ask for others keys to join or destroy a circle. It looks fun. I like. Heres a [link]https//np.reddit.com/r/OutOfTheLoop/comments/890i5c/whatistheclaimyourcirclebuttononthefront/utmsourceredditamputmmediumusertextamputmnameindiaamputmcontentt389boeu to know more If youd like to join my trust circle PM me your key and I will mine. ONLY Sapiosexuals allowed. . Brothers and Sisters of Circle of Trust ASSEMBLE. [Serious] What is the procedure for Euthanasia in view of recent SC rulings Looking for opinions from professional lawyers and psyciatrists.: Basically I wanted to know how its done procedurally. Like who decides that the patient needs passive euthanasia whether it is the doctor or does the family need to go to the district court Then how long will it take for completion And will be it be carried out if the patients family doesnt agree in case the patient is suffering mental disorders Will this come in active euthanasia as the person is not in hospital but living in house with family yet theres no chance of his recovery I assume SC will decide on active euthanasia in near future when someone knocks on its doors. What are your thoughts. HELP REQUIRED My dads bank account was hacked yesterday what are our options now: Someone had called my dad on his phone and had asked for his Aadhaar card number to link it to his bank account. Being an old retiree he didnt know about identity thefts and divulged the information. The hacker then asked for his debt card number and OTP which he received on his mobile which was disclosed as well. Shortly after that a large sum of money was withdrawn from his bank account. This happened on Apr 2 2018 around 0800AM. Since then we have blocked his debit card and have reported this incident to cyber crime unit of the police. What are our other options in recovering the amount if any and securing other such information and preventing further attacks from the hackers now that they have information about us. EDIT Thanks so much for the detailed inputs you guys. Was away from my computer most of the day hence replying now. Didnt expect these many responses. The money was taken from the account using PayTM and Tapzo which had sent OTP to my dads mobile and shared with the culprit . We have lodged a complaint with the cyber police and will speak with the bank officials tomorrow maybe. Will keep you all posted. Thanks once again.. Lets make a proper India Circle of trust more secure than AADHAR. Motherfucking Assholes burning busses vehicles and breaking into shops and beating innocent people. These people should be shot dead. Its time Mercy should be a thing of past. Kill ten and the hundreds will automatically go away.. WATCH BharatBandh over SC/ST protection act Protesters thrashed by Police personnel in Meerut video: [deleted]. My senior has gone missing while at Sea. The Shipping Company is not helpful and is acting strangely.: Hi Guys My friend has gone missing onboard MV Shahrastani an LPG vessel owned by AngloEastern Group since Mar 28 under strange circumstances. Parents have approached the External Affairs ministry but havent got any response. I kindly request you to please help us. The company is also not giving any info and is acting strange to give clear info on what happened. I have attached a corresponding article below. http//www.newindianexpress.com/states/kerala/2018/apr/02/keralitesailorgoesmissingoffmauritius1795741.html Kindly help us retweet this to the concerned authorities. https//twitter.com/muhzee7/status/980796005883944960s19. Wont name anyone as suspect says imam whose son was killed in Asansol clashes. I know of a child trafficking case who should I report to:  There is this girl of around 11 or 12 who works as a maid along with her grandmother at my sisters house. Shes a minor but still works at houses just so she can make enough money to support her family. She says that her uncle [ chacha ] will sell her if she doesnt make enough money. She says that her uncle has already sold her elder sister to someone hecause she was not making enough money. Im confused right now. I dont know which authority I should go to. I dont want to go to the police because the police in my area is absolutely corrupt. I live in kanpur and the scene here is very different. Im currently preparing for JEE and I cant afford to invest my time into all this to be frank but I do want to help this little girl. I dont have a confirmation regarding the alleged selling of the elder sister but if its true then its alarming. If you have something to share help of any sort just email me at ifcaretohelpgmail.com Ive made this account just for this case only. Thanks. Wtf is up with the user names on this sub: Am I trippin or am I seeing nana patekar on the home page And cant click the username What jumla is this . First surat meetup.. My great grandmother with her eldest son ca. 1926 India. First attempt at colorizing.. Bengal schools use contaminated water. [NP][Serious] r/india need advice on what to get for my gf on her birthday.: I am kind of out of ideas and would really appreciate a fresh perspective. Thanks a lot guys.. India has 7.5 cr obese people. YSK Cultivation consumption and possession of weed is illegal in India.. Citizens of Hyderabad which is best ISP provider in terms of speed and service: Earlier I was using Hathaway. But the net was not stable. Whats the best ISP in terms of speed NOFUP.... Asansol imam asks followers to campaign against rumours The Indian Express. Whats going on with the usernames: Why are they all changed to publicly prominent Indians and why cant we click on them Whats going on. Bengal While CBSE announces two reexams no progress in probes into state board paper leaks. Looking for popular Indian songs that are political: Randians Ive always held the impression that the Indian music scene movie or pop has always been pretty vanilla. I mean most of our music is about love family or friendship. Im looking for popular Indian music that is political Indian songs that have evolved to represent movements political phases or generations. Something like [Fortunate Son]https//www.youtube.com/watchv40JmEj0aVM [Civil War]https//www.youtube.com/watchvJWejuCskH1k [Imagine]https//www.youtube.com/watchvYkgkThdzX8 [Hurricane]https//www.youtube.com/watchv1FOlV1EYxmg [Holiday]https//www.youtube.com/watchvA1OqtIqzScI and [Winds of Change]https//www.youtube.com/watchvn4RjJKxsamQ.. Paper Leaks will continue to happen no matter what till this country stop giving its Fucking Focus to only the marks one has scored rather than focusing on the overall development of the child.. Mumbai Muslim men mobilise women for mass rally against triple talaq Bill. Thousands of women expected to converge at Azad Maidan today as men cite danger to religion.. 2 ExCJIs CJI ExCJ found no merit in charges against Krishna Bhat. Indian green building market to double by 2022 to 10 bn sq ft. GOD fucking damnit THEY cancelled the fucking maths retest: BHENCHOD I AM GOING TO KILL MYSELF I FEEL SUICIDAL FUck. Kerala hospital horror video goes viral culprit staff suspended govt orders probe. A musical tribute to the Government and people of India 2018. [NP] A rant by a member of the weaker sex: I dont know if Randia doesnt care about this because its yet another rape case or because its not North India. I saw someone post about it. It got a few upvotes while another post about a false rape case got 7x more. I remember when I was in Class 5. I was 11. This is the first time I am typing it out to anyone except my sister. It was not fullblown rape but I do know that I went home and cried the day I realised what it actually was. I used to get my hair cut at a reputed salon. A man who must have been thrice my age shoved his hands down my tshirt and groped me every time I went there. He must have done more but it is mostly a blur except how I felt. Violated is the word. I was an innocent kid but something felt wrong. I just stopped going there. I would be angry at my mom for no reason when she mentioned the salon. Once or twice she forcibly took me to another salon. I actually fainted and my mom thought I had a phobia of scissors. I am 19 now and I cut my own hair. Yes fake rape allegations ruin lives but molestation is psychologically painful. Also fake rape allegations doesnt happen to kids. Rape does and thats the sad bitter truth. Indians are more interested in protecting the dignity of their country India has absolutely no problem of rape Rape doesnt exist in Hindu culture only Porkistanis do it etc. Then comes the people who call me a Feminazi whenever I talk about rape. They will bring up metro reservation and alimony. Or when its rape Men get raped TOO. Thats where the problem lies. Women can rape and men can get raped. Doesnt mean the problem of female rape is less valid. I am ending my post here. I know it will probably go unnoticed but I just cant stand it anymore. The non chalance of it all.. Error in records on NonCaste region students list [xpost r/Kerala]. Ive been getting a lot of requests from Indian journalists so here are some of SCLs past projects in India. To the most frequently asked question yes SCL/CA works in India and has offices there. This is what modern colonialism looks like.: https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DZXUL4DW0AAZGOS.jpg https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DZXUJiEWkAEAZXq.jpg https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DZXULBXcAAWyXB.jpg That guy has finally shared info about data mining done in india. https//twitter.com/chrisinsilico other article claims SCLs client was an indian party https//www.livemint.com/Politics/NUcyEwnY9btddSZe0Ujq1K/CambridgeAnalyticaworkedwithCongressinIndiaUKwhistl.html. Laffaire ICICI Bank Board ducks key questions on Chanda Kochhar Videocon ties: [deleted]. Prof Rajmohan Gandhi Partition of India Debate Proposition 3/6. [Reddiquette] Stop honking Indians : I dont understand whywe Indians love honking for example I have seen a guy honking at 11 pm at night on a empty road on top of that his Royal Enfield bike had its exhaust blown off. Government of India should do something about the honking issue man this is lot of noise pollution.. Can we have a career guidance thread on randia : On yesterdays post we discovered there are so many 10th and 12th class students on Reddit so if Redditors who are working or studying in higher education fields could answer career related queries of those students then it would be highly beneficial for them because in India there is a serious dearth of proper guidance for career related queries.. Hey /r/india I need some life career advice please.: Saars I turn 22 this year and real life seems to be hitting me full force. I hope that you can give me some advice. Academic Background 3 months away from completing B.Tech. in Computer Science from a TierII college. Average marks absolute is around 73 Internship 1 Created a lab automation system for a reputed college. Essentially this removed the need for students to maintain physical lab notebooks Internship 2 Part of team which created an ecommerce app for a random robotics startup. Projects Created a system for recommending entities based on a Twitter profile. Submitted but not yet published a paper on the topic to a Tier2 journal. Strong interest in Machine Learning \ Data Analytics. But mainly self taught. I work well with Python SciPy Scikit Gave GATE this year for M. Tech admissions with rank around 2000 not good enough no reservation Family Background Upper middle class family Extremely smothering and orthodox parents who seem to care about nothing more than their money and how to recoup their investment in me. With that done heres the options I see before me in decreasing order of preference Do MS abroad but how to finance Give GATE again next year and do M.Tech here. worth it Join a product based company how Join the campus placement job I got Infosys 3.5 LPA Since /r/india has people from such a wide variety of backgrounds maybe someone can help I kind of clutching at straws here Thanks. Discussion regarding CBSE Papers Leak [R]: Okay so Im a class 10 student happy after giving his last board exam of Maths well theres Sanskrut left but who cares turn on the TV and come to know that the Math paper is going to be reconducted due to a leak. https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/home/education/news/cbsetoreconductclass12economicsandclass10mathspapers/articleshow/63511245.cms This is fucking idiotic. These are the papers students believe are leaked Class X Maths SST Class XII Bio Accounts Economics Maths. In my opinion if the Central Board cant even keep one paper a secret until the exam date let alone five they should fucking abandon standardized testing as it was an already horrible idea. Bring back the CCE it may not have been perfect but it was an improvement. Just because of a mistake on the officials behalf fucking lakhs of students are having to suffer. This is horrendous shameful insane and entirely illogical. Sidenote here I have linked two strawpolls here one for the reexams and one regarding abolition of boards. Feel free to vote. https//www.strawpoll.me/15379282 Abolition of Boards www.strawpoll.me/15379292 Retests. Guys I am planning to appear for the NABARD exam. Has anyone taken this exam earlier and can help me out with some questions. Indian Life Hacks Discussion: Hi lets discuss some cool life hacks to make life easier in India Ill start. Use Air India economy flight if you are traveling with lot of luggage. Luggage limit is 25KG as opposed to 15KG of private operators. . Opposition move to remove Chief Justice How and when can a judge be removed. Hindus are less likely to use a toilet than Muslims in India. [SERIOUS]Anand Mahindra will seed fund a new social media startup.: [Anand Mahindra]https//www.thequint.com/news/hotnews/anandmahindramaysetupnewsocialmediaplatform Hello /r/india. What are you waiting for Let ideas come here. May be something can emerge. Got any domain names. Impeachment motion against CJI Opposition begins collecting signatures of MPs The Economic Times. Changing my career from IT to Core Electronics. Advice.: Okay a bit of background. Graduated from a good private college. Btech in Electronics and Communication Engineering. Sat for college placements. Made a mistake of not being seriousplus had other plans that totally flopped and sat only for those mass IT placements. Got into IT. Been 1.5 years being here. Not much of work pressure. But huge amounts of brain drain.Luckily got a good team but offlate the better mates are leaving the team . In a nutshell terrible terrible job. Promotion cycle approaching and my manager was not open to me about his expectations and his review of my performance. Im regretting this fucking job. Anyways long story cut short. I want to go back into a core electronics Job. I had done some research work back in college and did a poster presentation in a conference at an IIT. So fellow redditors how do I transition into a core profile What is the Industry technology/Job/Hiring scene in India I was looking forward to moving to Pune so would prefer a job there. But Im open to other places too. But whats important is how do I plan my transition Help/ Advice is very much appreciated.. Save my Uncles life Help him get Liver Transplant: Just a desperate attempt apologies if this is not allowed here I hail from a big family...or hailed...where my father is was one of 7 siblings. I had 5 uncles and one aunt while growing up. They all pampered me and cared for me. I have few of the fondest memories when my chacha paternal uncle will fulfill my wishes take my side and be my friend. It was fun to grow up as the only kid at the time and everybody there to spoil you Now.. as I am writing this my family has suffered one loss after other. My three uncles have perished to different ailments including Liver Cirrhosis at ages not more than 50 for any of them. After further investigation I found out that even my Grand mother died of liver cirrhosis and that there is a higher genetic predisposition to get liver ailments in my family. My eldest uncles alcohol intake didnot help this and recently 2 years ago he was was diagnosed with Liver Cirrhosis and was suggested to undergo a transplant as the only viable option. He is a middle class man with an OK job and the sole provider for his housewife and son. As much as I dont want to lose another of my family member the cost of transplant are huge for my family. They have been deferring the transplant due to lack of funds. All of it hasnt helped his situation and his latest condition with swelling ongoing blood transfusions unconsciousness episodes makes my worst my fears imminent. I am hereby trying to explore my options of helping him any which way possible. He is getting seen at ILBS New Delhi and is being told that the estimate of surgery and other costs should be around 25 lakhs INR. Hereby I look forward to all of you to help save my uncle. Please contribute as much as you can to help him get this transplant. Donation link at https//milaap.org/fundraisers/helpmychacha. BEST TH 8 DRAGON ATTACK FOR ANTI DRAGON BASE ASD GAME ZONE. Congress party initiates impeachment process against CJI Dipak Misra. HDFC Bank Removes AntiHomeless Spikes Put Up At Mumbai Branch: [deleted]. [R] Class 5 girl gangraped in Assam: [removed]. AMA Announcement White Swan Foundation a notforprofit organization that offers knowledge services in the area of mental health. Date amp Time March 28 Wednesday 430 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We will be hosting members of the White Swan Foundation in an AMA. We believe this is a good opportunity to have an open discussion on issues related to mental health. Please find the details below. About the White Swan Foundation gt White Swan Foundation for Mental Health is a notforprofit organization that offers knowledge services in the area of mental health. We aim to provide patients caregivers and others with wellresearched content that will help them make informed decisions on how to deal with mental health issues. The White Swan Foundation team will collaborate with likeminded individuals and organizations across the world to bring to you the bestinclass knowledge on mental health. You can read more about them here http//www.whiteswanfoundation.org/ Verification https//twitter.com/mentalhealthind/status/976355748904017920 Date amp Time March 28 Wednesday 430 PM IST This is not the AMA thread. The AMA thread will be posted by our guests at the aforementioned date and time. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the AMA guests.. Strawberry Body Paint Sex Toys for Couples in India. StrapOn Delight StrapOn Dildo amp Harness Sex Toys for Couples in India. Aadhaar Is Indias biometric ID scheme hurting the poor. The Hindu and The Musalman A Tale of Two Newspapers as a Tale of Two Cities and Two Peoples. Pano at Marine Drive Mumbai.. Unpopula[R] opinion thread.: speak up you mind. lets hear you out.. MMW Bollywood would make a song named Yaari Yaari a shitty remake of the song Aari Aari by Bombay Rockers.: Precisely a remake of this https//youtu.be/xeHEn9qr4U. Has anyone ever been in a situation like me. Extremely stressed out please help me.: Hello randians. Please bear with me as this will be a really long post.About me Im a guy in his mid 20s. Currently going through extreme stress at this point of time probably the hardest time which i have never faced in my life. Since childhood I have been brought up by my parents in a protective way and was a pampered one. I always found it difficult to mingle with my classmates right from school didnt affect me much then. But my confidence took a real beating during 11th and 12th me being a silent guy was unfortunately a part of class which consisted of bullies and jerks. I was bullied a lot during those two years for being different for being silent for not talking much for not cracking jokes for not being a fun company and was made fun of whenever i came up with rebuttal and reply. The worst part was I had to be with them from morning till evening as we went to same tution and college. Even i had to bear them in bus public transport. Now that i look back at it i think now to myself maybe they didnt realize how much it is wrong to bully and calling out names to someone. Maybe its their age and I have forgiven them completely now. Same thing continued during my engineering as well though i wasnt bullied. But I didnt make many friends during this phase because I didnt open up much and shied away from doing some stuff fearing what others would think. Neither did i study i simply frittered away all time at my disposal in leisure activities. Somehow I cleared aptitude and got into a service based company during campus placement. Worked in an IT company for close to 2 years and quit it to take care of my dad who needs operation to his leg. He is currently 66 years old and of late suffering from dementia hearing loss nerve problem which makes him a lot dependant on my mom for daily activities. Today he told me that he is completely blind in one eye right one which completely shattered me and probably will make me more serious about life in general.Its a gluacoma he initially ignored it as cataract. Worried whether it will affect his other eye too. He told me a few days to get along well with relatives and mingle with all. Its difficult to suddenly make friends with someone who you barely used to speak but guess what i need to do it to prove myself dad and my mom. But I dont wanna live with regret and wanna be there for my dad when he needs me the most.But Im just a lot scared about life now did I commit a blunder by leaving my job. Planning to take up govt and bank exams as it seems to be the only option and I have some time to spare now. Im not naturally a positive thinking person all this problems seem insurmountable to me. I cannot run away from problems like before and its difficult with not having enough friends and relatives who are not on good terms.How do i keep a jovial face in front of mom and sister and friends/relatives when I meet them because Im really worried about him and cant see him going through all the pain. I have always received or seen some good advicecomments regarding career relationships on r/india. Would be nice to hear how someone who has been in similar situation handled family stress.. stayed sane and continued to focus on his studies/work. Kindly bear with my poor english. Thank you. Liberal really A liberal critique of religious orthodoxy cannot offer bad stereotypes to bolster its argument.. Thousands Protest In Tamil Nadus Tuticorin Against Sterlite Copper Plant. [Serious] Lost my job. Need career suggestions: Hi /r/India Some backstory I had made a post about 5 months ago on career suggestions. I got a good amount of feedback for the post for which i cant thank you all enough. Since I was working as QA testerOnly manual testing one of the things suggested was to pick up automation skills. For this i decided to automate few common tasks we need during our testing using Powershell and showcased the work to my manager which led them to decide to give us informal training to learn API automation using C. However due to funding woes my entire division was closed and I have about a months time of notice period. I would like to learn more about test automation to bridge the knowledge gap so that I can start applying to test automation jobs. Please find my queries below 1. Resource suggestions to learn more about API automation and web automationthink Selenium with C or Java. 2. Since every other job posting says at least 2 years of work experience please suggest ways to learn more about test automation so that i wont feel like an impostor. 3. Any general advice on how to learn and what areas to focus on could be extremely helpful. Thanks guys. what are some good ways to fight depression no medicines pls. Ram navami . I am walking in air. Friends from different castes need court marriage ASAP.: As usual the parents arent okay with it. They are both earning and they want to get married soon. We have witnesses and safe spaces for them to be at after the wedding. We looked up info and all says that we need to wait for a month and marriage photos are needed etc. They absolutely do not want a temple marriage and a certificate. Any other options We are all really confused and would like a hassle free way to go about this. Any legal advice would be welcome Also we know that parents are imp etc. But this has to be done. . Women in tech How this Mumbai coder is bringing more women into Indias tech scene. Discrimination in the urban Indian workplace: so I come from a middle class OBC family and my father keeps talking to me about community representation and stuff he might have faced discrimination in his time coming from a rural background. I personally have never seen it in the workplace is it too naive of me believe that at least in the urban workplace castisim is nonexistent have you seen or experienced any caste based discrimination or hatred or bad vibes in general in the workplace especially P.S I work in the IT sector. Company wants me to switch from development and work in Dubai as a technical consultant. Should I take it: I have been only working for 6 months as a fresher. Ive browsed the web a bit and have gotten the impression that work and the scope is limited for tech consultant. But the work is in Dubai. Is it worth to switch I dont have faith in me to score big as a dev. Im wee bit old having lost several college years in depression and feel Im slower than the 22 y/o freshers who can easily grasp things. Me having Electronics major also doesnt help. I think I might aim for mba to speed things up. Would a technical consultant work experience hold relevant value compared to a development one . [np] we need your support rindia:  In recent years crime against doctors have increased not only in this country but all over the globe. Doctors are facing aggression threats abuses amp they are loosing time and their lives while saving others. Yesterday an incident occurred in DR. D. Y. PATIL MEDICAL COLLGE PIMPRI PUNE where a patient who was a known case of Cardiopulmonary illness died in the ICU due to sudden Cardiac Arrest. The team of on call doctors tried their best efforts to revive the patient but in vain. Later patients relatives badly hit the doctors broke hospital property and endangered the life of other icu pts too.. The female relatives defamed the doctors gave statement in newspaper that male doctors misbehaved with them whereas on the contrary the female doctors amp sisters were abused by them and their lives were put in danger instead. The residents even got threat calls from local goons and political people in the presence of police at the scene of assault.. They threatened to defame us with charges of atrocities medical negligence and what not. All the Residents and undergraduates called a strike for half day and then later we all resumed our respective jobs.. But we are still unheard on higher level.. The management did give their statements to add to the FIR as supplements but they showed helplessness to a great extent regarding other issues of our security and exposure to patients amp their relatives.. We want safe environment for us to work or else one day doctors will be jst a minority because people will stop sending their children in this profession if the public we are treating itself become our enemies.. Edit 1Some sources https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/pune/relativesassaultdoctorafterdeathofpatient/articleshow/63447556.cms https//punemirror.indiatimes.com/pune/crime/deceasedpatientskinattackdoctorsatdypatilmedicalcollege/articleshow/63447514.cms http//indianexpress.com/article/cities/pune/mobpunehospitalthrashesdoctorspatientsdeath5110462/. ELI5 Why is Vidya Vox so popular Her YouTube videos are overflowing with painful autotune.: Sample https//www.youtube.com/watchvi0OVzsMhT2I. Top woman officer asked to pay Rs 10 lakh for filing false molestation case [2017]. Isnt is mind blowing Look at these gentle giants . Break the mould end the siege. Why this liberal Muslim refuses to be patronised by the liberal Hindu. Number of crorepati executives in India Inc rises threefold in 2 years. Cheap AV [R]eceiver: I need to buy an AV receiver to start my home theater setup. But the likes of Denon Yamaha are ridiculously expensive in India 30k at least. What options are there for cheaper I see some no name Chinese products in Aliexpress for lt 10k. Any suggestions. Nostrils Harmony with the Universe and Ancient Sanskrit Theater Crash Course Theater 7. How a Nawab humiliated his proud Begum on Nauroz in Rampur. Trying so hard to shame Winners.. Help me choose my elective: [removed]. Has anyone here complained to [R]BI before: I have been mailing to SBI about an isaue since more than a month and it feels lile i am having a monologue. Can i complain to RBI about this do i complain here https//secweb.rbi.org.in/BO/precompltindex.htm . 55yrold lawyers bail denied for marrying raping 15yrold girl. Victims grandparents allegedly forced her into marrying the accused who promised to transfer 6acre plot in victims name he has a daughter aged 15.. Public Shaming and the Malicious Role Played by Telugu TV Channels The Wire. With just 3 of Indias buildings accessible our disabled are at a huge disadvantage. Hey r/India. Student here living with parents who are in denial wrt any mental illness. Any inputs are welcome.: I wont take much of your time will keep it short student 21yo BMI 30 living with parents college is in the same city weight gain since 15yo uncontrollable tried to fix myself with the gym but I would fall sick within three months started bingeing food around 2014 discovered the wonders of laxatives around 2015 and the purge began not proud of it now really I can walk/ run 5kms takes me about an hour cycling every alternate day 1hr mentally emotionally wasted drained fucked up pedo shit in family parent had affair then other relatives intervened and everyone assumed that i will be okay with it i am seeing a shrink at my college thank fuck its free and she wants my parents to be involved rn as im talking about a lot of childhood abuse. i dont want her anywhere near them cause i know they will blame her and say that she is making shit up and corrupting me parents have ALWAYS been in denial wrt mental illness even though we have a history of suicide people running away in the family im doing my best to stay fit physically but goddamn 4 years and i am full of shit now I get heartburns 34 times a week shit is scary as fuck at times its so bad that i have to lay down or get on my knees and calm the fuck down terrific stomach ache both upper and lower periods ki ma bhen ek ho chuki hai since the heart burns I have stopped bingeing but I just drink a lot of water and dont eat anything after breakfast. I literally flush the food down the toilet sometimes and when i do that i genuinely dont understand who i am but fuck that food all family members always always talk about my weight at any gathering for parents its the first thing in the morning and last before going to bed feeling shit intensifies now im at a point where i have to drain myself physically and cut weight to prove parents that only exercise can heal everything found out about bulimia recently i see a lot the shit i have been doing to myself now feeling shit intensifies even more i want to lead a healthy life for myself i will stop seeing the shrink else she will report my profs and shit will get messy i want to help myself i know i can be a better happy person killing myself was never on my mind will never be but its been four years and my parents and relatives only talk about my weight and i hate eating anything at all . Make learning much more fun for your children with LaughGuru: [deleted]. Adapting Ramayana in Bollywood. LPT for Men/Boys or maybe Female.: Use a dusting powder under your pants to get rid of sweat and itch. Dont use a normal talc. I am using [Cloclip Powder by Cipla]https//www.1mg.com/drugs/clocipdustingpowder204487 which is easily available near your drugstore or you can ask for antifungal powder at drugstore. Note I am not a doctor or medical practitioner so use it at your own risk if any. . when sun sleeps Short movie Memory Diary. [ask] [serious] Which Indian product is bestinclass in its category worldwide. [R] I Was Assaulted And Threatened By An Amazon PickUp Employee For Giving Negative Feedback. [PSA] With so many new internet users and Digital India we need Cyber Security classes and Basics of Internet for all.: With the increase of internet penetration and Jio hype a lot of scam sites are coming online. Have seen over 50 such sites in last 1 month and reported them to their registrar and google but there seem to be no end to these. What we need is to promote cyber awareness and teach basic of internet for everyone else lots of people are going to get scammed by these conman and in the end people will either stop using Internet or try and cut of everything digital due to increasing scams. https//imgur.com/a/VwrkN. Maa Baglamukhi Jayanti is celebrated on Vaishakh Shukla Ashtami according to the Hindu calendar. So this year it would be celebrated on 23rd April 2018.. Bengalurus Water Crisis. Hyderabad ranked best city to live in India for fourth year in a row. Lingerie Set Playful VNeck Babydoll Pink/Black Playful and flirty stylish babydoll dress. Buy best branded Condoms Online in India. A Rant on the Disdainfully Hauty Hiring Culture in Todays Companies: This rant is an afterthought to the lack of ethics and a surfeit of delusional grandeur I have encountered while interviewing with a few Startups. This post is not generalizing the Startup community but is my personal experience with a few of them. Having worked in one of the largest internet companies in India and transitioning later to handle operations for a Startup I am not oblivious to how Startups function but what bemuses me is the superflous overbearance some of the newer companies exhibit today. Id be lying if I say I am not amused by the lot of them. One such case happened couple of days back where one prominent budget hotel line OYO had scheduled a video interview for a time in the evening. The fine gentleman who was to interview me Mr. Ramanpreet had sent me the invite two days prior. I have always been taught to value my time as well as others and I as a courtesy and a gentle reminder sent him a mail half an hour prior asking/confirming the time slot mailed because I wasnt provided any other contact details. What was exasperating was that the person thought it is okay to call half an hour later from the scheduled time and have me come online without any remorseful explanation for his delay. So this gentleman who happens to be in a senior ops role has me log in again. When you are in a such a role you expect a certain level of ethics punctuality being the fundamental and when you are in such a role you represent the company and the culture. I assume my annoyance could be sensed but I quickly let it go once we started chatting. He spoke about himself asked about my profile I seemed to have hurt his ego with my confidence because the questions went from neutral to straight dodgy/cocky. I am not sure what his intentions were with the theatrics he pulled after like yawning on screen getting up and chatting up someone without excusing etc. He had me solve a scenario based case to which he seemed to throw his weight around like it was expected of me to know when I have no experience in the hotel industry. However I handled it as tactfully as possible even with him cutting me off in between and his snide remarks. There were instances were I retorted with sarcasm after I realized I probably shouldnt let this conceited prick the pleasure of pressing me down just because he is the interviewer. Finally at the end of the interview he had to tell me that the location for which I have applied has closed yesterday and they probably have openings else where. OYO has definitely hit the jackpot with this talented Mr. Ramanpreet. They say keep your friends close and your enemies closer. Next in line is an EdTech Startup called UpGrad. If these guys were in a race to eliminate competition in unprofessionalism they would win by a landslide. 4 rounds of interview including 1 round of written and not one person from their HR had the decency or the courtesy to inform on the decision even after following up. Had it been just a meeting it wouldnt be so bothersome but when you feel you are almost there it is not just unethical but condescending to the candidate to leave them hanging. A simple Yes or No would have sufficed but shame ethics werent their forte either. Most of us would choose to put up with this and it is understandable to a point due to circumstances and lack of opportunities but it is essential to realize your value and know and establish the line of acceptability wherever you work. To the Mr. Ramanpreets running Startups where are you guys going with this demeanour Where are you headed with this inflated sense of pride and dearth of moral. Calling out folks who have moved to Australia for masters/work for help [R]: I recently applied to unis in Australia for Master of Data Science course. I got admits from all the unis and to my surprise I got the admit with scholarship from my preferred uni. The course starts in early July and if Im to accept the admit I need to start making preparations for it now. Im a working professional and have close to 3 years of experience in the analytics/data science field. Problem is now that its time to take a final decision Im starting to develop cold feet. I get its the general leaving your comfort zone to do something entirely new causing the doubts in my mind but the opportunity is too good to turn down. Now if folks from here who are in Australia or have been to Australia for MS/work can share their experiences in terms of culture job market lifestyle difficulties faced etc. it would be really helpful. Please upvote for visibility.. Unidentified body found at Colachel suspected to be of missing foreign woman. Twitter launches initiative for blood donation in India. Thieves target Delhi Metro Magenta Line steal power cables worth 2 crore. I have seen this before.. You have nice boobs Prof Atul Johri told JNU student according to FIR. AMA Announcement Arathy one of the women who went topless on social media to protest against misogynistic remark from an educator in Kerala. He had said Girls dont cover chests with Hijab but display them like melon. Date amp Time Tonight 21 March 7 PM IST: Greetings /r/India By now most of you have seen this retardation https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/85isvu/npgirlsdontcoverchestswithhijabbutdisplay/ Obviously this has made a lot of people angry including these women from Kerala who posted their topless photos on social media to protest against this retard and his retarded world view. Relevant Reddit thread https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/85qckb/keralawomenlaunchbarechestcampaignon/ In that thread /u/puppuli had mentioned that he can arrange an AMA with one of these women and a lot of you have shown interest. So here we are. AMA at 7 PM IST tonight. Verification https//i.imgur.com/pi84mJl.png This is announcement only the actual AMA thread will be posted by the guest at the aforementioned time. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the AMA guest. . Muslim Brothers and Sisters Id like to ask a serious question. What are your thoughts on Female Genital Mutilation: Id always held the belief that the Muslim population in India is far more progressive than in any other country. Turns out I was grossly mistaken. Stories of Female Genital Mutilation FGM performed on Muslim women from Somalia Pakistan and Libya were published across newspapers and magazines in the UK. Because Id never heard of such a thing in India I thought its not a common practice. This was until I met someone who told its very much common and even though she doesnt want her daughter to go through the same the man she is going to marry wants this to be done. I want to spark an online conversation around this topic spread awareness and if possible Id like to do something so the future generation of bright women dont have to go through the same horrific practice. Before that Id like to hear your views. Spread the love xx . Which bank would you recommend for student loan if I have collateral: Hello Reddit India which bank in your opinion is the best for borrowing money to go to a foreign university We have collateral. What are some of the mistakes you made when getting a student loan What do you wish you knew before getting the loan What would you do differently if you knew what you know now Thank you all in advance.. The man who played with fire. Shot from Kerala temple festival. [OC]. She is missing since last week Came to India Kerala to treat depression Please pass it around. [NP]. If anyone wants to share OneDrive Subscription with me reply.: Mods Delete if it breaks the rule but I am not spamming. I will be renewing Microsofts OneDrive subscription this Sunday. Its annual sub of 4000rs for one year shared between 5 accounts 800rs per person for 1 year. You get 1TB personal cloud space AND Office 365. 2 of my friends dont want to renew that left just 3 so can share it with 2 more people. Reply/DM if interested. https//onedrive.live.com/about/enIN/plans/. [R]Can I really earn money donating my semen Has anyone here tried it: Please share your experience. Please No jokes. I will report you immediately.. Bithit Coin. Anyone here feels that the Indian gaming community is toxic as fuck in general: Take dota 2 or CSGO for example. There is a marked difference in the experience between Indian servers and other Asian Filipinos are more or less like us though or European servers. It seems like most of them play for fun and are generally polite while Indians just seem frustrated all the time and flame each other. Its such a turn off hearing someone go behenchod madarchod on the voice chat even if its directed against someone else. Ive been to LAN cafes and witnessed people fighting each other physically a couple of times. European servers dont really have this level of bitterness or swearing. They limit communication to only when necessary. If not for the high ping Id just stick to those servers Im curious as to the reason why Indians stand out this way. Is it just how most young Indians are or is it that gaming in India attracts a different demographic who would most likely do this. Ive been gaming on Lan/multiplayer for more than a decade less and less each year because it seems more immature and offputting the older I get and looks like nothing has changed.. Family appeals for Finnish woman Tiina Jauhiainen confirmed missing from same yacht as Sheikha Latifa amp Herv Jaubert. Familys urgent appeal for help and statement.. Awaz AJL announces editorial leadership team of National Herald Navjivan and Qaumi Awaz. [Serious][np]Want to buy a new phone what do I do with my old one: Edit You guys have convinced me to just keep it as a back up. Thats what Ill do. Im thinking of buying the Lenovo K8 Plus. What do you guys think And thanks Original Post Have a Redmi2 Prime. Its giving me some small problems and its also 2 years old. Thinking of buying a new one. What do I do with this one tho Its still working fine. The online exchange offers barely give me 1.5k. What do I do. Students block rail tracks in Mumbai commuters hit hard. The reality of driving for Ola and Uber in India debt slashed pay multiple jobs [NP][r]. I am 20 1967 Films Division documentary 20 year olds born in 1947 talk about what India means to them [NP]. [NP] [Serious] Where do I escalate complaints for nongarbage removal: [deleted]. [R]How do you ask a girl out that you only text: Alright so first of all Im from a nonmetro in South India so the dating dynamics are way different. For years people here have just professed their love instead of asking a girl out. I thought that was stupid but thats how everyone around me seems to have landed a girlfriend. Ergo Im single. Let me tell you about the situation first Both of us are in the final year of Engineering. I texted her at the end of our third year and she is pretty fun to talk to. She doesnt initiate chats that often but she does. I really like her but over 95 of our conversations have been over texts. The rest have been fleeting hallway conversations and hi and bye. This is because we arent in the same class we have no mutual friends and now in our final semester I hardly get to see anyone except my project mates on a regular basis. Our texts arent flirty. I havent told her stuff like Youre beautiful you know You look really cute doing that and stuff like that because a IMHO its creepy to do that only over text and b I didnt want to give it away that blatantly that Im only interested in letting her know I like her. I really want to get to know her better and she does open up a fair bit over text. Shes quite extroverted has a lot of friends while Im an introvert and keep my circle quite tight knit. She lives on campus. Im a day scholar. She seems interested in me but she also doesnt. Ive done my best to not come across as overbearing but I have initiated texts way more than her. We live in different cities. I want to let this girl know that I like her. If she responds positively I really would only like to get to know her better and will not start naming our future children. If she didnt feel that way for me or if she isnt interested Ill be disappointed but Ill have to move on. I know r/India isnt probably the best place to ask for advice but I have to try havent I. Worst case youll downvote me to hell but this is a throwaway. Help me redditors of r/India and please dont laugh at me.. [Serious] Fuck the Indian Society and Education System: For context I come from an uppermiddleclass family in a tier 2 city not Delhi Mumbai Bangalore Chennai. I had access to a really good education. Everyone in my immediate surroundings family and school friends was very progressive at least relative to most of the country. I am going to hide some details to keep my privacy. Indian society sets a very low threshold on your personal development. For your sake get out of it as soon as you can. Until eleventh grade I never really noticed anything wrong with the society after which my bubble was burst. I consider myself to be extremely privileged and a product of excellent upbringing. Ive been at the top of my class at a very good school since I was very young participating in multiple sports and extracurricular activities because I chose to not because I was forced to. Everything was perfect. I was interested in studying computer science and like most other top students I decided to aim for an IIT. My first problem in order to study computer science the only things that matter are my physics chemistry and math scores all determined on one single day of my entire life. wtf But thats okay. I tell myself thats the way to go. I start studying at IIT coaching classes. At these classes I get exposed to a completely different set of people that I had never interacted with before. These classes had an entrance test so I end up getting placed next to other students who did well on the test. 7 out of the ten people sitting in my row that day are now at IITs. After the first 10 minutes of sitting with this guy next to me who is from arguably the best school in the city he asks me if I know white girl who studies in my school. Lets call her Sarah. I say Yes Sarahs a really good friend of mine The response Yaar woh kitni hot hai Uska number dila de brooo. Taken aback I try to avoid the conversation at least until the end of class when he calls two of his friends now at Bits Pilani and IIT Bombay and tells them that Ye uss gori ka friend hai. The two also ask me for her number while one of them opens up her Facebook profile and starts stalking her. I was creeped out and tried to forget about it. A few days later I run into 2 friends at a party who were then studying at good school in California and good school in Georgia. They tell me about their experiences. And all I can think of is What am I doing studying with those creeps in a classroom of 250 students where the people at the back cant even see the professors face prompting him to display his face on a projector I decided to look into the process of applying to the states and over the course of the next year took all the recommended tests. But of course my parents werent just going to let me stop preparing for IIT after all its their dream and should be mine too. Over the course of this one year multiple people at my IIT classes have asked me if Im preparing for US admissions because I feel like Im not good enough to get into an IIT. I must mention that not everyone I met at these tuitions was a creep. In fact there were some other really nice people. However the more I talked to them the more I realized one thing all they talk about is studying and how much syllabus were left with. Its like theyve never done anything else in their life. That just makes me sad. Most of the people who make it into these top schools are severely one dimensional not because theyre not talented but because society has shaped them to be this machine that spits out answers to an unreasonably hard test. The US application process is long and tedious. I applied to 30 schools The average student applies to 1015 because I couldnt take any chances. Come decision day I get into multiple Ivy League schools and other toptier schools with significant financial aid having to pay 40k instead of 280k for 4 years I still went and took the IIT exam because why not. By May 1 I pick the college Im going to attend. Fast forward a few days I find out that I have a rank good enough to get me into IIT Bombay CS. Here comes the tough choice. Do I study at a school where the student body is dominated by onedimensional students and creeps or at an internationally known university with an extremely diverse and all rounded student body To the shock of most of my peers I chose to study at an Ivy League university with only 4 other Indians in my year. And I cannot put into words how thankful I am for running into those 2 friends at a party. Life here is so different and in my opinion different in a great way. I get the ultimate freedom to do anything. The amount of resources available here is mindboggling. I have super interesting conversations with people from all around the world each of them being so unique. I personally am thriving really well in such an environment. Im doing really well in class learning so much outside of class and partying thrice a week. I cant imagine being able to grow so much as an individual at an IIT the best place to study CS in India. I believe that my potential wouldve been limited by the opportunities offered at an IIT. I have multiple friends there. I see their Instagram and Facebook posts and the difference is highlighted every time. I dont know how to fix this. But I do know one thing if I hadnt gone to the school I did or been born in a less privileged family Indian society wouldve probably moulded me in a onedimensional robot. Do yourself a favour move out of the shithole as soon as you can. Maybe once youve developed as an individual come back and try to fix the problems with society but dont hamper your own development by staying in this country. . [Serious]Finance Bill 2018 by Dhruv Rathee Foreign Funding Legalized. Best Interior Designers In India. Air India cancelled my flight. What are my options now should I ask for an extra refund since they are changing my date of travel [Serious]: I had booked Air India for my journey. Just got a mail that they have cancelled the flight. I will be travelling from ABC city to BOM on 28th March. I contacted them on their helpline 18001801407 they are OK to give me tickets for same flight on 27th March or 30th March and they dont have any other options. The booking was done before 2.5 months of original journey. Also I will be travelling from BOM to ABC city on 24th March the cancelled flight is on 28th March ABC to BOM. Since Air India has cancelled the flight I will have to move the dates of my journey. I will have to cancel my train from BOM to ABC on 24th pay cancellation charges and again buy it for 23rd March tickets are now expensive as hell. So in short I will be paying a lot of amount because Air India cancelled my flight. When I called their helpline the person was rude did not help. They do not have any seniors/managers if you want to escalate. So Randians need your help what are my options. YouTube India Fanfest 2018 Bhuvan BhamVoice of RituAksh BaghlaTechnical Guruji performing. Access To Legal Aid In India An Unfulfilled Promise . Conversations between Indira Gandhi and Rakesh Sharma 1984. [R]Has the nature of the Indian cricket fan changed: I remember when Sachin got out half of the people huddled around the chunky CRT television would get up and leave. We dont have a Sachin any more. And I hear less and less of cricket related violence. Whats changed Has the popularity of cricket reduced Does the new team have a more balanced skill level Have Indians changed Hit me.. How do you find lesbians in India: I know this sub will probably be no help but I really am desperate for any help rn. I am a woman trying to find women to date. Yes I have tried the dating websites okc and Tinder. Do you guys know any forums or stuff or maybe gay bars is that a thing for wlw. Chaitra Navratri Hindu New Year. Graphic Novel The Dalai Lamas Escape to India. Found some old Indian coins some of them are really cool: So I just found my old money bank and it had some really cool coins. I dont remember correctly but I think that my grandparents gave me these coins when I was kid. [Link]https//imgur.com/a/f7YNX. Farmer suicide rate higher in fertile regions Studies. [R]Looking for some phone advice.: Its been 5 years since I last bought a phone. I owned a Redmi 1 yes 1. Not 1S and a week ago it refused to turn on again. Served me for a good while. I have looked at other phone suggestion threads. I would like to know phone enthusiasts of Reddit which phone would you suggest for similar durability I have a budget of 14k. Im looking at Redmi Note 5 Redmi Note 5 Pro Mi A1 Asus Zenfone 3 Laser Mi Max 2 Nokia 6 for now. Are there any phones you would recommend and why I dont give a shit about features like selfie light and beautify. I want my phone to be sturdy durable and of course specwise Id like what is competitive for that range 34GB RAM 3264GB Flash Memory expandable storage quad/octa core processor decent camera and you get the gist I hope. I have to ask because its been 5 years since I looked at phones online and Im really confused given the 180 reviews and prices. . Is it possible to take government to court regarding the outside country funds are allowed for parties part of finance bill Can the courts step in themselves : We all know now that both BJP and congress were held guilty of violating law when they accepted outside money. So they changed the law itself and backdated it to 1976 so that any such proof action isnt illegal. In this time of international election meddling and countries like China having a huge economical reason to ensure that Indian doesnt give it a serous challenge how isnt it reason to allow foreign money into politics that too with anonymous donations. Can anyone challenge this in courts . The Population Bomb Has Been Defused. AMA Announcement Aakash Mehta Comedian March 17 Saturday 4 PM IST: Greetings /r/India Sorry about the short notice. This was finalized at the last moment. Anyway as usual details below About Aakash gt Aakash Mehta is a Comedian Musician Writer Audio Engineer and Law Graduate from Mumbai. And he does all this without being a star kid. It helps that he has issues and that he likes dealing with them on stage. His standup covers everything from piles to suicidal tendencies to being a kid. A true student of the art Aakash now relishes every mishap misfortune and misadventure so that he can talk about it on stage. 1000 shows 10 videos and 3 and a half tours later Mehta is still calling his special Bear with Me. Perhaps he is being polite. Or maybe he is overbearing. Or maybe just has a weakness for puns. gt He will be with us today afternoon answering our questions. Do show up Date and Time March 17 Saturday 4 PM IST Verification https//twitter.com/KuchBhiMehta/status/974918922699931648 This is announcement only the actual AMA thread will be posted by the guest at the aforementioned time. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the AMA guest.. Irrfan Khan has neuroendocrine tumour all you must about this rare disease. Buy best quality Dildo for Men Online in India. Winston Churchill was not the only reason for the Bengal famine. [R][Serious] A relative got run over by a KSTRC bus and is now battling for life. What are his options: So a relative of mine who is fairly young an engineering student got run over by a KSTRC bus while he was travelling on his bike from Maddur Karnataka. Now as Im told the chances of his recovery are slim to none. If anyone god forbid has been in a similar situation or has dealt with something like this I would love to know what are his options in the following areas based on your experience/knowledge 1. This is a very serious case but there hasnt been any word on anywhere in the media. Are there any means for at least bringing this case to light and maybe even bring this to the attention of some concerned government authorities for some kind of resolution 2. Legal It was told to me that the policemen who were supposed to investigate his case they have threatened the eyewitnesses to stay mum for obvious reasons they have allegedly asked the witnesses to lie and say that the victim got run over by a bus belonging to a private company and not to KSRTC. Now I know for a reason that his family could sue the state of Karnataka as it was a KSRTC bus but without any witnesses/evidence to support the case it will be rather impossible for them to win. What are the possible options for seeking some legal help 3. Financial The person is still alive on a ventilator but as I said above his chances of his survival are pretty slim. He only has a mother and while his extended family are trying their best it seems like the funds needed for his treatment will soon run dry. Are there any relief funds or charities that could work towards a case like his Thanks in advance for all the help.. The AASRA Helpline: Any of you people ever call the AASRA helpline Are they actually helpful And confidentiality I wanna try but feel anxious talking to strangers on voice call about my problems. Edit Words. Found this randian on Tinder : [deleted]. 2 minors flee torture in Madrasa rescued. Thank to all for inspiring me creating YouTube channel.: Thank you all and the whole Internet world for inspiring me to develop a YouTube channel. It is mainly about music. Now having hindi cover songs about to add original songs and Rabindrasangeet as well. Would love to share with you all. Heres the link https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCS4Mfm536cZdXKfqHqSnlgviewassubscriber. Stephen Hawking meets President [Jan 2001]. From Gandhi to Tagore A Look at Einsteins Desi Connections. And it begins.. eventually everything will be tied to your unique ID your habits learnt and marketed better. [R]. [R]ailway Jobs 1.5 crore apply for 90000 railway jobs. I want to buy earphones from aliexpress. Is it trustable: So I am thinking of buying myself a new earphone and after shit luck I have had with Sennheiser and sony I am thinking of something different. /r/headphones recommends these [Tennmak Pro Dual Driver earphones]https//www.aliexpress.com/item/TennmakTenmkProDualDynamicDriverProfessionalInEarSportDetachEarphoneHeadphoneswithMicrophoneRemote/32624020655.html I checked and these are available on Aliexpress at half the price of Amazon. But I have never ordered from this site and am having trouble trusting it. So is this site reliable and would I have to pay any extra tax or something on them as I am shipping from China Also would I be able to claim warranty on these in case of damage or on any other repairs TYIA . [ask][serious] Whats the most social good you can do with Rs. 10000. Good Internet dongle in India[AskIndia][NP][R]: I might have to come to India to deal with some family issues. I am from a small town and the internet connection there is absolutely shit. Need help figuring out what would be the best way to get good connectivity so i can work remotely. Thanks in advance.. Dildo Dotted Glass Dildo Blue Sex Toys for Women in India. Dildo Ribbed Dong Dildo Black Sex Toys for Men in India. S Maria No Film can Come Close to Story of My Life. Thought Expe[R]iment If you were Frank Underwood/Narendra Modi if you wanted to score the ultimate goal in Ram Mandir issue. What would you do: Few things to consider 1. But bro they can just keep milking it and keep dividing us.. yadda yadda yadda That is what has been happening you are Underwood you wanna score big and forever and leave a legacy 2. You should write it from the POV of the PM not give an answer like India ka kuch nahi ho sakta etc etc. Please be constructive and contributive.. AMA Announcement 1. Dhruv Rathee YouTuber Activist. 14th March 7pm IST 2. Anoop Bhat Architect Freelance Illustrator. March 15 5 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We have two interesting AMAs lined up for this week. Details below AMA 1 Some of you had requested Dhruv for an AMA on the thread discussing his interview with a former BJP IT Cell worker. He reached out to us and here we are. The thread https//redd.it/83l9cx His YT channel https//www.youtube.com/user/dhruvrathee/ Verfication https//twitter.com/dhruvrathee/status/972820231876902912 AMA on 14th March 7 PM IST. AMA 2 Anoop got in touch with us and expressed interest for doing an AMA. We readily agreed. He is an architect and a freelance illustrator from Bangalore India. He primarily draws in pen and ink and creates illustrations for bands from around the world album covers posters tshirt designs and such. Some of his recent works include designs for Opeth Anathema and Parvaaz. Here is his work for Parvaaz https//i.redd.it/86ebvolgmxh01.jpg You can check out his website www.anoopkbhat.in. Verification https//twitter.com/anoopkbhat/status/972374691087237120 AMA on 15th March 5 PM IST These are going to be fun AMAs do show up This is announcement only the actual AMA threads will be posted by the guests on the aforementioned dates. Questions posted here may go unnoticed by the AMA guests. . My friend needs some help regarding a placement test.: My friend wants to take the [eLitmus]https//www.elitmus.com/ test and he would like some help in case anybody here has taken the test. Th test guidelines specify that the candidate is required to bring his 10th 12th and college original mark sheets to the center but his 10th amp 12th mark sheets are with the college. He wanted to know if theyll allow him to take the test as a final year student with the college mark sheets only. . [R] Where the fuck is Virtual Aadhar ID: March 1st was supposedly the date by which UIDAI would start rolling out Virtual ID for Aadhar. Its the 12th now and theres no mention about it except for circulars and articles talking about it all of which are dated January. One website mentions resident.uidai.gov.in would allow you to generate it but theres no way to do so yet . Death by drug 16 families that lost a loved one to drug addiction speak of Punjabs big crisis.: [deleted]. Nirav Modi amp The Smuggling Of National Treasure: [deleted]. How to port from Aircel: [removed]. Ram Ke Naam / In the Name of God [1991]. Should I be worried : https//i.imgur.com/rFXecWS.png I had locked my biometrics last year.. When countries take war to whole new level.. Krishnamurti Is There a movement totally appart from time. About Aadhaar.: Can we just keep aside the hate for a while UIDAI is right about that fingerprints that exists on their server hasnt been compromised only peoples data was taken in an illegal way using authentication but that doesnt mean the database of peoples biometrics data is compromised. A marchant can only access peoples details using demographic banks telephone companies or using otp biometrics authentication. The fingerprint shouldnt be stored at merchants side. Though I still dont find their database to be secured as they claim but there hasnt been any claims on their biometrics database leak the details were obtained in an illegal way to which they responded back with FIRs after finding out. UIDAIs statement https//twitter.com/UIDAI/status/972828886097526787. Rahul Says he Priyanka have Completely Forgiven Rajivs Killers. Indian parents most keen to help kids with schoolwork Study. Back to the city of joy KOLKATAMemory Diary. Unacoti Tripura Place for 9999999 sculptures of Indians Gods amp Goddesses. All this Happened because I Embraced Islam Hadiya. Dear indian app devs do you guys have any idea how to verify aadhar using thunkable: basically i want to get gender and name info and make an app for it any idea how to do it Thank you. . [AskIndia] Guys I need entertainment this weekend. Are there any other circlejerk FB pages like The Immigrant Cow from Tamil NaduIve bought popcorn and coke: [removed]. I have an idea to raise awareness against aadhar: [removed]. [Long read] How a highprofile school killer became a leading don in Haryanas underworld. Concerning ridiculous fears about Registration numbers being available online wait till you find out about electoral rolls: Some people have been needlessly panicking about vehicle Registration data being available online apparently these people will be in for a shock vwhen they discover electoral data is also available online via official channels. With these two I can find out where people live and........ do absolutely nothing with it. Hell this data has always been available. You could find out about such things in a phone book. I get that Randia is full of upper middle class NIMBY types who get high on techno libertarian horse shit but opposing Aadhar is a whole different thing than opposing this. Aadhar is opposed because it is a form of authentication system which can misused or abused you addresses information and your vehicle registration is not. Sure you can carry on with your pearl clutching about how your women are under threat from those poor evil stalkers which you imagine to be poor and lower caste. But the reality is women are more likely to be molested by a relative than some random stranger and we live in a society. I can understand the people complaining about privacy but they lose whatever legitimacy they have when they use social media like reddit to do it. Why is the public knowing what car your drive and where you live bad l but a private company being able to sell your psyc profile for advertising good These are the same people who order from Amazon and dont know how a pincode works. So in conclusion carry on the circle jerk Randia.. Goa CM Manohar Parrikar suffering from advanced pancreatic cancer Sources. Since today is Womans Day can we have a thread where only the girls/women can discuss anything they want and we boys/men can join in secondary comments.: inb4 nice try no girls on internet. You cannot hide the truth.. SC Upholds Hadiyas Marriage Love Jihad Bogey Rejected. BMC to make pothole mix it imports from Austria Israel in Worli. What commonly held beliefs are a result of propaganda: Title says it all.. can we hear some unfavorable/unpopular opinions that randians have. Is Indias Bangalore doomed to be the next Cape Town. The truth behind gauraksha.: [removed]. Couldnt get the MI Redmi note 5 pro even with high speed Internet and me pressing buy within like 10 seconds of the sale starting.... anyone get hands on one How did you do it Whats the phone like . vaishno deviMemory Diary. I am looking for Beta readers for my Novel: Hi I am cowriting a technocrime thriller. It is told entirely through the POV of two Indian American characters. Six chapters around 30k words. We have been working on this for over a year now and finally got the courage to share it with others and get feedback. Please PM me or comment here if you are interested in reading it and giving feedback. I would really appreciate it. thank you. I am looking for Beta readers for my Novel: [removed]. New addition to the family: Randus help me welcome my first rescue kitten. [She]https//i.imgur.com/wom6lEU.jpg was in a bad way shaken up by street dogs. Current status napping after a nice meal. Trip to the vet later to check on her limping hind leg. She has the cutest orange eyes btw. Name suggestions welcome. . Offshore India funds ETFs register USD 1.1 bn inflow in Jan. if next financial crisis happen will our banks collapsed : because last time our banks were safe from the crisis of 2008 will this time also banks are safe or this time situation is different . Everytime I go see a movie there are always people behind me talking rubbish through out the movie.:  Anyway does this happen with you too . Bureaucrats face far worse than the slapping incident in Delhi says IAS officer Ashok Khemka. LPT How to check if an offer on websites like OLX or Quickr is fake: I was intrigued by [this]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/81x86t/isthisfake/ post just now. It links to a guy selling PS4games for 15k. What you should do in this case is right click on the image of the product the guy is selling and Copy Image Address. Then you go to google image searchimages.googe and search via an image. Here you can paste the link that you copied and itll show you where on the internet the same image is being used. If youre getting multiple results on different websites then it is probably a stolen image and you are being scammed. If not its probably handclicked and lesser chance of it being a scam. Hope this helps. My friends father has been missing since 22nd Feb from Howrah Station. Please reddit help us find him.. My friends father has been missing since 22nd Feb from Howrah Station. Please reddit help us find him.. 4.4 lakh unsold homes in 7 big cities at 2017 end JLL India. when I first started vlogingMemory diary. AMA Announcement Gaurav Siddharth Guinness World Record for the longest journey by motorcycle in a single country. Tuesday March 6 6 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We have an interesting AMA lined up. Gaurav Siddharth holds Guinness World Record for the longest journey by motorcycle in a single country. Using his orange Hero Impulse motorbike he rode 115093.941 km 71708 miles from 17 September 2015 to 27 April 2017. We believe he has many interesting stories to share. Do show up for the AMA. Details below Verification and some news articles about Gaurav https//imgur.com/a/B4p9I Date amp Time Tuesday March 6 6 PM IST Thanks to /u/wordswithmagic for contacting Gaurav for this AMA. People of r/India who are earning more than 2.5 lpm or 30 lpa do you get a day or a weekend off.: My cousin brother earns more than 2.5 lpm and works in Havells. The thing is that he goes to work for arnd 29 days a month and gets rarely a day off in a week and hasnt even take a vacation in the past 2 years. My father thinks that the company has every right to call my brother every day at work because they are paying him arnd 2.5lpm. I believe that this is illegal and one cannot make someone work 30 days in a month just because he is paying a person 2.5 lpa and that he is entitled to have a Saturday or/and Sunday off. Is corporate world seriously like this that you have to work your ass off and cant even enjoy with your family or is my brother a dumb ass who is simply running behind money and work. Your views. Edit He is not from a IT background. He is in Sales background at a high post. . Yes the Supreme Court has been Floundering says Indira Jaising. Yes the Supreme Court has been floundering says Indira Jaising. [SERIOUS] A guy I know is sexually exploiting his cousin on false promise of marriage. Need advice.. BJP now rules 21 out of 29 Indian states.: How long till 29/29 Apparently this is the first time in India that one political party has this many states in its bag [last time]http//indianexpress.com/article/northeastindia/tripuranagalandunderitskittybjpnowrules21outof29statescongressleftwithfour5084667/ it was 24 years ago when the Congress party governed 18 Indian states. What are your thoughts on these recent changes in the political scenario in India How do you think itll impact your future Speculations Predictions Analysis Note No trolling/baiting please. This is an important issue for both this country and our progress depends upon what transpires ahead. Lets show that we can discuss politics without collectively losing our shit. . [Serious] How do you feel about BJP growing its presence in the north east [P]: I have a biased view that having BJP run our nation isnt a very good idea. But Im curious about the silver linings that this government has to offer can anyone give any examples. From Kanyakumari to Kashmir on foot Indian womans 3600km journey to empower her gender. Wtf Paytm asking for root permission in my phone.. Lawyers of r/india in case of a divorce apart from alimony what other properties of husband are given to a woman permanently: What about home bank savings/deposits mutual funds cars insurance etc. And Im guessing most if not all are only from husband to wife and not vice versa. Tip Reporting a spam/misleading YouTube video requires just 3 additional clicks: If one visits the Indian YouTube trending page its a grim situation with clickbait videos trending with over a million views and with such misleading content. I saw a trending video highlighting the income house cars of Jahnvi Kapoor Daughter of Sridevi which just saddened me to the core. We are becoming really insensitive as a society. I reported the video as Spam/Misleading. I guess a collective effort by conscious people can still demote certain videos and clean out the mess YouTube has become offlately. Hope this post is received in good stead. . someone help me please help me im ready to givr my whatsapp number i need help please: [deleted]. SOMEONE PLEASE TALK TO ME IM BEGGING YOU PLEASE HELP ME IM READY TO GIVE U MY WHATSAPP PLEASEHELP. vaishno deviMemory Diary. Holi special. Feeling really lonely on Holi: Hi r/India using a throwaway here. So I shifted states to attend college leaving behind my friends and family . I thought college life was going to be fun and I will get the chance to make new friends but it has been almost 9 months and I still havent been able to make a single friend. My classmates dont talk to me and make fun of me behind my back my hostel mates dont give a shit about me cant concentrate on studies in short I have almost zero social life. So as you can guess I have no one to play Holi with . Seeing other people having fun on Instagram and Snapchat makes me lonelier still. Now some people are going to ask that what even was the point of this post . To be honest even I dont know . I guess I just needed to tell someone. Thanks for reading. Edit Mods if this post goes against your rules please remove it. Living Solo/Alone: [deleted]. Wired story on How Trump Conquered Facebook Without Russian Ads What it means in diverse Indian society: Heres a thoughtprovoking article in Wired titled [How Trump Conquered FacebookWithout Russian Ads]https//www.wired.com/story/howtrumpconqueredfacebookwithoutrussianads/ on how Facebooks auction system optimized for content engagement which heavily favored trolly outrageous clickbaity ads. Think about what it does for politics in diverse Indian context when algorithm doesnt care about civic engagement as much as it care about its expectedprofits. Some Excerpts gt Last Friday Rob Goldman a vice president inside Facebooks Ads team rather illadvisedly published a series of tweets... the tweets said that the online advertising campaign led by the shadowy Internet Research Agency was meant to divide the American people not influence the 2016 election. gt Youre probably skeptical of Robs claim and I dont blame you. The world looks very different to people outside the belly of Facebooks monetization beast. But when youre on the inside like Rob is and like I was and you have access to the revenue dashboards detailing every ring of the cash register your worldview tends to follow what advertising data can and cannot tell you. gt ... Russias Facebook ads were almost certainly less consequential than the Trump campaigns mastery of two critical parts of the Facebook advertising infrastructure The ads auction and a benignsounding but actually Orwellian product called Custom Audiences and its diabolical little brother Lookalike Audiences. Both of which sound incredibly dull until you realize that the fate of our 242yearold experiment in democracy once depended on them and surely will again. gt ... During the runup to the election the Trump and Clinton campaigns bid ruthlessly for the same online real estate in front of the same swingstate voters. But because Trump used provocative content to stoke social media buzz and he was better able to drive likes comments and shares than Clinton his bids received a boost from Facebooks click model effectively winning him more media for less money. gt ... The above auction analysis is even more true for News Feed which is only based on engagement with every user mired in a selfreinforcing loop of engagement followed by optimized content followed by more revealing engagement then more content ad infinitum. The candidate who can trigger that feedback loop ultimately wins. The Like button is our new ballot box and democracy has been transformed into an algorithmic popularity contest. gt But how to trigger the loop For that we need the machinery of targeting... Despite folklore about selling your data most Facebook advertisers couldnt care less about your Likes your drunk college photos or your gossipy chats with a boyfriend... Custom Audiences lets them do that. Its the tunnel beneath the data wall that allows the outside world into Facebooks wellprotected garden and its like that by design. gt ... Facebook can also populate an audience by reading a users cookiesthose digital fragments gathered through a users wanderings around the web. Half the bizarre conspiracy theories around Facebook targeting boil down to you leaving a data trail somewhere inside our consumer economy that was then uploaded via Custom Audiences. In the language of database people theres now a join between the Facebook user ID thats you and this outside thirdparty who knows what you bought browsed or who you voted for probably. That join is permanent irrevocable and will follow you to every screen where youve used Facebook. gt ... With a mere mouse click from our hypothetical campaign manager Facebook now searches the friends of everyone in the Custom Audience trying to find everyone who wait for it looks like you. Using a witches brew of mutual engagementprobably including some mix of shared page Likes interacting with similar News Feed or Ads content a score used to measure your social proximity to friendsthe Custom Audience is expanded to a bigger set of likeminded people. Lookalikes. gt ... Weve all contributed to this political balkanization by selfsorting or being sorted by Facebook into online tribes that get morphed into filter bubbles which are then studiously colonized by commercial memes planted and spread there by a combination of Custom and Lookalike Audiences. gt ... None of this is even novel Its merely best practice for any smart Facebook advertiser. Custom Audiences was launched almost six years ago marketed publicly at the time and only now is becoming a mainstream talking point. The ads auction has been studied by marketers and academics for even longer. The only surprise is how surprising it can still seem to many. gt If were going to reorient our society around Internet echo chambers with Facebook and Twitter serving as our new Athenian agora then we as citizens should understand how that forum gets paid for. Rarely will the owners of that nowprivatized space deign to explain how theyre keeping the lights on. Now back to India the most diverse democracy in the world How do you think this will play out in Indian context where populace are even more susceptible to hatestories and fakenews meant to trigger religious/caste polarization which often results in people engaging far less on policy issues like healthcare education job opportunities agriculture inequality etc. Lastly a xkcd webcomic to finish the textpost https//xkcd.com/1761/. [REQUEST] Can someone please write a Commuter Motorcycle buying Guide for riding in Indian cities: There are tonnes of videos on Youtube and blogs which dont really answer this question very well. In fact they confuse me even more. Can someone from here write a proper guide for buying a commuter motorcycle to ride in city traffic on crowded roads in cities like Mumbai/Pune. Thanks a lot. Those with no one to celebrate Holi with Why so And what are your plans: [deleted]. couple playing holi drawing scene. TIL that eating KFC chicken with Coke is so deadly . on the way Katra vaishno devijai mata diMemory Diary. Bullet Vibrator Tango USB Rechargeable Bullet Sex Toys for Women in India. Delaying Spray Pjur Med ProLong Spray Sex Toys for Men in India. Something I wrote for a friend who isnt in my life anymore: [deleted]. In a Goodwill Gesture Muslims Shift Friday Namaz Timings for Holi Celebrations. A guy threw a girl balloon filled with Semen. I dont know how one can get so much semen to fill a balloon. The incident also drew a great sympathy from various corners. That aside I really dont get how can we hold that every man is like this and will do such a disgusting activity : My FB feed is crazy with pictures of balloon packet on which it is written Fill with Water and Girls are sharing the images. Thats why the thoughts. . vaishno deviMemory Diary. [ASK][Serious]Awkward toilet/lota question: Beause of hemorrhoid problems I want to change to a bidet or lota set up but have some operational questions. For me at least its not the big stuff on the outside thats hard to cleanone or two wipes of paper can do it. The problem is the stuff you have to dig around for first knuckle deep around the inside and around hemorrhoids thats hard to clean and takes the most time and paper. When using a lota or pouring water to clean how do you get this part Just keep wetting finger and rinsing it Even a bidet isnt going to spray that hard up in there nor would that be nice for me anyway I dont judge. I know this sounds silly but I dont know the proper technique and its not as simple as rinsing the outside of the bunghole off for my case. Getting into bath or something so involved is not for me so hoping I can change to a water/hands technique and improve my health.. Holi Rant. How were the naming practices of the civilians during different eras: How far back do the historical records go How were the civilians ...proletariat named I dont think the First Name Last Name format were there back then. So through out different eras of India what were the naming practices Pre Aryan invasion then pre Islamic invasion then pre European primarily British but also French and Portugal Invasion/cunning takeover.. vaishno deviMemory Diary jai mata di. J. Robert Oppenheimer Never Said about it he just mentioned a verse from a Bhagwad Geeta after testing the first Atomic Bomb. Sridevi is no more. I know and people are sad about it but covering her body with the Indian Flag and cremating her with full State Honours. I seriously dont get it. I mean What the Fuck this is.: You may call me insensitive and by many other words. But seriously what is this.. . Need help My uncle a person with special needs is missing in Ahmedabad: Hi Redditors from India. I would really appreciate your help in this matter. My uncle mentally challenged and epileptic has been missing in Ahmedabad. If you could maybe spread the word My uncle Mr. Pinto J Bagolia is missing in Ahmedabad since 630 pm on 26th February 2018. He was last seen at the Kalupur station platform 1 exit staircase that leads to the reservation office. He is 53 years old 5 feet 6 inches tall and has wheatish complexion. He is mentally challenged but he can understand whats being spoken. Heres a link to his photograph https//m.imgur.com/a/WMfGE He was last wearing a white shirt with grey vertical lines and navy blue/dark blue trousers. He might also be wearing clear glasses with no power to protect his eyes from dust following an eye surgery. If you find him please DM me or contact us on 9969174157 or a police station near you. We have already registered a missing person complaint with the police Kalupur railway station inside the premises You may want to refer the Ledger no 06/18 on 27th of February 2018 Circumstances surrounding him being missing. He is admitted to a residential school in Junagadh for people with special needs. He had cataracts in his eyes and he had a surgery done a month or so back in Ahmedabad after which my mother dropped him back to his school. On 26th February 2018 my mother had brought him back to Ahmedabad for an eye check up. However at the railway station my uncle got separated in the crowd. . Millet Meals Finally had a Decent Home Cooked Lunch after a Long Time. Depression: I have always been someone who has taken depression lightly.I had never faced it myself until recently.I got diagnosed a while back and I realise now how tough it is to be depressed.Contrary to what most of us make it out to bedepression is not just being sad and mopey all the time. It is apathy.You dont feel shit.I would often hear that depression makes you completely apathetic and couldnt help but wonder how that is a bad thing since not giving a fuck about anything should ideally be a good state to be in.I was very wrong.The things that made you happy once wont matter.Your friends wont make you feel less lonely.Another drink wont make you feel lighter.Weed wont have the same effect anymore. All those people that you knew/heard of who killed themselves will suddenly not seem so stupid anymore because youd understand what they were going through.It is like being in a dark abyss and not being able to come out because that is the only place you have ever known.This is obviously a rant.It is the outlet that I luckily have access to and a place where I know some of you may find this relatable. I want all of you who are going through this phase to know that you are not alone.Other peopleeven though they may not look like itgo through the same shit and theres a good chance they may understand.Talk about it to your friends and family.Id have asked you to talk about this to me and other redditors but it wont help much.Understand that if theres someone who can really help you come out of the funkits you yourself. Peace . [PSA] With RBI notification to verify KYC for many online portal by Feb 28 is being pushed by all Online services Kindly avoid providing Aadhaar number.: Just take a stand even though you have aadhaar or not at least stand against it by not providing the number till SC comes out with verdict. Here is Amazons verification notification while adding money. https//i.imgur.com/VCAgVkg.png Thanks.. Dear randias Today my first Android game went live on play store.it has no adstracking or paid stuffs: [removed]. [Shower Thought] The media likes to use politically correct terms like the Mortal Remains... But on the contrary obnoxiously sensationalizing death for TRPs.. Mani Square kolkata do subscribeMemory Diary. Penis Pump Hercules Penis Pump Original for a harder and stronger erection Sex Toys for Men in India. Clitoral Vibrator Womanizer Pro Chrome Sex Toys for Female in India. feeling too worked up or stressed downTHIS STORY HAS A SOLUTION LETS UNcomplicate lives through simple stories.. Do you remember the last time you heard bedtime stories Millennialls lets travel back in time. Is this the most indepth article ever written on Narendra Modi the person: The longform article published in The Caravan Magazine in 2012 is perhaps the most exhaustive journalistic piece written on Modi that has not been endorsed by Modi his acolytes or any rightwing organisation. Link http//www.caravanmagazine.in/reportage/emperoruncrownednarendramodiprofile I was fishing through some longform pieces on The Caravan and came across this. This is a stunning piece of investigative researchcumprofile writing though at times it is a bit overwrought and long. Anyway I would like to hear r/Indias views on this article. Detailed insightful responses are welcome. . Looking for writers [R]: Hey r/India Im looking for people who can write well. Not necessarily pro writers but someone who can write decent stuff and wants to make an extra income on the side. Would need the person to have decent English skills if not shashi tharoor levels and someone who can write on multiple topics. Im a freelance writer myself and Im overburdened with work at the moment. Clients dont pay much but theres always a lot of work. Please pm if youre up for it. Sorry if it breaks any rules here.. Karni Sena off to disrupt NBA game in the US: [deleted]. [Rant] How UPI can fuck you over : The silence on this issue is deafening are the folks at rbi npci security firms so dumb that they have traded basic security for ease of use I still cant fucking believe that there is no hue and cry over the way UPI works. All it takes is the registered mobile number along with the last 6 digits of the debit card to withdraw funds from the account up to Rs 1 lakh from a single account in one day. Ladies who especially travel with their mobiles and debit cards in the same purse their misery could be compounded if they travel with multiple debit cards linked with the same mobile number incase of theft. All it takes for the thief is to remove the sim and register/reset upi pin to withdraw funds from each of the accounts. Prior to UPI going live the theft would have been only limited to the worth of the mobile phone along with the cash and other valuables in the bag now courtesy of UPI the thief could clean up the entire savings of a person. For the uninitiated the basic tenants of authentication are What you know What you have Who you are For securing any system atleast 2 need to be followed. UPI only banks on what you have I dont understand how difficult it would have been for the folks at npci to include atm pin verification . There is lot of talk of aadhar privacy issues every single day on this sub I am surprised as to why many folks sing praises for UPI I agree it is pretty fast but at what cost Mera Bharat Mahaan . . Indian Redditors what do you do on a Sunday. Press F to pay respect to our lost legend: [deleted]. [NP] Dealing with grief.: Hey r/india . A really close friend of mine recently lost a parent. It was really unexpected and as a response I just completely shutoff. All I did was offer her emotional supportI think I did. Thing isIve never experienced this. I was a toddler then so I dont have many memories of my grandparents hence I dont notice a particular void there .Only now that Im 19I get the gravity of the situation. I just wanted to ask how do you guys deal with it if youve ever experienced it And how have you come to terms with it that youll experience it too thanks for reading. [OffMyChest]A Letter to My Crush. [R] A Letter Which Would Never Be Read by the Intended Person. Baloch Separatist Leader Defects in Moscow Blames India for Hijacking Struggle. Anyone thats had experience with crazy would you recommend or nah: Asking for a friend. I decided to opt for job instead of MBA after graduation and now all my relatives are making me regret it.: As mentioned above I applied for jobs instead of studying for CAT and eventually got selected in a company that I really liked. I was very excited about that until my relatives got to know about it. Now every time we meet all they do is tell me how wrong my decision is. So I just wanted to ask any recruiters out there whether my decision will benefit me in the future or not.. When Lal Bahadur Shastris Widow had to Repay a Rs 5000 PNB Loan from her Pension. [Serious] Why is obsession in love considered beautiful unlike obsession with drugs: I know it is an oft asked question. But if you really look at it Love is equivalent to any other dangerous drug and can ruin the life of the person his psyche health etc. In such a situation the writers and filmmakers should promote people to behave rationally. They should promote people valuing themselves and their peace above others. Real life love from what I observe isnt as much full of passion but peace and understanding. If you find someone Okay and if you dont thats also fine. What these socalled artists are doing to our society is the exact opposite. They tell the young people that if they arent in love theres something wrong with them. That Romantic love is beautiful and blah blah. ITS JUST A FUCKING PART OF BEING ALIVE LIKE ALL OTHER THINGS . [Serious] In love with a small town girl: [deleted]. Practice RTO Learner Licence test for different states. Google maps review of a police station. Acapella Cover Cheap Thrills amp Bollywood Mashup 2018 by Mrs Purnima. Buy Corporate T shirts Online to gift your employees and prospective clients. POR 334 Carpower ii 3 Ports Car Charger Car Accessories Buy Corporate Gifts Online in India. Calling all eminent legal academics JOB POST Director National Law Institute University Bhopal India: About NLIU One of the premier law schools in India the National Law Institute University Bhopal NLIU for short is looking for a new Director. Note that NLIU is a statutory body established under the NLIU Act 1997. The University has had an enviable record in all academic and cocurricular activities moot courts parliamentary debates arbitration/mediation competitions etc. and boasts of an ever engaged and vibrant student body. About the job Recently a search committee has been constituted under the NLIU Act and the chairman of the committee has invited applications for appointment of the new Director. The deadline for applications is 5 March 2018. The notification inviting applications can be accessed [here]http//www.nliu.ac.in/NoticeBoard/DirectorAppointmentNotification.pdf The procedure for applications is a bit complex and one has to be nominated by a reputed person/institution in the field of law. Also note the eligibility criteria A professor of law with atleast 10 years of experience in a university system or equivalent position in a research organisation who has made a significant contribution to knowledge and has adequate experience of university administration. What you can do If you know someone who may be eligible for the job or simply know of any eminent legal academics in India who qualify the criteria please post here or get in touch with me. TLDR One of Indias top law schools is looking for a qualified academic with a vision to lead the University as its Director. See [notification]http//www.nliu.ac.in/NoticeBoard/DirectorAppointmentNotification.pdf for eligibility criteria and suggest eligible candidates. Calling all UPSC CSE aspirants.: Hello folks Some people over here showed some interest in a telegram group for all the UPSC CSE aspirants and also those who have cleared if they want to help us. So I have made this thread to see if we have enough people who are interested in a telegram group. In that group we can discuss current affairs which constitutes a HUGE part of the exam and post interesting examcentric questions that we come across in the mocks. We can have constructive discussions learn from each others mistakes and share some tips which would work for all of us. Not only it will increase our competence it will also help us develop multiple perspectives on topics. We will make sure that the group stays to the point and devoid of anything else. So if anyone wants to join that group search Reddit CSE 2018 on telegram and join in. Thoughts If enough people agree we can ask mods to sticky that post for a couple of days. Edit I have made it a supergroup. It is available by the username redditcset.me/redditcse. Life feels unbearably tough and not worth living anymore: I will try to pen down the crux of my thoughts without delving too much into the details. I have been struggling with low selfesteem and inferiority complex from more years that I would like to admit. It comes in irregular waves sometimes peaking sometimes descending and sometimes unbearably harrowing. I have reflected upon my thoughts and tried to backtrack to the core of it. Its little difficult to express it eloquently within the limits of my basic vocabulary. But I have always been distressed with few or say lack of any talent gifts and natural aptitude which has been bestowed upon me by the master above. As if that wasnt enough I aint no eye turner and to put a bit more bluntly repulsive. This is not an exaggeration but an assortment of facts and opinions framed by years of experience. I try to cover up for my shortcomings by working ruthlessly hard. To the point where I stop taking proper care of myself. I let go of my health physical and mental. I overeat dont run dont read books and dont play musical instrument for months. To put in a nutshell I put a stop to everything which gives me some sort of contentment. But why would I do that to myself Because it is just too much effort on my side to stay mediocre let alone try to surpass it. Too much work just to get a decent job/internship in this harsh competitive world. Who has got the time for leisure activities when there is a pack of wolves around hunting for a small hare. You too got to hunt right How else would you survive Sometimes it is fulfilling to work believing that I am improving and things might get better. That all this hard work might not go in vain. But most of the times its exhausting. Its draining. I cant help but wonder why do I have to work so fiercely hard even for menial tasks which comes ever so naturally to others I am a dimwit a pure idiot. I feel a tinge of envy but mostly anger at myself when I see others. Its not right to compare I agree. But its unavoidable when its right in your face. I also crave to taste different flavours of life. I too want to travel play talk with girls maybe go out on a date I want to live I dont want to be bogged down by the routine stuff all the time. But alas cant do that when you are an inherently stupid person with the face of a monster and IQ of a potato. I have stopped enjoying life. It all seems mundane pointless. Just a repetition of same events with a little mutation. Nobody genuinely cares. It just doesnt seem worth living anymore.. Penis Pump Hulk Penis Enlargement Pump Sex Toys for men Online in India. LayOn Vibrator Vibrating Duckling Sex Toys for men Online in India. Depression helplines in India: Can we please make a list of helplines in India for depression I need them often myself and most that are usually listed do not answer.Having a list handy gives you a better chance at connecting with someone when you are alone with your destructive thoughts. thanks in advance. [AS][Serious] What to do in Goa for a couple of days: Me and 4 of my friends are visiting Goa for a couple days. We are on a tight budget so any economical suggestion would be encouraged. Also any good sports bar near Colva or Madgaon. How to deal with Hindu Nationalist terrorists xpost /r/therewasanattempt: [deleted]. [R]Techies Hit me with some usable cuting edge tech I can use on a project to show off: Guys. Its show off time at my organization and I need some cutting edge concepts that I can implement in some demo like capacity to display my talent Gimme watchu got. on the way Katra vaishno devijai mata diMemory Diary. History Of Holi In Katha ke karan Holi manai Jati Hai.. visiting the mothers room at Pondicherry. BSNL They have the worst customer servicefor GSM services I have ever encountered in my whole life. Youll never get a solution from there end instead theyll make you feel why did you even called.: This is not the first time I have faced such wonderful response from BSNL. I have had some very bad instances in the past as well but today it was hell. I reached my daily FUP limit of 2GB today and reached with there newly launched mini data pack of 7 that would give me 1 GB more data for a days validity. but I was still getting the same reduced speed of around 80kbps10KBPS and hence I thought to call the customer care. firstly the tape recorded lady that speaks speaks out of all the companys deals and stuff then later on when the part to press the button to connect to customer service agent comes the buttons only get registered after that lady has completed speaking all the options. I had to wait untill she completed saying all the options and then a button press would be registered. on the first call I told my scenario and the person told me that hell send me some internet settings. I had to install them and switch off the phone for 510 mins and then start again can anyone tell what this actually does. I did the same. no change whatsoever. I called again yeah am a fool I think. this time he told me send a message on 58355 writing BSNL and said that Ill be given some options then which Ill have to proceed accordingly and again switch off the phone. I asked the person to be on hold while I send that message and he was like we cant be on hold to help only one person. we need to assist other people as well and other bulk shit. by this time I had sent the message and I got this reply gtUnfortunately it is not possible to configure your mobile. /BSNL I told him about the reply and I was amazed to hear his response. Try sending the message again in 23 hrs and am sure your problem will be resolved this time. i immediately hung up the phone. I knew I was wasting time. it was 930pm then and within 230 hrs my pack will get expired itself and moreover after midnight Ill get the new days data as well. WTF was he trying to convey then and after todays case am really fed up of this company. I think I should switch to some other operator.. Little do they know: Had to create throwaway for obvious reasons. Reddit is funny in that way. It has been a series of failures and bouts of depression since February 2017. In feb 2017 I gave up smoking marijuana as I realized it sucked out every single drop of motivation I had in me. For some time at least the stuff kept me happy and kept the demons at bay. Fast forward to now and it has been a brutal year. When one stops getting any kind of success the next thing that preoccupies the mind is if I still got it. Pretty much failed towards my professional and educational goals. Every single one of them. Why am I writing this post You see I am confused Confused as to whether my parents know of what my mind goes through. I have not checked in to a psychiatrist for any kind of evaluation but I am pretty sure that I have been a solid functioning depressed individual since I was basically 21. Body image took a big hit at around 16. Now those problems are pretty small when compared to what I want to be and what I yearn to be. I cry myself to sleep on some days though not often. I just cant explain this to my parents and they dont seem to have one single clue. The biggest reason that they dont take me seriously or so do I feel at least. The warmth that a parent has towards their child is absolutely absent. Perhaps I put on such a strong face and demeanor everyday that none of my friends or family can ever fathom what I am going through. Is life all about accepting the circumstances and living by the mercy of others IDK but my nerve cells pretty much draw up the same conclusions everytime I pose this question in front of them. Sorry for the rant . Is there a suicide helpline where somebody actually picks up the phone: I am depressed enough to not be able to function properly and actually consider suicide.I know my mind is playing tricks on me.UnfortunatelyI have been an asshole all my life and have no friends who may hear me out. I tried calling up a few helplines but for some reasonno one ever picks.Would any of you please be kind enough to post a list of suicide helplines that actually work Please.. More than 30 per cent of worlds organic producers are in India. Stooping to cover Karan Thapar The Indian Express. [ask] r/india Whats your argument for or against euthanasia: [serious replies only] Reading this story https//scroll.in/video/869233/watchthismumbaicouplehasappealedtothepresidenttobegivenpermissionforeuthanasiautmcontentbuffer7c547amputmmediumsocialamputmsourcetwitter.comamputmcampaignbuffer about an elderly couple in Mumbai made me think about my own views on the subject and seeking opinions of others. . This meme has gotten way out of hand what does this even mean. Feeling like end of road.: I was struggling in school at college I struggled. Got a job well paying. But couldnt keep up with constant bullying and favoritism. My seniors got easy approvals and prefferential treatment for the same job. Then my juniors got the same treatment. At some point I was abused by a customer. Quit that job. Tried to find my comfort level studied hard did masters in a subject I loved. Passed out to know that there are no more jobs. Kept writing exams left and right. Qualified some but was turned down in interviews. Yesterday I missed an exam I thought the date was today. I was preparing for this for past 3 months. I think sleep depravation forgot the date. Feel shame feel despair feel nothing more matters. I am not looking for pity nor for encouragement I usally dont share thought I should try.. From commerce2ndPUC/12thstd to Computer science degree.. HELP...: hey guys im from a commerce background but im passionatecuz ive been studying it the whole the 2 years of collegebackground about computer science.. and im from Bangalore and want to get into PES University but they have mentioned i should have a 50 and above in order to be eligible to enroll.. so i was thinking if i could attend as a private student and apply for a exam but im also having second thoughts about it working out... if anyone has any advice or something i can do.. please help Thanks x. Spiti Valley End of March Travel advice: Has anyone been to Spiti Kaza and beyond in March/April The only route seems to be via shimla Reckong Peo but google maps is saying the road is closed wanted to know if someone has done this trip around this time . Need help with depression and anger.: Recently got my heart broken realised it was unrequited love. Been feeling like shit since then. Now I think Ill have to live with this all my life. My life is nearly fucked up beyond all repairs. I thought this might be the last phase of my depression but its just another phase all I want to know is when will this shit end. My demons are killing me from inside. Im hurt more than I show. The anxiety and insecurity was killing me from a long way back but now when came to know about it being unrequited just turned them into deep/severe depression. I just cant concentrate on any thing. My memory is all gone I think Im numb and soulless from inside. I was handling it pretty well then day before yesterday one of my toxic friend started snooping her and then messaged me about it which fucked me up pretty badly. I just dont know why what am I doing. Nowadays for me a good day is the one in which Im less hurt and less dying from inside. I dont think theres anything called happiness its just a myth in my opinion. I even read The subtle art of not giving a fuck it helped me for sometime but now Im again back to square one. Why is that all of a sudden all Im thinking about are relationships all my friends discuss onlu about girls and then they start crying about their past failed relationships man dont you guys have anything else to discuss. Were just 18 why cant we discuss something about science technologycareer business politics etc why the fuck all of a sudden after entering the college all I hear and discuss about relationships ohh what if I die single ohh why Im a nice guy ohhhh Fuck I never had been in a relationship till now and I dont wanna graduate single are the thoughts which wander in my mind. Precollege I was never like this I was a positive guy minding my own fucking business wanted to do something in life had so many dreams of my career but now 78 months later all those realistic goals are blurred all Im surrounded by is relationship goals why is my generation so much into this my soul mate shit cant they focus on their career and become something big so that their parents can be proud of them No all they want is a shoulder to cry on another person to share all they had in their good for nothing day more interested in opposite gender if you dont have any opposite gender bestie then youre a piece is shit if you dont have a significant other youre good for nothing if youre a shy guy who just likes to listen more than to speak then youre not worth dating. And whats wrong with this Indian system of dating. You first start liking the other person then you propose and then you start dating. Dafaq Why can you first start seeing each other then start dating and then if things turn out pretty good then youre automatically in a relationship no need to propose for being girlfriend/boyfriend. Im just losing it all I dont want to be in a relationship I dont even wanna hear anything related with it all I want is to concentrate on my career cause thats what will start with me in the long run. But apparently I cant focus on it. Anybody of you got anything which might help me Ive decided to change few things surrounding me and with myself. 1 Ill not speak or discuss anything about relationships or my heart break with friends in college anymore cause all they give is very toxic advice like beating up the other guy and so on. 2 Ill try my best to focus back on my career. 3 Ill try pleasuremastery therapy. .... Will add if you guys advice something worth it.. God amp Goddess Mode Of Transportation: [removed]. How to get emancipated in India as an adult: are there any laws regarding this in here Any insight would be appreciated. Thanks.. 20 something guy here. How many of us at r/india have started planning for retirement When is the right age to start planning: MBA from a decentish college and a somewhat comfortable job at a private bank 20 LPA HR professional 26 years old decent prospects at my current employer. I am not exactly gungho about my job but I kind of dont mind it/my bosses. I dont spend a lot may be daily commute no rent to pay parents lt3 and weekends are usually spent watching a play/going out. Not very big on buying clothes/shopping in general. Wanted to know how many of us have seriously started thinking about retirement. My parents are government employees who will have pensions when they retire but we wont. Given our current taste for a consumerdriven lifestyle how many of us have started thinking about a time when healthcare costs go up and income has dried up. Any tips and pointers. UNICEF 6 lakh new born die every year in India. Recently concluded science exhibition by students of a government school in Sector 2 HSR Layout Bangalore. [R] I applied for my voter ID card online and lost the reference number. How do I check its status: I didnt receive any email regarding my application when I applied two weeks ago and I am scared that applying again might be illegal. What do I do Randia what do I do. Is Bangalore turning into a racist: My intention is not to hurt anyone but a mere observation and seeking solution to an issue which Ive been observing since years Im from Hyderabad and my wife is Bhopal. My kannada and Tamil are quite broken but can understand some parts. She can speak only Hindi and English. I took a Sawaari cab to attend friends wedding in Karur. The driver speaks good Hindi but chosen to reply to us only in Kannada. He cheated us for toll charges of 700 and paid a bribe of 500/ to RTO with constant threats of dropping us on highway if we dont pay up. After return when we asked him about the charges he called someone and said these bastards come from North and do Gallata here and kept abusing us while talking on the phone. He refused to give our luggage despite us saying well pay and deal with savaari later. He demanded 500/ more coz we are messing with Kannadigas. All this while shouting and creating a scene on road so he ensured he played the kannada card so people can come and point fingers at us while we dont understand wtf they are talking. We paid and returned and I called Savaari they apologised and told me to mail them. I was quite furious so I complained to Bangalore police about bribe and misbehaviour of the driver. The thing which is bothering me more is Why is there so much hostility towards anyone not speaking in Kannada. I worked in Bangalore from 2011 2015 I personally witnessed such things with people from North East for instance threatening them to rename Chinese menu to Kannada or we break your outlet. Is Bangalore turning racist to everyone now North East North Indians Tamils/Telugus everyone who doesnt speak in Kannada How we deal with such situations . [R] Question paper from IIT Madras. Can you hear me The Indian Express. List of Important Civilian Awards GK Notes for SSC amp Bank Exams in PDF. I am not able to find the difference between truth and lie anymore: Whenever we had any details that we needed clarified we looked at the news but with the recent times it just feels like everything is a well fabricated lie to create a front in which the people who do wrong hide in plain sight. Who do I trust when the ones who are to act like Hermes try to act like Zeus I grew up in the south and the north and am plagued by opinions from both ends. I am told that the north tries to influence the south by imposing their language on them and lectured by the north that the south is just uncooperative and refuses to understand. To me both sides sound valid and sound only till a point the point where they start adding their personal prejudice into the topics. Yet am asked to choose sides and support a certain group while ignoring the other. Whom do I go along with and whom do I oppose Growing up in a conservative household I was raised with a lot of religious ideologies and personal opinions being shoved down my throat. As a result I had a lot of racist casteist and sexist opinions while growing up. I was finally able to shed and shake off all the bad opinions I had and get away from all the incoherence that bound me down but when I ventured outside.. all I saw was people who argued about one religious leader being better than the other. I saw some of my friends become followers of various religious leaders while defending their acts of immorality. I have known these friends for a good time in my life and I know that they are good people. Does that mean that the world is lying or are they Do I trust the people I know or do I trust the opinion of the majority If I live in a world in which I cant trust the ones I know then whats the point And if the ones I know are wrong and are intentionally misleading me then thats just betrayal of trust. I am always compelled to choose sides by all the people around me. It feels like it makes no sense to me to choose sides. I feel like there is no right side anymore. I feel like we all are trying to find justifications for our own mistakes. I feel lost and hopeless in this world. Not sure what I should believe in anymore... . India gets its first experimental Indian music museum at IME Bengaluru. Decoding The PNB Scam in Laymens terms: [deleted]. The Indian Man who Shares his House with Leopards and Bears. [Serious] NRI man wanting to get out of marriage. What are my options. Fight Breaks Out On Plane. Reason Passenger Who Wouldnt Stop Farting. RBI Data Shows Indias Bank Fraud Problems Go As High As Rs. 60000 Crore . Top 10 SSC Entrance Exam Coaching Classes in Chennai. current reddit gift exchanges R 20 feb 18 last date: Dear Friends I recently saw lot of Reddit Gift Exchanges / secret santa and matching date is 20 Feb 2018 so hurry up and sign up and enjoy the gift exchange I have signed up for Awesome Smells 2018 International Snacks 2018 Within COuntry Other exchanges are as below Books 2018 Crazy Toes 2018 Vinyl Toys 2018 Colors 2018 Hats amp Scarves 2018 Space 2018 Anime amp Manga 2018 Nail Polish Exchange 2018 Dog Lovers Exchange 2018 Cat Lovers Exchange 2018 Bookmarks . Hey r/india I need help.: Im a marine engineering graduate. I walked out of my campus placement offer and I have been jobless for nearly 2 years now. Maybe i am depressed or lack the will to struggle but i have been doing various odd jobs just to wile away time. My family is financially well off loads of property and things like that. But they do not believe in me and thinks that i am a fool for running out of my campus job offer. Shipping companies arent all that glorious they recruited about 120 students from my batch after a petty interview and only a few of them have got the greenlight to go onboard with continued service papers. I cannot work on the ship reasons are many but chiefly i dont have an interest to work onboard and hate the idea of giving exams time after time to earn your ticket to be on board it is too regimented and the current industry regulations arent the best in terms of securing a lasting occupation. plus loads of refresher courses stupid workmates overworking lack of sleep/bad diet theres no real learning happening there. Its all the same old regurgitated shit. Also the pay is meager and staggeredits only for each assignment you take. They also make you wait a long time until you get the greenlight to go onboard. Nothing is appealing to me. I have become sick of it. I want to know if there are any other shorerelated jobs that i can do which can bolster my resume. . [ Zoke Tyme ] Mitron GauPutron: Shitpost. Wild West Sons of Bitches. California Sons of Anarchy. Meereen Sons of the Harpy. India Sons of Cows.. R/India need your help in identifying these birds: http//imgur.com/ek4QzA1 http//imgur.com/sqKm0VE . Government employees of India whats your strategy to prepare for government jobs: Any helpful tips suggestions sources would be appreciated. For the context I am a law graduate. . Reject journalism that drives hate worried about ratings Rahul Kanwals Harvard address. Thank you /r/india: I posted yesterday seeking help for my depression and messed up situation.You guys were amazing to me.Thank you.Thank you very much I will give it another go.I have your good wishes by my side. Special thanks to /u/punjabdamunda Sir you have taught me something that I will never ever forget in my life. The kindness and compassion you showed has me in tears. . Elizer BenYehuda revived Hebrew which was a dead language for almost 2000 years. What would it take for a similar revival of Sanskrit. [R] Is it worth doing an MBA in HR after 4.5 years in IT Industry although i am struggling in this industry Please give me your honest advice folks anything and all are welcome.: I am a person with now about 4.5 years in IT industry but i am struggling a lot here. With a cat score of 75 percentile i am a mediocre candidate i have got a call from from XIMB for HR program to attend the GD/PI/WAT. My question is Is it worth it to go in this path now at this point of time I am deeply depressed right now and dont know exactly what to do. Edit [Added from a reply below for visibility and clarity] Lack of raise and failing to build strong programming skills in IT industry mainly i am from a non CS background. After 4.5 years i am a senior systems engineer. If i go for HRM it will involve a complete change of career path. I was targeting BusinessManagement BM course of XIMB but could not get it. Keeping in mind my experience of 4.5 years but not in a conventional fieldIT sector supporting persons who want to go into MBA will it be worth it What are my options if i leave this chance is what i am wondering or should i even leave this chance . Is it worth doing an MBA in HR after 4.4 years in IT Industry although i am struggling in this industry Please give me your honest advice folks anything and all are welcome.: [deleted]. [Rant] Too many people on r/india give bad personal advice: And this goes both ways. Too many people take these advices and try to act on them and in my opinion it delays their recovery with whatever problems they are facing. Now I want to say beforehand that sometimes people just want to crack a joke. Oh sorry to hear about your ex getting married. I hope the biryani was at least worth it. Thats fine. And neither am I appealing to people who say I too feel the same or I did this and it worked. I get it. Im not here for any kind of gatekeeping. But my aim is to maybe show that a lot of people are not equipped to handle personal problems of internet strangers. But they quickly generalize their own opinions as truth or as something that the other person will for sure understand comprehend and implement. As an example lets take mental health. A lot of people immediately recommend one of the following 1. Gym 2. Meditation 3. Therapy Now the problem with all these solutions is that the person already knows this. Depression by its nature cripples a persons ability to give fucks about important things. For example I know Im hungry but I dont eat. Because the commanding voice in my head does not work rationally and from a place of selfcompassion. What you ideally want to do is to listen to that person if you genuinely want to help them. Try to understand why they dont go for therapy in my opinion the easiest of the three. Jumping to solutions will not help because it would always be a sort of bandage. A person has to see the solution himself through his own insight. Another example would be about dating. There are two kinds of solutions 1. Find love. 2. Dont find love and be independent. Actually the real answer is somewhere in the middle. Find love and by love I dont mean sex. But the trust to be vulnerable in front of someone. Be authentic to someone. That love is not only rewarding but is essential. But the other side of the story is that avoid codependency. We can only love others just as they are if we love ourselves just the way we are. And in my opinion a lot highly voted comments miss out on such nuances. The solution to these problems will take a long time and the first step should never be the solution it should always be investigation of the problem without shame or fear or judgment if possible. Now this is different from Political or economic views. Because that is a third entity in the equation. You can never be a better expert on my own behavior but you can be more knowledgable in Politics than me. Same goes for selfesteem. In short human behavior is very complicated and depends a lot on things like Trauma Bad parenting selfesteem a lack of empathy but a lot of users here use a very strawman approach to handle such deep and complicated issues. I personally think that all these people have good intentions and most of them are trying to help but it would be much more rewarding for the sufferer and the helper if some modifications to actions is applied and some room is left for nuances like addiction.. Dear /r/indians .. Will you stop crying about being single all the time: Without being Sexist this goes for men and women both. Yall need to chill the fck down with this mera kya hoga bc story. Zindagi hai boss khud ke bharose jeena seekho fir ghar ke aangan mei kisiko palne ka sochna. I know so many people who have a completely messed up life no career no money and no scope but their main problem is that they are single. BC life mei pyaar ke bina jee nahi sakte kya What is so interesting about you that was not decided by your parents You being an engineer is not interesting you trekking through mountains or writing a story or having words to express yourself is what makes you interesting. So go out build yourself build an aura around you and then worry about finding someone. Peace.. I finally did it. Im comparing myself to others.: Yup. Ive started to do this. Im terrified. Its my last semester in college and I dont know what Im doing. Ive lost all motivation to do anything and I cant bring myself to pick up anything outside classes. I have assignments pending I have tests I need to prepare for and Im here alone in my room watching movies while playing solitaire. I see my mates doing incredible stuff. Theyre interviewing for great companies and colleges working towards their GSoCs and what not. And Im here alone not even able to finish my assignments. Well I think this should be therapeutic so I guess Ill put it out here. . Monthly indian folk music/dance Thread.: i have found few indian folk songs amazing and i think we should give our attention towards those stuffs. so lets share folk songs/music/dance from your states culture. You dont need to translate anything since music is not about understanding but experiencing it. lets celebrate diversity. Folk stuffs of siddi tribe tribegujarat https//www.youtube.com/watchvhb34KYq1paU siddi woman singing songs https//www.youtube.com/watchvSQJ9iTfcN5Y gujarati coke studio song https//www.youtube.com/watchvFJ0PO7asAxM now its your turn to share more folk stuffs. i hope mods will allow this small initiative to explore about our folk content and we can know batter about our history. lets support this idea and share your knowledge about it. Thank you. . This recent undetected bank fraud reminds me of my own case of a bank error in my favour: Was just after demonetisation probably a month or two . I went to the ATM to withdraw 2000 rupees the ATM took a long time to process my transaction and I dreaded that my balance would get deducted without getting the cash has happened to me at least 5 8 times However what happened was unique I got 1000 instead of 2000 and the ATM showed an error. However my account was debited by 2000. I called up my bank and they said it would get resolved in a couple of days. After a couple of days instead of getting back 1000 I get back 2000 even though I had got 1000 cash earlier. Called my bank again and they said it would automatically get resolved Still waiting for someone to show up and take back the 1000 after more than a year TLDR withdrew 2000 from ATM got 1000 instead complained and waited for 1000 rupees to be credited back to account instead got 2000 back . Constitutional validity of Aadhaar the arguments in Supreme Court so far. I think I have severe depression: I dont have interest in anything anymore.I quit my Job because theyd have fired me anyway for my shitty performance at work.I have no friends.My parents think I am a piece of shit who is good for nothing.My mother demeans me every morning at tea time.I cant move out because I cannot afford to.My father has given up on me already. I do not have the courage to kill myself.I cannot even study properly because I cannot concentrate well enough.I appeared for CAT twice made it to IIM interviews both the times99th percentile both the times by some bloody miracle and got rejected so MBA is out too.I dont want to die.Please suggest what I can do.. Complete AILET Exam Syllabus 2018 AILET entrance exam: [removed]. In Fact Why India doesnt lose forest cover. What the hell is wrong with Imdb India. 3 of IndiaToday group news anchor posted FAKE tweets. 1 of IndiaToday group political editor raised her voice against the fake news spread by News anchors India today fired the latter one. The 15th Finance Commission Threatens to Split Open Demographic Fault Lines Between South and North India. When Madhubala was Willing to Sacrifice her Love for her Friend. [R] I strongly believe bingewatching tv shows and constantly using social media is poisoning our lives with youthlifecrisis: 1st of all I am posting this because I see fellow brethren post their earlylife crisis. I was having the same issue so decided to share my thoughts. I am 26 yrs old male who used to moderately work out with notabadjob and I used to read at least 50100 pages from a novel everyday before going to bed and was always excited about exploring new places. I used to feel happiest when I finished a good book or watched a good movie or went to a new place. I used to wake up at 7 enthusiastically for gym and office. Overall I felt great till 2 yrs back. Now since last 2 years I had been heavily using whatsapp reddit 4chan and twitter and had been watching hell lots of tv series. On weekends I watched upt 16hours of tv shows a day. This gave me huge dose of dopamine that I dont feel like doing anything now. Even doing laundry seemed like a big task let alone going to gym or reading a book. Also I felt I had been desensitized and disinterested to most of the things. No movie or book makes me feel excited. Even going out with my girl felt like a burden. I kid you not I preferred jacking off to porno than meeting her and get physical She stays 200kM away from me travelling there felt like a huge task. I have a decent job and no pressure yet it felt like a huge burden waking up everyday and going to office. All I wanted ever was to crawl into my bed bingewatch tv shows browse social media jack off to weird porno and feel even more miserable. 6 months ago I became so depressed I was having existential crisis about my life. Did a bit of soul searching and decided to head back to my family in town took leaves of 20 days my office is quite liberal in terms of office timings and leaves as long as deliverables are handled on time. So for 20 days no social media no bingewatch movies no staring at my phone all the time. In fact I switched off my phone for most of the 20 days. That is the best ever time I had in a long time. I used to sit with my mom and sometimes dad and listen her stories from our childhood till 2am everyday. Overall it felt great. When I came back from home I deleted whatsapp and all social media apps from my phone deleted all the movies from laptop started going to gym reading books again. God it feels so great now. I feel pumped all the time have started going out with my friends. Casually dating another girl and it feels great overall. I have also set a goal for my career and personal fitness. So if youre reading this and having a crisis in your life and have become disinterested in everything. May be its time to delete all social media apps delete whatsapp hit the gym and do the thing you always wanted to do and see if it makes your life better. Also delete reddit app from your phone and use chrome/mozilla browser in phone. It will drastically reduce your time in reddit and dont login and unless required. Whats the fucking point of cracking a joke and get karma. How the fuck its gonna help you. tldr If youre feeling depressed and have become disinterested in everything delete all social media from your phone including Whatsapp. Work out a bit and do what you always wanted to do but never got time. EDIT If you wanna follow this I would say get rid of one habit at a time. For e.g. if you have FB delete the app and occasionally use it if you have any work. If you have insta either delete it or unfollow everyone you know and keep your account private and dont let anyone fuckin follow you. If you think youre using reddit to much delete the app use reddit on phone browser and login until and unless really required. If possible delete whatsapp if not dont upload anything on your WA status remove profile pic and your status update. Make it fuckin boring. If people send you memes dont reply. They would stop bothering you. Most importantly hit the gym even if couple of days in a week. If thats not feasible do squats and pushups everyday. . India to host 8th Theatre Olympics. 26 Yea[R] Old NonGraduate Looking To Study What Are My Options: Hey I was unsure whom to ask so I decided to post here. Im a 26 year old guy who doesnt have a degree but has some experience in reporting and journalism and want to further build my career in this field. Thing is Im facing difficulties shifting my job due to the lack of degree and I was wondering where or what I need to apply with and study to do so. People are very vague when it comes to talking about Open Universities and I am unsure if Open University Degrees will be useful if I want to further study. Ive slacked off for quite some time and failed to get my Engineering Degree so Im now focusing my energies on studying the field I always wanted to study. . Does India Really Deserve to Celebrate Valentines Day The Quint. [R] Highly fearing Am I in risk of aids: [deleted]. [R] We will always be there to talk : Hey Guys Hope you all are doing fine today Given the recent slew of posts multiple times a day about people getting tired/riled up/depressed of their lives u/sakhtaadmi u/punjabdamunda OP of the thread [here]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7x1j9f/wearehereifyouneedtotalk/ and many others have offered their support. u/sakhtaadmi and I have been conversing since today afternoon and we have decided on hosting a chatroom on discord if thats the apt term. We have decided on a couple of rules which to put simply are 1. Be nice. People need somebody to vent to. Most of us can relate with having a long terrible day at the college/school/office and can be left wanting of some reinforcement. We wont promise to resolve your issues youll have to work on them yourself. What we can and will try to do is try to provide you a window to yell a shoulder to rest your head on if possible. A pseudohuman interaction. 2. Corollary of rule 1. Please dont troll. Its not nice and humane to poke fun at others misery. 3. Ad verbatim r/suicidewatchs guidelines. Its concise and Ill try to post it in the comments if I get their permission. The reason is very clear here. We cant promise much we cant let people get doxxed and we cant let anecdotes be the end all. Everyones different and we gotta respect that. Please seek professional help if possible. So. We have a discord server https//discord.gg/xdQ8cqd If there are any budding psychology students or practicing psychologists please do leave a comment here or on the discord server. Hopefully we wont be disturbing you guys much from studies or practice but your insights would be immensely valuable and if shit hits the fan we can atleast hope to talk them down before they become dangerous to themselves or others. To finish I would like to just put forth a couple of stick sof my favorite poem by John Donne For Whom the Bell Tolls No man is an island Entire of itself. Each is a piece of the continent A part of the main. The bell tolls for thee. TLDR we have discord server. Please get in touch with us. Maybe we may be of some help.. [R]Rant Facing hurdles in getting a vasectomy done because Im unmarried.: So. I went to Ganga Ram in Karol Bagh today Thats in Delhi to consult with a doctor about getting a vasectomy. These are my observations First things first. It took me an hour to get to the right department. People kept shuffling me from one department to another until I reached the right one. I definitely think things should be more streamlined for us voluntary snippers. Second barely anyone understood vasectomy when I said it. When I reverted to hindi and used the word Nasbandi they asked me if I was inquiring about Tubal Ligation sterilization for women. That hit me really hard. A guy wants to inquire about sterilization and everyone assumes it for a woman. We need to promote male sterilization more. Not only is it quicker in terms of operating time the complications are fewer. Finally the doctor was shocked out of his mind. He kept asking me why I wanted it done. I simply said its a personal choice. He just couldnt believe anyone without kids would voluntarily want it. In the end he said he would need to see the legality and asked me to call him in the evening to see what he finds out. I just got off the phone with him and he said this 1. I need to bring my parents along and submit a consent form stating their explicit approval with their signatures in person 2. A psychiatric evaluation will need to be performed before any operation to judge whether I am making this decision while sound of mind. Im a 30 year old man and I need my parents permission to get snipped. And a psych evaluation is a prerequisite. Im not even sure what to think.. LIVE MahaShivRatri 2018 Isha Yoga Center: [deleted]. H1B denials seems to be rising: Even though media is not covering it and there is no official word from US it looks like US is rejecting H1B extensions and new green card applications a lot nowadays. And also a lot of RFEs. I was speaking to friends from 3 different Indian companies and all said the same. We all know people who had to come back to India all of a sudden because their extension/GC first stage/extension after i140 got denied in the last 5 months. I am not sure if this only for Indian companies or for all H1Bs. But those who are on H1B and applying for extension please plan accordingly. Also those who are considering working for an Indian company after studying in US be extra cautious.. Got this yesterday Swach mobiles and computers are the new frontier. Reaching out to u/oxeamDeleted Account: We are from Support group and looking for user behind username u/oxeam. We dont intend to doxx him or get into personal details. If anyone can reach out to this user please ask him to reach out to us on TG. oxy if you are reading this reach out to us on TG blu doc chaotic Update oxeam reached out to us. He is fine and safe. Thank you everyone for your response. . We are here if you need to talk.: I know this has been said time and again.It is something that is pretty much implied given that we are a community of over a lakh. If you are feeling depressed if you are not all there emotionally or feel like ending it all ever just talk.Type it all out and post it here. A fellow redditor and a friend of mine recently attempted suicide over a setback.Thankfully he is undergoing treatment and is a lot better.If any of you is going through something that is putting you in a bad state of mind or is making life seem like it is not worth it you can talk about it here.No one is judging you and there is a very good chance that somebody else here has faced the same problems and come through. Suicide and self harm are not worth it.I am slightly older than most of us here but trust meI go through the same problems as anyone else.You are not alone and we are always there for you. A lot of us here ignore our personal problems because of the societal stigma that is attached to depression and suicidal thoughts.I want you to know that it is very normal and very much resolvable. We care. Love.. /r/india do you donate: Im torn about monetary donations. I have started working since couple of years. I have just started to sort out my finances since couple of months i.e. investments savings planning for emergencies etc. I have never donated anything to anyone so far. I feel so selfish for that. At the time same time Im a sort of guy who is saving as much as possible for better future. I was just thinking if I should donate a small amount like 1000/ every month as soon as I get my pay check. It seems like small amount when I think about it. But it is 12000/ per year. I have just researched and read about taxes and all for a week to save 5000 rupees tax for the year. When I put it in that perspective it feels like substantial amount. I feel Im selfish and bad person. What is your take on this topic I know not all of you are into donations. Why do you not donate and if you do how much do you guys donate Im not talking only about donations to NGOs etc but also fundraisers for medical helps by poor people disaster relief funds etc. . Indias Richest Chief Minister Has Assets Worth Rs 177 Crore Poorest Has 26 Lakh Report. All accounts with post related to Priya Prakash Varrier will be banned effective immediately unless linked with culture.: [removed]. Exclusive AR Rahman Opens up on Faith SelfDoubt amp Bigotry Jan 18. Can someone help me find location in this image: I am pretty sure its in Delhi or NCR. I have never been to this place but if you can help me point out where it might be It would be really helpful. Thank you very much. My first guess was Khirki Mosque. But I have seen some images through Google maps the tiling on the floor and colors of wall do not match. [Picture]https//i.imgur.com/s68cV6f.jpg . Can someone help me find out where was this picture taken: [deleted]. XAT results are out: Can someone please tell me what percentile do you require to get into XLRIBoth BM and HR and SP JAIN Not the cut offs but the realistic percentile where you have a good chance. 2 lakh foreigners availed healthcare facilities in India in 2016. [AskIndia][Serious] Want to get an STD test. Recommend me a government hospital in Delhi good for the test: Im doing it as a precaution. I havent had one done yet. I checked with a private path lab and they are charging nearly 3k. I was told government hospitals do it for free. Can anyone tell me more about this What hospital can I go to and whats the procedure. A pack of lies to save her skin when a woman triggered a chain of concocted tales. I DJed at Kitty Su New Delhi last week. Heres my set Id love for you to listen: Ive only just begun DJing professional over the past few months. Played at Kitty Su New Delhi last week and am pretty happy with how my set came out. If youre into progressive trance and some deep house [check it out here]https//soundcloud.com/thetranceform/tranceformepisode2cassiniatkittysunewdelhi and let me know what you think . this song remind of today politicians: [deleted]. Increasingly suicidal with each passing day. Planning to try out therapy as one last resort before I finally call quits. Can anyone suggest a good shrink in Bangalore please : [deleted]. Need a good laptop [R]: I mostly used a desktop now I am in a need of a laptop. Redditors help me find a proper laptop. For mostly video editing. Requirements 1TB Harddisk 8GB Ram Dedicated graphics card Decent battery life on heavy usage. Clock speeds above 2.1GHz Budget Below Rs 60k. Dear Mods of r/India.. Aadhar does not maintain unique records UIDAI. Sunjwan Attack Idea of Using Proxies Against Pak Needs a Rethink. Growing Up in Smalltown Rajasthan. Need help with a Govt. procedure Gurgaonites with Gurgaon ID Proof please DM: Willing to pay for your assistance . The Brahman in the Mughal Court 2016. [R] Do you think that movies need to be politically correct Is their failure to do so a valid criticism of the movie: For example I have been increasingly reading reviews of late where they straight on go ahead and say that oh look this comment or dialogue was sexist and that means a bad review for the movie. While I agree tha sometimes it does feel completely disconnected to show something extremely regressive as most of usand the critics being urban dont relate to such things as much. But do you think movies ought to be that way For example reviews about PadmanI havent seen the movie so pardon if I misread things point out that the leads wife says something like what sort of a man cant protect his wife and then go on to say that this is a flaw in the movie. They also go on to praise forceful gender balance their exact words when they maybe introduce a female fictional character in the guys story and give her credit. Do you agree to this philosophy That a sexist dialogue even in settings where one might expect such things to be prevalent is a flaw I for one find this odd and dont find the review worthy once they do something like that. . Should Alauddin Khilji be venerated as a hero of India: He belonged to an Afghan family of Turkish heritage with his ancestors having lived in Afghanistan for over 200 years before they came to the plains of India. And in those days Afghans considered themselves Indian. Which is why a few centuries later they were happy to fight against a fellow Muslim Akbar while being led by a Hindu Hemu as Akbar being an Uzbek was considered as a foreign invader. Apparently India stopped at the borders of Afghanistan with Uzbekistan and Iran. My point is he was Indian. Now coming to the hero part. Alauddin repeatedly repulsed the Mongol invasions of India. Now as you guys know very well had the Mongols succeeded in their efforts India would have paid a very high price both in lives and material. Additionally Alauddin through his general Malik Kafur subjugated almost all of India penetrating to the deep south and gave it unity under a common ruler. Considering all of this should Alauddin Khilji really be celebrated as an Indian hero rather than as the villain he is usually depicted Discuss. https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AlauddinKhalji. 16 Things you didnt Know About Rajeev Chandrasekhar and maybe didnt want to know. Auto Expo 2018 13 hottest electric cars on display.. Which is the largest state in India if we look at the total surface area or land mass of each state: IDK whether its the right platform to ask this question but I couldnt help myself seeking a satisfactory answer to this question. All I know is that a state with plains will have less surface area than those with mountainous areas. D . Mi and Flipkart making fun of redditors: [deleted]. 2 year gap between UG amp PG: Im currently in my final year of BCA. I got short listed by a mass recruiter with a 2 year bond. ampnbsp I wanna work but I know that a degree in MCA is also important. Will I face any problems if I opt to do an MCA after 2 years with a valid 2 year work experience. No Indian varsity made it to top 25 but BHU Jamia Millia among top 350. Reading economic times when suddenly.... How does this guy get away with driving like this on public roads: So just came across this channel the way this reviewer drives the cars on public roads is downright dangerous how the hell does he get away with it I know India and all that but he is going to kill someone one day. [Here]https//www.youtube.com/watchvAGqcgl4yDA0 and [this]https//www.youtube.com/watchvzRYpnXsskXE and [wet roads]https//www.youtube.com/watchv3iLvqMdx3w and the [lane cutting]https//www.youtube.com/watchvlY7jq0NhF24 No wonder we cant have nice things.. Government admits that Aadhaar numbers of customers were used for fraudulent withdrawal of money from their bank accounts. Shamir [R]euben among Mumbais slam poetry stars accused of sexual harassment by multiple women. Unity in diversity. FGM Indias Dark Secret Female genital mutilation is being practiced not just in Africa but in the heart of Mumbai. HT speaks to several victims who are becoming the face of a brave fight back. [Old]. Our ThreeyearOld Daughter Should Know What it Means to be Hindu Right From her Childhood. [R] Is it now necessary to get Airtel SIM for a TATA DOCOMO customer: I have a TATA DOCOMO sim and got a call from an Airtel guy saying that as TATA DOCOMO is now merged with Airtel the customers have been mandated to get a new SIM card provided by Airtel. He took my address and told about plans and said that a guy would come and provide me with a SIM. A while monthback I had got a message from TATA DOCOMO that it isnt going to shut down. Also I havent got an official message of this new procedure if it is indeed required while the merger happens. After informing the guy about this he said that his was precisely the official call and that no other customer had got any SMS. He had my SIM ready with him and thats why he was calling. There isnt any news or any online information about this process. A moment later when he called again I was sceptical and said that I will choose to keep my current SIM and will see what needs to be done when my no. isnt working anymore. Was the guy genuine Or was he tricking me to get an Airtel SIM He was very persistant. Can someone enlighten me on the matter EDIT formatting . Rant Why people dont help out in India: This happened few hours ago. There was a mild jam. I was on my bike and another bike rider entered the wrong lane. He started scolding an auto driver and asked him to make way for him. I confronted the bike rider that he is in the wrong lane. He then instructed me to make way for him. I refused. The rider then goes on to sayare you governor to tell me I am in wrong lane The auto driver says to me to let it go. The pillion rider of the bike got off to start a fight with me. There were many people in the jam but no one spoke a word. I have seen many people here on r/india complaining why people dont come to help. They dont because it is the smart thing to do. I will be doing the same from the next time. . Trying to gather some money to buy myself a mp3 player that I lost. I live in Lucknow.: [deleted]. Kathakali Maestro Vasudevan Nair collapses during performance dies. AMA Announcement Protesting students from IIT Indore. Date and time Feb 7 Wednesday 7 PM IST: Greetings /r/India Many of you may have seen [the post]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7rq17h/requestinghelpfromredditorsfortheentire/ made by IIT Indore students regarding the protests going on at their institution. It got a lot of attention on Reddit and some on Twitter. However they havent received as much attention from the MSM. Looking at their sustained effort to reach out to people we invited them to do an AMA with us. They sent us the following text describing the current situation gt Students at IIT Indore have been protesting since 16 January for reasons that ranged from reduction of transport buses to and from the city to a long standing demand to replace the mess or as IITI calls it dining facility caterer by the PG and UG students respectively. gt gt Attempts to hold discussions on the matter by Student Gymkhana were completely sabotaged by the IIT Indore administration and a popular private paidfor canteen inside the campus shut down owing to unclear reasons with the reasons being given by administration being the source of much controversy and establishing some level of malpractice on the part of IIT Indore. gt gt The defiant flippant and arrogant attitude of the administration in not giving heed to even one of the students suggestions and the prompt dissolution of the Students Gymkhana after students protested to remove the mess/Dining Facility caterer catalyzed the protest into a larger umbrella where students are now demanding for their just and fair representation in the IITs decision making bodies which is found to be sorely lacking with dissolution of the Gymkhana and absence of student members in institutional committees which is plainly visible with a look at the IIT Indore website. gt gt Furthermore IIT Indore is taking arbitrary punitive measures such as suspension of PhD admissions the admissions page on IIT Indore website now returns a 404 error which may or may not be temporary emails and letters being sent to students and their parents informing of disciplinary action for participating in protests and in one case the physical travel of two faculty members over 1400 km from Indore to Muzaffarpur in Bihar to inform the expelled General Secretarys parents that their son is having political ambitions and may be harboring antinational tendencies. gt gt The institutes attempts at suppression have included calling students individually into rooms filled with 12 faculties and threatening them with consequences in career placement and marks calling their parents trying to confiscate ID cards and preventing students from speaking to media by restricting their ability to move out of the campus as media is not allowed inside. gt gt Meanwhile to explain the gross violations of law and constitutional rights the institute has given a number of contradictory statements and everyone from director to the public relations and information officer has been giving contradictory statements to the media. gt gt Without a functional student body there is no means of communication between students and the faculty. The requests and demands of the students remain unfulfilled and stalemate continues to this day. gt gt Activities so far Three big traditional protests and one placard display. Lot of activity in the back end mails to MHRD PMO Grievance Cell BOG etc. have gone unanswered. gt gt A detailed timeline of events and media coverage may be found in the [earlier thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7rq17h/requestinghelpfromredditorsfortheentire/. Verification Verification was done confidentially with moderators. In order to respect their privacy we will NOT be making the verification details public. Date amp Time Feb 7 Wednesday 7 PM IST P.S. This is the announcement thread the AMA thread will be posted by the guests at the aforementioned date and time. Please direct your questions to the AMA thread. Questions in this thread may go unnoticed. . Khap leaders issue threat over SC order. Khan leaders issue threat over SC order: [deleted]. I need 50 developers for our company Nineleaps: Hello /r/India I work as Associate Director of Technology at Nineleaps https//www.nineleaps.com/ a fast growing technology and services company in Bangalore. We build high performance solutions. We have been doubling our headcount past two years we are 150 strong now and plan to double it again this year. We are looking to hire software developers at all levels namely Principal Engineer Software Development Engineer 3 Software Development Engineer 2 Member of Technical Staff freshers Must have Good command over any one programming language Java/Python/C/JavaScript Ability to learn things quickly Good problem solving abilities Be residing in or be willing to relocate to Bangalore we help with relocation for outstation candidates Good to have Knowledge of Reactive programming and frameworks like Vert.x Couchbase Hadoop Kafka Angular.js / React.js Data science and data analysis skills TDD and BDD Capability Based Model We follow a capability based model with roles responsibilities and expectations defined for every role. Anyone who meets those criteria is hired and/or promoted. We give far lesser importance to experience than other companies its the capability which defines your role and career growth. If you are interested to join a fast growing company which high performance solutions working mainly on open source software reach out to us Some links Website https//www.nineleaps.com/ LinkedIn https//in.linkedin.com/company/nineleapstechnologysolutionspvtltd About me https//in.linkedin.com/in/manishchakravarty75492a150 You can email your resume directly to me manish AT nineleaps DOT com I look forward to having you onboard . Im drunkask me questions: My life is depressing. I hate my life.. [R] HSC CS: Im in 12th right now. Upcoming 2 weeks we have practicals for all our subjects. I havent done anything for CS 1amp2. I wanted to know how to do CS 1amp2 in just few days. Are there any websites or books Dont want to know stuff deeply just enough so i can get atleast 3040 marks outof 50. Thank you.. [R] Facebook is quietly sharing data from your WhatsApp for FB ads. Disable it asap.: So I dont use FB but I use Instagram. And few days ago I linked my Primary phone number to my Instagram for security purposes big mistake. And today I randomly clicked on Account settings in my WhatsApp Primary Ph and saw Facebook has enabled Share Data option without my fucking permission or any notice. This didnt exist the last time I checked. As soon as I saw it I disabled it and the option just vanished so couldnt take a screenshot or any proof. Worth noting I have a secondary number not linked to any FB related accountand the share data option didnt show up in this numbers WhatsApp account. Indian SC hasnt specifically told them not to do this and they are talking full advantage of it. Imagine their fucking audacity. Hundreds of millions are sharing their data without knowing. You guys remember when you signed up for WhatsApp they had a Why we dont show ads article linked in the during the sign up Looks like they forgotten it. Fuck this shit.. Ex Maldives P[r]esident Nasheed On behalf of Maldivian people we humbly request India to send envoy backed by its military to release judges amp pol. detainees inc. Prez. Gayoom.. Kerala to protect samaritans helping accident victims. Valentines Day Sex Toys Gifts for Male amp Female in India. Tomorrow is my Software Engineering Paper and I know..: I know that I will rote learn the syllabus today night and will surely score good marks in it. The thing is will I practically know how to do it. No Do the people know I have any interest in it. Hell I have good marks. I am Good in software engineering. The Point I am trying to say When will the time come when People will rise over what marks one has got and will look over what the person capabilities are. What things are he/she good in.. Till then Ratta Maar. . Forbes India 30 Under 30 Heres the list of young and fearless achievers. I am 23 and completely lost in life.: Hi. So heres the deal. I graduated college around 7 months ago saying 7 months instead of a year is a small technicality one that makes me feel a little better so Im going to keep doing it. Anyway I thought I would figure out what I wanted to do and where I wanted to be but I am still completely utterly lost. All I do is sit in my room with my curtains drawn and watch netflix. I have no motivation and I am constantly stressed about not doing anything which in turn leads me to not doing anything. I have been stuck in this cycle of inactivity before it lead to quite a horrible depressive bout where I cried during the day and read incessantly at night barely getting any sleep. One of the worst times in my life. I got out of that rut without losing much but I feel like I will never be able to get out of the rut I am currently in. I honestly need advice and help. Please let me know if youve ever experienced this and the small steps you took to get out of this. I dont know what I am doing. I dont feel like living sometimes. Please help. . Eyewitnesses recount Delhi horror Girls family feigned road rage to kill Ankit Hindustan Times. [Subreddit drama] Choogly being questioned his ethnicity and defenses used for Churchill being a mass killer.: [removed]. Amazing technic to control birds in maize bajra fields. My experience on moving to America : [removed]. [Serious] How to deal with nosy relatives: Okay so as my username clearly states I am being fucked hard by the CA course. Failed to clear the intermediate level of it and my relatives are getting nosy. I was an above average student throughout my life until I joined CA. So its been a party for my extended family watching me fail again and again. I really dont want to deal with their shit right now. I want to focus completely on my upcoming exams. My parents are too polite to ask them to mind their own business. So randians help out a sister in need . 7000 Super Rich Indians Moved Out of India in 2017 16 More Than Previous Year. Spotted in Altered Carbons pilot episode. Indians Still Obsessed With Sons 63 Million Missing Women Economic Survey. There are notionally over 21 million unwanted girls or girls whose parents wanted boys. The Economic Survey notes that the societys main aim should be to consign these odious categories to history. [R] [Np] The talk between potential marriage prospects.: I dont know if there are general things which are discussed in an arranged marriage. I asked around and got a few answers the number of children and when after postgraduate or after how many years the expectations regarding intimacy sex outside of marriage and sexual expectations compatibility pets dogs she should know how to make daal lol personal house/property now and future growth plans u/Madrascalcutta s contributions will the parents be living with the couple for long durations years/decades whether there are any medical conditions I was just wondering what else is spoken about. Thanks again.. Good read A Farewell to Alcohol Reflections of an Imaginary Alcoholic: [deleted]. 3 Arrested After Hindu Man Killed By Muslim Girlfriends Family In Delhi. Indias preference for boys has produced 21 million unwanted girls. Indias metapreference for sons led to 21 million unwanted girls says pink Economic Survey Punjab Haryana worst offenders: [deleted]. Very old very sophisticated tools found in India. The question is Who made them. [P][Serious] What progress has been made by the government on the poll promise of Minimum Government: It started out well by scraping some ministries and combining them into others but it sort of didnt achieve much. AFAIK the actual departments continued to function and there wasnt any attempt at rightsizing. The government also hasnt exited from most of its businesses and continues to operate a lot of loss making PSUs. On a scale of 110 1 being the existing socialist structure on the eve of Mr. Modi taking the office and 10 being a practical limited government that levies some taxes but restricts itself to law and order defence and currency how do you think the current government has performed and what all has been down to deliver on this promise. IMA Depressed and stoned IT worker AMA. Wow AI Big Data Robotics Digital Manufacturing and Quantum computing gets a push: Niti Aayog to launch a national programme in AI research and development AI Big Data Robotics Digital Manufacturing Quantum computing Machine learning IoT 3d printing analytics cyber space etc. The Department of Science and Technology will launch a mission to encourage Big Data Cyber Sec and Robotics with an allocation of Rs 3073 crore. Govt will set up 5 lakh hotspots A Rs 10K crore fund for that Blockchain technology will also be used for Digital transformation. Wow AI Big Data Robotics Digital Manufacturing and Quantum computing gets a push: [deleted]. Wow AI Big Data Robotics Digital Manufacturing and Quantum computing gets a push.: [deleted]. Misinformation and non sense is so widespread that RBI is sending out these messages. [RANT]Why are people on r/India a bunch of hypocrites: [removed]. How many calories does 650 ML Kingfisher Strong has: [deleted]. What are some non politicalnon self promotion indian documentaries every one should watch: suggest me if you can.. Thank you. In a fully crowded Delhi MetroI was smiling and I just turned my head to my right side and saw a girl just for a merely 2 seconds the girl was like Whats the issue . A man was with her and he asked Whats the problem. The girl was like the guy is checking me. I mean seriously WTF.: Had to deboard the metro to avoid any problem Seriously you dont mean anything negative or inappropriate but the other person can make anything out of it. This happened just 5 minutes ago. Edit To all people who are thinking that I was very comfortably creeping her out. One of my hands was holding the pillar and other was holding the top support bar. I couldnt even stand straight properly this amount of crowd was in the metro let alone I would creep a girl out with comfort. . How can i use my paytm walelt money to amazon products: any techie out there who can help me out this Thanks. so frustrated with Indian Governments position on bitcoin.: They have not released any regulation on the Cryptocurrency. there is no clarity on the matter how it should be taxed or is it even legal there is no classification whether it is an asset product or a currency do anyone know any good lawyer who can shine a light on the matter. Dear r/india what life hacks are you using that are actually working in india. Suggest a good wifi internet service in Delhi: will be shifting for studies..what do you suggest Itll be used just by me on my laptop and phones.. If youre disappointed Spotify is not available in India head to Spotify.com and sign up with your email for availability notification email.: It lets them know there is interest in the country and they will definitely mull over introducing it in India. Use a nonVPN IP address so that the geotagged country is India on their backend.. Monthly thread on New Years Resolution check.: Randians been a month since 2018.How are you keeping up with your new years resolutions Share your experiences and also let us all know some best things worth practicing throughout year.. This toilet seat in the Indian Himalayas. How does one lodge a complaint with the cyber crime police [Serious]: [deleted]. Mumbai Sanjay Gandhi National Park set to lose another eight hecta[r]es. Excellent speech by Professor Mangai on Tamil Nationalism Long Video. TheRe is nothing in a fRiendsHip waR . Rabbit Vibrator Miss BI Pink Sex Toys for Women Online in India. Male Enhancer VActiv Penis Power Spray Sex Toys for men Online in India. [R] Travelling to the UK to finish my education what all should I keep in mind. 8monthold girl raped by 28yrold man on life support Police said the child had suffered severe injuries to her vital organs and was on ventilator support at Kalawati Saran Hospital. She was critical at the time of filing of this report as she had undergone several surgeries.. Lets have an open discussion about religion and god. feel free to ask your questions things you find weird in a religion.. [R]I dont know anything about politics where should I start from: Im 20 years old and dont know anything about politics I dont know anything about elections when they are conducted who represents which party and so on and how it works. I know I could revise it by referring to some old civic school textbooks but then also help is highly appreciated. I think after knowing that maybe Ill start understanding it somewhat. I know I was being really ignorant for turning an eye on politics for so long and also try to give me reasons why should I care about politics because sometimes I think its a waste of time and then I remember because of our tax system prices of computer parts like GPU custom CPU coolers are expensive. . Farmer who attempted suicide at Maharashtra secretariat dies at JJ Hospital. TIL of the Ruchika Girhotra case one of the most shocking cases of abuse of power by a government official. Ruchika Girhotra a 14yearold girl was molested by the then Inspector General of Police. 3 years later she was forced to commit suicide because of the pressure and harassment to her family: [Source on the Ruchika Girhotra case ]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RuchikaGirhotracase [ExDGP SPS Rathore Convicted In Ruchika Girhotra Molestation Case Seen At RDay Event]https//www.outlookindia.com/website/story/exdgpspsrathoreconvictedinruchikagirhotramolestationcaseseenatrday/307456 [In the age of hashtag feminism we honoured a cop who molested a child ruined her family ]https//theprint.in/2018/01/29/ruchikagirhotraalivemolestedrathore/ [I was terrorised beaten mercilessly Ruchikas brother ]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/iwasterrorisedbeatenmercilesslyruchikasbrother407552 [Ruchika Girhotra case After 26year fight Anands partially satisfied with verdict ]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/ruchikagirhotracaseafter26yearfightanandspartiallysatisfiedwithverdict/storydCZrufv7x84g8skGn6HbjI.html [When a 14yearold girl killed herself after being molested and harassed by a cop]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/ruchikagirhotramolestationspsrathoreharyana34276920160923 gt 1. On August 12 1990 Shambhu Pratap Singh Rathore a 1966batch IPS officer and then IG of Haryana molested Ruchika Girhotra at the office of the Haryana Lawn Tennis Association. gt 2. Ruchika Girhotra was a brighteyed 14yearold who dreamt of making it big in tennis. gt 3. Ruchika along with her friend Aradhna Prakash were enrolled as trainees at the Haryana Lawn Tennis Association HLTA. gt 4. The two girls had gone to play tennis on the fateful day and had met Rathore in his office. Rathore asked Aradhana to call the tennis coach to his room. He then molested the minor girl when she was left alone with him in his room. gt 5. Rathore released Ruchika only when Aradhna returned to the room and witnessed the shocking incident. gt 6. Ruchikas family and friends were repeatedly harassed by Rathores men and the police after she filed a complaint against Rathore. In fact Ruchika was even expelled from her school Sacred Heart Convent School for indiscipline. gt 7. Her brother Ashu was tortured by Rathores henchmen and was sent to jail in 11 car theft cases. gt 8. After her death and due to constant harassment Ruchikas father and brother had to leave Panchkula. gt 9. On December 28 1993 Ruchika committed suicide by consuming poison. gt 10. On December 21 2009 CBI court gave six months of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1000 to Rathore. However Rathore got bail the same day. . simple pleasures that Udupi has to offer. Former DGP convicted in 1990 molestation case among dignitaries at Republic Day event in Haryana. Late night users of randia what are you doing staying up this late. Growing Up with a Muslim Name These Are Stories I Recognise. Old Song Awara Hoon with english subtitles. [R] Discussion about a normal movie scene.Randians What are your thoughts about the first scene: [deleted]. People of /r/india How many of you were beaten up by parents as kids: The video of the kid being beaten mercilessly brought back some memories from the childhood back. I was once hit by my father when I was 34 years old I had lost consciousness for a few hours was never beaten again by my father. Occasionally was beaten by mother when things were a bit too much on my part. Nothing on the scale of what was shown in the video ever. Maybe a few slaps. But had a couple of friends whose fathers used to beat them like hell. I have seen black eyes impressions of rods on their arms. Once he even managed to pull of bunch of hair from the poor chap. One of the friends father was a borderline psychopath alcoholic beating his mother sister and him like an everyday routine. We were actually scared to go to his home when he was around. What was your childhood like /r/india Apologies in advance if this question brings out too many bad memories.. Which came First Man or Ape. A Calligraphed 200yearold Padmaavat Preserved for Posterity. This is my favourite explanation of what China thinks of themselves from movie Haqeeqat 1965 explained in few dialogues.: These dialogues https//youtu.be/ZxMoNGq4pOs are example of Chinas strategy about India. Every now and then theyve put India in difficult situations where we had to struggle. However every time India has chosen to stand strong against their moves defending ethics and morality. Be it their South China Sea or Arunachl Pradesh claim.. Aadhaar Oxford Dictionarys Hindi Word Of 2017 Beats Mitron Notebandi. Jobs vs business: Pros and cons for bothwhich are you part of Which do you prefer. Shiva withstanding the flood one of the best photos I have seen till now: [deleted]. types of Buddhist stupas. /r/india is 10 years old: Just noted it was created on 25 Jan 2008. We are a decade old community now thanks to all the participants and mods for making it this far. Just thought of sharing. [M] Letter/ Postcard Exchange Proposal for r/India: Hello Humans Long weekend is here and I had a thought lol. Last year a wholesome bunch organized [a letter exchange at r/IndianReaders]https//np.reddit.com/r/IndianReaders/comments/5me4lq/lettersexchange2017/. I was a participant it was a nice change from the routine. Perhaps we can do something like that here Just a proposal to make the community active a bit making acquaintances than indulging in the daily hourly political circlejerk. I am aware of other exchange related subs/ postcrossing etc. This will just for r/India and related subs. Share your ideas/ suggestions/ anything. Cheers and have a great weekend . A rising tide of young people are fighting against the custom of virginity tests in this Indian community. This is when Indians play CSGOmade for fun.: [deleted]. No. I dont think Karni Sena blew up their fellow activists car. Heres why [R]: India Today was the first one to report that Karni Sena men unknowingly set fire to fellow activists car in Bhopal to protest Padmaavat release https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/karnisenamenunknowinglysetfiretofellowactivistscarinbhopaltoprotestpadmaavatrelease115368520180124 They mentioned the Number Plate and the owner The car MP 04 HC 9653 was owned by one Surendra Singh Chauhan who is an activist himself of the Karni Sena. Heres the image of the caption https//imgur.com/a/CwKU4 https//imgur.com/a/tgnud Other clickbait/news websites even the ones that I trusted like DNAIndia posted this story. It all felt too good to be true. So I did a 1MINUTE research. I entered the number plate on the Madhya Pradesh e challan website https//www.mponline.gov.in/Portal/Services/eChallan/eChallanApplication.aspx And this was the result https//imgur.com/a/cjpB5 The car belongs to a Mishra Ji and not Surendra Singh Chauhan as mentioned by the article. I tried commenting on their posts and the facebook pages that were featuring this story but oh well. Told this to my friends but they called me a party pooper. So much for trying to find the truth. EDIT now Im not even sure which database is correct since MPARIVAHAN shows a different owner. A female owner.. ow To Setup New Sony A7S II In Hindi Sony A7S II Top 10 Features For Wedding Cinematographers [R]. Lets spread positivity today.. what do you love about india. Incredible India Stories: Lets share with fellow randians experiences stories that inspire and makes us feel good and proud. . Why was there a gap of two months between the Indian constitution being adopted and coming into effect on 26 Jan 1950 /xpost r/AskHistorians: What happened between 26 Nov 1949 and 26 Jan 1950 . Watch Bruce Lee and Jiddu Krishnamurti on YouTube. A statue of Gautama Buddha at Nalanda in 1895. The Udupi Paryaya tableaux. Hamaari kami tumko Mahsoos hogi. Everteen Intimate Wash Sex Toys for Women Online in India. Male Enhancer XXL Spray Stabilizer for Strong Erection Sex Toys for men Online. [R] Advice How do I get into Radio: Hey guys. Im a software engineer in Delhi and Ive been told I have a voice for the radio several times. If I am to admit it I do have a voice that sounds better over the phone or a mic. But is that enough How do I get into radio I dont have any experience in these things. What can I do Please advise. hey randian guys when will your menopause starts: I am guy and mine started when I was 12. [R] What is preventing mass adoption of solar panels at homes in India: Is cost the only issue. I made a video Debunking Gravity theft by Newton [R]. I made video debunking Gravity theft by Newton [R]. [R]Looking for recommendations for wedding photographers: Hey all as my impending doom is looms closer. Im required to collect evidence for the future yes you guessed right Im getting married. Im looking for good wedding photographers could you let me know where to start off or if you know someone you could post the link here. Thanks in advance [Edit] The location of the wedding is Bangalore. [Announcement] AMA on Aadhaar featuring Anand Venkatanarayanan Anivar Aravind Anjali Bharadwaj Chinmayi Arun Kiran Jonalgadda Nikhil Pahwa Prasanna S Reetika Khera Saikat Datta amp Thejesh GN. Starts on Thursday 25th January 7 PM IST: Hello /r/India As the Aadhaar case rages on in Supreme Court the updates coming out of court are making it quite obvious that Aadhaar is extremely widespread in nature and there are many many problems. So to explain those multiple issues ranging from tech legal implementation privacy security and policy we will be hosting an AMA with the intention of bringing a bunch of people who have been working on exposing Aadhaar flaws and helping with the SC case directly/indirectly. The lineup of participants is [Anand Venkatanarayanan]https//twitter.com/iamanandv Developer [Anivar Aravind]https//twitter.com/anivar Infosec researcher Indic Project [Anjali Bharadwaj]https//www.theigc.org/person/anjalibharadwaj/ Satark Nagrik Sangathan [Chinmayi Arun]https//twitter.com/chinmayiarun Centre for Communication Governance at NLU Delhi [Kiran Jonnalagadda]https//twitter.com/jackerhack Internet Freedom Foundation amp Hasgeek [Nikhil Pahwa]https//twitter.com/nixxin Internet Freedom Foundation amp Medianama [Prasanna S]https//twitter.com/prasannas Lawyer [Reetika Khera]http//hss.iitd.ac.in/faculty/reetikakhera Economist amp Social Scientist IITDelhi [Saikat Datta]https//twitter.com/saikatd Journalist amp National Security Researcher [Thejesh GN]https//twitter.com/thej Developer Date amp Time Thursday 25th January 7 pm This AMA is organized by /u/kumbhakaran. Note that this is the announcement post. The actual AMA thread will be posted on the aforementioned date and time please direct your questions to that thread. Since there will be multiple guests on the AMA we will assign custom CSS flairs to them so that you guys can see who is who. Also given the importance of the topic and the potential volume of conversation that might get generated we will keep the AMA thread live and pinned for longer than usual. We look forward to your participation. Please help us save the animals at National Law School of India University Bangalore: Hey guys Were the Society for NonHuman Persons SNHP a student run committee at NLSIU Bangalore that works to help the animals living on our campus and spread awareness about animal law. In January of last year we organized an Animal Rights PIL Competition the first of its kind in India. Recently despite our best efforts a lot of animals on campus have fallen sick and some have even passed away. Though weve tried our best to help them were constrained in the amount of help we can provide as we do not get any institutional support and all the costs for treatment are borne by the committee members or raised through donation drives in college. Unfortunately this month there was a distemper outbreak on campus and one dog and three puppies succumbed to it. Distemper is an incurable disease and a dog goes through unimaginable suffering before falling victim to it. As its incurable the only way to stop it is to the get the dogs vaccinated. Weve gotten the first round of vaccination done but at least two more rounds are required before the dogs are safe from all danger. A detailed account of the money required is provided in the campaign below with further details so please do check it out. Please donate and spread the word. The animals need all the help they can get. Heres the link to the campaign https//www.ketto.org/fundraiser/SNHP Heres the link to our FB page https//www.facebook.com/SNHPNLS/ And heres info about the event we held last year https//www.facebook.com/NLSAPPC2017/ . 5 honeytrap gangs busted in 4 days false rape cases also on rise in Haryana. Kerala 47 dead due to cyclone Ockhi in Kerala 188 missing Police.: [deleted]. Too much political posts here: [removed]. [R] Aadhar holdouts what will you do if SCI upholds the mandatory nature of Aadhar: I dont know what I will do. I mean in an ideal world Id rather be in contempt of court than submit my biometrics to the UIDAI. Shyam Divan is making some very good arguments against Aadhar. Im worried about how the AG will counter on behalf of the government.. Too much political posts in this subreddit: [removed]. 2 new world class trains to cut travel time by 20. Mumbai Foetus thrown from Malad highrise. Cops clueless even after four days as CCTV fails to capture location from where it was tossed.. Has anyone heard of RPOE reverse power adapter that Airtel guys are offering these days Any idea what it is. A[r]e you working for a startup: Hi Guys as a followup to my previous post it turns out I cant move out of country without getting a really low paying high risk job. I figured I am much more better off working in a startup even if they are really early stage ones. If any of you can connect a brother with a good opportunity in a startup I will PM you my resume. I have a strong experience in salespartnerships but I also understand in a startup you could end up doing a lot of other things as well EDIT I am willing to relocate to any major city in the country and I am in Gujarat rn. . India will be opendefecation free before Lok Sabha polls Govt. love is the answer.. KHUJLI A Short Film. Watch Kalki Speaks on why Bollywood Actresses dont Speak about Sexual Harassment. Beware of cheaters.. [NP] What can someone do with my Aadhar number: Just trying to understand the impact of these data leaks at three levels. Level 1 What can someone do without my only my Adhaar number Level 2What can they do with basic info like name address bank ac number etc Level 3 Finally what can they do with biometrics And can they hacked UIDAI has mentioned that it is impossible to access bio metrics in a hack. Would love to knowledge your thoughts on the same . Delaying Spray ERO Long Power Marathon Spray Sex Toys for men Online. Clitoral Vibrator Pro Penguin Next Generation Sex Toys for Women Online in India. India Events of 2017 Human Rights Watch. Fellow Randians: [removed]. PSA Amazon.in Buries and / or Blocks Useful Reviews that may Reduce Sale: Somebody mentioned the great Amazon sale coming up at a social gathering and one of them shared this [review that Amazon blocked and did not publish]https//imgur.com/a/memnr. The item was purchased through CloudTail in a lightning deal but they sent an Open Box Item a new product that has been opened may or may not be used and returned by the buyer back to Amazon. After filing a return request Amazon India took a surprisingly long time to send a replacement a week or so. When the replacement product arrived it became clear why there was a delay they had again sent an open box item returned by somebody but it could no longer be returned as the return window period was over The review posted describes this but Amazon ofcourse found it wanting ... Someone else then pointed to another incident where Amazons Review manipulation to bury useful reviews critical of Amazon and the product / brand seemed to be very evident. This particular [review that was buried was once the top review for this very popular product]https//imgur.com/a/siEZR 60 out of 72 people upvoted it for a long time. But when the review was updated with information that the buyers would find very helpful and would definitely make them think twice of buying from Amazon the review was buried and you will now be hard pressed to find it on the [Amazon product page]https//www.amazon.in/TPLinkTLWR841N300MbpsWirelessNRouter/dp/B001FWYGJS/ among the 11000 reviews that it has.. The Central Secretariat building Delhi lit up in preparation of the Republic Day. Exchange with /r/Malaysia: Welcome /r/Malaysia Please feel free to submit your questions/comments/observations about India and her people. Or just say hello To our desi brethren /r/Malaysia is hosting us [here]https//www.reddit.com/r/malaysia/comments/7rhuld/namasterindiaselamatdatangandwelcometoour/. Be nice to them Please observe general Reddit rules and subredditspecific rules/guidelines.. [R] Should I quit my job [RANT included]: I work in a Pvt Ltd mfg company in the marketing department. I am starting to hate it. Constant phone calls constant lying to customers office politics shitty work environment no system in the company whatsoever. My boss is a weird guy. Hes moody and has a different mindset altogether. He always fights with people scolds me badly for things I wasnt even responsible for. He has a technique of training new people which is scolding in front of everyone. Apparently it makes the person learn quickly. That I feel can be humiliating. He has done this to me a lot of times. There are only a few good things that I like otherwise hes a shitty guy. All my work is on Excel Outlook and WhatsApp. I keep having thoughts about my work even when I come home from the office. I observed that I was constantly talking to myself about work. I dread to see my company phone light up with calls. And this is really something that I dont want. I have realized that there is no future in the company. I dread having to go to work everyday because I have to keep facing all of this everyday. Fun fact My salary of the last 2 months is due. Once there was a strike in our company and we had to do all the work usual workers would do. We had to load the trucks dip our hands in oil for packing components run machines for straight 6 hrs after all that. I am a Mechanical Engineering undergraduate and I had joined the company for gaining experience since I was a fresher. Turns out I had the worst experience ever. Heres the twist I have no job lined up after I quit this job. I have an interview at Overdrive India which Im too unsure about as they have shortlisted from all over the country. Should I quit the job It is getting too much to handle day by day. TLDR hate my current job and the company to the core no job lined up ahead clueless. . What we tell our children At fast anniversary kids speak out on Gandhi. [R] A friend is looking to get a kidney transplant. We are raising money for it. Please help any which way you can.: She is a national level cyclist and a single mother of two. She is currently on dialysis. I am sharing crowdfunding link here https//milaap.org/fundraisers/helproshinrideagainutmsourcewhatsappamputmmediumfundraiserstitleampmlpreferrerid617452 You can ask for more information if you need or contact people at the site mentioned above. Any help is appreciated.. [R] A friend is looking to get a kidney transplant. We are raising money for it. Please help any which way you can.: I am sharing FB and crowdfunding link here https//www.facebook.com/saveroshin/notifid1516123477582682ampnotiftpageinvite https//milaap.org/fundraisers/helproshinrideagainutmsourcewhatsappamputmmediumfundraiserstitleampmlpreferrerid617452 You can ask for more information if you need or contact people at the sites mentioned above. Any help is appreciated. . Weekly Support Thread Mental Health: The thread is back For those whove been wanting to get something out reach out discover. This thread is for you all we all have each other If theres ANYTHING you want to say or ask write it down. Were no professional therapists hereeven though we do have pros in the comments and whatnot but were more than happy to hear you out and are ever willing to help in any way you can. As always if you feel that you cannot share something here or would prefer to share it on Telegram or in PM contact u/chaoticindianme u/doctwothirty u/oxeam . Dear [R]andia Please provide guidance for my younger brother.: Details CS Engineering Graduate from a Tier 3 engineering college in 2017. He has completed training in JAVA and related technology for around 6 months and have been searching for jobs ever since. He has decent command over Java and ready to learn further. AMCAT and Elitmus has not been of much help. 1. What should be the future course of action for him 2. Should i ask him to move to bangalore and do some certification course which will can help him with the job search. Please provide guidance as i cannot see him go through this turmoil. Jobs for freshers are really tough and pay amp terms are really pathetic. Requesting everyone to please share their input. . People who has tried indian beaches how was your experience: Have you noticed oil alike thing sticking on your skin after jumping on the sea have you observed jet skies leaking oil share your experience . [R] Can someone Eli5 to me the Privacy concern regarding Aadhar: I mean I wasnt much concerned about it neither I saw anyone that I personally know before I started visiting this subreddit. But this made me to be skeptical about it now. I am also not a coder but is it not possible to isolate sensitive information like fingerprints or iris etc in a sandbox type of server which can only output match or no match whether given sensitive information is queried along with the aadhar number. My thoughts on the quota system in India.: Hey guys. Recently i was debating with a friend about the quota system in India. These are just my thoughts and suggestions and i hope you can openly tell me where i am wrong rather than hating. Also i might have strayed from the topic a bit but i just wanted to convey my thoughts. Hope you read them. Thanks 1. The current problem with quota system in college is that it should be non existent for admissions. Scholarships should be open for women and any other ECONOMICALLY backward catagories. Including women because parents in India tend to spend less on girls. Admission in higher education classes is not the right way to educate the youth. 2. Primary education should be made compulsory for everyone under 16 and it should be illegal for parents to hold back their children at home. I dont know if there are any laws already governing this but im preety sure they arent being followed strictly. 3. Teachers should be paid higher salaries infrastructure should be improved Not fucking CCTV cameras. They wont do shit and syllabus should be improved a lot. The syllabus in India is like Study whatever we tell you. Oh you wanna learn something new that can help everyone if you become better at it since you are already talented Yea Fuck you 4. Instead of making new categories of quota the main focous should be reducing them not increasing their no. What the government is accomplishing in creating more categories is dividing people in more groups who will roit if you steal their Birthright. I had a friend who had quota but he refuesed and when i asked him why he told me that his parents are providing him enough support and he doesnt need a quota to be successful in life. 5. Quota should be provided to disabled people. Its not their fault that they have a disability. They would have lived a normal life if not for their disability. Edit My thoughts are based on school and admission system because im 17 and havent yet seen the job selection criteria etc.. HELP My friend got molested after a late night hangout with her office coworker: [deleted]. Any other guys with phimosis: Throwaway for obvious reasons. I dont know where else to turn and r/india is a cool place. I am 21 and I think I have a mild form of phimosis. Basically I can pull the skin back over the head and beyond easily when I am flaccid but when erect I cant do it unless I use some force to pull it over the head. Even then it feels a bit tight. And it becomes hard to roll it back up once again until it gets flaccid again. I feel this is an embarassing problem to talk to my parents with and that is not an option. I plan to visit a urologist when I am a bit older. Can anyone from r/india tell me if they have ever been to similar position and what stretching exercises can help . People of India who fell into a career/job they like and were previously in a bad environment...How did you choose: So this is going to be a long post. I graduated in 2016. Joined an IT company. Never wanted to but parents suggested it would be better for the time being rather than being unemployed. Reluctantly joined. Got a support project. An OK team bad managerwhen is it not. I was simultaneously preparing for GMAT. After three attempts scored a 710. It was hectic trying to prepare for this. As part of the project had to complete a morning shift every month2 weekend shifts. Job fucking sucks big time. Initially I was pretty interested in doing my work had taken up to creating a few simple automations.NET codelibraries. Manager appreciated. 80 of the time there is literally no worthwhile workits either creating excel reports or checking infrastructure and application issues. Frankly I had done the automation just to show that I am capable of good work. But then as my GMAT date started to get near I was purposefully slacking off at worktaking a bit to many breaks excusing myself from the lunch table not investigating major issues. Now after 1 year since I joined and 3 months since I last wrote my GMAT I am just miserable. With the slacking off I stopped asking to many doubts from my seniors. As a result now when Im trying to make a comebackget into work properly again and ask any doubts to my seniors they just give me a disappointed look some even say Hah its been 1 year and you dont know this with a high voice just so the manager or TL can hear. There have been many such instances off late perhaps they just found out that I was slacking. Also the systems are so big no matter how much I ask the seniors never give a complete answer. They have quite a lot of knowledge since some have been here since the project began.Ok understandable knowledge is power. But for me it feels like Ive hit a wall. I feel ashamed even trapped. Im much more knowledgeable and intelligent given the right resources. Now I feel puny. I am confused. The pay is shit. I always dreamt of going on a trip or stay in a better place. But the payminus savings is just enough to make ends meet. I dont want to borrow money from my parents as theyd have to fund my college studies if I get through a good BSchoolabroad or India. Now Im contemplating leaving and have started to find out what skills I may need to switch I thought life would give me a break. study through college study while on job study for a new job no boyfriend/girlfriend shit pay no travel parents expectations my expectations. Lie is just becoming some routine shit. I am becoming what I feared. When I came to the workplace someone told me you see all these managers your manager...all these soulless lacklustre beat by life people Dont be them Dont be complacent dont loose that inner child.... a year into the job I guess Im getting depressed. Im starting to loose hope. All my life Ive been told pad lo accha mark le lo life set got a job MBA ki thaiyari because life mein kya karna hai woh to tumhe pata nahin na. Hell even after GMATwhen I was happy about my score I did not get a break. In fact what follows GMAT is even more of a hellCollege applications and making those fucking essays. Im turning into an empty shell. Inescapably. What life is this. finding a job jut because Im capable of doing somethingimmaterial of whether I like it or not. I just cannot find meaning in my life and thats fucking miserable So people of India who are in their dream job a job that he/she wants not because he/she has to have one and is emotionally and mentally happy doing.... how did you fall into this pretty green patch How did you decide what career/job you wanted and what steps did you take professionally personally emotionaly and mentally What were your circumstances ladka/ladki dekhna family financial security true calling ... kulcha. Announcement Cultural Exchange with /r/Malaysia 19th January 2018: Hello /r/India We will be hosting /r/Malaysia on 530 PM IST 8.00 PM MYT on Friday 19th January 2018. In case you are not familiar this is how it will work. There will be two threads one on our sub where members of /r/Malaysia can submit their questions and such. Similarly there will be a thread over at /r/Malaysia where you guys can go and post questions and such. General rules of Reddit and subreddit specific rules/guidelines will be applied. . Announcement Cultural Exchange with /r/Malayasia 19th January 2018: [deleted]. Bullet Vibrator Mini Lipstick Vibrator Sex Toys for Women Online in India. Rajdhani passengers thrash IRCTC staffer to paralysis. Native seeds are key to food security: [deleted]. UPSC NDA and NA examination 2018 Apply Online for 415 vacancies Online Form: [removed]. Organic Cold Pressed Edible Oil: [deleted]. Keralas First Openly Gay Muslim Man Says Scrapping Section 377 Wont Do Much. Being gay and practising his religion has now proved to be a task for Unais who no longer attends prayers at the mosque something that has been an important part of his growing up.. As the SC Aadhaar hearing commences today Gormint is going propaganda crazy on Social Media.: Hello /r/india Gormint amp UIDAI seem to be pulling out all stops and preparing to go crazy on Twitter. Theyve already started an orchestrated trend called AadhaarMythBuster. Myth Lies And Aadhaar has SO many of those around it. Heres an idea pull out all the lies that UIDAI amp Gormint has put out over the past few years and tweet using AadhaarMythBuster. Theyve already done us a favor by making it the top trend. Fun. Do help out if you can. NOTE PLEASE DONT GET PERSONAL. CRITICIZE AADHAAR NOT THE PEOPLE. Cheers EDIT Follow gautambhatia88 and prasannas for live updates on the Aadhaar hearing in SC. Theyre live tweeting everything happening in court. EDIT 2 [Complete opening statement on behalf of petitioners.]https//drive.google.com/file/d/11z2SiKQHODCXMkVzVaxlqadrWni4xP3/view. /r/india is a masters degree worth it and those of you who went for it after workex did you find it enriching: I have close to 10 years of work experience in IT and consulting having worked for 2 IT firms and 2 big four. May acads are average. Though life is good I am not really happy with my profile and would like to change it. I live in USA and have decided against MS as it will lead to a permanent stay in this country. MBA seems like a better option either in India or Singapore. What are my chances Those of you who did MBA was it worth the hassle and what are some of the pitfalls I should be aware of Throwaway for obvious reasons.. Who the fk throws acid on dogs in india. Cant beat the pronunciation amp verve in this. Indian Hindu Man Adopts Destitute Muslim Girl Raises Her As A Devout Muslim And Marries Her Off The Islamic Way. Buy Rallison LPG Gas Stove Online in India. Idea Customer Care Says My 6 Years Old Number Would be Deactivated in a Week If I Dont Submit My AADHAAR Details: Pretty much what the title says. I asked the personnel isnt the deadline is 31st March he says they have got the instructions from govt to deactivate number not linked. Not sure if he was lying considering the deadline is 31st March. May be he was scaring me into submitting this considering I have a postpaid number. Why would govt give telcos instructions if the matter is pending in Supreme Court. I had to reluctantly gave in and link my bank accounts with aadhaar. I dont Want to link my phone number with addhaar because this number is linked with my accounts. I would be royally screwed up if my data is breached. Fuck privacy but who the fuck would compensate if my data is breached and my money is stolen. It doesnt even make sense why govt would do that. You want AADHAAR to make govt welfare programs thats fair but why the fuck push aadhaar for every goddamn thing. I had a bit of hope with judiciary but seems there is already a fixing in Supreme Court too. . 26 Students Committed Suicide Every Day In 2016. [dont recharge this pack] jio is not refunding my money: basically i wanted to send sms beyond my 100 limit so i recharged this For Prepaid SMS pack Voucher charge Rs 201 Benefits Rs 175.10 The value can be utilised for sending person to person local/national messages at 85paise/SMS and international messages at Rs.5/SMS Validity 28 days Service Tax Rs 26.22 https//www.jio.com/enin/faq/dataisdsmspacks/whatisthesmspackavailablewithjio.html so as you can see official link says its a sms pack. Update They confirmed me that this is a misinformation. 2nd update they told me this is an expired plan. now they are arguing with me that its my fault that i googled about sms pack and found that link and recharged it but when money got deducted i got sms that its actually an add on pack i cant find this rs201 from this link https//www.jio.com/enin/4gplans so i have complained about it and they are still not refunding my money any idea what to do now. EFFECT OF STUDY HABITS ON ACADEMIC ANXIETY THE WHAT AND WHAT TO DO. [Help] Birth control recommendation to stop periods altogether: Hello randians. Using alt for privacy. Im a 24yo woman who is looking for birthcontrol pills which can greatly decrease the frequency or stop my periods altogether. I havent and wont ever want to have kids and would prefer a life without the pain nausea cramps and mood swings. My period is basically of no use to me except hindering my plans and telling me that I am not pregnant yet. Its already been well established that it isnt necessary to menstruate. [\[1\]]https//splinternews.com/isitreallyoktonevergetyourperiod1793857972 [\[2\]]https//www.webmd.com/sex/birthcontrol/features/nomoreperiods1 US has pills like the Lybrel or the countless other noplaceboonlyactive pills. Is there any counterpart available in India If no is there something like the Mirena IUD which also gives a similar result Id prefer a pill but if its not feasible I probably would have to go with an IUD. Thanks. EDIT Or in the worst case is there any monophasic pill out there which I might be able to take continuously without skipping for the 7 days Ive only used Unwanted21. Not sure if I should do this with it or not. EDIT 2 Gonna take the threads advice and see an obgyn. Thanks a lot. . Five Questions We Have to Ask Before the BirlaSahara Payoff Case is Buried Forever [by Prashant Bhushan on 11/04/2017]. Dreamlike.. [Help] Birth control recommendation to stop periods altogether. 75 of Indias air pollutionrelated deaths are rural. Fresh and Explosive Claims Demand Probe of Judge Loyas death. Randians which is the best bank to open a new zero balance account in your opinion . Rebuilding on the Beatles an Ashram in India Hopes for Revival. Makara Sankranti 2018 A Time of Change Sadhguru. Sankranti Pongal Bihu and Saen Kraat unite India. Rubber Atta Flour: So after our own little experiment my family and I have found that the video of the rubber atta that is going viral on social media is real. Though the atta in the video is Sher Atta the flour we used was Millstream Punjabi style atta. After about 2 minutes under the water all the flour came out and it became a rubbery substance. Please test out your flour and if it turns into a rubbery substance after then please report it to your health department or to the company from which your flour came from. What will consume less electricity per day in india: 2x 75watt fans Or 1 split a.c. A.c users how much bill gap did you see after upgrading. Open Brokerage Account Systematic Investment Plan SIP Account Online. How a Kerala Woman Made History By Becoming Indias 1st Female Supreme Court Judge. Journey Of A Nation 2002 to 2018. The [R]eal Winston Churchill. Any idea how to set this flute song as jio caller tune: https//youtu.be/j2QX6Vyj1jI Im trying to find this on jio music.. Is there any way to set a custom tune. What kind of religion Indian sindhis follow: [deleted]. [R] After yesterdays twitter assault on Aadhar Bridge Khosla Labs has removed the Aadhar Bridge repository from public view on Github.: https//github.com/khoslalabs/aadhaarbridge results in a 404. I suppose Khosla Labs couldnt handle the criticism leveled against them and the new media reports probably did not help either. I wonder how UIDAI is going to handle this.. What are some online ways you have used to pick up girls: in india share few websites and how was your experience . What are some online ways you have used to pick up girls. Who am I An insight into oneself. Buy Rallison Roti Or Chapati Maker Machine Online in India. Male Enhancer Active Power Cream For Him. Buy Jam Mini Pink Vibrating dildo Online in India. Chewing Paan is Healthy for you it helps cut Diabetes Cancer and Depression Risks. [1 Feb 2014] Julian Assange opens up on Indian Govts reaction to WikiLeaks. In a first Collegium Recommends woman advocate for Direct Appointment as SC judge. So Karnataka State elections are due in March A follow up with Focus on Bengalu[R]u: Hi Everyone About two weeks ago I had posted an experience I had when I visited Bangalore after a long time you can [read it here]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7luv7c/sokarnatakastateelectionsaredueinmarchan/. I did some homework basically making a list of Parliamentary which is broken down into Assembly constituencies. If youve been attending u/kumbakaran s and other classes this should be easy then. Karnataka will be going to polls for the Assembly Constituencies in March 2018. Given below is a list of candidates along with the parties they represent in each of the constituencies. I have provided the sources used below so if your constituency does not fall in this list you can use the steps to track down your MLA. These people/parties will come to you soon to beg for votes. IIRC now is the only time you can get some work done out of them before elections. There is a good chance that Karnataka results may be a question mark coalition or hung. We all know then no work will get done. Send an email or contact them I am not providing this I guess you can do the last bit. Also that may be doxxing and let them know what needs doing in your area. I know we all think our politicians are worthless but for our state/city a small email/contact is worth the shot. Perhaps youll atleast get 2nd grade asphalt to hug for the next few years Do what you want with this information if you will. I am promoting any party or person. I am asking for us to ask our own Reps to get to work. That should not be a sin. Parliamentary Constituency Rep MP Assembly Con. Rep. MLA Bengaluru Rural D K Suresh INC Kunigal D. Nagarajaiah JDs text . Anekal SC B.Shivanna INC text . R R Nagar Munirathna INC text . Kanakapura D. K. Shivakumar INC text . Magadi H. C. Balakrishna JDs text . Channapatna C. P. Yogeshwar INC text . Bangalore South M Krishnappa INC text . Ramanagaram H. D. KumaraswamyJDs text Bengaluru North D.V Sadananda Gowda BJP K.R.Pura B. A. Basavaraja INC text . Dasarahalli S. Muniraju BJP text . Hebbal Y.A.Narayanasamy BJP text . Byatarayanapura Krishna Byre Gowda INC text . Mahalakshmi Layout Gopalaiah K. JDs text . Pulakeshinagar SC Akhanda Srinivas Murhty .R JDs text . Yeshvanthapura S. T. Somashekar INC text . Malleshwaram Dr. C.N. Ashwath Narayan BJP text Bangalore Central P.C. Mohan BJP Sarvagnanagar K. J. George INC text . Shanti Nagar N. A. Haris INC text . Chamrajpet B. Z. Zameer Ahmed Khan JDs text . C.V. Raman Nagar SC S. Raghu BJP text . Gandhi Nagar Dinesh Gundu Rao INC text . Mahadevapura SC Aravind Limbavali BJP text . Shivajinagar R. Roshan Baig INC text . Rajaji Nagar S. Suresh Kumar BJP text Bangalore South Ananth Kumar BJP Govindraj Nagar Priya Krishna INC text . Vijay Nagar M. Krishnappa INC text . Chickpet R. V. Devraj INC text . Basavanagudi L.A.Ravi Subramanya BJP text . Padmanaba Nagar R. Ashoka BJP text . B.T.M. Layout Ramalinga Reddy INC text . Jayanagar BN Vijaya Kumar BJP text . Bommanahalli Satish Reddy .M BJP text How to Track down your rep Do you know your Parliamentary Constituency If you know your Assembly skip to Step 4 1. Search [Parliamentary C. here]http//www.mapsofindia.com/parliamentaryconstituencies/karnataka/ 2. Click on the constituency which you think is the most likely place to have your house address. 3. Parliamentary Constituencies. are divided into smaller Assemblies. You can scroll down to find what assemblies are inside a Parl. C. Check if your assembly is within this constituency. 4. Use this link to [identify your MLA]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KarnatakaLegislativeAssembly along with his/her party. 5. Use this link to [know more about our MLA]https//nocorruption.in/state/karnataka/ 6. For anything more please ask/google spread awareness. Cheers M Remember the MLA/MP wont work for you. You have to get them to work for you thats the way we the people must play politics in a nutshell. P.S Sorry if there are any errors.. Saw an ad of a pimp who provides a tamil actress. Need a little help.: [removed]. Hidden talent of an Indian boy // Playing Jaba Gana with kitchen tools. Share a Smile An Introduction [Rediquette]: Hi All This is One of the Volunteers of Share a Smile we are looking for active volunteers who will be interested in sharing a smile with the needy we are operating in Hyderabad Delhi Bangalore for now helping deserving NGOs We collect clothes Groceries Medicines Health care products and distribute along with this we also spend time in Fun little way by engaging the Kids / old people . Some of the organisations we work with cater to specific areas Children left in Busstands / Railway stations kids without family / parents Suffering from terminal illnesses HIV Mentally retarded kids blind children ... Our focus has always been to help and bring smile that we all cherish. We dont take money / Donations we channel directly to them depending on who needs it more It will be given by you. We dont come anywhere with respect to money. Link is for our temporary fb page until we redirect it to the main page in making There are many precious moments and I hope some of you will be interested to spend some time with us and our kids Thank You [Share a Smile]http//smilespread.org. [NP] My 13yearold Doggo is really possessive about his new Ball youre not allowed to touch it Randia. Amazing Opportunities for Youth of Uttar Pradesh: [removed]. Happy Birthday Hrithik Roshan. dealing with suicidal ideation in light of the blue whale challenge. In India One Student Commits Suicide Every 55 Minutes. Yet Depression Is Conveniently Ignored. [AskIndia]People whose parents had cheated on their partners how did that work out in the long run How did that affect your relationship with them: Are they still together Did they separate How is their relationship now How is your relationships with them now Edit Changing to Reddiquette coz of the subject matter. Happy Birthday Hrithik Roshan. Happy Birthday Kalki Koechlin. Residential Portable Generator Market InDepth Analysis Cost Structure Trend Dynamics ampamp Forecast Study 2022. Cant post proof but have been seeing ads by Anant Ambani fan club on YouTube before videos playing.: Yes complete with the Jurassic park theme music and sounds of squeaky mics or shoes . Reddit I think Im going to die. Please help me: I was born in 1993 in a sikh family. I am very good in studies. I scored 95 in 12th standard and 80 in B.sc Physics Honours from Delhi University. Im not flaunting in any way. I just want to tell you everything. Maybe you can help me. After my graduation i started preparing for civil services. I cleared prelims in my first attempt wrote MAINS failed. I cleared prelims again this year wrote MAINS waiting for result which might be out this week. Although i was born into a sikh family. Im not at all religious. My mother on the other hand is very religious. She teaches gurbani in the gurudwara every evening. From my childhood shes taught me about our religion our gurus our history. She even made me take harmonium and tabla classes. Well thats good actually. I didnt mind any of that. One must be well aware of their roots. I was little dependent and didnt have much of a free thought. Then one day she got me baptised in a gurudwara. Just in case you dont know a baptised sikh has to follow the sikh code of conduct strictly. A baptised sikh must always have the 5 Ks. 1 Kesh uncut hair. You cant cut your hair from any part of your body or damage them in any way. 2 kada a silver bracelet worn on the right hand. 3 kanga a comb which must always be kept in the head. 4 kacchera a long underwear which must always be worn at all times 5Kirpan a dagger which must be worn at all times. and a host of other restrictions. I was under her influence all the time. I did what was required of a baptised sikh. Lived by the restrictions. She was happy and that made me happy. I loved her. I always did. Then in the summer of 2011 I got admission in Delhi University. She was reluctant to send me to delhi. I couldnt understand her reluctance.But seeing that it was my only option to pursue further studies from she sent me. She made take the holy book with me so that i can read it before going to college. I was just out of the shell. But still i followed the religion very diligently. Recited prayers every morning wore the 5 ks read the holy book and so on. But as months passed by i started to question the restrictions that had been put on me. I didnt have a problem with the religion. Sikhism is a beautiful religion but the code of conduct it made me start to hate my religion. I didnt like the way i looked. My uncut beard mustache my thick unibrow hair poking out of nose and uncontrolled growth on practically every part of my body. I removed the kirpaan the kada and the kangacomb in my third year. I had started trimingvery mildly my mustache and the hair on my neck. I had stopped believing in religions. I renounced sikhism. Although theres no official way to do it but once you start cutting your hair you arent a sikh anymore. I used to cry in bed every night because i knew my mother wont accept me like this. I used to keep a pillow on my face and cry my heart out every night. I had started comprehending suicide. I had started losing weight. When i came back from delhi after completing my studies my mom fainted and fell to the floor when she saw me. I still had hair on my head i never cut that but she saw my trimmed mustache and fell. We picked her up and lay her on the bed. She was unable to speak. After a few days she came to me crying started kissing my feet. She started begging me to not cut my hair. I was shocked to see her like that. I wanted to keep her happy i loved her but she loved me because of my hair not because i was her kid. I started crying too. I still didnt stop cutting my hair after that incident. My mum used to go to the bathroom and used to pick my cut hair from the floor and cry. WHAT KIND OF LOVE IS THIS The more i saw her like that the more i started dying from the inside. She used to faint and fall on the floor frequently. My speech had slowed. I had stopped talkingas a result of which i had started to lose my voice. I had to try really hard to make any sound. I had started losing weight my hair had started falling my movements had slowed down my vision had blurred my apetite nil and i used to vomit almost every day. A few months back I was diagnosed with severe depression. I fell into depression because i wasnt being allowed to live my life the way i wanted it. I fell into depression because I couldnt see my mother like that. My medication started. I gained weight. A lot than normal. I have a bloated stomach now. My face has become fat. My knees are getting weak because of my increasing weight. I am alive. Physically. But inside i am dead. My mother cries every day. Its taken a toll on her. She needs sleeping pills every night else she cant sleep. Her apetite has decreased. She feels nauseas. I think this is when a person decides to end it all. I have no way out of this mess. Id rather die than have any restrictions put on me. I wanted to live free. I cant. Please somebody please help me.I dont want to be a sikh. I just want to be a good human being with a freewill. Please help me. Please.. [R] Need help choosing PS4 games: Hi everyone I just got a 2nd hand PS4 and was wondering if there are any good deals online for games between 1k to 2k. Sandbox style games with open world preferred with emphasis on story arcs. No shooters though.. You guys playing anything currently. Male Masturbator Vibrating Vagina Sex Toy Bronze Sex Toys for men Online. Karnataka Warden beats up Class X girl accuses her of being a lesbian. Kerala Transgender molested asked to show genitals in public. Buy Rabbit Vibrator Pink Bunny Sex Toys for Women in India Online. A.R. Rahman honoured to be face of Sikkim. SC remarks on Section 377 are a ray of hope Decriminalising homosexuality will end gloom for LGBTQs. Section 377 Supreme Court to revisit 2013 judgment refers matter to larger bench. Rallison Wet Grinders Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. Why do Indians believe everything they are told asks J. Mathrubootham [Aug 2017]. [R] [Noob question]Can we use blockchain for Aadhaar database: Just a thought.. Dowry is a Custom to GET ELIGIBLE BACHELOR. [R] People vs UIDAI. Moving out at the age of 29 is this a good idea: I applied for Canada pr visa last year and I got it as well. Although I am happy that I got a chance to go to a new country I cant help but feel dreadful of the fact the that I would be going to a foreign country and would be literally starting from zero. And furthermore I feel old as fuck and I dont know whether I would be able to make it there at this age. I have quit my comfortable job here in India and right now am serving my notice period. I am feeling really hopeless as the days go by. I would be moving to Canada in March and I am really freaking out . Although the Canadian government has given plenty of help in form of immigrant services I still feel lost. As I inch towards the day I leave India it really feels like Iam jumping into a abyss. I know that making this work out for Me is entirely in my hands. However I do feel really hopeless . AMA Announcement 1 Chetna Gala Sinha Social Activist January 8 130 PM 2 Jairaj Devadiga economist contributor to Foundation for Economic Education a US based think tank January 8 Monday 8 PM IST: AMA 1 About Chetna Chetna Sinha is dedicated to the economic empowerment of women and in 1996 she founded Mann Deshi the firstever Indian bank run for and by rural women. To date Mann Deshi has reached about 400000 women and by 2022 and they aim to reach one million women. For background heres a blog post she wrote https//www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/10/itstoocostlyforbankerstoignoreindiasruralwomen/ Date amp Time Monday January 8 130 PM IST Verification Pic https//i.redd.it/ebxr03qe2a801.jpg Thanks to /u/Chtorrr and Jenny Soffel from The World Economic Forum for organizing this. AMA 2 About Jairaj Jairaj Devadiga is an economist who illustrates the importance of property rights and freedom through some interesting realworld cases. He uses economic principles to find solutions to the ills of our time. His main areas of research are economic history Indian economy and public policy and their role in explaining our current economic situation. He writes articles regularly for the Foundation for Economic Education which is a US based thinktank. Before that he briefly used to write for The Quint. He will be happy to discuss any social issues/problems/phenomena since most of them relate to economics in some way. Articles for FEE https//fee.org/people/jairajdevadiga/ Articles for Quint https//www.thequint.com/author/27568/jairajdevadiga Date amp Time January 8 Monday 8 PM IST Verification tweet https//twitter.com/JairajDevadiga/status/949886039388143616 Note this is just an announcement the actual AMAs will be posted at the aforementioned date and time. Please direct your questions to those threads.. Kerala Police To Have Uniforms Fitted With Body Cameras [Malayalam gist in comments]. Shashi Tharoor Great Speech at Harvard university on Feb 12 2017 Must Watch. [NP] Overwhelmingly depressed and mind is riddled with suicidal thoughts. Help: I dont know what the main reason is but for the past year I had been really depressed and for past few days I am super depressed and I am almost always having suicidal thoughts. This totally destroyed my mental sanity over the course of 2017 and I got scared of reality and nihilism set in. My relation with parents got bitter and after learning that they are gonna divorce I didnt want to talk to any of them anymore. Not a day goes by where I dont think about killing myself and mostly spend a good portion of my day just contemplating suicide. This is totally hampering my studies but I cant seem to be able to control it. I have also had psychotic episodes where I was almost about to kill myself. To shed some more light on the issue I am a student of class 12 and I am appearing for the boards examination this year. Please people of r/india help me. What should I do right now I can feel I am so close to giving up but reality scares me a lot. Thanks in advance.. Quick question How many of you are free from FACEBOOK: here is how i view this internet life. see real friends will be always there on our whatsapp shit.. so i believe we dont need every fucking mirco update event of our known people. Your social animal mind will force you to post new creative stuff everyday to compete with fellow relatives. if someone travels to goa few months later other family goes there to show off. i have been there but not because of social pressure there is this loop going on.. if someone does something everybody will act like a ship and do it one by one.. eventually wasting their time and ruining their focus because if we feed random data to our mind we tend to think a lot and eventually get tired out of it. i am very happy after leaving facebook for forever and i want you to realize my friend lets get out from the hole. its possible to live a less fb addictive life style. Share your story hows your life after quitting facebook . I made a video same line in 30 expressions. feedback is appreciated.. What are some series of questions do you ask to an indian girl: How was your experience talking with a stranger indian girl most of indian girls are not very friendly because they all most of time think stranger is danger what was the longest conversation you have hit so far and how did you started online or offline anything. UPPSC Recruitment 2018 Apply Online Lecturer Professor Dental surgeon Apply Online for up govt jobs: [removed]. Shut Up Ya Kunal Episode 4 Journalism amp Defamation: [deleted]. Chhattisgarh Police Recruitment 2018 2259 Vacancies for Constable Apply Online For Posts. 51 Happy Birthday Rahman The Mozart of Madras turns 51. What one skill i should learn today in india: i was thinking of learning how to drive a car and after that will learn swimming.. i have learned yogameditation playing flute last year.. What should i learn in 2018 thanks. Women Molested Again In Bengaluru During New Year Celebrations Police Say No Complaints Received The man whose wife was apparently one the victims said the crowd was trying to pull the womens pants and put their hands inside their clothes.. Tried the same pickup line on two women both strangers mutual staring back was happening. Both Reacted differently to it: [deleted]. A nation falls when she refuses to take care of her infrastructure when leadership is immoral and when there is division in the land. Are we there yet. 5yearold Haryana girl raped found with 16cm wooden stick inserted in private parts. The post mortem confirms rape and torture further telling that 16 of the 24cm wooden stick was found inside her that damaged her uterus and intestines. [10th Dec. 17]. 5yearold Haryana girl raped found with 16cm wooden stick inserted in private parts. The post mortem confirms rape and torture further telling that 16 of the 24cm wooden stick was found inside her that damaged her uterus and intestines.: [deleted]. Shut Up Ya Kunal Episode 4 Journalism amp Defamation [R]. Desis H1Bs and 500000 Broken Dreams Why South Asian Americans Must See the Problem Beyond Apu. Why do Indian Rupee notes only contain Mahatma Gandhis photos: Many other countries have different people on their currency. Why do we only have one persons picture. Out of the loop Omelette du fromage: I have seen Omelette du fromage mentioned in multiple threads today as well as on Twitter and am totally out of the loop on this one. Anybody care to explain this meme please. Kerala shame 8month pregnant woman forced to stand in bus falls and dies. Ive saved Rs. 15000. Whats the best way to invest it [R]: Im studying in college. And I wanna invest the money Ive saved. Any ideas. An art to demostrate peace. Pakistan releases another video of Kulbhushan Jadhav. JKSSB Teacher Recruitment 2018 JampK Apply Online for 2154 teacher Vacancies: [removed]. People who were on the verge of suicide/attempted it but are eventually alive now how is life now. HACK YOUR PATNERS FACEBOOK WHATSAPP INSTAGRAM TWITTER INCOMING AND OUTGOING CALLS TEXT MESSAGS: [removed]. People who were on the verge of suicide/attempted it but eventually are alive today how is life now. Buy best quality Vibrators for Women in India. A Glimpse of the year 2017 India.. Naxals played a role in fanning Dalit agitation. [SERIOUS] How do you escalate to a kiss with a tinder date: Not here for the daily sax thread karma. So I have been seeing this girl i met on Tinder for the last 2 months. Weve been on 5 dates up till now. The last 3 were very much successful. And although i have had no problem escalating with touching her holding hands etc i have hit a brick wall as I cant escalate to a kiss. Some questions 1. How do you break through that brick wall and escalate 2. Where is like an appropriate place for some make out action to happen 3. Can you also give me some great creative restaurants for dates and stuff Thanks. Guys bollywood needs to stop now..: everyweek random bollywood thing is trending there on Youtube.. people has started using youtube because they dont like tv.. [R] Maharashtra Bandh What Is Bhima Koregaon Dalit Protest All About. The one dead in Bhima Koregaon clashes Shivaji on his jacket gave him away: [deleted]. Debit cards using ATM Pin unsafe vs using OTP How to disable: ATM usage requires PHYSICAL presence of Debit card and knowledge of pin earlier Online payment using Debit card requires Card number and PHYSICAL access to mobile phone for OTP. now another option Online payment using ATM pin requires Card number and knowledge of ATM pin. Nothing PHYSICAL I contacted ICICI and they said the option of providing or not this Debit Card with ATM Pin means of transaction is on the merchant and that they cant do anything about it. But they sure do advertise the shit out of it. https//www.icicibank.com/PersonalBanking/cards/ConsumerCards/DebitCard/shoponlineusingdebitcard.page It may be just me but this feels really unsafe to me especially because using ATM Pin is the default page when I select pay using Debt Card. What can I do about this Can I disable it Any thoughts. . For The Pedants 2017 Successes Updated. Airtel TV App now Available on a Free Subscription basis to all Postpaid Prepaid Customers. What is wrong with Reliance: Reliance celebrated its 40th year in Navi Mumbai on December 25. Anant Ambani Mukesh Ambanis son delivered his first speech at the celebration. [Now that Anant Ambanis speech has become a meme]http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/anantambanispeechtrollsreliancetwittertrollsmemes/1/1122056.html I watched that shit and oh my frig Class 5 schoolboys of my neighborhood KV can give speeches which are better and more natural than that Every 3 seconds he was looking at the teleprompter and speaking in bad accented Hindi and even more badly written generic speech. Dhirubhai Ambani wouldve died sooner if he saw such drama . Hitlers Strange Afterlife in India Old 30/11/2012. Anyone in the Data analysis Econometrics field: I am a B.Com graduate right now pursuing PG diploma in Applied Economics and I am planning on doing a masters in economics or economic policy preferably from outside India and working in the field of Macroeconomic analysis. However if I have to do my masters abroad it has to be from a tier 1 University or else it wont be worth it. Therefore I thought if I have a couple years work experience it would help me get into a good University. I need some advice with regards to this 1. Is it possible for a fresher without a Masters degree to get a job in this field 2. Exactly what kind of job should I look for in order to get good handson experience in this field 3. What are the skills that the employers will want in a candidate Sincere advice is welcome. Thank you.. [R] Deaf and mute Pakistani boy set free from Indian jail The Express Tribune. Im studying ECE Ive fucked up pretty bad and I need some advice. Tata sky pack system sucks: Had to choose a pack for a reasonable budget for uncle stupidly complicated to get the channels one wants lots of extra channels which one will never see and sports channels missing even in the sports channel pack .... I hope such way of entertainment dies a horrible death .. disclaimer havent seen TV in about 2 years... Interesting discussion on Dawn. Advice please how to open up to people and how to be less individualistic: So currently i am doing mba and here hostel is mandatory so this is my first time staying in a hostel and i discovered a lot about me here. Firstly i am too individualistic for my own good to be clear i am very social and when i want to talk to people i am very amicable and funny but at the time of dinner or lunch I prefer to sit alone in the mess i prefer to go shopping Alone i dont understand the concept of going with someone for buying stuff i do go if other people pester me but i Never ask anyone to come I never wait for anyone after classes nor do i expect others to do the same for me . Secondly how do i open up to people i have never shared any emotions of mine with anyone be it my closest friends or even my family During interviews too i was much more comfortable with facts based question or.general question then questions about me tell me about yourself etc . I dont think i have ever talked about my actual feelings to anyone i always mask it up with jokes and random things. I do want to change myself but dont know should i and how should i go about it so more emotionally mature redditors please help. . 1752 charged with drunken driving in Delhi during New Year celebrations. No water for 2 days in many parts of Delhi. They have diversity in customers: [deleted]. End of the Year 2017: [removed]. [Serious] Please guide me to overcome these habits for my New Years Resolution: These may seem normal but I really wanted to remove them from my routine. 1. Tea addiction 2. Touching nose frequently Thanks. Just a reminder to all of you Do not drive if you are drinking. Get a cab or have a designated driver who isnt drinking.: Well its the last evening of this year and we have all been through a lot. Blowing off steam with friends and acquaintances is fine but please be responsible. There is someone waiting for us all. Be safe tonight. And Happy New Year. . 2017 was so Gross we even had to relitigate Evils of Colonialism [R]. How can i voice/video call form india to UAE via internet: it seems like everything is blocked there.. any help guys what works there. 30yearold man shot at in south Delhi pub following argument over parking space police detain accused: [deleted]. We the Lost People. Punjab vigilance bureau arrests 134 officials in 2017. How should I earn on the side: I came across a comment on this sub in which the user said he was involved in teaching kids online via a website as a side job. However he didnt give any details. Now I earn really shitty wages and am usually free on the weekends. Do any of you have any idea what websites are there that offer such services . Two Amity University professors held guilty for sexually harassing women. Kerela Government Recruitment 2018 Apply for : [removed]. Odisha police to go digital from January 1 2018. Giveaway 500 Rs recharge code..: This community has helped me grow as a person since I was mere 16 years old Im 22 now. This is a throwaway account. I am feeling generous today to this community so thought I would give away something. Please note that code has to be used in 1 transaction and is only valid for prepaid mobile recharge. I actively participate in discussions and try to give back to younger people who I found in difficult situations so please be assured this is not the only way Im giving back. If you are not facing a cash crunch this thread is NOT for you. I also thank older members here who always helped me counselled me and guided me Idea is simple share here honestly why you need it and Ill pick 1 of you and send coupon Edit 1 Looks like everybodys doing good D Ill donate it to Akshay Patra if I dont see takers by 5 pm. Giving it to Aamraswala because he asked for it will donate to AkshayPatra as well. Giveaway is over guys . Financial assets of Indians abroad rose by USD 18.6 bln in Sep quarter: [deleted]. Hey r/india have you ever been charged for an interview: My dad recently retired and has been looking for a job. He got a proposal for Senior Supervisor at Airtel in New Delhi. But he was informed that he will be charged 2000 as processing charges and he is asked ID proofs such as PAN card and Aadhaar number etc. So is it normal to be charged for an interview Should he proceed and pay 2000 for the interview. I think these Backward Saas Bahu serials are hurting Indian populace more than they helping them..these serials are ingraining dumb and backward mentality.: [removed]. If Politicians Were Call Centre Employees TSP. long term harmful effects of chronic alcoholism. Hindu girl gangraped by fatherinlaw uncle killed after she refuses to convert to Islam. Jharkhand naxalite area Close area to Naxal. People whose parents/spouse passed away how was the insurance claims settlement process: How many days to claim settlement Any advice or mistakes to be avoided. South Canara District Central Cooperative SCDCC Bank Recruitment 2018 Apply Online: [removed]. Browse through our Wide range of Non Stick Cookware Online for wonderful cooking experience. Totally wasted. Google Doodle marks Kannada writer Kuppali Venkatappa Puttappa aka Kuvempus 113th birthday: [deleted]. Can someone from Jharkhand confirm if this love jihad gangrape murder news is true [R]: [removed]. Behind Indias Epidemic Of Farmer Suicides. About every 30 minutes a farmer in India commits suicide. The unseasonably heavy rains and unexpected hailstorms that have pounded down across the country threaten to up that already alarming figure. [2015]. Hindu girl gangraped by fatherinlaw uncle killed after she refuses to convert to Islam Mysuru Today. Rust Resistant easy to clean configured to suit every kitchen Stylish Glass CookTops in appearance. Looking for a job in the HR domain [R]: Guys I am a lurker here and right now I am looking to make a switch. I have an MBA from a decent B school with 2.5 years worth of experience as an HRBP for a large IT company. I suppose for whatever reasons the regular channels for recruitment are not working out. I would be happy to answer any questions over PM. Throwaway for obvious reasons. Despite shortage India discards 1m blood units per year. 21 incidents of attacks on Indian students abroad in 2017 Centre. Weekly Mental Health Support Thread: Hello folks Rant or rave if theres something thats either minor or serious you feel you need to get out of you this is the place to do it. Let the feelings flow. Pour your heart out. Were here for you. We here take mental health as seriously as we can. Any more serious and you have a database for mental health professionals who can help you recover. We also have a Telegram group for which you can either ping me or u/doctwothirty or u/oxeam for. . [NSFW] adventure with Sanskari Lube. Over 4.5L Indians acquired foreign citizenship since 2014 Govt. Third Way The Hindu Way. Karnataka Over 3500 farmers committed suicide in five years says state report. Over 103 Indian Arrested For Having Links With ISIS UP Tops The List. Is Delhi rape capital of India Swati Maliwal Chairperson of DCW TEDx. Bahut Hua Sammaan EDM Version Mukkabaaz . AMA Announcement The Directors of the documentary An Insignificant Man Friday evening 29th December: Verification https//twitter.com/aimthemovie/status/945891860685320192 Date Time 29th December Friday evening About the documentary An Insignificant Man is a 2017 Hindi/English Indian sociopolitical documentary coproduced and directed by Khushboo Ranka and Vinay Shukla and also coproduced by filmmaker Anand Gandhi and is about the rise of anticorruption protests in India and the formation and rise to power of the Aam Aadmi Party. The film received a standing ovation at its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival and has gone on to have sold out screenings at major festival across the world including the BFI London Film Festival amp Busan International Film Festival. It is a result of a crowdfunding campaign the biggest in India. It received unprecedented support with an initial goal of 20000 they went on to receive a staggering 120000 nearly 600 over their target. Trailer https//youtu.be/Vq646VcT72I Full documentary https//www.youtube.com/watchvinRO2Apm0 Interview with VICE https//www.youtube.com/watchvmc22xwvaXV8 Note this is just an announcement the actual AMA will be posted at the earlier date and time. Please direct your questions to that thread.. How to download aadhar card from outside India: It seems eaadhar download page cannot be accessed from outside India. But even when I use tunnelbear to have Indian IP it still cannot be accessed.. Rallison Mixer Grinders Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. Made in India Dornier 228 aircraft gets DGCA nod for civilian flight. Madras Famine 18761878 Deaths 5.5 Million People.. [R] The men and women recruited by Islamic State from Kerala NIA releases pictures. [R]My condom broke while having sex with a prostitute. What are my options Please Help: Last Wednesday I checked in with a prostitute at a hotel. After sex I noticed that my condom was broken and the tip of my penis was exposed. What are my options What tests should I get done I have been insanely worried since the incident and barely been sleeping. Any suggestion/help would be appreciated. EDIT It was vaginal intercourse that lasted 8 minutes before I noticed the broken condom. Packed up immediately after that. I have no idea how long the condom had been broken. . Lets talk about addictions in india..: are we also going to end up being full addict nation i have noticed we guys are turning drug addictweed addict alcoholicciggrate addicttobacoo addict etc.. i think people do this type of stuffs because they cant control their over thinking mind.. correct me if im wrong have you ever thought about being free from addiction edit people are down voting this.. but my effort here to get inspired from other peoples story.. i am not here to rent on people who are suffering from addictions . And we have finally hit 100000 subscriber mark.: [deleted]. Does prepaid work in jammu and Kashmir: I mean from another state Especially in vaishnodevi Thanks. How Europeans Misappropriated Sanskrit To Form The Aryan Race Theory. An AfricanAmerican Explains In This Quora Post Why India Is The Most Racist Country [OLD]. Final update to my Flipkart conundrum.: I heard from PhonePe support after prodding them a few times. The money was sent to a different phone number facepalm Which makes no sense because I had removed that number from my Flipkart account more than a year ago... I was able to recover the money thankfully because that number belonged to a family member. I did have to create a PhonePe account for him though which sucks.. aromatherapy for stress lavender. Why tale of Indias 1st woman doctor is relevant even today. Sunset enroute shimla. Creating a more detailed /r/India wiki: Hi so I got to see the wiki page at r/Israel https//np.reddit.com/r/Israel/wiki/index and it is damn helpful for someone visiting/knowing about the country for the first time. Why cant we improve our Wiki too We can write some basic dos and donts dispel some popular misconceptions about the country and put a mini travel/recommendation guide for the main metro cities since thats where most tourists will be looking at. In short itll be a handy quick look guide for India to anyone and be vetted improved and verified by our Redditor community. Thoughts. Rallison Pressure Cooker Manufacturer amp Supplier in Bangalore India. Wow how true. Charlie Munger on India. Bengaluru becomes first Indian city to have its own logo joins club of global metros like New York Paris Berlin. Integral humanism India: [deleted]. Civic Sense in India. 12 Days of Christmas. AMA Announcement Prateep Basu cofounder and Chief Operating Officer at SatSure Ltd. a Bangalore based space startup. December 25 Monday 7 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We will be hosting Prateep Basu from SatSure in an AMA. Please find the details below About Prateep gtMr. Prateep Basu is the cofounder and Chief Operating Officer at SatSure Ltd a satellite Big Data analytics company working on creating sustainable solutions for enabling financial inclusion of farmers in developing countries. He is a seasoned space industry professional with work experience in both the business and technology front. An aerospace engineer from the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology Trivandrum with postgraduation in Space Studies from the International Space University Strasbourg Mr. Basu has worked as a scientist in ISRO and as a geospatial industry analyst at Boston based Northern Sky Research NSR a global market research and consulting firm focused on commercial space industry prior to starting SatSure. About SatSure gtSatSure is a satellite Big Data Analytics company founded in 2016 and based out of London amp Bangalore. SatSures aim is to commoditise satellite imagery and enable financial inclusion of farmers who are marginalised due to climate change and price volatility. gtSatSure works at the intersection satellite Earth observation big data cloud computing machine learning and IoT technology to deliver clear decision points to insurance amp reinsurance companies banks commodity traders governments seed and pesticide enterprises and their farmers all through a webbased SaaS platform that integrates with the enterprises needs and existing processes. Date amp Time December 25 Monday 7 PM IST Verification Tweet https//twitter.com/satsure/status/944943495612993536. What Indian movie can you rewatch many times [R]: Not going out this weekend instead having movie nights with friends and family. Tonight is dil chahta hai. What would you recommend for the following days . Dear himachal rindains need your help to find details about this song: [removed]. 100 gurukulas to conduct research on manuscripts. Ranveer Singh Ninja Assassin: Classic CopyPaste. I knew knew Ive seen the advert somewhere Maybe well get a Ninja Assassin remake in India. https//imgur.com/a/lYVcl. Merry Christmas everyone: Just wanted to say Merry Christmas to everyone have a happy and safe holiday to everyone. Have a safe and happy holidays and looking forward to 2018.. So Karnataka State elections are due in March An opinion from someone who visited Bangalore after 3 yea[R]s: So I visited Bengaluru after 3 years. If you count the time not being around and travelling for a prolonged period of time then that would be 7 yrs. Since Karnataka is going to have its state elections soon this is a good time to get a good deal out of the ruling government and consider their choices for their next 5 years. I noticed a lot of changes and a lot of them are not good. The roads in most local areas locality are the size of bigger footpaths more often than not only 1 car can go on it. This was not the case several years ago where two cars could pass by each other somewhat even in local areas. While I understand there is a lot of constructions going on and I give it due considerations there is far too less maintenance or thought put into the management. The speed limit is set at 10 around Metro construction areas while I admit no one follows them but 40 kmph is a more serious number to enforce. There are far too many potholed roads and dug up mud that cover the extent and breadth of the roads. People are less patient because of all of this it was much easier to maneuver previously. Now the people drive in a more dangerous way that UP. I applied for my aadhar card and I had to stand in a queue at 6 am to get a token at 915. For an advance technology this management of crowds is quite strange. Most of those who stood there were for changes in their Aadhar rather than new enrollments. For being an IT city and what not we are still operating in terribly lowfi tech. Prices of commodities are quite high I am sure you all know and realize that. I understand our PPP is the 3rd highest in the world as per statistics but it definitely did not seem like it. I find a lot of things cheaper essentials vs minimum wage in Malaysia or even Australia than in Bengaluru right now. Anything branded are at the same prices as them available in other countries mentioned which makes them more expensive here. I met a few contractors and the like who manage infrastructure in Karnataka Rural and district levels their payments have not been made for over 9 months now. Apparently payments for projects are made based on the seniority of the contractor rather than project based. The persons I met were a midlevel contractors. This can help you gauge the progress and delays in Infrastructure. The metro seems great. Although only two lines it was started out before I left and I could see them trains running at stations close to my home. The roads are not yet repaired even though the trains are running. I understand there is a lot of construction going while I noticed the dust was quite a sight. Almost all houses have hues of brown even those who are well off and can maintain theirs regularly. Almost all cars had damages on them. The societys clutter blindness is at an all time high. I understand these changes are slow and easy to miss as local residents dont notice it. I could go on but Ill let you discuss further on this. Since Karnataka is going for polls soon and after looking at the recent Speak for Me post for Aadhar abuse on this sub recently. I think we might want to consider speaking to the incumbent about it since they are always active during the few months before elections before they disappear again for the next 5 years. I personally have strong antiincumbency feelings looking at all of this bengaluru is attracting so much investments and attention yet its degraded to be a very large town at best. For each their own. As I understand Congress is currently the government meaning an antiincumbency would mostly be BJP. That choosing BJP poses its own risks/profits at the center and Karnatakas regional Parties The Janata Dals and others credibility is not that better than the big two. So I am quite lost myself except feelings of antiincumbency. I have never voted dont even have a voter card never thought/bothered about it but after experiencing this stark decline I am going to apply for one next week so that I get myself registered before March elections. I am going to look into my options and the MLA/rep who wont disappear after elections. I hope we can do this joint homework. I think Bengaluru must step up and do what each individual thinks is best for their state. The people must get into elections mood as much as the parties if they want anything done now. First step would be to get as much as possible from the incumbent before elections. Next would be a wise future choice. Not fall for throw away gifts like temporary reduced petrol prices and the like but look into more into medium and long term policy promises. Hopefully we can keep them accountable the next time. As I can see it clearly and currently Bengaluru and Karnataka is a state in decline.. Request to mods for a new flair for entertainment: Please consider providing a new flair Entertainment There are many posts which would fit in that category better rather than NonPolitical.. India recorded about 3.9 million cancer cases in 2016 data shows. Uttar Pradesh Maharashtra and Bihar recorded the highest number of cancer cases National Cancer Registry Programme data shows.. Cauvery carries 600 more chemical toxins than Ganga. Boys cant be boys. Heres how to fix Indias toxic masculinity problem. Bigg Boss 11 Hina Khan receiving award from Shahrukh Khan and Kajol. Top SEO Company in Bangalore known for best SEO Services. Indias digital gender gap could further marginalise women Unicef. Sikhs of randia how does caste discrimination play out in your community: I have heard that there are lower castes and upper castes in the Sikh community. However the dynamics of caste discrimination is quite different in IndiaPunjab than abroadCanada. Please share your experiences.. Rant about lord buddha tv in india: see folks in india we have all religious channels right. but i have learned about buddha and i love stuffs about enlightenment so basically i came accorss buddha tv on india. everytime i try to find some talks from buddha it turns out to be some guy is advertising something about dalit politics there.. i tried to find buddhist monks or their convos but NO.. nobody is talking about vipasyana or anything there is this my bad timing or something am i missing thing guys. Update 2 to my flipkart woes. The dark cloud wipes the silver lining...: [Original]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7l2weo/improbablyneverorderingfromflipkartever/. [Update 1]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7lah11/updateonimprobablyneverorderingfrom/. This was going to be a post saying that Flipkart had solved my problem and I could happily order from them again. That Flipkart isnt really as bad as we make it out to be. I really wanted it to be that post. Alas for that is not to be. The Ekart guy showed up as expected and picked up the goods. He said Id receive the refund in my wallet within a few hours. True to his word that happened within fifteen minutes of the return status updating to show that the items had been received. I received refunds for both games separately. The money even showed up in my PhonePe wallet. Less than twenty minutes later while I was looking up out how to move my balance to Amazon Pay on the internet I checked my PhonePe balance again and the money was gone WTF No notification or anything at all. The last messages I received as of writing this were about the refunds being processed. My immediate reaction was to call Flipkart customer service and tell them about the situation. The gentleman on the phone looks around and then tells me to contact PhonePe support in a very handsoff manner. Cant blame him for that though. Having been unable to find a phone number to call a real person I reluctantly install the PhonePe app hoping it was just the Flipkart app that was borked. Nope Rs. 0 in my PhonePe. I havent even found a place where I can check my transaction history like I can with a bank account. I visit the help section and start a support ticket. Supposedly theyll get back to me in 24 hours so lets see. Meanwhile Im scratching my head as to where that Rs. 7k disappeared to.. Online Shopping Store for Rallison Kitchen Appliances. 5 things to expect before calling a Patent Agent or Patent Attorney in India or elsewhere.. Starving Leopard in india will make you cry. Need to Set Right Historical Fallacies for Vedic and Ancient Indian History. Update on Im probably never ordering from Flipkart ever again.: Original post [here]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7l2weo/improbablyneverorderingfromflipkartever/. I received a call from a Flipkart backend customer support rep. It was not from the number that was indicated in the SMS from my previous contact with customer care. The lady on the phone asked me what the problem was with my order and I had trouble explaining to her that I ordered a PAL version but received an NTSC version but you received the game you ordered at first despite a few attempts. Then I had to explain to her that my 3DS was from Europe which could only play European version games but I had received the American version despite the website indicating the European version. This seemed to instantly click with her. She said shed process my request and put me on hold for a minute. Then she said that my return had been initiated and would be picked up by tomorrow. The seller would refund me within two business days. When I asked if I would get a cash refund or money in my flipkart wallet she said that it would be sent to my filpkart wallet. So tomorrow Im expecting one of their ekart people to take the games from me. Im expecting to be refunded by Saturday at the latest. Heres hoping things will be smooth. On Saturday Ill post an update if things go well. If no one shows up tomorrow then you can expect another thread tomorrow night.. Heres why Im dreaming of moving to Norway Norwegians dont waste their time with niceties because they are too busy topping almost every important list of global rankings: [deleted]. [R] I want to find a job abroad. Not your regular emigration post: Hi guys sorry for putting up one more emigration post here but promise Im not doing this because I hate India but because I feel what Im doing currentlyin India traditional business is not helping me. I am quite young and wish to see and do more before settling into daily routine of a job/business I wish to challenge and develop myself I want to build strong skillset for the future I wish to learn how does innovation happen I wish to move out of India for a few years because I wish to see how business happens outside of Indiaespecially in other fields. I am only 22 but I have 5 years of experience in volunteeringleadership and business out of which 3 years I have headed companies with few crores turnover but because of this I dont have any college backing my scores are shit. My aim is not to go out and settle but to explore so I will happily live there as long as I dont need to ask for money from home. Only way I have found right now is AIESEC which will help me get a job and I would like to explore more options for myself. Would hope you guys to help a bro out. . Need Help with paying for application fee for Canadian universities have no credit card: As the title says have to pay application fees for a couple of universities the horrifying fact is no one I know who would give me a credit card has one. Im stuck anyway out . Microsoft ToDo Android Apps on Google Play: [removed]. [SERIOUS] Moving to Hyderabad for work. Whats the current reliable portal for hunting accommodation Sulekha olx quickr still the place to go. MDU Result for all Courses. Abroad Study Consultants amp Overseas Education Consultants in Jaipur. Need advice. What to do after Aadhaar finger prints are not matching: I had my Aadhaar card made a few years ago. However at the time of enrollment my fingerprints were hardly recognizable5. I had hand eczema at the time. It took a longer time as compared to others for my finger prints to get registered. Now my hands are clear. Whenever I try to authenticate bank related stuff with my Aadhaar my finger prints never match. I was asked by the bank employees to get my finger prints reregistered. Is it possible If yes how do I do so and what documents do I need. Im probably never ordering from Flipkart ever again. Im possibly out of Rs. 7000 from my pocket and stuck with two useless turds.: I have a nintendo 3DS from Europe. Which means its region locked and can only play European/Australian 3DS games. I wanted Pokemon Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon and searching around I found what appeared to be PAL region versions on Flipkart. The pictures showed the PAL versions and the product description mentioned the PEGI ratings not ERSB used in North America Middle East and South East Asia versions. To be absolutely sure I contacted Flipkart customer care and they assured me that I would be able to return the products if they werent of the correct region because the items didnt match the description on the website. So I ordered. As I feared I got sent the ERSB versions and initiated the returns process. Since the seller only offers a replacement policy I contacted flipkart support for a refund because I was sure they wouldnt be able to send me the correct region. Even support wasnt able to initiate a refund. WTF What happened next was even lovelier. The return first showed up as approved and then it got rejected. While the SMS notification said it was related to the shipping partner being unable to fulfil the request the email said that the seller rejected it. I contacted support explained the situation to the lady on the line and asked for the matter to be escalated to a senior. After twenty minutes of being on hold I disconnected the line. I contacted support again and they initiated the replacement process again. Again it got rejected. The next time I called I asked for a means to contact the seller directly to which the answer was a negative. This back and forth took place a few more times with several rejections showing up in my account until finally they sent an escalation to some department which is supposed to contact me by 5PM the day after tomorrow. If things get resolved Ill post an update and withdraw this thread. If not then Im going to post an update saying that Ill definitely never order from them again. Im not going to name the seller just yet. I want to see if the matter is resolved first. Im sure the seller is reasonable if I could just talk to them directly. FWIW the seller no longer listed for these two games. Hell Ill be happy to return these two games for store credit and order for some other regionfree platform Nintendo Switch PC etc and pay just the difference during delivery. Heres hoping the escalation team will take care of me.. Bahut Hua Samman Full Audio Song Mukabaaz Vineet amp Zoya Anurag Kashyap. India is the 5th most vacation deprived country globally. Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards Full list of winners. No Reconciliation among UPI Payment gateway for failed transactions: I have tried to purchase some books from a site tried to made payment through payumoney and opted for UPI payment and made payment through BHIM app on 15.11.2017. The payment was shown as successful at BHIM side.However at payumoney payment page the transaction was failed. I thought the amount would be refunded usually like by CC/Netbanking transactions.I also raised the complaint with BHIM in its app for this transaction and they replied transaction was successful from their end and amount sent to the Payment gateway bank and closed request as resolved without my intervention. Then i contacted payumoney for reversal of refund of the amount they told the transaction was failed the amount will be reversed by bank in 45 working days. I contacted my bank SBI initially they were clueless. I have posted on their Twitter timeline after several DMs everyone saying there was no issue at their end. Later on i have received mail address of bank for UPI complaints. They after a while replied that amount was deducted and sent to beneficiary bank axis bank. I again contacted payumoney they keep on repeating transaction was not successful and they have not received the amount. This circus going for a month. No party is taking responsibility for the failed transaction. I am utterly clueless about whom to contact for the refund. The amount in issue was Rs.1408/ I think its more of payumoney issue and they might have received in their bank axis bank but they are not reconciling the same even after my refund requests. It may be issue with UPIBhim and they are not reconciling the amount with my bank There may be no reconciliation mechanism at all for UPI transactions as per some reports suggests. So much for digital India and cashless transactions I just dont know against whom i should rise complaint against in case of such situation. Anyone faced such issue or aware of the solution Your advice is highly solicited.Thank you.. What all vaccinations should an adult Indian guy get in India to prevent diseases: I just read an r sex thread in which a graduate student said that HPV can cause head and neck cancer in men but there is a vaccine for HPV. Which all vaccines should every guy should get to prevent diseases Edit I can not find any India related google link.. so I was watching this movie scene and then I read a few comments below. How can people be so insensitive and completely ignore the actual message of the scene and the movie: [deleted]. Dear r indians do me a favor lets stop truecaller..: [removed]. suggest me a hindi song that will heal my gfs anger: [removed]. India tops list of migrants living abroad at 17 million UN. [R] First internship. Need Advice: Ive applied for an internship at a startup. They are asking my monthly salary expectations This is my first internship so i dont know how much i should be getting paid. The startup is based in New Delhi and the position is marketing analyst. I dont live in Delhi so i have to commute 70km oneway by train.. Nobody is talking about scam of DTH providers in india: [removed]. After A Brutal 2012 Rape In Delhi Student Asks 122 Jailed Rapists Why [r]. [R] Coping with the loss of a loved one.: My mother passed away this year. It took me a few months to be stable and pick up my life again but on some days it all breaks down. Ive been to mental health professionals I try to keep busy I exercise and eat well etc. but there are days when I just want to curl up and cry. I miss her so much and it crushes me that I will never see her again. They say time heals everything and maybe it does but what do you do when something random brings all the memories flooding back For instance today in the office someone offered me a meal cooked just the way my mom used to make it and it broke me. Have you experienced loss of a loved one What did you do to cope up . Is it possible for Indians to buy shares from the US stock market And if so how would one go about it. Video showing IT guys dancing outstanding display of patriotism on Independence day. Election result megathread: All discussions news links and speculation regarding the election results to be done here. Individual threads will be removed. Follow the results here http//eciresults.nic.in/. I already have an Aadhaar number. When is the deadline for linking it to mobile number PAN card insurance policies and existing bank accounts: I have an Aadhaar number but have not linked it to anything. I am not sure if March 31st deadline is for everyone or people who havent registered for Aadhaar number.. Male randians have any of you ever had a frenuloplasty How was the experience: I realized very recently that I might need one. Obviously Ill be going for a professional consultation and all but want to gather background knowledge before I head down the path. I made the mistake of seeing a video of the procedure and although it is described as a minor OPD surgery it does look very scary as a nonmedical professional. I want to gather as much information as I can before I start entertaining the thought of a scalpel in that region. Any insights into the following will be helpful. 1. When did you realize you needed one 2. How did you go about finding the right doctor What did they tell you 3. How was the actual procedure and the month after that 4. How has your life improved/degraded after the procedure This being a dick problem discussion on Reddit I dont mind mild trolling but please do not let it overwhelm the main discussion. Thanks. Anyone in the Economic analysis/Data Sciences field.: I am a B.Com graduate right now pursuing PG diploma in Applied Economics and I am planning on doing a masters in economics or economic policy preferably from outside India and working in the field of Macroeconomic analysis. However if I have to do my masters abroad it has to be from a tier 1 University or else it wont be worth it. Therefore I thought if I have a couple years work experience it would help me get into a good University. I need some advice with regards to this 1. Is it possible for a fresher without a Masters degree to get a job in this field 2. Exactly what kind of job should I look for in order to get good handson experience in this field 3. What are the skills that the employers will want in a candidate Sincere advice is welcome. Thank you.. UFOs captured in the city of MEXICO Metro Portales. Spot the difference. [R] Anyone from Munnar here: Ill be in Munnar from 25th to 30th December. Would love some suggestions about places that are must visit especially places that are less popular during tourist season but worth visiting nonetheless. Also how cold is it over there right now Is a hoodie fine Also please suggest some foods that are worth trying and what stuff is worth bringing back home from there. [R] Anyone from Munnar here: [deleted]. Please Hindus dont say All Religions are the Same. Need Urgent Advice On Payment Gateways.: Do Payment Gateways in India settle payment to merchants account only after delivery of physical goods. I am selling a niche product on wafer thin margins to keep prices very low. I cannot afford to take the risk to stock inventory in case of low sales . Thus need funds to manufacture and ship order in 3 weeks as and when they arrive. Guys who sell products physical online on their own website please advise.. Flying to London from India which countries does it fly over: Throwaway asking for a friend. He is Indian but may have irked some Gulf country. He is flying to Heathrow next month but if he takes the nonstop flight from Mumbai wont it fly over the GCC What about Delhi flight Does it fly over any Arab country or Turkey How easy is it to request a flight that doesnt connect or stopover in Dubai How do you track/know the flight path in advance Please help. Thanks. Airtel Broadband. [Serious] Im at unrest a bit scared and I need your advice. Ive emigrated but how do I get my nearretirementage parents out of India and to Europe/US: [deleted]. Why I Had to Leave India Alone. [R] Why the bloody fuck are cars so expensive in India: Even cars that are assembled here seem to cost a lot more than their UK counterparts. For example you can have a fucking Mercedes E 220d for 33 lakh rupees OTR while it will cost you 5570 lakhs OTR in India depending on state. Yes the Indian variant is the long wheelbase version and perhaps it has a little bit more kit than the UK model the reclining rear seats perhaps but do these features really cost double of what they cost. The same is true for the 5 series BMW. The Mercedes S 350d is in the UK appears to be cheaper than the E 350d in India Yes its not the LWB S class we get in India but still how the fuck does this happen Its criminally insane for Nissan to charge as much for the GTR as Mercedes charges for their AMG GT here. The AMG costs 40 more than the Nissan in the UK. To add insult to injury we even lose out on configurability options and features that are available in other markets. The situation is better with smaller/mainstream cars but boy does it sting when you realise that cars you could afford in a developed country solely off your Indian income is backbreakingly expensive to purchase in India. Just how much of the price difference is price gouging and how much of it is our government leeching us Yes I know CBUs attract 120 import duties but other than the two supercars I mentioned most of the mainstream variants are assembled in India and only attract a 30 IIRC import duty on the declared value at customs. If Team BHP is to be believed [the Volvo S90 CBU has a declared value at customs of less than Rs. 12 lakhs]http//www.teambhp.com/forum/attachments/testdrivesinitialownershipreports/1573547d1478249467drivenvolvos90screenshot201611042.03.40pm.png Given what the car offers I imagine its competitors from BMW/Merc/Audi/etc are valued around the same ballpark. Jesus Fucking Christ.. [Idea to keep our politicians in check] A website that records every shitty thing they ever did. Public can check their track record. This should shut them up.: Brother and Sisters Im fucking fed up of the state of politics in this country. I wont like when BJP got elected I was hopeful for a good change in governance and I even bought their Acche Din propaganda silently. These guys have turned out to be as much of a disappointment than the last guys except they are offering us a different flavour than the retards at Congress. But Shit is Shit whoever poops it. I have an idea to battle this.. THE WHY Everybody needs a good resume to get a job. Politicians dont. This is why they tend to do whatever they like say whatever they want even outside their parties policy/propaganda schemes etc. There is a lack of a permanent track record Im sure big media channels and press houses have this kind of data but its not public. And I doubt it is as organized as what were talking here and even it is the knowledge is not public as I mentioned and even the media is bugged by current events to fish out old stuff. THE WHAT WE CREATE A WEBSITE THAT MAKES A PERMANENT RECORD We record every shitty thing they do classify them under different heads like sexism corruption lies untruths criminal acts sexual harrasment mismanagement xenophobia etc under this. Take [this recent post]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7jp257/smritiiranijavadekartriedcornering35000/ Smriti Irani giving away seats 25 times her quota. We can record that under her profile. The more shitty a politician is the more entries he has under his profile. Like a love child between Wikipedia and LinkedIn. We can check out how bad the person representing us is. The Politicians profile will be fully furnished everything from his religion caste educational background corporate affiliations and his wealth. We can show how much his wealth has increased from his previous declarations in his affidavits and show graphs and compare them with their real life declared and undeclared assets. We can show their past affiliations many of these lower state level ministers are real opportunist political nomads they jump to whichever party is paying the most. Prior professions will be highlighted especially if they are actors or businessmen. List of cases registered against them will be shown. Resolved and Unresolved both will be shown separately. Especially if there is a CBI chargesheet registered against them. Politicians will be rated like how passwords are rated strong and weak there will be a bar that will measure how corrupt they are. Website is not open source we dont want people to edit it willy nilly. WILL UPDATE WITH MORE IDEAS THE HOW How can such a model be executed properly. Lets brainstorm.. Assocham seeks removal of bailin clause in FRDI Bill [R]. Best Wildlife Destinations In India. Bihar boy kills self hours after being forced to marry widowed sisterinlaw. Any update about BANK rules: I have heard check books will be banned and another news is saying Users now cant add more than 1lac in bank account Other money will be converted into bonds or shares.. Can any experts share details about it Thanks. A random Indian girl I found on Tinder.. Indian People Tinder. Does anyone know any live stream of Geminid meteor shower. Preferably live now.: Same as title.. Lets fix this EVM Issue shall we: i am a voter from gujarat and i have background in technology. i am one of the guy who has actually visited the voting center and voted THERE. let me explain what i saw there and why this EVM Glitch argument is wrong. first of all i went there it has tight security my phone didnt detected bluetooth signals but it detected jifi wifi which is had lower signal in the room that means it was probably guys phone using their internet. but anyway if wifi signals had invisible signals then they still cant break into EVMs just like that. because when i clicked button on EVM machine other box clearly showed me what i have voted for and generated my vote on paper and that ticket dropped into this secret basket. so my point is. even if you digitally tweak the EVM you can even manually count down the exact tickets paper dropped on the box and calculate it. now please place an argument which is logical and only argue if you have background knowledge about it. dont argue if you have seen any random videos and you believe that it must be a glitch because i hate this opposite party. lets discuss this. p.s. My phone detected gravitational waves from EVM.. IITians of India what are your views on IITs in what way they have impacted you and are they worth the hype that is created in our country every year. the earthen aphrodite. Reality check..: How difficult it is to get your first job. [R]Hi randians Simliar to yesterdays salary sharing thread could we have one for Non IT randians : Current CTC years of experience specializations if any and location.. What are some of the best news articles you have ever [r]ead: Just wanted to know your favorite or best news articles you have ever read. It can be print online or any type of investigation journalism.. Sex Toys for Women Online in India. What happened to JIO DTH news: it seems like its scam.. share your thoughts guys.. is it even real jio dth seems like a promising service because it can ruin Tatasky and airtel tv market.. any thoughts thank you. What the heck is going on with the RamSetuisReal making rounds on Twitter: Anybody got the context and explain it to me. Im an astrologer and I predict Congress will defeat BJP in Gujarat elections.: [removed]. I photographed amp edited my friends wedding entirely on a smartphone. The Pixel 2 XL.. Inequality In Digital India Only 29 Per Cent Females Across The Country Have Internet Access. Armed robbery The story of the stupidest criminals and the benefit of having white money.: Hi so this happened yesterday. One of the labour contractors for my dads company was on his way to pay the wages to his staff. He was carrying 7L in cash that he had withdrawn from the bank earlier. He was stopped on his way by 3 guys on a bike and had a gun. They took his 7L and as they attempted to start their bike they realized that the chain had come off. Confused the three geniuses decided to run on foot leaving the bike behind. The contractor called the police which he could since the cash was not obtained illegally. The police came calmed the guy down and opened the bike and VOILA They left their RC insurance and drivers license in the bike. And didnt bother taking the contractors car either. They ran away in the fields. Two of them were caught right away and the third onewith the money is being searched for. So what did we learn today kids 1 Avoid black money. 2 If you are criminals be smart criminals. Jai Hind. Can we all get along We should all stand up against violence in the name of the sacred. Reddit now tracks user information by default. Link to the page to disable it.. ELI5 Why should a common man be worried about the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance FRDI bill especially its bailin clause [R]. GangaSnanThought Just realized india is amazingly diverse when i compared with other nations: i am wow we have so many festivalscultureslanguagesskin coloursreligions etc still we are United that just idea blows my mind i feel proud for being here with you all guys. we may have different opinionsideasmethods but still we flow in same nation... love you all my fellow indians . Buy Best collection of Sex Toys for Men Online in India. Indian express vs The Hindu.: [removed]. BASMATI BLUES Official Trailer 2018. [R] What are the best way to compare and buy Health Insurance online: Edit What is the best way to compare and buy Health Insurance online. I have some surplus cash and I need to buy health insurance as I am currently uncovered. A small ulcer in my mouth I am an occasional smoker which later healed freaked me out and woke me up from my lethargy. I know that there are several portals like Policy Bazaar and Coverfox which allow you to compare and purchase insurance policies online. But as soon as I checked on Policy Bazaar they took my phone number and wouldnt stop spamming me for days. With both phone calls and text messages. Also I am not sure if policies purchased directly from the website of the health insurer are cheaper than the ones purchased from the websites of aggregators something like the difference between Direct Mutual funds and normal mutual funds So I would like to ask the Randia what they consider to be the best way to compare and buy health insurance online. Also please includes attributes that I should consider while doing my comparison. Thanks.. dealing with breakups and romantic rejections effectively. How the proliferation of fake news circulation on facebook/whatsapp and potato news channels screwed me.: This would be long so skip to tldr if you want to get to the bottom of this quickly. Backstory. About a decade back when the Rs 10 coins started circulating as a form of currency I being a kid was excited at the golden colour of those coins since to an imaginative mind they resembled the pirate treasure read too much Treasure Island. Consequently I also started collecting Rs 5 coins that were golden in colour. This was before 2010. I got Into a weird habit of collecting all the Rs 10 coins that I came across. I asked my parents to give me the coins when they came across them and not to give them away. As a result on one of my birthday my dad gave me a large box of mint condition Rs 10 coins that he purchased from a bank. Now I kept them in a bournvita jar and as I grew old I stopped collecting the coins and started spending the fives. For some reason I never spent the Rs 10 coins. Now a few weeks ago I found the jar of coins. No longer interested in collecting them I decided to spend them. But every time I tried to pass it on I was told that the coins are fake which is impossible since out of 200 coins I have how can they all be fake So I decided to dig around the net. I went to quora to look for answers but there too the sapiosexuals were spreading rumours to get updoot. So I did some more digging around the RBI website. As it turned out RBI released a new design of coins somewhere around 2010 and of the ones I had the majority of them were from 2008 or before 2010. Now Some fucking dumbasses who seemingly have nothing better to do decided it would be a hoot to spread misinformation via whatsapp and Facebook in which they declare that the design of coins i have are fake coins manufactured in Pakistan and China to destabilise Indian economy. And all the fucking randi news channels picked it up and circulated it out of proportion thus spreading more fake news. After segregating through the coins of different years I managed to pass on the post 2010 coins. But the situation is far worse than you realise. My mom went to a bank to exchange the coins since no one was accepting them. Now even the bank person said the coins are fake. Even on being shown the RBI notice the coins were not accepted. Now this is a matter of problem. [I am enclosing a pic of some of the stash I carried off with me to pass it along.] https//imgur.com/a/sAmri Tldr Had Rs 2000 worth of money in Rs 10 coins. Bank refused to accept because of forged currency scare. How the proliferation of fake news on whatsapp/Facebook screwed me over.  : [removed]. [R] What are the options open for me if I am not interested in coding. Any experience dealing with SBI Cards: I cancelled my long unused SBI Credit Card last month. There were no bills on it till October and the Annual Fee was charged in November. While canceling I was told that I neednt pay the bill since it was for the period beginning December and that I could destroy the card. I have the interaction ID for this conversation. Today when I checked my credit score it has dropped by 200 point due to a delayed payment to SBI Cards and it also shows the line of credit open. Has anyone been in this boat earlier If yes what has worked for you Really dont want to mess up my credit score.. depression and placebo. 24 years on OBC workforce in Centre still short of Mandal mark [R]. Hyperrealism. [Serious] Some questions about EVM: 1 Why all Faulty EVMs give vote to BJP 2 All machines can be hacked What makes EVM unhackable 3 There are so many cases of candidates getting zero votes Even when he and his voted for him How do you explain that I know that the recent incident of UP was bogus explain all the other incidents . 4Why USA and other developed countries are still using Ballot paper 5 Why election commision is not giving EVMs to test whether it can be hacked or not. r/India please read this post to know why we should stop the Transgender Persons Protection of Rights Bill 2016 from passing: TlDR The Transgender Persons Protection of Rights bill is immoral and will put transgender people at legal risk for simply being who they are. Please make some noise about stopping this bill from passing in whatever way you can. Context The Social Justice and Empowerment MOSJE will be tabling the Transgender Persons Protection of Rights Bill 2016 in the upcoming winter session of Parliament. The Bill if tabled in its current form does not uphold the right to selfidentify gender proposes physical screenings by District Screening Committees to be used to certify trans gender variant and intersex people as transgender offers token measures in the name of antidiscrimination and refuses to recognize the distinct even though sometimes overlapping concerns of trans and gender variant individuals from intersex persons. The Bill also criminalises begging proposing 6 months to 2 years imprisonment with fine. This puts vulnerable trans and intersex women who beg on the streets of India due to lack of any other livelihood options at grave risk of further police and state violence. The Bill is simultaneously silent on any alternate livelihood schemes in addition to not addressing the issues of affirmative action in education employment and trans and intersex healthcare. This is a grave violation of the 2014 Indian Supreme Courts NALSA judgment on trans gender nonconforming individuals and intersex rights and is not in consonance with international precedents either that honour human rights. While many countries have made exemplary strides in trans amp intersex rights e.g. Malta and Argentina India will be stepping backwards in immeasurable ways if this bill is passed. Governments are constituted as a representative of its people especially of its minority citizens. The State has a special obligation towards those communities that have been historically disenfranchised and continue to be vulnerable till date. Various sections of our communities worked with MoSJE over many past months culminating with the depositions held till the end of last year. Instead of taking into account our submissions our very life stories and conditions and committing to us that an environment for correcting the historical injustices will be undertaken this Government has acted undemocratically making a mockery of our communities our efforts at collaboration as well as the very Standing Committee they appointed Read more here https//sampoornaindiablog.wordpress.com/2017/11/23/tgbill2016recentdevelopmentsintransgendergendervariantandintersexpersonsrightsinindia/amp/ https//sampoornaindiablog.wordpress.com/2017/11/23/tgbill2016recentdevelopmentsintransgendergendervariantandintersexpersonsrightsinindia/ https//sampoornaindiablog.wordpress.com/2017/11/23/tgbill2016factsheetbillprovisionscommunitydemands/ TlDR The bill is immoral and will put transgender people at legal risk for simply being who they are. Please make some noise about stopping this bill from passing in whatever way you can. . [R] Anyone using Amazon Echo here : Crushing really hard on Amazon Echo but dont want to end up regretting the purchase after 10 days. People who have bought it why do you typically use it for How good is it in indian context Would you recommend getting it . My fellow Indians How do I tell my parents that I may be suffering from depression and I need professional help for it. Meet the Mumbai heroes who helped families of 225 people missing during 199293 riots find closure. 11 lakh people stole from Railways in 2016. Family WA FORWARD humorous : What is a bitcoin Bitcoin is a decentralized crypto currency on blockchain technology. The idea of blockchain is that of a shared ledger. It was created by a computer genius who calls himself Satoshi Nakamoto. His identity is unknown It is believed that ancient Indian Vedas have a mention of decentralized currency using shared ledger. It was documented by Saptarishi Nagamani. It is believed that an Indian computer engineer at NASA had first thought about such currency reading the vedas. He used his understanding of vedas to put in computer language to create digital form of decentralized currency called BITCOIN Interesting fact Since 8th Nov 2016 bitcoin has risen 2285 date of demonetization The market cap of bitcoin is USD 280 Bn and will become USD 500 Bn by 2019. Same as estimated black money of Indians in Swiss bank It is beleived that in his 2015 US trip one Indian computer scientist from NASA met Narendra Modi and told him about his digital currency Bitcoin. In next 1 year Modi and the engineer worked together on a plan to use botcoin to bring back Indias black money After demonetization and Modis raid on black money all black money hoarders have started investing theor money in Bitcoin. Thats why sudden rise of bitcoin value. It is believed that before 2019 elections modi will work with the engineer to bring all bitcoins to India. This is why RBI is also issuing warning for normal citizens not to invest on bitcoin. Bitcoin will be declared of zero value and all black money will be brought to India withthe help of that engineer Thats the true masterplan of demonetization and digital india. Truly 56 inch Jai NaMo. Jai Bharat Also note Satoshi Nakamoto Saptarishi Nagamani BITCOIN Black Income Target Cutrency Of INdia. [R] Nagpurs Kanchanmala becomes first Indian to win gold at World Para Swimming Championship: [deleted]. Lets get the moderators attention we need to add a misleading title/news flair.... [R] Please take this 5 minute survey on social media behaviour and branding: [removed]. GangaSnanThought instead of using upto/maximum speed term. telecos should tell users their minimum speed. Transgender stuff: Okay so I have been considering my gender identity for some time and have finally come to terms with it. So can you guys help me out here a bit I have been researching transgender issues in India for the past week and so far it seems to be a pretty grey area. Can anybody with some knowledge of the topic please help out I dont think Ill ever have a chance to transition with conservative parents and for some other reasons all that shit. But still having some knowledge up my sleeve could be helpful. Thanks in advance. Edit Grammar and better context. Why is Randia against marriage: A few threads seemed to suggest that Randians are against marriage while some answers were obviously sarcastic I still couldnt find out why.. Indian and Italy sign a new MoU for cooperation in Agriculture and Phytosanitary issues. Consumer Price Inflation . Major Boost for Rail connectivity in Arunachal Pradesh. Has anyone exchanged their laptop via flipkart. Max fiasco A doctor makes sense of why a hospital declared a living baby dead. Proof of temple found at Ayodhya ASI report. Should my non indian citizen grand mother use her aadhaar card for income tax: I think only indian citizens can get aadhaar. But she got it made last year. Another reason aadhaar sucks anyway her CA told her to not use the aadhaar card and sign up as NRI on income tax. she has not stayed in india for greater than 182 days. she is a foreign citizen or indian origin. A rarity in winters Delhi NCR has clear blue skies today we can see the clouds.. Has anybody tried using mAadhar to enter airports : Was curious if anybody has been successful because most morons dont know about eAadhar or mAadhar while still accepting plastic cards as original and rejecting my eAadhar printout as color copy Please keep your tinfoil hats to yourself thank you. . [Serious] Randians hypothetically speaking if Rahul Gandhi was to stand for PM how would you sell him to the masses seeing the current nature of things Think marketing.: I was wondering to take the route of spotting his defects and riding on those selling it to an extent where the matter is so big that even the people wouldnt notice it defects anymore. To give you context this is for an assignment Would appreciate some help. Have a good day folks . How do I complain about Net Neutrality violations: Got a text message from my ISP saying they now offer 200mbps fast lane speeds for YouTube Netflix WhatsApp and a few other services. What can I do to attempt to take action against them . Indian users to consume 11GB mobile data per month in 4 years says Google. I just received a believable phishing credit card text.. [R] Silly question on office etiquette.: How do I stop people from constantly borrowing my mobile charger I feel like I dont even get to use it even though I have paid for it. Someone or the other keeps using it. T Before you guys say Say No that is not an option. Simply because it would be weird to refuse something like that. After all I keep borrowing food that these guys bring to office from time to .. BSNL Mobile users are you getting OTP from this: https//portal2.bsnl.in/myportal/authorize.do i have been waiting for last 1 hour from now.. and it seems like their system isnt working well.. Where can i find a Sensory Deprivation Tank center in india: context https//www.youtube.com/watchv2mMVipmIQ0 im surprised this thing isnt popular in india how many of you have tried this its also known as samadhi tank. Video Showing BurqaClad Girls Dancing In A Flash Mob In Kerala Irks Twitters Sanskaari Brigade. Shashi Kapoor one of Indian cinemas most loved stars dies. Tributes pour in on Twitter. from r/Pakistan: [deleted]. Burning Bridges: [deleted]. SOS related folks of Kerala and other who has seen Cyclone how can we Gujarati and Maharashtra folks can protect against it: I just read it took 19lives from kerala. Its called ockhi Cyclone. Alert your self if you havent read about it.. [R]Money deducted from my account without using pin when donating to Wiki: I just donated some money to wikipedia thru amazon pay and my money was deducted without needing my PIN or 3d secure password. This has happened before as well when I added my card details to google play. How is this happening Why can deductions be made without my password. The Hadiya case Has the Supreme Court nothing better to do. Over 900 Kerala fishermen reach Maharashtra coast safe Fadnavis. IT uncovers doctorlab referral nexus in Bengaluru. Where can I make money for IT work: [removed]. My IDEA phone balance goes down to 0 within 30 minutes HELP: [removed]. 90 deaths on roads due to rash driving NCRB. is this a beauty treatment or animal torture: https//www.youtube.com/watchvXJW0oNM4T0Q i remember when i did teeth grinding i felt so much pain.. i can imagine how much pain this poor animal was facing in the video. do we have any laws in india that control this type of act happening is it still in practice. Can we stop with the pic of beautiful location: I know I can ignore them but I have been seeing lot of this pic on Reddit I joined Reddit so that I can enjoy it I dont want it to be like Facebook where I feel my life is miserable shit. I know I am being stupid but it makes me sad that I am missing so much out of my life missing so much fun and beauty of nature. I know I am selfish and you can downvote fuck out of me but Please let Reddit be Reddit not a Facebook or Instagram.. [R] Hey guys suggest me a good android phone under 8k: Suggest me a phone under 8k with good enough battery and no lagging issues for my aunt. She mostly makes calls uses WhatsApp and YouTube. Any upcoming phones too are welcome.. [Reddiquette] Rant about quora: Let me begin by clearing why I use quora. While reddit is great for asking question on various communities quora is the only place where I can get unironic answers for my questions related to various exams conducted in India. But what is up with these Indian quora users Do they really think that giving a really long answer would make up for the lack of attention they received from the opposite gender in their school college. What is inhibiting them from giving a straight and concise answer to simple straight forward question. Now I know that there are quorans who wave around their degrees from IITs and IIMs but truth be told rarely I have seen an IIM grad irl who gives such long and lofty answer to anything. They keep it short and simple. The same cannot be said about IITians. Yes I know you worked hard to get where you are but you dont have to rub it in on someone who doesnt care about your degree and is just here for clearing something up. Coming back to the rant does every answer need to be an essay on your life Also if I am asking an insightful/technical question of which I happen to know somethings I am really interested in what I asked. I dont want the googled textbook definition that you ripped off from a website to sound smart and I certainly dont need all the background information on the topic. For example I recently came across a question asking if Arnab Goswami is a liberal or conservative. Now this randi quoran gave a 200 word explanation on what it means to be a liberal and a conservative. And then went on to the function of the government. In the final sentence was his answer. THE ANSWER NEEDED WAS JUST ONE SENTENCE and he wrote 500 word essay. Also the whole of quora is the r/askreddit sub. All the question that get answered are the questions which have nothing insightful. I remember asking a question about the Rakhine situation and ended up getting answers from an extremely xenophobic dude who ranted how all bangladeshis should be killed who come to India. I mean dude can you even read. I just asked why Myanmar refused to accept Rohingya as its residents. Also what is up with these teenagers giving out life lessons They are 18 ffs. They have barely even experienced it. Tldr Rants of a madman on quora users. I know there are subreddits such as r/indianpeoplequora and r/rant however I chose this subreddit since the people at r/rant wont get what I am on about and it isnt exacty r/indianpeoplequora material.. Indias mobile data traffic to grow 11 times in 6 years. Anyone here been to NDA Khadakwasla Or know anyone whos been [R][NP]: Im doing a bit of research into the Armed Forces Academy at Khadakwasla. If anyone here has either firsthand experience of life at NDA or know someone who does I would appreciate a quick email chat. [R] Resident Indians Do you relate to the millenials vs baby boomers economic conflict: I read about it on reddit a lot but its always in the american context. I dont know if there is a similar problem in India but I do know that the dream of owning a flat in a metro city is going to remain a dream for me. What do you think Edit Im talking about how inflation had increased prices but minimum wage has not increased proportionally how college tuition fees has skyrocketed how home rates have skyrocketed and how these things have changed American spending habits and consumer behavior for the millennials but the societal acceptance that quality of life of the median income American family has changed has not sunk in yet. My question is whether you see a parallel in India . AMA tomorrow night on Bengaluru Master Plan 2031 on r/bangalore: Hey guys for ones who are curious about how cities are planned and what are the future plans for bengaluru feel free to join us at r/bangalore tomorrow night. I will hold an AMA post dinner tomorrow. . How many of you are crorepatis: You own hard earned money the share that you might get from your ancestral property I am a crorepati with share from ancestral property maybe a few lakhs from my own earned monies. [R]can you tell me the name of the song of jab harry met sejal in prague clue: what is the name of the song in jab harry met sejal when they went to pragues clue where Nastassja was pole dancing. Any foreign guy over here who is studying in Delhi India currently If yes then please send me a message.: I am posting on reddit because none of my other social media platforms would help me reach so many people at once. I cant tell you as of now as to why I am posting this but its something important so if you are a foreign student who is studying in any college in Delhi then please send me a personal message.. Suggestions for a portable hard drive..: Im thinking of buying a portable hard drive of 2 TB capacity but Im wondering if 2 TB will be excess and I should buy 1 TB instead. My laptops 1 TB hard drive is full and I need more storage. Suggest some hard drives that are reliable... Overlapping sets of Twitter handles are used to spread fake News / fake Trends on Twitter India. Overlapping sets of Twitter handles are used to spread fake News / fake Trends on Twitter India: [deleted]. Infographic A peek into the sex lives of Indians Times of India. GST rumor fact check request supposed Fortis hospital bill for Dengue Treatment. UP Civic Poll Results LIVE Updates BJP Set for Big Win Ahead in 14 Mayoral Seats. Please help out a doggo in Lajpat Nagar: I visited Lajpat Nagar this Sunday. In Pushpa market I saw a dog who was fat and had trouble walking. It was not due to a limp. He was fat I thought he may have problem with his spine. My exams are ongoing so I forgot about it till today morning when I had some free time. I got in touch with Friendicoes who were very helpful and courteous and said that the dog is probably suffering from Arthritis which you know is extremely painful. They cant go to the market since it is highly populated and dog catching may be considered cruelty by some. So Friendicoes has asked me to identify someone who will be there in the market when they show up so that the process can be smooth. The dog was lying down in front of a white room on the middle of the pushpa market Street. Policemen also stood there occasionally. So if someone is in the market please get in touch with Friendicoes after identifying the dog. I live close to the border and it will be difficult to go to Lajpat Nagar right now since I have exams going on. The dog can be identified by these 1. He is fat. 2. He has difficulty walking is probably suffering from Arthritis. 3. Has an extremely dejected hopeless and helpless look in his face. 4. He may be lying down on a green spongy thing in front of the white room in the market. Any help will be great. Thanks.. Hadiya case is an example of how Indian society loves to cage women. Cant Have a Terrorist in My Family Hadiyas Father on SC Order. My exgirlfriend just got married: Been a while since we broke up and had no idea what she was up to. Just happened to stumble upon her wedding pics on fb and while im happy for her im not sure how i feel towards her husband. For a moment i felt disdain towards him not for taking her away from me lol but for marrying her. Its like hes having sloppy seconds. Never felt this way before and the mere thought of it makes me feel like what the fuck is wrong with me. I know the poor guy hasnt done anything wrong but subconsciously my brain is like What a loser. And then it hit me in 56 years I will get married too and what if my wife had boyfriends in her past Would he think the same of me Im just freaking out thinking about all this. Is this a normal thing or Im just being an awful person for thinking this way What do I do to get rid of this feeling . Instead of having monthly plans india needs per day plan laws for the internet connection here is why: suppose i bought bsnl 444rs plan 4gb/day. internet worked great for a week and suddenly internet went crazy and down to 8kb/s speed which is my actual download speed right now even tho im on 3G. so my argument is that when internet goes down for whole day or whole week broadband providers wired/wirelss folks dont give us that money so technically they are looting us. so there should be freez my internet plan option so that telecos wont get money if they fail to provide decent internet. share your thoughts about this issue. have you noticed because of jio now politicians aint talking about internet issues anymore.. The specially abled Audi.. So Modi Obama Ambani Rose mcgowan actress and Weinstein accuser Salman Khan Naomi campbell Yogi etc. are invitees to Hindustan Times Leadership Summit Nov 30Dec 1: Follow and Watch here http//www.hindustantimes.com/htls/ Live https//www.youtube.com/watchvRk9RvRCTA. i see you all boys and girls and raise you this beauty. the tigeress.. So Modi Obama Ambani Rose mcgowan actress and Weinstein accuser Salman Khan Naomi campbell Yogi etc. are invitees to Hindustan Times Leadership Summit Nov 30Dec 1: [deleted]. So Modi Obama Ambani Rose mcgowan actress and Weinstein accuser Salman Khan Naomi campbell Yogi etc. are invitees to Hindustan Times Leadership Summit Nov 30Dec 1: [deleted]. The hoarding that Suhel Seth doesnt want you to see using his influence with Smriti Irani. So Modi Obama Ambani Rose mcgowan actress and Weinstein accuser Salman Khan Naomi campbell Yogi etc. are invitees to Hindustan Times Leadership Summit Nov 30Dec 1: [deleted]. Media has been gagged from reporting rest of the Sohrabuddin trial where Amit Shah was an accused earlier. Reporters can attend the trial but cant write about it.: I am completely stunned by what has been going on lately with regards to judiciary. They have used security and sensitivity of the matter as an excuse in this case. Cant that be said about any case that involves a public figure Should we go ahead and gag reporting of every case It is media scrutiny that provides any kind of security to the victim Loyas family in this case. But the court is ignoring the reality and siding with the powerful accused The defence had in fact asked for complete ban on print electronic and social media. Prashant Bhushan [tweeted]https//twitter.com/pbhushan1/status/936085690818879488 about this and included a newspaper article. I found an online version of the paper. gt [Can attend but not report media gag in Sohrabuddin trial]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/canattendbutnotreportmediagaginsohrabuddinsheikhtrial4961193/ gt Although the court has not specified in its order the media will be allowed to sit in court during the proceedings but will not be allowed to publish anything related to it. Just see the reactions from other legal professionals. gt Commenting on the gag order former Attorney General of India Soli Sorabjee said I am against any curbs on media reporting unless there are compelling reasons of national security. And I see none in this. gt Senior lawyer and former advocate general of Maharashtra Ravi Kadam said This is unusual. What is the point of a public trial That justice is done and seen to be done. This is not a good enough reason. He judge can give security or control the number of people given access to the court. The media cannot be kept out. The media is not a threat to anybody. This is very wrong. I have never seen anything like thisproceedings kept away from the media because it may embarrass someone. gt Gag orders generally should never be made by a courtwithout proper reasons it is undemocratic. A gag order should never be made on the mere asking. There should be proper pleadings and proofs as to why it is absolutely necessary said Colin Gonsalves senior Supreme Court lawyer gt Disagreeing with the order Mumbaibased senior criminal lawyer Vijay Pradhan said If there is a child witness to be examined offences of rape if there is a question of privilege claimed over a document related to state security that could be in camera. Inherently it is the judges right but as a matter of principle it is generally avoided. gt Barring media coverage in a trial arises in exceptional circumstances. What is the real security problem which has arisen or is likely to arise by media reporting needs to be seen said senior counsel Amit Desai. gt Former Bombay High Court judge Hosbet Suresh said \I think prima facie in a country like ours to prevent reporting is fundamentally wrong. Our constitution guarantees freedom of the press. People have a right to know what is happening in courtrooms. Whats going on. I see your pretty bois and i raise you my thicc boi. Love him.. I see all of your pretty bois. I raise my thicc boi instead. Love him.. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood. [Thread] Hello Gardeners plants enthusiasts of r/India Post your cherished possession from your garden. Over 60 Percent of Indian Youth Consider Entrepreneurship as a Good Prospect for Earning. Why do people feel the need to oneup each other whenever a pic of some scenic location is posted [Ask] [R]: [removed]. [R] Are porn sites banned in India: I cant access porn sitesthe popular ones from my bsnl broadband. Is anyone else experiencing this. Mysterious Boom in hindi part 1 II Bama Boom II Mysterious loud noise. In 21st century India the Supreme Court is treating an adult woman like shes her fathers property. [R] Ideas MindBlowing Customer Care Reply To Aadhaar Troubles Link With Aadhaar: [deleted]. Which MBA program is better and why: ISB PGP or SP Jain PGDM . The identity crisis of Middle India: [removed]. Randians where do you get your news: Over the years I curated these RSS feeds from top News and tech Media sites into a single feed at http//rss.sharjeelsayed.com which I load into IFFFT for instant news alerts on my mobile and on inoreader to read at leisure. Curious to know where do you get your daily dose of news besides Reddit For folks who want to know my setup here it is. News Notifications iOS/Android Install the IFTTT Mobile app and add http//rss.sharjeelsayed.com into the Feed URL field in https//ifttt.com/applets/456148p RSS Reader Web/iOS/Android Import http//opml.sharjeelsayed.com into inoreader.com. PPF at post office do they accept deposit by bank cheque: [deleted]. im going to south india NEED travel advice and Life pro tips..[SERIOUS]: hi guys i am travelling from delhi to coimbatorekodaikanal and then pondicherry chennai from 1st to 5th will be travelling via a rental car and staying at airbnbs. It doesnt help that i look like a Gujjar from haryana Big bulky guy with a beard and stache wheat complexion. Why i am asking this is because i have heard that a lot of discrimination goes down south Also once i met a girl from chennai and she told me i look like a kashmiri and im like o.O. Nvm that. WE guys from the north cant do without 2 things 1. poo in the loo 2. abuse in hindi in every sentence play haryanvi music dhinack dhinchak. That was a joke yeah biswa kalyan isnt really that funny abusing in loud voices makes you sound like a donkey mate. also every north indian / shit in the streets member gangrape INC and a violent hooligan. Please bollywood stop portraying us like that we are very genteel and normal people we do have our inside racist jokes but that doesnt meant we harbour any illwill. this post should be enough proof of the same. So ok really any advice / things to keep in mind/ life pro tips / hacks which i can use something i should be aware of considering i am travelling for the first time EDIT Thanks for all the responses guys im genuinely really thankful for all you have told me i really expected this thread to become a 1.6LPM / aunty from mercedes / SAX / im a grill thread. . AAP kept double accounts dodged tax authorities Yogendra Yadav. Someone should contact shasi or other political guy who can raise this internet FUP issue in india: This guy commented about how internet speed limits must go this argument is an anti dot for the DOTDepartment of telecom The internet is where many people do commerce. Wouldnt enacting a speed limit reduce the amount of commerce these people do with each other Any profits these companies make from throttling would turn into deadweight loss for consumers resulting in a net loss for the economy as a whole. Why arent economists speaking up against this Its like making the speed limit 20mph on the interstate. [The second half of this comment has been blocked. Upgrade to Xfinity platinum to read the rest of this premium content] Call your congressman everybody. Regulate the internet as a utility. r/worldnews/comments/7g4za4/nooneownsinternetsoitshouldbeopenand/dqgldnp/. [P] Do Indians Hate Englanders: England had colonized all of India. In the process they killed 50 million people and turned 99.9 percent of Indians into slaves. How much do Indians hate the Brits Do they want Brits dead If so how many would they like Do they think evil England excludes Wales and Scotland deserves atomic bombs to be dropped on them. sugesstions needed to deal with a domestic abuse situation. [R] need suggestions to sort out this domestic abuse situation. 10 Ways India Has Changed Over The Last Decade. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood: [deleted]. Follow GES2017 hashtag on Twitter. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood: [deleted]. Does the BSNL 1099 unlimited 3g plan has a hidden fup: I have been using it heavily today and the speed seems to have reduced to 1020kbps. Is it just me or is there a hidden fup Edit Have. Follow GES2017 hashtag on Twitter: [deleted]. Follow GES2017 hashtag on Twitter: [deleted]. India will need 2.07 million more doctors by 2030 says study. Follow GES2017 hashtag on Twitter: [deleted]. India loses billions to air pollution says United Nations. Not just donkeys all these animals have spent time in jail in India and abroad. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood: [deleted]. Fellow Redditors please report this youtube channel Date Beautiful Girls: [removed]. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood: [deleted]. I dont understand why Nepotism in Bollywood is so frowned upon.: I am not supporting Nepotism but in a capitalist society nepotism happens everywhere Starting from inheritance of wealth Rich children has more chance of survival than a child born in a poor family. Rich everywhere has an advantage over poor amp poor people has to struggle there way through thats a given in capitalist society amp its not just bollywood everywhere it is happening. Do you think its just bollywood children who has an advantage in getting into films If ambani children wants to do lead role in a Superhero movie he will. Siddharth Mallya is already doing some Hollywood movie And I think in terms of nepotism film industry is okay to have nepotism because its private and its a free market. Just because some actors are doing movie doesnt mean other actors cannot Everyone can participate. If youve advantage of money power contacts which you or your parents or family members made you use them. Thats how capitalism works not just in Bollywood but everywhere. Anyone can make movies the existing stars are not stopping anyone from entering film industry just that theyre making movies with the people they want amp there are people to watch it. If theres demand there will be supply. Children inherits parents property and business so doesnt the rich have an advantage in comparison to the poor who has to start everything from scratch My parents are practicing chartered accountants when I start my practice is it wrong to join my parents firm and take over the clients because Ill have advantage over other new chartered accountants who has 0 background and has to start from zero If it is why these things are not called upon as much as nepotism in bollywood EDIT I know its an unpopular opinion if youre downvoting it would be great if you can tell where and why I am wrong.. [Serious] Need career advice for someone who is 30 me.: Hi. Im 30. And im a software engineer. I want to change my line of work. I want to do something that isnt a 9 to 5. Something that isnt IT. I want something more flexible. I can work for long stretches of time I just want to break free of the monotony. I like to read about politics sociology and sometimes technology. I also like to write fiction and satire I already have a significant body of work PM me for links. I can sing reasonably well. I have been told I have a voice that should be on radio. I am also short and my physical prowess is below average at best. I am not intimidating in anyway. So I cant be a sports person or a bouncer or a model or whatever. Now I have enough saved away to chill at home for a few months Id rather not do that tho and pick up a new skill. I am single unmarried have no intentions of getting married or having kids. I also have very few expenses outside of my weekend alcohol binges and almost no liabilities. So I can be very aggressive about what Im looking for. So.. what are my options Please suggest anything. Out of the box or otherwise. Be creative. Surprise me. . Its not worth anymore to prepare for any exams NBE: Recently tried to get slot to write exam in my state it was not available then tried to see if its there in neighboring state .. nothing only remaining option is assam. Called NBE recorded too to clarify the issue they spoke arrogantly that seats are filled and its a first come basis. How can you conduct a national level exam with limited seats on first come basis Every time we have a NEET / DNB exams students are frantic to get the slot in nearby area. That hope closes as days closes to final date. Does NBE want students to travel thousands of kilometer take lodging and endure all kind of stress from travel and monetary spending to even write the exam when NBE cant secure enough slots for exams in each state Update 1 The slots opened made the payment it failed now i dont have any balance to make the payment .. and cant contact ... JUST AWESOME Update 2 Finally ... was able to book the slot thanks for headsup regarding the new slots which were made available in TN . Is this the way one conducts the exam Making slots available the very last day Made a mess when they asked for thumb print.. JEEZ . [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood. Funny Music and Dance Concert Rehearsal. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood: [deleted]. [Must listen Podcast] India Has the Weinstein effect hit Bollywood: [deleted]. Need Career Advice [R]: Okay Im a student of Class 11th CommerceMaths and I have already failed one year with PCM mostly because I didnt get tution and fucked up my self that year. I am currently doing well with Commerce and feel that I can get good marks in the finals in 12th but I cant decide what course to follow in college I initially took PCM because I wanted to do B.Cs Bachelors in Computer science from a foreign university but after joining Commerce I cant decide whether to follow the CS route or a Business management route. The requirements to do a B.Cs course in a foreign university are pretty low with a minimum requirement of 6570 in boards with 7075 in maths along with the usual TOEFL and SAT exams and I have absolutely no idea about any course I can do from Commerce apart from the usual BBA and MBA. I need some serious advice on available course that can get me a high paying job whether its in another country or in Indian itself and also some help with the SAT and TOEFL exams how to prepare when to give what would be a good score etc. [R]Open sexism in hiring for white collar jobs: Are we not even pretending to have equality of opportunity in private jobs now I realize that it is not illegal but not a single article against such practices in social media outlets either http//imagestore.slidesharecdn.com/0c081bbfda3841f4935f6fe159afc55coriginal.jpeg https//www.headhonchos.com/jobs/i90SystemDeveloperFemaleCandidatesOnlySoftwareDesignDevelopmentITTechnologySoftwareServicesBangalore1166739.html. [R] Need advice getting better teeth: Hello r/India. Throughout my life I have had slightly yellowish teeth and frankly it has now become embarrassing to the point of affecting my self confidence. I cant even smile without getting reminded of this. I tend to brush my teeth everyday although once and dont drink sugary drinks that enough. I dont even drink tea and I like my coffee milky. I dont have plaques on my teeth. I realize that teeth are naturally yellow but mine are yellow to the point of being embarassed about them How should I go on about getting slightly better dental health and not yellow teeth Posting this here since I would prefer advice that I can relate with Indian lifestyle.. Nehru Stands Above Ambedkar In The Writing Of Indias Constitution. Rahul in party mood soon after Mumbai crisis Old 2008Dec. NVSP allowing only Citizens by birth to register to vote. Gujarat elections Let alone defeat even a truncated Gujarat victory can pose challenge to Modi. Bringing in a Sonos Play5 speakers to India [R]: Im considering getting myself a Sonos Play5 wireless speakers from the U.S. during my next trip. They are approx 7 KGs in weight and 500 value. What should I keep in mind to ensure hasslefree import . Help regarding refund: During the flipkart sale in may 2017 I had ordered for an apple watch but later cancelled it. They promised me a refund within a week. But till now I havent got the refund. When I contact flipkart they say that they have already refunded the amount to the bank. And when I contact my bank they say that nothing of that sort had happened. My bank told me to file a charge back sheet which I did. After a month and a half my bank told me that the claim got rejected. They sent me a response that they got from flipkart. Their response clearly states that the amount has been refunded but my bank is still refusing to refund. I have filled a consumer complaint. What else can I do P.s should I post the response that my bank got from flipkart. [R] Govt of India sites uses eMudhra as certifying authority. But Firefox doesnt recognize these certificates. How do I fix this. [NP] [R] Suggest me movies like No Smoking: Films that are open to interpretation abstract makes you think watch more than once.... Preferably in hindi or English . NSFW Had a ONS Yesterday. Got laid with a stranger.: Was in a pub yday chatted up an average looking girl . took her to her place and did it. A first of an experience and was actually startled. How common is casual sex in India Whats your story of a one night stand How did you chat her up Whos place How many times have you done it PS Obviously its a throwaway account. SQL Prep Free Daily Challenge 2: [removed]. TIL An estimated 28 million Indians died between 18501900 due to famines on account of colonial rule: [removed]. Help me decode my nicotine test results: Hello r/india. I am frankly stumped at what is happening here. Please help me out with any advice you have I recently applied for a term life insurance. I had to go through some medical tests. It involved testing for nicotine through urine cotinine test. The nicotine test came out positive. I am a vegetarian. I have never smoked in my life. I do not have any reason to believe these came out positive because of passive smoking. I was quite flummoxed. I talked to the lab personnel. They said that this can happen because of tomatoes The insurance company increased the premium. So I wrote a letter saying I never smoked etc. They did not budge which is fair enough. I cancelled my application. I read up about this. Apparently positive results are seen because of tomatoes garlic and almonds. I decided to change my diet. For the past one week I have only eaten dalrice and curdrice. I have eaten only at home. I read that oranges flush out nicotine and so I ate an orange twice everyday. Today morning I went for another test and that came out positive too. My paternal grandfather used to chew tobacco. My father used to chew earlier but has quit now. Will that cause any issues I am not really worried about paying a high premium I am more concerned about why I get a positive result every time Please help. Going to watch a movie just not feeling patriotic today what should I do. [offer] Hey r/India I have some postcards that have been sitting idle at my place. I want to post them anyone up for it [r]: So I have around 8 postcards 2 architectural designs 2 silhouette type 3 with the structure/ monument and one is landscapesque some background. No one at my home is finding the idea of letter exchange/ postcards interesting and I couldnt find any post related to India at r/PostcardExchange. You dont have to pay I have stamped em they are just looking for some mailboxes. Its just a random act not kindness I guess but I do love these postcards and I would love to share these Ill be crossposting it to other r/India related subs as well. Thank you have a great day 1544 update 6 done two more to go Just a heads up if youre in/ in the neighbouring state of Maharashtra youll receive it by next week itself. Else itll take 10 days max. 850 Update2 posted 7 of em. If you havent sent your address yet but we talked on DM dont worry Ill see if I have more postcards around and will send you I hope it doesnt take more than 10 days. hoy por t maana por yo . I was sick of the hateful climate in Gujarat Judge explains why he quit after the riots. Has anyone watched An Insignificant Man: Curious if anyone has watched the recently released documentary on AAP An Insignificant Man. I want to watch it but live abroad. Would love to hear your opinions if you have seen it.. [R] Need some serious help here guys. Does the BSNL 1099 plan work when roaming. Indian Civil Engineering Job With Foreign Degree [R]: I will be getting a civil engineering bachelor degree from a good US college soon. How does one find a job in India and how is the one ay I expect a significant lower pay than US but I want to know how much. Specifically looking for job around Punjab Haryana Chandigarh.. [R]This came in WhatsApp today.: UNVERIFIED Which loverboy used to send love letters daily to his lover girl in London through special Air India flight Which desh bakhtsent special Indian Navy ships to lay wreath on sea burial of his foreigner girlfriend Which desh bakht Prime Minister gave away 85800 sq km of JampK to Pakistan and 37244 sq km to China Which desh bakth Prime Minister wanted to make Hyderabad another Kashmir by refusing to take action on proPak Razakars and instead took the issue to UN While Swatantrya Veer Savarkar spent 13 years of torture in Kalapani jail who got five stars treatment for three years in jail in A. Nagar Fort playing badminton cooking in separate kitchen gardening Who first said by education I am an Englishman by views I am an internationalist by culture I am a Muslim and I am a Hindu only by accident of birth Which antinepotism PM dated Sarojini Naidus daughter Padmaja Naidu and appointed her as Governor of Bengal When Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar was drafting the Indian Constitution who was writing letters to Frances Gunther saying when I touch your letters I feel the touch of your hand Who insisted on becoming the Prime Minister when the Pradesh Congress Committees overwhelmingly in favour of Sardar Patel Which Prime Minister rejected Nepals offer to merge with India When he was told about first scam of Govt of India which Prime Minister casually commented kahan gaya paisa India me hi toh hai Which powerhungry Prime Minister allowed himself to be blackmailed by the Russians who said they will release Subhash Chandra Bose if he Prime Minister didnt toe the line Which politician was so scared of Netajis popularity that he called him a war criminal for fighting alongside Axis in WW2 and colluded with the Allies to fix him When Sardar Patel died in 1950 which Prime Minister issued a notice to all ministers a d secretaries not to attend Sardars funeral Shyama Prasad Mookerjee stopped which powerful politician from giving away West Bengal also to Pakistan Who allegedly got Shyama Prasad Mookerjee murdered in Srinagar with help of his friend Sheikh Abdullah and then did not allow an inquiry into the unnatural death Who was so jealous of the highly educated Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar that he personally ensured his loss in the Lok Sabha elections so that Ambedkar could nor enter Parliament Which Indian Prime Minister refused Dr Babasaheb Ambedkars recommendation to adopt Uniform Civil Code When Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar boycotted the demand to include antiIndia Article 370 in Constitution who made Gopal Iyengar draft aspecial status separate constitution amp separate flag for Jammu and Kashmir Who opposed the reconstruction of Somnath Temple by Sardar Patel and told President Rajendra Prasad not to visit it as this would be against Secularism When asked who is the most nationalist Muslim in India what did Sardar Patel reply The answer to all the above questions is Jawaharlal Nehru. India is still paying a huge price for many of his arbitary and reckless decisions.. SQL Prep Free Daily Challenge 1: [removed]. [R] Delhi 4YearOlds Mother Gives Complete Account Of Her Sexual Assault: [deleted]. Writing Prompt Mumbai makes Aadhar mandatory for accessing public toilets.: 08/11/2019. Mumbai BMC has made Aadhar mandatory for using public toilets including ones in commercial buildings. There are plans to make it mandatory for using toilets at peoples homes too. This as per a central government ordinance to detect meat eaters in Mumbais localities this is also part of a larger plant to reeducate them about the benefits of Aadhar and Vegetarian food. People with meat detected in their poop will be shifted to temporary camps in Madhya Pradesh for reeducation. This move according this newspaper is a great move and will create jobs in India and Mumbai and also create social harmony. We hope the ordinance will be extended to the whole of India as was planned. Edit PS Guys this is a satire post. You guys are supposed to write a short story on this premise. Check out r/writingprompts. A short story on this premise could be anything. Preferably funny.. The Fortis case is no exception these charts show how healthcare costs are soaring in India. Video A group of brave acid attack survivors are rebuilding their lives by running a cafe in Agra. [R] What is the most significant change good/bad did you notice after BJP came to power: What I noticed it the social regressionit seems like were going back hundreds of years.This is worsened by Whats App unkills and IT cells exploiting peoples stereotypes and insecurities.. Dont blink in hindi episode 02. [R] How did high caste people interact with low caste people in the middle ages: Hello. Im trying to do some research on medieval India for a TRPG game and one thing I cant seem to find is how people of different castes interacted with each other in daily life. In my own country Japan there was a similar system so I could base it off of that but Im not sure if it would be accurate.. SQL Prep Free Daily Challenge 1: [removed]. Muslim property law.: Hey Im Joe I would like to ask a question.My family is a Muslim family. My mom died before my grandmother. After 14 years my grandmother transferred a farm property to my name as soon as I reached 18.When I turned 18while shegrandmotherwas alive it came to my name. After my grandmother died 4 years ago. The elder son and younger son denied to give me any part in other property will be listed below since my mom died before my grandmother.Then both of them agreed to share the property Among themselves. Is this true The properties will be 1house property where a three storey building constructed when my grandmother is alive by her. 2Farm lands which they got to know that one of it was given to me. They choose to take the remaining after my grandmother died . 3Some 90 cent house property.40 was written and given to the elder son when my grandmother was alive.the remaining 50 was given to younger son by agreement between both after grandmother death since the elder one the first 3 storey house land. Do I share any property as a heir to my mom If I do what is the law code that states such Because the lawyer I went and see in ramnathapuram said I dont have any right. I hope you all can help me.. Thank you so much.. Hey /r/India Need some help from you guys.: [removed]. Popup Anything at your Ecommerce Store Just 25. [P]. Deadly BrahMos testfired from Sukhoi30MKI becomes deep surgicalstrike missile. By June 2018 you will be able to see Smart Cities says Hardeep Singh Puri. Help needed with office situation [R]: Hi all My wife works in a multinational corporation in India and she recently got an opportunity to shift to US from there. She informed her boss about this and he said he didnt have any problems with it. However when she actually applied he comes back to her and has started saying terrible things like you are betraying the company and that hell ruin her chances of shifting to the US branch of the company by bad mouthing her and pretty much insinuated that he will label her as a careless person. I dont know what to do or how to handle the situation. She is a good performer and the US team let her know of the opening only because they felt so. He is making life miserable for her by constant shouting and screaming at her. The company hr is not helping out and keeps absent most of the time. What should we do How to handle such a situation in indian scenario Should she approach her bosses boss Or should she reach out to the higher up in the hr Dept Or should she reach out to the US team lead to explain a potential situation My apologies if this is the wrong thread but Im desperate here. Any constructive advice is welcome. Thank you.. After SlutShaming Her Haters Now Target Deepika For Wearing A Sari ampamp The Comments Are Nasty. Giving proxies like a boss be like[NP]: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 102: [removed]. Sandeep Manudhane perfectly explains hinduism.. Gujarat Records Most Deaths Due to Malnourishment Disability in 2016 Study. Information about CAT Exam. How many days does it take for disconnection after surrendering my BSNL landline: I surrendered my landline today and paid all outstanding bills. My usual billing cycle is tomorrow 22nd. How long will I get my internet connection. [LPT] Watch TV series/ movies at gt2x speed with subtitles to save time: For the working class time is precious. Use the saved time to watch another TV series. Certain series like Breaking Bad/ The leftovers are tad bit slow. One can easily speed up the video files to 2.5x and still understand whats happening by taking help from subtitles. That ways a 50 min episode can be viewed in 20 mins. This method is really useful while binge watching. For a season of 10 50 mins episode one can save 45 hours easily and thus can easily be finished on a working day. . Jio has been blocking pirate sites [R]: Jio has been actively blocking every type of torrent sites and movie download sites. They used show DOT compliance shit before but now they are outright stopping the connection even using vpn to access downloadhub gives the site has been blocked on your network message. Though you can browse and download from the site normally using VPN. I have used windscribe tunnelbear and cyberghost so far and all of them are giving same results though they used to function flawlessly. This isnt good.. The Shocking Death At Fortis amp How To Stop This MedicoLoot YouTube [R]. Leftist organizations push for draconian bill that may kill Karnatakas healthcare sector: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 101: [removed]. BJP Supporters of r/India Please answer these questions on Rafale Deal: Ive three question which I took from thewire I am not posting the article then the questions wont get addressed here. I am actually shocked to see Rafale deal not getting much attention even in r/India. I want to know the BJPs point of view I checked Quora but theyve completely ignored the topic. No surprise here though This was the initial agreement The company settled to sell its aircrafts at a base price of 10.2 billion approximately Rs 54000 crore as per the 2012 conversion rate. It was decided that out of 126 18 planes will be imported in a finished state or what the government called in a flyaway condition and the rest of them 108 would be manufactured by HAL to which the French company was obliged to transfer its technology. Dassault was also required to invest half of the total transaction amount in India according to the agreement. New agreement The previous deal with Dassault Aviation was cancelled in July 2015 and the Modi government signed a new deal with the company on September 23 2016 for the purchase of 36 Rafale fighter jets at a price of 8.7 billion. Effectively this means that 36 jets would now be obtained at Rs 58000 crore whereas the previous agreement would have entailed the procurement of 126 Rafale jets at a lesser price around Rs 54000 crore. Transferring technology was no more an obligation for Dassault Aviation. Instead of HAL getting to manufacture and maintain the Rafales RDL Reliance undertook the offset obligations of Rs 30000 crore with the French company for the newlypurchased fighter planes. The government also decided that apart from the 36 jets in flyaway condition no more jets would be purchased. Q1 Why Reliance replaced HAL a public limited company RDL was registered on 28Mar15 they won a 54000 crore joint venture replacing stateowned HCL within two weeks. Not crony capitalism Q2 Why are we buying it at higher price without additional benefits like the transfer of technology and capacitation of HAL Q3 Modi announced that India would buy 36 Rafale aircrafts all in a flyaway condition during his visit to France amp the meeting/tour was in absence of the then defence minister Parrikar but Modi was accompanied by Anil Ambani and also attended meetings with Dassault. Does Anil Ambani has a better say than our defence minister Isnt this a violation of Defense Procurement Procedure . Who was the photographer who took these dehumanising images of the Madras famine. FB DISABLED due to copyright infringement: My PERSONAL FB account got disabled due to copyright. I was live streaming a sports telecast. Is there a way to get it back . [ASK][SERIOUS] Can we register FIRs against the people who are giving out hitscontract kills against actors People have made FIRs against AIB for things like uploading a photo.: I hope we all come together to register FIRs against these stupid stupid people trying to wage an unnecessary war. . Exclusive AR Rahman Opens up on Faith SelfDoubt amp Bigotry. [R] The Soft Racism of Apu from The Simpsons. New flair for cartoons: [removed]. [R]andiansHelp please what should I keep in my mind for the 1st servicing of my 125 cc bike: What should I check while giving the bikE for 1st servicing I have heard they dont really do anything substantial except changing engine oil. Is this true All pointers/suggestionsare welcome.. Is it possible to change college halfway through the B.F.A. : My younger brother who is currenty studying BFA at [Mahatma Gandhi Chitrakoot Gramoday Vishwavidyalaya]http//www.mgcgvchitrakoot.com/ wants to change his college because of health reasons. He is currently in his 3rd semester and this semester will end next month. Is it possible for him to leave his current college and continue his course at another college i.e. taking a T.C. from current college and then taking admission in another college from 4th semester.. Indias 1st Woman PM Doting Granny Rare Pics of Indira Gandhi. Trivago man is annoying: That Foreign hindi accent along with his terrible moustache and goatee make me want bitch slap the man. Screw Trivago Clear Trip maybe crappier but atleast I dont see that awful face on advertising.. Indians helping Indians on Amazon India. the hottest x rated unseen porn videos for 18 years and abve only: [removed]. PSA Local Mobile agents may use your Adhaar to Create an Account with PayTm and Airtel without your knowledge for Earning Commissions: My neighbour had recently gone to link his Mobile with Adhaar and he called me to check if linking was successful. He is around 80 years old. While going through his SMS I saw that he had received a message from PayTM that his account had been successfully created using his Adhaar for KYC. I was surprised as my neighbour is not tech savvy and uses a basic feature phone and asked him if he had also opened a PayTm account. He said he hadnt and didnt even know what PayTm was. I then called PayTM from his mobile and when I asked them to delete the fraudulently created account their reply was not to bother about it as nothing will happen with the account. I got pissed and told him that we want the account deleted and a confirmation of the same. He said that accounts cannot be deleted but only blocked. I reminded him again that the account was not created by the owner and we wanted it deleted. He then transfered me to someone else who asked for my email id and said action would be taken in two days. When I didnt get any follow up messages I emailed them with the complaint number and asked them for an update. They replied and asked me to submit a copy of the account holders PAN card. I asked them to clarify why they needed additional documents other than what they already have as KYC for verification. They havent got back yet and we are planning to complain to RBI so that they take such issues more seriously. It does appear that both Airtel and PayTm are quite aware that their agents are creating such fraudulent accounts but prefer to act ignorant as it inflates their numbers that looks good for investors. Ask your less tech savvy relatives to be aware of such tactics. Worst case as told here by other redditors some of their DBT like gas subsidies might start going to these accounts and stolen by someone else.. 2017 Indira Gandhi Peace Prize goes to Dr Manmohan Singh. Dear Randia I feel inspired by the book [R]ich Dad and poor Dad please help me with business ideas: Context Rich Dad and Poor Dad book advocates investing in income generating assets. Assets can be anything that bring in flow of money. Thus your house and your car is not an asset it does not bring in flow of money. Some of you may not agree with this because your bank lets you state your house and car as an asset. I invite you to read the book for detailed explanation. My plan to have better financial future Invest in businesses. I have a job of my own but I earn enough to pay someone around 20k per month which I think is not too bad for a II or III tier city. I want to take advantage of this. I am now looking for low investment business ideas in which full time employee can make money for me. I plan to invest the profit in the business itself to make business or businesses bigger. The goal is to come have a substantial income from the assets through investment yes I am considering bussiness as asset. Business can be anything from tea stall to an IT project literally. Do you have any ideas or do you want to brainstorm together . How do you participate in Secret Santa: How would I be able to send gifts if I get a match who is somewhere foreign . Need help regarding visa: Hello. Little background about myself I am a Pakistani living in Singapore. I was born in Singapore am Singaporean and have a Singapore passport. My parents are both Singaporeans. However my father was born in Pakistan. I am planning to go to India in December together with a group of friends to carry out a volunteer project. I applied for visa to India about 2 months ago and have no updates till today. Its really urgent because I need to book for flights and my team is already short on manpower. I tried calling the embassy and they dont want to entertain me. Theyre giving me a lot of problems for being of Pakistan Origin. Im really sad and need advice. Should I apply for eVisa instead Is it possible to apply for Visa twice although one hasnt been approved. Please help. Thanks. . Phir Mujhe Dil Se Pukar Tu Doraemon NOBITA AND SHIZUKA VIDEO SONG. Airtel used my aadhaar kyc without consent: Last week I linked my Airtel mobile number with aadhaar from airtel store nearby. Today I found that assholes have started an airtel payment bank savings account with the same KYC without my knowledge. Is this legal Can a company authenticate a user once with aadhaar and use the same across multiple products of the company. Is the admission procedure for NICMAR hard. Padmavati How a Sufi text for Rajput kings became a tool of nationalism. Engineering students DO THIS if you do not want to be dragged down by the rote learning based education system in India: 1 One project every semester. Put all your code on GitHub. Sinceif you are a CS student itll be done in your room itself or library. Projects for other trades will incur a lot of money focus on doing the project up to the fabrication phase. Document everything and date it. Make individual files. 4 years later you need to be able to show something. Objections raised about this NEXT point by people more learned than me read what they have to say in the comments. 2 One research paper every year. MUST. Try to align your paper and project to complement each other. Lower the burden. 3 Go through the CSor any other trade course of MITor any other standardised fully available online course. Study it and discuss online if possible. Use it for your projects and research papers. This way youll inculcate those learnings. 4 Apply for internships online at STARTUPS. Your online code repository will help here. Stay away from IT industry. Not good for learning on the job. 5 Make resume RIGHT NOW. Doesnt need to be good skip all the MS Word shite. On the contrary itll be empty. Make another resumean ideal onesomething that you hope to achieve. Put them beside each other on the wall. EVERY decision you make over the next 3/4 years should be to strive this. You do this. Forget friends tell them NO I NEED TO GET THIS DONE FIRST. Just dive in. Take inspiration from this guys hard work. [A Week in the Life of an MIT Student Day 1]https//youtu.be/8wTYikxSj0 If you are not as busy as this guy you are not doing the kind of engineering you desire. All those college mein masti movies have been a lie. I wrote this as a reply to u/Earagav a CS student. Adapt this to your trade. I have been through this system from a shitty Engineering college. Its left me depressed. I hope to be able to help someone through what Ive learnt. Redditors please contribute below. Suggest practical ways to improve employability of freshers. Show this to any Engineering students you know. Make this a bloody whatsapp post and circulate it. Edits multiple . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 100: [removed]. [PSA] Last date of linking your Aachar card with r/India is 32nd December 2017. Please link your Aachar card as soon as possible for uninterrupted submission of your posts.. Find Girls PG In GTB Nagar At Studentacco Pay No Brokerage. [R] Is it worth interning at an unknown startup: I am going to start a web dev internship at an unknown startup it is paid but nothing great lt 10k. Just wanted some advice on whether it will be helpful when applying to full time jobs in other small to midsized companies i mean do other recruiters really care about the internship when certificates can be forged easily. The startup so far seems legit with some known customers and all but it isnt funded.. Is interning at unknown startup worth it. Is it actually legal when traffic police flag you for riding without helmet then challan you a reduced amount and give you a slip for it.. [R]. What running shoes are you using [R]: Now that the marathon season is upon us looking to invest in a good pair of shoes for long distance running. Recommendations . If you are bored then check out the comments on this TOI article. Link below.: Ambanis top Forbes list of Asias richest families pip Lees of South Korea http//toi.in/PQODmb3/a19li. On National Press Day Rajasthan Patrika leaves its editorial blank. Baner bar complainant apologises after fiasco. 1BHK Superbar director feels honesty prevails although he is not happy about loss of business for fourfive days. As India Endures Blanket of Smog Chinas Battle Offers Lessons. Why isnt anyone talking about zomato gold.. Do people fail to realize how awesome it actually is.. [R]. [R] [Serious] Folks who support their parents financially and are married is your spouse supportive of it: I support my parents financially and Im getting married in a couple of months. My fianc on the other hand doesnt have any such obligations to her parents. While she has been mostly supportive about my decision she once in a while mentions something or the other about my financial obligations and how limiting it might turn out to be in the future. How are folks who are in a similar boat dealing with this. I just turned 19 and I feel sad. Need your advice /r/india: So I rarely post here but Im just sort of troubled atm and I figured this shall be the best forum for advice from people I can relate with. I just turned 19 an hour ago and I feel so sad. Im turning old and let down with where I am right now. Looking back I couldve done so much and I was definitely capable of doing extraordinary things. I also feel like Im missing out on life. I still am not in university and I dont have many friends. Is this normal to feel like this Also those who are older than me did you go through the same thing and looking back what do you think. /r/India mods why you do this: [removed]. UPDATE 1BHK Superbar Pune: Hi r/India Weve met the actual owner of 1BHK Superbar Mr. Shelke and hes been supportive and understanding of the situation we have been in. The 2 reddit accounts are under investigation by the Cyber Cell Unit Pune Police. We need to find who the actual owners of those accounts are who have been sending those threat messages to me. Initial claims by Rajat Grover have been that he does not own those fake accounts. Neither do I or others involved own those fake accounts either. The investigation is ongoing to show who the real account owner is. I just want to emphasize a few things to r/India 1. 1BHK Superbar owner is Mr. Shelke who has been a complete gentleman understanding the fear threats we were receiving from the accounts in question. He created an environment of a healthy discussion to happen. 2. His business is suffering because of two reddit fake accounts whose ownership is being investigated right now. 3. Our vendetta should not be towards 1BHK Superbar I have mentioned this before in a public interview as well that we were satisfied with the food amp servers at the venue and hope it does the best. 4. The most surprising response has been of Zomato which has been 0 response. Super disappointed by the Zomato team. 5. Lets ensure that 1BHK Superbar does not suffer brigading on Zomato etc with its reviews its a good place. Theres going to be an official release statement soon as well.. Why was the Modi/Trump yoga post taken down: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 98: [removed]. Some stuff about Indian guys/ men. Se[r]ious. Rant: Some of this might come across as nice girl rant so just giving a heads up. I am an outdoorsy extrovertish person who gets along well with guys and girls. I even have friends with age gap of 78 years. Overtime many of them confided in me about their personal relationships and I was always there for them as long as I got to know both the sides of the story long story short I have met SOs of my close friends in many cases they themselves introduced me to their SOs. For many I am like their kid that younger bubbly sister they always wanted and I adore and respect all my friends. We call out on each others BS confront it keeping our emotions aside and thats basically how I have been with ALL of my friends. Now heres the thing. These guys are some of the smartest brilliant and enthusiastic people I have ever met. Really passionate about their work studies up to date with their stuff meeting them is brainstorming itself and its extremely inspiring to see them talk about it. Its fantastic. Except for the girls department. How tf they miss on the red flags I will genuinely never ever understand it. These are the guys who will fall for someone who says not looking for anything serious to saying I love you and I miss you the next month and youre always so busy you never have time for me. My friends who are girls and are mature about this either tell me the full story or dont say anything at all. Guys otoh just miss out on what she is actually saying and just get into a relationship to settle down/ marry before hitting 30s. And all these guy friends are mine actually seek a lifelong companion an SO who will be with them at least for the next decade yet they slip off whenever the I love you bomb is dropped. I dont seriously care if I sound sexist or not but here are three things I want yall to know I have done two of these so I know exactly how it works. Girl is suddenly serious with you starts talking chatting frequently does weird shit to get your attention there are three main reasons 1. She is attracted to you. Trust me i have done this. These kinda things dont last longer cause the infatuation fades but yeah if only physically appearance is considered then ASK YOURSELF IF YOU ARE OKAY WITH IT OR NOT. Nothing wrong there its just attraction and its pretty bold but you gotta communicate and ask yourself if youll be okay with this arrangement whether you want to be with someone for short term or not. 2. There was a recent BAD breakup or things are hitting the bottom in her current romantic relationship. Two of my guy friends got cheated twice. Shame on them and shame on me for not reminding them what they deserve. Easiest bait ever. Rebound happens even before you know it. They are back in your life all of a sudden and gone to their SO again. Also them constantly ranting about their current SO is NOT a good sign. Its a red flag and you need to pack your shit and run. 3. That she is looking for something long term as well but is also as sceptical as you are. Here conversation helps a lot. Talk to her than looking for advice anywhere else are every relationship is unique has unique background. But seriously the first part just baffles me. It really does break my heart they truly love someone then she leaves most common reason being her marriage arranged by parents and by anniversary she has a kid already. Other reasons being moving to another state country for work/ higher studies. Whether they find a partner there or not shit hurts like a bitch. It sucks hurts but it all can be avoided too. Communication is extremely important. Your partner needs to know if you are in this for long term or not. What are YOUR expectations. Are you really ready for a commitment that long Whats their REAL relationship status Youre handsome yes but if she is ready to let go of her current SO to be with you its a high chance that it will happen again although not always. One year and 4 of my guy friends have gone to terrible break ups. Worst is their SO could see that happening months before and stayed shut. I hate when they all go into super Devdas denial of life mode and start with alcohol and weed. Fuck that shit. I and a couple of my other friends got three of them into completely different and unrelated hobbies after weeks and months of pestering. Dont ruin your health over another human for fucks sake Guys for your own sake dont just chase girl if you want something thats serious for a long time. Both girls and guys these days seem insecure about relationships but itll help if only you talk about it first. TLDR communicate with your partner. Breakup is a bitch. Get a hobby than ruining your lungs/ liver daily/ weekly. /rant. [R] Looking for some advice here. [AMA Announcement] The studio behind Indie Action Adventure Game Raji. The game is based on Indian Mythology. On Nov 16th 6 PM IST: Greetings /r/India Some of you are probably familiar with the under development indie game called Raji. The game is based on Indian lore. Game play videos of Raji was posted on /r/India as well and we noticed quite a few of you were interested in the game. So we got in touch with the devs of Raji and they agreed to do an AMA with us. Please find the details of the AMA below. Profile gt We are an 8 member team 5 Indians 1 Brit 1 Greek and 1 Brazilian Our studio was founded in Jan 2017. All of us had the will to make a top notch Indian game. which can put India in the global gaming map. Our game was inspired by Hindu and Balinese mythology. The founders of our studio are Shruti Ghosh Avichal Singh and Ian Munde. We have gone through a year of struggle sold our personal belongings and taken loans to reach this point and we need support of everyone to see the project come to reality. We have not received any support in the forms of tax relief or incubation grants and such. About the game gt Our game is an action adventure game where you play as Raji a young tribal girl. Her aim is to find her younger brother and bring an end to the demonic invasion led by demon lord Mahabalasura. Game play video https//www.youtube.com/watchvtbAlRzvfBRw Reddit thread https//redd.it/7bj4ov Kickstarter Page https//www.kickstarter.com/projects/1343822689/rajianancientepic Date amp time Thursday 16/12/2017 6 PM IST Verification soon Please Note This is not the AMA thread. The guests will create a separate AMA thread on the above date and you can ask your questions there.. Indian redditor needs legal help Please dont let this go unnoticed.: [deleted]. Hey r/india help a brothe[r] plan for Kashmir : R/India Im planning to visit Kashmir in midDecember Srinagar and Gulmarg. Is there anyone here from Kashmir or anyone who has recently visited Srinagar Ive got a few questions How safe are the roads between Udhampur and Banihal Are train tickets between Banihal and Srinagar easily available What to expect from Gulmarg The obvious question hows the mahaul there From what I infer its been calm since the past few months. Thanks D . Indian redditor needs legal help regarding domestic violence situation Please dont let this go unnoticed.: [deleted]. Fellow Indian redditor needs legal help Please dont let this go unnoticed.: [deleted]. Call out for all graphic designers for new /r/india Banner for Reddit and Twitter. MSPaint artists you are welcome as well: Hello everyone A hundred thousand subscribers is within reachyay We really need a new banner and icon to display on the top of our subreddit and our twitter page We also need a banner that will show up on mobile and on the Reddit app as well. The desktop and mobile banners do not have to have the same design but it could If we choose your banner or icon we will credit you in the sidebar for your contribution and make an announcement about it. Also Winner will get a yet undecided amount of gold. Probably 1 month. cries after looking at my current bank balance Artists feel free to post your banner creations below and the community can comment and give feedback on them. Or alternatively you could PM us if you dont want to have it public until final selection. Now some guidelines 1. The banner should be politically neutral. Or no politics at all 2. No trolling 3. Size and format 1. Reddit banner 1920250 Atleast 1. Twitter Banner 1500 500 1. Mobile Banner 103 in general. 640x192 up to 1280x384px. 1. Format PNG is preferred JPEG is okay as well. 1. Lets consider that the deadline is 23 weeks for now. Thanks everybody cant wait to see what you come up with. Edit I am gonna edit the post with the Questions and answers so that new visitors dont have to dig into all comments. Q. United we stand required Nope. Not required. Q. Any inspirations Check out https//np.reddit.com/r/BestRedditDesign/ . Childrens Day Video Jawaharlal Nehrus quotes on the young ones. If you supported Net Neutrality you have a duty to ensure that the average Indian receives their due internet access.: It is our privilege to enjoy this internet and its many fruits. And randia used that privilege to determine what internet was good or not good for the common man. [edit1] The outcome was the TRAI verdict and Net Neutrality won. However internet access remains a pressing issue. At last count [750 million] http//www.livemint.com/Industry/QWzIOYEsfQJknXhC3HiuVI/NumberofInternetusersinIndiacouldcross450millionby.html were still without internet even in the postJio age. The government now plans to implement [BharatNet]http//www.financialexpress.com/industry/technology/whatisbharatnetprojectandhowitcouldaddwhoppingamountofrs45lakhcroretoindiasgdp/931358/ connecting 150000 panchayats with fibreoptic cable. Highspeed broadband to all villages in India. Telcos receive a subsidy of 75 percent for bandwidth. These will be using the [National Optical Fibre Network]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/tech/internet/reliancejioairtelvodafoneideatakefirstdiveintobharatnet/articleshow/61626019.cms NOFN with 45000 crores as a total investment. How will the project be executed at the grassroot level Will companies receiving these subsidies actually deliver to the consumer And most importantly how do we safeguard people who are using internet for the first time they need basic guidance not to click on ads how to avoid viruses giving out personal details finding queries making payments online safely etc. The net neutrality movement was brilliant at explaining the topic using websites and visual imagery and the like to spread a message effectively. These skills would be useful to help the next billion access the internet for the first time. I dont remember seeing anything in regional languages however. I am hoping to create a positive discussion on this. I hope the online movement for net neutrality does not merely drop its tools after determining how the internet should be. We have a stake in how it will be as well. If you have ever helped a colleague or a neighbour with accessing the IRCTC website you will understand how such everyday activities that netizens perform can be such a challenge for the uninitiated. The net is dark and full of terrors too. [EDIT] Does anyone have any experience in community outreach in regional languages How would one make a website like savetheinternet.in down for now that could explain internet basics such as but not restricted to Learning what to click and what not to click avoiding clicking on popup ads or browser notifications that say your system is infected. Virus Avoidal 101. How to access the internet in their own languages Learning how to Google a problem from a technical problem to a local one about farming finding the right portals for information How to set up their own communities online spaces where people can discuss share etc How to find an app for that getting using to downloading software that could be useful finding OPENSOURCE alternative These are all things that nuance and experience can explain. I somehow dont see the government being capable of explaining this in a good way. For example I dont want them training people to use outdated examples like Word 97 or for that matter showing them software they cant use because its proprietry. I would also love to throw in a piracy 101 too but I guess thats debatable P I do not want any privilege that the middle class enjoys to be denied to the poor on the basis of an information asymmetry.. zomato doesnt need to offer its customer details to restaurantsits whole database was hacked few months back: this is clearly a company with no ethics.first they take the side of a shitty restaurant instead of simply deleting the restaurant they are trying to moderate the 1 star ratings...when its also clear he is giving himself 5 star ratings from fake accounts also this happened just 6 months ago http//money.cnn.com/2017/05/18/technology/zomatouserinformationstolen/index.html their neutrality policy is one of the worst. they need to be put out of business lest this whole episode repeats itself. leave 1 star ratings for this shameful company on app stores . [AMA Announcement] Amit Deshpande from Vaastav Foundation on November 16th 7 pm IST: Since International Mens rights day is on the 19th we have arranged an AMA with Amit Deshpande a Mens rights activist and the FounderPresident of Vaastav Foundation. Profile Amit Deshpande antidespondent on Twitter is an engineer and works as a regional manager for an MNC and has been involved in social issues activism from the past 7 yrs fighting for gender equality in the society through mens rights activism. Vaastav Foundation vaastavngo on Twitter is a one of its kind organization that focuses on the wellbeing of boys and men offers free counselling works to highlight the issues of men which have been hitherto neglected by the society and runs the only privately managed Suicide Helpline exclusively for men. Website Vaastav.org Date and Time 16th November 7 pm IST Verification https//twitter.com/vaastavngo/status/928352427597811712 Please Note This is not the AMA thread. The guests will create a separate AMA thread on the above date and you can ask your questions there. . Where to get customized / custom printed T shirts from [R]: Any of you tried this Recommendations please.. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 96: [removed]. What are some way where i can earn money and help others too: for example if i got 10lak rs and i invest it somewhere where i also earn money and some charitable work also happen to other person my concept is like sevamevagood karma. any idea suggestions about how i can contribute also Thank you.. [R]estaurant owners of r/india. Help me understand service charge: Assuming your restaurants have giant billboards saying service charge will be levied I wanted to understand some calculations. Assuming you are a decent restaurant and employ 40 staff and get an average footfall of 50 customers/families with an average bill of 5k per night. You guys make 50 30 5000 10 750000 Rs on service charge which is an average of 18.5k per wait staff per month. Do you guys give 18.5k as tips to the wait staff on top of salary Or you dont give them salary at all I dont know any waiters who make 20k per month. Whats going on Edit Also I have been very generous on the of staff. A restaurant that has to employ 40 wait staff will easily have double the number of customers and probably would charge much more and is also open for lunch So the service charge is easily 30/40k per wait staff. Starting a Science YT channel [R]: Hey guys I am Rohan and I am an engineering graduate. And I have decided to do something about the lingering superstitions pseudoscience and low reach of credible science to us Indians on a daily basis. I have started this channel called PsycheWise and already made two videos on it. https//www.youtube.com/channel/UC87pWffZd48QYGj294aNeg Would u guys mind checking it out and showing some love for Science. I hope u guys like the second video6 mins especially. Subscribe pls if I earned it.. GSTrelated issue while paying builder for underconstruction flat. How are other homeowners dealing with the GST regime [serious]: so randians I bit the bug and ended investing in an underconstruction property in Hinjewadi Pune in Mar 16. Agreement was that bank will be disbursing the amount as per slabwise schedule while I would be paying the service tax. Before GST the builder was charging a 4.5 service tax whereas now hes asking for 12. Discussion with the builder is turning out the be fruitless. As per my understanding through the CBEC circular [the input taxes embedded in the flat will not and should not form cost of the flat]https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DJ0Fi5uUIAA4JsQ.jpglarge. The builder has claimed that it is impossible for him to calculate the actual input credit owing to the cost of the raw materials and therefore the builders CA has given two options a pay 12 now and get input credit as per actuals at the time of project completion not practical option for me as a buyer b pay 8 now and any difference will be absorbed by the builder is this even legal How are other randians pursuing this matter with their builders As a homeowners group we are mobilising support and have started contacting the GST commisioners office and antiprofiteering committee as well. If youve purchased an underconstruction flat in Pune can you please educate me on how youre dealing with this matter what GST rate is being levied If I can collect sufficient proof it may give leverage while negotiating with the builder. . In India Fashion Has Become A Nationalist Cause. Is any mod alive. Can we talk about the impact of expanding the existing Mormugao port at Vasco da Gama on the marine life.: gt TLDR gt The expansion of the Mormugao port in Vasco da Gama will cause irreparable damage to the marine life of the area which include resident populations of Indian Ocean humpback dolphins and finless porpoises killer whales Arabian Sea humpback whales whale sharks Green and Olive Ridley turtles. All this for a project that will only benefit private firms like Vedanta Adani and Jindal Steel Works Did you know fascinating marine life like humpback dolphins whale sharks windowpane oysters and even killer whales can be found in Goas waters Well apparently neither do the Governments of Goa and other proponents of a new project to expand the existing Mormugao port at Vasco da Gama. How else can we explain the fact that the Mormugao Port Trust is trying to push through expansion of multiple berths of the port in order to increase the coal handling capacity of the port from the current 12MPT to 51MPT The dredging of the seabed to allow bigger cargo vessels to enter the port will wreak havoc on the estuarine and marine ecosystems. Resident populations of Indian Ocean humpback dolphins and finless porpoises inhabit these nearshore waters. Killer whales Arabian Sea humpback whales and whale sharks are known to be traversing waters. Green and Olive Ridley turtles are often sighted here.These waters also have reefs that sustain diverse fish communities. One such reef is around Grande Island which is extremely close to the project site The coal being imported will also lead to disastrous air and water pollution that will impact marine life human health and livelihoods. And they are all being put at risk for a project that will only benefit private firms like Vedanta Adani and Jindal Steel Works Objections to this were also raised recently at the marathon 8 day long public hearings that took place in Vasco where every single speaker opposed this project unequivocally This project requires approval from Government bodies and they are taking feedback on the projects right now. 6 marine biologists and conservationists who know what treasures lie in Goas rivers and seas have created a petition and if youd sign it your support would go a long way to tell our Ministers and officials who have the power to stop this project to protect whats left of our precious marine life. You can find more information [here.]https//www.goaagainstcoal.com/ The petition can be found [here.]https//www.change.org/p/shridrharshvardhanministryofenvironmentforestandclimatechangegovernmentofindiaprotectgoasmarineliferejectexpansionofmormugaoportdredgingingoaimmediately Thank you for your time. . To those men who stayed virgin till marriage is it worth saving ourselves till marriage [Serious]: This question may sound total bullshit or stupid to many of you but Im serious about it. Im 27 year old virgin Indian guy moved to another country in 2015. Never been in any relationship rejected 5 times. Ive observed on online community that women always consider experienced guy as a potential mate over virgin guy. They consider virgin guy as a loser. Does mans virginity matter or not Im serious about it. I am not questioning about womens virginity. And I dont believe that if a women have more than one partner make them whore or slut. This is just about being a virgin guy. I feel insecure about being a single virgin. Edit1 To all those people who shared their opinions and gave advice I am thankful to you. There are some positive as well as negative feedback all were welcomed I am glad at least you guys have replied. Few went in totally different direction but thats totally fine. I think I have got my answer I believe in myself so whatever I am doing is for my own good I am sticking to what I think is perfect for me. I was distracted and getting confused because of something but now I know whats my stand on this thing. I found that a close friend of mine had paid 100 to an white escort for losing his virginity and according to him he had wasted the money as well as it wasnt good for him. I wrote his experience in a simple words but what he has told me was not quite interesting So I guess now he may have some bad image for sex I am not 100 sure but there may be a possibility. We may forget the first time good experience of things or activity but we always remember the worst part/experience. Somehow it sticks to our subconscious. I know Im lacking of wonderful sex experience but I on the other hand I have achieved what I have always wanted. I have dreams and goals that I will pursue. Things comes or happens to us when the time is right. Love and peace. You guys are wonderful. . [R] Need suggestions baby boy names with max 4 letters: Hi r/India we are looking for a modernt Indian name for our first baby boy...something short and sweet with max 4 letters. Also what do you guys think about the name Ian/Iaan . Need suggestions baby boy names with max 4 letters. [Serious] A Considering the pollution crisis in NCR what can the common man start doing immediately to reduce the effects of pollution B What are some methods to protect oneself from the pollution. [R] List Of ENewspaper: Ill present a list of electronic versions of newspapers. Not online news website but same to same version as they paper one. If you see any website thats actually not a ENewspaper but a news website tell me Ill remove it. Most are free some are not. Hindi [Dainik Jagran]http//epaper.jagran.com/homepage.aspx [Amar Ujala]http//epaper.amarujala.com/ [Dainik Bhaskar]http//epaper.bhaskar.com [Hindustan]http//epaper.livehindustan.com [NavBharat Times]http//epaper.navbharattimes.com [Jansatta]http//epaper.jansatta.com [PrabhatKhabar]http//epaper.prabhatkhabar.com [Rastriya Sahara]http//www.rashtriyasahara.com [Rajasthan Patrika]http//epaper.patrika.com English [The Indian Express]http//epaper.indianexpress.com [The Times Of India]http//epaper.timesgroup.com/TOI/TimesOfIndia/index.html [The New Indian Express]http//epaper.newindianexpress.com [The Hindu]https//epaper.thehindu.com [Financial Express]http//epaper.financialexpress.com Comment if you want to add anything. Ill now shamelessly advertise a discord [server]https//discord.gg/6wbrGFX.. ELI5 whats going on at the supreme court and the chief justice [R]: as said in the title. Is Modi making Corruption systemic I [r]eally want to know: So apparently the previous thread is being downvoted as the OP says without a debate. I see that he hasnt stated his position or made his arguments at any point just stated his opinions. Can a clash of opinions just be called a debate or a discussion I for one genuinely want to know if this is true. And if yes how Lets try to keep our political biases aside it concerns our country and our lives. Regarding the Supreme Court the OP refers to [the SC thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7c0mjv/aninstitutioncollapsesupdateonwhatis/. gt Why does it matter gt It implies that the Chief Justice can effectively stop any allegations of corruption against itself by refusing to let anyone else hear the matter. This is very significant for corruption and also in light of the fact that the current government is trying hard through the NJAC to take control of who becomes a Supreme Court judge. Last I checked this happened [SC Bench strikes down NJAC Act as unconstitutional and void]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/supremecourtverdictonnjacandcollegiumsystem/article7769266.ece and there havent been any developments since. There have been secular and apolitical cases for NJAC before by reputed scholars in publications like thehindu Indian Express etc. gt RBI after demonetisation gtgt For arguments sake even if we accept that the demonetisation was not in the best interest of the Indian economy could Patel have prevented this Section 262 of the Reserve Bank of India Act 1934 says that on recommendation of RBIs central board the government may by notification in the Gazette of India declare that with effect from a date specified in the notification any series of banknotes of any denomination shall cease to be legal tender. And Section 7 of the Act says The central government may from time to time give such directions to the Bank as it may after consultation with the Governor of the Bank consider necessary in the public interest. So the governments advice to RBI on demonetisation is in accordance with the Act which also permits the government to supersede the central bank if it believes RBI has failed to carry out its obligations. It has always been this way we had a media friendly governor but RBI has only had a semblance of independence and the govt has not tried to force any rate cuts which still speaks volumes. The governor is still allowed to criticize policies like waivers and is doing his job on NPAs. I strictly urge people not to let out their disappointment of Rajan not getting a second term on the institution and current governor. gt The media channels brought by BJP https//www.newslaundry.com/2014/02/05/whoownsyourmedia4 https//www.newslaundry.com/2015/11/30/therelianceeffectwheniscorporateownershipofmediaespeciallydangerous I think this is a genuine concern and the developments off late havent been desirable this really should be discussed more and the media will never discuss it. Media being generally politically owned/biased. gt The Finance bill which give political parties access to benaami funding. I do not really know much about this so Id rather not opine and let someone with more knowledge of the bill rather than cursory read of articles explain in detail how it makes things worse than they are. gt He is making the 0.001 at the top above law almost godlike. This includes the business tycoons senior most officials in the government Ministers This reads more like political statement without any subtantiation and the response to it will be more based on personal perception of whoever is discussing. And as psychology tells us our genuine perception can be the way we want it to be based on our biases. Our minds work to confirm our worldview not refute it. What I know is that this country has always had that culture in fact most collectivist cultures do. Indian economy has always had heavy influence of the incumbent traditional businesshouses. The public policy has always worked in a way to retain the incumbents rather than provide competition. gt senior most officials in the government Ministers And I suppose this is referring to the ordinance proposed by the Raje govt in Rajasthan The senior BJP leadership stated they dont support it and afaik even indicated that theyd take action against Raje were she to move forward with this. There were [voices against this in BJP]https//www.oneindia.com/india/notonlyoppositionsomebjpleadersalsoagainstrajasthangovtsdraconianordinance2567599.html itself and theyve responded to the feedback. What motivated me to post this Im a regular citizen who goes about his life in a distinctively apolitical fashion. Ive enjoyed countless discussions here on this forum but Ive sort of become apathetic and I dont see the doom out in real life. What are my genuine gripes with the Modi government The bigbrother like approach and linking everything to Aadhaar in the name of antiblack money movement creating a surveillance state. The Project Insight cue Avengers reference of stalking people by the taxman will it really be only for tax purposes I doubt it. I acknowledge there are genuine concerns about the policies adopted by the current government and I want to know more about them have a constructive discussion. Id be more than happy to be proven wrong with proper sources and arguments. Afterall its impossible for a person to know every aspect of everything. . Find Every Kind of Acco PGs Hostels Flats amp Roommates in Delhi NCR. An InDepth Introduction to Structured Cabling. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 95: [removed]. [ask]In delhi need professional mental help. Upvote for visibility. Please read description.: [deleted]. An Institution Collapses Update on what is happening at the SC right now.: A lot of you might not be following this but right now we are possibly witnessing the collapse of the Supreme Courts integrity as an institution. This afternoon a series of horrific events unfolded. Im going to try and summarise them here the best I can. Although parts are quite technical I urge to you stay informed because this will undoubtedly affect your future as well as your countrys future. TLDR The Chief Justice of India overruled some other judges and took over the hearing of a case in which there are allegations of corruption against him. This is a direct conflict of interest. Background to the Case Prashant Bhushan a public interest activist and lawyer he was one of those involved in uncovering the 2G scam recently filed a suit before the SC. In that case he claimed that there was corruption in the SC in the form of people taking bribes in order to fix the outcomes of cases in the SC. Read the petition [here]https//barandbench.com/readpetitionkaminijaiswal/ filed through a counsel Ms. Kamini Jaiswal. The petition contains serious allegations of corruption against a number of people including the current Chief Justice of India Justice Dipak Misra. edit in case you forgot Justice Dipak Misra is the subject of this article which brought up allegations of corruption against him before he became Chief Justice [Should a judge with a serious moral flaw become Chief Justice of India]https//thewire.in/163957/dipakmisrachiefjusticeofindialandallotmentcase/ The case came up before Justice Chelameswar and Justice Abdul Nazeer after a senior advocate Mr. Dushyant Dave [urged them to take notice of it]https//barandbench.com/davechelameswarscjudges/. Under the Constitution some significant questions have to be heard by a bench of 5 judges or more and not the usual 2 or 3 judges. So they directed the matter to be heard by 5 judges excluding the Chief Justice obviously since allegations are there against him. The hearing was supposed to be on Monday. Read about the court proceedings [here]https//barandbench.com/bribescjudgesconstitutionbench/. What happened today The Chief Justice ignoring the order passed by the other judges constituted a bench of 7 judges himself. 2 of them recused i.e. refused to participate which they are allowed to do mainly on grounds of conflict of interest. So now a different 5 judge bench is hearing the matter that the original bench should have heard. Why is this important It is extremely unusual to constitute two benches on one case in fact I dont think it has been done before. The Chief Justices 5 judge bench heard the case concerning allegations of corruption against himself Senior members of the bar association instead of supporting the petition and protesting against this called for contempt of court actions against Prashant Bhushan and Kamini Jaiswal. Contempt of court is a criminal offence and is quite serious. Clearly an attempt to silence them. Some senior advocate wanted to ban any reporting on the case as well they were unsuccessful. The Chief Justice without giving clear reasons passed an order prohibiting the other bench from hearing this case and held that his bench would hear it instead. It will be heard after 2 weeks. Meanwhile there was an attempt to arrest Prashant Bhushan for contempt of court but he walked out of court before they could get him. He said that he had not been allowed to speak or argue his case for 1 hour before that. [Here]https//twitter.com/vikramhegde/status/928920830116904960 is a twitter thread by a lawyer from the Court reporting live on the case. Why does it matter It implies that the Chief Justice can effectively stop any allegations of corruption against itself by refusing to let anyone else hear the matter. This is very significant for corruption and also in light of the fact that the current government is trying hard through the NJAC to take control of who becomes a Supreme Court judge. It shows that the Supreme Court itself is a house divided and that we cannot rely on it as an institution to protect us against corruption. Be informed and pay close attention. This is going to be very significant. How to stay informed Prashant Bhushans [twitter]https//twitter.com/pbhushan1 and his [website]http//judicialreforms.org/ for legal reform and accountability. Legal news reporters and websites [Bar and Bench]https//barandbench.com/ [Legally India]https//www.legallyindia.com/ [LiveLaw]http//www.livelaw.in/ [Murali Krishnan]https//twitter.com/legaljournalist Bar and Bench reporters twitter [Utkarsh Anand \]https//twitter.com/utkarshaanandlegal reporter CNN India twitter[ Ashok Bagariya]https//twitter.com/ashokbagariya legal editor HT I am not in the least involved with this case but I am following it closely from an academic perspective. If you have questions I will try my best to answer with my limited knowledge. Edit thanks for the gold please consider supporting [IDIA]http//idialaw.com/ an organization that gives scholarships to disadvantaged students to study law instead. Im not associated with them but I personally support their work. Edit 2 Some background and links Explainer What happened in the Supreme Court on Friday and what is the MCI bribery case https//scroll.in/article/857423/explainerwhathappenedinthesupremecourtonfridayandwhatisthemcibriberycase CJIs action on bribery charge is SCs biggestever crisis and it comes from within https//theprint.in/2017/11/10/cjisactionbriberychargescsbiggestevercrisiscomeswithin/. The Bihari Guy in Class starter pack. Masks will not help Delhiites. ReasonDIFFUSION: Air pollution is not a situation where air is only polluted out on the roads. Particles in the range of microns occupy all of the air volume without ever settling down diffusion people. All Delhiites and others affected can do is to not exert physical stress on themselves so as to not increase their air intake. Dont exercise. If you are asthmatic or have any other respiratory ailments seal yourself up in a room and get an air purifier. Ride it out till AQI is below 150. Masks such as N95 are too restrictive to air flow to be worn all day. Any cloth masks are pointless in this case. Please point out any fallacies in this logic. It has been corroborated by the IMA head too.. Need help stepping into consulting 3rd Year engineering student here [R]: Hello r/India I am a third year engineering student with an interest in management have past internship experience in finance as well. I am a founder of an upcoming consulting club at my university where we intend to take on probono projects for local NGOs and other management related activities. I am looking to have a short stint say a month 46 weeks at a consulting firm learning the way things are done and managed in the consulting sector under someones guidance would be more than enough for me and I am fine with it being unpaid as well. If someone can help me out with this in any manner then that would be great Locations MumbaigtChennaigtBangalore Thanks as always . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 94: [removed]. Recent finding in Ryan Murder Case clearly reveals how fucked up our education system is: [deleted]. A fourpart indepth documentary series on the Aarushi murder case. I have not seen anything as detailed on this case as this. [NP]. Chhath Puja New Video 2017. Is there any sub for frugal living in India: I love the idea of Financial Independence and Retiring Early. We already have r/IndiaInvestments and we also have new r/FIREIndia. Do we have any sub related to frugal living in India. Get the best travel packages for couples family friends and solo with the most affordable prices. Offered without comments. lets try to use few democratic instruments at our disposal to make the authorities listen to the situation in DelhiNCR.: [removed]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 93: [removed]. Palm oil delibe[r]ately packaged to look like sunflower oil where do I complain. [AMA Announcement] Rohit Chopra and Bunty Bolta from India Explained on November 12 830pm IST: India Explained is a initiative that offers insights on news politics media culture education technology and art in India via various media forms including podcasts articles interviews and art. Rohit Chopra Bio gt rchops is the Twitter account of Rohit Chopra academic writer and founder of IndiaExplained. Rohits work centers on the relationship of media technology and cultural identity. His current book projects examine how the 19921993 riots and the 1993 bomb blasts in Mumbai are recorded in different forms of media and how the internet is transforming our sense of the past. He is also working on a trade publication on Hindu nationalism and new media under contract with HarperCollins India. In addition to his academic publications Rohit has written on media politics and culture for a number of publications including the Economic and Political Weekly Scroll Wire Outlook LiveMint New Inquiry Quartz and NewsLaundry. In an earlier life Rohit worked in the internet industry in India. He lives in San Francisco with his wife and son. When he is not in front of a book or computer or on his cellphone Rohit enjoys driving on the Pacific Coast exploring California with his family and obsessing over music trivia. Bunty Bolta Bio gt BuntyBolta is the moniker for the co host of the India Explained Podcast Show and regular contributor to the India Explained website. He brings to the and team 20 years of experience ranging from working in the UK Cabinet Office creating an ethical advisory firm and lately advising global businesses. At last count he had worked across 45 countries sent more people to prison he was a UK magistrate for 3 years and put on even more weight due to an indulgent lifestyle. He is married has one daughter and is addicted to Netflix. You can reach him buntybolta Website http//indiaexplained.com Date and Time November 12 830pm IST Verification https//twitter.com/indiaexplained/status/928101894320406528 Please Note This is not the AMA thread. The guests will create a separate AMA thread on the above date and you can ask your questions there.. This is horrific Yamuna Highway Accident [R]. [R]RTI query reveals Lotus is not Indias national flower: I mean for all these years I feel cheated for having to memorize this maybe getting thrashed for being wrong and what not. Thank You Congress for the wrong information as well as RTI. Creating the problem and as well as the solution. Well Played. Why do we Indians get ripped off in electronics buying: My brother bought [this]https//www.amazon.in/LenovoYoga71015TouchScreeni57200U/dp/B06ZZWLWTZ/refsr11scomputersampieUTF8ampqid1510116396ampsr11ampkeywordslenovoyogai5amprefinementsp363A90000009500000 laptop in the USA for less than 550 lt Rs.35000 although Amazon USA shows it for [680]https//www.amazon.com/s/refnbsbnoss/13070407828327955urlsearchalias3DapsampfieldkeywordsLenovoYoga71015 Rs.44000. Its selling for upwards of Rs.90000 here. Why this difference . [R] A Map of Folk Music in India. Indian cities are getting polluted what can be done by us: Lets discuss about Water pollution and Air pollution. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 92: [removed]. Japan loves all things Tamil actor Madhavan and Jallikattu 523 too. GST on under construction flat [R]: Folks My flat is 20 complete and in the latest demand my builder has added GST of 18 on construction value. This is additional cost that is not mentioned in the payment schedule mentioned in the sale deed. PreGST there was no tax included in the demands I understand 1/3rd abatement of the land cost the effective rate will be 12. So this will drive the price of the flat up by 12 and I can not even backout I heard GST was supposed to be good but for who Anyone is familiar situation . Assam tourism Incredible India ad. Tips for improving my English: Hey guys you may find this post irrelevant to the group or stupid but Id like to have your advice on it. I live with housemates. On of them was from English medium and he speaks the language like a charm even sings with the two songs. On the opposite side Im from nonenglish medium. I can speak it but Im not confident because my vocab is poor and I make mistake while speaking tense. English was one of the favorite subjects in school especially I used to love grammar. But I dont know what to do now. People make fun of me and say its okay not good only understandable. What should I do Thanks. No questions about regional background lol. I love my mother tongue and i proud of it. Peace. . This is my subtle but very powerful reminder that life is far bigger than I will ever be able to comprehend with my petty thoughts and desires. It has led me to trance like states and I have lost count of the number of times I have shed tears of ecstasy while listening to this piece of creation.. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 91: [removed]. [Serious] Is it safe to heat the plastic container a little bit to take out Ghee from it: Read and heard about not to heat plastic as it can pass the chemicals onto the food but not really sure is it true or not Received some desi ghee from the friend in the village and he brought it into a Plastic bottle its hard to take out ghee from it. Any suggestions would be appreciated Thanks. [R] A map of folk arts of India. Indicoin ICO ending today Your last chance to take part in Indias first TokenSale. To know more visit website www.indicoin.org.in. Why isnt there more outrage about Delhis air pollution: Shouldnt this be a 9 PM debate topic thats followed up like Bengaluru potholes or a political point of discussion The air quality levels are really bad. Its a chronic problem in Delhi. This needs to be a priority which it sadly is not. EDIT Delhi Air Pollution Realtime Air Quality Index AQI http//aqicn.org/city/delhi/ aqicns page on masks http//aqicn.org/mask/ Ill keep posting whatever petitions/websites I find about this issue here http//helpdelhibreathe.in Videos Oct 30 2017 [UN India Taking On Air Pollution and Climate Change]https//www.youtube.com/watchvSg2SpOshTlIampt126s . [R]Paradise Papers leaked investigation reveals trail of money in global tax havens. That I wander. Man buys Iphone x riding on a horse. Software Engineering in India growth ahead: [removed]. My family was murdered in front of me Sheela Kaur is an eyewitness but still awaits justice for 1984 antiSikh riots. One of the few surviving witnesses to the antiSikh riots Sheela Kaur has identified Congress leader Sajjan Kumar as the man who instigated the frenzied mobs .. What do you do Randia and which part of the country youre from: Hi Im interested to know demographics of Randia. Id love to know yours too. Im 22 into family business of textiles living in Surat Gujarat. Single smoke weed and wait for weekends to smoke again. Wbu . NSFW Just discovered I have phimosis. Need help: Yo r/India I am a 22 year old guy in Hyderabad who while studying male anatomy again just discovered that I have phimosis. I live in the Gachibowli/Kukatpally/HiTech/Kondapur area. Doctors and kind souls can you give me name of doctors who can help in its treatment and how do I start taking care of my penis from my end . . [2012] Rendezvous with Simi Garewal Sachin Pilot amp Sara Pilot. Rendezvous with Simi Garewal Sachin Pilot amp Sara Pilot: [deleted]. Nazi scooter found in pune. Ayigiri Nandini Mahishasura Marddini Sthothram sung by 9 children. What are the Pros and Cons of Aadhaar card system: I see a lot of posts opposing Aadhaar in this subreddit. Can someone explain why I thought it was an efficient way to distribute subsidies. Currently most of these subsidies dont reach the intended person instead it is pocketed by the corrupt officials. I thought it is a great idea to have one ID system instead of so many different cards. It is a mess to fill any form in India as it requires so many copies of different things. I get it that there is some privacy concerns but doesnt that exist with pretty much any ID system If you are commenting then mention both Pros and Cons otherwise you will be considered a onesided troll. . [R] Im not one of the cool or hip in college. Does this matter: When I look around me I see my batchmates being presidents secrataries or treasures of committees in college. Another of my friend plays in a band in front of hundreds of people. These guys are in touch are busy have work to do meetings to attend I unfortunately am none of those. Im a regular guy who attends college and goes back home and studies. I share a good rapport with faculty if that helps. I only have a good GPA and a couple of academic achievements to speak of. Im no president member or part of any council and board. Bc even on quora where I look its mostly all these achievers drummers scholars writing everywhere Its depressing I feel like Im wasting my time here if Im not one of these guys. How is everybody a winner or the best at something I have nearly zero interactions with my seniors who are a hostile. But damn these guys in charge hang out with them too. The thing is do these things matter Will they help if theyvput tese credentials while applying for further education or jobs Will itnmatter in the future Please help. Im depressed every other day. . Blurring divides Kerala makes a silent revolution by appointing Dalits and other nonBrahmins as priests in temples. [xpost r/bharat]. The Purge has begun. TIL calling someone a bhakt on /r/india is witch hunting.. Laptop under 5k to watch media: I only use laptops to watch movies and TV shows mostly. I want a laptop with great display and medium gaming capabilities. EDIT 50k . Took my child to pediatrician clinic. It was closed with this message. Nurse said protest against Karnataka Medical Establishments Act amendment. Does anyone know what this is about All medical Establishments in Karnataka are closed today. Vent Thread: [deleted]. Took my child to pediatrician clinic. It was closed with this message. Nurse said protest against Karnataka Medical Establishments Act amendment. Does anyone know what this is about All medical Establishments in Karnataka are closed today: [deleted]. Need ideas to transfer India through technology: What subtle things a coder can do to change India Please share postive stuffs. Thanks. . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 89: [removed]. Why cesarean surgeries are on the rise in India and how to avoid an unnecesarean. Indian time zone. Did any other doctors appearing for NEET PG face this Also is there any hope that we will allowed to change our testing city choice: I experienced severe technical problems on the first day and I couldnt register then. So I tried the next day and it worked. But by then many had registered and I was forced to choose a Testing center 1000km away. All the available slots in 3 big cities Pune Mumbai and Navi mumbai were filled in 24hrs This causes undue stress to students who are already facing a high stakes exam through no fault of their own. I had registered without a glitch for the AIIMS and JIPMER exams. Obviously both NBE and TCS have now been proven incompetent. I hope Shashi Tharoor files an official complaint against them. P.S. the actual problem on first day was that the form was not accepting my admission and passing dates. It worked alright the next day. But then I found out that it only accepted an 8 digit registration number whereas in Maharashtra we have 10 digit numbers. I got around it by right clicking the box and editing the parameters through the Inspect option I dont know what this means BTW. I managed to get through at 3 pm ie 24 hrs after the registration was opened. But the available slots had vanished by then. . Did any other doctors applying for NEET PG 2018 face this Also is there any hope that they will allow people to re select their testing centers: [removed]. India falls to 108 on World Economic Forums gender gap index. Why does just about every Indian want to leave India IS it due to financial reasons anglophilia or closeminded people/oppressive societal norms: [removed]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 88: [removed]. Here is how i dispose street wars: First time my neighbor was getting angry at my street dogs so i started recording that budyai feel bad for her. Because her alzheimers might have started I started recording and boom the whole issue disappeared. 2nd time Just now Kids were throwing bottle filled with half sand the street is narrow so they get together and throw the bottle. Whoever throws longest will win. Its a cool but the impact of the bottle is high so in night time these guys play this game. Which makes the noise and makes my mom wake uo in her sleep So today i took the bottle away from those poor kids and her brother wanted to fight with me i went inside the street arguments were crazy. They were shouting loudly so i started recording and guy tried to steal my phone and i told him this is an offense of entering someones home. The window is there opened directly on the street. His argument was this is a street not your home I recorded all this and they freaked out and they backed off.his dad came and asked to dissolve the issue. Camera won again I just want to say camera can resolve all issues in india. If you good connection you can even live stream it on YouTube Whats your story . Diabetes is not a joke Its se[r]ious: [removed]. [NP] For whom did ease of doing business increase actually: [removed]. Samsung asks you to change the country in profile if you want ENGLISH only in their emails. Find Boys PG In Delhi NCR At Studentacco: [removed]. how is different than : [removed]. What can be the best business option for a killer domain name about Mumbai:  Mumbai. My friend got this name recently. It is about fun/entertainment etc. . List of Documentaries compiled by redditors now archived in our wiki Its a raw list right now will polish it further.. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 87: [removed]. Seven reasons why Chinesemade Hindu gods rule Indian markets. Major Indian Port Valued at 1 Billion in Stake Sale. Is economics a viable career option [R]: To start with I studied Science in school. Over time my interest in engineering has waned off primarily because I dont enjoy coding and neither do I think Im cut out for core branches. On the flip side I have a keen interest in Economics and would like to pursue it. Does anyone with an Economics degree have any idea as to what are the career options in this field . Cant we lock our Biometrics [Aadhaar] : As the [official website]https//resident.uidai.gov.in/biometriclock says Locked Biometrics ensures the Aadhaar holder will not be able to use their Biometrics fingerprints/iris for authentications thus preventing potential misuse. Did anyone try this . Brahmaputra boat clinic goes solar powering up rural healthcare. How much land does the Indian govt own About 9 times the size of Delhi.  OSHO HINDI SPEECH RAJNEESH SPEECH OSHO QUOTES OSHO MEDITATION . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 86: [removed]. Why do we Indians fantasize about a complete military rule. Hindus Muslims Sikhs and Christians inaugurate a church bell in Srinigar call for harmonious coexistence and a return of the Kashmiri Pandits to the Valley. How Marathwadas farm widows are turning their lives around. Best place to get vintage football jerseys from [R]: A close friend of mine is a big Arsenal fan. His birthday is coming up next month. A few of us are planning to pool some money and get him a vintage Arsenal jersey. Mostly from the Invincibles era. What are the options Looking for originals only please. Would also appreciate if your source has other clubs jerseys too. Thanks. Which is the most developed part of India: Ive just been to Bangalore and now Im traveling around Mumbai. Inside Mumbai it seems like Andheri west is the most developed. There is high inequality within Mumbai itself A lot of internet posts/blogs have said that Bangalore would be more developed but after visiting I cannot attest to that. Mumbai is miles ahead. . [Showerthoughts] How to make Swatch Bharat successful: Appoint a team of people in each city and hand over all the responsibilities and powers and goals to them related to Swatch Bharat. The only criteria of these members should be They should have high OCD P Source Not clinically diagnosed but i guess i have OCD. How to make Swatch Bharat successful: [deleted]. Epic Human Roar . fake followers data of media: [removed]. Do you think that Indian women dressing very modestly has resulted in Indian men becoming more and more pervert and misogynist over time: I mean if you compare India and the west the western women dont dress that modestly and as a result the men dont keep gaping them at the slightest sign of a cleavage. Women even roam around in bikinis on their beaches and nobody cares. But try doing that in India and a 100 perverts will start gaping at them. Even at the sign of slightest accidental cleavage Indian men will start gaping at them like idiots. Lets admit it if not all at least most of us are pure perverts. Is this a result of sustained optical deprivation caused by the age old practice of modest clothing by Indian women. 7 Classical Languages of World. Ahh.. the diversity. [R]Secret Superstar how much could it have cost to make the movie: Happened to catch the movie today after a long time going to the cinemas to watch one amp liked its theme actors message.. everything. But after the movie the question lingering my mind is how much did the producers really put into making it. From the movie it goes without saying that they could not have spent a lot no big stars no great sets no action etc except for its promotions feels like marketing budget was 9095 of the movie budget. Curious to know if anyone has a view on how much was spent on this movie with some high level breakup. Ay thoughts. GST Effect in Kanpur.. View of Mall Road Shimla from my hotel. Clicked using Xaiomi Mi4: [deleted]. [S] Im about meet a girl for marriage. Arranged. what are the things that we should sort out: BTW I am 30 workaholic so never had any girlfriend. this may sound old school to some but I want my wife to be virgin just like me. Is it okay to ask this in the first meeting i prefer this as I dont want to waste time but friends are advising to ask in second/third. It is difficult because I dont think the parent will allow for the second/third meeting.. Independent Indias first voter to cast vote again at 100. Hit and Run issue can be solved by this: Lets say government rules a law where every car owner has to add a crash detaction device basically a gyro like device. That will detect the force of impact.based on the rating it will automatically alert to the central database.and sms will come to the owner to report why that happened. Also after the impact all 4 lights of the car will blink rapidly throughout the day until the owner goes to the police and police will stop those lights. This helps because if a guy hits anyone the light will blink and any random public can take the picture and upload it to their local city database. This will help police to resolve murder hit and run cases easily. Head light blinking feature will involve genral public to participate to help the case. If owner tries to disable blinking light feature or tries to manipulate device it would automatically notifying to the police and official sms will be sent to owner and ask them to report at police station. If crash impract is defected by the device it would decrease expiry date of the drivers license. Extra add on feature This simple circuit box will come on the side of a car so that toll plaza can deduct money from owners account and traffic wont stop on highway. Main goal of this idea is to make drivers responsible on roads. Lets not blame roads all the time. Please share your ideas. Thanks.. Madurai village temple ritual What do you know about us our life asks villagers. Faye DSouza shuts down Maulana Yasoob Abbass sexist jibe on news panel. [Serious] Those who got into/know someone who got into IIT what are you/they like Is there anything special about them as people say [NP]: Cliche post feel free to ignore. Im really curious as my father always wanted me to get into IIT and the craze in India about IIT is insane. Theres thousand of so called coaching classes propping up every day promising to secure a childs future into IIT. From what Ive heard some parents have started prepping their children from a very young age for the IIT entrance tests. As young as 7/8 years old. So I was wondering are IIT alumnis and students as amazing as they say Are they very smart or people with great work ethic or both. What do you think What have your experiences been with the so called wizards of our society My personal experience has been that IIT students are just like any one of us but with a more streamlined approach towards their careers. Like theyve known their whole lives they want to get into IIT and study and prepare from the earliest stages. Also that IIT alumnis/students are very goal oriented and manage time well. Other tongues the stunning lingual diversity of India. [R] My father is getting addicted to gambling. I dont know how to make it stop.: Throwaway account. A few minor and irrelevant details have been changed to protect my identity. Im from a moderately rich family. You know the type two or three cars flourishing business residential property that is selfowned children educated abroad etc etc. My father great business and people skills that he has took our family from nearpoverty to uppermiddleclass/entrylevel rich within a span of 30 years having started working when he was only 1314. All his life hes worked extremely hard and he deserves all the success he has gotten. Hes always been fond of card games like poker and blackjack but in the past few years its gotten excessive. Neither does he play with big sums by our standards so its not like well be paupers if he loses nor does he play much outside of his friend group. To explain what is going on I need to provide some context. My mother is a bit of a more socially strict person having been brought up with the worldview that alcohol gambling etc are all bad things and one should steer clear of them. You know the sanskaari type with a strong sense of righteousness. She is okay with him playing cards but shes not okay with him playing cards with money on the line. She makes an exception for when they goes on vacations trying to balance her sensibilities and my fathers interests. They definitely love each other but my father feels a bit suffocated sometimes as if his rights are being taken away. Initially when she found out about his activities she was livid and it led to regular verbal arguments. She even asked me for help. I being a sort of middle path kind of person who doesnt share her or my fathers moral views suggested to her that its okay if he gambles from time to time and equally I communicated to my father that he shouldnt lie about his activities. Eventually they came to a compromise that my father would stop gambling behind her back and the rare occasions that he did go out he would be fully communicative. However today I was shocked to discover that he had been gambling behind our backs again and lying through his teeth. We had to leave work earlier today because my father said he had to attend an important meeting a very believable reason given the context. I wont go into the details about how I found out except for the fact that he let out a bit too much information on the way home and that Im not stupid enough to not know that 224. He was getting late returning home and my mother was suspicious. I defended him saying that hed told us he was going to a meeting regarding a real event that we all know about and possibly the meeting was taking a long time. He arrived while I was trying to assuage her concerns so she calmed down a little. Remember the 224 bit When he told my mother the details of what had happened and why hed run late I remembered that bit of information hed let loose earlier and confronted him in private. At first he tried to make an expression of denial but he could tell I wasnt having any of it so he grinned like a truant child caught doing something naughty as he often did earlier when my mother or I disapproved of any of his antics. This time I was disgusted and gutted and felt completely betrayed. He tried to change the topic but I was upset and went to my room. Then mom showed up a few minutes later with a smile feeling reassured that her suspicions were wrong after all. I then lied to her so that she didnt realise that she was right and gave her a hug so she knew everything was fine. This happened twenty minutes ago. I feel completely disgusted lying to her. If I tell her what really happened then there will be no more house peace for the next few weeks. I want to hate my father but hes the greatest dad in the world right I just cant bring myself to do that. But inside I feel extremely pained at what hes done today. I can tell hes somewhat addicted to gambling now. I want him to stop doing that and I dont want my mother to know about his behaviour because then there will never be a solution to the problem. If I dont do anything now this will be like a timebomb waiting to explode at just the wrong moment. Ive considered roping in my grandfather. Im his so I do know that when it comes to problems he will be more than willing to do all that he can to help me. But age has taken its toll on him and I dont want him to be stressed in this stage of his life he has his own primarily medical problems to deal with. My father is obviously financially independent and several times wealthier than him so a threat denying him his inheritance will obviously be worthless. My father is pretty impervious to counsel once he decides something 99 of the time hes doing it his way. Divorce is not an option Other than this tidbit my parents really do love each other and my mom is very dependent on him for emotional support. Shed be devastated if they separate and so would the rest of us. What do I do randia Seeing as you all are great armchair psychologists please help a brother out. . Interesting read lets see if its true.. Potholes claimed 6 lives a day in India in 2016. Only woman has the right to give birth or terminate pregnancy husbands consent not needed SC. Does anyone have IRCTC foreign account Its really urgent.: I need to book IRCTC foreign Quota ticket. If anyone has such account please help me out here. It is really urgent.. Airtel Prepaid cannot be recharged online: Looking for someone who has faced this issue in the past Ever since I ported into Airtel Ive not been able to recharge it online both on their app/website as well as Paytm and others... Every time I need to do a topnotch I need to visit a retailer.. This has been really frustrating and the folks at airtel have done nothing even after multiple complaints over the last 2 months.. If anyone has faced this issue in the past please let me know how you finally resolved it... Why is there an option of luxury darshan in IndianHindu temples: Not a very temple religious fellow but I was recently persuaded to visit Siddhivinayak. So as I enter the temple all seems nice. There is calmness feel good smell amp vibrations. Then I see an option of luxury darshan. Wtf immediately i though of god sitting inside you are so shitty that you need to distinguish between the rich and poor Shit god shit temple. I told this immediately to my father and he gave me panicked look Aisa mat bolo.. etc etc In the eyes of god all are equal. Then why does it exist I think it conveys a message that Hinduism favours the rich which needs to be removed. What do you folks think Edit Why is it being called necessary evil Gurudwara dont have luxury darshan they seem to be functioning quite normally. They even keep langars on regular periods and across almost every Gurudwara cant we also do something like this as well . Explaining Indias rising crime through Durkheim theory on society: I was watching Netflixs brilliant show Mindhunter and there was a dialogue between two characters that got my attention. A Postgrad student was talking about criminality in society and quoted Durkheim All deviance is a challenge to the normalised repressiveness of the society. If there is something wrong within the society then criminality is a response to that. I felt this aptly applies to a lot of problems in India currently where we are ok with criminals other words for Politicians running our society and also people taking law into their own hands. India is also a very repressive state. Some of the most bizarre murder cases that we are hearing lately seemingly have no motive at all. What do you all think. [Serious] Why has Indian underworld picked Dubai as their headquarters: I understand why India itself isnt a good HQ choice to stay under Indian jurisdiction isnt smart. But what makes Dubai so special Why not any other of the 200 countries in the world . Rahul Gandhis poverty is a state of mind remark draws flak [Old2013]. Hey r/India. I am looking for this verse/ Shlok from [R]amayana about Vibhishan.: Not sure if the right place but here it goes. So we all know what happened in Ramayana but I need some details. The verse/ Shlok is kinda like a blessing that Vibhshan receives from high almighty please please feel free to correct me if I am wrong OR he asks this particular as a wish or something. It is along the lines of Even on my worst days let my mind be stay neutral and I shall make a decision not based on bias but righteousness. Then it kinda lead him to go to the Ramas side.. something like that. I am sorry I dont remember much now. The quote is something say thats opposite of one makes a wrong decision at a wrong time. So he wishes for sadbuddhi at the worst times. I tried to look for this on Internet it fetched no results or maybe I am missing something. Thank you so much. Fully hindi Bhandara dubbed comedy video link plz.... Visit this channel and subscribe also like or share.... Comment witch you want to dubbed video. What ate the jobs i get if i crack UPSC [R]: [deleted]. Best hindi insults.: Need some hardcore insults in Hindi.. Point of Sale POS Systems for Small Business Coffee Shop Restaurants Retail Shops Pubs Bars Hospitality Hospitals etc. Taj Mahal Getting Demolished By Vedic YogiNanoBots [2018][Reenactment]. why are old articles upvoted to front page what is with politics all the time: [removed]. Reformer or First AntiHindu Element The Full Story of Raja Ram Mohun Roy. [P][R] 50year pipedream Centre tells top court: [deleted]. Need legal help about apprentice act/factory act. [R]: LONG My girlfriend has been employed in a factory with horrible working hours bad pay and bad workplace environment. Being a woman in a factory doesnt help either. They made her sign a bond at the time of employment. 1 year management trainee 1 year regular employee Currently she is on probation and her job title is management trainee and needs to know if she comes under the apprentice act or the factory act Graduate worker. Any legal counsel would be great. . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 84: [removed]. Indias Nuclear Scientists Keep Dying Mysteriouslynovember 2013old. Taken using a mobile phone with macro lens. Feedback is welcome. Looking for a therapist in MUMBAI: [deleted]. ShowerThoughts Calling someone a saala is just a subtle way of telling them that you did their sister. [R]. Congress amp BJP same guy [R]: [removed]. Samsung is gifting free Galaxy Note 8 to fliers keep eyes open next time you are in plane. [R] PSA Dont pretend to be the sanskari kid at home to keep peace. It will only hurt you in the long run: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 83: [removed]. [R] Record videos Explaining Depression and other psychological issues: I think significant portion of the population struggles with psychological issues but lacks even basic framework to tackle these problems. Ideally they should be reaching out to a psychiatrist but we have very few of them and many people cant afford them either. I would like to produce some videos in local languages explaining depression what we know so far about it science what natural remedies are there and how to learn more about it. If we make many small videos people can share that through WhatsApp or other social media and hopefully we can reach people who are in need. I cant do it alone because I dont have all the necessary skills to accomplish this. I am here to assemble a team. Please let me know if you are a committed individual and would like to spend few hours every week trying to put together these videos. You can help in many ways We need to research mental health issues and write out a summary in a language that regular folks can understand We need to identify locally accessible natural remedies and techniques like meditation or exercise etc. that people can do without spending too much money think of a lower middle class Indian family We need to record professional looking videos I will get money dont worry about that because those who are struggling have trouble understanding and good quality videos that are easy to understand cost money. We also want to make sure people trust these videos. We need to have voice and subs in multiple languages so someone to translate whatever we write to different Indian languages like Hindi Telugu Tamil Marathi etc. We need some animators to animate certain aspects of the videos We need to identify a way for people to reach out to ask questions once they watch the video if they have any As someone who struggled through this I do have some experience and would like to contribute to the research. I will also put some money and will take care of asking people for donations so we will have enough money to create good easy to understand videos. Let me know if any of you are interested. I dont want too big of a team so please tell me what you are going to contribute. I am also interested in brainstorming so feel free to post if you have any ideas. Others I appreciate if you up vote so I have a chance of finding right set of people who can help with this endeavor. . Bollywood Live Adaptation of One Punch Man. First movie should be about beggining till Boros defeat. Ranbir Kapoor is perfect being Saitama: A well rendered Boros This armour that has sealed my immeasurable irrepressible power... has been broken... says all this in hindi Ranbir Kapoor Saitama Teekeh Ranbir Kapoor is the perfect guy to play as Saitama. He can easily pull out the blank and goofy Saitama expressions. And for gods sake dont even think of adding romance into this. Just follow the source material and please dont add dances in between.. [Factcheck] Data shows that Madhya Pradesh has some of the most unsafe roads in India: MP CM Shivraj Chauhan made some [interesting comments]https//youtu.be/PrBvoMFKqwt30s video link while he was in the US. I searched to see how accurate his claims were regarding roads in Madhya Pradesh. While there is no way to directly compare US/Washington DC with MP we can look at the condition of roads in his state. gt [Potholes claimed 11386 lives during 201316]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/deadlypitspotholesclaimed11386livesduring201316/articleshow/60774243.cms gt The data compiled by the ministry of road transport and highways shows Uttar Pradesh recorded the maximum pothole deaths 3428 followed by Maharashtra 1410 Madhya Pradesh 1244 West Bengal 783 Bihar 659 Gujarat 597 Andhra Pradesh 497 Tamil Nadu 481 Rajasthan 440 and Punjab 367. The actual figures could be grimmer since many cases go unreported sources said. gt Craters are mainly formed due to the inferior quality of construction material and poor maintenance but police rarely record such cases as potholerelated accidents he said. gt https//i.imgur.com/jeyq5VG.jpg UP has some stunning numbers. Madhya Pradesh is third worst in the country where the current CM has been in power for over a decade. The article mentions that factors such as road length contributes to the high number some states have. gt Some states recorded more deaths due to various reasons such as road length vehicular population and rate of rainfall. Maharashtra Uttar Pradesh Assam Karnataka and West Bengal account for about 43 of the total road length of the country. Notice which state isnt mentioned I could not find the latest data for road lengths did not look too hard [but I did find data till 2011]https//data.gov.in/node/85820/download direct link to XLS file which could at least give some indication. MP ranked 10 in road length and has half the roads as compared to UP. So it would be fair to say that MP has disproportionately high number of deaths due to poor roads and the CM was fibbing when he made that comment.. Video Kalki Koechlin still wants to know why women have to pay 12 percent GST on sanitary napkins. Beer to get costlier in Maharashtra as excise duty hiked by upto 35. HELP...i am very depressed: so here it goes...honest to god i am a kind person with a good heart this may sound ridicoulous to you but i really am i have always talked and interacted with everyone with good intentions and i always trust and speak my friends from the bottom of my heart.. i am feeling very depressed from past months and i am unable to shake the feeling of sadness within me....it is because i think the values in todays people have gone to shit...it feels like you are always a means to an end and as soon your job is finished you can get the hell out. no one cares about whether you are kind or good hearted or not they take kindness for weakness and think you are a weakling. even the person i love doesnt see anything yet always talks about finding someone who is not fake who puts in the effort and stuff like that and yet doesnt see it.. it breaks my heart into a million pieces...i mean you know whats the point of being kind or having a good heart when always you are the one being mistreated and abandoned....but you know what the funny thing is.. is that i am an idiot as there is something inside me which tells me to keep going that one day they will see it one day it will all be good dont lose hope...but slowly the flame is being extinguished within me..everyday it seems like i am nearing to the day where i would stop moving forward and just give up...i am an emotional fool i have always have been and people have used that in every way possible i find it hard to cry because it has made me numb..i dont know what to do its like happiness is like a fading memory for me nowadays. dont know how long would i be able to keep up.. Watch A Tribute to APJ Abdul Kalams Inspiring Life Set to AR Rahmans Music. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 82: [removed]. Advertisement of Anuska Sharma and Virat kohli Manyavar ad of Anuska .... 100 Women Its not a sin for women to play cricket. Go for a Ride at the National Rail Museum in Delhi. Eighteenmonthold child raped by her uncle in Uttar Pradesh. Hello R/india what do you think of the hobby of Cosplay in India: Im an Indian cosplayer and I wanted to find out how does r/india respond to cosplay.. How have you [F] dealt with overprotective and conservative parents: My girlfriend has religious and conservative parents. Her father is overprotective since she is the only girlchild in her family. I wouldnt say that they are too overprotective because Ive seen worse cases. Her parents dont allow her to lock her room or stay alone even for a while. They know her phone password they dont know that she has close male friends let alone a boyfriend. Theyre conservative when it comes to dating. She wants to go to study in a new city as well. She is trying hard to change their mindset and allow her more freedom but it doesnt seem to work. Indian women please help with some advice. Thanks. . Did Spotify just get launched in India: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 81: [removed]. [R] A middle aged married man with 12000 followers and two teen daughters sends vulgar messages to girls on quora.All of them reported no action takenwhat to do: Not chanelling another hate movement or socialnazi behaviour but my sister used to get apalling messages from him. Not only she her friend also received similar messages. Few days back some other girls also by viewing their comments assured that the same person was doing this. Comments like you are hot you take my breath away you will like my tight hugs are the kinds of messages he sends.All of us and our friends reported but nothing happens.How can we do something Its sick to see him on that pedestal EDIT My sister doesnt want to venture into internet muchreason she doesnt trust. I have asked u/Ladydinosour to come here. Ask her here anything about this.She is new to reddit. Also 1.She and all the friends she has does not want to go to any high profile protocol process and get him in trouble with policeWe would be only wanting to ban his accountIt is not very wise to go to police because they are not comfortable with this. 2.For at least now we are not going to expose the person involved and the victims but will share the screenshots if this get traction.He has got high no. of followers and can cause unnecessary consequences in this nascent stage 3.Doing it here since quora mod is somewhat cruel to complainers too and can get innocent accounts banned. Although little shortly after I am gonna post a proof of his vulgar messages. 4.One of her friends just messaged him asking why being a top writer he messages so many girls She got a BNBR violation moderation message instantly. Online forums are of course known for harassing females but that kind of guy with a family and two daughters not respecting the females of age of his daughters and getting away with thatjust because he is top writer from India can not be accepted. He doesnt deserve that stature . We are discovering more females with whom he does this.proof [This is todays pic]https//imgur.com/a/Rrvh7 I will shortly bring other 3 girls too to this thread and you can ask them regarding himone has 6k followers and another has 2.6k followers yet they didnt escape their ordeal.All we want is not retribution but a bit motivation that we are not alone.They have written contents and they dont want to get banned for going against him EDIT 2. No we would not target shame amp victimize his girls. . Belated Happy Diwali to all Randians....: [deleted]. [R] Sorry state of education system in our country. A personal experience: A bit of background first. I work in a government entity and today I was taking interview for non permanent contractual staff. So this person comes who has done MSc in Electronics BSc in some computer application from a good university in tier 3 city in southern india. He was teaching physics to 69th grade in a nearby top tier school for past 34 years. Following were my observation. 1. Not to my surprise interview went terrible where he wasnt able to answer anything what he had written in his CV. 2. Being a Physics teacher he wasnt able to answer newtons 3 laws of motion. In fact he just blurted out few terms here and there. Without any proper explanation. 3. He had bought his final year MSc project from shop. Project title was Microcontroller. He had no idea what microcontroller is. 4. CV mentioned knowledge in SQL and MS Office. Wasnt able to answer full form of SQL or what SQL actually do. We asked him demo of writing a word document but he couldnt format change font or justify the margins. Yet at the end we had to consider him as a serious candidate because the place where i work is a bit remote however transport and all is provided. My biggest concern was him teaching physics to upcoming school students. This is not the first time this has happened. If this person with no knowledge of Science is a teacher in a school then I am quite sure there are many more. I am not saying that I am expecting some genius here. And I know that talented people wont stay in tier 3 city anyway. But the bar is set so low for competence that literally anyone who has degree to show can become a teacher or become a part of government machinery without much to give. We really need a complete overhaul of our education system. [Update] The SIT on Gauri Lankeshs murder has refuted the claim to have any info. that the members of the Sanathan Sanstha carried out the attack on her. Also there is no scientific evidence yet to support the claim that the same weapon was used as was in Dabholkars and Kalburgis murder.: On 14 Sept 2017 [there was a report in the Indian Express]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/gunusedtokillgaurilankeshisthesameonethatkilledmmkalburgiforensics4842625/ that the weapons used to kill Gauri Lankesh and M M Kalburgi were the same. As [opined earlier in the thread]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6zzn4a/gunusedtokillgaurilankeshisthesameone/dmzhxh2/context3 the news report was based on unknown sources in the Forensics. And more importantly no criminal mind would leave behind bread crumbs and reuse the same weapon he had used in another high profile murder. The weapon 7.65mm countrymade pistol also known as desi kattas used in the Lankeshs murder is widely available in the black market. A couple of days during their investigation [the SIT had unearthed an interstate illegal gun racket too]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/searchforgunammousedtokillgauriunearthsweaponsracket4899554/. On 6th Oct. 2017 [Indian Express had a report claiming]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/fivelinkedtosanatansansthakeysuspectsingaurilankeshsmurder4876649/ that five missing persons linked to Sanatan Sanstha were key suspects in the Gauri Lankeshs murder. But the report here again was based on sources again. Other news portals followed soon and carried the same news based on the Indian Express report [NewsLaundry]https//www.newslaundry.com/shorts/gaurilankeshsanatansanstha [India.com]http//www.india.com/news/india/gaurilankeshmurderfivelinkedtosanatansansthaamongkeysuspectsthreehadroleingovindpansarenarendradabholkarmmkalburgikillings2517267/ [TheCitizen]http//www.thecitizen.in/index.php/NewsDetail/index/1/11916/RightWingSanatanSansthaMenKeySuspectsinGauriLankeshMurder [NewsX]http//www.newsx.com/national/gaurilankeshmurder5sanatansansthamenamongkeysuspects [TimesNow]http//www.timesnownews.com/india/video/gaurilankeshmudersanatansansthabengalurusitcbiniajournalistmuder/102352 [FinancialExpress]http//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/gaurilankeshdeath5keysuspectsinjournalistsmurderlinkedtosanatansanstha/884297/ [JantaKaReporter]http//www.jantakareporter.com/india/sanatansansthakeysuspectsgaurilankesh/153591/ [Firstpost]http//www.firstpost.com/india/5sanatansansthamembersemergeaskeysuspectsingaurilankeshmurdercaseallyouneedtoknowaboutthem4115851.html etc. r/India thread https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/74kv8g After a month on 14th October 2017 the SIT has released three sketches of two suspects. And so far they had investigated 200250 people in relation to the case. The SIT also has clarified that there is no information from their side about involvement of Sanathan Sanstha and the weapons used in Lankeshs and Kalburgis murder too. gt SIT chief B K Singh said that so far 200250 people have been investigated in relation with the case. He added that news reports of members of the Sanathan Sanstha carrying out the attack is unfounded. That information referring to Sanathan Sanstha is only in the media. From our side there is no information of any organisation till now Singh was quoted as saying by news agency ANI. Singh denied that the weapons used in the murders of M M Kalburgi and Gauri Lankesh are the same. gt Singhs statements also clarified that they are yet to find any scientific evidence to link Lankeshs murder with the other three rationalists as reported by some sections of the media. There are similarities and dissimilarities in the case Singh said to questions on links between the murders that a section of society have decoded to call attempts to silence free speech. gt There are some dissimilarities between the Gauri Lankesh Pansare Dabholkar and Kalburgi cases but there is an equal number of similarities also. So we cannot say with a 100percent surety whether there is a pattern behind these killings he said. Sources https//twitter.com/ani/status/919081047593181184 http//indianexpress.com/article/india/gaurilankeshmurdersketchesofkillerssuspectsreleasedkarnatakapolicesitsayhopeforcooperationfrompublic4889773/ http//www.livemint.com/Politics/2fw6zJOJdRDCfUY84gpTlJ/GauriLankeshmurderSITreleasessketchesofsuspects.html http//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/gaurilankeshskillingsitreleasessketchesoftwosuspects2413105.html It also should be noted that the SIT team is looking for a third party opinion from the Scotland Yard as the spent cartridges in M M Kalburgis and Dr Narendra Dabholkars case are with the Scotland Yard. This report is again based on sources. As per the [report from The New Indian Express dated 8th Oct. 17]http//www.newindianexpress.com/cities/bengaluru/2017/oct/08/probeteamlookstoscotlandyardforcluesingaurilankeshcase1668490.html gt Sources in the SIT said We are looking at whether the same or similar weapon and bullets were used to kill Gauri. In the case of Gauri Lankesh the forensic lab reports show that 7.65mm bullets were fired from a countrymade pistol. We want to analyse this with the other cartridges as well. gt We approached Central Bureau of Investigation CBI but they informed us that the cartridges are with Scotland Yard police to whom the evidence was sent in 2016 for expert opinion. We contacted Scotland Yard police but we were told that we need to have directions from the court. Now the SIT will have to take help of the External Affairs Ministry and diplomatic channels to get those cartridges back. But as per the [report from MoneyControl dated 14th Oct. 17]http//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/gaurilankeshskillingsitreleasessketchesoftwosuspects2413105.html gt The SIT chief also refuted reports that they had sought assistance from Scotland Yard in solving the case. gt We will definitely seek assistance from international agencies if we require. In this case we have not sought any such help he said. The spent cartridges used in the M M Kalburgis and Dr Narendra Dabholkars murder were supposed to be investiaged by the Scotland Yard as the Bombay High court in September 2016 had directed the CBI to do so. gt The Bombay High Court Thursday told the CBI to obtain within six weeks forensic reports from the Scotland Yard in connection with the probe into murders of rationalist Narendra Dabholkar communist leader Govind Pansare and scholar M M Kalburgi. gt The CBI has sent to the Scotland Yard samples of bullets and cartridges found at each of the three crime spots to find out if there was a connection between the three murders. Source http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/dabholkarmurdercasebombayhccbiscotlandyardreportpansarekalburgi3056967/ It should also be noted CBI said to HC in Jan. 17 that the Scotland Yard has refused to help as there was no written agreement with the UK govt for the same. gt Singh said Scotland Yard had said that while it was willing to look into the ballistics sample it couldnt give its opinion unless the CBI got a written agreement from the United Kingdom home department. gt Getting such an agreement is likely to take a lot of time and thus considering the legal and practical difficulties we have decided to drop it Singh said. gt Such opinion CBI had claimed was essential to determine whether there was a link to or whether the same weapons had been used in the murders of Dabholkar Pansare and Kannada scholar MM Kalburgi. Source http//www.hindustantimes.com/mumbainews/nohelpfromscotlandyardfordabholkarpansarekalburgimurderscbitohc/storyEdx3B4QjduwC86bSlVtMdK.html TLDR Please read. Dont let our Investigative agencies be puppets of any Central or State govts. And also dont let our news reporting agencies get away with half baked truths.. Indias Hindu vigilantes killing to protect cows Unreported World. 50 deaths in 60 days Are coaching centres driving students to suicide. [R] suggestions too much spam/scam calls from international numbers: I am getting too much spam/scam missed calls from international number it rings for few seconds and every time numbers are different from different countries too so blocking them is not possible. I have barely used this number for any services I dont get any regular spam from Indian telemarketers except aadhar link spam and govt swach bharat kind spam etc. I dont know if someone is trying to clone my sim or some other shady stuff or it is just regular normal spam nothing to worry about . [R] Scammed: I am from a middle class family and recently we have been robbed of nearly 2 lakhs. We actually had to pay the amount for admission fees for my sisters college online which was successful.However the money actually was deposited to another colleges account.The logo of the college and its name was identical to the college we she wanted admission.The college now is refusing to give the money back. Is there anything which can be done for the problem Sorry for the poor english.Thanks.. What should I do: [removed]. Who should be in Rahul Gandhis cabinet if he becomes PM: Hi all we know Modi is going to go down in 2019 who do you think RG should have in his team. I think r/india is more obsessed with cow jokes just as much as the people who actually worship cows irl.: [removed]. What is ou[r] country. [OC][R]oads snaking through the Western Ghats during the monsoon Maharashtra. One is a tiger the other is a snake. Open dog whistling against Muslims in a talk held at IIT Madras: https//www.youtube.com/watchv7QjFUndnWDs Its a long talk and starts off fairly moderate. The hate starts around the 5200 mark. Here are some choice quotes with timestamps. Italicized sentences are my notes. We will realise that if we do not find for ourselves a common identity we will be picked apart one by one 5212 He doesnt use the words Muslim or Christian throughout the talk until he deals with a question later on. Its always as A certain community or they with the first notable instance being at 5225 After years of going through nasty experiences from 700 AD to even perhaps today we still havent learned our lessons. 5328 Have Tibetans killed you ... Have you heard of one problem between Jews and non Jews More talk of other minorities in India So how is it that a position with respect to one particular group is immediately interpreted as an antiminority position 5835 In your own lifetime you will find a thousand warmongers and barbarians standing outside your home and asking you to give up your life or give up your faith. 10019 On a question asking for advice on dealing with Muslims and Christians One is a tiger the other is a snake 12945 A Kashmiri asks a question at 13228. The speakers answer is interesting to watch. People of all religions do not have equal rights as far as this country is concerned 13640 IIT Madras is a public funded institute and for them to host a talk with such obvious dog whistles is a disgrace.. Officers in business class minister flies economy.. Somebody in Mumbai help this girl out: context https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/77tng7/helpfortwowomenbeingharassedathome/dook2gd/ I think her post got removed due to no flair. . [R] People with Chronic Illness / Dependents having how you deal with it.: People having chronic illness or having dependents having such illness wherein hospital visits are frequent. How you deal with it. IF a person has chronic illness which wont improve with time how should the Government deal with it Should they offer choice of euthanasia / assisted suicide Why should someone keep on paying for a medical treatment if its not going to long for a good amount of time i.e the procedure or treatment may just extend life by months What about people having no dependents or family to take care of them and in old age have to deal with it alone should not a person be allowed to end their life with dignity rather than die a painful death and be noticed by neighbours when the rotten corpse smell comes out You may call me insane or crazy but I am of belief that your life belongs to you and if anyone decides to end it they take full responsibility for it. SO the Government should have venues for euthanasia / assisted suicide. As a normal individual now can i make a will wherein i state that If i end up in vegetative state / coma or in a big accident wherein my survival chances are low I would wish the doctors to stop trying to revive me and treat my will as death with dignity. . [NP][Serious] Have you ever had a runin with the paranormal: There is a place called Mukti Dhaam in Jaipur it is in the Transport Nagar area. Apparently various supernatural entities show up there in the wee hours of the night between 12 AM to AM. These are the types of entities 1. Chudail 2. Bhoot 3. Jinn 4. Chetkin 5. Preta 6. Kaala saaya 7. Safed saaya Have you ever had an encounter with the supernatural Im quite curious and I would like to read your stories.. BRAHMINS GTFIH. DONT BE MISLED BY THE LEFT.: [removed]. Please help me with some medical advice: Im a Male 21 who have been suffering from a continuous pain in my right chest. It used to be so severe at times that I couldnt even sneeze. Along with this Ive digestive issues as well like acidity flatulance constipation occasionally. What could be the reason for these Could this be a sign of some serious diseases And what type of doctor should I consult Pardon any grammatical errors. . [R] GVK Power set to bag 16000cr Navi Mumbai airport project. The swadeshi apple. [NP][R] Reddit India Data Analysis Part 2: [removed]. Marching for Jihad.. Randians from IITs IINs ISM XLRI IIM or anywhere please help me solve this problem.: [deleted]. Best Places To Visit in Manali And Things to do in Manali. [NP] Happy Diwali From Karachi: Hey friends I recently came across this subreddit. I just want to say Happy Diwali to all of you on behalf of your Pakistani brothers. Lets stop fighting and use social sites for creating friendly relations between Pakistan and India. It will benefit both of countries Thanks . India tops global pollution deaths of 9 million a year. Bengaluru Metro steps into its seventh year today. How to restrict porn/xxx rated stuff on my home broadband : Hi People I stay with my cousins who are 1415 and 17. They use a lot of Youtube FB et al. Im afraid they might end up landing on porno sites and get addicted to such stuff. How can I ensure theyre not using such stuff I use broadband of spectra and there is no such parental control on my login page. Just to be on the safe side I have turned on the safe mode on chrome. Im primarily concerned about 15 YO cousin. He keeps on visiting weirdass sites so just want to make sure theyre on the safe side. I work in a day job so cant know what theyre doing. Also in case youre wondering those creepy top trending videos on Youtube are there because of horny kids like my cousins. I have seen couple of times 15 YO keeps on watching Kaatil Jawani and shit like that on YT. I keep mum because I dont wanna get in way with his/their puberty but also dont want them to end up as a consummate masturbator. Thanks. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 79: [removed]. PornHub Celebrates Diwali. Indias smart city comes with plans to keep it from slum future. 27 children in India are married before they turn 18 says UN report. The report by the United Nations Fund for Population Activities UNFPA says India continues to lag behind in protecting women from birthrelated deaths.. Odisha govt hospitalised after chest pain PTI feed News. Happy Birthday Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar.: Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar was awarded the 1983 Nobel Prize for Physics with William A. Fowler for his theoretical studies of the physical processes of importance to the structure and evolution of the stars. He also received Padma Vibhusan and many more awards.. Shruthi Hassan Fashion Statement Diwali Wishes ENTV4World. Problem with neighbours: I have a cliched problem with neighbours. They are constant fight mongers with my parents. I came home for this diwali and lighted few crackers yesterday. Few unburnt papers flew in to they porch and the neighbour goes haywaire saying that he will murder people. I could have ignored such comments but my parents are old and they cannot afford such pressure. My parents keep mum because our neighbours are ST and they fear a community fight back after this. Now I didnt know what to do with this. I came for help. Randia how do you deal with this stuff. Left my software engineer job after 6 years of experience to concentrate on family business.Iam back now after almost one year gap. How difficult will it be for me to find a job.[R]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 78: [removed]. Help with how to do a small Diwali celebration in the US: I hope this is the right place for this but if not I apologize right now. So my wife is from India and this time of year I feel like she gets a bit homesick we live in the US. Given that Diwali starts tomorrow I was hoping to do some sort of celebration to try to bring a small bit of India to us. So on to my question. Does anybody have suggestions for small things that I can do to help her feel a bit more of the Diwali spirit If you read this far thanks for taking the time. Any help is super appreciated. . Can Genetics Help Us Understand Indian Social History. Durga puja in kolkata. Isnt it time we accepted Mughals as Indians and stop divisive politics After all they lived here for 800 years. [NP] [R]: [removed]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 77: [removed]. India orders Delhi power plant generator shutdown as air worsens. Kolkata to get Indias first 24x7 information security helpline. Gold biscuits worth Rs 39 lakh seized at Chandigarh airport. Dhanteras Offers You Cant miss. [R] Are self help books really useful: If yes can someone please suggest some books that deal with life in general . Are Indians losing their identity in the name of Secularism: [removed]. 25 diwali gifts [unique]. The Rick and Morty fad in India: [deleted]. Hypocrite in India: People what do you think How much percentage of Indian population is hypocrite Just take a wild guess. 104080100 I am trying to figure out what other people in India think about this . [Meh] Allow for deplorables: [removed]. 25 Diwali Gift Ideas for everyone. First transgender judge in India Joyita Mondal fights discrimination. Why does Reddit think emigration is a great idea: I understand why you want to emigrate. Pathetic government corruption stupid people etc... But how is emigration going to solve your problems First off no country will readily accept a foreigner. Even right now Indians are facing racism in top destinations like USA. It would be a struggle to get a citizenship and other benefits the citizens of that country would get. Plus you have your culture and tradition that some people in other countries may find odd and you may have to change your lifestyle. You would be far away from your relatives and loved ones. Of course there are some benefits both shortterm and longterm but overall are you actually going to be better off in a foreign country No country will feel as natural to you as your own. Instead of giving up and changing countries please try to stay and change the country. Sorry if I sound a little naive and probably delusional but this is something that I was compelled to say.. Has anyone done MBA in Europe: Where did you to study Is it worth it . Did Sshivani Durga really performed black magic on Shilpa Shinde for which she is evicted from the Bigg Boss house. Should we have a New Flair Jobs/education: Given the number of career threads and education threads on this subreddit we should include a new flair since I dont think we should club them all under Nonpolitical. Elderly mans mutilated body found in Dadri. Madras Observatory Empire and the rise of modern astronomy in the Indian subcontinent. Why are Indian professionals so obsessed with business analysis and MBA degress [R]: I mean doing things like these Start talking about the company portfolio of coca cola or the business analysis of dabbawallas in Mumbai or the story of how the current billionaire is a greatest person in India and then dissect his past in details and then compare with your own life / people around you. Then feel bad about you are different than he was. Tell your friends that they will never become rich because their lives are different than his was. He used to buy veggetables on his own and haggle for the prices. See what we are doing Have you come across these people If yes then how frequently Then they slipping in business and company topics in casual conversations. The worship of CEOs CTOs VPs. Why do you think so many of us are obsessed with Business topics and MBA degrees. After reading the nth criticism of Rally For Rivers I am now convinced of its cause.: [This piece]http//www.thehindu.com/scitech/energyandenvironment/dotreesmakeriversflow/article19853181.ece is probably the most honest examination of whats right and wrong with his idea. TLDR The species Sadhguru has chosen will not work across India. But his project is open to changes when it comes to final stage of actually planting. Read this ending para the most important and one that defuses all existing criticism gtFortunately there is a threemonth feedback window for State governments NGOs scientists and concerned citizens to share their knowledge and voice their concerns. Right now all Sadhguru is doing is gathering support for something that needs a nationwide movement. When it comes to actually planting trees surely we have enough scientists and botanists to tell the volunteers which species to plant and where. Sadhguru is uniquely positioned to rouse public support. NO activist or scientist has this ability. He can get the govt and public to be involved and our scientists can give him the inputs to do the right thing in the right places. This is a solid division of labour and expertise. Environmentalists have written reams talking of the damage tree loss has done to our waterbeds and soil. And they know that each region is different. We have experts on trees in every region in India. Sadhguru must take their input and I see no sign that he will not in the end. It will be the largest collective action Indians have ever done for the environment. Its just a research proposal now sure but what stops us from making it a good one I think this project has immense potential. Instead of pointing fingers at it wouldnt we benefit more as a nation by participating and guiding to a good conclusion If Sadhguru just goes as planned yeah it will not affect the country much. It may even do harm. But by all indicators he seems open to change. So why not Rally for Rivers /rant /opinion . Regional Festivals within 5 Days of Diwali Season: [deleted]. The HinduMuslim marriage stuck in Indias Supreme Court. [AMA Announcement] Ashish K. Mishra Managing Editor The Ken theken.com 17th October: Verification https//twitter.com/akm1410/status/917338154079633408 Date Time October 17th Evening Note this is just an announcement the actual AMA will be posted at the earlier date and time. Please direct your questions to that thread. About Ashish has spent just about a decade in journalism. In his last assignment he was a Deputy Editor at Mint a financial daily published by HT Media. At the paper he wrote long deeply reported feature stories. His earlier assignments Forbes India magazine and The Economic Times. Born in Kolkata. Studied in New Delhi B.Com from Shri Ram College of Commerce Delhi University. Lives in Mumbai. Works out of anywhere where there is a good story to be told. The Ken is a new digital subscriptiondriven publication headquartered out of Bangalore India. Founded by a team of experienced journalists and entrepreneurs The Kens goal is to deliver fresh and original business insight through wellnarrated stories to professionals entrepreneurs investors and leaders every morning.. Joey for Reddit First unofficial app that autoplays inline GIFs/videos. It also streams comments has color coded usernames screen lock magazine style AMAs most customizable themes omni subreddit finder supports new profile pages amp is optimized for r/india: Hello everyone I have noticed the most common reason that holds back people from using 3rd party Reddit apps is that they dont have autoplay for GIFs and push notifications. So I have added both of them [Obligatory Google Play Link]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsido.o.joey Here are some of the notable features of Joey Read r/india posts topic wise [See pic]https//i.imgur.com/9qa4PbH.png Ad free Auto play GIFs and videos in the feed [ See it in action]https//streamable.com/q6je2 MEDIA CARDS [see it in action]https//streamable.com/5tt5q Stream all GIFs. imgur vid.me streamable gfycat all others too. 1. No waiting for download of entire GIF. Instant Stream. Multi column Tab Layout Best Reddit experience. [See pic]https//i.imgur.com/lKtpam3.png Reader view for web articles Enjoy clutter free reading. Streams comments. Super useful for match threads.[See pic]http//i.imgur.com/MfKwmt8.png https//streamable.com/iw1ko Only app with Text to speech support 1. Joey will read out self posts and comments for you. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/e5QpgoH.png Designed bottom up for AMAs 1. Read AMAs in magazine style question answer format. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/60cv04E.png. [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvf0wesvwL0Tw. 1. Read AMA category wise. Say if you want to read only gaming AMA right now. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/G9dYQ4m.png. 1. Works for Crossposts MultiAuthor AMA 1. Never miss an AMA See upcoming AMA in your local time add them to your calendar. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/LqWQak3.png. 1. Shows live AMA going on right now Omni Subreddit Finder Searches your subscriptions and the web simultaneously. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/5eJrjwD.png Most customizable theme. Color everything to your liking. [See pic ]https//i.imgur.com/H0grurO.png Auto theme Change themes automatically [See pic]https//i.imgur.com/SllbUes.png Most powerful texteditor[ yes including RES ] 1. Table heading code and more. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/KpeWnri.png. Most flexible font customization Designed for comments. 1. See all the ancestors of a comment with the siblings of ancestor comments collapsed.[See Pic]http//i.imgur.com/qeWzWkG.png. [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvzYMbRg8BKvI. 1. Color coded usernames Highlights users who have participated earlier in the comment chain. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/XsrxbXN.png 1. Ability to collapse the thread from any comment. 1. Level N Collapse Collapse comments at any level of your choice New comments added after your last visit are highlighted Designed for albums In current clients we generally have to swipe horizontally to flip through photos and vertically to read the description of the photos. 1. Joey has Vertical Cards for albums swipe only in one direction. It also has inplace zoom. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/Pup16WR.png [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvNQh86oIBjB4. 1. Navigate albums using volume key. Long press thumbnails to preview [See pic]https//i.imgur.com/cbdJM0G.png Push notification Get your notifications instantly Immersive fullscreen Distraction free browsing Screen Lock [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/RhhKJur.png Most customizable data saving settings [See pic]https//i.imgur.com/83wEqzb.png Each subreddit can have its own sortinghot new etc. Powerful subscription management Pin hide add bookmarks [See pic]https//i.imgur.com/nnxjFu8.png Supports Reddit live [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/hBU74zB.png Optimized for r/science 1. Read the posts category wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/Lc21JUh.png. 1. Add upcoming AMA to you calendar. Optimized for r/askscience 1. Read the question category wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/O0DYgL7.png. Optimized for r/LifeProTips 1. Read LPTs topic wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/OheUPFr.png. Optimized for /r/DIY 1. Read DIY posts topic wise. [See pic.]http//i.imgur.com/Uh0NHyQ.png Supports new profile pages. [see pic]http//i.imgur.com/68jyeD1.png Friend list Real trophycase for your Reddit trophies Smooth animations. If you guys think the app could use some improvement please let me know. PS I will provide option to remove the Koala in the drawer in upcoming release and material icons for r/india topics will be added in due time. . SHOWE[R]THOUGHT Instead of giving 10000 crore to 10 institutes it is possible to give 5000 books to every college in the country with the same amount of money.: Reference https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/rs10000crorewillbegiventotop10universitiestomakethemworldclassnarendramodi/articleshow/61079805.cms Considering an average cost of Rs.500 per book there come 20 crore books in 10000 crore Rs. There are currently 37000 UG colleges in India. Considering a future figure of 40000 colleges even that becomes 200000000/40000 5000 books for each college. Even if you increase average book cost 5 times to Rs.2500 you still get a whopping 1000 books per college. We all know the quality a thousand books worth Rs.2500 can bring to a college. I wonder what can benefit our country more 10000 crore to 10 select institutes or 5000 books to each and every college in the country. I may be wrong but I wonder. . India needs 45 bn investment to improve airports capacity by 2030 CAPA. Podcast Listen To Devi Yesodharan Talk About The Powerful Chola Empire. Dalit Priests Are A Welcome Development But What Did Marxists Have To Do With It. HT Youth Survey Corruption terrorism biggest challenges. Audrey Truschke The historian who engages. Hinduism is meant to be evolutionary religion. Please dont shame it by burning crackers on Diwali.: Even its Hindu tradition then also we should not burn crackers because religion and culture should be evolutionary. Our current population pollution correlation is dangerous at present times and need urgent evolution of our mentality.. So I made a new subreddit because we can always use more places to be happy in. . Bonjour Maha Barath: Bonjour from Bordeaux. this sub has gone to dogs: [removed]. for r/India Rahul Gandhi is new hero jantaka reporter and national herald are new fav sites.: [removed]. This gem of a post on my family WhatsApp group. Companies have power to change societal perceptions on LGBTI persons says U.N. Human Rights Officer. Southern Indias Caste System Predates Arrival of IndoEuropeans Genographic Project Reveals: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 75: [removed]. Indias most disasterprone country with highest displacement of people. [askindia] I need career advise for a young female modelling enthusiast [R][NP]: Not me but my cousin who is 17 years old is highly passionate about modelling. From the age of 14 she has won few events including one local beauty pageant. Her parents are not very encouraging are stuck with usual middle class career choices and have typical conservative mindset. They do listen to me and my cousin is requesting me to convince them so that she can pursue her interests more seriously. A little push from my side can make difference to her life. I need your help in articulating what she is looking at if she pursue her passion. What career opportunities are there for her What should she be doing after she finishes her school this year I can give usual gyan to her parents but I need some specific details about this particular area. Any guidance thoughts including any pointers would be greatly appreciated.. Insight Uniform Civil Code Soon 13/10/17. HT Youth Survey Women more likely to cheat on their partners lie to parents. HT Youth Survey Indias young are selfcentred will do almost anything for themselves. Businessmen of r/india how did GST affect your cash flows: Over the last few days Ive seen articles saying GST [affects cash flows negatively]https//scroll.in/article/853055/wearedoingsevaforgovernmentmumbaissteeltraderssaygsthasstoppedtheircashflow and [a specific article that claims otherwise]https//swarajyamag.com/economy/gstmaybesolvingacriticalproblemforsmescashflow. What has your experience been. [R] Before investigating Hadiyas conversion the NIA should read why western women embrace Islam. r/India Need suggestions I need your help with pet names for my gf: [removed]. India among fastest growing medical tourism destinations Official. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 74: [removed]. In Talwars Case Media Crossed All Boundaries Must Accept Blame. Hi r/India are you an alcoholic How much and what do you drink Do you think you need support [serious]. Army of Women Tackle Electricity Thieves in Indian Slums. India To Send 3 Lakh Youth To Japan For OnJob Training: [deleted]. [R] Are people from India bothered by the way people say Chai Tea: Im in the middle of a giant circlejerk on Facebook where I seem to of accidentally triggered a group full of racist PoCs who insist that their culture is being bastardized by people saying Chai Tea. Ill put together an imgur upload of this unbelievable argument after I block out some names so you guys can see how ridiculous this truly is but what are your opinions on the topic. Judwaa 2 watch Full Movie Varun Dhawan Jacqueline Fernandez Taapsee Pannu. White girl wants to know what Indians like/dislike as gifts: Hello there I need your help I have met a very nice girl at school we attend the same program in college. She just moved to Canada from India punjab province without any family or friends. She is so young and I am so inspired by her I dont think she came with much. I would like to make her a care package just as a gift and as a welcome to Canada. However I dont want to offend her by giving her certain items as I dont know the culture well. Will you take a look at the list below and let me know if any items are unacceptable Or even if they are highly encouraged I am assuming Indian people are okay with receiving gifts Are there any traditions I should know about This is no strings attached I have extra and I want to share. She wears make up and modern clothing wears her hair down if that helps. School Supplies Notebook/paper/pencil case/pens etc. A school uniform I have a brand new one and we are the same size we need multiple pairs. Hygiene products Shampoo and Conditioner Body Wash and Body Lotion Toothbrush and toothpasteDeodorant Not sure if this is ok Face cloths. Razor and shaving cream Lip Balm Clothes Tank tops a sweater and sweat pants for lounging. A hat and a scarf and mitts winter is coming here and its awful Socks. Pjs Other A small purse to transport school stuff.A small tray to hold items like a watch or a phone I would love some general feedback. If you were new to another country and you did not have any family or friends what would be useful for you to receive if you were a student Would you be offended by any of these things if you are Indian Thanks so much . I[27m] found evidence [26f] that my girlfriend is lying about being a virgin and spending her time in college studying. Arranged Marriage problems: [removed]. Can I give a fake name to buy Steam voucher offline at internet cafes [R]: I want to buy an Steam voucher offline at an internet cafe to top up my account balance. But do I have to use my real name address and phone number Will they ask me to verify it before it can be used For privacy reasons I would rather not give the cafe my personal details. Im giving them the money so I dont want to be spammed by them. Thank you in advance to all those who didnt troll my request.. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 73: [removed]. AarushiHemraj murder case Allahabad HC verdict likely tomorrow on appeal filed by parents. Nupur and Rajesh Talwar were awarded life sentence by a special CBI court in Ghaziabad on November 26 2013 a day after their conviction.. Indian child brides sold in package deals to men from Gulf states. The Ugly Truth Of Bride Trafficking And Agrarian Labour In Haryana. About 29 Lakh Child Marriages in India Between 2001 and 2011 Reveals Report [June]. Hyderabad still a thriving bride bazaar for rich Sheikhs. The recent arrests of eight Sheikhs amp a Qazi for their involvement in trafficking amp child marriages show how a network of brokers amp racketeers lure poor parents into selling their daughters to rich Arabs in the name of marriage in Hyderabad.. 33 of child brides in the world are Indian report. ActionAid India report says India contributes 33 85.2 million of the total number of child brides in the world with nearly 103 million Indians married before they were 18 [June]. Indian child brides sold in package deals to men from Gulf states: [deleted]. Insight Changing AMU BHU Names 10 oct 2017. AMA on Aadhaar with prasannas from http//www.advocateprasanna.in r/antiaadhar. AMA on Aadhaar with prasannas from http//www.advocateprasanna.in r/antiaadhar: [deleted]. Need help r/India.: I am in a shitty situation r/India since two months there have been campus drive in my campus and I am hardly getting a job in one of those its like a fucking casino I have literally wasted too much time and I want to learn things now solving HackerRank problems and learning back end web dev till December. Is there any way to bag a position in Bangalore if I learn and develop few softwares till December Where do I need to sign up Where are the jobs listed Should I individually mail to every small web dev firms for job . child brides Indian child brides sold in package deals to men from Gulf states. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 72: [removed]. Whats up with antagonistic attitude towards medicines by Indians: So I was at a Medical Store in Mumbai this morning to buy some band aids and an elder lady maybe in her 50s came to the store. She had Prescription from an orthopedic doctor. Among other medicines she had Vitamin DCalcium. She said to the shopkeeper that she dont want that and only give him other medicines as other were only prescribed for 1 week while these vitamin tablets were prescribed for 60 days. I assume she must have low blood calcium level and Orthopedic doctor must have observed that. Her literal response was Hum log itni sari dawai me nai mante doctor saheb ne sayad naste k sath chatni ki tarah ye likh di hogi itni sari dawai kaun khayega And left with rest of medicines. So that made me wonder why do Indians have such hostile attitude towards medicines prescribed by a doctor. From her demeanor and clothes she looked like a Urban educated woman. Yet such negative view. . Karnataka to reap higher food output on good rains. Finance Question Do I need to pay tax when my Brother transfer me a lot of money via NEFT transfer[R]: Perhaps a simple question my Brother needs me to take care of some funds and has to transfer me 10L via NEFT which I plan to invest in tax saving MFs on his behalf will I get hit with taxes for this transfer The money is all Post tax all salary TDS taxed income but Income Tax dept should not give me some grief on this. I am not really clear on this. . Send Diwali Gifts Diwali Sweets Diwali Namkeen Online. 4 Indian states produce over 50 of Indias green energy. Looking for info on forced marriage. [R] [np]: Honest question from a non Indian. I am trying to understand the following. http//m.indiatoday.in/story/biharabductionmarriageatgunpointgroomskidnappedshotgunweddings/1/970317.html 1. They say they do this to avoid paying a dowry. But isnt dowry illegal 2. Why do the men stay 3. How us this legal If I put a gun to a doctors head and made give me a prescription for drugs or forced a business man to sign a contract Id be in jail. How are these people not arrested for this 4. How common is this If you are a rich man doctor lawyer do your need a bodyguard 5. What if you are gay and forced to marry a woman What if you are straight and forced to marry a gay man 6. What if you are already married or engaged to someone else Thank you. . [ASK][Serious] Facing an issue registering myself at the Department of Income Tax Website.: I am trying to register myself to download the ITRV at the https//incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in/. I give my PAN First name and Last name and the DOB. The UI simply tells me to try again as the first name and last name are invalid. Did any of you face this bizarre issue Any help Thanks.. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 71: [removed]. Say no to crackers lets celebrate a pollution free Diwali Yuvraj Singh.: [deleted]. Video shows African national thrashed by mob in south Delhi police launch probe: [deleted]. Nigerian Tied To Post Thrashed By Mob In Delhi Nobody Helped. [AskIndia]What are some Indian expressions that you heard which emphasizes how surprised angry and shocked the situation is: I am looking for every language or state that uses their own version of Oh God Oh my gosh etc. From our TN counterparts Ive often heard Aiyyo . For Punjabis Hai Rabba . For Marathi its Aaila Aai Ga. It can be anything which describes wtf or holy shit kind of situation or anything that you always heard from. Your relatives or friends or from anywhere that found it funny. . In Indias Cities Malnourished Children And Obese Adults. Jobs outlook lingers near 12year low. Legal Perspective on Jay Shahs statement against The Wire: A few points on Jay Shahs statement affirming that he will file civil and criminal defamation cases against The Wire. What strikes you about that statement is that Shah does not yet accuse Rohini Singh of having made verifiably false statements. And in civil defamation truth is an absolute defence. A defamatory statement has to be false for there to be liability. What Shah does seem to be accusing Rohini Singh of is innuendo. That is putting together a number of factual claims that taken together gives an impression to the reader that Shah benefited from his fathers political position without actually saying so. Under Civil defamation law you can be liable for innuendo/imputation. But there is also a strong defence called fair comment. Fair comment is a misleading term. The Court is not required to go into an analysis of whether the comment was objectively fair. Rather all the Court is supposed to do is to check whether it was possible to draw the inference from the facts stated. The comment could be exaggerated hyperbolic disproportionate. But its fair comment as long as it has some connection with facts. In recent years courts all over the world have been strengthening the defense of fair comment. [Gautam Bhatia on Twitter]https//twitter.com/gautambhatia88/status/917021061102804992. More than Three posts on Amit Shah SonDouble Standards by Mod Team: [removed]. Doctrine for WhatsApp unkills. IndiaJapan alliances emerging amid IoT revolution. Poetry Blog. Can anyone provide me the context for the violence in this videoWhy arent these covered in the news channels. Can anyone provide me the context for the violence in this video: [deleted]. Political violence is growing. Hence should India support concealed carry or open carry of firearm as self defensive measure: Daily we are reading about political murders. May it be [Gauri Lankesh]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/gaurilankeshmurdercrimescenedatasuggestuseofamultishotpistol/articleshow/60760692.cms or the BJP people dying in [Kerala]http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/rssworkerhackedtodeathrajeshbjpcallsforstrikemanikuttan/1/1014387.html and [Jharkand]http//www.timesnownews.com/india/article/jharkhandbharatiyajanatapartybjpleadermanojnagesiashotdeadmaoist/102757. Elections not yet even started. It is disgusting that these people are not able to protect themselves from armed intruders. Meanwhile dacoits are obtaining illegal guns as easy as candy. If you dont support carry then how shall they protect themselves . Need help in choosing places to see in Himachal/Uttarakhand [Serious]: Guys I am planning for Himachal/Uttarakhand and need help in choosing places that I can see.. Im landing in Amritsar on 20th and returning from Amritsar on 30th.. These are the places that are on my mindof course I cannot see everything want to choose 23 places from this.. Dalhousie/Dharamshala/Shimla/Manali/Mussorie/Kasol/ Any lesser known places that should not be missed Unfortunately I could not get more leaves. Mental Health In India Toss The Taboo. [R] Is there a way to end caste based discrimination: Im from Pakistan but I have read a lot about the concept of castes in Hinduism. Movies like Lagaan did a great job too in raising awareness about it and its damages done to a peaceful society with intention of equality for everyone. Swades which is one of my all time favorite movies did even a better job in this regard as it was highly realistic. While Im well aware that there are countless problems of social injustice in my own country but the caste based discrimination has always been a subject having my utmost interest thus the reason I would liked to discuss it here. Is equal treatment of each other among all the Hindu citizens possible without getting rid of Hinduism as caste system holds an great importance in this religion and the instructions about it are crystal clear too. In my opinion the caste system of Hinduism is nothing but a stigma and a curse for the people of lower castes as they are the ones who suffer most. But removing this from the teachings of Hinduism will mean removing a very important part from Gods book something which would never be allowed by the followers. I mean no disrespect towards anyone and dont intend to hurt sentiments of r/India members. I just would like to know your opinions about that and how this problem can be taken care of. Thanks. Your thoughts on river revitalization please.: r/india what exactly is River Revitalization Theres a lot of noise over RallyForRivers currently. What is your take on the issue Their draft recommendation policy looks a lot like undue bullcrap especially since I did not see much about reducing pollution in there. Your thoughts Link to the draft proposal https//cdn.isha.ws/public/docs/pdir/RFRRevitalizationOfRiversInIndiaWeb.pdf. Mobile No. to be deactivated for the lack of Aadhar: Today I got a message that your number is being deactivated because you havent linked your number to Aadhar. Seeing all the little outrage on twitter etc I was shocked. People there esp lawyers are saying that SC has not made it mandatory. I initially got scared because that number is bloody everywhere. But then I decided to check what the companies have to say. And lo and fucking behold they all have written this on their websites. [Idea]https//www.ideacellular.com/customercare/regulatory/reverification gtHonble Supreme Court stated an effective process has been evolved to ensure identity verification as well as the addresses of all mobile phone subscribers for new subscribers. In the near future and more particularly within one year from today a similar verification will be completed in case of existing subscribers. gtBased on above mentioned details of order the Department of Telecommunication DoT has issued instructions to all operators to verify all existing mobile subscribers Prepaid amp Postpaid through Aadhaar based EKYC process on or before 06.02.2018. [Airtel]https//www.airtel.in/linkaadhaarmobile gtAs per the government directive linking Aadhaar to your mobile number is mandatory for all existing customer. gtIn case you dont complete the process before Feb 2018 services on your mobile will be disconnected as per the directive from Government of India. Now whatever the situation may be. Whatever the SC has said or not said they have made it fucking clear that it is Reverify or GTFO. I also cant understand why they are so adamant on disconnecting my number so early. Since it is necessary I think Ill port it to Airtel and then reverify. If idea wants me to go Ill go. . Job Opportunities in India to Grow in next 6 months. You are IITians I was a Teaian when I was young I sold tea. On this day a few years ago I took oath as CM for the first time. Till then I had never even been an MLA. I had decided that whatever I will do I will do to the best of my abilities PM narendramodi. Should I go for education agency or apply online to colleges for masters in Australia. Should I go for education agency or apply online to colleges for masters in Australia: [removed]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 70: [removed]. [Showerthought] As a commoner in India dealing with people in power is less intimidating than with their chamchas. Lotus Temple Delhi: [deleted]. Gurmehar Kaur Threatening Teens Over Her Meme Reeks Of Her Hypocrisy On Free Speech [NP]. [R]Why should our personal political affiliations stop us against retaliating and protesting: Twitter is literally filled with people who ask confusing questions like Where were these libtards and journos when Kashmiri Pandits were being expelled from Kashmir or where were they when a certain journo was lynched in Kerala. I do believe that we have to protest against ANYTHING WHICH CURBS DEMOCRACY be it lynching of a journalist who can be anyone a leftist proright liberal gay transgender or ideally speaking ANYONE WHO DOESNT DESERVE TO DIE SHOULD NOT DIE and we have to protest if this happens. Why should we coat everyone with a faction Is it of such an importance that an opinion is overlooked by who said it and what political affiliation he has I personally believe DeMo is a failure MY PERSONAL OPINION. Why does that make me antigovernment I voted for LoksattaJPN in my constituency he lost by a bigger margin than I thought and the elected BJP dude is doing some good work and I am happy with him but that should not make me a progovernment because there are other things in which BJP is not doing good at all. As a citizen of India I am allowed to mouth my opinion without being called names and this is exactly whats missing in our society. Sorry for the rant had to get this out.. India Blockchain Week attracts over 500 technologists. [R] Confession: I dont know how appropriate this is but I just want to talk to someone. I am a 34 year old man and I have erectile dysfunction. I have never been married because of this. I have moved away from people in my life because I have become so bitter. Everyday its hard for me to wake up and not kill myself. Theres no purpose in my life. No kids. No wife. No love. Nothing to live for. Its extremely alone and it eats me everyday. I cry myself to sleep every night. I dont know I just dont want to kill myself but everyday theres less and less reason not to. I dont know what to do. Its all just so empty alone and dark.. THE CLASS OF 2018 Six things we learned after six months in a Delhi government school. Where can we download the updated GST RFD 11 form: CBEC has released two new notifications for exporters on 4th October [Notification No. 37/2017 Central Tax]http//www.cbec.gov.in/resources//htdocscbec/gst/notfctn37centraltaxenglish.pdf [Clarification on issues related to furnishing of Bond/Letter of Undertaking for exports]http//www.cbec.gov.in/resources//htdocscbec/gst/FinalMastercircularLUTBond04102017.pdf Where can we download the updated GST RFD 11 form. Power cuts back in subu[r]bs Thane Navi Mumbai. Freelancers / IT Services providers how are you handling your GST for foreign clients [R]: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 68: [removed]. TIL of the Nellie Massacre in Assam of 1983 which resulted in the loss of lives of 2191 people in a sixhour period. This was against descendants of East Bengal Muslims whose ancestors had relocated in prepartition British India. The official report on the Nellie massacre is still classified.: Link to the Wiki page https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nelliemassacre A feature from The Hindu http//www.thehindu.com/features/magazine/baradwajranganonwhatthefieldsremember/article7641365.ecehomepagetrue Submitted Again because of TIL violation the first time.. TIL of the Nellie Massacre in Assam 18 Feb 1983 which resulted in the loss of lives of 2191 people in a sixhour period. This pogrom was against descendants of East Bengal rooted Muslims whose ancestors had relocated in prepartition British India who had included in the electoral rolls in Assam.: [deleted]. I got a paid internshipdoes it count as work experience after completion : Hi I got an internship that pays 15000 per month in software development.Does it count as job experience after completion.I completed my b tech in 2016.So I am not hired as every body says we need experience so I tried this.Will it be helpful for me.It is 3 months duration.. Phanka Mai Tanka . India Does Not Need Boots on Afghan Ground. Diwali Gift Packs Ideas for Diwali Gifts. Please help. Electricity bill of over 15000 since the past 67 months. Have tried everything: Since the past 67 months I have been getting constant bills of over 1015k by reliance. This is far too much. I live in a 2 bhk apartment in Mumbai. For most of the day no ones at home. The only appliances we use is a refrigerator washing machine 30 minutes of TV max and 23 hours of 2 ACs I have tried everything complained to Reliance made them change the meter made sure all the appliances are directly switched off when not in use. Even after all that this months bill is 17.5k Thats more than what some people earn in a month... Any help would be appreciated. Has India Seen Progress on Gender Equality Male and Female Lawmakers Have Different Opinions. A friends father is critically sick. In what ways can I be there for them: My girlfriends father is very sick and there has been no respite from the past 3 weeks. I am not sure what is the best that I can do. I hate the fact that she has to go through such a terrible time period and I hate myself even more for not being able to do much about it. Any advice shall help.. Hindu man laid to rest with Muslim rites Times of India. Do we have an indian /r/youshouldknow: If not why not. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 68: [removed]. When is Maha Shivaratri 2018 in Varanasi: Hello we are considering trip to India in February 2018. I am interested in visiting Varanasi and I found out there is usually Maha Shivaratri festival during February. I tried to find exact date for Maha Shivaratri 2018 but there is different date on each website http//www.whenis.com/mahashivaratri2018.asp 13 Feb http//www.drikpanchang.com/festivals/mahashivaratri/mahashivaratridatetime.html 14 Feb https//www.calendardate.com/inmahashivaratri.htm 24 Feb Can you help confused foreigner please Thank you. [AskIndia] What little things can semiurban and urban municipal bodies do / implement that [R]equire marginal effort but the effect / payoff is exponential. Indias PET bottle recycling market worth US 35 billion. Are you freaking kidding me. For Swachh India focus on solid waste management. [R] Dalit teen stabbed for sporting moustache third attack in a week in Gujarat village. Apology. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 66: [removed]. Randians who have ever worked for a social cause what have your experiences been like: Experiences as part of an NGO or as a CSR activity or whatever. Do you think it really helped the cause you were working for What couldve been done better Finally which organisations do you think are doing really great work P.S. first post here please dont murder me in the comments. Guide/Plan required for Class 3 student with ADHD. Im the cousin vying for a longterm academic plan.: Inspired by [this]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/73yfoe/serious9thclasscbsestudentfacingchallenge/refshareamprefsourcelink post by u/lifemoments My cousin in Class 3 has ADHD. Not very severe. But enough that he just cannot sit down and concentrate on his homework. He just gets by in his exams. Its difficult to hold a conversation with him for more than 2 sentences. Keeping this in mind and that his parents would like him to study abroad after 12th what should his study pattern be like. Anything that may help over the longterm course of his academic life. Any habits that his parents may want to inculcate or any resources they may want to follow. Or anything they themselves should adopt. His dads a doctor but intransigent with regard to studies. He believes one day after some medication the child will get up and learn everything and ... Open to any ideas from anybody who knows what theyre talking about. I should say I have been tasked by the mother to help Im not interfering. Ill pick up ideas from the other post as well. Feel free to link them here. . How can I salvage my university degree Help a brother out: Hi Im a third year student in bsc economics/finance. My course has quite a bit of higher level math and econometrics in it so I have started learning R and python. Heres the thing I have been in depression for a while now there might be a post about this later and Im trying to get out and get my shit together. Due to this my marks in previous years are basically shit. The only play I have is to ace my exams this year but unfortunately according yo my calculations that wont push my grades high enough to get a first class honors and hence apply for a good masters. Best case scenario I get a second upper. So I need to build a skillset that enables me to a get a job and/or b show interest in research do some projects and apply for masters programs Unfortunately I know jack shit about what kind of jobs would be available or what skillset is required analytics/ data science/ or anything else to be honest. If someone is willing to spend 5 minutes extra heres a look at my course http//www.londoninternational.ac.uk/courses/undergraduate/lse/bsceconomicsfinancestructure. My electives are mathematical economics and further mathematics for economists. I have around 6 months left and Im willing to give every single minute I spend awake to be able to salvage this. Im already graduating late never failed just started late and Im not patient enough to go for a 2 year indian masters. Im not saying I wont Im saying that thats my last option. . The Crooked Public Schools Road. [Serious] 9th class CBSE student facing challenge with Maths Physics basically numericals. What are her options Do you suggest Byjus : Besides school she has opted for additional home tutions for science and maths. ampnbsp If anyone has experience hows Byjus ampnbsp Edit Adding following details as someone suggested. Can you provide more details why she is afraid of maths Is it just fear gt She had challenge with maths in the past 7th 8th std. Shes kind of .. rote learner. And thats why her marks in language and similar subjects were always good. The fear if it is has been possibly set by parents who are not very educated. Has she not completed chapters How are her English Comprehension skills gt Shes quite laborious and has good English comprehension skills. ampnbsp Collected so far Shell visit Khan Academy link and try to view the clips for the topics she has challenges Practice each and every question of the book with full steps. No shortcuts. Parents will connect with school teachers to help her strength the concepts. Assess the home tutor capabilities. ampnbsp Many thanks to all of you for taking out time to give valuable suggestions. . [R] What should i get from Germany: A friend is coming from Germany what should I get from him. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 66: [removed]. UAE cancer patient I bought drugs in India for a quarter of the cost and brought them home. Recent Travels to India A foreigners story: EDIT I realise this post has generated a heated debate on GDP resources etc. While this may be somewhat relevant I was focussing on issues to do with attitude. Also an apology regarding the point on the stampede. As some people pointed out I was wrong and did not have my facts correct. I apologise unreservedly. A person suggested I am simply doing this for reddit points. This could not be further from the truth. My intention was simply to highlight the issues I observed. Original Post I recently travelled to India and Thailand and I would like to share my experiences with this sub. My reason for making this post is that I find myself getting increasingly frustrated about India. I am an Indian by ethnicity but I was born and brought up in an African country and am a third generation Indian there. Apologies for the long post but I need to get this out. My post is focussed on key area attitude. 1. Airports immigration and customs. Thailand Smooth arrival although I had to fill in a Health declaration form. A nice warm smile from immigration staff and no additional questions. India More or less smooth arrival until the point where I got to the immigration desks this was at Mumbai airport. Being a holder of an OCI card I presented my passport OCI card and yellow fever vaccination certificate. After going through the documents the agent insisted on production of the passport where my OCI visa was attached this was a previous requirement which has since been scrapped and in fact at the time I applied for my OCI I did not get the sticker attached to my passport. I challenged the agent on this and he simply said okay no problem stamped me and let me go. Why trouble me with useless questions if you are going to accept the law eventually I give the immigration department a Zero for their attitude towards foreigners. 2. Straight out of immigration I proceeded to get a SIM card. Thailand Very many booths and kiosks of various mobile phone companies and lots of people calling you to their booth. I was called by a lady who asked me how long I was there and matched me to a favourable package. She took my passport scanned it on her SIM card vending machine took my credit card charged it retrieved the SIM card from the machine took my phone inserted the SIM inserted internet settings and gave me a working connection. Heres the interesting part. All of the above took 60 seconds. 60 seconds and I was connected and ready to go. 60 seconds and I am not exaggerating this. India Dear oh dear where do I begin. I was aware of some BSNL scheme for tourist SIM cards though I did not see a counter and the policeman I asked was least bothered or simply did not know. As I walked out from customs I saw an Airtel stall. I approached waited for 5 minutes for the guy to finish his personal phone conversation and explained to him what I needed. His response was Abhi system down hai baad mein aana padega. I left it and went to a Vodafone store later in the day to get a SIM card. they took a total of 50 minutes to take down all my details fill out complex forms luckily I have some family there to give a local address asked me twice about Aadhar Verification despite knowing I am not an Indian citizen or resident and finally told me to go with the SIM card and it will be active in 2 24 hours. Now my trip was for 4 days and the SIM card did not work for the first 2 I travelled out of state on day 1 and back on day 2 evening so there was not much I could do. I called the store repeatedly and on day 3 had to go back and ask them to refund my money and then it was finally activated 2 hours after my visit. 2 days wasted out of 4. After all this trouble the internet bundle that was supposed to load onto the SIM did not. I called Vodafone customer service who promised to resolve in 48 hours. I had to end up biting the bullet and buying another bundle just so that I had internet access. In this whole process I dealt with over 10 Indian people and virtually all of them get a zero for attitude. 3. After passing the SIM card stalls in both airports I proceeded to get a taxi. Thailand Automated machines which dispense a ticket which shows the parking bay you are supposed to go to. The rate is indicated very clearly. THB 50 airport fees plus whatever is on the meter. India Good signposting leads you to the lower level where you can book a prepaid taxi. The first counter I went to quoted me INR 1400 for a taxi to the area I was going to. Being familiar with how much a taxi is supposed to cost It used to be INR 300 on the meter plus INR 80 airport fees I challenged this person. He pulled out a rate card where the rate to my area was indicated as INR 1100. I left his stall and walked around the concourse thinking about my next course of action. I asked the same fellow how to leave the concourse and he pointed to the doors and told me that I would not be able to return back in to book a taxi if I left. I decided to ask at a counter that was about 50 meters away from the first counter and managed to secure a taxi for INR 500. Again. Zero for attitude of the first person and a zero for the overall policy of having a prepaid taxi. It is a way to fleece travellers and it certainly pissed a lot of people off while I was trying to get a cab. 4. Taxi ride Both rides were okay and I got to my destination without any issues. The consistent honking in India was really annoying. Traffic in both cities was quite bad and the journeys took longer than expected. 5. Attitude of people Thailand every person I met knew immediately that I was a foreigner. Every single person made it a point to make my life easier and my travels pleasant. The only place I encountered people trying to fleece me was at the Leaning Buddha in Bangkok. I had read about this and it was exactly what I experienced with some people trying to entice me into boat rides by telling me an attraction I was headed to was closed. It was not aggressive and something that I realised people take advantage of when given the opportunity. All the taxi drivers were very friendly and gave me good advice about attractions etc. The BTS sky train was excellent in terms of service and despite being crowded there was no pushing and shoving and people were extremely considerate about letting passenger out before going in. India Generally taxi drivers are very nice and will take you the best possible route. Met some very friendly and talkative characters who really lightened my mood. Peeing on the streets spitting randomly littering and a lack of cohesion the honking comes to mind were some of the things that really put a damper on my experience. Trains in Mumbai are absolutely filthy and God help you if you need to get on or alight at one of the busy stations. The stampede today at Elphinstone really pushed me to write this post as I had used that very bridge just 3 days back. Yes I understand infrastructure is a problem but the attitude of people really comes into play here. If you are will to tread on fellow human beings just to avoid getting wet in rain there is a serious problem with humanity. People are generally very optimistic about the infrastructure developments being brought about by the Modi government however very few are actually living up to the challenge and doing their part in ensuring that at the very minimum use the existing facilities properly. News of damage done on brand new trains people writing Jet Airways sucks on plane seats damaging litter bins provided for cleanliness etc are all things that really disturbed me. 6. Toilet Facilities Thailand Excellent. Public toilets were extremely clean and well maintained. Coincidentally or not the one hotel where I found toilet facilities were good but dirty pee on the floors etc was a hotel which had a large Indian group staying there. I think this was not just a coincidence. India Uugh. Pathetic. It started with my flight from Bangkok to Mumbai and by the end of the flight the corridors of the plane were reeking of piss. Airport toilets which are made to a very high standard were dirty. And this is where I felt that no matter what the government does the people are simply too far into their dont care attitudes to do anything considerate for their fellow citizens. The urinals in the airport are designed in a way that it is impossible to pee outside. The only way this would happen is if you were actively and consciously making an effort to ensure that you peed outside the urinal. I was shocked at how ridiculous this was. Public toilets in India are a no go zone. 7. Attitude of people part 2 Thailand My internal flights within this country consisted of pleasant peaceful journeys. India My flight from Thailand to India consisted of almost 90 local Indians. I took pity on the Stewards and Stewardesses who had to keep a smile on their faces while walking up an down the plane 50 times through the flight attending to consistent calls all the while being eyed by men each time they passed. There was a call beep every 30 seconds. It was by far the most horrible flight I had been on and this was through no fault of the carrier. As mentioned earlier the toilets on the plane were a no go zone towards the end of a 4 hour flight. Every person on the flight kept on requesting a drink or a snack. When we were finally landing no one bothered to fasten seatbelts straighten seats etc despite repeated announcements and only did so when the Stewards specifically asked them to. It was similar for the two domestic flights that I took. I could keep on writing about this but I feel I have made my point. I love the culture and getting hot food on the road sides but this time I was simply fed up by the lack of willingness to appreciate each other. I will definitely think long and hard before booking my next ticket to India. . I dont want to pay taxes yet. What should i do : I recently joined an IT company. I wasted around 7 months preparing for Gov exams. I cleared quite a few preliminary and Mains of GradeB exams. The worst of them all was when i missed General Category cut off by 0.5 yet some other kind of people got in with much lower marks. No i dont bear any hatred towards them its Gov policy and i accept it. Yet as for our government they are pretty much the same. They have constantly failed to provide us pretty much with anything. The last gov barely did a thing this one is just rolling one shitty reform after another without much study or reasoning. Rn i am earing under 10LPA and probably wont be breaking the barrier anytime soon. There are enough corrupt assholes who are evading taxes im just asking ways to evade till i cross 10LPA line. The Finance Minister said we should be ready to pay for services well i believe i have already paid enough for gov services i am enjoying. Edit The only reason i brought up the exam part was to highlight that even after several years of actually accepting that some people were discriminated they havent actively done shit about it. The only time they remember them is during elections with manifesto to ensure their seats are preserved. . Mountains of garbage and despair in Indias dirtiest city. India ranks highest in death from heart attacks. 4corners on Twitter You can watch the full Adani program on our website now.. [R] As a foreigneer what are the things I get after a good GATE score in engineering: I kept on searching but could not find any concrete value for a foreigneer . Please report these pages on facebook and make India suck a little Less.: [removed]. Indian Medical Associations Goa unit docs resort to token hunger strike for their demands. Of Indias 34 lakh gun licences 13 lakh in Uttar Pradesh shows Ministry of Home Affairs data. Whats the best car for a budget of around 50 lakhs in India: All the cars are way too expensive in India for what its worth in actual. My final choice was between Evoque pure and BMW 3 Gt 320d Sport. But Evoque pure has way less features than 3 GT sport and Evoque full option is way too expensive for me. Or Is there any other car which is actually worth 50 lakhs in India Im a single 25 year old guy not planning to married or even get a girlfriend anytime soon so all the family and kids considerations are not needed. Car will be used to drive around in South Indian roads mainly Kerala going on long trips on off days with a max for 3 friends. Driving pleasure is the most needed quality. Jokes Memes and usual randia shitposting is welcomed but dont say things like you will buy 5 cars for this money or try to deter me from buying a luxury car. Its not papas money or loan or anything like that its my own money way above 1.6 lpm crowd btw. I absolutely want to own a luxury car before Im dead. This is an alt account I use so honestly not trolling. Thanks. EDIT My replies to the comments are not showing up. I think Im shadowbanned for no reason. WTF. Young India Weekly Newspaper started amp Edited by Mahatma Gandhi in 1919. [R]andians I need some help what are the documents which I must expect from a bike dealer when buying a new bike: While buying a new motorcycle in India what documentation should I ensure that the dealer provides Do the dealer provide general tool kit as well or we have to buy tit from outside.. The Anatomy of a Stampede Citizen vs. Citizen. [R] My cousin went schizophrenic due to Marijuana: Im writing this here because I feel the need to share this. Im still in school my cousin brother is elder to me and studied in IIT. We were happy when he got into the premier institute. I am very close to him and Ive always looked up to him. He was always the one to look up to. My parents would tell me to be like him. And I always wanted to be. In his 2nd year during his engineering he started doing marijuana. He told me that he started drinking and doing marijuana for social purpose. He also explained to me that its okay and it doesnt harm the body in any way. It just gives a high and feels good. But we have mental disorders in our family my great grandmother hanged herself when she went mad. My grandmother has also started to lose her mind and acts strange. She faces extreme paranoia. My cousin also started acting weird after his 3rd semester. During the winter break he told me that there we some people in his college who were trying to kill him He went into extreme detail as to how he felt he was being followed. I didnt think much about it then in retrospect I should have told someone about this. During his 4th semester he continued using weed. One day he got a very bad trip. He got extremely paranoid that someone was trying to kill him he was trying to run away and got into an accident. He got admitted in a hospital. The doctors found marijuana and suspected schizophrenia. He told us that he was hearing voices that said that theyll kill you if you stay youre stupid to stay here. He was acting weird saying that our great grandmother spoke to him that he should hang himself. He was having suicidal thoughts. The doctors diagnosed him with schizophrenia. The reason I am sharing this story here is because my cousin was telling me about how everyone in college chills like this doing weed. I am sad to find out that people say that marijuana is harmless but it is what catalyzed the schizophrenia in my brother gave rise to paranoia. Weed is not harmless it has destroyed our family. I was enrolled in IIT coaching but my parents now want me to join a local college. They are scared that Ill end up like my brother because of social pressure.. My cousin went schizophrenic due to Marijuana: [removed]. No means no There are no grey areas. [R] Dalit visiting garba killed in Gujarat 8 Patel youths arrested. RampJ About You. Coral sky and blooming turf INDvsAUS at Nagpur. Redditors are extremely lax on the British caused famine in Bengal and venerate the person who made the situation far worse while blaming India for it.. CAs of /r/india what kind of GST return do I file before I receive a foreign currency payment: I am working for a foreign client who will pay me in foreign currency. I worked some in August as well as September. I recently got my GST and now getting a bank account. My payments wont be processed before the 10th of October which is till when I have to file returns for JulyAugustSeptember but GST only allows amounts in INR. How do I file GSTR1 when I dont know what conversion rate my bank will finally apply. Introducing GINNI MAHI Dalit Pride Singer from Punjab.:  We have been inundated with depressing news about Dalit oppression from across India for years now. However while in many places Dalits are suffering in some they are carving out their unique identity. One of these places is Punjab. While Punjab has had a history of rebellion of socalled dominated classes against the ruling class the unique confluence of Sikhism thus a society not dominated by Brahmins a frontier mentality and the natural bravado of Punjabi culture has created a new kind of Dalit. I invite you to look at this video Ill add others in a while as an example of Dalit assertion in Punjab. https//youtu.be/zoRqP50RYpM. Drunk man gets nearly run over by Tablo during dussehra celebrations at Coorrg. No Durga idol immersion today despite Calcutta High Court nod. Czech Republic eyes 1 lakh Indian tourists by 2020. Encouraging Vedic studies in India. [Serious] Aadhar for social network: Considering the amount of fake amp disputable articles and fake profiles do you think a social network with Aadhar could work. Hindu fundamentalists vs. Hinduism Column. Lord Ram in Court Gaurav Tripathi UnErase Poetry. Photo of female INA volunteer and a signed pledge of loyalty to the INA both from Singapore in the 1940s.. Indias National Internet Registry was hacked and data put up for sale on public Darknet forum. Pornhub Insights for 2017 reveal just what Indian men and women are searching for on. On an average 10 people die on Mumbai Suburban Railway everyday. Disaster Management Preparedness: So I have a 17 year old son who travels from Thane to Mumbai using local transport.Given yesterdays tragic event I am worried about him. For the past 30 odd years my spirit as a Mumbaikar has been thoroughly tested and Im in no mood that my son go through this test. While the officials play the blame game I cant rely on them during a disaster although every month I pay a huge chunk of my hard earned money as tax. Its a given that he will be going out enjoying the best days of his life I ask you to help me make a disaster management plan for the torrential rain terror attack stampede snakes on the plane and everything between. How best can we and our loved ones be equipped to handle a lifethreatening situation What red flags should he be aware of before a situation turns disastrous As a teenagers parent Im acutely aware of alternative facts being told at home this hinders the flow of an honest conversation between a parent and the child. This further increases the risk factor. Hence Id like to have this plan in place before anything happens. . Veteran Padma shri actor Director Tom Alter aged 67 dies of skin cancer [R]. Ask r/India What according to you is Modis real agenda [R]: Is it development Is it making money Is it power Is it establishing a Hindu order All of this With many corrupt politicians of past it was easy to read that they were in power to make money for themselves and their friends/family. But it is difficult to conclude on the motives when it comes to Modi. What do YOU think is his agenda. [OC] Pangong Lake Leh. Stayed near Pangong Lake when I visited Leh in 2013. This was the view I woke up to.. Crushed What happened at Mumbais Elphinstone Road railway station. [R] Name for GoT theme based game: Hi We are organising a simple Who am I game wherein members are divided in 5 teams houses. Each team has to guess the correct answer based on clues provided. We are considering using GoT graphics and house names for it. Can anyone suggest a creative name for this Note Posting here as this post was deleted from GoT sub. Also I havent seen GoT so cant come up with any name myself.. [Suggest] Name of GoT theme based game: [removed]. [R] PSA Hotstars 1 year subscription is now 696.: Hold your shitty app comments. They just overhauled their app on firesticks and it has so many options now. Maybe other platform will follow suit. . [R] Trigger alert. A dream for Kashmir.: I have been working on a sensitive project involving the tracking of terrorist and separatist groups in Kashmir on social media and after closely tracking these groups I have been sort of waken up from my slumber. Now I dont understand Urdu or Dogra which are the languages of most of the content on social media but from what I gather the mood in the valley towards India has turned sour. And how Before people call me out for being a Pakistani stooge or an antinational spreading vile propaganda let me say that there has been a democratically elected Member of Legislative Assembly one ER Rasheed who won by a huge margin in 2015 after squeaking through by just 210 votes in 2010 when antiIndia sentiment was much lower Look him up. These people come from ordinary walks of life there are farmers teachers gym instructors but mostly the unemployed youth who harbour such sentiments. Watching images of pellet gun victims and imprisoning separatists does not really make the problem go away. And in this repressive environment our media has been keeping quiet and is under public pressure to toe the government line. While there may be various reasons for this in my mind the fundamental reason is that the present day government continues to refuse to acknowledge the existence of a fundamental problem. By claiming that Kashmir is an integral part of India we are clinging on to a fantasy that has not been true for the past 70 years. The government has only been letting this problem fester with its denial instead of actually dealing with it. I think its time to stop playing this charade and try and deal with this problem. But how do we fix it Lets face it. The best case scenario is that Kashmir remains a part of India and a full fledged part of India. That MAY be possible. But for that risks have to be taken. For those who dont know. After the 1947 war India and Pakistan promised the UN that it will hold a plebiscite in Kashmir but that plebiscite was never held since each party did not want to risk losing their hard won portions. So how do we solve this problem once it for all and at the same time secure national interest. I have a sort of plan which may be a huge gamble so I want you guys to tell me what you think. Step 1 Agreeing that there is a problem. AFSPA has to go. The separatists be it Hurriyat or whichever side which doesnt use violence have to be spoken to. Channels of communication must open and the government must indicate that it is willing to solve the issue. A plebiscite must be held so as to separate Jammu Kashmir and Ladakh. The Hindus in Jammu must be assured that they can remain a part of India and the Buddists of Ladakh sould also be reassured. Kashmir as a region may be separated for this purpose. There may be a local plebiscite divided by constituency/region where the people can be asked to vote if they unequivocally want to be part of India or otherwise. Any territory which votes to stay in India must be out of ambit of Article 370 Henceforth Indian Kashmir will be referred to as IK Step 2 Diplomatic talks with PoK To build unified Kashmir Government. The government has to make it VERY clear that negotiations are not going to be onesided. Any talk of solving the Kashmir problem necessarily involves talking to PoK. We must demand diplomatic access to PoK government and grant diplomatic access to IK government and separatists in return. We can keep one representative of the Indian government whenever the IK separatists/IK govt and Pak Govt speak and vice versa to ensure that all talks are in good faith. Borders within Kashmir must be loosened although not abandoned at this stage Fresh elections can be held for this purpose on both sides of the border and supervised by the UN I have full faith of the EC but of course you know how Pakistanis can be which reflect the will of the people on both sides to elect their representatives. Steps 3 Vote all across Kashmir for the Unified Government Once there is broad agreement to set up a unified government of Kashmir then there can a vote for the representatives of a unified Kashmir which can then negotiate with both India and Pakistan. This Kashmir can exist in a unique flux. Where its people are Indians/Pakistanis and Kashmiris at the same time. An internal blacklist can be circulated between Pak and Indian governments preventing certain individuals from entering the Indian side like notorious provocative terrorists and vice versa. Local security will be handed over to Kashmiris aside from internal Kashmir border where a small outpost will exist to ensure blacklisted individuals do not enter. Eastern frontier will continue to be patrolled by Indian army. Border checks will be introduced at this stage where Indians will be able to go to Kashmir Pakistanis will be able to go to Kashmir and Kashmiris will be able to go to both India and Pakistan. But Indians and Pakistanis may not be able to go to each others countries. Kashmir as a whole will exist in the form of a Special Administrative Region with nominal sovreignty of IK with India and PoK with Pakistan. Indian army will still patrol eastern frontiers with China and Indian currency will still be used with Pakistani currency on their side. It will be the only place where Indians and Pakistanis can probably meet in their own backyard. Taxation powers is something that I have not thought through yet. But I think its best that India continue to lavishly fund the Kashmir govt and act as the good guy here. Step 4 Plebiscite Finally once Kashmiris from both sides live together for a few years say 5 as a Special Administrative region they can finally have their plebiscite. At this juncture their options would be 1. Independance 2. India and 3. Pakistan. The top two then have a runoff vote so that its not first past the post system where the majority will always be unhappy Now that I have typed up to this stage I think it would be wise to retain Jammu in the mix Share your thoughts. The plebiscite finally brings an end to the drama. The Indian government must make it clear that independence would cost the Kashmiris free access to the Indian labour market and lavish funding from the center something that they would have been hopefully used to over the past 5 years Step 5 Conclusion Demands from Pakistan For those who have had the patience to read till now. You must be thinking why does this idiots plan require only India to compromise and not Pakistan. Well there are some reasonable demands which we can put forth to Pakistan before the formation of the unified Kashmir government 1. COMPLETE DENUCLEARISATION. We demand that they disarm completely. Since the entire reason they even developed nukes was to fight us. And the biggest and probably only bone to pick was Kashmir. In return we promise to not deploy Nukes within 20003000 km from our western frontier leaving Nukes only for China with the exception that we can still deploy during war. UN supervised of course. If necessary we can also reduce number of warheads so as to only cover all major cities in Chinese mainland in case of retaliatory strike. 2. Foreign investment and trade This is kind of mutual but it will help India more than Pakistan Access to their market both in terms of goods and as well as investments. 3. Aksai Chin and TransKarakoram Pact Pakistan/Unified Kashmir must ask for the return of the Trans Karakoram pact from China and demand China return Aksai Chin as well. Although this is not something that will move the dragon diplomatic support on the issue even though its from Pakistan would help. Anything else you think we can demand from Pakistan Love to hear your thoughts on this. . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 65: [removed]. [R] The Hypocrisy of an Average Hindu Family: [deleted]. Giveaway Amazon code use it asap [R]. Story of this girl will shock and motivate you at the same time. Just received this on whatsapp... Can someone verify or respond The discussion was around restaurant bills.: Before GST was brought in there were a number of taxes in your restaurant bill. Service Tax VAT Krishi Kalyan Cess and Swachh Bharat Cess were levied. A total tax of around 20.5 on you restaurant outing was applicable under the VAT regime. With the introduction of GST the prices of many basic amenities including but not limited to milk bread pulses rice unpacked food grains gur eggs and salt has come down. These things are amongst the most important for survival One more thing people are spreading rumours against the govt that there is GST of 28 in restaurant which is incorrect. What are the GST rates to restaurants For nonAC/nonalcohol serving hotels it is 12 For AC/alcoholserving hotels it is 18 For luxurious or 5star hotels it is 28 . Blog PM Modi Will I Lose My Job By Ravish Kumar. Indias Biggest Movie Stars Being Probed for Economic Offenses. Unemployed. Please advise. Suicidal.: Im almost 30 yrs old with 7 yrs of professional experience. I resigned from my last company in first week of September because it was a pathetic work environment with not much to do. Im from a technical domain and not many jobs are coming up which might suit my experience. Those that are coming are demanding so much hands on experience which I dont have. To not waste time I did my ITIL foundation and PRINCE2 foundation and practitioner certifications so that I can change my domain to go into management domain. I keep submitting my management related CV to companies but I havent gotten a response yet. What to do now Any post graduate programmes that can help me now I seriously want to get out of this technical domain. I am single and no backing. No one is helping me. Can someone suggest me what to do Please dont suggest me NGO work... that will not satisfy my job gap or pay me. I had kept a target of 1 month. Which is ending tomorrow. After that Ill probably kill myself.. What do you think about this petition on Change.org: I just found this petition on change.org https//www.change.org/p/honourablechiefjusticeofindiabringindianpoliticalpartiesunderthescopeofrti Come to think of it it really does make sense. Why doesnt the Indian Government enforce RTI of political funding Lots of good points in the petition too would really appreciate all your thoughts on it.. [R] Do any of you own Sony DSLRs: If yes why do you prefer them over the biggies like Canon and Nikon Ive been thinking about buying a Sony DSLR and cannot make my choice. My budget is around 40k. . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 64: [removed]. [NP] Now pay ICICIs credit card bill with UPI.: ICICI has added UPI as one of the payment option for Credit card bills. VPA will be ccpayxxxxicici where xxxx is 16 digit Credit card number For AMEX prefix 0 with 15 digit card number. Source/Disclaimer This information is from ICICIs newsletter email. They havent updated their website AFAIK. Also I tried doing a small payment but both PhonePe and iMobile apps didnt recognize the VPA. I guess they arent ready yet. But it will be great way to pay in emergency. . This girl is against the whole country that says Men are prioritised. 1.6 LPM People Of [R]andia How did you reach that mark: I think a question format would be better. Feel free to skip any if you wish. Details would be really appreciated in some questions. 1. How did you reach here What did you do For eg if CS jobsplease elaborate how can an average guy reach that point in 234 years. 2. The difficulties you faced in your journey and time it took to get there. 3. Do the desires needs greed increases further or at some point one get financially comfortable 4. Current avenues which have great potential for quality jobs and high growth according to you. 5. Any other information or advice you would like to give. Thank you.. [R]ELI5 How can my online bank account get hacked and what can I do to protect it: I want to learn ways to protect my bank account considering there have been numerous threads recently on /r/india claiming that their social media identity/credit card/debit card/online bank account got hacked.. Mamata Banerjee gifts Rs 22 crore Ramzan special food package for Muslims[OLD June 8 2016]. 10 lakh Muslim families in Andhra to receive Ramzan gift [OLD Jun 15 2016]. Chandrababu Naidus first iftar out of Hyderabad[OLD Jul 13 2014]. KCR announces Rs. 26 cr. for Ramzan celebrations [OLD July 03 2015 ]. Please suggest an app[R]opriate Health Insurance plan for aging parents [Ask]: Dad recently retired 60 years no medical conditions. Mom 55 years has diabetes hypertension high cholesterol. Looking for a suitable health insurance plan for them. Any suggestions Also open to getting a family insurance plan please suggest. Do the insurance plan cover all medical illnesses . [R] Jet Airways prints passengers Aadhar details on boarding pass. Loan Waiver Scheme for Christian converts [OLD June 10 2010]. Christians on pilgrimage to Jerusalem to get State aid [OLD December 20 2011]. Swarajya For Hindu Temples[OLD Jun 18 2015]. Spotted At A Cafe In Goa. Lata Mangeshkar turns 88 The nightingale with 25000 songs in over seven decades is a gift that keeps giving. Rangilo Maro Dholna Arbaaz Khan Malaika Arora Music Video Pyar Ke Geet. For former President Pranab da Durga Puja has always been about Homecoming. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 63: [removed]. TIL of Roop Kanwar an 18yearold widow who was forced to undergo Sati by her village. No one came forward to testify and everyone in the village and around it swore that it was voluntary. Even the state govt supported it by not taking any action against the perpetrators.. [R] Indian Army foils infiltration bid by Pakistans BAT along LoC in Jammu and Kashmir. [Serious]What could the govt do within this year to mitigate what has been a disaster for our nations economy.: Basically what he heading says.Is there anything that could actually be done by the govt. Is this the time for bold reforms and will the govt actually do it or prefer politically preferable stopgap solutions and put PR on overdrive. . [R]andians please help me to choose a Camera to buy for my brother: My fellow randians Need some help in buying a Camera as a gift to my brother and i dont a know a thing about Cameras/DSLRs. What will be a good camera to buy for a person for a beginner Should i look into some particluar DSLRs I would be grateful for any particular links you can share/any pointers/suggestions please . 200YearOld Traditions Says Tamil Nadu On BareChested Girls At Temples Everylifecounts.NDTV.com. [Serious] Any of you in airconditioning business: I was reading about China residential AC maket and apparantly they make 80 million ACs per year almost half of it for export. In India it seems to be 4 million per year. Expected growth rate in India . India needs to be further divided into smaller nations.: Got this idea after watching [Corporate consolidation John Oliver.]https//www.youtube.com/watchv00wQYmvfhn4 We are one HUGE nation with most of the country still decades behind the metros in terms of progress and development. Its becoming increasing difficult to govern the entire nation by a single ideology without pissing people off. We could be like the indian version of the EU the IU Indian Union. We can still have rupee as the accepted currency across the nations. We can share our defense forces something like NATO. DAE think this is a good/bad idea. Goli Maar Satya. [NP][R]World War I Indian Soldiers Fought In Battle of Somme alonside Brtish and French forces The Bloodiest Battle In WWI But Today Indians Do Not Remember Them. [NP] [R] World War 1 gt Indian amp British Soldiers Infront of The Great Sphinx of Giza Egypt. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 62: [removed]. [Serious] [NP] What are some ways one can help the poor/underprivileged class of India: I was returning home after having my dinner at a nearby chinese restaurant when I was stopped by a balloon vendor. Those guys who stand outside melas/ganesh chaturthi/durga puja all day and make a living selling balloons. I gave him my noodles parcel as my fatass can afford to eat at restaurants while this guy starves every day. The guy pleads with me to buy two of his balloons as dhanda nahi chalrela hai. I cave in and buy 2 balloons for Rs 20. I know thats a steep price for balloons but I could afford to part with Rs 20. That got me wondering how can middle class and upper middle class India help the underprivileged classes of society How can we make their lives a little easier What do YOU do if any thing to help people less priviliged than you and would like to see others do as well. Land ownership question.: Hello I am sorry if this is the wrong place to ask but I need some direction.. I am a US resident and my father has about 50 acres of land in Ganganagar Rajasthan. He is very ill and has left the land for me in his will thats been legally processed in the United States. How do I go about taking ownership of this land. Id like to do it while hes alive so theres no issues. Can anyone help me or point me in the right direction.. NEET shock as Government docs corner 98 of PG seats[OLD]. Serve or pay Rs 50 lakh super speciality medical students told. Government slaps notices on doctors who failed to work in Tamil Nadu run hospitals[OLD]. Bond calls for war of doctors [OLD]. One more bond and this time for 10 years.: gtThe reason students backed out is states like Tamil Nadu Telangana and Andhra impose mandatory rural service for 510 years and set a bond of Rs 2 crore if they fail to fulfil it said the official. Most doctors finish MD at age of 3035 and seek admission to superspecialty when they are in their late 30s or early 40s. They did not want to do a rural stint of 10 years at this stage said the official. http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/rejectingsuperspecialtycourseseatmaycostdoctors/articleshow/60835293.cms Basically if you enter Superspeciality course at 35 years of age you will serve bond till age of 48. Loota Ja Loot Ja Usha Mangeshkar Kamal Barot Asha Bhosle Ankhen 1968 Songs Mala Sinha. Can we talk about the abysmal security situation for healthcare workers in India: This was the latest newsworthy attack http//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Visakhapatnam/acidattackrattlespolicedoctorsinvisakhapatnam/article19723615.ece TLDR gt Pediatrician in Vishakapatnam attacked with acid while on duty. I understand a lot of us including me have had lessthanpleasant experiences with our healthcare providers. But the recent spate of violence has been quite disturbing but I dont see the same level of outrage by those outside of the medical community. I get that there are more pressing issues and some may argue that the entire medical community is corrupt and they get what is coming for them but often it is the residents and junior doctors who face the brunt of the ire while the few minting money at the top remain unscathed. Medicine itself is a highly imperfect science what works for one might go the polar opposite for the other. Staff are overworked esp. in the Govt sector often working 2472 hour shifts and there isnt much data collection or error management in place in India to ensure that the best possible care is taken. It is entirely human for an intern after a 72 hour shift to have misread a drug and administered it to a patient it is medical negligence but when the system focuses on blame instead of correction which is often the case the intern is more likely to cover his error especially if there was no adverse outcome. A large chunk of the demographic that come to Govt hospitals have a limited understanding of health and medicine and come in the very last stage seeking care. Many come with so much distrust and unfortunately the patient load and time constraints put a major wedge in communication between doctors/nurses and patients it is a failure of the system. So when a pregnant woman comes to the OPD after not perceiving fetal movements for 4 days there isnt much we can do. When a child who is on antiepileptics is given an injection and develops adverse reactions to it we can only handle the allergic reaction and stabilize the child most of the time there really wasnt any way for us to have foretold that particular person would have such a reaction to that drug [predictable vs. unpredictable reactions] http//www.aafp.org/afp/2003/1101/p1781.html also not all drugs are tested for reactions first. Hospitals have limited capacities and it is the intensive care units that are filled to the brim and the patients needing the most assistance that may need to be turned away to other facilities because of lack of ventilators/all operation theaters being occupied etc. in the best interests of the patient. Please understand Im not justifying medical negligence where it happens. But these incidents werent all some arrogant doctor pissing off the mob or him/her willfully injecting some lethal stuff to get some bodies out of the way for that week. And no matter what the situation nothing NOTHING justifies this sort of violence towards medical professionals or any person doing their job or otherwise. There are legal ways to pursue that. So why am I posting this More and more people in medicine seem to be getting cynical and apprehensive of getting into laborintensive fields. The quality of healthcare will plummet when doctors and nurses have to be more concerned about going back home with all of their own limbs intact instead of tending to the patients most of us still do but the cover your ass sort of medicine has grown in popularity mainly cuz of this ambience the West has lawsuits here they take the law into their own hands. The smart ambitious motivated kids of today would be less interested in pursuing medicine and we need all kinds. Make no mistake those of us who are losing faith in the system and the people mince no words when it comes to guiding those interested in medicine why would we want any one coming into this without seeing the whole picture Many of us are genuinely apprehensive to work in remote areas because of these incidents the lack of concern from the general public and adding in a mix of political clout and gundaism. Reading the article today all I could think of was Id rather have multiple fractures than have acid thrown on my face at work and that shouldnt be how any one has to feel about doing their own work. Isolated incidents Maybe. But the fear is always there and Id really like more nonmedical people commenting on it beyond Yeah but there was this one doctor who was an asshole... You may not be gathering a mob and bearing sticks to attack doctors nurses and other auxiliary workers but sometimes the silence of those around can be more deafening. As much as we would like to believe otherwise doctors and patients need each other so how can we slow down this downward spiral together What are your thoughts r/india . Career suggestion required: Hello Everyone. This is going to be a bit long post so please bear with me. I need guidance regarding the direction of my career. First some info about me. 25 M working in Infosys in a support projectSAP related. Recently I have been selected as Central Excise Inspector through an exam. Now I am starting to have doubts whether I should go for it considering the slow promotional growth being stagnant careerwise salary aspects are also just enough to sustain myself. Whatever I will earn I wish to earn it through my hard work. I have 67 months before I have to join. Also I have a girlfriendelder than me and we plan to marry in next couple of years so that also has to be kept in mind. The current job I am in is purely support work related to a particular SAP module. I always wanted to have a job where I can grow professionally and keep on improving in terms skills monetary terms and growth. Money matters to me and I dont mind doing the hard work. I dont know in which direction should I proceed now. Past few months whole day I keep on repenting feeling low and sometimes crying myself to sleep due to not being able to decide not being to get a great job. I need advice from you guys about the future options I have. I have basic programming skills only willing to learn and put in the hard work. I need a job that pays me well I dont mind working 1213 hours if needed. Few options which I have in mind are 1. Going for GMAT and applying for 1 year MBA programmes in INDIA or 2year onesif I get good admits. 2. Opening some kind of business 34 years down the line along with the job. Requesting all of you to please provide your inputs and help a brother out. I am unable to be at peace at any time of the day due to constant overthinking and guilt. Feel free to ask further if needed. Thank you in advance. I am online most of the time so feel free to advise at any point of time. PS Please ignore any grammatical mistake or bad flow. . SQL Prep Daily Challenge 61: [removed]. How a child slave escaped the Maoists. Kalam Mian Muhammad Bakhsh. TN folks how is the checking for original Driving License so far. Losing the will to live.: slowly and steadily im losing my will to live anymore. Im venting out here with you peeps cause I really dont have a friend to share it with. I dont know if my life is actually fucked or is it just my head thats playing the game. Im 24 with a decent paying job and a girlfriend whom I dont love and had to be in it because of peer pressure and now I cant break up cause I think Ill hurt her too much. I love someone else I know you guys must think this love tangent is pretty juvenile but as much as of a practical person I was it has completely changed me. I and that chick are in the worst of terms because of too many complications and its tearing me apart. I know its sounding really stupid but theres nothing thats making me happy. Job girlfriend friends family nothing is. I recently got a big appraisal but no wasnt a tad bit happy. I have no idea what to do and these suicidal thoughts are rushing through my mind.. Buddiesany substantial defense against accusations that r/India is more biased against blind right wing/sanghi/ bhakt posts with no substance and namecalling than lack of substance/ name calling in opposing faction: [removed]. Your fellow brother in need of help.Please help: Before I begin let me make it clear that this is not an appeal for charity.If anyone is annoyed or infuriated by reading through this postI beg your forgiveness in advance. I am in a extremely serious financial trouble.There were few unlucky and unexpected situations which our family got through which has eaten away my and my familys savings.Theres only Rs.242/ more left in my bank account.I work as a freelance web and app developer.I have not been able to find work from almost a month since the guy who used to give me projects is not in contact for unknown reasons.I havent been able to look anywhere else because I had to be with my family through the situations.Things are going downhill.Theres still half the college fees of my brother that needs to be paidhouse rent etc The worse thing is even groceries are over.I wont be able to afford decent food too in a few days.I dont have any real friends to ask help. I need to earn some money as soon as possible to keep things floating.I can build websitesappshtml templates/themes setupadminister serversinstall scripts etc etc If any of you have any requirements please do consider me. I am willing to work for any price.you can pay me whatever you deem worthy and after the work is completed.I can singlemindedly slog through any work involving computers till it is completed.I guarantee you my work will be up to your expectation.If theres anything I dont know currentlyI will learn it and complete your work. Please help me guys.I really need some help here.Its a tough situation to be inbut I will face it with all my might.I promise I will return the favour and generosity I will be receiving by helping another guy in needwhenever I can.. Why was a Bengali trolled for a video about eating egg rolls during Durga Pujo. Professor booked for penning controversial Facebook post on goddess Durga: Has anybody here read the offensive post. Farrukhabad BJP MLA carries accident victim on his back inside hospital. Dear r/India please direct me to some resources on domestic violence/ abuse in Bangalore for women [R]: Long story short I just learned that a friend of mine currently living in Bangalore has been the victim of horrific domestic abuse including physical assault done by her husband. They are both highly educated welltodo have kids and yet this has been been going on for years now. She has tried to lodge FIR with cops to no avail. Now she has run away from home leaving her kids behind. I think she desperately needs professional help. Do you guys know of any resources that she can access She is very shy and seems to be resigned to her fate. Appreciate any help. . Have a full f[R]ee day in Delhi coming up. What should I do Ill be with a bunch of friends.: I have a day in Delhi coming up and Ill be free to do whatever and Ill have my friends with me. What should I do P.S I wont be sightseeing on that day Id be done with sightseeing by then.. Internal Durga Puja memo leaked Hindutva elements trying to foment communal disturbance in Bengal. [R]can society stop me from using service provider of my choice: Hello I live in Pune and im planning to get new tata sky connection for my tv but my society is telling me that i can only get videocon dth or no connection at all. Can they really stop me from using any other dth other than videocon. By the time you complete reading this article. Youll start Laughing out loud. Can society block me from using any service provider: [removed]. BHU molestation case Police use lathicharge against protesting students. Senior Journalist KJ Singh Mother Found Dead In Mohali Murder Suspected. KJ Singh who was in his sixties was a former news editor of The Indian Express The Tribune and The Times of India in Chandigarh.. I tried my hands the 3rd time on Piano.. SC notice to Rajasthan MCI over bonus marks for PG seats [OLD]. Legal system expensive big lawyers charge like taxis Law Commission chairman. Indias youngest preterm baby born at 22weeks survives against all odds. Rules be damned the high and mighty have their way. Delhi vs Gurgaon Commuter awaits help as the two police battle it out on Twitter. Even more reasons for creators to love the YouTube Studio app. Xiaomis Next Flagship Smartphone Might Support Wireless Charging. Xiaomi Sold More Than One Million Smartphones in Two Days During Sales. Zindgi Bewafa Song Whats App Status. prince of Jhalana Safari Jaipur Raj.. A prominent gated community dug up a state highway. [xpost /r/bangalore]: The digging has been done across the road and the patch work post dig up is disgusting to say the least. The compromised safety is what concerns me. Which authority do I complain to This is rural Bangalore we are looking at. . India and Canada jointly release Diwali stamps: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 60: [removed]. Manipur woman dies after falling from auto while trying to fight snatchers in Delhi. Karnataka Case booked against Hindu outfit leader for provocative speech. Child trafficking manufactured orphans The dark underbelly of intercountry adoption in India: [deleted]. Indias crude steel output rises 4 to 8.4 MT in August. A new way to earn money with YouTube Gaming. [SERIOUS]Have you seen real poverty Where:  Most of the begging happening in cities is a organised racket. A lot of migrants into cities also earn wellthough they sleep on pavements. I have seen children collecting food from dumping bins of hotels in my younger days. I am older than the young crowd here. Also seen people displaced due to floods etc camping and begging for food.. 203 Mn Records Breached In India In H1 2017 Gemalto. Indian Hindi news channel analysis/Starter pack.:  Well someone rightly said. News channels are not competing among themselves they are competing against general entertainment channels. If you see closely how their programming works its pretty simple and can be read as a starter pack. A weekday starts with Rashifals. If you start switching channels around 7 to 9 AM. You are most likely to see a baba/ pandit sitting either taking calls or predicting future. After that some channels do repeat telecast of there yesterday prime time show and some channels air Kapil Sharma show complete episode in case you missed it last night. In between there are some random breaking news and if it is important they do a followup. But as soon as watch hits 230 PM Its Saas Bahu and Sajis time. Every damn channel has its special show dedicated to news related to Indian soap opera. Names of shows are very fascinating. Bhabhi tera Dewar diwana on IBN7 Saas bahu sajis on APB news Saas bahu or betiyan on Aajtak. In that show you will find a reporter wearing a weird dress and talking about how Askhra solved this murder case and saved his husband or how Simar is now going to become a fly. Length of this show is not fixed it might be 1hour specials or maybe it will take 1 and half hour depends upon the how many Simars in Indian soap operas are going to become a fly. After that they do some random shows that include Bhai news ISIS news and new fad North Korea news. There is another program fixed at 6 PM where they call around 5 or 6 political parties and let them shout. If you didnt like the face of Congress Spokesperson change the channel. Maybe you like another spokesperson. Everyone favorite Sambit Patra is a fixed face. After that fighting show there is another show scheduled for a sports show. Where if you were able to see sport other than cricket. Then you must order a pizza today there is something special going on in the country. Who knows Olympics may be. In that show doesnt matter whether Indian team is playing cricket right now or not there will be an analyst doing some over the top analysis on whether X cricketer should retire or not. If he is playing well then there will be a small biography about him with shitty pirated background music. After that show some channels start doing reporting from the newsroom. Walking inside the office reading todays single news from the every single corner of the room. If you are lucky you might see more than one story. In between there is fast news competition. Who reads the more news inside 10 minute or 15 minutes. Either you read more inside less time or you read less inside very less time. So the format of this 100 or 500 news is fixed. It starts with one story and as soon as that news ends you see number jumped to 10 already where for example if someone from the Congress or BJP said something wrong. The first news will be explanation second will be his comment third reply from opposite party fourth from another famous party and then fifth from his party condemning the comment. Now after that all you see is rape then murder then again rape then murder in the loop and these all news are from either Mumbai Bihar Delhi UP Haryana or some nearby state of Delhi. Its all going well then number hits around 80 in case of 100 news they will show cricket/sports news. After that one random CCTV camera footage from China or any other big country. After that Bollywood news and end. Do not miss there shitty graphics between each news with tan dan tan dan tan dan music. At 9 PM they take matters in their hand and instead of showing actual news there anchor starts blabbering his own opinion and some channels also host a debate at this time again fighting time. After that there will be a fixed show on either a Baba and if not Baba then Kim Jong Un or maybe Pakistan. If nothing then how Modi Ji sleeps less than 3 hour or deep investigation to find Yogi Jis barber. These things go on till 11 PM and then there will be their own crime patrol. A reporter is shouting for no reason and showing either a rape story or a harassment story. They recreate the action with there b grade actors. And the day ends with that. Bonus If you are looking for news parody video on YouTube then check out Tez channel. It has fresh tagline Boring news khalas. Remember back to the future time machine Tez channel has it own time machine with its own amazing graphics they show old news.. AWS Amazon Web Services Training Institutes in Bangalore. India may be watching more videos online than ever but content makers are not earning much. Chaliyar River Challenge promotes ecofriendly leisure through kayaking. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 59: [removed]. Economics of Swachh Bharat Universal sanitation is at the core of Indias development agenda let us realise its promise. India to host World Congress on Adolescent Health next month. State of Intl. cricket. Umpire gives no ball...stops play in between delivery. Steve smith demands run out. Shit Umpiring.: [deleted]. Noor Jahan Songs. Arab sheikhs arrested in India after police bust human trafficking racket. Happy Navratri: Wishing everyone here a joyous blissful and a very happy Navratri. May Goddess shower her blessing on you and all your family members.. Rahul Gandhi View Why revile only Rahul Dynasties flourish in BJP too it just knows how to hide them. [Serious] NRIs who emigrated their ageing parents with them to US tourist visa/later GC how did they take it: Asking specifically about how they adjusted to the new culture how the medical facilities worked out insurance etc both while tourist and later and if it made them happier being closer to you in spite of being far away from the life they earlier knew.. Ways of the Indian pervert Dec 3 2006. What we Indians get wrong about Truth: [deleted]. Ehsan Jafris daughter Nishrin Jafri Recounts the Event. Can anyone tell me how to stop promotional sms from MMTRIP: [removed]. Journalist killed while covering IPFT agitation. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 58: [removed]. Rahul Kanwal will host a programme on Arnab Goswamis fake claims 10.30 PM on India Today channel.:  Watch it guys. May be first ever such programme on Indian TV.. India Today V channel is having a programme on Arnab Goswami fake claims on getting attacked during Guj riots 10.30: [deleted]. Uhh... NSFW.. Alzheimers disease looms as elderly population in India rises Report. [Zoke time] What web framework does the Indian government recommend to build Make in India websites: What web framework does the Indian government recommend to build Make in India websites Joomla. India set to be heart disease capital of the world by 2030 Dr. Perwaiz Alam. Rs 389 cr Bihar dam collapses ahead of inauguration Tejashwi Yadav targets Nitish Kumar alleges corruption. A kid seeking education in the land that once held Gurukuls: A school is said to be the temple but with what faith one would step into it when its deities so called our education administration are so negligent to the well beings of its pupils. Education is boon to any kid but of what good it is when it turns out to be even worse than any curse. What happened in Ryan International school is a blot to our education system to which even given forever would not cleanse it.. [R] A kid seeking education in the land than that once held Gurukuls: [removed]. Best PHP Training Institutes in Bangalore. [Serious] Snapdeal: Hi /r/india I work for Snapdeal. Most of you must have heard about whats going on with Snapdeal in the news in the past few months but weve come out of it unharmed bruised maybe but were functional. Were ready to move forward and are in a process of rethinking how the Indian ecommerce works and how we can fit into it. We get it we havent been the most trustworthy of them all and we want to change that. Wed like to hear from the people who buy stuff online and from those who prefer offline that what can we do differently to increase your trust in us We would love to hear you if you can take out two minutes of your time to tell us how can we genuinely improve and what youd like to see in Indian eretail We might look into the emerging technologies like blockchain to manage the supply chain making delivery process transparent authentic and having a greater degree of trust. If you have any other thoughts about it feel free to share.. [NP] Something disturbing I overheard yesterday which reflects how women are viewed as property: I live in a big city so this was a bit surprising. My mum was talking to a lady about her birthday which was few days ago. The lady said she had bought a new sari for herself for her birthday. On the day of her birthday she found her sari was torn up with scissors. She later found that her son amp nephew had torn it up. They said they felt her sari was too bright amp they didnt like it. These asshole were 1618 y.o. This is the truth of new India where shits like this exist. Another story which pissed me off. Me amp my dad were visiting my relative who was an engineer working in big company in a big city. When the dinner was ready his wife amp my uncle was serving us. She was serving us while covering her face at the same time. At that time I couldnt say anything. Why dont these guys just buy a giant rubber stamp amp stamp property of mr. xyz on their wifes forehead It would make things a lot easier for everyone involved. We have a huge problem where men treat women as their property. Just like if an object loses value it is discarded similarly if the girl wears modern clothes or has a bf or heck wants to study or work after marriage then they are beaten or killed. After marriage the ownership passes to husband who will do the same stuff. We need to teach in schools amp homes how women being treated as objects is vile amp disgusting.. [R] People with n years of experience in your respective fields.do you make mistakes: How do you deal with it I ask because I am new to a mktg job first job and make mistakes and I get terribly upset if I make one. I get depressed as well. Edit 1. What was it like when you started your first job . Help T[R]avelling from Mumbai to Frankfurt tonight 21/09 2am: With the current weather situation its likely that my flight will be cancelled. The same flight from earlier this morning was also cancelled. What is the general practice in these scenarios Will the airline Lufthansa give me an alternate flight I have planned the next 20 days quite meticulously and I stand to lose a lot of money if I am delayed for too long. I purchased insurance with my ticket. Does that help me in any way Are there any experienced travellers or airport/airline pros here with any tips on ensuring that I get the next possible flight out Or any other tips for this situation Thanks in advance. Arnab Goswami is a lying scumbag and we folk need to wise up to his FUD/propaganda bullshit: Goswami recently claimed that his car was attacked during the 2002 Guj riots while in reality he was not anywhere near the scene of the incident. http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/rajdeepsardesaiarnabgoswamigujaratriotsrepublictvfakenews/1/1051339.html gt Here is what Arnab narrates in the video with utmost conviction gt gt 2002. And we came out 50 meters from his residence we are stopped suddenly our ambassador car is stopped and there are people who are breaking the windows with trishuls. All the windows are broken. It is almost as if there are trishuls all around. I know its very unsavoury but I must share with you the reality of life as Ive seen it. When that happens we are all told to reveal our religion. It is 50 metres from the chief ministers house. How it happened I dont know. We said we are journalists. No No what is your religion What is your religion. And thankfully let me tell you there was nobody from the minority community with us. But one of our people we had our identity cards press cards. My driver did not have a press card. And I look at... I was sitting in the front [of the car]. Ive an obsession of sitting in the front seat I looked to my right and I can see the look on my drivers face. When people talk about secularism Ive seen hate from up close and I know that group of people could have killed him. He had a tattoo. He put up a Hey Ram or something on his... it is not a tattoo it is just an imprint that you put which stays with you. He showed that and we walked out. But I saw for that moment how scared you... [video abruptly ends] The video is available at the end of the linked article. Sardesai may be biased but hes not a blatant liar like that turdnugget Goswami.. Just want to get some stuff off my mind: Warning Possibly long story ahead I have only 2 people who care about me parents and sometimes i get the feeling my entire life ive been doing what they want as far as major goals go . We for good or bad have really shitty relatives. The hierarchy goes More money better treatment . The rich ones are treated nicely by other relatives the poor ones are treated like trash . This has sort of fucked with my moms head and she is obsessed with getting me to be successful in life so that she can finally show a finger to them and ask them to fuck off from out life when they try to get on good terms with us . Im pretty sure my mom has some mental health issues due to her own circumstances while growing up which im not getting into as it would need a whole other post . I have tried to kill myself in the past once because i felt like i fucked up my life and wont acheive so called success in life. Well i got over it and life is somewhat better now but still all my calls with my mom revolve around getting a btter job/getting into the best college for a further degree and so on. I realise im doing whatever it is im doing not because i want but because i have no fucking clue what i want to do and not doing what my mom wants would lead to ww3 in my house and i cant deal with that .My dad doesnt disagree with my mom anymore as that lead to too many fights and he just wants some quiet in the house now Ive changed my diet lost a good amount of weight been weightlifting for a year with the hopes that ill feel better mentally while there has been an improvement im not exactly happy. I tried tinder both before when i was fat and now when i look decent no hits .So yes i have a sad lonely life . On my own the rare occasions i feel driven to do something its beacuse of jealousy or envy that how can xyz do better than me not because i want to do something . i got this epiphany today which lead to this post that if anything were to happen to my parents i would have no close realtions to speak of and to be honest very lost as to what to do in life i would probably kill myself because ill finally feel free to whatever i want which is nothing and Im tired of living this dreary existence . I realise i currently have a very fucked up life i would like some outside perspective to get my mind in order. I do realise i should visit a shrink but that would mean formally accepting the problem which is a step im currently not comfortable taking TLDR I feel that my mind is getting fucked up need some help . BHIM healthy. Even If We Are 72 We Can Kill Lakhs Says Bengal Cleric Over Deportation Of Rohingyas. India third among countries that faced most natural disasters Guterres. [PSA] There seems to be a major issue with Keybased international transaction getting declined for debit cards ICICI: Had issue with amazon.com steam skrillex i thought it was some thing do with new card the bank issued to be made few complaints and after a month or so the three sites got unblocked or i dont know what the hell happened now those three websites work perfectly. Today wanted to transaction on stacksocial.com and it got declined. Both through card detail and also through paypal.com payment method. https//i.imgur.com/h3dXvIh.png Upon asking the ICICI they told keybased transaction are not there on debit card but it clearly seems they are opting only reported sites to pas through because how come within a month all the three sites i complained suddenly started to work Funny thing is my old card worked perfectly the new Coral debit card with INTERNATIONAL TRANSX enabled which was issued 5 months before is having so much issue. It should be the new set of debit card numbers which visa is not allowing keybased transaction . Need some career advice for a fresher [NP]: I am in prefinal year of engineering right now and Ive been doing an internship at this startup. Since it has fewer employees I directly reported to the CEO with the work that Ive been doing. Ive rejected any stipend that they offered and am working free of cost. They only pay for my travel. Yesterday I had a word with the CEO because the task assigned to me was completed. He has made an offer to hire me by giving a PPO. There are a couple of other companies that come to my college for internships but only 1015 of the people get these internships. Every company takes either 1 or 2 people at max. I can sit for Full Time Employement tests but I am not sure if I will be able to crack the coding round. In this company I automated testing and worked a bit with NativeScript and web development. The next project assigned to me has something to do with AI/ML. But I can not do that as an intern. Now here are my following questions 1. I am not regular to college because I spent time doing internships. So my DSA is rather weak. So how important is it for a person to be well versed with DSA during their work 2. I will be getting a salary of about 4lpa if I were to take this offer but I will have to notify my college. This means that I am barred from the placement cell and I can not appear for interviews of any other company until I lose this offer. 3. There is no official bond as such but if I get assigned the project I will have to at least work for a year to get the flow of it and the company will pay whatever tuition fee that Id need to get some basics into the course. Obviously since I am a newbie I wont be given core jobs but somewhere in the surface is what the person said. So is it worth it PS This company is not one of those companies that eats from funding. Theyre making profits since 2 years. The company is 4 years old. I made a pros and cons list. Pros 1. I have a ready job offer so dont have to compete to get offers. 2. I will get an option to drop both the electives in all the forthcoming semesters and my grades will be evaluated based on the work I do in the company. 3. The project looks interesting and can give me a handson learning experience. Cons 1. I can not sit for another job interview. 2. Barred from any offers from Placement cell / college groups.. [Reddiquette] Why Indian Educational System got admission criteria right: [deleted]. Indias Nutrition Atlas goes live The Nutrition Atlas provides information and data on nutritional status of population groups at national and state levels. Inside the global university rankings game In the quest to move up in the popular rankings a number of institutions have tried to game the system. Sikar gangrape Accused school director teacher arrested for raping student who is now battling for life. The accused duo had allegedly been raping the Class 12 student for some time now even impregnating her in the assault.: [deleted]. TB to times when wed stand next to the dustbin sharpening our pencils while talking to our friends thinking the teacher doesnt know. What a tragic time has come today for kids to be in school.: 11 year old girl send to boys loo as punishment https//www.thequint.com/news/india/girlsenttoboyslooaspunishment Peon rapes 5 year old https//www.thequint.com/news/india/minorallegedlyrapedindelhischoolaccusednabbed Teacher slaps kid 40 times http//www.ndtv.com/indianews/class3boyinlucknowslapped40timesbyteachervideoisviral1744500. TB to times when wed stand next to the dustbin amp talk to our friends thinking the teacher doesnt know. What a tragic time it is for kids to be in school.: [deleted]. Rivalry at its classiest. [R] My boss may have made a mistake in his judgement and I want to save Indians from being cheated.: [deleted]. To all the people pessimistic about Indias future: [deleted]. FREE SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 56: [removed]. Violence not an option for those who revere cows Mohan Bhagwat. Panel Discussion on Aadhaar Data Protection and Privacy Rights Live Law. Just wanted to confess Every time after or before I read a long article/Book I listen to my fav Heavy Metal music for 510 mins.: Just wanted to confess Thats how my Brain takes in all the Information. I go into Deep thinking of worldly consequences and Creative ideas of what i just Read or will Read. What are your favorite Heavy Metal Music/Band. Just wanted to confess Every time after or before I read a long article/Book I listen to my fav Heavy Metal music for 510 mins.: [deleted]. Just wanted to confess Every time after I read a long article/Book I listen to my fav heavy metal music for 510 mins.: [deleted]. Yes i once called myself the emigration bot. Would you like to see a serious evaluation of the reasons perils and challenges of emigrating out of india as a middle class indian Please suggest aspects youd like to see fleshed out.: Also im tired of the mindless drivel that gets stirred up whenever this issue comes up. It is personal and it touches a sensitive nerve with a lot of people. Serious replies only please. Edit Ok never mind.. [Debate] To Aadhaar or not to Aadhaar : As we all know over a past few years the mandate of requiring an Aadhaar Card to perform daily functions has grown tremendously. What started off as a means to validate Direct Transfer benefit scheme has now spread across to various sectors which include Banking Filing of Income Tax Returns or for that matter even acquiring a cell phone number. I would like to create a stage for debate on the following topic If use of Aadhaar as a means to regulate the citizens as a whole is justified You could comment on National Security Privacy Elimination of Corruption Information Security or any other points you think are within the ambit of discussion.. Does anyone feel like the slogan Jai Hind has been trivialised and made meaningless by overuse: The slogan/salutation was a rallying battle cry to unify and rouse the sleeping masses and inspire patriotism in the dispassionate. The most intense version of the slogan can be heard in the song Aye Mere Watan Ke Logon sung by Lata Mangeshkar. It should be a symbol like the National Flag and the National Anthem not to be used everywhere and definitely not to be misused. When you force children to use Jai Hind in place of Present Sir/Maam you take away the glory and history away from the phrase. When you end each WhatsApp message and internal memo with Jai Hind you will no longer have people respect it. There are other phrases to bastardise. You need not destroy the meaning of this expression of patriotism. This is where the whole debate of Patriotism vs Nationalism comes to play. The nationalists of this country want to force their own brand of patriotism on the citizens of this country and have taken one of the most important legacies of our independence and made a mockery of it. I hope the idiots understand what Jai Hind truly means and not relegate it to the insignificance of something like Thanking You or Bye. DU female lecturer receives death threat. POS Laser 1D amp 2D Barcode Scanner Supplier. Help needed Top 10 offline computer part stores in these cities in India: 1 Mumbai 2 Pune 3 Hyderabad 4 Bangalore 5 New Delhi 6 Chennai Edit I also need to know what kind of stores they are and what you guys think of them IF youve used them or someone you know personally has. Girls on r/india I need some life advice. I have been cheated multiple times by my boyfriend ex of 4 years in the last 1 year.: tldr What would you guys do if you were cheated on He told me its all over with the other girl but went back to her 3 times in the last 1 year to be fair we were on a break for sometime and he met her during this time. He says this time he has changed completely and that it was not love with her but only physical attraction. Now he seems to have blocked her everywhere and she also got to know about the twotime and she blocked him too. Im not sure whether to trust him and give him another chance or am I making a mistake. I want to trust him because I love him like crazy. Hes a loving and caring guy otherwise.. Irrationalism in city planning It is better to go back to the drawing board in designing Amaravati. My view on the Jain couple from Madhya Pradesh who are abandoning their daughter and taking up monkhood.: From [the Indian Express]http//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2017/sep/16/babydaughterabandonedrs100crorepropertyrelinquishedjaincoupletoturnmonks1658181.html gt the Rathores went about making plans and began living apart as far back as when their daughter Ibhya was an eightmonthold baby. gt Sumit Rathore announced his decision to adopt monkhood on August 22 and Anamika followed suit. The couple was probably forced into a loveless marriage. He must have taken monkhood to avoid the social stigma of divorce. To get away the usual abandonment/outcasting of wives abandoned by their husbands the wife followed suit. No sane person would subject themselves to this idiocy unless brainwashed by a fanatic like Sudhamargi Jain Acharya Ramlal Maharaj. Remember the Gujarat board topper Varshil Shah who scored 99.9 percentile and [became a Jain monk]http//indianexpress.com/article/education/gujaratclass12toppervarshilshahtobecomejainmonktoday/ He too was brainwashed. From the article gt The result is as per expectations but to attain and maintain peace I think renouncing the world is the only way said Varshils uncle. His relatives are cancer. gt In the Shah household electricity is restricted and there is no television or refrigerator. This is not a normal life for a hardworking middleclass boy. gt Guru Kalyan Ratnavijaysuri Maharaj has inspired him to become an ascetic. This is the cult leader who brainwashed the child into a life of complacency and servitude. Im not saying the guy would have gone on to cure cancer or give the solution to stopping a world war but he could at least have had a decent adolescence. Youth is the best time of our lives and because of religion young men and women are abandoning their lives futures and even their children for a fantasy. . 38 Vyapam cases moved to other special courts. [SERIOUS] Study group for people preparing for Govt job.: [removed]. Watch this aircraft disappear into the rain clouds of the Mumbai skyline.. Narendra Modi as Dedicated RSS Worker 1970: [deleted]. Famine in Bengal 1942: [deleted]. Taking a gap year after graduation Need some advice.: I am currently doing BBAThird year with specialisation in HR. I have decided to take a gap year after I graduate to prepare for CAT and GMAT. I am also going to prepare for B1 level exam in German. Can you recommend some good courses which will be beneficial for me . Please help me identifying the language amp translation of the text. [R]: Please help me identifying the language amp translation of the text. https//i.imgur.com/Em2X6MO.jpg Thanks.. Happy Birthday to one of independent Indias greatest social reformer HBD Periyar. In secular mode: [deleted]. [R]Which Indians do you think are/were the most deserving of the Bharat Ratna who havent won it yet: For me they are E. Shreedharan and T.N Sheshan Edit Kamaraj has already won it 1976 my bad.. Modi converted my friend to a bhakt today. Who is the one person you want to say sorry to but cant because of your ego and what wrong did you do to him/her: [removed]. The Secret Lives of Indian Street Dogs: [deleted]. Caste Is Stunting All of Indias Children. Tribes and shamans become your hosts Indias remote Arunachal Pradesh. Indias population greying likely to increase to 18.4 pc by 2025 PGI doctors. Inside The TestosteroneSoaked Culture Of Indias GuysOnly WhatsApp Groups. Where can I stargaze near Mumbai Preferably under 100km: Have never seen the milky way. Are there any places near/outside Mumbai where I can see the milkyway The best that Ive probably seen is probably in Palghar nothing crazy though just a shit ton of stars. Brahmins who rejected Ram Devdutt Pattanaik. Happy Birthday Mr. Modi. For High School Students Passionate About Programming/CS: If youre still in school Grade 12 and below and youre into algorithms and love the math behind it in general then you may want to participate in the Indian Computing Olympiad leading to The International Olympiad in Informatics. Registration for the first rounds of the Olympiad just opened. More information is available at the [IARCS website]https//www.iarcs.org.in/inoi/current.php and the first few pages of Google. If you know such a friend/relative then please tell them to have a go at it. . Late Air Marshal Arjan Singh With PM Lal Bahadur Shastri 1965 RIP Sir: [deleted]. PM Jawaharlal Nehru Playing Billiards 1952. Arjan Singh Indian Air Force Marshal and war hero dies at 98. Bomb blast in Manipur four injured. Narendra Modi back in 1980s: [deleted]. Dada with Einstein. Army takes note of video showing troops dishonouring. [AskIndia] What are some politically incorrect questions you would like to ask. Alarming rise of noncommunicable diseases in India and world over Study. A study by British Medical journal The Lancet shows that more than 6 million Indians died due to non communicable diseases in 2016.. Amazon forces Card on Delivery: Recently i have notcied that every time i make a COD order on amazon i get a call from the delivery guy forcing me to use my card instead of paying him Cash has anyone else faced the same kind to situation . Young Sanjay Dutt with his father late Sunil Dutt: [deleted]. Netaji in Egypt 1935. Salman Khan honoured at Britains House of Commons. Life advice needed for career progression.: I am still on the fence about taking a hefty loan for MS and try getting a job abroad in IT. The loan thing still scares me shitless. 7080 Lacs for a lower middle class guy like me is too much. But then again things in India are not going to get better as time passes by. Countries are closing their gates to Indians so I am on borrowed time. Population is increasing in India and the competition for resources be it jobs house water food good education etc. is going to increase exponentially in the future. But I dont want to leave my ailing parents here in India. But I also dont want to not have enough moneyby slaving in my job in India to get them treated. Atleast with foreign money I can get them treated in good hospitals in India. To be honest this IT life is very detrimental to my health. Back pain neck pain and increasing specs number and the job stress. I dont what to do in life and I am just ranting here.. [R] What are some well paying part time jobs in India: Im looking to build a second career and can work towards it only on Saturdays and Sundays. What kind of jobs allow such flexibility and room for growth . Mumbai Rains Floods BMC and the Mithi Where is the accountability How to prepare better. [R]. FREE SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 55: [removed]. lord Parshuram must have been an engineer. Manohar Parrikar. Indias first centre for Animal Law opens in Hyderabad. Kerala Tourism Bags PATA Gold Awards 2017. Indira Gandhi Riding on Yak on way to Bhutan 1958. Netaji meeting Hitler 1942. Mauritius sees 15 growth in Indian arrivals from JanJul. Bitcoin value slumps 40 per cent in 13 days in India. [Serious] The Bullet Train project is estimated to cost 1.1 Lakh Crore. If not bullet train where should this money have been spent IYO: Just in case we get the same loan from Japan at same terms. I see a lot of people stating infrastructure poverty alleviation etc. What is your opinion. Domestic Tourists are the Backbone of Indian Tourism. Recommendation for a good Mental health professional in Hyderabad: My friend is going through a break up and the other usual troubles at home. Im providing her support telling her all the regular advice one can give and pepping up her mood. However Im not near her and she says she has been depressed for a while and with this recent break up she was telling me that she is having suicidal thoughts as well. She is working in an MNC and has friends but people have their own lives and we also know how difficult it is to discuss such stuff with colleagues. Thankfully her job is keeping her occupied for most of the time. Im no professional but from what I know and understand from her she has been on the edge due to her past and family problems and this break up nudged her over the edge and is not the sole reason for her being depressed. Things are not chronic at this time but I think it is better to not to ignore these and address them with a professional. Im looking for two things 1. A professional in Hyderabad who knows what they are doing. Preferably if you or your friends have had a good experience with them. 2. What does the treatment usually entail/what does a professional do differently Im asking this so I can understand the difference myself and also use this to convince my friend to visit the professional as I have a feeling she might not just jump up at my suggestion. If you cant mention the details a public forum please PM me. Your help is appreciated.. Which is good remote place in South India without light pollution to view the entirety of milky way: Want to experience existential crisis.. Indian doctor in US chased stabbed to death patient arrested. [R] If you were offered a Govt. job would you take it: It may be any position in any dept. . [R] Help me identify this imposter: [removed]. FREE SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 54: [removed]. Ryan International Murder case CBSE cracks whip this is what board wants schools to do now. Present Bullet Train for India is a waste Productivity of average Indians: I have read dozen articles for and against it but it makes no sense to me. what does a bullet train do others trains doesnt cut down time by 34 times. Cutting down time is very important for highly productive people like say Japanese not Indians. Japan Productivity is among highest in the World India is among lowest even worse than Pakistan. If you leave out Indian IT and Pharma Industries productivity than India would be among bottom of list. other reasons 1. Cost of construction is not worth it air travel could be cheaper. 2. Mishap and Accidents could be costly. 3. Indians cant maintain the infra tracks train itself.. Present Bullet Train for India is a waste Productivity of average Indians: [deleted]. Buy Bluetooth Printer Thermal Receipt Printers WiFi printers Online. iPhone Xed. This School in India Just Went 100 Percent PlantBased. [R] Why do we as a people speak bad quality English overall: Considering English came to India with the British why did we end up destroying it with respect to how we speak and write And no I am not talking about the accent which honestly cant be helped. I mean the grammar diction and general lack of articulacy among people. I have even noticed several posters/commenters in Randia of late with grammar mistakes in every sentence. I am not trying to shit on people here I would just like to get your ideas on where you think messed up with this. . Blind Patriotism: Ok first Im not hating so hear me out before you just automatically downvote me to hell. Why is almost everyone in our country astronomically patriotic Like we refuse to point out any flaws or bugs in our country because some reason there is this preconceived notion that our country deserves 100 respect because its a goddess mother. Even the other day I was speaking to my mom also Indian and when I pointed out a few flaws she got triggered. Obviously this is just an example but Ive noticed this EVERYWHERE no matter if its Facebook Reddit etc. If lets say if someone said they need to fix the toilet crisis in India next thing you know millions of Indian will lynch that mf on fire for saying the truth. What makes me even angrier is that Indians will call out any nonIndians racist for pointing out a flaw which is dumb because 90 is racist af to any other race. And if youre Indian and point out a flaw they will say youre disloyal and a disgrace. I truly believe this blind patriotism is delaying our progress and putting us in denial hence less likely to fix the issues going on.. [Ask] [Serious] Women of r/India what things you want to talk about womens health and hygiene: We are planning to conduct a session of Womens health and hygiene in high schools and want to talk about most important topics in an hour session followed by a QnA session. As an uneducated Indian male I want to learn few things as well. Looking for suggestions of topics which I can provide to my female colleague so she can cover them in that session.. Which are the best books you have read on the 1971 and 1999 Kargil wars. FREE SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 53: [removed]. Which are the best books you have read on the 1971 and 1999 Kargil war: [deleted]. Escorting Sri Sri Ravi Shankar By Chief Justice Gauhati HC Bar Association Expresses Its Displeasure. I tried I tried I tried and now Im tired.: Id usually post on r/suicidewatch thats where my last post should be but I want to say something to my fellow countrymen. Im sorry. I was always stuck in tradition I was never cool or hep I was probably the most backward prudish girl. I believed in family and fairy tale romance and you all couldnt take it. I mean people here. All the progressive folks. I get it youre all better you live in the now you dont think about the future you date love matters nothing etc. Great. Good for you. But nobody gave you the right to mislead me and break my heart OVER AND OVER again. Doesnt matter. Please dont do it to anyone. If you cannot be their dream no matter how ridiculous it sounds to you please just let them be alone. Dont play with their hearts. Today Im alone. Im dying tonight. I cant take it anymore. Let it end with me. I only meant people who do this obviously not everyone. Goodbye. Have a good life. Edit I am overwhelmed by the responses and love I have gotten here. I just threw up a lot and am very very tired I am unable to reply to everyone. Im not sure what my decision will be but for now I think I need to rest. Thanks a lot for everyones response but I really just would like everyone to be more mindful of their actions and the effects on other people.. its hard I know but please try. Thanks again. Has anyone received refunds for IGSR [R]: People working with nonindian clients have you received IGST refunds after submitting FIRC yet I had stopped billing and have been filing nill at but this month ill invoice some clients for and pay IGST next month and try to claim refunds with FIRC. Just curious if the process for receiving the refund after submitting FIRC is hassle free. . Womens bodies are under attack The alarming reality of reproductive rights in India and the US. An amazing short film in India on girl child... Two important issues discrimination against girls in India as well as the blind faith of people in God have been depicted so beautifully A great attempt and a storyline is cherry on the cake. Kudos to the team IRIS. [Showerthought] [NSFW] The Dera organisation seems to have existed just to satisfy one mans cock.: Tunnels to sadhvi hostels henchwomen for bringing in and grooming young girls apparently underage girls were also abused. Plus apparently there are videos of the great guru boning his adopted daughter the honeyest of the preets. Its just sad that such an organisation got to grow into such massive strength over decades under our noses. Its even sadder that there are followers of this asshole who are ready to kill and give up their own lives in his name. Just awful. I wonder how many more gurus and bapus are running such filthy organisations in this country. I wish the government would do something to tackle this nuisance.. Its 1947. Pak attacks JampK but Maharaja Hari Singh does NOT accede to India but is able to defend Kashmir like Israel did in 1948. How do India Pak relations look today : In 1948 the newly formed state of Israel defended itself against invasion by multiple Arab states. https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1948ArabE28093IsraeliWar Lets say similar thing happened to JampK. Some foreign powers maybe including India sent aid. JampK troops fight and are able to hold their territory. JampK remains independent with a Muslim majority population. How do you think India pak relations would be today Do you think we would have so many wars If yes would they have been over other things like Punjab or maybe Indus waters What would China do Serious replies only please. Lets discuss. . FREE SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 52: [removed]. Need some advice r/India.[NP]: I think this is the only forum where I can actually have good advice because of the type of demography which lurks this domain. Today after a no good night sleep actually 2 days awake right now I appeared for the Campus placement cracked aptitude and waiting for the results of coding round in this fucking moment a fucking pen leaked itself over the only fucking shirt I have gotI didnt even knew College placement would start so earlyfuck me sideways in hurry I only got one shirtI didnt anticipated such emergency if I got selected I have to appear an interview on 16thI might receive a call within this time period and I cant miss that thing. So what should I do now Should I head for a tailor who will stitch me a new shirt till 15th if I provided him with resources and measurements till tomorrow or should I search for a laundry who will fix this mess till 15th or the final option is to buy a ready made one on 15th Do laundries fix this sort of issuesI mean how effective is that Will I ever restore the genuineness of the shirt Where should I try the road level brick laundries or some big agency style one with prominent techniques and shit. Fuck my life.. The longforgotten histories of the colours in the Indian Tricolour. Aus sees 14.6 growth in Indian arrivals in JulyJune 2017. India To Acquire Seismic Data Of 48000 Line Kms To Boost Oil Gas Output. Where are we going About 9/11 October 1 2001. [Serious] Redditors who think the following Maharashtra belongs to Marathas first TamilNadu belongs to Tamils first Karnataka belongs to Kannadas first etc.. Why doesnt Kashmir belong Kashmiris first: I get the argument that Pakistan has been using propaganda and fueling violence in the valley for a very long time. And our forces have been countering them with brute force as well. But those who believe that their own land and culture belongs to the native people and they should have a larger say in debates. Why dont we believe the same for Kashmiris too Why do Indians and Pakistanis get to decide their future I see these days edgy teenagers having no clue about the situation in JampK grossly generalizing them as stone pelters. Even mature people are getting swayed away by the media propaganda on both the sides of the border. My question might anger a lot of nationalist and patriotic people here. I dont mean to say Kashmir belongs to Pakistan. But dont they have a say and have a right to fight for their selfdetermination Apologies if this question is offending anyone but think as if you were a normal Kashmiri for once and cornered from all sides in the political power play. Thanks. Indias second indigenous nuclear submarine to be launched soon will undergo sea trials. Kangana amp AIB Shame Bollywood With Satire and a Vagina Item Song. A woman interviewed 100 convicted rapists in India. This is what she learned.. Comedy ki tragedy: Recently I watched the sng podcast about Baba ram Rahim. It got me thinking. I realize that comedians have a gift of making serious current affairs more palatable to people and its good that so many of them discuss politics. But I worry that in needing comedy to absorb news we are somehow engaging with issues which need serious engagement on a very superficial detached level. commenting on gurmeet ram rahims garish eccentricities is the easiest joke to make. Our urban upper caste lense gives us the vantage point to ridicule the dera and its followers. But it also clouds our ability to understand background and context. Shouldnt it bother us that a conman like ram rahim could get away with so much for so long Sikhism which was an egalitarian response to hierarchical Hinduism has become as casteist as the structure it sought to demolish. The dera holds sway over millions of people because ram Rahim gave succour to a population suppressed by upper caste Hindus and Sikhs. In the absence of government intervention he started drug rehab centres for youth in a population devastated by drug use. He has managed to leverage this following to gain political backing. Every political party akalis Congress bjp in Punjab and Haryana is dependent on the dera for votes. The phenomenon of dera Sacha sauda is emblematic of a systemic failing of society religion and politics. While we may laugh at ram rahims clothes accent body hair movies etc in order to engage with the issue better we need to move beyond comedy. It is much too important an issue to be left to comedy alone. I like sng because they are irreverent smart and relatable. But I do believe that they need to research better when they talk about current affairs/politics as opposed to pop culture. Because the responsibility is also to inform and not just to entertain when you talk of serious issues. I was also a big fan of news comedy shows like the tonight show. I love John Oliver too And what sets last week tonight apart as you rightly said is in fact the research. I think that John and his team go the extra mile to dig up stuff and cover all aspects because they take their right to crack a joke seriously. They realize that when a serious issue is involved they owe their audience a responsibility to be as comprehensive in their reportage as possible. In fact they look for issues which are considered unsexy and hence do not get coverage in mainstream media. If humour has to be used in news dissemination lwt is the way to do it because comedy then is a means to inform not a end in itself. Having said that I am somewhat disillusioned by this phenomenon of comic news shows. I feel that in the larger context it is not beneficial to have people be informed in such a manner. I feel it gives them a way to ignore issues and detach themselves from it. Laughing at something can and forgetting about it can be a self serving and cathartic process. While it may give individuals solace it is detrimental to creating a cohesive informed public opinion in the long run. I realize that the podcast is not meant to find solutions. It is meant to entertain. Hence my worry. If I knew nothing of the ram Rahim case for example and I watched this podcast I would walk away with a very superficial understanding of an issue which is damn serious. I am not saying that the podcast shouldnt take up such topics. I am saying that at least when they do they should be as informed in their opinion as possible. Because when you take up such an issue you automatically end up educating your audience as well. I dont think news programming and media even is meant to find solutions. Their job is to inform provide sunlight and help create an informed public opinion. When this gurmeet character released his movie prominent journalists in this country interviewed him. They were in fact in on the joke themselves. Because we had been sharing disparaging memes about msg they thought it would be worthwhile to call him and allow him to perform his antics giving us an opportunity to continue our ridicule. What if we were better informed Wouldnt our response be different If we outraged instead of laughed at his clothes maybe there would be more scrutiny on him. Maybe he wouldnt have gotten away with so much for so long. Maybe just maybe a few lives could have been saved. Rant fin. What do you think. POS hardware and peripherals manufacturers amp Suppliers. In 3 Years Cancer Rate Rises Up To 4 Times Faster Than National Rate In Small Provinces. Indians Could Live 4 Years Longer If India Cleaned Its Air To WHO Standards. Raising a stink The waste bomb is ticking for India. Being a Hindu in Bharath Letter to the editor The Hindu from 1940s. GST Cartoons [R]. Incomplete justice The Indian Express. The Local Airtel Store Just Did a Fraud to Me: I went to the local Airtel Store today to link my outstation Aadhaar number to two of my Airtel prepaid numbers. They informed me that Ill be charged 100 for each number as they will also be opening Airtel Payments Bank accounts individually for both the numbers and the balance would be credited directly to those accounts. I didnt have the option to deny that. However when I reached home I found that only 50 was credited to one of the numbers as they opened a savings account and the remaining 50 is stored as security deposit for the maintenance of the bank account which was not informed to me by those crooks earlier nor can be used for any purpose under any circumstances. Another number is yet to be recharged. I dont want to use their Payments Bank accounts for which Ive lost 100 50 for each number just for the fraud they did to me. I feel cheated I really wish karma hits them hard What should I do to them now . FREE SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 51: [removed]. Behala Anwesha The Quest Dance Therapy NGO in Kolkata needs your support. [R] Question on Bitcoin and Taxes: I have a fair number of Bitcoins. I tend to buy/sell at least once a month. I keep the coins in my local wallet. When I want to trade I xfer them to Zebpay / other exchange and sell there. Till date I have not withdrawn any money back to my bank account. When I do decide to cash out will the entire amount be seen as income Can I reconcile the deposit made with the withdrawn amount and only be taxed on the profits How this to be declared My accountant is slightly stupid so Ill need to explain this to him. Ive read a few articles online on this subject but they are all sketchy and vague. My plan is to hodl fairly long term. In the unlikely event that I am rich beyond my wildest dreams is there scope to open an account overseas and deposit the money there What are some realistic options Looking for advice from people who have experience from being in a similar situation either themselves or via friends amp family.. Higher education through digital transformation the only way forward in Young India. The Tallest Hindu Temple As High As Eiffel Tower Is Being Constructed In India. What is the latest on Section 377: I read the Supreme Court was going to have a hearing on September 8. What happened. Satyarthi launches countrywide march against child abuse. Those who cant keep country clean have no right to chant Vande Mataram PM Modi. Memoirs of hunger Bengal famine and thakumas kitchen The Bengal famine reached its pinnacle in 1943. The estimated number of deaths was about five million. No wonder thakuma was obsessed with reducing wastage.. Aunty ki gunty best rap by omprakash rap King: [deleted]. [R]Finland education system is world wide renowned. Redditors of /r/India what can we learn from them and implement some of the policies in Indian education system: For reference here is link to a documentry on Finnish education system. The Finland Phenomenon Full length http//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLzsiE489gUXFVuciYEgO3AyrPMVAjxP. Muslim woman divorces torturing husband at press meet. Second hand bookshops: Does anyone know of any good second bookshops that can deliver to home anywhere in India. Manual Scavenging The Struggle to Stay out of Pits. Marijuana worth 54 lakh seized smugglers held. DATA STORY India second only to the US in contributing money to the United Nations operations. [R] BSNLs STV1099 Is A Sham: BSNLs 1099 plan is no longer truly unlimited and has a secret FUP limit of 10GB daily Or at least at night because thats when I mainly download stuff. How do I know Well Im a power user. I download 200 300 GB of data every month. However since the last 5 days Im noticing that BSNL cuts the download speed to 5 10 KB/s after 10GB of data has been downloaded. Now dont give me the excuse that it may be because of other users on the network. Its not. I put the downloads on at about 1200 AM and then check the download speeds between 400 AM 500 AM because thats usually the time I wake up. And in the morning there arent much users active. Every other ISP is blazing fast at that time of the morning so no I dont buy it. I think this is absolutely unacceptable and the truly unlimited promise is a sham but then again its BSNL we are talking about. What are your thoughts. Over 2.7 lakh drug addicts in Punjab says study. [R] Can a failed 12th class CBSE student change his stream from Science to Arts: if he does 12th again through CBSE Private with Subjects English History Political Science Geography amp Psychology And how CBSE will conduct the Practicals What will happen during the practicals as I dont know about Arts practicals P.S. I asked this question here because I have only 56 months for preparation and my teachers are not fully informed about this and CBSE helpline is not working.. Doctors in India Our Constitutional Right is in Danger[OLD]. Doctors write to Human Rights Commission complaining longworking hours at public hospitals [OLD]. Number of deaths over the years at BRD College.. Mens Top Fashion Hacks. [Serious] Feeling left out.: [removed]. My Reaction When someone ruins their top comment with an edit to thank for gold. I tried my hands on Piano. I tried my hands on Piano.. Cancer rate rises up to 4 times faster than national rate in small provinces. Indias rising problem Urban floods Politicians blame climate change but ignore need for planning and infrastructure to ease seasonal flooding that wreaks havoc in cities. The complicated ethics of being a dermatologist in a country where many people want whiter skin. The Persian language has a rich history in India but its slowly dying out. Minors rescued from Dera cave. Income inequality in India at its highest level since 1922. What would be total cost to build an android app for an NGO in India: Theres a healthcare related NGO in my area that intents to build a basic android app featuring their info works notifications and updates regarding upcoming programs and a page to show contact details. As they are funded solely by donation they are tight on budget. So my questions is what would be the total cost to hire someone or a company to build this app Any other cheaper alternatives you can suggest. Help Tharsana fight cancer. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 50: [removed]. Man openly threatens to kill Shobhaa De Shehla Rashid Arundhati Roy terms them antinational. I need india: [removed]. Randians please could we make a community post about the practical aspects of emigration like the decision process time lines effort financial aspects etc: I make this post because someone will post an emigration thread every few days and it is the same situn in evry one. Please no name calling no debate. Just useful information.. [Serious]Is there any truth to the claim that doctors suggest C Sections more often because of the revenue it brings in: I hear it a lot but I really am no one to judge. Can someone who is in the medical field share their opinions. [CMV] Change My View I think the IMD Scientist has done nothing wrong legally in complaining against the cook for hiding her caste: Hoping for a CMV style debate https//np.reddit.com/r/changemyview/ and not the usual downvotes. Reference https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6ys92u/npimdscientistlodgescheatingcaseagainstcook/ I think this situation is the same as someone rightfully complaining about Nonveg food being served under Vegetarian tag green symbol. Id like to hear why you think otherwise. . [CMV] Change My View I think the IMD Scientist has done nothing wrong legally in complaining against the cook for hiding her caste: [removed]. Indias burgeoning youth are the worlds future. A historic moment The Supreme Courts landmark judgment elevating the right to privacy as a fundamental right is a significant reminder of Indias republican values and their relevance to all classes of people.. What specifically are the important papers you should take with you when evacuating your home because of a disaster: Copied from personalfinance. However I want an Indian perspective since many of those answers were related to US.. My first electronic music production.:  Click below to listen https//youtu.be/0tasxNNHdM Hey guys my name is Julian I am an Experimental Music Producer from Bangalore. This is my first ever Single produced by me. Please do share your feedback. I am Incorporatimg different influences of music with no fixed Genre in mind. I have no formal training in music production. Just learning stuff from the internet. Looking forward to making some good music. Hope you guys like it. Cheers Like support and share https//www.facebook.com/julianrahul https//soundcloud.com/julianrahul. Indian Captain Mithali Raj Trolled On Twitter For Her Indecent Dressing. Railway ignoring derailment warnings. Why India should shelter Rohingyas at any cost Indias idea was and should remain every religion is true every path leads to the same destination.. Sumana Nandy Journalist at Arnab Goswamis Republic Tv resigns after differences in handling Gauri Lankeshs murder news. [Reddiquette] An easy way to do Ganpati Visarjan at your home in an ecofriendly way.. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 49: [removed]. How Our Institutions Are Pushing Survivors Of Sexual Violence To Suicide. 800 million required to eliminate measles by 2020 from India south east Asia WHO. What does Pakistan do better than India : I know terrorism is going to be the most common answer but come on they should be doing something which is genuinely good better than India. I feel Pakistan is a lot more cleaner than India but it can be due to less population density. Islamabad is so green and beautiful . Gauri Lankesh My Ex My Best Friend By Chidanand Rajghatta. [R] Can someone explain the Rohingya situation in Myanmar and Indias decision to deport Rohingya refugees from a neutral pov. Why tree planting is not the answer Experts question Jaggis shallow Rally for Rivers. Another day another Gangrape of Foreign Woman in India: Uzbek Woman is Gangraped in Delhi http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/uzbekwomangangrapedincarindelhi/articleshow/60385397.cms What is GangRaping in India this case its 2 men but many 45 Men.. Another day another Gangrape of Foreign Woman in India: [deleted]. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 48: [removed]. Madhubani Peacock. Playlists of Popular and old Indian TV shows on Youtube/Hotstar: I have compiled a playlist of some of the favorite Indian TV shows feel free to suggest some if you find. I will update the list if I find something new. [Malgudi Days]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLBnV0cOaQVrqdWwZPWMFPjCEBjs0XfQX Shaktimaan [playlist 1]https//www.youtube.com/watchvOgrZ2ofIcT8amplistPL498A263D4D50AD43 [playlist 2]https//www.youtube.com/watchv6MZFCRJ6nTkamplistPLC4HvdWrkHme4veUzveu0mm8UacjXC9 [playlist 3]https//www.youtube.com/watchvBDYMCmBZUWMamplistPLC4HvdWrkHmdmMOjV9rltUCke6FzJcvNR [Flop Show]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLMDEG1A568ho1Pvn6dkdLqmBTTecT9El [Byomkesh Bakshi]https//www.youtube.com/watchvUYUWwYIPE0EamplistPL5ED51571F122FB76 [Bharat Ek Khoj]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL1EG23oYcaFu6SNAiofd0uco0sD0JeVji [Chankya]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL14A74E6328E202AA [Dekh Bahi Dekh]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL736648C2016C16F9 [Mungerilal Ke Haseen Sapne ]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLot6SxtAgmwSuZVPxX9h1dkX1N9m4ET3 Playlist contains some random videos as well [Captain Vyom]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLwMNlhB9pzRqLAt2FVpoRVxpB7XUX2kIz [Captain House]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL100BC1727F640390 [Star Best Seller]http//www.hotstar.com/tv/starbestsellers/5813 [Sarabhai vs Sarabhai]http//www.hotstar.com/tv/sarabhaivssarabhaitake2/523 [Fauji]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistELChSPJhRP4Qo [Office Office]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL1xjgOmFgTaT4zTRZE4t7yJXA1tCGIQTI [Wagle Ki duniya]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLFFKZZGAlUGzZyGjlsqIGnK8BXDGwGy [Raja and Rancho]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLIhvrpwTgKyqLWNZ5RHoYJ2EMTqiIPl1a [Zabaan Sambhaal ke ]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL058KYRnhLpeAnD0VKyuQozzMPt2JQfD Edit 1 [Hum Paanch]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL7r4CO0Vl2dJCsnZfrG4YtiuScF7sq7YO [Tehkikaat]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLrjaG9TUwzTt25w5BkvFkTxXqBoFHMlx [Alif Laila]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLjIBk4WSQlY4Cf1egP0JoBvsr23gYEsOv [Shrimaan Shrimati]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLn69keDbw1LEVMEi3mW7VCOuKGLCFi [Vikram aur Betaal]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLjIBk4WSQlY5nAR8ju12NNtXZpCtG3xU [Buniyaad]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLU0UnuyJbPAqj64UZcdX3771RmgXisem [Hip hip hurray]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLmdPzlEXdS7VZ4TWcu9940TRwU6ZILxc [Jai Hanuman]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLxAeSrqQeWdVRBmLQEbmrzPnGrgADaNFw Edit 2 [Ramyan]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLnbe4FPvDBElyW0Iww5suxJqqmuGBgIH [Mahabharata ] https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLtaXzxVKKfFBCfR4xhJHu4YmuPVKkMf [Ssshhhh...Koi Hai Season 3]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL4KGRcM5aNwR0ORhO4HrC4fAyqMuJ8sin [Khichdi]http//www.hotstar.com/tv/khichdi/1648 [Shaka Laka Boom Boom]http//www.hotstar.com/tv/shakalakaboomboom/9580 [The Great Indian Laughter Series]http//www.hotstar.com/tv/thegreatindianlaughterseries/458 [CID]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLzWvohriH7zktTLGwLZntqA8TFtWyt9W Edit 3 [Hum Sab EK hai]http//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL1788E4F3A1EECFB1 [Aahat]https//www.sonyliv.com/search/Aahat [FIR]https//www.sonyliv.com/details/show/4682167188001/FIR [Yes Boss]https//www.sonyliv.com/details/show/4682656178001/YesBoss [Lapataganj Ek Baar Phir]https//www.sonyliv.com/details/show/4682656179001/LapataganjEkBaarPhir [Mano ya naa Mano Zeetv]http//www.ozee.com/shows/manoyanamano [Hip Hip Hurray]http//www.ozee.com/shows/hiphiphurrayseason2 Edit 4 [Amaravathi ki kathayen ]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPLaoCZPQnPqlrIxJ3CvL0ylvPTirJ2BRo [Mano ya naa Mano Starone ]https//www.youtube.com/playlistlistPL3591D63730090E09 Thanks for the gold fellow Redditor Im just trying to give back to this awesome community. Request to mods please make it a sticky post if possible so that more suggestion can come. . How can we strengthen freedom of speech and expression in India: [deleted]. Pastor rapes 12yearold girl in Chittoor district. Another Blue Whale game victim rescued from Jodhpur lake. India BBC News and Rape BBC is obsessed with Rape in India.: Iam following BBC since 2 years I cannot count how many times rape stories BBC covers from India. it well surpasses 100 times in last 2 years. BBC also covers Crime in India like no other world outlet. BBC is mindbogglingly obsessed with India and Rape like no other News outlet is. I have come to conclusion there is some kind of policy somebody is deliberately driving it. In contrast i also seen BBC coverage of China in 2 years almost no rape stories except once in 2 years crime maybe 34 times more focused on censorship youth changing habits Business extensively coverage World relations etc. This really really matter extensive coverage of crime in India by BBC because BBC is worlds most powerful News media Outlet. Here how it works BBC covers a crime story from India almost once in 2 days gt then other News media like Dailymail 34 prominent Britsh media picksup gt next global EU Russia even US media picks the same stories within 1224 hrs. Its almost like a obligation.. Section 377 SC to start hearing. Playlists of popular Indian TV shows available on Youtube/Hotstar.: [deleted]. AK47 found on naxal killed in Chhattisgarh encounter. OHE van derails near Dantewada Naxal hand suspected. Today is Kshamavani in Jainism: On this days jains apologize to everyone for forgiveness for anything wrong theyve done. I would like to take this opportunity to apologize anyone who Ive hurt or angered on this subreddit.. A 1792 map of Bengaluru shows how 200 years of bad planning is hurting the city. RIP Gauri Lankesh. Flair Suggestion r/india needs more Flairs.: [removed]. [Flair Suggestion] r/india needs more Flairs.: [removed]. Senior journalist Gauri Lankesh shot dead at her house: [deleted]. [Serious][np] CAs of Reddit. lets clarify GST.: Lets discuss GST and settle once and for all some misconceptions and doubts that people might be having.. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 47: [removed]. Suggest some good books on Bangals Naxal movement of the 70s.: [removed]. Life is F.U.B.A.R. Need Advice.: recently i graduated in civil engineering with 23 backlogs if we consider multiple attempts. not just that but it took me 5 years to finish no detention instead of 4 because i had a backlog pending. my 12th standard score is also poor. my primary aim is to go abroad for studies and eventually settle there so i worked really hard and scored 8.5 bands L9 R9 S 8.5 W7 overall in IELTS academic.i meet a few overseas agents but i was not satisfied with their abrupt answers. my primary destination is canada since i hv a cousin there but i am also considering other options. i hv been researching the shit out of everything but my conscience is too cloudy. if you have any tips or suggestions regarding my education career choices abroad or not etc. i would be thankful. one more thing this is my first post on reddit so forgive me if i hv made a mistake.. Following up on South Indian College starter pack dedicating this to all the North Indian girls out there.. Let discuss Blue Whale: [deleted]. Just Like Old Days Credits Google Plus. India Loses 10 Billion Every Year To Climate Change Report. India could become an importer of oilseed pulses and milk.. What can be done if a restaurant is charging 18 GST plus 10 Service charge and 5 VAT [NP] [Serious]: [deleted]. india need not fear the lashkaretoiba jaishemohammad vishwa hindu parishad ram sena peoples war group or any other terror group. the biggest threat to the youth of india is...: ...our very own tax departments. if there is anyone solely responsible for destroying the entrepreneurial spirit of our fresh graduates it is the supremely complex tax structures and the outrageously greedy tax officers. it is hard enough to get a business up and running but it is even harder to keep it running when the officers of each and every department are basically looking to collect enough to settle their own children in europe or US. and mark my words the new gst law has so many gray areas for so many businesses that our tax officers are going to have a windfall in bribes settling these matters. . Help me get a person back on his feet [R]: Hey Randians I know this person who recently lost both his legs. Now he was a bus driver before he lost his legs and now he feels that he has hit rock bottom because hes got no way to help his family. What kind of jobs do you think he can do He has only studied till 4th. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 46: [removed]. Taj Mahal Alongside Yamuna River its lt3. [R] NRIs which money service do you use to send money back to India: Tired of using ICICI who keep messing it up.. Rabindranath Tagore filmed reciting the National Anthem of India. After studying for more than 4 years in South India heres a quick starter pack for it.. Stop treating fake spiritual leaders with kid gloves. ELI5 I have been hearing good and bad about the InterLinking of River and Rally for River Campaign Can someone ELI5 on this campaign and their position . I have been hearing good and bad about the InterLinking of River and Rally for River Campaign Can anyone someone ELI5 on this campaign and their opinion on this : [deleted]. ELI5 I have been hearing good and bad about the InterLinking of River and Rally for River Campaign Can anyone someone ELI5 on this campaign and their position : [deleted]. Indian media be like Pakistan Bharat Kashmir eat sleep repeat.: [deleted]. News broadcasters authority asks Zee News to pay fine air apology for 2016 report. LIVE BRICS Summit. r/india a female friends needs help. Her husband is kicking her out: Hey r/India. A female friend is in desperate need of help. She is a house wife married to a guy for over 56 years. Things have been topsy turvy and her husband left the country a couple of months ago while she was still staying in their rented house. Yesterday the society has told her that the husband gave a 30 day notice to the society to empty the house there by kicking her out. He also has frozen all their joint accounts so she doesnt even have any money. This sounds like a case of domestic violence. Not physical but definitely there should be some law that prevents a guy from kicking a woman out and throw her penniless on the street The girls parents passed away few years ago and she might have to go live in an orphanage if she isnt helped. Does anyone know any agencies that could help her out She is in Bangalore. If any one has a vacant room in their house that would greatly help too i can probably pay you a small rent for the duration she stays for. Edit She tried calling a lot of women shelter and even 1091. No one responds to those numbers. She is talking to the police lets see how that works out. In the meantime if you are willing to give a temporary accommodation or are just knowledgeable to be able to guide her on phone please inbox me ur number such that I could pass it along to her. Edit2 She went to the police station and they asked her to come later because the officer in charge wasnt there Can they do that What kind of police station doesnt lodge an FIR report from a woman in distress. Seriously . 5yearold girl killed in Indian firing along LoC. Who the hell is this Randian police. Where can i find alif laila episode 10: Im unable to find alif Laila episode 10 due to copyright issues on you tube . Thanks.. How to become a nonrapist Baba in India [R]: [deleted]. In Kerala Despite Sanghs Efforts to Project it as Hindu Festival Story of Onam Prevails. Recreating a childhood classic. Malai bread with chai. Lazy Sunday mornings. Whatchu eating for brekkie little randus.. Judiciary is accountable too PP Chaudhary. NRI looking for info on my family name.: [deleted]. The NEET Solution By endorsing NEET Supreme Court comes to the aid of aspiring medical students[OLD]. Madras Famine in India in 1876. [OLD]The death of TNPCEE and along with it engineering standards. Whats the best office chair available in India under 15k: Id like to get something with adjustable back height and arms. Ive seen Featherlite Anatom which looks good. Im looking for other options. Also if you know a good chair shop in Bangalore thatd also be good.. [R] Are you skeptical about Aadhar You may want to take a look at this.: A friend of mine has started up and he has launched a channel on YouTube called Crux. which publishes short informational videos on various topics. His inspiration is John Oliver. I suggested he post it to r/India since we are basically the type of people who would be his target audience. Please take a look a his channel here and provide your feedback his first video was on Aadhar and he has made a bunch more after that including on Ram Rahim and Marital Rape. https//www.youtube.com/channel/UC7yib7h7prx6QhzvtN9B3g/featured Cheers and Thanks. Redditors of Hyderabad need some help.: I am new to your city. Few days ago i talked to my roomate for first time about his family and all where he told me that he dont have anyone in his family and he is all by himself. His professors helped him to apply for this university as this is one of the cheapest universities in india he was able to pay his fees from his part time job savings during his undergrad but here he dont have any source of income. Me and my friends helped him in getting some basic stuff but then we also have to save from our pocket money. So is there is anyone who can help him finding a part time job He is doing MA in Hindi. . Halo fellow Indonesians Cultural exchange with r/indonesia: Hey folks Today were having a cultural exchange with the lovely people over at /r/indonesia. This thread is for people from /r/indonesia to come over and ask us questions about India. Feel free to flair yourself from the sidebar we have textbased flairs and continental flags so get creative if you want to. /r/indonesia will also be hosting a thread for us to ask them questions and talk to them [right here]https//www.reddit.com/r/indonesia/comments/6xki56/weekendbilateralchatculturalexchangethread/. Feel free to go ask them stuff you guys can flair yourselves too. This goes without saying but please be civil. It goes without saying that you must respect the rules of the subreddit you are participating in. Enjoy [[Link to r/indonesia thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/indonesia/comments/6xki56/weekendbilateralchatculturalexchangethread/]. Why Indias official crime rate figures are unreliable: [deleted]. Please [R]ecommend a good phone: Because of GST business has gone belly up and i have just 15k to spend for a phone. Please recommend a good phone My requirement is to get something close to stock android experience with an okayish camera. Shortlisted phones Redmi Note 4 Moto g5s. Any help is greatly appreciated. . Could anyone please recommend a site/YT channel for listening to some good clean Bhojpuri songs Thanks.. Anna Hazares open letter to the Prime Minister of India on the appointment of Lokpal and Lokayukta farmers issues etc. source in comments: To Honorable Mr. Narendra Modi Prime Minister Government of India Raisina Hill New Delhi 110011 Subject To appoint Lokpal and Lokayukta to take the right decision on various strong anticorruption bills and to implement farmers issues as per the recommendations of the Swami Nathan Committee Report I intend to hold an agitation in Delhi Honorable Sir Dreaming of a corruptionfree India there was a historic citizen agitation across the country steered from Ramlila Maidan in 2011. Seeing the impact of this agitation the Parliament on 27th August 2011 had passed the resolution in the Sense of the House session. In which the central government would frame at the earliest laws of appointment of Lokpal and Lokayukta as well as a Citizen Charter. On the basis of this resolution the central government had given a written assurance and with that hope I concluded my agitation on 28th August. As a sequel to this resolution and the historic event which enthused the citizens with hope a good six years have passed by. However even after six years not a single Law pertaining to anticorruption has been implemented. Distressed with this situation I am writing this letter to you. After your government came to power for three consecutive years I have communicated to you regarding appointment of Lokpal and Lokayukta through my letters dated 28/08/2014 18/10/2014 01/01/2015 01/01/2016 19/01/2017 and 28/03/2017. However there has been no reply form you regarding action on the same. In order that corruption should be curtailed the citizens of this country had held a peaceful agitation in Ram Lila Maidan for the establishment of the law appointing Lokpal and Lokayukta. At that time crores of people had come out on the streets from scores of villages towns and cities. Because lives of citizens has become miserable due to largescale corruption that directly affects their lives. Children from schools and youths from colleges had also come out on the streets. For the firsttime since Independence such a large number of people had come out on the streets to campaign against corruption. This entire agitation was done peacefully without any violence. During the agitation lakhs of people came on the streets but not one person threw a stone. Hence this agitation was talked about respectfully in various countries across the world. Perceiving the nature of this agitation as one of public empowerment the then government passed the law for appointment of Lokpal and Lokayukta in the Rajya Sabha on 17th December 2013 and in the Loksabha on 18th December 2013. It was passed by absolute majority in both the houses. After that on 1st January 2014 the President of India signed the law to make it into an Act. At that time the opposition leaders of both the houses had supported the bill. Thereafter on 26th May 2014 your party came into power. Since then Ive been writing to you for three years for the implementation of the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act. After the Lokpal agitation the citizens with great hope elected the new government under your leadership. It was necessary to give the government some time for due implementation of the Acts. Keeping this in mind I kept sending you various letters on this issue as reminders. Neither have you implemented the same or taken any action on my letters. Nor have you had a dialogue on this issue or spoke about Lokpal and Lokayukta in your Man ki Baat. Before coming to power you had assured the citizens of India that You will give priority to make India corruptionfree. Now also through large scale advertisements you convey to the public that for the making of New India it is necessary to take a pledge to stand against corruption. However now also in every State no work of a citizen is done without giving money. Implying that without corruption issues directly related to citizens has not decreased. With the implementation of the Lokpal and Lokayukta Law 5060 of corruption can be curbed. Yet you are not implementing this law. To curb corruption along with Lokpal and Lokayukta Act laws like the Right to Reject and Right to Recall will help in curbing corruption. However you are silent on these laws too. The Prevention of Bribery of Foreign Public officials and Officials of Public International Organization Bill 2011 Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill 2012 The Prevention of Money Laundering Amendment Bill The Public Procurement Bill 2012 are bills that will curtail corruption but are pending for 45 years in the Parliament. The then government had brought in this bill four years back. You are neither speaking nor doing anything about this delay. In order to curb corruption and to strengthen democracy decentralization of power is very essential. In order to decentralize power it is necessary to bring in Law that will strengthen the power of the Gramsabha. The village itself is the owner of its resources. There should be a law that the water forest and land of the village should not to be taken without the permission of the Gram Sabha. The power of the secretariat should be in the hands of the peoplethat is true democracy. However despite writing letters to you for three years you have kept mum. Then how can India become corruption free It is not in mere making of pledges in front of the public but in wresting rights in the hands of the people that India will become corruptionfree. The Right to Information Act is one such example. The most distressing fact is that despite there being such provision in the law you are not appointing Lokpal and Lokayukta. The Supreme Court has time and again directed you to appoint Lokpal and Lokayukta but your government is still not doing so despite the fact that this would curb corruption. At one end you are appointing CBI Chief without the existence of the opposition leader and at the other end you are giving the excuse of not appointing the Lokpal and Lokayukta on the pretext that the opposition leader does not exist. This is most unfortunate. It is surprising that you are giving excuses to appoint Lokayukta and Lokpal. Because in the Lokpal and Lokayukta Law it is not mandatory to have the opposition leaders consent. Even then in these three years no State Government which is run by you has appointed Lokpal and Lokayukta. In States where opposition parties have formed the government there are no appointments of Lokpal and Lokayukta but it is unfortunate that the appointments have not been made in States that are ruled by your party. This makes it clear that you do not have the will to appoint Lokpal and Lokayukta. There is a gap between your talks and your action. Then how can India become corruptionfree Isnt it a humiliation for the Parliament which passed the law the President of India who signed it and for the citizens who campaigned for it through large scale of agitations What is surprising Is that of course there is no appointment of Lokpal and Lokayukta in the States where opposition parties are ruling but even in States run by your party no Lokpal or Lokayukta have been appointed. In the Agriculture dominated country India farmers are committing suicide every day. I have written to you several times on giving farmers prices as per their costs but I have not received any reply from you nor have you implemented recommendations of the Swami Nathan Committee Report. Since the last few days farmers in various states like Tamilnadu Andhra Pradesh Telangana Haryana and Rajasthan are coming together and agitating. However you do not seem to be having any compassion for farmers woes. It is clear from this that you have done these amendments not in the interest of the nation and its people but in the interest of party and business owners. This is indeed unfortunate. It has been clearly noticed over the last three years that you have no compassion in your heart for the grievances of the farmers of the country. Had it been the case you would have made provision while making the amendments allowing the companies to give any amounts as donations to farmers instead of political parties. Had you done this it would have strengthened our democracy and restored faith that poverty will be eliminated. It would have provided justice to poor farmers. However your failure to do so proves that you have no compassion for the poor and farmers. Over the last 42 years the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bill was tabled before the Parliament on several occasions but could not be passed. However the Peoples Parliament of the nation awakened in August 2011 and the government had to promulgate the Lokpal and Lokayukta Act. Your government has been disrespecting public sentiments in this regard too. Therefore now the time has come to awaken the voters who are the owners of this country. An awakened voter is the foundation of democracy. Instead your government while using some of the amendments you have made while incorporating the Finance Bill 2017 in the Money Bill as illustrations. I shall elaborate on the remaining amendments publically at the time of the agitation. Earlier there was provision that enabled any company to donate 7.5 per cent of the money earned as profits by it over a period of three years to political parties. However now you have made amendment and removed the limit of 7.5 per cent and made provision that any company can donate any amount to political parties. The limit for giving donations to political parties have been removed for political parties. Because of this not democracy but Party machinery will become stronger. If you were truly concerned about farmers and poor people then you would have done proper research of this Law and stated that any amount of donation can be given not to political parties but to the farmers and the poor people. That would have made democracy strong and it would have provided justice to the farmers and poor people. However it is very clear that you do not have the innate compassion for the poor and for the farmers. If you really want to solve the issues of the farmers then implementing the Swami Nathan Committee Report you would have ensured proper prices for the farmers produce as per the cost and in order to ensure security to farmers and laborers it is essential to have a pension scheme. Citizens have been campaigning for political parties to come under Right to Information Act. Supreme Court too has given clear directives. If you firmly believe in transparency then it is essential to introspect on political parties coming under the RTI Act. In order to decentralize power it is necessary to bring in Law that will strengthen the power of the Gramsabha. To curb corruption along with Lokpal and Lokayutta Act laws like the Right to Reject and Right to Recall will help in curbing corruption. It is also necessary to bring in laws for womens equality. How can you talk of womens equality just by putting up posters In order to curb corruption and to strengthen democracy decentralization of power is very essential. The village itself is the owner of its resources. There should be a law that the water forest and land of the village should not to be taken without the permission of the Gram Sabha. The power of the secretariat should be in the hands of the peoplethat is true democracy. If you give the power in the hands of the citizens then democracy will be strengthened. When the public parliament wakes up there would be a logical end to the issues of Lokpal Lokayukta farmers problems and other issues. I am confident about that. Earlier on 28th March 2017 I had written a letter to you that if you do not implement the Lokpal and Lokayukta Law then my next letter would be about holding another agitation in Delhi. It is in reference with that letter that I have decided to launch an agitation for the betterment of the society and the nation. I have been doing agitations since 35 years. However I have my agitations were never against any political group party or any particular individual. My only mission for doing agitations is for the betterment of the society and nation. Since the last three years I have been reminding the government about the appointment of Lokpal and Lokayukta and of farmers receiving appropriate prices for their produce. However you have not replied to my letters nor have you taken any action on these issues. Hence I have decided to hold an agitation in Delhi. Until for the larger public interest the above issues are not addressed through implementation of the same I will relentlessly continue my agitation. You shall be informed about my date and venue of my agitation in my next letter. Jai Hind Yours Sincerely Anna Hazare. Explainer How NEET has exposed the standard of science education in Tamil Nadu. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 45: [removed]. [R]ediquette Does anyone have any experience regarding bedsore prevention mattresses in India..: Hi.. I want to buy this bedsore prevention mattress for one of my relatives who has been rendered bedridden for quite a while now. Has anyone bought it before.. Which companies are good.. Is an air mattress better than a water mattress.. Is the improvement in the quality of life sufficient enough to warrant its purchase.. Any more information would be helpful as well. Thanks... [Announcement] Cultural Exchange with r/indonesia on Saturday September 2nd 130 PM IST: Greetings everyone This is to announce that we are having a cultural exchange with r/indonesia tomorrow September 2nd 2017 130 PM IST. Heres how a cultural exchange works if you dont know The moderators of /r/india will make a post on /r/india welcoming our guests from Indonesia and they may participate and ask any question or observation as they see fit. There will be an equivalent thread made by the moderators over at /r/indonesia where you are encouraged to participate and know more about Indonesian culture. It goes without saying that you must respect the rules of the subreddit you are participating in. We hope this turns out to be a genuinely fun experience for all of us . Mediocrity Is a Virus. Heres How to Banish It Completely. Why is aadhar not on hold if it is up for a hearing: My company says it got mandate from PF department that aadhar card has to be linked with UAN. Anybody got similar messages. Isnt aadhar hearing delayed till december then why is it being shoved down till then why cant supreme court stop this bullshit until after the hearing. What can i tell company HRs if i dont wanna get aadhar card. Unleashing The Forgotten Billion Of India. Aadhar mandatory for PF UAN: [removed]. [R]WTF ICICI Just got a Aadhaar related message from ICICI saying Dear Customer As per statutory guidelines if Aadhaar number is not updated in bank records operaions in account shall cease w.e.f. January 012018.: [deleted]. Caught on camera Teacher of Lucknows St. John Vianney High School slaps student 40 times for not standing up on attendance call. Allahabad airport may get new terminal before Jan 2019 Ardh Kumbh. Guys who married girls older than them how did it work out.. Building toilets not enough ensure that people use them says study. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 44: [removed]. Do I need to link my AadhaarPAN even if I dont file ITR: Will my PAN card be still valid post August 31st if I dont link both . Dawood Ibrahim may be in Pakistan but why should we assist India in finding him says Musharraf. Birth Control pills Not iPill [NP] [AskIndia] [Serious]: So I was wondering if there are any birth control pills available in India. A recent one I came across has been Unwanted 21 by Mankind Pharma. Vidya Balan is endorsing it. But my questions are regarding the safety of these over emergency contraceptives like iPill. Can someone who has used these pills shed some light Edit Yes iPill is an emergency contraceptive pill. Thanks for correcting my nomenclature . Give me 50 days burn me alive if Im wrong.. Mumbaispend Now you can track how Mumbai spends its money. Do they need ID at Comic Con [R]: Comic Con is at least one month away and Im thinking of attending it. but I dont want to register under my real name and phone number plan to use a fake name and a friends no.. Those who have been to Comic Con before do they check your id or in anyway need to see verification of the same Do I need to prebook tickets or can I buy on the day or two before the event Will the ticket have my name Sorry for the weird shit but please try to cooperate... Thanks.. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 43: [removed]. The Success Rate Of Indian Students Getting Accepted In UK Universities Is Over 90 Percent. [R] Photo of sunset resembling the Indian flag taken on the India/Nepal border.: [deleted]. A dark trade Rape videos for sale in India 31 OCTOBER 2016. [R]Mumbai drowns in 468 mm of rain Why concretised Indian cities are struggling with extreme rainfall. Private hospitals in Karnataka in a fix over lack of clarity on new health card scheme. The Bombay Canteen offering Free Chai Biscuits amp WiFi to stranded Mumbaikars: For those people stranded in Lower Parel [The Bombay Canteen]https//www.instagram.com/p/BYXQ8UBSli/takenbythebombaycanteen is offering free shelter plus refreshments for free.. How do I/we deal with racism: Theres a lot of stereotypes some have a little truth when it comes to Indian people. Ive managed to ignore it but its starting to frustrate me and lower my selfesteem and Im not smart enough for a proper roast/clapback. Stereotypes such as Curry Shitting on the streets Sand monkey IT Microsoft support Taxi driver hotel operator 711 worker worship cows mocking me in an Indian accent I dont even have an Indian accent as a lot of people are shocked when they hear me speak and they say wow how come you dont have an Indian accent and the most trendy and recent one open bob and vagene Theres more that Ill add when I can recall them for now this will do. . [R] Tech enthusiasts of r/India help me out in making a decision about a smartphone: As you all must know Moto G5s plus was launched yesterday and it has some great specs for the price it is being offered. Its exactly the same price as Moto G5 plus but better in specs. The problem is Ive already ordered a G5 plus from Amazon and I am thinking of cancelling it. Moto G5s plus is newly launched and cant risk buying a phone without reading its reviews. This is my first time buying a phone online. So any experience of cancelling orders on Amazon I might cancel it. Amazon on the other hand says that cancellation cant be guaranteed. Im a bit confused. Please help. PS This phone is for my mother as her bday is on 1st Sept and the phone is going to arrive on that day itself. Ive bought this phone from my first salary and I want it to be a good one. TLDR Moto G5s plus launched Ordered G5 plus both of them are priced equally G5s has great specs confused. . India Land of Three seasons with Floods and Drought: What can be done. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 42: [removed]. [R] Mumbai Rains LIVE CM advises Mumbaikars to stay home on Wednesday. Is downloading pirated content through p2p Mega amp streaming on ipTVCcloud safe in India: Pardon me if this question was asked but one of my relative working at an Indian ISP told me that these days almost 100 internet traffic is under surveillance in India. ISPs with huge subscribers like Jio BSNL etc. offering unlimited internet data usage plans these days amp with value for money offers just to track us Is our private data mined through their network just to fill their pockets Intrusive advertising is being abused heavily on almost any Indian website and cell phones And many pirate heavily through p2pthat to with utorrent as their client p. Are we sacrificing our privacy The most hurtful part of it is people laugh when I warn them about such issues You will see this in the comments below soon I have taken some great preventions as stated below just to be safe I use a good VPN at my router level. Replaced google with duckduckgo I have no social media accounts except reddit. ublock origin you know what it does I use great browser extensions to prevent ipleak or dnsleak. Are we heading in a wrong direction as far as internet freedom is concerned. r/India How much do you make/earn monthly in salary: For a research project. Thanks. Need Recommendation for reading purposes Kindle EReader 6 vs. Kindle PaperWhite 6 vs. iPad Mini : I read a lot of books mostly at night before sleep. Which one would be better for me Also there is a price difference of 4k b/w eReader and paperwhite while both seem to have same kind of features. Paperwhite also offers 3G which I dont need anyway. So I was thinking may be I should settle for Kindle eReader 6 which cost just Rs. 6k. Also please note I need an gadget which doesnt fuck up with my eyes. I switch off my room light and then start reading. I have twilight installed in my lappy for the same purpose now I am thinking its time for getting a reading gadget.. What happens to the land and wealth of Babas who go to jail. What happens to the land and wealth of Babas who go to jail: [removed]. Skimming the shallows. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 41: [removed]. Corruption biggest worry cant trust robots Millennials. NIA finds a common mentor in Kerala love jihad cases. We should start a protest / movement to encourage the middle class to emigrate. India is a pathetic country for the tax paying middle class. You get nothing and are constantly screwed over by everyone.: [removed]. [R]andians who emigrated what was the tipping point for you When did you say enough is enough: [removed]. So today I got to experience the convenience of Adhaar.[P][Serious]: Got a mail from my secondary bank that the tax refund for the previous year has been credited to my primary bank. The mailer had the account number of my primary bank along with the amount refunded. I have been declaring these two accounts in my tax returns from quite some time but I never received a detailed mailer like this from my secondary bank before. What can I expect next Will my secondary bank have a separate ledger for all my transaction in other banks . Houston has received more rainfall in last 24 hours than what Delhi has received in this entire monsoon season: [Houston is currently hit by Hurricane Harvey. Some regions in last 24 hours have received 16 inch/ 400mm of rainfall.]https//www.theguardian.com/usnews/live/2017/aug/28/exhurricaneharveyhoustonfloodedascatastropheunfoldsintexaslatestupdates [Delhi has received 325 mm in this monsoon season.]https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DHpYDqcUQAAsTPY.jpg Another interesting tidbit Worst regions of Houston have received 30 inches/ 760mm rain in the last 3 days. This is similar to what our flooded region of northern Bihar has received this monsoon season. . Hey guys im new here. We are a INDIAN COUPLE. And i want to interact with you guys . So keep commenting i want to know you guys . NoSpamming. In Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singhs dera a separate monetary system. Dera spokespersons Aditya Insan Dhiman Insan booked for sedition. Indian women are paving the way for social reforms. [R] Need help guys: Im a 25 year old media graduate and I have my own advertising firm in Mumbai. I earn close to Rs.2 lac per month and have a little over 60 lacs in savings. I really want to move out of India and settle down in a safer country with better standards of living. It doesnt necessarily need to be a big city.I wish to live a quite peaceful life. I have a personal reason for moving out of the country and the other reason being BJP. What country/place would be a good choice Is it possible to move there within 5 years from now with my current income how easy will it be to get a citizenship will my Indian origin blend in with the local population. Who is Honeypreet Insan the woman with Ram Rahim in a helicopter shot that went viral. BJPruled states Assam MP divided on selection of trial court judges. Boeing Contemplates Big Benefits From Indias Aviation Boom. Safe to travel to Noida tomorrow: Hi I reside in Faridabad. I have an exam in the morning tomorrow at Noida Sector 16. Can someone who resides in Noida let me know if it is safe to travel to Noida My exam is from 9 am to 1 pm. Ill taking an Uber in the morning planning to take metro in the afternoon.. There should be an independent regulatory body in India to oversee the activities of these deras babas sects etc.: Is it not about time for that How many more victims of these fraud babas needed to take some long term action How are these cult followers any different from terrorists separatists and antisocial elements in our society There should be an autonomous institution or a tribunal to keep an eye on the inside activities happening behind these closed doors of deras and other sects without directly interfering with their activities. what do you think . Beware Of These 4 Propaganda Narratives Over Panchkula Violence. [R] Need help from SEO experts with a task based on Link Building: So I have this task where Im supposed to establish how Link building is an important tool for a medical app called MyTherapy https//www.mytherapyapp.com So basically I need help with Identifying 5 different target sites to approach for link building. With an example of each type. Along with the reason why each of the targets should give a link. Thanks. Dipak Misra to become the next Chief Justice of India. Why India is seeing a fresh wave of global innovation centres. After denial the admission Love Jihad a reality in Kerala. watch white mouse activities. Coal India workers get 20 per cent wage hike after prolonged bargaining. When can a State be put under Presidents Rule: I have a few questions here Under what circumstances can an Indian state be put under Presidents Rule Who or which entity decides that a state is to be put under Presidents Rule If a state is under Presidents Rule then when can elections be held to elect a new government I am asking these questions with respect to the Haryana Governments handling of the recent violence in the State.. [R] Questions regarding the victims of yesterdays violence: [deleted]. Why 95 of Indias skilled women get job offers but dont accept it. Which egg is it that i found in south india in grass [Serious]: [deleted]. Dera Sacha Sauda Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh stunned after court verdict Prosecutor. The Constitution refreshed In upholding privacy the Supreme Court has squared up to some of its most regressive judgments. We are celebrating the festival of Ganesh Chaturthi in Maharashtra. Its a wonderful time full of joy and prayers.. What is it with Indian godmen and sexual offenses Not including criminal offenses for now: I was reading about selfstyled godmen like Ram Rahim and was struck by how many of them have been charged with sexual offences. Sexual offenses committed by religious leaders are not peculiar to India or Hinduism. The Church has been struggling with innumerable child molestation cases across the world including India. Surely Muslim clerics too have been found guilty of sexual offenses. What sets India apart is the unimaginable irrational cult status and the political clout that these religions leaders enjoy with some godmen boasting of private armies comprised of thousands of people and direct connections with national leaders even including PMs and Presidents. Here is a list of some of some of the famous cases [Swami Sree Hari / Gangesanantha Teerthapadar 2017 ]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/tiredofrapekeralawomannearlycutsoffswamispenis4665808/ is associated with Panmana Chattambil Swamikal Asramam Kerala. Fed up with repeated rapes a girl cut his penis off. The 54yearold swami who has links with the Hindu Aikya Vedi an umbrella organisation of Sangh Parivar outfits has been charged with rape and offences under the law against sexual abuse of children. The woman who has not been charged has been hailed as courageous by Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan. Asaram Bapu 2013 on August 20 2013 Asaram had raped the then 16yearold girl on the pretext of giving her his blessings at his ashram in Jodhpur. Narayan Sai 2013 Asarams son. Accused of rape and sexual assault. Sai is currently lodged in jail for the rape and assault of a woman at one of Asarams ashrams between 2002 and 2005. Sant Rampal 2014 Accused in a murder case and a treason case. According to a report in Mail Today he shared sexual relationships with select female followers whom he called sadhikayaen. The report claimed that one of the women a 27yearold used to live in Rampals sons room and was one of the few persons to have access to Rampals personal chamber. Swami Nithyananda 2010 The famous pornstar baba whose videos surfaced online.Nithyananda had defended himself at the time saying he was merely practising the shavasana at the time and that he was impotent and hence unable to achieve an erection rendering him unable to have intercourse with the woman. He was also accused of rape by a former disciple at his premises. Reports claim that when they searched his premises they found condoms drugs as well as other contrabands at his ashram. [Swami Premananda 1997] https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SwamiPremanandaguru had hairdo Satya Sai Baba. He was found guilty of raping 13 girls and sentenced to two consecutive life sentences. Maharishi Mahesh Yogi late 1960s The guru of Beatles. The two parted ways however as there were reports that the Yogi engaged in perverse actions and made sexual advances towards Mia Farrow. Their relationship soured with John Lennon later saying There is no guru. You have to believe in yourself. Youve got to get down to your own God in your own temple. Its all down to you mate. Swami Sadachari Spiritual advisor and tantric for leading politicians of his day including Indira Gandhi Swami Sadachari was arrested for running a brothel. So much Sadachaar Shreemurath Dwivedi Better known as Ichchadhari Sant Swami Bhimanand Maharaj Chitrakoot Wale he was your generic breed of godmen. But he was arrested for running a prostitution racket from his ashram. Godmen accused/convicted in criminal cases other than sexual offences Swami Om Associated with Hindu Mahasabha. Aside from his derogatory remarks on women appalling misogyny his vulgar videos dancing with naked girls his close aide has been [accused in sexual case.]http//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/exbiggbosscontestantswamiomsfrienddeniedbailinmolestationcase/557703/. He himself was kicked out of TV reality show Bigg Boss for misbehaving with fellow woman contestant. He was recently arrested in a theft charge and had at least a dozen other serious criminal cases against him. [Swami Shraddhananda 2005]http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/shakerehkhaleelimurderswamishraddhanandasentencedtodeathforkillingwife/1/193554.html a really gruesome case of murder in 1992. Chandraswami Once hailed as most powerful man in India died an anonymous death recently. This list includes only the famous godmen who grabbed headlines. There are surely numerous I believe hundreds other cases that go unnoticed by the media and the common people. Then there are others who personally entered into politics and the criminal cases against them got buried. If you can google you can find many of them doing pretty well in politics and business. Some sources http//indianexpress.com/article/india/predatorsintheguiseofgodmenalistofselfstyledgurusandtheirsexualassaultcontroversies4665328/ http//www.indiatimes.com/news/india/7indiangodmenwithsuperpowerswhogodcouldntsavefromprison228504.html. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 40: [removed]. What will happen with mob in light of todays incident: There was a mob of over a lakh today as the city witnessed one of its worst days. What will happen to the mob now Knowing that its not possible to punish over a lakh people will anything be done against these supporters who created a city wide havoc . Ram Rahims income With no need to pay taxes the selfstyled godmans earnings are unimaginable. [R] Happy Ganeshotsav to All: Bola GANPATI BAAPPAA...... How on earth does someone like Guru Ram Rahim Singh have such a cult following: I read about the issue today. Over a lakh of devotees have already gathered in Haryana many of them been there for 23 days. What has this person done to gather such a massive following in this country Why the hell cant people use their logic and how blindly can anyone follow him Im new to this topic so I barely know anything about him. I know in this country many of the people follow their gods blindly and put logic on a back seat but this persons case is too much. . SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 39: [removed]. Trains mobile internet services suspended in Punjab Haryana ahead of Dera case verdict: [deleted]. In light of [R]ecent evens in Chandigarh/Panchkula can someone explain why the Governments goto move is to shut down internet in times of social unrest: [removed]. Cgarh Cache of explosives recovered from Maoist hideout. Malnutrition alcoholism behind widespread TB in South India. Fraud malpractices plague Indias organic food products Icrier study. In Mamatas Bengal news channel banned as its Facebook page had offensive comments by people. Right to Privacy Judgement 547 pages READ. InEar earphones discussion: Which earphones do you use Would you recommend them to someone Alternatively which are your dream earphones. How does one stay away from jealousy: Friend buys whopping 50l car. No he does not earn its all father money. He is a good guy but loaded. If I had 50l right now would retire. Yeah my standards aint high right now. I am happy for him but how do you not get jealous like this. I have no career only a job.. Hours after SC ban man gives tripletalaq to pregnant wife. Right to privacy verdict a timeline of SC hearings. RightToPrivacy 9judge Supreme Court bench rules privacy is a Fundamental Right.: [deleted]. Small step no giant leap. Durga idol immersion will only be halted for 24 hours clarifies Mamata Banerjee. [R] Hey r/india freelancer needs some legal advice.: [removed]. Should a Judge With a Serious Moral Flaw Become the Chief Justice of India repost. Where is the military dictatorship in Pakistan: [deleted]. Eradicating child labour in India. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 38: [removed]. Two disabled Indian boys are rescued after being tied up naked to trees for FIVE YEARS by their own families to avoid problems. [Podcast by White Supremacists/Altright] The Darwin Digest Episode 48 The Near East and India. Lawye[R]s of r/india help me: My family operates a small saree trading company. Business was good a while back and we had a trader from Punjab who used to procure from us. After 2014. the guys stopped making payments and the amount that is stuck with is more than 40L now with total business done of around 75L. I have all the invoices transport details etc as is required to prove that hes received my goods. I am thinking of taking a legal route although Ive been told its going to be a civil case which can stretch upto 45 years and huge lawyer fees. I also have two cheques from him of Rs. 1L each which have been returned which Im told will go under section 138 and will come easily. Before anyone suggests no I dont have any politicians or gunda friends how can I get my money back. Guyswhats ur experiences in Tinder: [removed]. [Podcast by White Supremacists/Altright] The Darwin Digest Episode 48 The Near East and India: [deleted]. [Podcast by White Supremacists/Altright] The Darwin Digest Episode 48 The Near East and India: [deleted]. Boy caught in woman tutors sex trap in UP. Textbook of Pathology: [removed]. PSA What you can do about noise pollution [Courtesy Awaaz Foundation]. [SERIOUS] Doctors of /r/india what hand soap or surgical scrub is used in hospitals of India: In USA amp other foreign countries its well known that chlorohexidine glutonate 4 CHG 4 and povidine iodine pvp 7.5 are used as surgical hand soap /scrub / hand wash. Brand names like 3M Avagaurd Hibiclens Microshield etc are available. What is used in Indian hospitals as 1. A surgical hand wash 2. A general purpose hospital handwash. [SERIOUS]Doctors of r/india which hand wash or scrub is used in Indian hospitals and where can I buy them: [removed]. Delhi govt puts swine flu toll at 5 hospitals report over 40 deaths. Girl leaps off 7th floor in Chennai cops probe Blue Whale link. If they changed the title what the fuck are we supposed to do Cant help it if you post an article that is live we are just enforcing rules. Most you can do is repost it with the proper article and hope they dont change it again. our idiot moderators: [removed]. I am Indian living abroad and I want to move back home. I need your help and suggestions r/india.: [removed]. Muslims here Your thoughts on recent court ruling on triple talaq: I am not sure if it is a good or bad overall since I dont know how prevelant triple talaqs of this form are in the muslim community. Pls share your thoughts to educate the rest of us who might be unaware. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 37: [removed]. India to host worlds biggest antichild trafficking march. Need some career advice: Ok so heres the background. I competed my schooling in 2011. Then i enrolled for B.Sc honours in Physics in Hindu College Delhi University. Graduated in 2014. Things messed up from here. After my graduation just like when i passed out of school i had no idea what to do with my life or what my goals were. I never had any idea about what i wanted to become. Eventually someone convinced me to go for masters. I passed the entrance exam and started attending classes. M.Sc in Physics from Delhi University was no mean achievement in itself. But i was still not sure if that was what i really wanted to do lol. Fast forward to November 2014 i decided to drop out. I made up my mind that Id go for civil services. So i took coaching in delhi for about a year but couldnt write the prelims in 2015 because my preparation wasnt up to the mark. I skipped a year. Sat for prelims in 2016. Qualified. Wrote mains in dec. Didnt qualify. And now here i am. Qualified prelims 2017 and currently preparing for Mains. My preparation is better this time and Im no more confused between my goals. I really want foreign office. But the idea of having no backup sometimes scares me. So what do you think are some good career options for me if i fail to clear the exam. Thanks. Ladakh Beyond The Obivious ... Niti Aayogled CEO groups to focus on job creation income enhancement. Mosques speak out in Indian city to stop sale of brides to Arab men. SQL Prep Daily SQL Challenge 36: [removed]. India upholds controversial marriage annulment amid love jihad inquiry. Randia share some of the choicest of abuses in your native language Provide translations too. What are some choiciest of abuses in your native tongue Do provide translations : [removed]. Hey: [removed]. Learn Fundamental Analysis Technical Analysis of Stock. Why is there so much fuss about the registering of madrasas: [removed]. My current state of mind covered in a few lines[Please pardon me if you didnt like]. Floods push Biharis to Punjab Hundreds arrive in trains every day in hope of finding employment. 10 arrested with 4000kg beef on MumbaiGoa highway. Animal death count climbs to 346 as water level drops in Kaziranga. Kerala This school granted period leave over a century ago. Centralised Selection Mechanism For Lower Judiciary Is A Mockery Of A[r]ticles 233 To 235 WB To SC: [removed]. Fertility doctor arrested for raping patient in India. Watch How Bad Is the Gender Pay Gap in the Indian Labour Market. The importance of a countrys selfimage Publicly acknowledging and attending to flaws rather than ignoring them is pivotal to nurturing a healthy positive selfimage. Real dedication xpost from r/interestingasfuck. Remembering Rajiv Gandhi the photographer. National Cyber Coordination Centre Govts online metadata scanning project is live: [deleted]. [Serious] Redditors who think the following Maharashtra belongs to Marathas first TamilNadu belongs to Tamils first Karnataka belongs to Kannadas first etc.. Why doesnt Kashmir belong Kashmiris first: I get the argument that Pakistan has been using propaganda and fueling violence in the valley for a very long time. And our forces have been countering them with brute force to counter them. But those who believe that their own land and culture belongs to the native people and they should have a larger say in debates. Why dont we believe the same for Kashmiris Why do Indians and Pakistanis get to decide their future I see these days edgy teenagers having no clue about the situation in JampK grossly generalizing them as stone pelters. Even mature people are getting swayed away by the media propaganda on both the sides of the border. My question might anger a lot of nationalist and patriotic people here. I dont mean to say Kashmir belongs to Pakistan. But dont they have a say and have a right to fight for their selfdetermination. Apologies if this question offending anyone but think as if you were a Kashmiri for once. Thanks. 23 dead over 400 injured as Utkal Express derails. Study partner for learning Math and CS from the ground up: As per the advice I got for my previous post Im thinking of learning CS on my own with the variety of MOOCs and ebooks available on the internet. However I have lost the momentum of studying and having a study/accountability partner might help a lot. I am thinking of posting this on various subreddits in hope of finding at least one person who I can get along well with. I could really use some inspiration and support right now and of course I would also return the favour by putting effort while studying. If anyone would be interested in learning together let me know . I am a athest: [removed]. Video of kid being slapped during math lesson goes viral. In Assam tea workers booked for showing disrespect to the tricolour on Independence Day. Punjab govt launches campaign to prevent swine flu. [R] Two Bollywood Film Producers Get Court To Block Tons Of Sites In India Including Archive.org. MediaRumble The Menace of False News in the Post Truth World. Social media celebrates World Photography Day. If you have had enough with I look at this kind of posts. How is this for a perspective. India threatens Philip Morris after they allegedly push cigarettes to young people. Advertisements at kiosks the free distribution of Marlboro smokes at nightclubs and bars and the use promotions on TV screens are breaches of the law Indian authorities say. Financial Independence and Retirement Planning AMA by Pattu has started: Folks Currently there is a AMA going on in /r/FIREIndia by Professor Pattuhttps//freefincal.com/ A very knowledgeable and great guy on early retirement and financial independence in India topic. This AMA will be on till this weekend. URL [here]https//www.reddit.com/r/FIREIndia/comments/6uhx0b/iampattufromdebttofiithasbeenabumpy/. Please participate. . Bose Dead/Alive Official Trailer Rajkumar Rao AltBalaji. [Reddiquette]I have a piece if land and I want to setup a small scase industry. Need suggestions.: I have 4800sqm about 52000 square feet plot in RaebareliUP. which is 80Km from the capital of U.P. which is Lucknow. I dont have much money but only determination. I will get a loan of 1 crore and after adding all the properties I could arrange another 1 crore. with this amount and a piece of land what small scale industry can I setup which can give a decent profit as well as employment to locals there. I was thinking of manufacturing something which is simple but and is being imported from CHINA. So that competition is fierce because with this little amount of money it will be hard to compete. Any suggestions are welcome. Thanks in advance. . [Showerthought] People in India are so tolerant that. When they see someone dying on the road they ignore the human tragedy and move on with their life and 12 rupees from his purse.: [As Accident Victim Lies On Delhi Road For 14 hours Without Help People Steal Phone 12 Rupees From Pocket]https//www.outlookindia.com/website/story/asaccidentvictimliesondelhiroadfor14hourswithouthelppeoplestealpho/300482 [Delhi Accident victim lies on road for help for 12 hours gets robbed of mobile Rs 12]http//indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/admittedtosafdarjunghospitalhitbycarmanwaitsforhelponroadfor12hoursgetsrobbed4801915/ gtHe is undergoing treatment at Safdarjung Hospital. He told me he was lying on the road the entire night but no one helped him. He received wounds on his back and spine because of which he couldnt get up. His mobile phone and a bag containing clothes which were flung into the air when he was hit were taken away by people. He was offered water by a passerby but the person took Rs 12 from his pocket saying nothing comes for free said Rajkumar. gt Early this year a 35yearold mans badly mutilated body was found on the road of South Delhi who might have been run over by multiple vehicles. The autopsy report suggested that the man might have been dragged by a heavy truck after being hit or possibly crushed by multiple vehicles as he lay injured on the ground. gtIn another incident from 2016 a man who got hit by a tempo bled to death on a Delhi road for 90 minutes. The one time someone stopped to see the injured man in that duration was to steal his phone. edit Adding psychological explanation behind why people dont come to the aid of accident victims. [Delhi accident victim Why dont people step forward to help Its the bystander effect]http//www.hindustantimes.com/delhinews/delhiaccidentvictimwhydontpeoplestepforwardtohelpitsthebystandereffect/story24sFtMP0VMT4w0NesCvwJJ.html gtAccording to the theory a bystander is discouraged from helping a person in an emergency due to the presence of other people. Social psychologists Bibb Latan and John Darley came up with the theory after the infamous 1964 murder of Kitty Genovese in New York City. Genovese was stabbed to death outside her apartment. She was lying outside her home when the killer returned to stab her again. Neighbours who witnessed the crime did not come to her aid. The murder prompted Latan and Darley to launch a series of experiments where they measured how long it took participants who were alone or aware of others presence to intervene in a staged emergency. The study concluded that the presence of others discourages people from helping often by a large margin. When in a crowd there is a diffusion of responsibility. No one thinks it is their responsibility to help so no one comes forward. However when alone the responsibility is sole and this pushes one to help the affected. gtAnother factor that holds back people is the fear of police harassment. Will I get into trouble is the first thing people think says Sharma.. Female genital cutting is being practiced in Kerala An investigation.. [R] Is every Indian workplace riddled with internal politics: This question may sound naive to some but its something Ive been wanting to ask from a long time. Where I work Ive observed people plotting against people so that theyre humiliated fired etc. I was curious and I asked my friends if their workplace had some kind of politics going on to which he said yes. If this is true with every workplace my question is Why do people feel the need to play politics where they work Cant they just do the work thats been assigned to them and gtfo . I look at this photo whenever I think life has been unfair to me.. Does Islam Forbid Adoption: I was reading this article in The Hindu [The personal side of a public servant]http//www.thehindu.com/society/historyandculture/mohamedusmannahlanainarprofile/article19517306.ece and in a particular context the author claims that adoption is forbidden by Islam. Can somebody clarify and provide me context on this. India Dont Forcibly Return Rohingya Refugees. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 35: [removed]. I dont understand this.. Public Service Students of /r/india who are heading abroad to begin their studies or p[R]ospective students ask your questions here. Anything from academics to lifestyle to practical issues to jobs: I dont want to tag specific users but anyone who has firsthand experiences with applying to study and studying in Europe the USA Canada Australia New Zealand etc is welcome to help out others here. Personally i can help with studying in Finland to a lesser extent in Sweden and working in the Netherlands. Please no loweffort comments politics or scaremongering. Edit Im at work so i might not be able to answer questions right away but ask and others will make time to answer later. Mods Could you please make this a sticky for a couple of days Resources 1. Finland www.studyinfinland.fi/ Tuition fees charged for international students as of [2017]http//www.studyinfinland.fi/tuitionfeesandscholarships/noneutuitionfeesandscholarships PhDs remain free and usually pay a stipend. [AMA that i did in 2015]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/32c1qe/imanelectricalengineerwhoworkedinindia/refsearchposts 2. Sweden https//studyinsweden.se/ Tuition fees since 2011. List will be updated as we go along.. Mom throws newborn into river concocts baby snatching story. Why was Bengaluru ravaged by floods. 286 animals perish in Indias Kaziranga deluge. Caught on CCTV 5star hotel security chief in New Delhis Aerocity molests woman executive. No report of Indian casualty in Spain terror attack Sushma Swaraj. Best Podcasts ever that will change your life: [deleted]. Dineshan wants to know. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 34: [removed]. Abandoned baby girl is rescued after being dumped in India. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. India at 70 Horror of Partition sealed Nehrus drive for a secular democracy after Independence. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Major waste generators in Delhi slapped hefty fines by NGT. [NP][R]Does anyone have an idea for solving some of the everyday problems we face: Could be any issue of any scale. From garbage collection in your colony to ideas on reducing traffic snarls in your city. Experts and armchair thinkers are welcome alike. Edit I regret not tagging this post as serious.. Hard work passion and determination make an unbeatable combination of success Thank a lot to those from bottom of my heart who supported me when I was not able to support myself.... My journey by a newspaper in Jaipur. India brands all 40000 Rohingya Muslims illegal immigrants and plans to deport them minister says Parliament orders state authorities to roundup all those in country without permission including refugees fleeing persecution in Buddhistmajority Burma: [deleted]. 10yearold rape survivor delivers baby girl in India. Deportation threat shocks Rohingya Muslim refugees in Hyderabad We prefer dying in India to getting killed in Myanmar. India aims to deport all Rohingya Muslims even those with UN registration Govt. The Rohingya are denied citizenship in Myanmar and classified as illegal immigrants despite claiming roots there that go back centuries with communities marginalized and occasionally subjected to communal violence.. How passengers are targeted sedated and robbed on a train.. In 2015 India Lost 2 Children Below Age 5 Every Minute. Advertising Gu[R]us Help a brother out with promoting his bakery: So my family has a bakery and while we are earning profits I want to be sure that we are ensuring maximum people visiting our bakery. Location North Indian city with a big population pretty big city amp lots of educated people live here. PGs are aplenty and young crowds are everywhere. So the potential is a lot. In our market there are 3 other bakeries which have been there for about 3/5 years and their rating on Zomato is about 3.33.5. We have been told by our customers amp many other shopkeepers that out of all our stuff is the best amp is very competitively priced. Till now we have done the following to promote Distribute our menu in newspapers on weekends 2 times with another run planned for this weekend. Ran local paper ads last Dec but the response was not as good as the above method. Ran ads on FB boosted posts containing 3 very nice cakes we made 2 reached 500 likes 1 at 900 budget was around Rs 180 each. Ran a promotional image for rakhi prompting people to get gift baskets on the occasion with a budget of 500. I feel that I may be missing out on something or have left some avenue unexplored. Our rating on Zomato is 3.3 with 24 reviews initially we had 2/3 bad reviews but last 5 have averaged around 3.9 ish per review. Also reviews dont come easily we prompt our regular customers to write about 2/3 times and then 1 of them may write it. Is there any method to promote our business and get more people to come once to try our stuff We have faith in our product amp feel that once people come most get hooked as per our regular customers About buying Zomato ads We are required to deposit 20k for a minimum of 3 months i.e. 60k so that we appear in the top of searches for bakery items in our area. This is wayy about our budgetcompared with newspaper distribution we pay Rs 250 per 1000 pieces inserted in a paper plus less than half a rupee for the menu itself. Thanks . [R] Vodafone I dont think this means what you think this means.. Asha Bhosle Hit Songs. Countries with easy immigration and a better quality of life [NP]: Hey r/India I am done with this countrysomething deep down is wrongand I as a single walking meat bag cant change ittaxes are being raised day by day with no improvement in architectureneither there is any initiative by anyone to question the MP or CMevery one is busy with their own lifeI have never felt a sense of belonging in this country. Three days ago a relative of mine calledsaid his bus met with a road accidentwe rushed to the spot and we were alarmed when we came to know that the villagers rushed to steal the goods and luggage and even didnt offered to pull the people outmy relative fought too hard to pull himself out of the mess and call us and the ambulancethe scene hit hardI asked myself is this the nationality I want How can I think of a future for this nation if we dont even consider ourselves as citizen and work for greater good Today right fucking now I asked my father why couldnt I roam around city at 1030 PMhe said police will catch you and will try to question where are you heading Any reason Why so lateI am in Tier 2 city and this is literally what happensthe reason is they are keeping city safe. Then there is a Muslim basti in my vicinitynow I know things will go south and I might get bannedbut consider thisI am not implying that there are no Hindu gangsits just that I am typing what I see on my daily basisnow there are 6 to 7 mini gangs who fight among themselves for monopolysoon they will upgrade themselves with weaponsand police of my city is doing jack shit with the matterthen comes the mentally ill onesjust when I thought that I would speed up my new car thats when a nude women started jaywalking to and frowhat we will be doing with this There will be more mentally illwho will give the poor near the temple with world class psychiatry They will bang there heads with no purpose in their life and only a 1 of them will make their way out in this conditionthe rest will resort to begging network or will resort to crime or will turn mad. Our infrastructure is getting to the point where sometimes I feel like I will bang my head in steering if the guy behind me doesnt stops honkinghow the fuck should I move the car in front of me Should I teleport ffswe are going to see a cArmageddon with more car sales. What happens if there is a war If there is a civil war if there is an economic collapse Inflation God damn there is no plan B its death at any momentso many poor population what happens when they think enough is enough and will come after the most vulnerable The middle class Politicians will rile up their jet engine and will escape while we have to pay for the mess they created in the first place. Fuckbut I dont feel like I have any allegiance to this country anymoremy sister from Seattle who shifted to states recentlyshe said people smile at each other while crossing on streetI was like fuck NOOOO Lets get to the pointwhich other countriesthe first world except US is fit for permanent residency And are neutral towards Indians in general I am thinking of Canada or New Zealand. Sorry for the long rantmy schezo brain doesnt stops.. I wont do toilets the unvarnished reality of life as a maid in India Inequality. The forgotten man 2012 about 2002 Gujarat riots. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 33: [removed]. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: Podcasts i listen to compulsorily Really life changing stuff 1. Waking up with Sam Harris interviews of brilliant people 2. Ezra Klein Show Interviews of Influential people 3. Freakonomics about Economics and social impact The hidden side of everything 4. A16z technology and its imapct 5. Tim Ferriss Show interviews of business people and selfhelp amp improvement 6. Planet Money about Economics 7. HBR IdeaCast featuring leading thinkers in business and management Harvard Business school 8. Conversations with Tyler Cowan economists and Cultural figures 9. Startup gimlet media about Startups 10. The Economist Radio news Worldpolitics Science Tech etc. 11. Radiolab topics of a scientific and philosophical nature. Khap In Posh Gurgaon Society RWA Bans Opposite Sex Visitors Says Women Tenants Support Prostitution. Best Podcasts in the world that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Best Podcasts that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Freelancers of randia can you share your experience obtaining FIRC with your bank for GST refunds: If you work by yourself or operate a business dealing with foreign clients can you share how the experience is with your bank for providing FIRC on SWIFT transfers I have been talking to multiple banks and staff at many banks has no idea about FIRC and procedure to issue it. Some banks that do provide it need you to visit the branch in person with a written application and a demand draft for every transaction. . Why people are blaming government for floods in Bangalore: I am not able understand why many of friends are scolding central government and state government for floods in the city nobody can stop rain. What can government can do. Indian National Anthem with the Magic of Glass Goosebumps Guaranteed: [deleted]. National Anthem from Glass by Borosil Goosebumps Guaranteed: [deleted]. Assam floods Death toll jumps to 28 over 33 lakh people across 25 districts affected. Bihar floods Death toll climbs to 56 69 lakh people affected. [Old] For Prince of Kurukshetra 48 hours in borewell a snapshot of haunting images. Best Podcasts that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. Great Podcasts that will change your life for the better: [deleted]. What are the career options for mechanical engineering graduate in India: I had completed mechanical engineering in a local college. India and liberalization There was a 1966 before 1991. [R] Tax Saving Mutual Funds Money In A Mutual Fund: [deleted]. Photos One Week in India. I watch porn but I got my principles.: [deleted]. Cow and Prophet Mohammed a simple rational analysis: [removed]. Tripura Tales of Unsung Freedom Fighters from times gone by. Weve Got to Learn to Accept Our Countrys Situation Before trying to Change It.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 32: [removed]. In India a Name Is Rarely Just a Name. Blue Whale Suicide Game Government Orders Google Facebook To Remove Links. The lies Brits tell themselves about how they left behind a better India. Full text of the Tryst with Destiny Speech in the Constituent Assembly at midnight of 1415 August 1947 on the eve of independence.: [deleted]. NHRC seeks report on Gorakhpur deaths. Toll at Uttar Pradesh hospital shoots up to104.. Border 1997 Hindi 720p The Quintessential Independence Day Movie. Happy Independence Day Keep fighting against those who harm our country.. Congratulation r/India has transformed into uncles whatsapp group see front page pics: [removed]. A Republic is Born The Hindu editorial on January 26 1950. Midnight to millennium. 70 years ago India was struggling with divide and rule policy of British and now again India struggling with divide and rule policy of politicians.: [deleted]. The ultimate example of fair skin preference in India [R]: Yesterday due to Janamashtami I was listening to bhajans of Lord Krishna. A famous bhajan goes like Radha kyun gori main kyun kala. Basically Lord Krishna asks why is he dark skinned to his mother. Without going into why even this bhajan exists I would like to emphasize that this bhajan tells us that Lord Krishna having a dark skin is a well established part of our mythology and popular bhajans. It is his name for his sake. Then I imagined and compared that image to depictions of Lord Krishna in various TV serials. The attached album http//imgur.com/a/LloeR shows what I found. Basically except for the depiction in the BR Chopra Mahabharat all depictions are very fair. And the BR Chopra Mahabharat depiction also is not something which will be unequivocally be called dark skinned in India. The fact is that there is no greater character in our mythology. The book which can come closest to being called the Bible for Hindus is supposed to be sermon by this guy. The creation of India as a political unit is supposed to be part of political machinations of this guy. There is no person who has better achievements in life whether scholarly politically spiritually or even sexually. He is literally God according to many texts. And yet we cannot imagine him having a dark skin. As the old bollywood song goes Tu kaun hai tera naam hai kya Sita bhi yahan badnaam hui. Who do you think you are Here even Sita was maligned.. The same is true for fair skin preference and Krishna.. Preserving Memories of Partition That Arent Our Own Through personal narratives from grandparents and depictions in books and movies young people in India and Pakistan have constructed their own memories of Partition.. INDIA70 Midnight to millennium. When Jawaharlal Nehru announced We will be free Centenarian Hamida Habibullah vividly recollects that rainy day when she stood next to the future PM. INDIA 70 Nayantara Sahgal Nehrus compound was filled with refugees. INDIA 70 Harohalli Srinivasaiah Doreswamy recalls hoisting the tricolour in Bangalore. INDIA 70 Azadi in the underground when freedom came late in Hyderabad Muhammad Khaja Moinuddin. INDIA 70 Our dolls house of memory It is essential to be in constant conversation with the men and women who won freedom for India and defined what true freedom meant. Happy Independence Day neighbors: From Pakistan. Happy 70th Independence Day India: Happy 70th Independence day lets pledge to work daily to make India a better place.. EIC The State of India [641]. How dahi handi should have been celebrated.. In Numbers The child brides of Andhra Pradesh. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 31: [removed]. Heavy rains kill 41 in Bihar flood Bengal and northeast train services disrupted. Over 100 Dead 22 Lakh Hit as Assam Grapples With Devastating Floods. Swine Flu 600 Deaths Nearly 12500 Cases So Far This Year Says Government. 22 Lakh People Affected By Fever 420 Deaths Kerala Government.. 13 more deaths due to swine flu toll now 190 in Gujarat.. India says to deport all Rohingya regardless of U.N. registration. What do you think India should have achieved more in 70 years of Independence: I think India should have been 910 Trillion Economy instead of 2.2 Trillion Economy. What do you think. What do you think India should have achieved more in 70 years of Independence: [deleted]. Urgent Help Mess in NEET UG: [deleted]. Leaders Treat Environment Like Indian Gods Do Puja And Aarti Pay Lip Service. Mumbai Sacrificing goats on Bakrid You can get an online permission now. The best thing Indians can do for themselves and the World STOP BREEDING completely: [removed]. India is unprepared for a near future when it will be the worlds most populous country. This Independence day Lets Celebrate the clash of clans Way Base for TH7891011. How much bribe do you have to pay to start a restaurant in India: As you see here https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6s1hru/whyisindiastillimportingfurniture/dl9ra8p/ He had to pay more than 50 lac bribe for a restaurant worth 2 crore. Is this a commonplace scenario Do you know anyone who did not have to pay any bribe/ownership percentage when opening a restaurant in India On a related note we see that women talk so openly on online forums about the abuse they face because of patriarchy. Why is it that the business owners affected by bribing practice hardly ever raise their voice about it Why cant they talk about the hardships they have to face just like women do Why the silence even when online forums give us a chance to write about it anonymously On the I paid a bribe website I saw only one reported instance of this kind of bribe. http//www.ipaidabribe.com/gsc.tab0gsc.qrestaurantgsc.sort Note to usual randian cynic Please dont write loweffort vyapamed Modi AAP comments. . Get inside the mind of a stalker. Why is there rise in stupid YouTube videos in trending and Horny Facebook messages. In depth: [The video ]https//www.reddit.com/r/indianpeoplefacebook/comments/6tfw1n/thisguyexplainedwhyindianpeoplestarted/stJ6BM77HAsh37c9523dhttps//www.reddit.com/r/indianpeoplefacebook/comments/6tfw1n/thisguyexplainedwhyindianpeoplestarted/stJ6BM77HAsh37c9523d. India at 70 and the Passing of Another Illusion: [deleted]. [R]ant Growing weary of scapegoating and diversions to distract from the real issue in Gorakhpur: The Megathread says enough I dont think there is anyone here who hasnt been moved or enraged by the situation in Gorakhpur. Many of us had braced ourselves for people to blame AY/ Congress/ British/ Mughals and even some mudslinging. The latest target no surprise is Dr. Khan the doctor who was hailed by the media for arranging oxygen cylinders in the middle of the night. From accusing him of rape to impersonation for exams to maligning him as an illegal practitioner who used to divert the oxygen supply to his private practice in a nursing home he is now the incarnation of Yamraj himself. Meanwhile propaganda ranges between Akhilesh Yadavs wife Deepas close associations with the company supplying the O2 cylinders to Yogijis invisible attempts at fighting Japanese Encephalitis over the years. Diversions aside how are these blind followers so insensitive to the real tragedy here the failure of everyone from the state government to the hospital administration Yeah the solution might not be crystal clear or even unanimous but it is depressing to see these nationalists going to any extent to stick to their side of the political spectrum and deteriorating the country from within. I can shut my mind enough to begrudgingly accept misogyny communalism and linguistic divisions being rampant among some but when even 65 children dying of preventable causes dont lead people to become more introspective whats wrong with this country as a whole Not to paint a bleak picture but either there is a cancerous portion of idiots or the sane majority is silent cuz of skepticism or for security reasons. How long is it gonna take before humanity surfaces to the top of peoples priorities . Love Commandos. Battling for love marriages and saving intercaste couples from honour killings. have we had a cultural interaction with pakistan on here before: [removed]. Google job that wasnt The case shows how little we care about mental health issues. Probably the tragedy of the decade . Calcutta High Court directs state govt to file report on 62yrolds gangrape. The 62yrold victim who died had her intestines ruptured after iron rods liquor bottles were allegedly inserted into her private parts.: [deleted]. Indians you can never progress: [deleted]. Gorakhpur Hospital Tragedy Megathread: A thread for general discussions about the Gorakhpur hospital tragedy that saw the deaths of many children. From /u/gsa123 thanks List of links and reporting on the tragedy. Chronological as far as I can make it. PTI 30 children die in Gorakhpur hospital in a span of 48 hours TOI http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/30deadduetoencephalitisinlast48hoursatgorakhpurhospital/articleshow/60023317.cms 30 Children Die After Oxygen Supply Shuts Down In Gorakhpur Hospital http//www.abplive.in/indianews/gorakhpur30childrendieafteroxygensupplyshutsdowninbrdhospital564682rstypepistatsrsorigintrendingrsmediumgadgetssectionrsindexstory2 Gorakhpur tragedy Child after child collapsed as doctors tried to get oxygen supply back on HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/gorakhpurtragedychildafterchildcollapsedasdoctorstriedtogetoxygensupplybackon/storyesSFF6WnIgO1XQP8eXHyFNamp.html Yogi government rubbishes reports that lack of oxygen supply killed 30 in Gorakhpur hospital TOI http//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2017/aug/12/yogigovernmentrubbishesreportsthatlackofoxygensupplykilled30ingorakhpurhospital1642222.html Meet Kafeel Khan The Doctor Who Saved The Lives Of Many Children In The Gorakhpur Hospital Tragedy HuffPo http//www.huffingtonpost.in/2017/08/13/meetkafeelkhanthedoctorwhosavedthelivesofmanychildrea23075856/ Singh Gorakhpur hospital tragedy BRD Medical College has seen more than 3000 child deaths in six years HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/atgorakhpursbrdmedicalcollegemorethan3000childrenhavediedinsixyears/storym8yo2dmDl1mp6Xx25V2CKI.html Bhuyan Gorakhpur 7 deaths a day normal says UP govt ignoring there were 23 Business Standard http//www.businessstandard.com/article/currentaffairs/gorakhpur7deathsadaynormalsaysupgovtignoringtherewere231170812003121.html Neetu Chandra Sharma Gorakhpur tragedy Centre rushes team to BRD Medical College Livemint http//www.livemint.com/Politics/eBtF5KD5s8Dmj7lvJ3WtKO/GorakhpurtragedyCentrerushesteamtoBRDMedicalCollege.html Gorakhpur hospital tragedy ModiMustSpeak trends as Twitterati expresses anger over PMs silence FirstPost http//www.firstpost.com/india/gorakhpurhospitaltragedymodimustspeaktrendsastwitteratiexpressesangeroverpmssilence3923053.html Datta Gorakhpur has a history of childrens deaths 25000 kids have lost lives to encephalitis India Today http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/gorakhpurencephalitisdeathsbrdmedicalcollegehospital/1/1024551.html Thomas Gorakhpur tragedy Cops detain marchers seeking justice for 60 dead kids TOI http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/gorakhpurtragedycopsdetainmarchersseekingjusticefor60deadkids/articleshow/60034532.cms Sharma Gorakhpur deaths Why is encephalitis so deadly for children HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/columns/gorakhpurdeathswhyisencephalitissodeadlyforchildren/storyE1dFf1KGTDeAprdt9N7wgK.html Highlights Gorakhpur hospital deaths Yogi Adityanath urges people to see things in right perspective HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/gorakhpurhospitaldeathslive30childrendiein2daysfocusonoxygensupply/storyP9S3tKm1NEo7vgLRwhSlWM.html Encephalitis Is A Challenge UP CM Yogi Adityanath Breaks Silence On Gorakhpur Tragedy Outlook https//www.outlookindia.com/website/story/encephalitisisachallengeupcmyogiadityanathbreakssilenceongorakhpurtr/300312 Narayanan A tragedy foretold The questions Uttar Pradesh government must answer for Gorakhpur deaths https//scroll.in/pulse/847035/atragedyforetoldthequestionsuttarpradeshgovernmentmustanswerforgorakhpurdeaths Gorakhpur deaths case Adityanath orders inquiry into oxygen suppliers role Scroll https//scroll.in/latest/847040/encephalitishasbeenachallengesince1978saysadityanathofgorakhpurdeaths Gorakhpur tragedy Hospital oxygen dept. had warned authorities about shortage Yahoo https//in.news.yahoo.com/gorakhpurtragedyhospitaloxygendept063000168.html Over 60 children die in Gorakhpur hospital BJP says Govt not to be blamed ABP News http//www.apnlive.com/politics/gorakhpurhospitaldeathswhosaidwhatonthetragedywhichkilled63children23909 Srawan Shukla 36 children dead Medical college principal axed Adityanath govt pats itself on the back for controlling encephalitis DNA http//www.dnaindia.com/india/reportgorakhpurinfantdeathsmedicalcollegeprincipalaxedyogigovtpatsitselfonthebackforcontrollingencephalitis2527933 Atul Chandra Gorakhpur tragedy pressure mounts on Yogi medical officers report exposes govt lie Catch News http//www.catchnews.com/indianews/gorakhpurtragedypressuremountsonyogimedicalofficersreportexposesgovtlie77174.html Omar Rashid Gorakhpur hospital ignored warnings on oxygen supply The Hindu http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/otherstates/gorakhpurhospitalignoredwarningsonoxygensupply/article19482730.ece Rhythma Kaul Gorakhpur hospital deaths Central team finds BRD Medical College overcrowded HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/gorakhpurhospitaldeathscentralteamfindsbrdmedicalcollegeovercrowded/storylJ8ZP8u1N27jty3yT3t58N.html Meghnad S The Gorakhpur Tragedy Is A Failure Of Government At Every Level Buzzfeed https//www.buzzfeed.com/meghnads/thegorakhpurtragedyisafailureofgovernmentateveryutmterm.ljz7ZAGXA.xw1VLyvGy Gorakhpur hospital deaths Yogi Adityanath asks media to portray correct picture of tragedy HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/gorakhpurhospitaldeathsyogiadityanathasksmediatoportraycorrectpictureoftragedy/storyB66UusjLDhxLgRdKvQoBrN.html Death of children Gorakhpur medical college principal resigns after suspension The Hindu http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/otherstates/deathofchildrengorakhpurmeedicalcollegeprincipalsacked/article19482490.ece Seth Ghosh Gorakhpur hospital deaths Principal suspended govt says he delayed payment for oxygen Indian Express http//indianexpress.com/article/india/gorakhpurhospitaldeathsprincipalsuspendeduttarpradeshyogiadityanathgovtsayshedelayedpaymentforoxygen4794053/ Gorakhpur tragedy Principal says he resigned before suspension order blames Adityanath govt for releasing money late DNA http//www.dnaindia.com/india/reportgorakhpurtragedyprincipalsaysheresignedbeforesuspensionorderblamesadityanathgovtforreleasingmoneylate2528142 Gorakhpur hospital tragedy A good samaritan who responded to the call of duty in desperate times HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/gorakhpurhospitaltragedyagoodsamaritanwhorespondedtothecallofdutyindesperatetimes/storyvRsfbGKPjnW260w7UAtySN.html Sarah Hafeez Gorakhpur hospital tragedy CM Yogi Adityanath silent on childrens deaths blames encephalitis on filth Indian Express http//indianexpress.com/article/india/gorakhpurhospitaldeathscmyogisilentonchildrensdeathsblamesencephalitisonfilthuttarpradesh4794061/ Gorakhpur hospital tragedy From Yogi Adityanath to Rahul Gandhi heres how politicians reacted Financial Express http//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/gorakhpurhospitaltragedyfromyogiadityanathtorahulgandhihereshowpoliticiansreacted/806143/ Netas on Gorakhpur hospital tragedy When and what they said ABP Live http//www.apnlive.com/politics/netasgorakhpurhospitaltragedysaid23916 Chetan Chouhan Gorakhpur CAG report on hospital found irregularities in equipment procurement HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/cagreportongorakhpurhospitalfoundirregularitiesingettingequipments/storyT2zViy7aM79MLWcLeZEQdN.html Gorakhpur hospital deaths Many reasons not shortage of oxygen says UP govt Indian Express http//indianexpress.com/article/india/gorakhpurhospitaldeathsyogiadityanathbrdmedicalcollegeuttarpradeshencephalitisgovtmanyreasonsnotshortageofoxygen4794389/ Guilty men of Gorakhpur Yogi Co. avoid blame for 60 deaths in 5 days Yahoo https//in.news.yahoo.com/guiltymengorakhpuryogico200300469.html Will Get Detailed Report on Gorakhpur Deaths UP CM Adityanath The Quint https//www.thequint.com/newsvideos/2017/08/12/yogiadityanathongorakhpurchildrendeaths Gorakhpur TRAGEDY All the deaths happened due to different reasons says UP Health Minister ABP News http//www.abplive.in/indianews/gorakhpurtragedydeathsinaugustisaneveryyearaffairsaysuphealthminister565086rstypepistatsrsorigintrendingrsmediumhealthsectionrsindexstory1 Lack of Swachhata cause of death says Yogi The Hans India http//www.thehansindia.com/posts/index/National/20170813/LackofswachhatacauseofdeathsYogi/318652 Gorakhpur hospital deaths 8 unanswered questions HT http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/gorakhpurhospitaldeaths8unansweredquestions/storyxbkarc7B5rW1oJ7iTEuFwJ.html . Border Anthem Pakistan and Indian National Anthems back to back. Jamai Babu 1931 Silent Movie Indian Classics: [removed]. jatayu bird jatayu Biggest bird in the world cought in wet condition i.... [Serious] How do I deal with being the oldest one in the classroom: Throwaway because friends know my reddit username. So for some health related issues I could not pursue regular studies after my 2. Now that Im alright Ive taken admission in a reputed local college and almost all of my classmates are atleast 3 years younger than me. I feel like I cant make any friends out of them although I interact with them almost regularly. I feel left out and a receding hairline isnt helping my case. One of my classmates taunted me with uncle today. How do I deal with this randia. Trouble with my introversy: I am an introvert and whenever I talk to someone I cant argue with them even if I am right. They always dominate as if their points are very legit and I dont try to thrust my points on them. As a result I am often unable to communicate properly and always take back doors instead of facing head to head as I dont find these things as serious as others do. The latest problem is as follows. We live in company quarters. Me and my two room mates have been allotted a new room which is a little far away but I prefer that place and they dont. Authorities have shifted us but they arent taking it seriously and they can probably get it canceled by fighting and all with the staff. If I shift theyd eventually have to. I could simply say that I like that place so I want to shift there but they will give shitty arguments and try to convince me to not go and I cant fight with their shitty arguments. So I lied that some bigger authority my boss has personally asked me to shift to there and this makes my argument undeniable to them. Trouble is I feel I am doing unethical thing and I feel I should be more direct in talking to people and keeping my point. So are there any suggestions to me towards being more direct. Is Kerala Really a Killing Field Numbers Tell a Different Story. What I think when I think in English. Fo[R] a country with so much moral policing Indians have surprisingly low morals.: Things like Being honest Treating others with respect Treating customers with respect for corporations Not misusing power need something from someone in a position of power 9 out of 10 times you arent gonna get it ... are really scarce. And all this can never be fixed until we fix the judiciary. I wish there existed a working legal system but since it doesnt none of the above principles can really be implemented/enforced. Anyways leave all that. Lets fight over Kanhaiya and Modi and debate if Madarssas should celebrate Iday. Jai Hind. For people complaining about potholes: Have you guys ever considered that maintaining roads for a population as high as Indian cities have is not an easy thing to do. I am not defending anyone and there definitely is corruption but complaining that potholes start appearing within months of it being repaired is kind of normal. number of cars in india may be less but total number of vehicles 2 wheelers etc density in india is much higher. I am your typical NRI having travelled to most of the west coast cities in US which have high population density and most of the internal roads here have potholes even though you have less population / car density to available area. Forced Sexual Intercourse With Wife Above 15 Yrs Of Age Not Rape Says SC. 30 deaths in 48 hours in Uttar Pradeshs Gorakhpur after oxygen supply in hospital disrupted. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 30: [removed]. LIVE 30 children die in Gorakhpur hospital UP government denies deaths due to oxygen supply cut. A Good Documentary [R]eenactment of the Language Debate in the Constitution Assembly: As there has been a lot of discussion on the language question I wanted to share this episode made by Rajya Sabha TV on the Constitution Assembly Debates. There are English subtitles available. https//www.youtube.com/watchvLNjgpTQe2Tc. 30 Children Die After Gorakhpur Hospital Runs Out Of Oxygen. Fucking Antinashunal. I recently acquired a old dormant sub called /r/randomkindnessindia and would like your activity and participation to help fellow Indian redditors out: The subreddit is intended to be for Indian redditors in need of any form of random assistance that is not purely monetary in nature. For example if you have a old phone youd like to give away or you have some Swiggy cash youd like to use to order food for someone you can use the sub. www.reddit.com/r/randomkindnessindia Let me know if youd like to participate or have any ideas for the subreddit in general. . India is 20 years behind in terms of knowledge Kevin Durants shocking revelations after visit to Taj Mahal. 20 Years Ago Indian TV Shows Were So Progressive. What In The World Has Happened To Us Now. Books on the Partition: Hey guys really interested in the above topic. Does anyone have a recommendation for a book which presents a perspective of the events surrounding the partition in the most balanced and/or informative way possible Something exploring all the events leading to during and after the partition I realise a completely unbiased view or presentation is impossible but something that is a good read I wanna purchase a book within the next day or so... Thanks heaps in advance everyone. Why do people think it is okay to have multiple children without the means to support more than 1 of them: I am travelling in a metro and the family next to me consists of 2 men their wives in obligatory ghungats and 7 children between them. The men are obviously illiterate and spat on the metro platform 2 times. The children are all aged between 2 and 6 and are wearing half torn clothes while the women are decked in gold that obviously should have been invested in their childrens education. These guys obviously do not pay taxes so the burden is on the middle class to support whatever welfare schemes this family avails. Why cant people see overpopulation as a huge problem Why do they not use condoms if they like to fuck so much . Wow visit r/WMAF: [removed]. Patanjali marketing technique 101. [R] Intercaste Marriage. brave man helps rescue a cow from deep dark muddy bad smell drain in ind.... Bangalore water woes Indias Silicon Valley dries up [May 2017]. Which rakhi did Jamie get on rakshbandhan: [removed]. [R]We need a zomato for rented homes. How can we make this happen: Ive suffered enough at the hands of dishonest property dealers and asshole home owners. We should have a zomato/glassdoor like app with a rating and feedback system. It does sound like a pipe dream atm but lets talk about how can we make this happen.. See How Children Live in the Worlds Most Polluted City National Geographic. [Serious] Girls of r/india what we males should think when you show some skin Should we stare at you with dirty or clean eyes. Or should we just ignore it all: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 28: [removed]. This popup from Cyber Swachh Kendra just took over my browser window.: and the only way to get rid of it was by clicking it which takes you to http//www.cyberswachhtakendra.gov.in/ Screenshot http//i.imgur.com/h61oMFC.jpg. This origin story of /r/TheDonald also accurately describes /r/bakchodi in the Indian context.. Indians 101 Breed like rats dumb babies gangrape woman shit on streets: [removed]. No country for old men French index says India worst for retirement now. Molestation of school girls CRPF constable arrested. Beti Bachao The Declining Sex Ratios Of Indian Cities. How to Drive in India 11 Steps with Pictures. Scare and sell Heres how an Indian call centre cheated foreign computer owners. [R] Hi randia I need some help and property advice for properties in unauthorized colony: To start with my father passed away in 2007 being terminally ill from cancer. Given doctors had given him a time period he closed down his business and invested that in multiple small residential properties in one of the 1000 unauthorized colonies in Delhi. At that time I was 13 years old and I dont know about the tax matters involved whether due tax was paid or not same goes for my mother as she is a naive sweet person There was no will transfer etc. One or two properties were also purchased in my mothers name. Now I am working for three years and I am looking at ways to absolve ourselves of any kinds of penalties/due that may exist but I am unaware of. Could you please suggest/advice if there may be hurdles that I may face when probably monetizing some of the properties or what should be the right course of action here Thanks a lot in advance for your help. HP govt transfers 5 IPS officers. How an Aadhaar number available in public domain poses Privacy and Security threat to an individual: In what ways different entities can exploit this personal detail to get benefited while causing you privacy related troubles If this is such a serious issue then why Govt is forcing us to provide aadhaar no to entities like private school and colleges telecom retailers any many others Cant they sell or use this data for other beneficial purposes at the cost of our privacy and security How a hacker can exploit this All insights are welcome even imaginary ones. Redditors of india need to know individual perspectives too.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 27: [removed]. India Has 300 Million people who cant write own name. 500 Million dont have toilets. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition. 250 Million dont have electricity.: [removed]. India Has 300 Million people cant write their own name. 500 Million dont have toilets. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition. 250 Million dont have electricity.: [deleted]. India is the only nation with 300 Million people who cant even write their own name. 500 Million dont have toilets. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition. 250 Million dont have electricity.: [deleted]. The man who coined the slogan Quit India Remembering Yusuf Meherally. The socialist freedom fighter was Mumbais mayor when the Congress intensified the freedom movement 75 years ago on this day.. India is the only nation with 300 Million people who cant even write their own name. 500 Million dont have toilets. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition. 250 Million dont have electricity.: [deleted]. India is the only nation with 300 Million people who cant even write their own name. 500 Million dont have toilets. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition. 250 Million dont have electricity.: [deleted]. India is the only nation with 300 Million people who cant even write their own name. 500 Million dont have toilets. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition 250 Million dont have electricity. 200 Million children suffering Malnutrition: [deleted]. Things young folks wanna ask experienced randians: I had questions that I wanted to ask someone older but years of crippling depression and my own bad decisions has left me with essentially no social circle. So I was wondering if there are more people like me and if reddit community was willing to chip in and help us out. Let this serve as a general thread for people who wanted to ask their seniors for advice or any anecdotes about life in general.. The Aryan Question. [R] The British empires hidden history is one of resistance not pride. Backbenchers of Reddit pour your hearts out.: Just wondering if I can find a fellow brother whos beentheredonethat. Usually dont bother much about it but then theres these rare moments where I remember how the topper was the hero of the class during PTA and my parents silently sat with me at the back disappointed at their piece of shit son who had to rewrite a hindi or math exam in as far back as 8th grade. Just wondering if there was someone else I could have a word with about this. Anyone else feel this way Has it changed for you . [NP]Final year back: Ah engineering results came a week back and Ive managed to land a back again in a 6th semester paper passed all other semester and to my surprise did well for the final semester but my joy had to turn to ashes in my mouth so guys you got any suggestions to do in the meantime also I started interning before the results were out so guys you got any serious suggestions are genuinely welcome.. Isnt Indian Government blocking access to certain websites against Net Neutrality: [removed]. Internet addiction has ruined my life: I have been on reddit for years now. I am addicted to internet. My day starts with checking reddit facebook whatsapp statuses profile pictures of whatsapp contacts yes. I do this subconsciously. I find myself fiddling with my phone all the time and most of the time I am not even aware that I am doing it. I have this habit where I select/deselect text on my phone/laptop for no apparent reason. I cannot focus on anything anymore. Reading long posts/articles is really painful. I am going through a lot of agony while writing this post. I have the urge to stop and do something else. Like open a new tab or scratch my arm or look at the tv or to select and deselect this text . My thoughts are mess I cannot create coherent arguments anymore. At one point I used to write but not anymore. I feel like my imagination has died. I go to college sit through lectures and plug in my earphones during free time. I listen to same old songs over and over again. I rarely talk to friends. When someone pulls my leg my mind goes blank and I have nothing to say. I have become brain dead. I come back from college watch meaningless YouTube videos for hours browse more internet till I fall asleep. Rinse and repeat. I had depression somehow I managed to come out of it. But it left a hole in me. [Internet is the only refuge I have]https//www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/comments/1al4sr/internetaddictionisruiningmylife/c8yfgy4/. I feel like I have peaked behind the curtain I was not supposed to. I feel like people do things as coping mechanism. Take celebrating birthday of a friend. What purpose does it serve People get together eat junk and laugh at stupid things. I feel like most people around me are immature and that they talk about most inane things. Like taking pride in which phone they own or which bike they have or where they went for vacations. I think some jealousy is involved but I am not sure. I have only 5 friends. I feel like they make fun of me behind my back. I just cannot understand how these people can talk for hours about the most boring things crack bad jokes and call it a day Is that it Is there more to these things which these people do or do they really feel satisfied with what they do No one in my college has any ambition to do anything. They come to college waste time talking and go back home. I might come off as pretentious snob but that is what I really feel. Coming back to internet addiction I have tried to stop countless times. But I always end up reinstalling the apps. I am studying CS so cannot quit internet. Please help me out here. Theres so much on my mind but this is what I managed to spill here. How do I come out of this mess. PSA Dont give your documents especially IDs to anyone just like that. [R]: Last week my dads CA asked his PAN and AADHAR on WhatsApp and he obliged without a thought. It is becoming very common for people to ask your ID over WhatsApp. This is very scary trend and makes identity theft way fucking easy. I request everyone to please STOP this practice. Best way is to give the Xerox cross it out with pen write down the date and purpose. It will make it really hard for identity theft. If you HAVE to give it by email or WhatsApp do the same with your picture editing app cross it out so that no one else can use it. Please please tell your friends and parents not to just give it away especially color photos of documents. Identity theft is serious issue and I am not sure how competent our law is to protect you in this case. We are on our own here. . PSA Dont just give for documents especially IDs to anyone just like that. [R]: [deleted]. We should start teaching our children the right things: Sounds like an ambiguous statement right But these days most of the Indians are learning the things the wrong way when it comes to religions and political beliefs. It seems like every next person around me has become a proHindu or proMuslimmaybe at least thats what I have learned from the source I dont remember Him educated or uneducated. And our children are learning the same things from media and even from books every morning and day. Even my Punjabi subjective books used to teach me that the Muslim kings during their first invasions tried to convert people on point of sword just to spread their religion and Muslim people still does that. I guess the British divide and rule policy is still in action in India and even at a better pace and those things are also being taught at schools and sold by politicians. Today I got introduced with [Dr. Ram Puniyanis]https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCkwpbIV1OHIYQtIy7SR94Q YouTube channel and he have a better way to put mbiguously taught history into a better context. If lectures like these were being taught during our teen part of education or life those ProHindus might have had known something better rather than [THIS the video has a disturbing incident]https//www.youtube.com/watchvSLYwoGDXK34]. One of Dr. Puniyanis video [Who is Muslim]https//www.youtube.com/watchvJcr2l6iIvCo. Only a Hindu is allowed to even speak out about the shit going on around us when it comes to Hindu as a socalled religion or you might get lynched. There is a [website]http//www.actingman.com/ too which can give some positive context into this whole mess of politicians. To all prohindus or gaurakshaks out there F Y for incidents like these. For those Im a Hindu by just a religion.. Facebook Feed getting filled with shared images and videos only.: Recently I find my Feeds to be just filled with shared image post and videos only. I dont even come across a text or a self post till like 100 posts in. It is like facebook is only promoting pages instead of interaction between people. I tried it today by making a post in timeline and no of my friends found it in top 100 posts. And no this are not sponsored ads or recommended but just shares and images.. If you can get out of India. Do it Best decision you will make for you and future generations: Seriously if you can get out of India. why the hell would you stay here..India with 1.7 Billion people mostly unintelligent people and Climate Change. Climate Change will make India largest refugee 400500 Million creator in history of Humanity. 70 of Bangladesh will be unlivable 40 of Pakistan will be unlivable 30 of Indians will be absolute destitute and potential refugees. If Climate Change of 45 degrees happens likely at present rate India is doomed into oblivion.. How does it matter if we celebrate Friendship day or not: I mean other than people bombarding your WhatsApp with gifs and friendship day photo. Any doc he[r]e Got dengue for the second time: Hello I had a sudden onset of fever and headache..and had a check for dengue. Once confirmed within two days of the symptom I was admitted to hospital and was given fluids through IV. I did not have any severe symptoms except for the initial few days. Its been almost 10days since and still have high fatigue. I just wanted to know a few things since the place I work at where I contracted dengue is actually endemic for it. So if at all it happens a third time how bad are my chances Will it be okay if Im treated at an early stage or will that too be futile. Ill be taking care of protecting myself of course but its a small mosquito and its a topical country I do really fear there may be good chance to contract again. Dengue is currently endemic in south Karnataka and Kerala. A lot of people that I know are contracting it. Location Mysore. [R] Any good resources for learning Hindi from scratch: So this isnt a DAE post its something that Im frustrated with myself about. Im sorry if this post seems out of place I just felt there might be more people who might be able to offer some helpful advice on this thread. I was born and brought up in the Middle East and am originally from Kerala. Although I was in a CBSE school till I stepped into college my Hindi is the worst but not because I wasnt a good student. I dont remember scoring less than 95 mugging up meanings and sentences but I know peanuts practically. Most of my friends were North Indians/Pakistanis but the lingua franca was always English so I never used it there either. The Hindi teacher I had throughout was notorious for making fun of Mallus and our accents and I was a shy introverted kid who was embarrassed enough to not ask for extra help though I needed it badly. We didnt have cable and since this was outside India there was no exposure to the language on TV/radio/print and the internet wasnt a thing yet. Thing is I love learning languages. Ive taught myself Kannada had French and Arabic in school as part of the syllabus and was even teaching myself how to read and write Tamil a few months back. I dont feel an obligation to learn Hindi/Urdu but I feel like Im missing out on a lot by not knowing them. The bitterness from my school days still lingers and each time I try to pick it up thinking Ill laugh off any mockery that people initially tend to resort to it puts a dent on my confidence and I just end up thinking fuck it Ill just wing it. Ive tried watching some YouTube videos downloaded books meant for nonIndians tried to translate Hindi songs to get words to stick but apart from picking up some extra vocabulary Im no better off than where I was initially. Im especially poor at grammar and find it easier to learn when approached structurally e.g. though French has the same issue of gendered nouns as Hindi it didnt make it extra challenging because there seemed to be a pattern whereas in Hindi it doesnt seem as straightforward to me. Are there people here who learnt the language late in life What online resources can help someone like me pick up the language over a period of time Im afraid I dont have the time to go for regular classes right now so Im looking for something I can do in my free time. TLDR really bad at Hindi despite multiple attempts to learn any good gems out there that can make the process easier for a South Indian noob who can read and write Hindi fluently. Mob Attacks Gau Rakshaks In Maharashtra After They Stop Tempo Carrying Cows To Slaughterhouse. Why do Indians have such freaky cringeworthy expression of nationalism/patriotism : So its a given that most of the typical Indians are more or less rabidly patriotic. I wish to discuss about how that sentiment is expressed whether openly or subtly. Specifically Im sure you have all seen this expression many times in comments [LOVE MY INDIA]https//qph.ec.quoracdn.net/mainqimg0dbfd468f17d494a1ae349be1a4101ca.webp AFAIK and Ive asked people of many nationalities Indians seem to be the only people that have such lame term. You dont hear/see people say/write Love MY USA/China/Korea/France/Malaysia/Russia... oh and also the overused Jai Hind other nationalities dont seem to have the Victory to cry.. Hello Randians I need your advice: [deleted]. Indian Innovation Too much Valley KoolAid without the Valley. Indian innovation and entrepreneurship suffer because they rely too much on the Silicon Valley model without the Valleys infrastructure and ethos [Old]. Indian Innovation Too much Valley KoolAid without the Valley. Indian innovation and entrepreneurship suffer because they rely too much on the Silicon Valley model without the Valleys infrastructure and ethos: [deleted]. Will The Ganga Be Cleaned This century. Fatal Heights The Untold Deaths Of Indias Construction Workers. Meme flair on randia: Anyone else think that we should have a seperate meme flair for our dankest memes. To think like a philosopher. Varanasi could be Indias new Gods Own Country amid effort to rebrand it as a home to all religions. TIL in 1971 someone managed to withdraw 60 lakhs from State Bank of India by impersonating Indira Gandhi on the phone [P]. According to the Global Slavery Index 2017 an estimated 18 million Indians live in modernday slavery.. Raja Harishchandra 1913 Indias First Movie: Raja Harishchandra is a 1913 Indian silent film directed and produced by Dadasaheb Phalke and is the first fulllength Indian feature film.The film was based on the legend of Raja Harishchandra recounted in the Ramayana and Mahabharata. The silent film had intertitles in Marathi and its cast and staff were primarily Marathi people. The film marked a historic benchmark in the film industry in India. Only one print of the film was made and shown at the Coronation Cinematograph. It was a commercial success and paved the way for more such films. https//www.youtube.com/watchv4PttxiFYny0 . [Serious][NP] Need Help with Customs Penalty Under Section 112a: I ordered a drone for Rs 900 from Alibaba/China in November 2015 and received a letter from Customs when it arrived in India that I am required to present a clearance letter from DGCA/DGFCs office [1]. I chose to forgo the drone and did not take any action. Today I have received a notice about 1.5 years later that they are confiscating the item under Customs Act 1962 Section 111d. It also mentions I am liable to penal action under 112a for improper importation. I have written back to them with my consent for confiscating the drone and asked them about the penalty. I am worried about what penal action I may liable to. From what I have found Section 112a ii [2] theres a monetary penalty that I am okay with but cannot find the procedure to pay anywhere. Does anyone know of any other actions that may be taken against me Or how to pay the regulation fine Thanks. [1] http//dgft.gov.in/Exim/2000/NOT/NOT16/NotificationNo.16English.pdf [2] http//www.cbec.gov.in/htdocscbec/customs/csact/csactch14revised. Beti Bachao The Declining Sex Ratios Of Indian Cities: [deleted]. Why Indian Workplaces Are Losing Women Our Nationwide Investigation Begins: [deleted]. Renaissance From The Bottom [On Keralas Success]. 100 rise in breastfeeding in a decade. TIL that the CPI of Kerala abolished feudalism and established a capitalist agriculture system.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 25: [removed]. Supriya Sule Speech Mob Lynching Violence in the Country Parliament Monsoon Session. Climate change and Overpopulation is devastating to India with 1705 Million people in 2050 life in India will be miserable.: [deleted]. Climate change and Overpopulation is devastating to India with 1705 Million people in 2050 life in India will be miserable.: [deleted]. Climate change and Overpopulation is devastating to India with 1705 Million people in 2050 life in India will be miserable.: [deleted]. Climate change and Overpopulation is devastating to India with 1705 Million people in 2050 life in India will be miserable.: [deleted]. [R] Things to remember. Im not sure if Dr. Kalam did say whats in the picture.. My argument on reservation: [removed]. My argument against reservation.: [removed]. Climate change and Overpopulation is devastating to India we will never reach 1st world just see.: [deleted]. Giveaway Web Hosting Limited Period Offer. Withdraw troops or face consequences says Chinese diplomat. More than half of Indias languages may die out in 50 years survey. A maths problem only an Indian could solve 80 90 100. Maths problem only Indians can solve.: [deleted]. We need a crowdsourcing forum for helping distressed farmers. IMMEDIATELY.: Ive been in Punjab for the past few months. Things are still grim. Open the newspaper and every day theres news of farmer suicides. Its very troubling that debts for some farmers are ridiculously low by the standards of most moderately well to do folk. For one farmer it was 23 lakhs The first thing that came to my mind was all the stupid things I buy books gadgets fast food booze. And some dude is dying for what looks like a tiny amount compared to debts well to do folk have. We cannot expect governments to do everything. This is a Republic. The most important Republican ideal is Fraternity. There is no justice in the world but that which we owe to each other as brothers and sisters who are equal in this fraternity. Each other is our responsibility. What I feel is someone needs to come up with some sort of crowd sourcing forum. Where needy farmers can appeal to folks to take on their debt. This could involve some kind of securitisation. Where farmers debt is converted into small bonds that common folks can guarantee. Or alternatively the crowd could pay it off. So folks do you think this is tenable We cannot keep living in our cyber la la lands while folks around us suffering for their smallest needs. Like I said governments will only do so much. Ultimately the responsibility is of ALL citizens to look after each other. And for those more capable to look after the less. . [R] How do you view this statement Your birth determines your fate: given the huge inequality in wealth and education around the world. Dear Nolan Saar Myself Commerce Student. Casting Call by French Agency for Indian Extras for Dunkirk. Sonu Hamare Pe Bharoso Kahe Nahin Ki Bhojpuri Version. Pro Niti Travel Top Burma Travel Adventure. [Serious]What are your thoughts on leg lengthening: Im 54 and Ive always been short. Ive never seriously considered limb lengthening but when Im feeling low and bad about myself I sometimes consider a slew of cosmetic surgeries. Yes things are kinda bad. Im sure enough posts have been made on the problems us short people face so I wont go into that. I wanted to talk about it tho. After reading [this]http//www.khaleejtimes.com/international/india/manundergoessurgerytolengthenhislegs I feel a little better. Its about a guy thats 57 that spends 7L on the operation. I feel that if a guy thats at my target height isnt satisfied then its just a psychological thing and I shouldnt spend maybe a year of my life in a hospital bed with surgery that is painful and costs money I dont really have. Yes I do feel that this is me saying the grapes are sour but I think that I can do without this procedure. What do yall think Has anyone here had it done Edit My dating life is fine guys. Thanks for the suggestions Edit Thanks for all the positive comments guys. . About 321 Indian Children Died Every Day Of Diarrhoea In 2015 Reflecting Basic Health Failures: [deleted]. Private colleges charge huge money: [removed]. TIL Johny Johny Yes Papa Many More video by ChuChu TV has highest no. of views 1.2 billion as of now from India on Youtube. This video is basically popular Nursery Rhyme Collections.: [deleted]. Will Tesla come to India like Jeep did: [removed]. Internet India China home to 39 of young Internet users UN report: [deleted]. Vice Admiral of the Navy has been fined Rs 5 lakh by the Court for inflating his soninlaws annual confidential reports while spoiling the ones of his fellow officers in the highlyspecialized field of nuclear reactor operations on submarines. But the problem is institutional and much severe.: I read this news in a small corner of a newspaper. I hope more from the print and visual media cover this news. Source http//www.hindustantimes.com/punjab/aftflaysnepotisminnavyfindsviceadmiralforhelpingsoninlawinpromotion/storyOrRej15P3m2Dyv3I6NFt1K.html Coming down on nepotism in the Indian Navy the principal bench of the Armed Forces Tribunal AFT New Delhi on Monday has imposed a cost of Rs 5 lakh on viceadmiral PK Chatterjee now retired for helping his soninlaw Commander AV Agashe in getting favorable assessments and further promotion to Captain at the cost of others. The bench quoted the Supreme Court to say No man shall be a judge in his own cause and justice should not only be done but manifestly and undoubtedly seem to be done. The matter pertains to 20122014 when Chatterjee was the then Inspector General Nuclear Safety IGNS and was the Senior Reviewing Officer SRO of both Agashe and the petitioner in the case Commander SS Luthra. It is disturbing and surprising that the Indian Navy does not have an inbuilt system to ensure such probable occurrence between relatives are addressed institutionally so that such a situation as occurred in this case does not manifest and added that Chatterjee who was a threestar ranking officer at no stage had made known to Navy the fact that he was consistently reporting on his soninlaw and when not reporting was fully in the position of influencing his confidential report chain the bench added while also striking down Chatterjees assessments. Other source http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/tribunalslamsnepotisminnavyimposesrs5lakhasfineonviceadmiral/articleshow/59851886.cms. Rakhi Gifting ideas [R]: Have been giving usual boring gifts all these years. Would have my first salary this month and I really want to know what out of the box DIY/online products this community knows about. Cheers . FREE Daily SQL Challenge 21: [removed]. you should read the comments guys: [deleted]. Mate got married off to an American. The height difference is apparent: [deleted]. Want to attend a workshop in Bangalore: [removed]. Go Kayaking on the Kerala Backwaters with Kerala Bicycle Trips. [R] 74 Old Practitioner Keeping the Indian Martial Arts of Kalaripayattu Alive. India is a terrible place 2 things Indians should do: We have way more than enough 1334 Million people in July 2017 1. NO children especially in villages. 2. Every Indian should eat nutritional food. India has 33 of global poor people. 40 of girls in India are malnourished. 45 Indians dont have toilets. India is one of filthiest countries. 90 of woman face domestic and other violence. These are horrendous stats in fact the worst in the world we are just producing babies in quantities. thats it.. india will be first world only if we stop breeding: [deleted]. The Stasis interest in India From love affairs to Indira Gandhi. Frida Kahlo wearing a saree. Am I the youngest randian [R]: Current age stands at 15 years and 7 months. Would be really surprised if there is anyone younger. Using a throwaway acc so any witch hunt or trolling attempts are futile. Lets see how r/india resoponds. Reddit is going mainstream guys and its certainly not good.: [deleted]. When you want to use your r/india Knowledge on FB.. [Serious] Need advice on arranged marriage: OK so some background here. Im a male born amp brought up in a metropolitan city who has always lived with his parents. Im close to the age of marriage and Ive been meeting girls so that I can have an arranged marriage. One thing that has been bothering me recently is that Ive met a lot of great girls whom Ive liked but rejected only because theyve had past relationships. The thing is Ive never been in a relationship in the past and Ive always wanted to marry someone who hasnt been in one either. I know it doesnt sound logical but I dont think I can get over the thought of being with someone who has already been amp possibly even had sex with someone else. I just wanted to know if Im being too irrational on this. Is there anyone else on reddit who shares this belief Or am I the only one Serious replies are appreciated thanks.. Almost got molested/mugged by a chhakka at Moolchand Flyover.: [deleted]. Rant Personal frustrations about the brand of Pentecostalism as its practised in India and just religiosity in general. I fucking hate religion.: I come from an unfortunately religious family. My parents especially my mum are so religious its fucking infuriating. We follow Pentecostalism. Its a cancerous part of the Protestant sect. You know how you see videos of people dancing around like theyre possessed and blabbering gibberish Yep thats us. Also my family is from Kerala. For those of you that dont know the Pentecosts in Kerala are fucking nuts. Probably the most hardcore Christians Ive seen in the country. Anyway so Im home for the summer. When Im away I never go to the church except for Christmas but thats not out of religiosity. I tell my parents its too far and its too tiring and whatnot. But since Im home now I struggle to find my way out of these church meetings. I always mentally prepare myself for these weekly church sessions when Im coming home. I know I have to go to church on Sundays to keep up appearances. Ive made my peace with it. Its these additional fucking meetings during the weekdays the church insists on having that I fucking despise. Theres supposed to be a youth meeting as they call it going on right now. Im a young dude so Im supposed to show up for these things. These are the worst. I wont go into why but I hate these. Theres other meetings during the week too. Theres a cottage meeting which is when one of the church members decides to hold a meeting at their house so everyone from the church meets up over there and they pray and shit. All of these additional meetings are mindnumbingly boring and repetitive. I mean Ive been going to these things for over two decades. Theres literally nothing new there is to be said. Everything theyre saying has already been said. Ive heard all the stories. All the moral lessons are predictable and obvious. I mean I dont get why people even go to these things. They all seem so excited to be there. Like they have no lives outside of this church thing. They finish their jobs and fucking come to these things right after Imagine that You work your arse off at your day job and then instead of wanting to relax and chill you go to some boring stupid meeting and pray and sing songs and shit. God even typing this out is irritating. I just had an argument with mum because she kept asking me to go to this youth meeting. I said that I dont wanna go because its going to last for hours And mums like So what When I was your age we used to sit through hours of these things. We were fine. Ugh. And then when she realised that Im not going to go she was like You know this privileged life of wealth and comfort youre enjoying Thats because your father and I spent decades praying to God. God is the one who gave us all this shit. Nobodys going to look out for you but God. I swear to fucking god man. I feel like mum would pick God over her own fucking son. Like this blind devotion is so rageinducing. No mum youre not rich because God was kind enough. Youre rich because you worked your arse off. Ive seriously considered telling my parents to fuck off with this Christianity shit. Ive wanted to tell them that I dont believe in this for the longest time. A couple of things hold me back. One my mum would be heartbroken. I mean shes so deep into it. Shell be convinced that Im going to hell and shell be devastated. Itll just hurt them so much. Secondly if I tell them I dont know how theyll react. Will they ask me to get the fuck out Will they force me to attend these things even more Will they try to convert me forcefully How differently will they treat me My whole extended family is Christian. How will they react Will they abandon me as well If I fuck up in life theyll be like Look at him he swore off Christianity and look at the state of his life. If I do well theyll be like His parents were servants of God and hes reaping all the rewards of Gods kindness to his parents. I feel like theyll be generally hostile towards me. All of these whatifs make me not want to tell them. There is no particular point to this post. Its just a frustrating rant about the state of religion and especially this particular version of religion and the way its practised in India. Not really seeking any advice as I know that I have to wait for some kind of a financial independence to minimise the impact of me coming out to my parents. Thats not happening any time soon. Im halftempted to say it and get myself kicked out of the house so I can just not worry about this shit anymore. I can start my life anew. Sure Ill be dirt poor but at least I dont have to keep pretending I give a fuck about God. Its stupid I know. But fantasising about it is kind of relieving. I feel like I should blame the Jews for inventing this shit. And then the Romans for buying into this shit. And then the Brits for infecting my country with this shit. And then the Americans and the Brits for morphing this shit into this particular extrashitty version that is known as Pentecostalism. Also my ancestors for being fooled by this shit. /rant. How to Fix Indias Sex Selection Problem. Received a notice U/a 143 1a from IT Dept: [removed]. The next time you plan on buying on new appliances. Normal day in Rajya Sabha. Supreme Court Aadhar Case Hearing Discussion xpost r/antiaadhar. Thanks to cheap internet FB has become as Shity place.:  People posting and promoting fake news. People Ruining their good images with bad filter. People who can not express themselves in words posting hundreds of selfies. Over make upped Girls posting selfies. People live streaming eating on kfc/MD and some store. People writing cringe filled phonetics not english not hindigod know what is it. Overly cluttered and redundant interface. Both messenger and fb app has become so badly optimise that even a GB of ram is not enough to run them. Autoplay videos just eats phone battery like a hungry dog eats meat. Dumb friends tagging me on some dumb cartoon picture of bheem. People sharing meme which are reuploaded to pixelation. People adding me to groups without my approval and there is no way to know who added me. Feeds Filled with Shared post from groups. Someone sending a sticker and assume it means the same to me as it to her. Someone sends me a laughing minion what does it even means sarcasm should I laugh or is she mocking me Girls comments and replies filed with marry me sheeps. New web messaging interface is childish and lags in older computers. Basically everything wrong about internet in a single website. . [R]andians help me with legal issues for my online business.: Hi So I am planning to start an online business through Amzn Fk etc and I have 2 Products A sourced in India with Bill amp B which is a small product sourced from ChinaAlibaba. My question is 1. Registrations For online selling via a sole proprietorship what registration do I need I am taking a GST number but is there anything else that is needed 2. Import Export Code For Product B itll be shipped from China via DHL amp the value of the first batch will be under Rs 15K. Do I need an IEC code Or say I dont have an IEC code but DHL sends the shipment to me without issues do I still need an IEC code 3. Any online seller here who can shed light on both above and any other legal documentation that may be required Thanks . FREE Daily SQL Challenge 20: [removed]. Now after Rs 10 coins people are refusing to accept New Re 1 coins.: This is going way to out of control Now. I am from Purulia and a fucking whatsapp message did this. . Now Trolls Tell Mohammad Kaif That Chess Is Haraam After He Posts Picture With His Son. Get the best Adventure trips in Myanmar. Stunning Podcast. every Indian should listen: http//player.fm/series/replyall/102longdistance podcast by Reply all about Indian call center scammers and how it works..hope it goes viral in India. Dont Blame The Empire. Do not buy from FLIPKART [I bought a Sansui55INCHTv] They will not honour their own return/warranty policy nor they have any sense of after sales service after taking your money They are just a glorified scam platform to sell defective products[RANT]: UPDATE1 I was able to get my matter resolved with Flipkart and they picked up the TV and are processing the refund. After waiting it out I was able to dig out the E Mail IDs of their grievance officer and the CEOs. I sent out a mail stating my grievances and also informing that in case the issue is not attended to I will be planning to take legal recourse. Within 24 hours their senior team got in touch and swinged into action. Thereafter they promised to conclude the matter. Apparently the whole issue is to do with Sansuis pathetic after sale service and they are to blamed Fortunately since I rasied the complaint in the return period Flipkart just picked up the TV and is now processing my refund. Although I feel the customer care at Flipkart should have been able to do this as soon as my complaint was raised but since they indeed honored their policy I have no more grudges against them but only advise to improve their turnaround time. As for SANSUI I urge you all to refrain buying their products as I reached their after sales team multiple times sent them messages called them numerous times but their failed to show up Retailers and ECommerce companies should blacklist such brands MY ACTUAL POST BEFORE THE ISSUE WAS RESOLVED IS BELOW I post this long rant here to forewarn any one who intends to make expensive purchases from Flipkart and also Sansui India. In my dealing with them since past few days I have learnt that they have ZERO sense of responsibility after selling a defective product and its just a bunch of incompetent customer representatives making false assurances. Mind you that I stay in capital of India New Delhi which is a top metro where both these companies have local offices and established service networks hence it should not take so long to provide a resolution. I purchased a Sansui 55 Inch Ultra 4K TV from Flipkart assuming they are a reliable and renowned website. I bought it from a Flipkart assured seller which is probably their own company OmnitechRetail. It was covered by a 10 days Return policy which covers either replacement or refund. Moreover the TV also came with a 3 Years extended warranty by Sansui in the price that I bought at Rs 49000 [heavily discounted from Rs 69000 in their pre GST Sale] The installation and demo went on smoothly from Sansui after 2 days of the delivery of the TV. Thereafter I started noticing that the TVs colour displays and picture rendition had issues. These were not problems with colour settings but apparently it was RGB issue thus displaying colours off or spreading them out with distortion in the image. I raised my complaint with Flipkart prior to completion of the return period after trying to tweak all settings but noticing the issue persisted. The complaint was raised on 12th July and I was assured that it would be addressed by Sansui by 15th July. Moreover since Flipkart did not have a product in stock they told me instead of replacement they would offer a refund once the technical rep visits and reviews the issue. It is almost 16 days that neither Flipkart nor Sansui has addressed this issue. I have been contacting Flipkart daily through phone E Mail and Facebook. They revert rather quickly on Facebook with preset responses in their system stating that they need more time and be patient but still not making it clear how they intend to close the issue which was supposed to be concluded by 15th July. Sansui is far worse in their after sale service. I raised a complaint with them as well through their call centre. Their own call centre then gave me multiple number of their branch service heads. I keep calling the call centre daily following up on complaint. These so called branch service dont answer their phones. Twice I got lucky and spoke to the head who stated to have seen my complaint in the system and will try to send a Senior technician to check whether the TV has a problem with TCON Board or Picture Control board. He assured me since TV is new they would rather replace the TV. Since then no one has bothered to visit nor the call centre has any status update and asked me to wait. I reached them through Facebook and they responded that they have taken note of my complaint and some one will address it. Sadly no one has reached out to me. This is the state of how things work at Flipkart and Sansui whereby if you are saddled with a defective product even covered under return policy or extended warranty do no expect a resolution anytime soon. I am totally disgusted with approach of Flipkart and hold them responsible since I purchased the TV from them. Being first point of contact and sale as per their policy they should now refund my money since they do not have a replacement in stock. I am planning to take legal recourse now that both the companies have failed to honour their own policies which are documented by me. I appreciate if others here could guide me so that I take this matter to highest level in Flipkart and also on how I can file a complaint against them under IPC 420 for fraud/cheating. In meanwhile I hope others would be sensible and not trust these two companies with your money. Let my misery be a lesson to all that it is far better to deal with brick and mortar stores in case of expensive electronics than trusting Flipkart. . Education Minister inspecting Delhi Govt. Schools.. KVPY 2017 Scholarship up to Rs. 80000 by GOI KVPY Application Form Sample Paper Syllabus. Over 45000 vendors in Rajasthan refuse to rent out wedding supplies to protest child marriages. AnyoneCare to explain this sht: [deleted]. Kindly read to value your life a little more.. Request Please dont post spoliers openly: Especially game of thrones. why are we still Breeding in this worlds greatest overpopulated shithole: [deleted]. why are we still Breeding in this worlds greatest overpopulated shithole: [deleted]. why are we still Breeding in this worlds greatest overpopulated shithole: [deleted]. why are we still breeding in this worlds greatest overpopulated shithole: [deleted]. President Abdul Kalam on Spirituality: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 18: [removed]. Have you guys heard Jack Daniels fishing story: [removed]. Is ancient India overrated A mindblowing analysis by Chinese Ex Professo[r] from University of Toronto: [deleted]. What no strings attached taught me about love and sex Agents of Ishq. Lady journalist from Delhi is abused by kids and nothing can be done here. Something wrong with our law. TIL Tamil Nadu hardly receives 15 of Keralas rainfall during monsoon season.: Monsoon season Jun Sep. Average for 19512000 Kerala 2039 mm Tamil Nadu 317 mm Delhi 636 mm Even Delhi receives double the rainfall of Tamil Nadu in this period. Infact all other coastal states receive 2x 7x of Tamil Nadus monsoon rainfall. Source http//hydro.imd.gov.in/hydrometweb/Sul301uaynbtqnqvz0jasoont/PdfPageImage.aspximgUrlPRODUCTS\RainfallMaps\NormalRainfallMaps\Monsoon\State\MonsoonSTATENORMALRAINFALLMAPCOUNTRYINDIAc.JPGamplandingpageother. [R] Anyone from Indus University Ahemadabad. [R] Regarding student unions and the right to freedom of association in India: TLDR Does the right to freedom of association as guaranteed by Article 19 of the Constitution guarantee the rights of students within a university to unionise I know of a university that outright prevents students from forming political affiliations with outside parties something that I agree with by the way but at the same time disallows the formation of a student union. There is a student council but it is a rubberstamp body under the deans office. Does the existence of a student council mean that even nominally our right to freedom of association has been granted. TIL Martial rape is legal in India if the bride is over the age of 15.: [removed]. Former KGB Agent talking about indian missions: [deleted]. [Old] Over 50 scary images depicting filth of Varanasi and River Ganges that went viral in China. [R] AskIndia What was the last well written article you read. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 17: [removed]. Why is India so filthy The Ugly Indian TEDxBangalore old video. What is the salary of President of India. [R] A Nonprofit for reducing food waste Indian food waste is the 4th highest in the world while having nearly 195 Million people malnourished.. Almost 70 Of Keralas Population Were Hindus At the Beginning Of The 20th Century Do You Know Where The Numbers Stand Now. Mirchi Songs Idedo Bagundi Video Song Latest Telugu Video Songs Prabhas Anushka. Can someone teach me basic conversational Tamil: [deleted]. LetsTalkAboutHate Revisiting Mirchpur Where Atrocities Continue to Haunt Dalits. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 16: [removed]. Is anyone here appearing for CA IPC exams this November I need friends: [deleted]. [R] 84 the Worlds Oldest Female Indian Sharpshooter. Game[R]s how do you protect your eyes: People who game regularly do you use any sort of eye protection I was finding that my eyes strain over a long sitting so I looked into gaming glasses and couldnt find any cheaper lt2500 ones. So any ideas or jugaads Also would you buy these expensive ones [LINK] http//www.gunnars.co.in/products/gamingeyewear.aspx Thanks Edit I have a [short survey] https//goo.gl/forms/6F5apmXLjfMqHz3j2 as part of my project. Thanks. Chakravarthy Naughty Girl New Kannada item HD Video Song 2017 Darshan Arjun Janya. Kargil war When an IAF Jaguar had Sharif Musharraf in its crosshairs. India is worst country for women. absolute Fact.: [deleted]. An open letter to my young f[r]iends who are in high school: Hello everyone I got my first job. I want to share some insight with all my young friends. Before I begin a bit about me Im browsing and posting on r/india since 56 years and Im 22 year old. This means essentially Im using Reddit since I was in school. This is a throwaway to protect my identity. In school I didnt study at all scored 65 in 11th and 67 in 12th. Managed to get an admission in a tier 3 college did engineering in CS worked my ass off and got a nice low 7 digit package. Now this is kind of story you guys hear from people. That college doesnt matter talent matters. Let me tell you its a lie. I was bullied in my university for studying I was surrounded with idiots who only had this goal in life to stop me from coding from getting better. I was surrounded by professors who didnt knew jackshit about their subjects who would also bully me for asking questions. I had to endure a lot. It was nothing short of a trauma. To give you a gist the second highest package in my college is less than my half so I really stood out. Studied subjects coded day and night and worked hard. I dont write this to brag about what I achieved. I write this to tell you all what I didnt achieve. Coding and CS is fun in groups. I was in an isolated college around 300KM away from any big city with 80 attendance requirement compulsory. Less than 90 attendance would effect grades which means lower cGPA and lower companies I could even apply to. I couldnt find a single person in my entire year who would code with me or discuss things I wanted to talk about in CS. It was a nightmare. I was a loner. It was disastrous. For four years everyone pulled my leg and taunted me/bullied me/made fun of me while I was studying. People would come in my room and not let me study or code / pass badd comments etc. Theres only so much a man can take. I never bothered much and kept on doing my work. You know guys from IIT are getting 1.5x times what Im getting. They dont know jackshit. My company is one of the poor companies at their campus. The good guys there are working for top notch companies or going abroad for studies. The bad ones are at my company making much more than me. Im jealous of them..not because of the package.. but because kind of environment they had at university..where solving 67 questions on codechef long challenge was only a good thing..where you could actually find people do things with you..do interviewprep or side development projects..what not I hate to say that but I was an idiot for not putting effort in school..I would have had much more better years in university had I put more effort..guys do put all hard work for getting to a better university if you are serious about career..environment matters a lot..Thatsa all I have for you . India is worst country for women. absolute Fact.: [deleted]. r/india what are your favourite brand for clothes and accessories: What are some budget friendly brands that you would recommend Preferably for casuals.. India is worst ever country for women. absolute Fact.: [deleted]. [Serious] What to move out. How: I am software engineer from Bangalore recovering from a major surgery resulting in a broken relationship want to move out to get a fresh start and also reduce cost of medical expenses I have checked my medical expenses will be cheaper in most other countries relative to income about INR10K / month in other countries INR 80000 / month in India it is insanely expensive here. Moving elsewhere in India is not an option due to family reasons. What are my options of moving out of India other than those below GRE I am 31 years old currently dont think 2 years of MS is the best option for me right now will be 33 by the time I finish studies and competing with 24 year olds. AU / CANADA Have looked into AU PR am aware of this option reading up on it. Any insights you can offer would be sincerely appreciated.. mumbai lonavala ride timelapse. disgrace worst nation: [removed]. Why India Needs To Count Its Broken Toilets. The case of a missing maid has ignited a class war in a luxury housing complex in India. The making of Indiras India Why the former Prime Minister needs to be remembered for more than the 1971 war or the Emergency: [deleted]. Every third child bride in the world is Indian report. How Nolan forgot the desis at Dunkirk Times of India. H1B visa issue not quiet in US Trump team cracking the whip on fraud and abuse. [Serious] [NP] What is the big deal if Bollywood does nepotism when it happens in almost every other field: I understand that two wrongs dont make a right but why are people shting so much on Bollywood these days while conveniently ignoring nepotism in other fields like business politics etc. Hell even aam junta will do it if given a chance. Are people not being hypocritical Genuinely curious.. [R] Data has become the new oil says Nandan Nilekani. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 15: [removed]. A request to mods to add an Entertainment flair.: [removed]. Ramanathaswamy Temple of Thousand Pillars with longest Corridor. About credit card reward points [R]: [deleted]. Study in Germany or Ireland: Hey everyone Anyone here having an experience of doing MS in either of Ireland or Germany Im planning my masters in second half of 2018. By that time Ill have 3 years of work experience. My field of work is Data Science and would like to do my masters in the same field. I have just started doing research wrt to Unis courses they offer etc. I would like your help on the following 1. If you are aware of univs offering Data Science or Analytics courses could you please link them 2. Any specific sites I could take help of Apart from Google ofcourse 3. How are the job opportunities for a foreigner there 4. Tuition cost of living etc Im based in Mumbai. Any good counsellors I can get in touch with . This whitewashing of Genocidal British colonialism need huge response from Indians: [removed]. There Is No Dignity Without Privacy Senior Advocate Anand Grover [Read Written Submission] Live Law. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 14: [removed]. [R] How big a role does your caste/religion/state identity play in getting favors or things done easily in your life: Is it nonexistent where you work for instance or do people still get promoted or given certain opportunities because of the circumstances they were born into. If Indias Monsoon Fails A BillionPerson Question.. Why India Needs To Count Its Broken Toilets: [deleted]. Investigation into Indian pulse price surge reveals cartels are to blame. Tripura Police use Lathis to discipline candidates appearing for recruitment test in Tripura State Rifles TSR. Does anybody here has an experience with centralized air coolers [R]: So a friend is planning to get a centralized air cooler installed in his new home. I am unsure about the efficiency though and was wondering if anybody has an idea about how well it works. This is in a place which isnt very humid. Any experience . Weirdest Request to Work With Me. Need Help Fedex says package delivered and signed even though we did not receive the package.: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 13: [removed]. Is the Aadhar linking with mobile number really mandatory: Im aware they have a date given 6th Feb 2018 but can we NOT do it now Need for a family member who cant go to the airtel shops and airtel has been bugging me daily soon Jio will do the same. is there any workarounds like in home or do i just wait it out. Privacy not absolute says Supreme Court: [deleted]. Indians Help a brother about CAT Coaching[R]: So I have a brother who wants to sit for CAT this year and hasnt done any prep till date. Can he crack the course starting now Should he take coaching His location is Gurgaon. Which coaching centre should he join if at all Thanks. China moved huge military hardware into Tibet after Sikkim standoff report The report says the Chinese Army moved tens of thousands of military vehicles and hardware into the Tibet region after the standoff with Indian troops in the Dokalam area in the Sikkim sector. Waterfall unable to fall. It is at Naneghat Sahyadri Mountain Range located in Maharashtra India. Online Baby Store Why Buy Unisex Organic Baby Clothes For Your Infant: [removed]. In South Asian Social Castes a Living Lab for Genetic Disease. [R] Need suggestions for buying a Laptop.: [deleted]. Right to Privacy is not Fundamental Right But these cases set a precedent for India. In South Asian Social Castes a Living Lab for Genetic Disease: [deleted]. The guy who invented fake news Salim Fekhu Fake news: [deleted]. Privacy a fundamental right 9judge SC bench will decide. [NP] Answered Why scientists dont work for India: I feel Reddit is a safe place to share this. Im pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Biotechnology and Im currently in my second year. I always talk about going abroad to study further and a very stupid statement I hear every time is You should stay back and work for your country. My answer usually is 1. Fuck you. I dont say this aloud. 2. How about you stop being cunts to scientists and stop promoting fuckall cow logic to other people There is so much pseudo science in this country no scientist wants to stay back thats for sure. No offense to ISRO people because luckily we dont doubt the existence of space at least. 3. India as a country gives AWAY billions of Rupees to temples and religious places. This is a very major problem. Temples should fund scientific research as they get so much money whereas students like us have to beg for sponsorships which nobody offers to fund our research. 4. The government does not promote science at school level whatsoever and teaches students Ramayana with flying monkeys lifting mountains for just one bloody plant. Cuz fuck ecology eh 5. India lacks RampD attitude and we probably are the least innovative country in terms of life sciences and ground breaking research. Sabko engineer hi banna hai No offense but Ive seen dumb kids trying to become engineers then drop out and then do some stupid course. Every parent wants their child to be an engineer for some apparent engineer. Both my elder sisters are and my parents wanted me to become one too. I resisted. I get dissed everyday. 6. The last Nobel prize an Indian won was in 2009. And before that in 1927. Superpower by 2020 my ass. 7. Illiteracy is a problem in this country and students like us would love to see India making it big but politicians are amazing and say cows inhale oxygen and exhale oxygen. Cows excrete plutonium ikr and what not. 8. The laboratories offered to undergraduate students are pathetic. Any high school in the West has a better laboratory than ours. We have to manually do all the tedious work which could be easily automated with the right equipment but NOOOOOOOOO. Ambulances for cows please. 9. When was the last time you donated money to Science Im sure you can recall donating a ton to temples. 10. Godmen are more popular than scientists. Everyone knows Asaram Bapu and Radhe Maa. Ever heard of Har Gobind Khorana Many of you must know about him but you have to agree scientists and engineers are less popular than actors and godmen. TLDR This country is fucked up and full of pseudo science. Nobody in at least a few decades can reverse this idiocy. Sorry for the long post and I know this sounds like a massive rant but this is very frustrating and Im totally venting this out. Also make sure you try not to ask a scientist to stay back and work here. Cheers I hope butthurt idiots dont read this or Ill be lynched. A . Anybody willing to guess what the Supreme Court is going to decide today My guess is...: Ruling in favour of privacy but wont admit that Aadhar is against privacy. That way they make everybody happy and they wont risk upsetting any bigwigs. Whats your guess . India ranks towards the bottom along with the middleeastern and north african countries in female labour participation rate. Source in comments.. CBFC formally sends notice seeking cuts in Amartya Sen documentary. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 12: [removed]. Suggestions please. Is there any dedicated subreddits that publishes current affairs and uptodate news about India. [R]College starts tomorrow and Im scared as fuck: I too have taken BE CSE like the majority of you and college starts tomorrow. I didnt think that Id be this scared but for some reason Im really anxious. I normally am not a very social person and have a very tight knit group of friends. As such Im not able to mingle properly and have difficulty in talking to people. Moreover I studied in a boys only school and so this is the first time Ill have to socialize with girls as well and Im afraid Ill make a damn fool out of myself. People out there who have been through similar things. Any advice on how to deal with social anxiety. latest horror hindi upcoming film teaser bhramjaal new 2017: [deleted]. Nawazuddin Siddiquis cryptic message on Twitter raises questions about biases in Bollywood on basis of skin colour. Married couples only Conservative Indias moral policing extends to Airbnb. Wheres the political humour gone: I remember upto few years back we regularly had political humour clips on news channels pretty regularly. There were these animated puppet like figures of politicians. The humour was equalopportunist is that even a word and no person or party was spared. We were a country that spared no thought at laughing at our politicians or ourselves. Most political humour these days just seems like one party attacking another. Or am I missing some good content some where Because many actions of the current government are ripe for humour. . Question regarding Indian law.: Are there any laws against women emotionally abusing their spouse As the son am I legally allowed to take recordings of my parents conversations without their permission In case of divorce will courts lean in favour of the father if It turns out the mother is an all round asshole What are your views on couples staying together for the child. HSR Citizen Forum teams up with Forest Dept BBMP MLA and reclaims the concrete jungle by planting trees HSR Layout Bengaluru. [rant] uber Lodging a complaint regarding cancellation fee: I booked a cab using uber. the driver could not find my location even after instructing by phone. after 20minutes he gave up and said he cant reach me and is cancelling the ride. on the next ride the i was billed a cancellation fee as driver waited and could not find me how do i complaint against this fradulant behaviour by the driver. please advice. . FREE Daily SQL Challenge 11: [removed]. [R] What is the best 5 seater hatchback in India: Below 10lak if possible. Im a new taxpayer. What does this mean. UPDATE Part II We South Indians need English subtitles for Hindi serials about Sikh Empire Dravidian princess and Aryan prince.: TLDR South Indian guy complains on r/India about the absence of English subtitles for Hindi serials 105 upvotes especially Aaarambh. No one tweets. South Indian guy creates a Twitter account and [requests] https//mobile.twitter.com/PiyushWatchesTV/status/879220893322543104pv hotstarhelps for subtitles. They have no plans. Creates an [update post] https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6jvqxs/updatewesouthindiansneedenglishsubtitles/ 32 upvotes and ONE person retweets. Now requests r/India to retweet his [badly photoshopped image] https//twitter.com/PiyushWatchesTV/status/886936808386420736 if they would like English subtitles too. Essentially its the same argument all over again. South Indians should be allowed to enjoy North Indian programming too. If the subtitles are on Hotstar they are optional and can be turned off so this isnt an English imposition on Hindi speakers. South Indians and North Easterners can learn Hindi while Hindi speakers can improve their English. It also helps the deaf to enjoy Indian media. There are also plenty of nonIndians including spouses who will benefit from this. As of now only two people including me has tweeted using the hashtag [HotstarNeedsSubtitle] https//twitter.com/hashtag/HotstarNeedsSubtitlesrchash. EDIT One more person has retweeted and 2 have liked.. Indian People Quora: [deleted]. [ShowerThought] At my age dating seems like arranging my own marriage: Because of the considerations of age financial condition likes dislikes. Seems like Im arranging my own marriage.. Prison irregularities D Roopa transferred. To be DIG and Commissioner for Traffic and Road Safety. Mumbai civic body sends notice to pull down Cross in Andheri residents upset. Hello Randia I found some Gandhi Family Coins while cleaning my room. From manual scavenger to professor the journey of Kaushal Panwar. Despite facing discrimination at every step Kaushal Panwar managed to achieve her dreams. But she says her identity for people around her is still that of a Dalit.. Earned Rs 84.40 Google play credit in 3 months.. Where Are GoTs Swords Made Why Right Here in India. When modi brings out his flamethrower 2002 after listening to aadvani yap about his rath yatra.: [deleted]. awar kulcha. TheHindu Twisting Facts with False Headlines. Caught lying in the same article: The Headline of the article Christian Muslim households top in donations for charity The data in the article actually says Christians/Sikhs top in donations in Charity per capita. However the author Suvojit Bagchi has somehow come up a nonfactual statement that Christians/Muslims top the list. Christians and Sikhs are the top two in per capita contributions and Muslims are actually at 3 by per capita charity contribution. The author says the Hindus top the list in total expenditure by Hindus but it is thanks to their numbers. Now Am I missing something Maybe I read it wrong Please help [Source]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/christianmuslimhouseholdstopindonationsforcharity/article19285920.ece Data Table http//imgur.com/a/95Faf. After the recent french report: [deleted]. After the recent french report: [deleted]. WhatsApp Forward Says South Indians Are Dirt. I invite the Southerners on this sub to roast the shit out of this.. Hello Randia I found some Dominion of India 194750 Coins while cleaning my attic. Online Shopping from Abroad: I dont know if this is the right place to post this but I was planning to buy a few clothes from the online store SheIn. However I dont know how the implementation of the new GST will affect the total price. I would appreciate any sort of insight into this.. The alarming levels of Indias groundwater. [R] The India China standoff.: [removed]. 6 out of 10 get driving licence without test in India Study. Insurance for seniors.: I would appreciate if someone can explain what kind of health insurance is available for seniors64 with existing conditions in India. Any recommendations and how is the premiums paid monthly or annually. Its time to talk. Period As per the latest National Family Health Survey NFHS4 201516 rural Madhya Pradesh fares the worst in the country in menstrual health management with only 26.4 per cent of women between the ages of 15 and 24 using hygienic methods.. Stay away from Mobiwik Supercash Here is why. [Reposted with imgur screenshot]: Today i spent a little more time to understand mobiwik supercash as i thought like anyother wallet the balance would get deducted but it didnt only 5 More in the link below . After going through the FAQs help pages i understood that mobiwik has devised a wallet which you can never completely use it and above it it vanishes after 45 days. More detail explanation here in quora http//i.imgur.com/JJgito1.png There are many wallets my advice would be read through each one and decide whether they are really worth and what hidden charges are there or what hidden rules are there before starting to pile up the money in those wallet.. Sadanand Dhume A conservatives take on India. Stay away from Mobiwik Supercash Here is why: [removed]. YSK that UGC offers Scholarship for Single Girl Child for her Post Graduate Education Masters no distance education. Save it or share it with someone who can benefit from it. It should go live August when the colleges begin as you need to submit the college admission confirmation as well.: [deleted]. Christian Muslim households top in donations for charity. Man wearing dhoti denied entry at Kolkata mall allowed after he argued in English. Why do we Indians still having Babies 1334 Million people not enough: [removed]. Teens found hanging in OYO room in Dwarka. How should a guy from nonIT field get a job/internship or earn money using programming : Ive been learning programming since last one year. I am comfortable with Java thats what I would like to believe. I am doing CS50 started week 4 and The Odin Project on Google homepage assignment right now. Ive also been learning Clojure since some time now. I come from a nonIT field graduated in 2016. Didnt get a job / so I took a part time language course in university and I am mostly free throughout the week so I spend that learning programming and learning other stuff I like reading books I want to read first 50 books from list [here]http//thegreatestbooks.org/ around 9 books in. As a programmer I dont think I am really good. I have an average intelligence and as such I am not passionate about programming I like it. I would be entering the second year of my language course at uni and I belong to a middle class family eldest. I want to earn money by programming/development.I basically want to earn some money for myself. Ive thought about creative writing but I dont want to do it right now. I am 22 and I dont feel good asking money from dad everytime. And with that out of the way what would be a sort of general way to approach getting job for a guy coming from a nonIT field Please keep in mind that I have no connections as such. I was more or less a loner inside who did small talk to get by in college. I have been through /r/cscareerquestions and old r/India threads but not many of them address the problem from an Indian perspective or for someone who doesnt come from IT field. Last time I posted a question about this. I got some really good advice from one of the mods here. From what I understand I am not a very good programmer nor do I have a good profile on competitive programming sites. I recently got into problem solving started doing codewars 7 kyu. But I want to believe I can keep at something. My only regret is not finishing Eloquent Javascript that book is really bad for a beginner imo. Ive started going to meetups and I try to talk to people. Last time I went to UI/UX meetup and I had no idea what the fuck they were talking about most of the times but I did my small talk. It was embarrassing but I think it was good exercise. I was supposed to go to a wordpress meetup in a posh area of my city and I was anxious af and it was far. I passed and read a thing or two about Elisp instead. From what I have gathered searching online and my meagre two or three meetups 1. Online job portals which aim at startups hasjobs angel.co ask for qualifications and skill that are way out of my league right now. 2. I have tried talking with people who work in IT field mostly folks working in product industry. But I dont know how to break the ice. I ask them what to learn and stuff but how do I ask about job Should I just be direct I usually try to get to know them and they are helpful one of them introduced me to functional programming and still helps me a lot. Do I say I want a job can you refer me How does this work 3. I have went through freelancing sites like upwork and freelancer and the same story there. It is mostly web dev and wordpress and a most of it is out of my league. Actually I saw some things I could do but these were things like doing manual work but I am fine with that. This doesnt look so bad. So I shall investigate it further. 4. Should I do some kind of formal course Ive looked into CDAC. A friend did it and is doing job in TCS. Only caveat is I have to prepare for the exam which would take some months and then apply and then go through college again when I can spend that time learning something else instead especially the exam preparation time. 5. Job fairs. From what I hear and see job fairs dont really have a lot of jobs in IT field. It is mostly BPO folks. But then this is only hear and see so I am not completely sure about this. 6. Ive met another guy who did freelancing through word of mouth. I couldnt get much out of him except that he was a college drop out and it was very stressful for him. He said he did freelancing by meeting people irl. I am tried to get whatever info out that I could by small talk but I would like to know more about how this thing actually works. Its really embarrassing for me to ask someone for freelance work in real life. I am working on this. 7. Referrals. I have no referrals so to speak. Nothing. I dont come from a very good college nor did I make any good friends in college. My ultimate aim is to get a job/internship or anything else which pays. Low paying is fine. And here are some questions I have. 1. How much do github projects matter Ive a couple of projects on github and I am working on others. Do recruiters actually go through my code or is it just glancing over repos/projects 2. Should I put my nonIT qualification/degree on resume 3. How much does a year gap or gap of any span from formal education matter 4. How much does competitive programming matter Frankly the idea of competing with people to solve problems doesnt interest me. I am more of the workthroughthingsandtakeyourtime guy. I am more interested in building something that would solve a problem I am facing Right now I want to create a Linux daemon to detect my kindle programmatically and do something based on that and I have some idea but I dont know enough C/Python for that. So I am learning it right now. But if it makes a difference I am ready to learn that. 5. Should I take more time to learn tools of the trade 6. I hear a lot of people saying contribute to open source but how do you get started with that And how much does it matter I am really anxious about sounding stupid on github but I can fix that with some practice. My other problem is I have to go through code which seems really foreign to me even thought its the same language and I feel like what the heck can I do here 7. What are some tools/things I should learn in general to be more marketable 8. And lastly would it be okay if I meet some tech guy IRL and say well I am jobless right now My usual pitch right now is to say well I am learning this language at uni and I am self learning programming to which there is some twitch/weird expression on their face asking for more explanation. Maybe its just me but I think people want to know what the heck do I actually do. Thats all. Thank you for reading this far Any kind of advice or thoughts would be awesome. I initially thought of asking this on the dev slack channel but I think posting it here would be more useful to other people like me.. Protesting nurses in Kerala pause strike after CM invites them for discussion. Anyone preparing for Civils. [R] Priorities. To impose bond on students of top engineering Institute of india to work in india.. Help me decide a TV /r/india: Cant buy 4K TV as all of them are bigger than 40.. the cabinet size is able to host only 32 for now and we arent buying a new cabinet to host the TV now. Put together a list please let me know your views on which one is better https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1qfbExqVYPSnLCcvZz2cSV1IC7hzCjIXwG5xDwTtl0k/edituspsharing. The Big Picture Govt plans for lateral entry in higher administrative posts rationale and impact YouTube. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 10: [removed]. Uma Bharti continues as a union cabinet minister despite framed charges related to riots case on her no one bats an eye lalus son just raided by CBI and everyone looses there mind.: [removed]. Muslim family on board train in UP assaulted victims say they were attacked for appearing different. Why do we Indians still having Babies 1334 Million people not enough: [deleted]. YSK Malvinder and Shivinder Singh now run hospital chains and its very important that you know about their handling of erstwhile company Ranbaxy: Once there was a company called Ranbaxy Labs. It had a wonderful reputation it was profitable it was pioneering. In fact its reputation could even be called saintly after all did it not manufacture generic drugs all manner of lifesaving medicines Was it not curing AIDS in Africa Are not such companies deserving of admiration capable of making a profit and yet selling affordable medicines Ranbaxy was the backbone of a pharmaceutical sector of which we in India were told to be proudand Indians dont need to be told twice to be proud of something. Well one sad and tragic day the people who built Ranbaxy decided to sell it to a Japanese company called Daiichi Sankyo. The good people of Daiichi Sankyo had done their due diligence they had inspected the books talked to managers toured the plants and come to the conclusion that yes they were worthy of buying the gem that was Ranbaxy the first foreign company to sell generic medicines in the US. When Ranbaxy was sold there was much weeping and gnashing of teeth in India a precious jewel had been given away for something as crass as money. India mourned. Daiichi Sankyo paid 4.6 billion for twothirds of Ranbaxy in 2008. They must have thought theyd got an exceptionally good dealthe very last act of selfless altruism performed by Ranbaxys promoters. Six years later the Japanese were glad to sell what remained of Ranbaxy to one of its competitors for 3.2 billion. The company had lost half its value in six years. It turned out theyd been sold a placebo. Heres a little bit of what was actually going on in Ranbaxy the pride of Indian pharma. Just a taste. In one plants supposedly sanitized room where medicines were made there were flies too numerous to count.40 Elsewhere the refrigerators that were supposed to keep samples at a predetermined low temperature were broken with pools of water from melted ice inside. Some of the pills chosen at random and inspected had what seemed to be hair from an employees arm others had compressed and mysterious black spots that turned out to be the oil that lubricated the plants machinery. And to top off the ewww factor one factory didnt have any running water in the toilets so no employee had been able to wash their hands for a really long time. Remember this is a medicine factory. Meanwhile it turned out that the medicines they were making werent just full of nasty stuff they didnt work to start off with. Ranbaxy had to plead guilty to felony charges in the United States because some of the medicines they were making were adulterated they had to pay a 500million fine. One by one Ranbaxys plants were declared unsafe eventually not one of the four could still export to the USthe major market for its generic version of Lipitor taken by the millions of Americans whore watching their cholesterol levels. Millions of Ranbaxys Lipitor tablets had to be recalled from chemists across the US when glass particles were discovered in them. Craziest of all it turned out Ranbaxy had been methodically falsifying its test records. Batch after batch of its generics was shown as genuine in the test documentsall of which were invented. Regulators in South Africa realized that AIDS drugs from the saintly people at Ranbaxy were little better than placebos when all the test data for various different batches turned out to be identicaland photocopied. They didnt even do a good job with the faking. Well sometimes they tried harder with the faking. On one occasion they forged some documentation about data they had to show regulators which was supposed to be from years earlierand to take that newpaper feel away they aged it in a steam room overnight. In other words in some parts of the world it was just presenting completely false data. In Brazil of the 163 medicines that it was selling it had properly tested only eight. Every step of the way Ranbaxy behaved like a good Indian teenager taking a test it cheated when it could and gamed the test when it couldnt cheat. Sometimes former employees claimed it would just buy brandname drugs and submit them to the FDA as its own in order to pass the tests. All this was known to managers in 2004. Two brave managers both relatively fresh hires launched an investigation one eventually got to say his piece to the companys board. According to Fortune magazine he told the board that more than 200 products in more than 40 countries had elements of data that were fabricated to support business needs. He wound up urging a recall of major drugs and coming clean to regulators. Fortune says Kumar completed the presentation to a silent boardroom. Only one director a scientist showed any surprise about the findings. The others appeared more astonished by Kumars declaration that if he was not given full authority to fix the problems he would resign. Naturally he quit in two days. According to Fortune elaborate falsification of data was discussed at length in email chains that included Ranbaxys CEO and a member of the family that owned it. On one conference call when the uselessness of its AIDS drugs in Africa was discussed a senior executive apparently said Who cares Its just blacks dying. Remember all this was at the very least known internally before Ranbaxys owners sold it to the Japanese. As one US regulator said the companys culture was corrupt to the core. I suppose its a small step from concealing the kind of drugs youre making before you sell them to concealing the kind of company youre running before you sell it. Source Restart India The Last Chance for Indian Economy by Mihir Sharma The former owners of Ranbaxy now run one of Indias largest hospital chains Fortis Healthcare and Religare Wellness. Now what is the reason of posting all this. One of my neighbors who is a 40 yrs old person had a bit of pain in his chest. He took some medicine but the pain kept coming after sometime. He went to get it checked in Fortis hospital. The hospital doctors claimed he arteries in his heart were not working well and he immediately needed a bypass surgery. Now this person is 40 years old with a bit of problem of High Blood Pressure. He got shit scared and even was thinking of getting it done. After all a reputed hospital like Fortis says it must be true. One of his relatives is a doctor with another hospital. His consulted him before fixing the date for surgery. This doctor ran couple of checks and figured out the pain was because of furniture he helped moving from ground floor to 3rd floor couple of days. Just be careful guys. Everyone out there is looking for opportunities to screw you up especially these motherfucking big hospital chains. EDIT Many are asking for links. A simpl google search will give you relevant links. However I would just post the links given by /u/lungithrow2 in the comments http//fortune.com/2013/05/15/dirtymedicine/ http//www.forbes.com/sites/larryhusten/2012/11/29/followingearlierrecallranbaxyhaltsmanufacturingatorvastatin/ https//web.archive.org/web/20140226173706/http//online.wsj.com/news/articles/SB10001424127887323751104578149383396925280 http//www.businessstandard.com/article/ptistories/ranbaxyrecallsover64000bottlesofgenericlipitorinus1140308006461.html http//www.justice.gov/opa/pr/2013/May/13civ542.html http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/fdafindsqualityprocesslapsesatranbaxyplant/article5142039.ece http//www.niticentral.com/2013/09/18/ranbaxyimportbanusfdafoundsuspectedhairoilintablets134445.html. Why do we Indians still having Babies 1000 334 Million people not enough: [deleted]. What is the phone number for complaining about harassment by phone calls for Delhi: My friend is being harassed by someone calling at all times of the day. He even threatened to call the police and the guy still keeps calling and abusing. We are thinking of filing a formal complaint against him. Please help. . Why do Indians still having children 1334 Million people not enough: [deleted]. Aadhar is the best thing to have happened to promote good governance. How an Atheist Was Silenced in Coimbatore [April 17]. Princess Makeup Salon. India will be in trouble if breakaway Antarctica iceberg leads to sea level rise. A rise in sea levels is certain to impact India badly since the country has a long and densely populated coastline.. Please suggest me 5 books to buy tomorrow: Iam going to buy famous and influential books i already decided to buy 5 gt 2 books Sapiens and Homo deus by Yuval Noah Harari afetr seeing lectures on youtube gt Why nations fail by Daron Acemoglu gt The Rise and Fall of Nations by Ruchir Sharma gt The Turn of the Tortoise by Tn Ninan book about Indian Economy Recommend me 15 books more please.. Im gonna order tomorrow . Please suggest me 4 books to buy tomorrow: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 9: [removed]. Rukhsana Sultana The chief glamour girl of the Emergency Investigation. When you thought youll learn new and fascinating things about science but the only thing you learnt was the format of suicide notes. Any volunteering opportunity in Trivandrum:  For a 18 year old About once or twice a week Thank you in advance.. I Googled for about an Hour to determine if Hindu Community is actually Tolerant The Results tell everything: [deleted]. Urvashi Urvashi Full Video Song Hum Se Hai Muqabala Parbhu Deva Nagma A.R.Rahman. When normal bdsm doesnt cut it anymore.. Need some advice from socially adept Randians: Hi i am a socially anxious guy and really want to improve my communication skills over the next few months. I dont think I am suffering from any psychological problem its just a difficult phase due to my previous circumstances. Here is some necessary intro about myself I am a Cs student at a decent college in Delhi. I have been a typical ghissu guy throughout my school years and dont have any real hobby. I have always been living in a closed environment due to overprotective parents and hence never had any real life exposure. Since i didnt have great company in childhood I dont have a good personality and now the cycle is repeating in college again. I have identified the following problems please feel free to help regarding any point. 1.First problem is that I am not a very interesting person because I have mostly lived an actionless life hence I have no anecdotes to tell or even opinion about things.This makes it tough to talk in front of a group.How do I become interesting r/India 2.Another problem is that I am not aware of the trending things people my age are upto I dont get any movie series or tv show reference . Nor am I aware of the good stuff on the internet. Any sources to help start fitting in 3.Another problem I can identify is that I am not involved much in college fests or parties I have been a nerd my life and am just not intrigued enough to participate in them but I also dont want to be a loner. Is there any middle way 4.I realize I lack basic communication skills can you recommend some sites or courses to get started. 5.Any other advice / self help resources will be deeply appreciated.. Need advice from socially adept randians: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 8: [removed]. You know you are a true foodie when.... [NSFW]: [deleted]. My Fathers in trouble please help: He works in Public works department in Delhi. Since Modi has launched Swatch Bharat campaign the amount of workload he is been going through is too high. Its even started affecting his health. Recently he has got orders from his senior officials to complete a task. The task is to get Swachh city app installed on 500 people phones. In his area of field this is a impossible to do. To add more to it they have given a certain deadline to di it. If not done he will have to serious consequences. I dont know what to do. All members are in worry right now and trying to come up with a solution. It would be very helpful if some you guys can share your thought and suggest something.. My Fathers in trouble please help.: [deleted]. thousands of children die of malnutrition today in India: [removed]. Can anyone tell which documents does one have to submitt for document verification for MBBS in Karnataka for Christian quota. [Serious] How to create a self sustaining national fund to boost sports in India: Consider an ideal situation and let your thoughts flow. After the initial setup of the fund it should run on its own without much need for outside money.. Traveled on a Haryana Roadways Bus from JaipurDelhi today. This guy conductor distributed free drinking water RO to everyone on the bus. Not only once but at least 78 times during the 5 hour journey. Faith in humanity restored.. I Googled for about an Hour to determine if Hindu Community is actually Tolerant The Results tell everything: [deleted]. Ed Sheerans Mumbai concert tickets got sold out in just 48 minutes today. Gally Cricket Amit bhadana: [removed]. Kids Clothing Store Make Your Little Ones Birthday Memorable. Renowned cartoonist Mangesh Tendulkar dies in Pune. The Yamuna Indias most polluted river. [R]Does anyone know any good hostels in Bhopal: [deleted]. This little interaction on r/music. All Dhinchak Pooja videos removed from Youtube.: Some guy called Kattappa Singh put a copyright claim. Amazing. . Packages sent by expats workers and lowincome employees stuck over 41 tax: Imports of higher value [2000 rupees Dh114] will attract a total of 41 per cent in taxes comprising 10 per cent basic customs duty 3 per cent education cess and 28 per cent Integrated Goods and Services Tax. http//gulfnews.com/news/uae/society/8000expatshithardbyindiasnewimportrules1.2056311 . ICICI policy of 5 transactions per merchant on credit cards.: Amazon prime day coming to an end and my ICICI credit card stops working. Later I try and add money to PayTM using the same card and I get a message saying my card is blocked for security reasons. I call up the CS and after checking with his guys he says my card is on hold because I am using it for commercial purposes and not for personal reasons. I ask him how he deduced that and in any case what is commercial and what is personal He goes on to says 5 transactions with a single vendor in a day is commercial. So they can unblock my card now but I can use it on Amazon only after 24 hours. Without going into more details I got them to let me use it on Amazon as a special case. Is this the case with all Indian credit cards There must be some logical reason for such a rule. If not the card has a limit and how does it matter to the Bank where I am using it. Anybody else facing the same issue . FREE Daily SQL Challenge 7: [removed]. [R] Females of r/india what are your creepy stalker fb/insta/reddit/whatsapp stories : Who was it and how did it end Also what would you like to tell the Males of r/india to stop such incidents. My golden rule i read somewhere which keeps me in check is If you like her based on her appearances she has every right to reject you based on your own.. [R] Whats the deal with MBBS admissions in this country and what can be done about it: This might come of as a rant but having followed the politics behind medical college admissions for the past few years alone Im appalled at how fucked up the system is. So heres how it works. Since the 80s admissions to Govt medical schools have been based on entrance tests often with gt75 repeated questions which is the bare minimum the Govt can do apart from considering board marks to admit kids based on merit as opposed to say MCAT Med school essays interviews for each candidate to assess their calibre and potential as a future doc in the US. From multiple entrance exams they decided to hold a single NEETUG since 2013 which hasnt been without faults as the implementation was swift despite years of rumors not giving several states enough time to switch over to a uniform syllabus. The 2015 exam had to be cancelled amid paper leak scandals and completely repeated. 2016 had two separate exams held a few months apart with a single ranklist based purely on absolute marks without standardizing for difficulty despite the second paper being much more difficult. That year candidates had to choose between canceling the first exam to appear for the second or opt out of the second exam. Now 2017. Even a month after the exam nobody was sure if it was still valid and whether a reexam would be conducted because of claims that the exam was held in multiple languages to varying levels of difficulty. After two weeks delay results are published but counseling is another dilemma. States havent made up their mind when to do what. Private colleges are still fussing over the fees. And everybody wants to start class in August. Which means things will be decided in a fly candidates notified about procedures last minute and rushed through the admission process. In Kerala every monsoon starts with a debate on Private college fees and the number of seats released to Govt. quota. Every fucking year. No planning a few months in advance no permanent solution. The Karnataka CET cell decided to stay mum for two weeks and then release a circular yesterday evening announcing the need for inperson verification of documents for meritbased private college admissions from today 9 am. Fuck you if you need time to travel from a different state or country to make it here without prior notification. And the one phone number they give you to contact them Nonfunctional of course. Still trying to figure out the state of affairs in other states. Meanwhile the fees keep rocketing from the previous 30 000 annually to 10 lakhs and more annually for merit seats. NRI fees which used to be for management seats have now been converted to NRI merit seats for several times the one for nonNRIs. After all that do these students even get quality education Apart from a handful number of colleges a huge no. Way too many colleges are understaffed have staged patients and pay their way through MCI recognitions. Even MCI inspections are a joke when its always announced months in advance to give enough time for colleges to borrow residents and patients from other colleges. Those students who slog for gt2 years zombieing through life deserve better. This trend of turning MBBS degrees into businesses is what is fueling corruption in the health sector and it will hurt the country big time. We are only churning out disillusioned doctors from the getgo. Is there even a solution. [R]Help Going to US in a month. Need to learn cooking.: I cant cook anything other than maggi. I am trying to learn cooking through my mom but it is frustrating. She will say something like Thoda namak daal and I am like WTF is thoda. I cant do rote learning and there are too many steps/ingredients in Indian cooking which is not helping. I have been to US in the past but for a week and I hated american food. I dont want to go there and starve to death. Any tips books or videos on Indian cooking for novice will be really useful.. Link AADHAAR to Voter ID. Molested by a Hijra advice needed...: I was in an auto with my friends in New Delhi near Lajpat Nagar. A Hijra came to us and started touching my friend who was at one end of the auto. Then the Hijra suddenly grabbed my leg and slid hisor her hand up and grabbed my penis. We pushed hisor her hand away but he still kept grabbing our nipples and feeling our chests and tried to finger our mouths. I was pretty disgusted. Then heor she said that heor she would take of hisor her clothes unless we gave money . Heor she started to undress by taking off hisor her kurta and before it could happen we gave himor her 500 rupees. The traffic just watched and did nothing. I later asked a policemen if we could do anything and he said no cos they have special laws. Any idea what I can do now The Hijra knows my face and I travel through the area almost every other day. Tldr got molested by Hijra dont know what to do.. r/india is work life balance a myth: Bhenchod 10 din hue hai work life chalu hue. Neend bhi premium pe mil rahi hai. I have to sacrifice an hours sleep just to go to the gym. Kaahe ka work life balance.. I have a gut feeling you may call it a conspiracy theory that somehow the attack on the Amarnath Yatra pilgrims is a farce.: Seven Amarnath pilgrims were killed and 12 injured when terrorists opened fire at a vehicle on the SrinagarJammu Highway on Monday night. A police official said the attack took place at Anantnags Batengo area around 8.30 p.m. I have always held the view that Kashmir is an integral part of India. But hear me out. Not everything adds up. 1. Militancy in Kashmir has pretty much proven to be a lost cause. After the 1990s the separatists have realised that instead of openly carrying guns and attacking civilians and security forces it is much more prudent to instigate the local population into rioting and stonepelting. 2. gt As Inspector General of Police IGP Muneer Khan blamed the LashkareTaiba for the attack the militant outfit denied its involvement reports Peerzada Ashiq from Srinagar. gt Islam does not allow violence against any faith. We strongly condemn such acts. Kashmiris have never targeted any pilgrim. India wants to sabotage the freedom struggle of Kashmiris. Therefore it uses such attacks to fulfil its nefarious agenda said a Lashkar spokesman. Through such dastardly acts India wanted to succeed in its antiKashmir policies he added. Terrorist organisations have always been upfront about claiming credit for attacks on civilians and security forces. But here LashkareTaiba which is one of the worst terrorist organisations operating in India has denied involvement even after being accused of carrying out the attacks. 3. gt The attack took place when quick response teams of the Army had withdrawn from the highway around sunset making the vehicle vulnerable. Why did the armymen withdraw after sunset Probably the most vulnerable time for the passengers 4. Zahoor Ahmad Thoker a jawan went missing with his service rifle 5 days ago and since then there has been no news of him. 5. gt An intelligence report that was circulated to the Jammu and Kashmir police military and paramilitary units two weeks ago indicates security officials were expecting an attack. The memo marked top secret warned that a sensational attack by terrorist outfits cannot be ruled out in the region. The intelligence report dated June 25 and verified as authentic by The Associated Press said terrorists have been directed to eliminate 100 to 150 pilgrims and about 100 police. With such intelligence available to the forces why wasnt any action taken to identify and eliminate possible perpetrators Why werent raids conducted in sensitive areas 6. All parties and journalists have condemned the attacks unanimously and urged strict action. What does this strict action entail Will it be taken as permission to employ a noholdsbarred approach to muzzling any and all dissent in the Valley sponsored or nonsponsored The easiest way to rally support for oneself is to rally support against someone. After any terrorist attack patriotism is at an alltime high and even political opponents get together. Will this sentiment be misused to impose something undesirable on the innocents of Kashmir. How to use spotify in India after 14 days: Is there any other method instead of updating country location by using VPN every fortnight. People who cross akshardham while going to noida avoid it theres a car on fire.: [removed]. I dont spend too much time condemning terror attacks.: I dont spend too much time condemning terror attacks. It seems like a pointless waste of virtue signalling to me. We have to clarify our position on things like terrorists murdering innocents decry gang rapes in broad daylight corruption of politicians etc Not me. I assume that all sane people know where I stand on issues such as these. And I assume that all those who dont know where I stand in these issues are not smart enough to really be worth the time that would be required to set them straight. And I dont think terrorists are sitting there reading my posts going Oh yeah... Hes right. I shouldnt kill. My bad I prefer focusing on the underlying factors that people do not agree on to present my differentiated opinion on those factors. Im not going to condemn the terrorist attacks. Because everybody agrees they are bad. Id rather condemn religion as a source of pointless division of humanity that will inevitably create violence. Because not everybody is convinced of that. I dont need moderate Muslims to condemn Islamic terrorists. I want them to walk away from the Koran. I dont want Hindu moderates to criticize beef lynchings. I want them to discard their Nazi type racial/cultural supremacist devotion to their Hindu identity. I want them to stop calling themselves Hindus. Violence is caused by differences in beliefs that nobody is willing to talk about because nobody wants to question their most cherished beliefs. The value you hold dearest is the one that you wont flex. The beliefs that people believe to be above question are often the ones that therefore cause most harm. The way to resolve the senseless violence is not to condemn senseless violence. Its to talk about things that we havent been willing to. With each other.. Need help with alcohol rehab.: Uncle of mine is suffering from serious addiction. He already lost half of liver 50 of heart and kidneys can die any moment. He had a rough life broke and dirt poor. Can I find a suggestion where he can get a rehab that gives him both mental and health healing. Something with spiritual touch as well. Thank you. [R] what other Indian forums do you like here on Reddit: Of course we have this forum. But I heard that there are lots of smaller Indian forums too on Reddit. What other Indian forums do you use Edit Any nonporn sites Non makingfunof other Indians Please suggest discussion oriented sites saar. Hydro Geo Politics. Brutality as policy The Left and Right are wrong about KPS Gills success against terrorism. Hi. Im a professional footballer in India. AMA: [deleted]. Six Amarnath pilgrims killed three police personnel injured in two terror attacks in south Kashmir. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 6: [removed]. Since [r]andia likes dogs now here is a poser from the Leh Palace. Coal India is the 6th most polluting company in the world.. Can someone please confirm if this is true [R] : A friend of mine recently visited KARA karaoke bar in sector 29 Gurgaon. She says she was denied entry as they do not permit Indians in that bar. This was quite shocking for me and I wanted to confirm if anyone else has experienced this as well I do not stay in the NCR region and thus cant verify it myself. . Please do not buy amazon prime membership for prime video it is scam. [r]: [removed]. Is Disinvestment of Air India Appropriate A Strategic Management Viewpoint. Indian Companies are massively lagging behind in innovation This should concern us all. 1520 Yrs ago at least we used to capture global market in IT amp Pharma now not happening in any sector.: If you look at developed countries all of them became developed by creating specialization in atleast one sector captured global market and made it their main export created massive assets at home which in turn transformed in their countries. For e.g. Japan in automobile/electronics South Korea in electronics Taiwan in semiconductors US in high end services amp defense Germany in highend manufacturing China in assembly line and manufacturing. India initially captured the IT and pharma market. In the lack of any long vision India pharma has not made much progress US FDA raids IP theft and not maintaining quality has dent the perception of Indian pharma companies. Plus most of them made shitton of money and did not spend any penny on RampD and/or created new medicines. They are also known for violating US FDA procedures on quality. IT bosses did not see writings on the wall did not put even a bit of effort. They completely missed the two megabooms of IT Cloud computing and AI/ML. All the business is moving to cloud and then there are boutique IT companies which provide alternative to Indian IT services. Needless to say IT is screwed up and their business would be taken over by small agile startups. With the new development in DLdeep learning and AIartificial intelligence all these call centres jobs are going to be automated in next 78 years. There has been barely important research paper come out of India on AI/DL. Currently China is the hottest place for AI alongwith USA. The next phase of boom would be led by AI and DL companies and India has nothing to offer to the world besides shitty AI companies who just copy paste existing codes of AI and earn money on cost arbitration. IT/Pharma were based on cost arbiteration. The next phase should have been to move up the supply chain. THe template is simple you make money in one field using cheap labor then spend this money in RampD and other sectors and move up the supply chain and capture highend category in next phases. But selfpraise got Indias bosses and they thought gold rush was forever. Sorry to say folks but I fail to see how were gonna develop if we dont focus on future. Lowend manufacturing has already moved to Vietanam/Phillipines and some has been automated. If we start pumping money now highend manufacturing will give results only after a decade or so. We also completely missed the mobile and internet innovation. THese sectors are now captured by US and Chinese companies. Micromax was just a crappy company it already lost the Indian market to Chinese ones. Had micromax put more efforts in innovation they could have exported to poorer countries like Xiaomi but they blew it. Once telcos were the pioneers of Indians story they provided us shitty and exorbitant services for years did not invest elsewhere Airtel invested a bit in SL and elsewhere and now crying when there is real competition with Jio. If India has to grow we need to export shitton of unfortunately there seem to be no sector which Indian companies exploit and create massive surplus at home. India badly needs to have export surplus to achieve a middle level income status. Sorry for painting a bleak future but we do not have anything to offer to the world or did I miss something. The roads less travelled.. Mother Teresas blue stripe saree has been trademark now. First ever uniform protected under intellectual property rights: Its proud moment for our Indian people and government of India. She gave her whole life to charity to save childrens life by helping with many way. Her blue stripe saree has been symbol of good heart. So to prevent of misuse of her blue stripe saree has been now trademark by missionaries of charity and made it under intellectual property rights. Many incident comes to an existence that many people use this saree design to make more profit by selling. Use of this trademark made possible to prohibited for any financial use in textile social and charitable services stationary according to times of India. The application of this uniforms trademark was made in 2013 and the pattern were declare a trademark in 2016 10 months before Mother Teresa was declared a Saint by the Pope. Mother Teresa had bought the white pain bluestripped sarees from M. G. Road in Kolkata in 1948.. [P] Can we start a free Tibet campaign to counter China: Can we start trending FreeTibet on Twitter and Facebook as a means to counter China. Also any constructive suggestions would be welcome.. This is a page from English notebook of an 8th class student in a govt school of Delhi. Dismal thats it.: https//i.imgur.com/eVVevMt.jpg. Interesting discussion about the origin of the caste system in India. A picture of my estate using a drone. Coorg India. Enough photos of the himalayas.. Here is Kotagiri India. Snow free year around.. Kheerganga Parvati Valley Himachal Pradesh. [R] Cloud covered hills in the Western ghats near Pratapgarh MH. Auli Uttarakhand [6000x4000]. Ahmedabad becomes Indias first World Heritage City. Metro expands Bengalurus green cover shrinks. Watch Amaranth Yatra 2017 part1 on YouTube. Maneka Gandhi Minister for Women and Child Development Order an indepth study on male child sexual abuse in India EndTheIsolation. [R] Enough of Himalayas. Heres a picture from the Western ghats Munnar. [Serious] Where can one make out have oral sex safely in the country: Home is out of the question..live with my parents. Getting a hotel is doable but expensive and Im a student with no money but a raging boner. So where can I do it Help a randian get some action. You can share any of your experiences if youve had. For the purpose of this post keep the discussion to metro cities. Also I bet the virgins of randians can come up with some interesting places with their imagination . How does a daily discussion thread sound: Hey randians I know we have discussion threads every other week about various topics but why not have a daily discussion thread . What are some apps or games you think i wont regret buying : What app or game you think is worth the money. Why shouldnt I download it cracked from some site..dont tell me becz devs worked hard to make it and all that. [R] [help] Is it illegal yet to have differing speeds in different websites by the same internet provider: What is the current state of net neutrality If this is illegal what are my options . These TV anchors had special things to say about Modi on the beach. Junaid murder case prime accused nabbed. Indias Ganges and Yamuna rivers are not living entities. West Bengal communal violence Old habit of appeasement petty politics has divided the people. [R] Changing weather Timelapse over Dharamsala India. Mumbai steps up removal of British names from railway stations. [Serious] Looking for tips to effectively recycle nondegradable waste plastic/cardboard and more at Home.: There are no garbage bins anywhere close to where I live. Neither is there garbage collection by any government body. So Ive been trying hard to effectively manage waste at home instead of dumping it. All the degradable waste mostly veggie waste is being turned into compost and used for the plants. I also collect this from a few neighbours too. No cost to them good compost for me. Where possible I carry cloth bags and make it a point to avoid getting plastic bags from the shops. However I have no idea how to deal with nondegradable stuff plastic packets the ones in which pulses sugar and other commodities are packaged in Milk cartons/packets empty medicine strips canisters etc. Has/Does anyone currently recycle this at home If so how. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 5: [removed]. Kayaking Tours in Kerala. Any randians working in Beijing Hows life: [deleted]. Do you support any politicians in this age Whom: no hate. Please elaborate whom and why edit no jokes/sarcasm please.. Today in 1999 Capt. Vikram Batra PVC of 13 Jammu amp Kashmir Rifles attacked Pak Army position at Point 4875 Kargil amp attained martyrdom Jai Hind. Why do Indian Muslims have a higher birth rate than Hindus Sikhs Christians Buddhists etc.: Outsider here and just genuinely curious. I read the fertility rate for Muslim women is 3.2 while Hindu is 2.5 and Christian 2.3. Cheers. EDIT I wouldve guessed poverty. [Casual] r/india what exactly does business casual attire mean: Ive been searching about this for a while and all i cant really figure it out. What is the Indian version which is not too casual.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 4: [removed]. Hello fellow Canadians Cultural exchange with /r/canada: Hey folks Today were having a cultural exchange with the lovely people over at /r/canada. This thread is for people from /r/canada to come over and ask us questions about India. Feel free to flair yourself from the sidebar we have textbased flairs and continental flags so get creative if you want to. /r/canada will also be hosting a thread for us to ask them questions and talk to them [right here]https//www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/6lmqzo/culturalexchangewithrindia/. Feel free to go ask them stuff you guys can flair yourselves too. This goes without saying but please be civil. It goes without saying that you must respect the rules of the subreddit you are participating in. Enjoy [[Link to r/canada thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/canada/comments/6lmqzo/culturalexchangewithrindia/]. [R] Butterfly Beach Goa A secluded beach with no road can be only reached by boat or 1 hour trek.. [NP] [Request] Can someone provide a link to the official Government Notification which says paying service charge at restaurants is not mandatory: [removed]. Assault at Tiger Hill Kargil War. Why no paan stains in our Metro stations. Body charred wallet intact Dead IAF pilots father cries foul writes to PM. Girl Clothing Dresses for Girls Baby Girl Jumpsuits Online Shopping: [removed]. An uphill walk. As Indians get richer and better educated they need to become more publicspirited 29th Sept 2012. Ayodhya Stones brought for construction of Ram Mandir: [deleted]. CouchSurfers of r/India Need your advice: [deleted]. [Political Zoke type] Modi Qatil hai: [removed]. Met a beautiful girl on a matrimonial site. Had a thought about sex. Feeling guilty.: Hi First of all I have OCD and it comes in various forms. My OCD comes in the form of not allowing me to let things go sometimes. So anyway I met a beautiful girl on one of the top matrimonial sites. Weve been texting each other a little. The other day i had a sexual thought about her. She is quite beautiful so I was excited and I fantasized about having sex with her for a little bit. Now I am torturing myself with feelings of guilt and might force myself to tell her about this sexual thought I had. Am I being too hard on myself here On one hand sex is a part of marriage so it is expected that we will think about it at some point. And of course whenever someone judges the pictures of a potential spouse they are implicitly thinking about sex in a way as they look at the picture to see if they are attracted to the person. But on the other hand the girl seems very innocent and I would like to be honest with her as honesty is important in a relationship. I might want to tell her that i had an impure thought about her and that i will try very hard not to do that again if she doesnt want me to. What do you guys think Update I felt like I had to tell her and she was upset. I told I understand if she was mad. We both wished each other well and wished each other good luck in our searches. . Forced to return from the US jobless research scientist drags Centre to Bombay high court[OLD]. Thank you post to fellow r/indian lt3: i live in gujarat back in the day we had extreme water crises she had to walk 4km from our village to near by village because of this now she suffered immensely because of this she has sciaticaa spinal pain related issuei was a kid during those days so i couldnt help her. thanks to Madhya parades for providing river to us. Narmada river comes to gujarat it has stopped water related suffering. https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NarmadaRiver so Yeah i want to thank Maharashtra and MP people for providing us enough water. https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SardarSarovarDam its your turn r/india ns what other state has helped you in the form of resources please feel free to share it. Thank you.. How Indias biggest subreddit is being silently censored. A healthy dose of racism: [deleted]. [R][OC] I recently had the opportunity to witness the Pandharpur Palkhi yatra in Phaltan Maharashtra. Here are some pics.. Whats wrong with legalizing same sex marriage in India. [AskIndia] [Serious] What can I do with HalfAcre land in Bengaluru North. [AskIndia] [Serious] What can I do with HalfAcre land in Bengaluru North: [deleted]. I feel like its a mistake: Some thoughts have been bothering me for a while. I feel extremely vulnerable as a Muslim in this world. The internet makes dirty jokes about Muslim the friends that I have and the people that know are openly conservative they talk shit about my religion and I cant even give a fitting reply to them. The media talks about brotherhood among Hindus and Muslim but the ground reality is totally different. The majority has a deep hatred for Muslims. The recent lynching of people by gau rashaks proves that. I feel like its a mistake to be born as a Muslim especially in India. Shit can hit the fan anytime and I know I wont be able to do anything about it. I dont feel secure as a Muslim in India.. Why is rape considered a much more worse crime than brutal physical crimes: By brutal physical crimes I am talking about the attacks which leads to losing of major body organs or permanent body damages or almost leading to death. I am not undermining rapes But I think these physical attacks have much more effect on the person than rapes. But in India and also outside of India People demand for capital punishment and mob justice for rapes only. Why is it so Does it have to do with the frequency of it happening or the motives behind rape or some other reason . ELI5 Why is rape considered a much worse crime than some brutal physical attacks : [deleted]. What is happening in west bengal: [deleted]. India is Digitalizing Everything From Cash to Citizen Identification. IITBombay students go on indefinite hunger strike against fee hike. Mac Air has totally stopped working since yesterday evening. [NP]: [removed]. Reunification of India Pakistan amp Bangladesh: Will it ever be possible to reunify India Pakistan amp Bangladesh into one major Superpower and a global leader in technology arts culture and religious tolerance If yes how can we achieve it If no what major hurdles prevent us from ever doing so. [R] What could be the possible solution to the Farmers struggles: We know that Agriculture is States subject and Union government is needed for supporting irrigation projects solving water disputes and purchasing the goods for food security and controlling inflation. What is your small thought which could make a deference Do we have see farmers struggling through out our life. r/India Lets have a discussion about the taboo regarding sex in the Indian society: I posted this in a reply in another thread. But since it is not likely to be found by many as the thread is no longer on the front page Ive decided to post it as a separate thread so that it has a chance to be read by a wider audience. I recently read [Bertrand Russell]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BertrandRussells essay Has Religion Made Useful Contributions to Civilization and it contained the following section. I see a striking relation between what he said and the current state of Indian society on this subject. So here it is gt CHRISTIANITY AND SEX gt gt The worst feature of the Christian religion however is its attitude towards sex an attitude so morbid and so unnatural that it can be understood only when taken in relation to the sickness of the civilised world at the time when the Roman Empire was decaying. We sometimes hear talk to the effect that Christianity improved the status of women. This is one of the grossest perversions of history that it is possible to make. Women cannot enjoy a tolerable position in society where it is considered of the utmost importance that they should not infringe a very rigid moral code. Monks have always regarded Woman primarily as the temptress they have thought of her mainly as the inspirer of impure lusts. The teaching of the Church has been and still is that virginity is best but that for those who find this impossible marriage is permissible. It is better to marry than to burn as St Paul brutally puts it. By making marriage indissoluble and by stamping out all knowledge of the ars amandi the Church did what it could to secure that the only form of sex which it permitted should involve very little pleasure and a great deal of pain. The opposition to birth control has in fact the same motive if a woman has a child a year until she dies worn out it is not to be supposed that she will derive much pleasure from her married life therefore birth control must be discouraged. gt gt The conception of Sin which is bound up with Christian ethics is one that does an extraordinary amount of harm since it affords people an outlet for their sadism which they believe to be legitimate and even noble. Take for example the question of the prevention of syphilis. It is known that by precautions taken in advance the danger of contracting this disease can be made negligible. Christians however object to the dissemination of knowledge of this fact since they hold it good that sinners should be punished. They hold this so good that they are even willing that punishment should extend to the wives and children of sinners. There are in the world at the present moment many thousands of children suffering from congenital syphilis who would never have been born but for the desire of Christians to see sinners punished. I cannot understand how doctrines leading to this fiendish cruelty can be considered to have any good effect upon morals. gt gt It is not only in regard to sexual behaviour but also in regard to knowledge on sex subjects that the attitude of Christians is dangerous to human welfare. Every person who has taken the trouble to study the question in an unbiased spirit knows that the artificial ignorance on sex subjects which orthodox Christians attempt to enforce upon the young is extremely dangerous to mental and physical health and causes in those who pick up their knowledge by the way of improper talk as most children do an attitude that sex is in itself indecent and ridiculous. I do not think there can be any defence for the view that knowledge is ever undesirable. I should not put barriers in the way of the acquisition of knowledge by anybody at any age. But in the particular case of sex knowledge there are much weightier arguments in its favour than in the case of most other knowledge. A person is much less likely to act wisely when he is ignorant than when he is instructed and it is ridiculous to give young people a sense of sin because they have a natural curiosity about an important matter. gt gt Every boy is interested in trains. Suppose we told him that an interest in trains is wicked suppose we kept his eyes bandaged whenever he is in a train or on a railway station suppose we never allowed the word train to be mentioned in his presence and preserved an impenetrable mystery as to the means by which he is transported from one place to another. The result would not be that he would cease to be interested in trains on the contrary he would become more interested than ever but would have a morbid sense of sin because this interest had been represented to him as improper. Every boy of active intelligence could by this means be rendered in a greater or less degree neurasthenic. This is precisely what is done in the matter of sex but as sex is more interesting than trains the results are worse. Almost every adult in a Christian community is more or less diseased nervously as a result of the taboo on sex knowledge when he or she was young. And the sense of sin which is thus artificially implanted is one of the causes of cruelty timidity and stupidity in later life. There is no rational ground of any sort or kind for keeping a child ignorant of anything that he may wish to know whether on sex or on any other matter. And we shall never get a sane population until this fact is recognised in early education which is impossible so long as the Churches are able to control educational politics. gt gt Leaving these comparatively detailed objections on one side it is clear that the fundamental doctrines of Christianity demand a great deal of ethical perversion before they can be accepted. The world we are told was created by a God who is both good and omnipotent. Before He created the world He foresaw all the pain and misery that it would contain He is therefore responsible for all of it. It is useless to argue that the pain in the world is due to sin. In the first place this is not true it is not sin that causes rivers to overflow their banks or volcanoes to erupt. But even if it were true it would make no difference. If I were going to beget a child knowing that the child was going to be a homicidal maniac I should be responsible for his crimes. If God knew in advance the sins of which man would be guilty He was clearly responsible for all the consequences of those sins when He decided to create man. The usual Christian argument is that the suffering in the world is a purification for sin and is therefore a good thing. This argument is of course only a rationalisation of sadism but in any case it is a very poor argument. I would invite any Christian to accompany me to the childrens ward of a hospital to watch the suffering that is there being endured and then to persist in the assertion that those children are so morally abandoned as to deserve what they are suffering. In order to bring himself to say this a man must destroy in himself all feelings of mercy and compassion. He must in short make himself as cruel as the God in whom he believes. No man who believes that all is for the best in this suffering world can keep his ethical values unimpaired since he is always having to find excuses for pain and misery. This seems to be the case with religions in general and not just Christianity. I would be interested to know your thoughts. Thanks. . Youtube comments on Zee News and NDTV video related to GST: [deleted]. Modis visit to Israel is an extension of his antiMuslim politics [R]. Do have any extensions/addone to detect fake reviews on websites like amazon/flipkart etc: P.S. Do you have. Warning Dont fall for cloud mining scams. The front page of The Hindu today had an advt. of Amit Bhardwaj cont.: [removed]. World is busy with robots A.I high quality of life. India is busy Breeding useless babies Gangraping women: [removed]. Girl Clothing Online Shopping Get Your Little Girl Ready To Party With The Best Party Dresses: [removed]. World is busy with robots A.I high quality of life. India is busy Breeding useless babies Gangraping women: [deleted]. World is busy with robots A.I high quality of life. India is busy Breeding useless babies Gangraping women: [removed]. [Rant] 7th attempt filed for redmi: am i the only guy who is miserable at amazon p.s. Failed and sorry but today i had to share little negativity i usually never do it. . World is busy with robots A.I high quality of life. India is busy Breeding useless babies Gangraping women: [removed]. World is busy with robots A.I high quality of life. we are busy Breeding Gangraping women: [removed]. Raja Harishchandra 1913 1st Indian Feature Film Dadasaheb Phalke Ranchhodbai Udayram. Indians need to stop Breeding completely: [removed]. Muslim mortality paradox and the importance of sanitation for children. In India Hindu children face substantially higher mortality rates than Muslim children despite being relatively richer on average. Heres why. [Old 18 Aug 2014]. Modi tells Israel Hayom that the two countries are ready to take the relationship to a new level. Watch Former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee Israeli PM Ariel Sharon talk on IndiaIsrael relations. TrekkingHiking and Walking Holidays in India. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 01: [removed]. On the back side of an auto rickshaw in Mumbai. [R] A hp laptop my office gave me out of blue developed this display condition. Now the hp people are not willing to cover it under warranty. What should I do: I was given a laptop from work hp laptop against my insistence on some other brand. It was working fine and one day it developed this vertical streak of line. I gave it the good ol tap next thing I see is black blotch with a crack like marking. I temporized the entire thing because I had my other laptop. However after planning to leave the job I have to return this thing back. I contacted the hp service. They asked me to send them a snapshot of the display over email. Which I did then today I got a call saying it isnt covered under warranty since it is a induced damage I tried to argue that it wasnt and maybe it was accidental. I am sure the company people didnt take the ADP thingy. Am I fucked and have to shell out the cost of repair I think it is more to do with their inferior build quality. I want to give them something to worry about. How do I proceed Thanks. . Registering for a film festival will they check ID [R]: I am planning to attend a film festival in Delhi for the first time in my life. However I also happen to be very privacy conscious. I am not comfortable registering with my real name and mobile number though I can use a friends number. According to [their site] https//www.eventshigh.com/detail/Delhi/15e8af2a7a298f11a6834a8f8eabf534 its free to register but gtDelegate card is not transferable and lost cards will not be replaced. How will they check if the delegate is indeed the person on the card Will they need to see my ID Sorry for making this sound stupid but I am not trolling. I am a genuinely private person and dont want my interest in cinema to be recorded with my real name forever. I would appreciate it if the trolls with great wit can hold off until someone has answered my question. Thank you.. [R][OC] Monsoon in the Western Ghats Maharashtra. [R]eddit Place: [deleted]. Why are Indians worried about mob lynching: Mob justice is a very serious issue and something I feel will determine our future. I am appalled that in a modern world that we live in there are still instances of mob justice. What I am surprised at is why are people walking up to it now Why is everyone concerned about our society now Context A couple of years back at a gathering of friends 1520 of us we started discussing the MSM reporting of rapes in India at that point I was a NRI. I stated that I was further appalled of all these instances of mob lynching of alleged rapist. If I remember correct it was an instance in NE India where a man was pulled out of lockup and mob killed him. Later it was proved that he was not a rapist and the women has lied which is not of relevance here. As soon as I said the part about being appalled by the mob justice all the women in the group sprang upon me and said how can I ever say that. They argued that hethe murdered victim deserved what he got and how the Indian justice system is corrupt and bull shit. My arguments of who gets to decide if he was the real perpetrator or what crime deserves what punishment and how a society will fail to function if we chose mob justice as a solution fell on deaf ears. One girl even started crying saying I dont understand what it is lose ones honor Which itself is a regressive thought but it is an argument for a different day and what not. At which point some of the men and all the uncles there is always someones parents visiting US started to agree that in India mob justice is the only way to get justice. A part of me died that day seeing what educated people though about the functioning of our society. Coming to present day the very same people told me how it is horrible that people are getting killed for allegedly running black market beef markets. To the extent that even if they were doing something wrong the authorities are there to take care of it. My simple question is how can we not see what is there in front of us. Once you encourage mob justice how does one ever reign it Why cant people around me see such simple things . In 12 hours 6 lakh lost to skimming victims run to cops Bengaluru Indian Express. Not in datas name How not to be misled by biased statistics. Lets reverse How ashamed are you of India or being Indian In what areas we should be ashamed: How ashamed are you of India or being Indian In what areas we should be ashamed as a Nation or Individual. Baby Girl Clothes Online Newborn Dresses Online India Kids Wear outfits: [removed]. Its the question Ellie is always asked Why are you travelling to India alone. new logo for r/india moo snoo. [OC] Christian Evangelist library inside auto rickshaw Bengaluru. India woman attacked with acid for fifth time. Why 581 Million Indians Endure Indias Worst Healthcare. What Foreigners think about Narendra Modi SHOCKING Rickshawali: [deleted]. [Announcement] Upcoming Cultural Exchanges with r/canada and r/Assyria: Greetings We have two cultural exchanges lined up. r/canada Thursday July 6 2017 starting from 930 PM IST r/Assyria Monday 10th July starting from 1000 AM IST For those who are unfamiliar this is how it will work. We will have one thread on /r/India where we will host our guests and answer any question they might have about India or her people. Similarly our guests will host Indian Redditors in a thread on their subreddit. Serious discussions casual conversations banter everything is allowed as long as the basic Reddit and subreddit rules are followed. We hope to see you guys participate in both the threads and hope this will be a fun and informative experience. Sadhguru on NDTV Big Fight July 7 The God Particle[2012 old]: [deleted]. [Announcement] Cultural Exchange with r/canada on July 6th 930 PM IST: Greetings We are having a cultural exchange with r/canada on Thursday July 6 2017 starting from 930 PM IST If you dont know heres how a cultural exchange works The moderators of /r/india will make a post on /r/india welcoming our guests from Canada and they may participate and ask any question or observation as they see fit. There will be an equivalent thread made by the moderators over at /r/canada where you are encouraged to participate and know more about Canadian culture. It goes without saying that you must respect the rules of the subreddit you are participating in. We hope this turns out to be a genuinely fun experience for all of us . Hello /r/India we israelis and jews love you Be the best country you can be: With love from a slavic east euro jew who loves India and Indian culture Who supports India and the spread of Indian culture and media so that more people can find the inspiration I have found in your lovely countries India Isreal Love. Onion is retailing at Rs10 a kg . [R]: Potato Rs30 per kg Tomato Rs20 per kg Onion Rs10 per kg. Whats coming in 34months when the next harvest is due some 5070Rs per kg atleast for Tomato amp Onion . Aryans And Dravidians An Invention Of Racist Nineteenth Century Scholars. The beauty of India blossoms during the monsoons. The best camera to capture it is our own two eyes.. Is Gangraping woman Indian mens religion: [removed]. 10 Hours of the Imperial March. Gangrape survivor attacked with acid in Lucknow Times of India. Indian parents spend around 19000 on childs education Study. [R] Suggest some books: I am looking for books to suggest to a few friends of mine who has only read Chetan Bhagat books in their life. I got into an argument with them and suddenly they asked me to produce a few books with simple English that an average literate Indian can understand but is of a superior quality than of CB. Ive taken up the challenge. So my fellow redditors suggest books with the following 1.Simple language with a not so wide vocabulary. 2.Short. I mean as short as CB books. Maybe some of you who are tired of friends that say Chetan Bhagat is the best writer in India can use this as a guide too. Ive copied this post from an old post for new users and new recommendations . TIL A river in Brazil is named in honour of an Indian scientist.: [Hamza River]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HamzaRiver in Brazil is named in honour of scientist [Valiya Mannathal Hamza]https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ValiyaHamza of Brazils National Observatory who has undertaken research on the region for four decades. . Hinduism Mythology Vs Reality. Exposing Zaakir Naik The false claims made on Hinduism Part 2. us product import cost increased twice in effect of gst check amazon.com: [deleted]. Need to find a good Dentist or Hospital in Delhi: Hi I need to get Root Canal Treatment RCT done. The concern is that RCT when done by some notsotrained doctor isnt successful and a problem afterwards. Ive seen it with some relatives and acquaintances of mine. I approached AIIMS but the waiting line is huge and the date they would give is of November or December. Someone suggested Maulana Azad Medical College. Could someone let me know how good it is How would a private doctor be in this case They would charge higher fee but would the work be of comparable quality to that of AIIMS or any other reputed hospital I dont want RCT to fail me after a few years. I want some permanent solution. Have any one of you or your acquaintances undergone RCT How was the experience and the total cost So could any one of you kind redditors direct me to some good hospitals or dentists Edit I wish to get RCT done in lowest possible cost. Thanks in advance. . Negative attitude towards Hinduism among some educated Indians: I have noticed a curious tendency among educated Indian with Hindu names who are in my social circle. I would not call them Hindus as they have a largely negative attitude towards Hinduism. For them Hinduism is largely superstitious e.g. worshipping clay idols which can be bought or sold in a market. Hindu women are oppressed by patriarchal Hindu culture. Dalits are oppressed by the infamous Hindu Caste System. The irrationality of Hinduism is hampering the spread of scientific temper among the masses. Hindus are forced to adhere to irrational dietary practices avoid beef or avoid meat etc. The complex connection between Hinduism and Hindutva the latter is destroying India. The following generalization can be made these people see Hinduism as a source of problems. These problems are slowing down the transformation of India into a rich scientifically advanced irreligious secular safe country which is respected by others. The simplest solution to these problems is the elimination of Hinduism. We must save India from the irrationality and immorality which is systemic in Hinduism This attitude is largely absent among less educated persons in my social circle who have Hindu names. Most of them have maximum High School degree. They see Hinduism as a pillar in their lives a source of guidance discipline and strength. They rely vishwas on the Ramayana as much as they rely on food to survive. Such people would be deeply saddened if Hinduism ceased to exist. This is a curious phenomenon I think. I offer two explanations Education is showing some Hindus the true face of Hinduism. Some enlightened people have realized the fact that Hinduism is holding back India. Less educated persons have not attained the intellectual maturity to realize how Hinduism is hurting them. OR The Indian secular education system does not help Hindus to understand Hindu traditions. This ignorance breeds suspicion which in turn breeds contempt. The more educated you are the less competent you are likely to be wrt Hindu thought systems and traditions. Dear redditors what do you think Do you have any other explanation of what is going on. What is not banned in India. Exposing Zakir Naik The false claims made on Hinduism Part 2: [deleted]. [R] How Indias Defence Secrets Were Traded For Whisky. About censoring in this subI hate to admit but whatever they said is true... Indian Troops in World War 1. Hinduism Mythology Vs Reality: [deleted]. Parliament House is inspired by Yogini Temples of India 64 Yogini Temple of Mitawali near Gwalior [Video]. Parliament House is inspired by Chausath Yogini Temple located in Chambal[olddec2016]. Parliament House inspired by Chausath Yogini Temple in Chambal: [deleted]. Azma Fallah Dubsmash Channa Mere ya Accha chalta hu Duao me yaad rakhna: [deleted]. just got this email about ebay bought by flipkart: eBay recently sold its India business eBay India Private Limited to Flipkart. did you guys got the same too. In Defence of the Empire: [deleted]. [AskIndia] India is new Nigeria What actions being taken against indian telescammers. This is getting ridiculous.: so we have all heard about people in USA getting scammed by Indian call centers. IRS scam Microsoft Support scam etc. i think more people have fallen for these scams than nigerian scams. I am sure govt is well aware about this. why this scammers still operating fearlessly this shit is getting bad name for all of us.. I used to wear a burkha earlier but in 2010 I decided to live my life on my terms Anjum Fakih of Kundali Bhagya. Married off at 8 20yearold set to become doctor in Rajasthan xpost /r/UpliftingKhabre. CNN Interwiew with sandra who heroically saved baby Moshe Holtzberg. Sri Adi Sankara Keerthi Sthamba Mandapam At kalady kerala located near the cochin airport is a wonderful monument for all to visit. It has 8 floors that we can climb. The walls of the staircase feature relief paintings depicting the life journey of Adi Shankaracharya. Must visit for all.. Dhinchak Jaitley Dhinchak Pooja Parody. courtsey Bollywood gandu. Indian Muslims who have studied in madresa does your teacher has ever taught you about famous muslim Mystic Rumi: [removed]. [Showerthoughts] Good gaurakhshaks and bad gauraskhshaks sounds like good terrorist and bad terrorist from Paksitan.: [removed]. Any redditor from Durgapur West Benagl here Suggest a fast broadband ISP: [deleted]. 7 Proven Methods To Boost Your SelfConfidence MBD Alchemie. I asked a question in r/China and got some interesting response.. Chances of getting a job in India after MS in CS from USA: I just received an update from my university my transcript says I have completed my degree. But I did not maintain my fulltime student status back in Fall 2015. I believe I will be deported because of that based on previous conversations with my advisers. I am yet to hear from them about this matter. I was working as a web developer while studying here so I do have 2 years of experience. My supervisors are going to give me recommendations on LinkedIn. I have an MS from a public university. It is not too big but it is not one of those scam universities either. But will it still lend me a good job in India I have no idea how the market is there and where should I apply. I feel really lost and I just want to get back home and start working.. Negative attitude towards Hinduism among some educated Indians: [deleted]. I am in my final year of engineering and still have zero skills .some advice regarding future options: i will be honest .Due to my own lack of perseverance and pathetic way in which computer science was taught to me in my college i have zero skills as of now in coding .I literally have zero employable skills .i have basic knowledge of pythoncweb development .But not really in depth .i have zero projectszero technical internships.I did tried my hand at competitive coding and everything but i am not really able to solve anything .My final year will start in one month and i am getting really scared.I want some advice regarding what to do now.Should i give up on coding and change field and prepare for management exams or should i still continue in my field and try my hand at GATE or masters or take up some I.T job .I know people say follow your interest but i really have no particular interest.. How Indians protest 10 year old article by Manu Joseph. Showerthought To avoid pakistani islamic trolls r/india should add this type of captcha codes before they post anythingfk pakisatan: [removed]. I need some help in negotiating a refund from a tuition teacher: I enrolled in classes for a subject in CA course in an institute and they at first postponed the classes which is fine things happen. But I wasnt even notified. So I was there at the Centre at 7 30 in the morning wondering why the place is closed. This was a month ago. Since then the teacher has cancelled about 45 classes. Which means a lot since the class is only 3 days a week. We have only been notified in advance once and that too was this Monday which was a public holiday. The motherfucker sent 45 messages on Saturday/Sunday even after telling us in class. We regularly get messages asking us to join their classes yes the ones were already taking Wtf and they cant even notify us Everytime we hear the same old fucking excuse that it wont happen next time blah blah but It has been a month since the classes actually started and we havent even been able To finish 2 chapters. Yesterday when the class got cancelled everyone got a text for dismissal RIGHT WHEN THE CLASS WAS SUPPOSED TO START. Everyone lost their shit. And you know what they tell us sham ko aao Agar class se withdrawal Lena Hai to and you know what I DID. Guess what happened Bhen Ke lode kehte next class le lo fir baat karte Hain. The guys at the office flat out refused to give the refund. Ill be talking to the MD tomorrow. It takes me more than an hour to get there and it costs rs70 for a round trip. They are not serious about this. I need help on how to negotiate this and get a refund. Ive been having a lot of negative thoughts in the past few hours. I dont actually wanna cause a scene/vandalise the God damn office. . Reformers ampamp Rebels Exclusive conversation with Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. [OLD]paid news in india May 24 2014. AMA request r/India mods.: [removed]. Do people really hate Modi here that much: Idk just going through the threads gave me a huge anti Modi feeling around here in r/India Whats up genuinely curious . Which was your favorite 90s ad. PM Modi at Samajik Adhikarita Shivir in Rajkot Gujarat. A civilised discussion about the state of censorship om this subreddit: [removed]. What happens if i dont link Aadhar and PAN card: I am a student and currently not earning any income.If my pan card becomes invalid i can register for a new one right Also my mom is a housewife does she need to link Aadhar and pan card. How Indias biggest subreddit is being silently censored. PSA In case you provide goods/services to corporates register for GSTIN even though you are within the threshold limit of 20L.: A person ought to be registered under GST if the aggregate turnover in a year exceeds 20 lakhs barring a few instances in which the threshold limit doesnt apply. However Id strongly recommend anyone who regularly supplies goods/services to corporate enterprises to register for GSTIN even if their turnover is less than the aforementioned limit. The reason being the said enterprises can only claim the ever so valuable input credit only if the vendor you is registered under GST. Hence an unregistered vendor may risk losing his business to those who are registered. In addition to the above youd also benefit from voluntarily registration by claiming input credit on your procurements from subvendors lift the restrictions on your interstate supply of goods/services register on ecommerce sites. On the flipside youll have to file the Returns and charge amp remit the tax appropriately. To conclude voluntarily registering for GST gives you a major competitive edge over unregistered competitors. P.S. Im on my phone so pardon the typos.. Yesterdays little protest the incredibly self destructive i have seen: They think Indians society work like western one so protest on street. These people really dont understand how India works I believe it is a counter productive move. I dont want expand on it more..i can but my underlying point is it is counter productive.. This is why PeTA never opposes animal killing on BakraEid read what happened to the lady who opposed it [P]. How is this even Democ[R]acy: When elected representative MP/MLA cant vote on bills according to demand of his constituents or conscience and have to go with the position of party which possibly can be decided by unelected autocrats or institutions . [R] Career switch help.: I have realized that I am very good at explaining arcane concepts like Bitcoin blockchain corporate law finance and economics technology and various miscellaneous topics. I have a talent to break down complex concepts for lay people. I am sick of my current job and lifestyle. Is there any way I can become a public speaker to say educate people on concepts that they may find too complicated Something like a lecture series And work on my own time instead of becoming a slave to my employer. Would something like this even work in India I am surprisingly good at public speaking but I suck at interpersonal communication with small groups of people weird combination I know As an example When I was in Class 11. I was all alone and did not have a single friend. But I gave a lecture on what I would do as finance minister of India to my entire school Class 1 to 12 for morning assembly. My teacher took me to a side and told me Child That was an excellent speech. But I dont think anyone here other than the adults understood.. On the drive from Mysore to Ooty we get to see some wonderful wildlife in all its glory. This drive is even more picturesque during the monsoons. One must definitely undertake this drive at least once.. As a Muslim I want to thank /r/india for condemning cowbased terrorism.: I appreciate the fact that this is the only sensible Indian based forum on the internet where the majority of the people do not justify lynching and call out Modi and the BJP for what they truly are. It is so disheartening to see people justify Gau Rakshaks everywhere from mainstream media to Twitter Quora Facebook and other networks. The fact that the Indian machinery from the Government Judiciary Police and the society at large keep on supporting these thugs and makes you feel completely helpless like a Jew during Nazi Germany. Perhaps this cycle of vitriolic hatred will take time to ebb but at least there are some sensible people who are speaking out against this outrageous acts that have hijacked Hinduism and converting it into militant Hindutva experiment. However it gives us hope that when the time comes the sensible people will reject bigotry and hatred because no society has ever progressed with militant faith. India deserves better and we want to be a part of its growth story. Inqalaab Zindabad.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 100: [removed]. Peter Adamson History of Philosophy without any gaps podcast and Jonardon Ganeri are currently doing a spinoff on Classical Indian Philosophy. With just 34 weeks of monsoons see greening of India If we planted amptook care of our saplings well be green all year PGH. Aadhaar linking mandatory for existing postpaid phones: Fucking airtel called me saying they will disconnect my phone if I dont provide my Aadhaar number. Didnt supreme court say that its not mandatory Fuck you gobirmint and fuck you dumbfucks who vote for gobirmint like this.. [RANT] I actually feel worried browsing this subreddit in public places and upvoting any antigovt news or comments: [deleted]. How Indias biggest subreddit is being silently censored. Child Marriage A CFR InfoGuide Presentation. Mumbai Woman convict dies after jailors insert lathi into private parts. Drunken driving is like suicide bombing sessions court. Where can I find Newborn Baby Clothes: [removed]. Does anyone make your babies clothes and accessories Especially for newborn baby. Aaj ka gyan: [removed]. Unisex Baby Clothes Online Organic Cotton Clothes for new parents. [Serious] Has anyone locked then at least once temp unlocked their Aadhaar Biometerics Any suggestions pointers you want to share. NotInMyName Protest against mass lynchings/killing in the name of your religion: Note This is via facebook. Not my content Heres a comprehensive list of all events under NotInMyName planned so far. Date Wednesday June 28th 2017 Venues 1. Allahabad 5pm Subhash Chauraha Civil Lines Allahabad Uttar Pradesh 211001 India 2. Bangalore 6pm 8pm Bangalore Town Hall 112 JC Road Bangalore India 560027 3. Chandigarh 6pm Sector 17 Chandigarh India 160017 4. Delhi 6pm 8pm Jantar Mantar Rajiv Chowk Delhi India 110001 5. Hyderabad 4pm 7pm Tank Bund Hyderabad 6. Kochi 6 pm High Court Junction Kochi Kerala 7. Kolkata 5pm 7pm Dakhinapan premises next to Madhusudhan Mancha Dhakuria 8. Lucknow 430pm 630pm Gandhi Park GPO Hazratganj Lucknow Uttar Pradesh 226001 9. Mumbai 5pm 7pm Carter Road Promenade 10. Patna 6pm Kargil Chowk Gandhi Maidan Patna 11. Trivendrum 530pm 8pm Secretariat Trivendrum Kerala India 12. London UK 2 pm 330pm Wednesday June 28th 2017 SOAS University of London Thornhaugh Street WC1H 0XG London United Kingdom Venues and Time/ Date for other days 1. Boston USA 7pm 8pm June 29 2017 Harvard Sq Tstop Cambridge Massachusetts 2. Pune 630pm 830pm Thursday June 29 2017 Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Statue Pune Station Pune Maharashtra 3. Chennai 11am 100pm Saturday July 1 2017 Valluvar Kottam Nungambakkam Chennai India 600034 Please take the time out to share this with your friends in respective locations and encourage them to participate. It is imperative that there is large and noticeable participation. Please carry your own banners with the slogan NOT IN MY NAME This is a citizens protest open to all. Everyone is welcome but without party or organizational banners.. Do you know the rulings of the Supreme Court with respect to stray dogs and obligations of local authority municipality or corporation: http//supremecourt.gov.in/pdf/cir/201611171479383407.pdf http//supremecourt.gov.in/pdf/cir/201603091457526892.pdf Pages 67 Rule 6 of the aforesaid Rules read as under 6. Obligations of the local authority. 1 The local authority shall provide for a establishment of a sufficient number of dogs pounds including animal kennels/shelters which may be managed by animal welfare organizations b requisite number of dogs vans with ramps for the capture and transportation of street dogs c one driver and two trained dog catchers to be provided for each dog van d an ambulancecumclinical van to be provided as mobile center for sterilization and immunisation e incinerators to be installed by the local authority for disposal of carcasses. f periodic repair of shelter or pound. 2 If the Municipal Corporation or the local authority thinks it expedient to control street dog population it shall be incumbent upon them to sterilize and immunise street dogs with the participation of animal welfare organizations private individuals and the local authority. 3 The animal welfare organizations shall be reimbursed the expenses of sterilisation/immunisation at a rate to be fixed by the Committee on fortnightly basis based on the number of sterilisation/immunisation done. 4 The Monitoring committee of the said locality shall meet at least once in every month to assess the progress made in regard to implementation of the Animal Birth Control Programme. Pages 1011 We will be failing in our duty if we do not note the submission of Mr. Dushyant A. Dave that though the Act and Rules provide for sterilization of dogs so that safety of the human beings is not jeopardized yet they are not being sterilized by the authorities either for lack of funds or due to apathy. Regard being had to the provisions governing the field we direct that the dogs which are required to be sterilized or vaccinated the procedure shall be carried out in accordance with the Act and Rules and no organization shall create any kind of obstacle or impediment in the same. It shall be the obligation of the Board to oversee that this is being carried out and no obstructions are created in this regard from any quarter.. This was Modis first facetoface meeting with Trump.: [deleted]. 86 killed in cowrelated violence since 2010 are Muslim 97 attacks after Modi govt came to power. How do you know if someone is from IIM. Need suggestions to get physically and mentally ready for IAF selections: Hello guys and grills I have finally decided to get myself into IAFs Technical Branch and seeing the answers from a SSB deputy president on Quora I have realised I need to dig deep into my past and cultivate selfbelief and drastically change my currently inactive life. I have almost 2 months for the AFCAT and EKT exam and maybe one more month if I make it to the AFSB and I need this change in order to mentally succeed. The former SSB guy has stressed on having a productive schedule throughout the day being good at whatever I do I sketch portraits and random stuff casually read books did Shotokan Karate for 2 years in middle school and knows a bit about the techniques hone my general awareness and oral and written communication skills which will infuse confidence in my performance. Fitness Here are the [Air Force Academys minimum fitness standards for you to have a look]http//www.ssbcrack.com/wpcontent/uploads/2015/12/AFAfitnessstandardsmen.png. Now currently I dont have this level at all last visit to gym was July 2016 I am yet to conduct a test to benchmark myself. Also I am a 23 YO Male with height 56 and weight 66 Kg and I have slowly developed a little pot belly The question I have is should I start training in incremental way i.e. run 100 m for 1 week 10 pushups 10 situps then 200 m and so on OR Should I start to try hitting the targets every single day no matter if fail the timelines but keep training every day i.e. Run 1.6K every day try for max pushups/situps Edits updated physical stats clarified level of standards and mentioned hobbies. How many of these gau rakshas do you think realize that milking a cow involves impregnating her and then taking the call away to harvest milk: [deleted]. [R] Mechanical engineer caught dating a girl police suspect fake degree case. UPDATE We South Indians need English subtitles for Hindi serials about Sikh Empire Dravidian princess and Aryan prince.: 3 days ago [I made a post] https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6jea87/wesouthindiansneedenglishsubtitlesforhindi/ on r/India about the need for English subtitles for Hindi language programs atleast those about patriotic/historical themes like SherEPunjab and Aarambh. Even if for convoluted reasons it would be impossible to provide subtitles on cable TV popular mobile TV applications like Hotstar can provide subtitles. After all many non Indians are interesting in watching panIndian films and series too. Hotstar does provide subtitles for some Indian content like the Malayalam movie Marubhoomiyile Aana which is about an Indian Arab returning to Kerala. I created a Twitter account soon after the post [and tweeted] https//mobile.twitter.com/PiyushWatchesTV/status/879220893322543104pv hotstarhelps. Their response gtAs of now we have no plans of adding subtitles for Indian shows. If this changes in the future we will notify our users Almost 105 people and countless others not logged in upvoted my post which means they agree with me. So hoping r/India will overlook the delay on my part I think that if those in favour of English subtitles which not only help south Indians to learn Hindi and comprehend the plot but also for Hindi speakers to improve their English being introduced on Hotstar to tweet [hotstartweets] https//twitter.com/hotstartweets with the hashtag[HotstarNeedsSubtitle] https//twitter.com/hashtag/HotstarNeedsSubtitlesrchash and [MaharajaRanjitSingh] https//twitter.com/hashtag/MaharajaRanjitSinghsrchash . Subtitles on Hotstar are optional and can be turned off so this isnt an English imposition. Thank you and have a great day midnight. Dhinchak Pooja Dilon Ka Shooter On public demand : [deleted]. Sadhguru Speaks Kashmir Stone Pelting Incident. State of sports journalism in India: [deleted]. Jug Suraiya talks about the difference between North and South Indians. After decades of wait Indian Army finally gets modern bulletproof helmets. Who is Syed Salahuddin and why is he designated as a global terrorist: [deleted]. Learn use of Phrase SLEEPING PARTNER Learn use of word MADE OFF Dail.... Indian IT If your job is 90 coding then you have something to worry about. Sadhguru Speaks Kashmir Stone Pelting Incident: [deleted]. Introducing flair Casual: Hi After a lot of submission removals for flair abuse we have merged the Entertainment and Nonpolitical flairs to Casual flair. It will help users to keep it a bit simple when choosing the correct flair. Please use the flair Casual for all links and posts that are of a nonpolitical nature including images memes entertainment related posts and others which do not fall under the other categories. [NP] tag in the title will automatically assign the new Casual flair as well. If you have any questions please feel free to post. . [R] Gurmehar Kaurs Pakistanwar Statement was part of this complete statement no one knew or cared: https//www.youtube.com/watchv97yJsfddi4w You can see here the complete statement or I am giving the transcript of her statement from a total of 21 Placards My Name is Gurmehar Kaur. I am from Jalandhar India. This is my dad Capt. Mandeep Singh Image. He was killed in the 1999 Kargil War. I was 2 years old when he died I have very few memories of him. Have more memories of How it feels to Not have a father. I also remember how much I used to hate Pakistan and Pakistanis because they killed my dad. I used to hate Muslims too because I thought all Muslims are Pakistanis. When I was 6 years old I tried to stab a lady in Burkha. Because for some strange reason I thought she was responsible for my fathers death. My mother held me back and made me understand that. PAKISTAN DID NOT KILL MY DAD WAR KILLED HIM. It took me a while to learn but today I have to let go of my hate. It was not easy but its not difficult. If I can do it so can you. Today I am a soldier too just like my dad. I fight for peace between India and Pakistan. Enough State Sponsored spies. Enough is Enough. I wish to live in a world where there are no Gurmehar Kaurs who miss their dad. I am not alone there are many like me. Source VoiceOfRam Youtube. Need help Finding standard sata to micro sata caddy to install a new ssd.: [deleted]. [Serious Question] What stuff did you learn in your 12th that you have used in your professional career: Used a lot of maths while doing Graphics projects. I am more interested in how the mech and civil guys used physics the accountancy guys how they use math and the chem and biotech guys.. All who have blood of Kashmiri brothers on their hands are our targets AlQaida document. Can some one please explain GST or give me a link which can explain it properly [NP] [R]. Showerthought Men who desire more institutional intervention over womens bodies/behavior eg All those who cry about love jihad are the ones who know they cant influence or control a woman without governmental assistance. [YSK] More people should know about Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis. Would you guys be interested in a subreddit for Indian gay guys [R]: What the title says. I frequent subs like r/askgaybros but most of the content there is focused on US/UK. I wanted something more representative of the Indian gay community. This is definitely not going to be a sub just to share gay porn links or dick pics or cruising ads. I dont know how homophobic randia is so just giving it a shot by asking here first. If anyone doesnt want to respond directly you can PM me as well. Thanks guys . [R] Visiting girlfriend in Mumbai. Suggestions: Hey guys Ill be visiting my girlfriend in Mumbai soon and I hope its a great and memorable time. We wont be seeing each other for a long time after this so I want this visit to be amazing and a rich experience for both of us Any suggestions on places to visit things to do together etc are welcome... A top Indian startup followed this rejection procedure is it normal: Hi I appeared for an onsite technical interview with one of the cough cough best Indian startup. Unicorn two weeks ago. Last week I get a call they want to schedule a discussion with me I said sure and asked them a good time. Next day 6PM they tell me. Sure I wait. I dont get any revert. I call again after that day number not reachable. I email to other people part of that loop no revert. I call HR directly twice no revert. After 4 days nothing. Im kept in dark. Next I call the person again who called me first time again and he tells me Ill schedule your call with Hiring Manager tomorrow I say thanks and wait. I finally have call next day Sorry you were rejected. I dont understand why the process had to be like this I understand rejecting over an email might sound rude but making this rejection call stretch over for 1 week is what made me nervous and hurt me. Is it standard procedure This was first time I appeared for an onsite interview and Im not aware of standard practices. . Eid 2017 Indians unite against lynching of Muslims with black armbands. Need Help North Delhi. Cumulative Fatalities by Conflict Theatres 20052017 by SATP. [R] The Indian Quora Starter pack. 1975 Emergency A Graphic Novel Revisits the Dark Age of Democracy. Redditor uses a call flooder script to stop scammers from India.. We South Indians need English subtitles for Hindi serials about Sikh Empire Dravidian princess and Aryan prince.: I am a South Indian whose command of Hindi is very inadequate and yet I watch SherePunjab which has some patriotic moments despite the linguistic barrier now a new Hindi serial about an Aryan prince falling in love with a Dravidian princess whose kingdom he invaded. As someone who studied Hindi in school and often failed in exams I can atleast manage to understand some of the dialogue. But for many others watching these serials is an exercise in futility as without comprehension there is no meaning to the plot. India is a country where people get offended for the smallest things. Why should we have English subtitles for Indian programmes We shouldnt bow to the language of our colonial oppressors But what about South Indians and their right to enjoy Indian programming as much as North Indians are entitled to enjoy South Indian programming I request Hotstar and if possible LifeOk to provide English subtitles for SherePunjab and Aarambh. [HotstarNeedsSubtitle] https//twitter.com/hashtag/HotstarNeedsSubtitlesrchash EDIT I have replied to some of these comments but they havent turned up yet probably because of the spam filter.. Apparently 2 women wearing cow masks and a unknown photographing it is relatively Big story in America. Dozens of famous websites covering under Women in India: [removed]. Should India have a large scale Olympics recruitments like china [R]: China has a lot of Olympic training camps and they have good success with it what do you think if it Should India also have such facilities and programmes . Pak Beheading Squad Intercepted Yesterday Were Army Commandos.. [OutOfTheLoop] whats up with the location based picture sharing in this sub: Why do so many users here are sharing instagram like pictures Edit grammar . [serious] Need to dispute a credit card charge. Havent the faintest idea about how to do that. Can anyone help: [deleted]. Udupi Muslims break fast at Sri Krishna Math offer Namaz Pejawar Swamiji stresses on peace [uplifting news]. Looking for some help or advice my grandmother is being abused by her husband and our family is not willing to help.: Im sorry if this is the wrong place to post if I should post this to another sub Ill be happy to do so. My grandmother lives in Hooghly outside Kolkata with her husband or my stepgrandfather. Shes in her 80s and has dementia and unfortunately is being beaten by her husband whos done a lot launder money cheat on her hes not a great guy. After the latest event our extended family members in the area were supposed to go see her and take a doctor to document everything. Instead they ended up basically having tea with the two of them and coming away. My family and my uncles family are in the US so we cant physically be there but its all extremely aggravating and were all at our wits end. Weve been told that because she hasnt agreed to it she cant file an FIR against him which is silly because she has a progressive mental disorder shes often muddled in her thinking. Does anyone have any idea of any means of recourse that can be taken against him We have physical proof photographs of course but Im more interested in my grandmothers safety. Thanks for your help. . H[R]s of Randia need advice: Im an MBBS graduate currently working at an NABHaccredited hospital at 55k pm. I joined here immediately after I finished my course and will complete 3 months on 07/07. When I joined I was supposed to be a Resident in the Department of Medicine handling Medicine OPD wards ICU and adult casualty working 8 hour shifts. From this month Ive been told to attend the pediatrics casualty as well along with all the above. Also the night shift is now 11 hours long. Ive talked to the HR here asked him to either remove the pediatrics load or raise my salary to compensate for the added work load as well as reducing the working hours. He refused making all kinds of excuses even resorting to saying youve chosen the wrong field if you think your job would be easy. Im planning to talk to the administrator directly on Monday regarding the matter. However Ive been receiving job offers worth 50k pm from several hospitals. Also my own college has 100 vacancies at 62k pm before 7th CPC 73k pm after 7th CPC. However college job would downgrade me back to the level of an intern. Its an easy job but Id gain no worthy experience there. The hospital I work at is pretty good in terms of variety of patients and number of staffs to assist us. Id love to continue here but not like this. Currently I hardly get time to sit during the entire shift running from ward to casualty to ICU round and round. The nights are unimaginable given the massive patient load at pediatrics. Is there a way I can get my point through If they reduce the working hours back to 8 or appoint another Resident to share the casualty load with me and of course raise my salary to around 60k it would be great. As for the other job offers how bad would it be for my future job applications/interviews if I change my job now 3 months for 10 lower salary TLDR appointed as resident work load and working hours suddenly increased massively HR not willing to change anything. Help negotiate/choose another job.. Is it possible to obtain any quota certificate through backchannels: [deleted]. Just realised I dont hear much about Islamic terrorist attacks but Hindu terrorists are killing people every week. [R]: Discussion limited to mainland India excludes Kashmir and other disturbed areas. Check the following link to see how the ForcesCiviliansTerrorist deaths annually has gone down from 20004000 in 90s to 100200 in this decade. http//www.satp.org/satporgtp/countries/india/states/jandk/datasheets/annualcasualties.htm I define Islamic terrorists Killing people in the name of Islam Hindu terrorists Killing people in the name of Hinduism I remember in 90s and 00s every year sometimes every month thered be a sickening terrorist attack somewhere in India and almost every time the reason was found to be islamic fundamentalism. In the current decade you hardly hear of such chain bomb attacks or laser show attack or any such. It is not to say that islamic fundamentalism has gone away from India we see such displays regularly. But then what could be the reason for such a decline in attacks Our security apparatus has improved so much And more interestingly and sadly what led to the rise of Hindu extremism such that there are violent attacks every week in the name of Hinduism The beef deaths have become a regular event now so much so that it does not even surprise us. So are the dalit killings by highcaste Hindus. I want to clarify that I am not saying one religion is better than the other. Extremists from every religion have more or less the same ideology. In general I also agree that Islam is more rigid than Hinduism in multiple ways. But this what begs my question. How did the change happen Please dont Modi me. No terrorist/killer is scared or emboldened by Modi. Its just a media creation. At the ground level something is happening in both communities that we are missing. edit formatting. Kashmir tense after mob lynches DSP outside Jamia Masjid mosque.. A brief introduction to Our Constitution.: What is a constitution Constitution is a compilation of basic but supreme laws accepted by the all stakeholders in a society. These laws are comprehensive and consists of Fundamental Rights right to vote right to property etc. Constitution also organizes and define the extent of powers of the elected government and other institutions the procedure to change the existing laws or make new rules in the future. It also defines the relationship between legislature Lawmaking body executive implementing body and judiciary. Why do we need a constitution anyway Food house education equality in society freedom etc. are fundamental things that we need as human beings to progress. It is very important that our voice is heard in the decisions that affect our life. So we create governments and give them powers to exercise for proper functioning and greater good of society. But the history tells us that the power without limitations can lead to corruption dictatorship and oppression. We need to make basic rules to control how that power is used so the government respects our rights and promote our interests. So whenever we try to setup a new society the first thing we do is write a constitution. What is the Constitution of India It is just a thick book written by some really remarkable people. The book contains rules regarding citizenship our fundamental rights fundamental duties as a citizen of this country guidelines/recommendations to the government while making new laws and policies form of the government at centre state and local levels judiciary procedure to change the existing laws or make new laws in the future elections official language of the Union and of a state etc. It also divides the power to make laws between the Centre and the States very clearly and contains emergency provisions. There are many other laws in the constitution related to budget centre state relations minorities amendment of the constitution etc. Who wrote the Indian Constitution As I said earlier the authors of Indian Constitution were of extreme merits who understood the law politics and other aspects of a society really well. They were indirectly elected by the people of our nation through directly elected representatives like we now elect members of Rajya Sabha. Some of them were nominated by the head of princely states. They were collectively known as Constituent Assembly of India. The Constituent Assembly had 299 representatives including nine women. B. R. Ambedkar Lawyer K. M. Munshi Politician amp writer Jawaharlal Nehru Politician Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Lawyer Rajendra Prasad Political leader amp lawyer Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Writer amp scholar were some of the prominent members of the constituent assembly. Ammu Swaminathan Dakshayani Velayudhan G. Durgabai were among the women who contributed to the making of the constitution. Our constitution is signed by 284 members. How did constituent assembly work The first meeting of the Constituent Assembly was held on 9 December 1946 in the constitution hall now the Central Hall of Parliament House in New Delhi. The Constituent Assembly was divided into different Committees to deal with different aspects of the Constitution. The most important was the Drafting Committee under the chairmanship of the Dr. B. R. Ambedkar. Their job was to prepare a draft of the constitution. The committee prepared the draft and submitted to the Assembly on 4 November 1947. After that the draft was debated and over 2000 amendments were moved over a period of two years. Finally on 26 November 1949 the Constituent Assembly completed the task and adopted the Constitution. Our original Constitution is handwritten with beautiful calligraphy each page beautified and decorated by artists from Shantiniketan including Nandalal Bose and Beohar Rammanohar Sinha. I recommend everyone to visit nearby library and see if they have a copy of the original constitution. Alternatively you can have a look at the scanned copy [here]https//www.wdl.org/en/item/2672/view/1/1/. What are the sources of our Constitution The framers of our constitution were inspired by all the major constitution of the world at that time i.e. Constitution of Britain Ireland USA Canada Japan South Africa erstwhile Soviet Union France Australia etc.. They were also inspired by political revolutions French Revolution and ideologies. They also borrowed from many Acts Laws passed by the Britishers Govt. of India Act 1935. Now it is not to say that our Constitution is copied from other onstitutions. The makers of constitution did not copy the provisions as it is from the source but modified them keeping in mind their suitability to the Indian society and need at the same time avoiding their shortcomings. For example the idea of Fundamental Rights was taken from the constitution of USA but the fundamental rights in our constitution are far more elaborate than that in the constitution of USA. Is it possible to modify our constitution Our constitution itself provides for its amendment to adjust to changing conditions and needs. Our constitution is a blend of flexible and rigid constitution. Which means that it is very easy to amend some articles of our constitution and at the same time it is very difficult to amend certain provisions. The constitution gives the power to amend any article including Fundamental Rights of the constitution to Parliament President Rajya Sabha Lok Sabha only. Here the catch though in the famous Kesavananda Bharati v. State of Kerala case in 1973 Supreme Court SC is the final interpreter of the constitution laid down a new doctrine of the Basic Structure/Features of the constitution. It ruled that amendment power of the Parliament does not enable it to alter the Basic Structure/Features of the constitution. Supremacy of the Constitution Secular nature of the Constitution Free and fair election are some of the Basic Features of the constitution. The Basic Features here does not mean features in conventional sense like longest written constitution rigid and flexible etc. but they have a deeper meaning. We will learn in detail about this when I take up the amendment of the Constitution. So how long is this book anyway Our Constitution is the longest written constitution of any sovereign country in the world. As of May 2017 it contains 448 articles laws in 22 parts Chapters in a book 12 schedules Tables/lists given at the end of the constitution like list of states and union territories and their territories and 118 amendments Modified or newly added articles. This was a brief introduction to the constitutionalism and Indian constitution. In the next post we will unfold our constitution and understand the [Preamble]https//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/4d/ConstitutionofIndia.jpg/800pxConstitutionofIndia.jpg which is basically the essence/summary/ abstract/TLDR/ of the constitution in one page. If you want me to take up a current issue Presidential Election/Language/Fundamental Rights or something else let me know. P.S. If you want to read some books on Indian Constitution and working of Parliament you can start with Introduction to the Constitution of India by Dr. DD Basu and Our Parliament by Subhash Kashyap. . [R] Suggest some travel destinations: I have 3 days off in the first week of July and would like to travel somewhere. I am on a limited budget of 6k7k. I stay in MH and would like to explore few places. . Aadhaar Lies damn lies amp statistics authentication fails gross savings: Apar on Twitter [aparatbar]https//twitter.com/aparatbar Lies damn lies amp statistics authentication fails gross savings Aadhaar authentication fails up to 60 of the time. Aadhaar gross savings nowehere close to 50000 Cr Placed facts before the SC. As [UIDAI]https//twitter.com/uidai released . its counter to the public please also read Petitioners response. https//barandbench.com/aadhaar115croresupremecourt/ The rejoinder relies on government documents and audit records which make the 50000 crore savings claims incredibly suspect. The rejoinder relies on government documents to whatever extent available since UIDAI doesnt keep records of authentication failures. Backed up by the tireless work of independent researchers field workers amp activists. Please take some time to read amp understand the issues. Denial of rations and exclusion data due to authentication failures from Page 15 onwards. https//imgur.com/gallery/vwTKR Saving claims of 50000 crores debunked from Page 19 onwards https//imgur.com/gallery/CuYoq More data in the underlying documents. Built of painstaking field research analysis of government docs amp RTIs by journalists researchers. Journalists Focus on the authentication amp savings claims rather than enrollment. What matters more How it works and how much does it save Crack Code Interview on Twitter [Codeinterviews]https//twitter.com/codeinterviews [UIDAI]https//twitter.com/uidai saved money by denying ration to 25 lakh legitimate Indians [ceouidai]https//twitter.com/ceouidai http//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/excludedbyaadhaar4689083/ https//imgur.com/gallery/eQX4I Subramaniam Sharma on Twitter [KannanSharma]https//twitter.com/KannanSharma But what is the failure rate after retries Apar on Twitter [aparatbar]https//twitter.com/aparatbar Sir this is a technology that requires a ideal test lab environment. In many instances the POS device itself is faulty. Pg. 77 1/2 https//imgur.com/gallery/Vj2H7 More directly to your Q. What happens in persistent biometric error People are sent back after 23 tries. Without rations. Pg. 68 2/2 https//imgur.com/gallery/iIrH4 Subramaniam Sharma on Twitter [KannanSharma]https//twitter.com/KannanSharma Thanks. Understood [NandanNilekani]https//twitter.com/NandanNilekani claimed that the failure rate vaporises upon multiple tries. Apar on Twitter [aparatbar]https//twitter.com/aparatbar Welcome sir. Happy to bring data to this debate.. AadhaarNahinSudhaar Day of action Bangalore Town Hall June 30 11 am to 1 pm: Poster gallery https//imgur.com/gallery/iMFeD Simultaneously in Mysore Mangalore Mandya Chamarajanagar Udipi Kotju Belgaum Dharwad Vijayapura Bidar Raichur Ramanagara Chikmagalur Shimoga. I want to do an online business suggest some: I have 2.5lakhs to invest in total.. By 2030 world will have 8.6 billion people 1.5 billion of them in India. Wherever you go an engineers job is never safe. Anil Kumble. VICE on HBO Season One Bad Borders Kashmirs Line of Control [R]. Police Officer Beaten To Death By Mob Outside Srinagars Jamia Masjid. [NonPolitical][Serious] Whats your thoughts on GST now: 1st of all Im not looking for political circlejerking. Im looking for neutral viewpoint and dispassionate analysis. I personally believe if you passionately hate or support something you lose the objectivity. I think its a step in right direction. However there is a lot of scope for improvement. I have couple of points to add. Please correct me if Im wrong and share your valuable insights. Also comprehensive study articles/papers is most welcome. For starters the rates are quite confusing. and I spoke with a CA guy he thinks there are a lot confusion as of now. So I think we can say its in beta phase. After the implementation govt would need to sort out various issues and make sure it increases the efficiency. Also I think rates for various items have been decided in haste and randomly. So that has to be addressed after the implementation. I think it doesnt solve the central issue. Police at the state borders will make other excuses to stop trucks and demand bribes. One of my relatives is truck transporter. If the driver doesnt pay the bribe police simply break their headlights and then charge the fine. This is a lot common. In this respect GST barely helps in faster movements of goods. Since petroleum and Alcohol has been kept out of GST police can stop trucks to check these items. Its far from one tax one nation. The proposed tax structure includes a Central GST a State GST and an Interstate GST. Given the current structure if a person does business in three States he has to get six registrations and make a number of regulatory filings. The Central GST Bill allows the central government to set up an antiprofiteering authority by law or designate an existing authority to carry out the functions. The authority will be responsible for ensuring that the reduction of tax rates on account of implementation of GST results in a commensurate reduction in prices. India has had bad experience with new monitoring bodies. I am afraid this will simply turn another method of officials to stronghand the honest business and extort money if there is no proper oversight on antiprofiteering body. CVC in railway was established to catch corrupt officials. It is yet to catch a single official and we know how much corruption is there. This will lead to more govt more govt means more corruption and inefficiency. I think it will take atleast 23 years to have clarity on rates and various legal issues. Till then there would be chaos and inflation will generally increase. After that if govt make right iterations we might see the benefit of GST. Lastly In India reforms generally work in different way. Govt takes 3 steps ahead and after much brouhaha it takes the two steps back. So you are left with only one step in right direction which is better than zero steps ahead. . Paid my first traffic fine today: Will it forever remain on my record [Wasnt jumping nothing]http//i.imgur.com/MbDHlNm.jpg Quietly stood behind a row of cars at a busy intersection with invisible signals. Decides to pull me over. . Muslims of r/india why is religion so important to you: [removed]. PseudoLiberal AntiNational AntiHindu Libtard and alleging that a user is Pakistani just because they disagree with the government is okay but not these. PseudoLiberal Congressi antinational AntiHindu Terrorist Sympathiser or alleging that someone who disagrees with BJP is Pakistani but not this: [deleted]. AFCAT suggestions: Hey r/India I have almost 8 weeks of preparation before I appear for AFCAT 2. Today I attempted a 2015 AFCAT1 paper I havent attempted the EKT Computer Science paper yet for a benchmark. My attempt was partial since I havent started studying yet and it was completed in 34 minutes and I scored 132 45 correct 13 incorrect Cutoff was 126 and deduce that I need serious work in Numerical Ability GK and Reasoning and some chinks to seal in my Verbal Ability. In fact English is the section where I scored the maximum marks whereas I struggled in Numerical Ability and Pattern questions. IMO it was a decent attempt but I barely crossed the cutoff. People over the internet mention that the score matters in the final list alongwith my performance in the AFSB. Now for a plan I have this [old study plan from a website]http//www.gr8ambitionz.com/2014/01/airforcecommonadmissiontestafcat.html and I get the current affairs and GK questions from SSBCrack and some apps and DD/RSTV. I was thinking if I should buy their course but I did not do so though I have a question if their course is actually beneficial or not If you have any additional suggestions for resources such as books apps websites or related to preparation Id appreciate that.. [R] can anyone recommend a good hiking bag: Im looking to a budget of 2k will be taking food and clothes mostly needs to be durable. . Live chat on ISRO launch of Cartosat.: [deleted]. [R] Ancient Lord Shiva Temples In Straight Line on Same Latitude Yogic Science. Bengaluru hitandrun case Car identified in less than 20 minutes. Child rights commission issues notice to 6 Bengaluru schools: [deleted]. [R] Need some career related help.: Currently Im working in a tier 3 city in a good mechanical company after my engineering. Ive lost three years in engineering and with reference got my first job luckily. After working now for almost a year I dont find my job interesting as Ive been doing is only people management than mechanical and mechanical is something Ive lost my liking now. Also living in this city where scope of growing for me is comparatively less compared to big cities I dont find much interest in working as I get with no likeminded people to hang around only Sundays off personal life is fucked relationship is almost shit I feel depressed in this city living alone except Sundays when I meet friends living in other city nearby. The only way I feel to get out of this current situation is to enhance my skills in other field than mechanical or a mba degree. Ive been finding other option like learning Python statistics and data analytics but Im not sure what is the right since its different than my engineering field or how to find my interest towards it. Why I thought about MBA Straightforward answer is to get a jump in career and money. Few friends told me its a waste unless its a good college others told its a recent trend another set of friends told if you get in you get a good jump in your career. This all makes me confuse. I need some guidance to know how I should deal with this situation. The questions going in my mind are is mba a way out if I score good or thought if I should try for Python learning as a skill and data science only as per the current scenario What are my other options P.S. Im not leaving my current job until Im confirm about the next job or college. Ive been told to stick to this job atleast till 2 years as it will help later as experience with a good brand on my CV.. TIL about the Battle of Colachel 1741 in which Marthanda Varma of Travancore crushingly defeated the Dutch East Indies Company marking the end of Dutch influence in India.: Wikipedia article https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/BattleofColachel . Sax life summed up by Johnsons. Anyone on r/India duped by Japan Life magnetic mattress Help me connect the dots to find the culprit.: [deleted]. UP Cop Asks 37YO Gang Rape Victim To Have Sex With Him Before Registering FIR. Have you noticed tata sky keeps hiking price every 6 months: i remember when i bought it it was 200rs than it became 230rs than 250rs now it was 285rs and wow its 299from yesterday they cant hike prices without sending 1 month early notifications right i think they are breaking rules. gotta ditch tata shit this time.. Would you guys like a series on Indian constitution Introduction to Indian constitution in laymans terms. [R]: I see a lot of queries here regarding constitution and governance on daily basis. These post get quiet a few upvotes but participation on these post is very low. I also see a lot of you misinterpreting FoSampampE centerstate relations etc. So would you like a crash course on Indian constitution and governance Edit You guys have spoken I will explain Part/Article of the constitution depending on the length on every Saturday morning Sorry can not do it daily. I will try to explain every aspect of the Part/Article and FAQs related to that Part/Article. I will also try to answer your queries to best of my knowledge. Edit 2 This blew up beyond my imagination. I will try to include the suggestions in the comments. . Can we have a disaster warning thread: Where natural disasters can be posted so as the people know what is happening where and help their brethren All i see is politics and same reposts again and again and important threads vanish like guavas from a tree. [serious] What is your usual and/or favorite lunch: Im trying to establish a new lunch schedule . Their heart beats for Chandigarh. What women suffer most in Bengaluru Cruelty at home molestation on the roads. So this happened. Riya Sens boyfriend is on /r/gonewild. Behind the mask Indian women don cow masks in photographer Sujatro Ghoshs latest series that highlights safety for women. 3 Months Work in India What to do [R]: Hello everyone Im going to be working in India Bangalore/Bengalaru for 3 months starting soon. Id love some insight in great things to see places to go and things to do. All recommendations welcome.. Marvin Mills and the Taj Mahal. What will be scope of M.tech in Anna university[R]: What will be the scope of an M.Tech in Anna University Nanotechnology leather technology BIopharma Food Technology Industrial Safety and Hazard Management among these fields which will have more scope in future . Indian King Snubbed at Rolls Royce Bought 6 Luxury Cars Then Used it to Collect Garbage. What do Indians love most about India. How to approach the problem that the neighbor drives their bullet bike into the apartment: Hi reddit My dad had a series of verbal fights with the opposite flat no walls between us and them. He used some cuss words to some girl in the other flat and then again to some other college dude. My father likes to drink. And the owner is focusing on my fathers shortcomings instead of addressing the issue that the neighbors are parking their bullet late at night. The owner himself admits this is a problem for the past few weeks Which corroborates with my fathers argument that he tried to reason with the neighbors many times. But he says to adjust because in a metro city we are supposed to bear with this and everywhere it is like this. I tried to reason with the owner but he seems keen on not listening to my claim that it is a irritating noise. Not sure how to approach this.. what is your take Edit I know I am asking internet strangers this question is foolish. But I just want to understand whether parking your bike in closed spaced apartments by riding in without turning the bike off is nuisance or acceptable. [Serious] Freelancers of /r/india how are you dealing GST: While GST has increased the exemption limit to 20 lakhs. It has also made it mandatory for many people who didnt need to register for service tax earlier to enroll for GST. And there are financial penalties for those not complying even out of ignorance. Anyone having clients in/receiving payments from multiple states. Anyone working for clients abroaddirectly or via online marketplaces like upwork/fiverr etc. and earning forex.Import/export is also considered interstate trade under GST People selling stuff online on ebay/amazon etc.There was a thread about this recently Bloggers earning revenue from adsense and other sources.Source https//www.cuelinks.com/blog/impactgstbloggersaffiliatemarketersindia/ I assume this also impacts Anyone renting out commercial property at less than 20lpa in a different state etc.And possibly soon people renting out residential properties too http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/govtseekspowerstolevygstonallrentalincome/articleshow/57882538.cms So how are you dealing with this Have you signed up for GST How was the process Any tips for those signing up now. What software/service are you planning to use for compliance with the dozens of mandatory filings How much did it cost How much will it cost you over the next year If you evaluated multiple services/software to make your decision... share the pros/cons of each/ why you chose/rejected them. Edit added link about bloggers having to register for GST. . A calm midnight a gali in Karol Bagh New Delhi. [4032x3024]. Worlds and Indias oldest yoga teachers Tao PorchonLynch and Amma Nannamal in Bengaluru. Happy international yoga day to all: I practiced yoga asnas. Pranayamakriya and meditation today. How was your day yoga lovers . whatd happen if all these insurgents amp separatists had their way and got succeeded in their respective agendas. Infographic Presidential elections. Her of the World [R]: In 2016 I found 12 shellac records in the old city of Hyderabad India. The original record labels of all the records are painted over in black making the information on the original record label difficult to read http//i.imgur.com/Ji7oICZ.jpg Reading through the black paint with the naked eye I can discern the following text BUENAS NUEVAS Gospel Recording Assn. Bangalore India Good News Miri Miching One side of each of the records is painted over in white or yellow paint making that side of the record virtually unlistenable. Examples of the painted sides of the records include http//i.imgur.com/umcM4CV.jpg and http//i.imgur.com/wuKSBVB.jpg An example of the audio of one side of one of the records is as follows https//soundcloud.com/user372252616/herooftheworld/stagwy I gather that all 12 records are in the same language/dialect possibly the following language from Assam or Arunachal http//globalrecordings.net/en/language/683 Additionally the series of records these records are part of are referred to here https//books.google.co.in/booksidVj8XVtpmLS4CamppgPA118amplpgPA118ampdqbuenasnuevasgospelrecordingassn.bangaloreampsourceblampotswvFScA15KOampsig2okrHijJpUp24ymfG4QohvLa54amphlenampsaXampved0ahUKEwjVh8aIrMzUAhXKro8KHY0NAQEQ6AEIJzAAvonepageampqbuenasnuevas20gospel20recording20assn.20bangaloreampffalse If you are able to provide me any further information about these records the language/dialect they are in an idea of the subject matter the context they were produced in why they were painted over or any other information it would be immensely appreciated. Thank you. [NP] . ActivismForAPrice EXPOSED. [Ask India] What career skills are a must have for anyone who wishes to survive the job market and is going to work for the next 30 yea[r]s: I am in my late twenties and was thinking about what skills should I acquire before I turn 30 so that I could easily stay in job till my sixties FYI i am an MBA in HR at present and work in the recruitment domain. Reformers ampamp Rebels Exclusive conversation with Sri Sri Ravi Shankar: [deleted]. The history of Mundas Dravidas and Aryans.: [removed]. The origin of Mundas Dravidas and Aryans.: [removed]. Whey protein powder suggestions: Hello fellow fitness enthusiasts Im looking for suggestions/feedback/reviews for whey protein I finished college sometime back and looking for a not so expensive option I consume around 6070 grams through natural sources but need around 2530 more how is muscleblaze and royalent they are priced right for me. [R] A bit stressed out question about filing tax returns and aadhaar card: So I dont have an aadhaar card right now. Its just that I havent got around to doing it yet. I heard that those without aadhaar need to file tax returns before 30th june. I would prefer to do the returns in july hence I was thinking of applying for an aadhaar card right now. If I apply for an aadhaar card now there is a chance that I get stuck in a no mans land situation where I dont get it by 31st july. Hence in that situation Ill be filing my tax returns after 30th june and at the same time not having an aadhaar card. Another bad situation I file my tax returns on 29th july and end up getting an aadhaar on 30th july suddenly Im the guy who had an aaddhaar card and didnt connect it to his PAN before filing IT returns. Im getting a bit stressed out over this situation of possibly being litigated by the government over something so trivial. I mean Ive always paid my taxes and I WANT to pay my taxes Im not trying to evade anything. It doesnt help that Im a stressed out person in general. Anyway does anyone know how long it is taking to get an aadhaar nowadays Specifically South Bangalore If I can get a little assurance that I can get an aadhaar quicker one of my friends said it took about 3 weeks but I just want to be sure I might be able to be less anxious about the whole situation and just get both this aadhaar and IT return thing sorted out before 31st july and then just forget about the whole thing once and for all.. Inflation in education sector especially inside engineering colleges [NP] [Serious]: Lets get this out first My current salary is decent around X1.6L per month figure where Xgt 1. I dont know what I was wondering about that made me think of college fees. Oh yeah I am getting married. So during my engineering 20082012 I had spent around 2L laptop and some pocket money. This 2L includes academic hostel mess fee. Lets call it colleges fixed fee. Also before that I spent on coaching Basnal/Fiitjee/VMC Anand vihar. Before that some tuitions and these days prenursery and God know what ahead. Anyways coming back to the college fee. For the new batch which is going to start the academic fee is around 5.81L Definitely above 5L and the hostel mess fee is around 2.8L. I pulled this information from some random websites so I am not sure if the numbers are correct. Lets assume the total college fee for this year to be around 8L. Now in 5 years the college fee for a government engineering college has increased 4x times. Assuming that my child will go to college after 20 years and do engineering no parental pressure backchodi just an assumption and 2x increase in every 5 years the approx fee in 2037 will be around 1.28 crore. If not that it will be at least 50L. I dont even want to think about the fee in private engineering college. I am also not aware of the fees in private school coaching and dont want to imagine how much it will be. Personally I dont know if the increase in the income will be able to easily catch up with the inflation in the education sector. Will an average or below average medium class family able to easily afford education fees in the future Maybe the online courses will gain enough credibility and act as a viable cheap alternative but it wont be able to replace a college in terms of overall development and education. Our current system doesnt do a good job in that aspect see the rant at 3.00 https//youtu.be/BhWWiCwRb7s Bahut saving karni padhegi bc.. [Reddiquette] [Ask India] Himachal Pradesh travel advice.: Hello Im planning a 10 day trip to Himachal in a month or so. What are the places I shouldnt miss and places I must avoid. Wed be driving ourselves so travels not a problem. Places on our mind include Chandigarh Mcleodganj Kullu Manali Shimla Dharamshala Kasol Kasauli Dalhousie. Were trying to narrow it down to just 34 places so that we dont spend most of the time just driving. Can you help us Any word on the local culture language and food Id be incredibly grateful to yall. Thank you.. [R] Freescape a platform to discuss your mental stigma: Hey guys. Weve made a website called Freescape to function as a platform where people can discuss their mental problems with people whove gone/are going through the same and to let them know theres always light at the end of the tunnel. We all know how depression is becoming increasingly prevalent in India these days yet a taboo around discussing ones mental problems still exist. Freescape allows people to discuss share stories about their woes inspiring stories or articles thatll help suffering people anonymously if they wish to. After all whats better than discussing your problems with people whove had/are having the same Since were in a very early stage were also looking for any piece of feedback you have Link to site http//freescape.me Link to Facebook page https//facebook.com/freescape.me/. [R]How likely is it that Match was fixed: [deleted]. Militancy to Meditation Transforming the lives of ULFA Militants. Freescape.me a platform to discuss your mental stigma: [removed]. Amazing imitation of tony Grieg s commentary in English by a villager. Healthier Affordable Snacks Anyone[R]: [deleted]. What are we going to do: So r/India a lot of us are feeling increasingly dismayed at where things are going in the country in addition to where they already were. Yes I know you there you are going to tell me that I am a fool for being surprised at this. Well done Thanks for pointing that out We good Ok moving on. My question is what are we going to do I would assume that most of the people here are rational and do not get swayed by the increasingly emotional rhetoric from all sides today. OR at least we try. On the other hand we are not considered vote banks just people to be exploited in one way or the other. SO what are we going to do We can vote of course. However we tend to suffer from the purity paradigm where either candidates are not honest enough or not secular enough or not ltwhatevergt enough so that we do not feel comfortable voting for them. It is easier to just stay home and swallow the bile then pour out our frustrations on these sites. We also cannot seem to find a way to communicate what we would like to see in our candidates. Anyway I feel that there is great potential in people. What can we do What are we willing to do Note I am not asking for things like Emigrate. Yeah I know it is a possible solution for me. I want a possible solution for India. Would appreciate some constructive discussion on what we can do as educated people to make peoples lives better. What are you doing to make the country a better place Share and let us know how we can help too I feel that at some level an effective education is the best vaccine against the narrow minded sectarianism and populism inducing issues that we are seeing. Somewhere around the mid nineties it feels like many of the good teachers retired. And there was no demand for teaching jobs. And mostly those who failed elsewhere came in to these jobs. And their frustrations and lack of critical thinking and lack of respect for the job came with them. Not having teachers that I respect has always had a profound effect on how much I respected/liked the subject during my education. It is only now that I am rediscovering my love for all these subjects. So now you have tons of people who are literate not educated as someone I know likes to say. They were there before as well but now we have an increasing population and lowering education. Can we help Can we try to influence what is taught the same way certain organizations both Hindutva and Marxist do Can we try to help out with the deficit that some schools have Can we teach I am going to go try out with some local government schools. In a way I am sorry that I have never really volunteered before. I tried once but the chaotic way it was done made me feel like we were doing more harm than good. But I am ready to try again more persistently this time. Of course somewhere in my heart I have to cross question what seems like the Indian need to break rules and game the system no matter their actual need to do so. Seems no one is ever satisfied. Cynical person sorry But anyway I am trying to be positive. . Scientists/philosophers you follow regularly on Twitter or anywhere else: [deleted]. [SERIOUS] A few more Questions about Moms Divorce case against Abusive father: Previous Post https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6i1ib9/seriouscanmymotherfilefordivorceandask/ I forgot one thing. He is constantly saying that he will kick us out of the flat and sell it. Can he sell the flat without moms consent faking her signature Also can he kick us out of the house And My mom is 52 years old. Her only income is giving Tution classes to Children. Every month that income varies and its not enough to support ourselves. Will that Tution make her a Working Woman Because for 4 months in exam season she has ZERO income. Can my father use it against mom in court to escape alimony. Who is [R]amnath Kovind: Randians please inform us about our next president to be His life and achievements. . [R]ant I am Indian dont have aadhaar cant get a centralized job and immigrants run amok in my country side.: [removed]. Monday Motivation: [deleted]. TIL the term Chink that mainlanders use to refer to Northeast Indians has been compared in degree of offensiveness to terms such as nigger dago and kike as well as Paki.. [AMA Announcement] Harsha Bhogle June 19th 1800 IST: Verification https//twitter.com/bhogleharsha/status/876484790274457600 Time 1800 IST Bio https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HarshaBhogle This AMA will be hosted on /r/India but cross posted on /r/cricket for logistical reasons. This AMA was organized with the help of /u/IndoAryaVIII Please note This thread is only an announcement. The actual AMA thread will be posted on June 19th 1800 IST. Please ask your questions there.. [SERIOUS] Can my Mother file for divorce and ask for alimony against my Abusive Father: They are married for 27 years. Within a year of marriage she filed for a 498A case. They stayed separated for 5 years. The case was never settled and is probably still open. After he came back to take back mom after apologizing they settled together. I was born soon after. Things while not completely fine were ok enough to be withstood. For the last 10 years he has a affair with a fellow junior Professor of the college he was once a Teacher in Charge of. Also he started drinking heavily at night [and day too on holidays] and started verbal abuse on Me and Mom. That gradually escalated to physical abuse on me. Now for the last one year sometime he even started hitting mom. 2 weeks ago he slapped mom for no reason at the very first thing in the morning and abused us verbally all day. The next day he was doing the same and even went as far as hitting mom on the arms and kicking her on the belly and even tried to STAB HER WITH A SCISSOR. We called Moms cousin [a Colonel Indian Army] he came with a fellow Colonel to resolve things. He behaved badly with them [he has extremem superiority complex and believes even the PM Narendra Modi and others arent suited to polish his boots etc]. The other Colonel had enough and he put him in his army can by shoving him by his neck. But we let him out to talk so that he takes divorce and leaves. We filed an FIR. For the last 2 weeks hes also abusing verbally whenever he can but only eats here and watches TV. He leaves at Night to sleep at her moms house which is 5 wins walking distance. Now the Things to point out He is a Govt employee earns over 1 Lakh per month. I am a Final year BDS Student. Mom has no job. She gives Tution which has variable income. We have no Permanent Income. The flat we live in is jointly owned by my parents. The flat where his mother lives me and my mom has the first names there. His being the third. What was really want to ask is Can my mom file for Mutual divorce before him and only ask THIS flat for Alimony and nothing else We have enough Picture and Audio and other evidences which even the Police OC heard while taking the FIR. He can not deny those. We only want him to give us this flat and maybe Rs 10000 per month. NOTHING ELSE from him. We will even give up the other flats ownerships. He is a psychopath if he tries and [God forbid] Kills mom when im in college what are my options Please help. Its very Urgent. . [AskIndia] On deifying M K Gandhi.: [removed]. Indians are good at: [removed]. Indians are good at: [removed]. Indians are only good at Breeding useless babies Gang raping shitting throwing garbage living in slums: [removed]. Redditors lets come together and open a suicide helpline service. Whos in : [Read this reddit post]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6hzeni/npwhatisthepointofthesuicidehotlineif/ and almost everyday there is a depression related thread. Can we do something about it Of course this requires expertise but with training isnt it possible to learn the art of counseling the suicidal Maybe expert people can answer this. Since its a telephonic thing volunteers can work from their place and pitch in whatever they can. Even if we can save one life that will the best present we can give to the world. I am ready to take the full charge of setting the initial operations but need volunteers to move ahead . How should be move ahead What challenges do you foresee in opening such a service. Indians are only good at Breeding useless babies Gang raping shitting throwing garbage living in slums: [removed]. Novelty accounts of r/india REPRESENT: [removed]. [R]Beginners Guide To The World of Hindi Comics: Before We Begin A long post ahead. Poured my heart out on this one I promise the next set of posts will be shorter This post and the subsequent posts are all a tribute to those days when we knew Phantom not as the Ghost who walks but as Chalta Firta Pret. After you read this do share which your favourite superhero is as well as who is your favourite comic book publisher and why. I might have have missed out on some details and Id love to hear how you guys feel about this. I remember the day I held my first Raj Comics comic book vividly. It has been almost 20 years since the day but the memory is still fresh. The year was 1998 and I was almost 5 years old going to the doctors clinic with my father. I was to get an injection. Like every 5 year old injections scared me to death. I would cry jump around and even try to push away the doctors. In order to distract me my father bought me a comic book. This comic book would change my life. The comic was Sapera featuring Nagraj the snakeman. I was addicted. From the greenskinned snakeman to the Commando in yellow and blue from the men who swore not to kill villains to Doga and Bhediya who would rip the hearts out of their enemies from the deshbhakt detective Tiranga and Farz Ki Machine Inspector Steel to the gutter dwelling Fighter Toads From wonderman Parmanu who had a whole laboratory and a robotic relative to Shakti who was a goddess herself Raj Comics had something to offer to everyone. Let us break down the Hindi Comis scene into the following broad categories Raj Comics Most popular Indian comic book characters such as Nagraj Super Commando Dhruva Doga Bankelal etc. come from Raj Comics the home of Indian superheroes. They published comic books on Shaktimaan as well as another set of 8 iconic comics on Mukesh Khannas Viraat. Fang was another popular publication that came from Raj Comics and ran for a few years in the late 90s to early 2000s. Raj Comics also experimented with horror with Thrill Horror Series comics. The company is run by Delhi based Sanjay Gupta and his brothers. Manoj and Tulsi Comics Manoj Comics was a precursor to Raj Comics. Many characters and artists soon moved to Raj Comics characters with a similar look and feel appeared with different stories. Crookbond was a precursor to Gamraj Hawaldar Bahadur a precursor to Bankelal etc. While Manoj had their fair share of phantas and superherolike characters they also had many normal human beings bringing humor to or adding thrill to your regular day to day situations. Tulsi Comics were primarily known for Angara the defender of jungles and Tausi the snakeman two of their most popular superheroes who faded away as Raj Comics rose to popularity in the early 90s. Jambu was another popular superhero to come from Tulsi comics and perhaps the only Indian superhero to die in a comic. A very emotional arc led to his death. Diamond Comics Most popularly known for Chacha Chaudhary Billu and Pinki Diamond Comics have also had their fair share of superheroes and crime busters. There was Fauladi Singh Agniputra Abhay Rajan Iqbal and many others. Diamond Comics also ran a series on Milind Somans Captain Vyom Shaktimaan also appeared in Diamond Comics thus becoming the only character to have appeared on Raj Comics as well as Diamond Comics Diamond Comics later had the rights to Phantom Mandrake Flash Gordon and various other western superheroes. Amar Chitra KathaOthers Amar Chitra Katha and Tinkle which come from the same family of publishers is among the most popular comic books in India coz kulcha ftw. In all honesty I read a lot of ACK growing up still do and theyve never been the enforers of kulcha. They tell a great story and their Facebook page is AWESOME. Others include the likes of Chanda Mama Lotpot Nanhey Samrat Madhu Muskaan King Comics and a ton of other companies and regional publications. I believe the modern generation is losing touch with these gems and the closer we get to the digital world the further we are getting away from comics myself included. I was at one point of time a person who would skip lunch to read comics. I realized while writing this that I havent read any in the last two years. Over the years the love for Hindi Comics has survived via various communities of the Orkut era which helped unite tens of thousands of fans. The likes of Raj Comics Fan Nation and various other similar communities have helped preserve the passion the janoon for years. I have personally met some members of these groups over the years and their collection of thousands of comic books fills my heart with joy. These groups continue being active on Facebook too. Raj Comics too has a very active Facebook Page. Raj Comics is currently working on the development of a web series on Super Commando Dhruv and a fanfunded movie the production of which began yesterday on a Thrill Horror Series comic Aadamkhor Hatyara. Note Please avoid piracy of comics. It is easy to download comics off the internet but it is hard to imagine the effort that has gone behind the creation of these comics. For those craving to read Raj Comics or Manoj Comics you can check out the Raj Comics app on the Google Play Store. Buy comics to read them help save the Hindi Comic industry. Heres the [Raj Comics Android App]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.rajcomics.comicsreaderamphlen PS Had initially planned 30 posts continuous. However I realized thats not practical. Ill post about 20 posts in this series one every week. They might not be coming out every Sunday will try to post one every Sunday but depends on my work and travel schedule [Link to previous thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6hmjec/shoutouttoallhindicomicfanswouldyouguys/ thanks Randia for the support. . [R] BSNL Should Allow Its Users To Deactivate Their STVs. BSNLs New Trick To Prevent Heavy Downloaders At Night: [removed]. Indias BSF Officers in Conversation with Sadhguru [Full Episode]. What the hell happened to Reddit Meetup No news: [deleted]. Some people take driving way too casually: http//imgur.com/QWjoFpa This guy was watching a movie the whole time while driving. Western Express Highway Borivali Mumbai at Peak timing in the evening. . Some people prefer to use their a bit too much while driving.... have a look: [deleted]. Indias BSF Officers in Conversation with Sadhguru: [deleted]. Indias BSF Officers in Conversation with Sadhguru: [deleted]. 1993 Mumbai blasts Abu Salem 5 others convicted 1 acquitted. Muslims protest Yogi governments move to make Muslim marriage registration mandatory. Frustrations in enrolling for aadhar card..: According to online guides the process for enrolling is to make an appointment in an enrollment center. Then reach that center on the allotted date/time. But if I go to the aadhar website then there is no such option. They have an enrollment center search. https//appointments.uidai.gov.in/EAsearch.aspx You can search for the center. But thats all. There is no enrollment option. Even if you search for the center you still need to know whether or not you can directly come or do you need to do something online first. So I called up various centers. I attempted 6 centers and not one of them responded properly. All that Im asking is is it possible to enroll for Aadhar card. Can I come today. And they are not able to respond to this with a yes or no or a relevant counter question. I will have to directly go to the enrollment center. Thinking of going tomorrow because Monday onwards again I have office. Frustrated. [DISCUSSION] Do you think that NGOs amp Community Service in Educational Institutions show that how Government is unable to provide help the underprivileged: [deleted]. V. K. Krishna Menon At UN in 1955. need some help finding a 4gb ddr2 800mhz ram.: [deleted]. V. K. Krishna Menon Thug Life. [Serious] Do NRIs need to have an Aadhar card to maintain their NRE accounts: This is in the context of the new rule to have an Aadhar card by Dec 30. What if you cannot make it to India by then due to visa issues can you get an Aadhar card while in the US. Why do southern states contribute very less in Indian Armed Forces: Almost all the Northern states like Uttarakhand UP Harayana Punjab contributes very highly in Indian armed forces why do southern states lack behind in this factor Top 10 States Of India Giving Officers To Indian Army Navy and Air Force Uttar Pradesh Haryana Uttarakhand Bihar Rajasthan Punjab Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra Delhi Jammu and Kashmir Source http//www.ssbcrack.com/2015/11/top10statesofindiagivingofficerstoindianarmynavyandairforce.html Are Indias national security only problem of cowbelt states or as they say BIMARU states For people saying language is a issue Almost all can agree that english is the preferred language in army so if you dont know hindi english is always there as an option. And you would expect most to know English atleast in 2017. Besides India has so many languages marathi/punjabi/harayanvi/etc if we can get with that for so many years why cant we have that diversity in Indian armed forces Or should we just assume that there is diversity but no unity. Art of Living retreats abroad with Sri Sri [R]avi Shankar Need advice please.: Guys please advise. My friend is going through a very rough patch and she is in a bad place mentally depressed angry pushing everyone away. She talks to me sometimes and I try to keep quiet and listen and dont give advice as far as possible. Today she told me she wants to join an Art of Living retreat in the presence of Ravi Shankar. It costs like 600 for 2 days. I told her to investigate the class before joining. She got angry and asked me why. I said because I have heard of some controversies with the methods of Art of Living this group has cultish tendencies and so I would investigate before joining. She has cut me out now. I am feeling terrible. But I thought it is my duty to let her know about controversies especially when she is in a vulnerable state of mind. I dont want her taken advantage of. Did I do wrong in telling her to investigate. Yoga amp Meditation is Good should be introduced in all schools and individuals can opt out: [deleted]. Does anyone still have any hopes left for this country [Weekly update after deadline for linking Aadhar with bank accounts] [R]: [The Supreme Court gave a clever judgement about linking PAN with Aadhar and CBDT immediately within a day issued a clarification that PANs will not be cancelled but you cant file taxes without Aadhar.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6gl56f/doesanyonestillhaveanyhopesleftforthis/ Now without any hidden play of words the Government made it clear that Aadhar is Mandatory if you want an operating bank account after Dec 31st 2017. Even though the Supreme Court very clearly mentioned since the impugned provisions are yet to be considered on the touchstone of Article 21 of the Constitution including on the debate around Right to Privacy and human dignity etc. as limbs of Article 21 we are of the opinion that till the aforesaid aspect of Article 21 is decided by the Constitution Bench a partial stay of the aforesaid proviso is necessary. in their judgement the Government keeps issuing notifications openly disregarding the Supreme Court No contempt of court proceedings no details about when the constitution bench will wake up just nothing except for the Governments transgressions. Hopes Still anyone. Tarun Tejpal case Court passes restraining order gags media from reporting trial. Global Reddit Meetup Day is TOMORROW: [So many of you may have already read the blog post]https//redditblog.com/2017/04/27/globalredditmeetupdayiscomingsetyourcalendarsforjune172017/. Below are links to the planning threads for each city. Global Reddit Meetup is Tomorrow June 17th Saturday. [Ahmedabad]https//www.reddit.com/r/ahmedabad/comments/69171w/redditmeetupdayjune172017planningthread/ [Bangalore]https//www.reddit.com/r/bangalore/comments/67x8jj/grmdishereonjune17timetomakerbangalore/ [Chandigarh]https//www.reddit.com/r/Chandigarh/comments/6edq8q/globalredditmeetupday/ [Chennai]https//www.reddit.com/r/Chennai/comments/6e55of/soisglobalredditmeetupdayhappeningin/refshareamprefsourcelink [Dehradun]https//www.reddit.com/r/Dehradun/comments/6f5c1n/globalredditmeetupdaythread2017/ [Delhi]https//www.reddit.com/r/delhi/comments/680oqw/soarewemeetingupfortheglobalredditmeetup/ [Mumbai]https//www.reddit.com/r/mumbai/comments/680r95/globalredditmeetupdayinmumbai/ [Goa]https//www.reddit.com/r/Goa/comments/6eozlv/goasfirstredditmeetup/ [Guwahati]https//www.reddit.com/r/guwahati/comments/6gx3wb/grmdonjune17/ [Hyderabad]https//www.reddit.com/r/hyderabad/comments/6emk2t/grmdhyderabad2017/ [Jaipur]https//www.reddit.com/r/jaipur/comments/6g5h8m/grmddiscussionthread/ [Kolkata]https//www.reddit.com/r/kolkata/comments/6f7e66/kolkataredditmeetupjune17/ [Nagpur]https//www.reddit.com/r/nagpur/comments/6eg360/globalredditmeetupdayjune172017/ [Pune]https//www.reddit.com/r/pune/comments/692awy/megathreadpuneredditmeetup17thjune/ . Shoutout to all Hindi comic fans. Would you guys be interested in a 30 days of Hindi Comics series of posts [R]: For anyone who grew up in the 80s and 90s Diamond Comics Raj Comics Manoj Comics Tulsi Comics etc would be familiar names. I have spent so many summers binge reading Nagraj Super Commando Dhruv Doga Bankelal Hawaldar Bahadur Chacha Chowdhury Tiranga and the countless other Indian comic characters. Would you guys be interested in a 30 days of series featuring Indian comics and Indian comic characters Id love to spread the love around Hindi Comics which I feel are being looked down upon at these days by an elite smartphoneandenglishspeaking youth. PS I understand this might not be as popular with the millennials or South Indian demographics but Im sure these would be names most of you must have come across if not actively read the comics. Id start with these posts in the next couple of days if yall are interested . Why we never see this on the news channels. Activist asks family to take pet dog to vet gets th[r]ashed Times of India. Well look like theyve cured student suicides.. [Reddiquette] Gadget enthusiasts of reddit what mobile are you using and are you ok with it: Please give more details on your phone. Like why do you like it What do you not like. I am using Redmi Note 3. Pretty amazing so far. Battery lasts longer like 12 hours on 4g and daily use. But the screen is a bit big for my liking. Also you cant use the second sim and SD card at the same time.. How to establish the Hindu Nation that has Dharma as its foundation: [deleted]. We fought for independence from the Britishers and now if I fight for independence from the North Indians why am I the one who is on the wrong side: [deleted]. Issue of Foreign Origin Sonia Under Scrutiny [old] [Discusses legal reasons why Sonia Gandhi could not be PM]. [R]andia Help me choose a laptop that is light weight has a good battery life and can be used for development: So my 4 year old Dell 17 series is in a state where the battery hardly lasts for an hour. Due to its heavy weight it becomes impossible for me to carry around. It has a 17 touch screen 16GB RAM 1 TB hard disk and a Nvidia 750M 2GB GPU. I got this as a gift from an uncle and it is currently not for sale anywhere. What price can I expect if I sell this laptop Is it wise to sell the laptop or keep it as a desk computer replacing my 12 year old PC 4GB RAM 500gb HDD no GPU and 22 monitor. Now coming to a new laptop I am looking for something with really good battery life considering I will be out for almost 5 to 6 hours a day without access to a power source. Something that charges fast is also a plus. I am looking to use this primarily for training and testing machine learning models and maybe a little bit of big data. So Id also want a 16GB RAM. Not really keen on the SSD. I am ok with a HDD also. Open to all storage options. So you guys can tell me the best option. Moreover I want one with a warranty seller/manufacturer. I found some really good deals on XPS13 in Bangalore but they come with 15 days warranty only. So dont wanna take such gambles. Price range us flexible. So VFM options are preferred. Please help me out Thx.. Help me with this girl [R]andia.: [deleted]. Remembering Lee Kuan Yew and What He Had to Say About India. I literally fell in love with this beautiful country country of great contrasts but also great humility great tolerance philosophical amp intellectual freedoms my ancestors used to live in caves and eat raw meat when India was a highly civilized nation 6000 years ago. KGB Agent Yuri Bezmenov: Watch this Incredible video about propaganda under soviet union. In between he talks a lot about India and his experiences in India. One of great video on the Internet. https//www.youtube.com/watchv5It1zarINv0 . Kashmir 3 militant attacks in 24 hours injure over 13 jawans along LoC a[R]my on high alert. Chinese daily blames Indian Western media for exaggerating impact of Quetta abduction The Express Tribune. [R] [Rant] Im tired.: Im tired of everything thats wrong with our country. We are divided in every way possible be it through languages or caste or even political ideologies. Politicians are hell bent upon selling this country. There are no systems in place. Yes there are days when it feels good to see our country progressing mainly due to ISRO but those days are rare. Every person is just concerned about himself/herself. The humane aspect is dwindling with every passing day. The education system is in tatters. Were more concerned about clearing a fucking exam rather than studying. I didnt clear JEE Advanced but thats a different matter I dont see India reaching the stature of any developed country even in the next 100 years. As a young lad of 18 should I disconnect myself from all the shit going on with our country and instead focus on my own work But if I do so Ill be one of the same ignorant assholes who do nothing for the country. Also please suggest ways to revitalize. Any help will be appreciated. Thanks.. Vijay Mallya extradition UK judge mocks India for delaying evidence in case. U/Australiass talks about India at r/SubredditSimulator. /u/AustraliaSS talks about India on r/SubredditSimulator: [deleted]. A Documentary On Manual Scavenging That Will Make You Cringe But Its A Dirty Truth You Cannot Walk Away From. Where to get Medical Marijuana in India: [deleted]. [R]equest can we please somehow start reporting child abuse to authority.: I today saw a whatsapp video where a lady is beating a child mercilessly with a stick and then with hands. While one of the family member is recording on the phone. I understand from my childhood its not very uncommon to get a ass wooping from parent. But this is disturbing. I didnt understand what she was talking about while beating her. If anyone can identity and report this lady it would be great. Here is a still of the lady. I am not sure what can be done. https//imgur.com/gallery/81r61. [R] NonResident Indians Hows life in the country youre currently living in: I am a 17 year old born and raised in the Philippines to Indian nationals. I am an Indian citizen because Philippines follows Jus sanguinis Right of blood type of citizenship. Isthere any of you who were born abroad but still hold an Indian citizenship How does it feel like growing up . Regarding Farm crisis symptoms disease and solutions: [deleted]. [R] TIFU by talking about privacy on okcupid: [deleted]. Regarding Agriculture crisis symptoms disease and solutions: [deleted]. [R] The most interesting moment to watch in an international summit Group Photo. BRUCE LEE ampamp KRISHNAMURTI. Bruce Lee and Jiddu Krishnamurti: [deleted]. I need to know if I [22 M] was molested by my grandfather [82 M] as a child when I was 37 years of age: [deleted]. Sorry Kashmir Is Happy. Sending a crosscontinental gift via AliExpress: My sister lives in Germany and I want to send her a gift on her birthday. Courier charges are expensive so Im thinking of buying something from AliExpress by paying INR and putting Germany in the shipping address. Can that be done Also is it safe to use my SBI classic debit card or should I make a PayPal account Credit card is not an option.. [R]ediquette Sending crosscontinental gift via AliExpress: [removed]. This sub has transformed into antimodi sub most posts everyday congrats: [removed]. Banerji robbed of credit for Indus findings Times of India. Help for planning future. Im dealing with a careless father and a greedy amp dangerous b[r]other.: Hi long story short my brother is A grade asshole with solid links to political clout amp police force. Hes way older than me Im 22 hes 36. My father is a businessman. My brothers business only got setup last year till then he has been leeching all money of my fathers business and sold some of my fathers properties. He lives with us refuses to move out does not pay for electricity/milk/etc. He has been violent for past 4/5 years his actions include physical attack on me long abusing sessions to my father amp mother. He even kicked my mother once. Only reason I have not killed him till now is because Ive been trying to maintain my sanity. Ive had urges to do so along with bullets. Hes physically much stronger than me. I plan to do exercises and eat healthier so I can beat the shit out of him if some thing like that happens in coming years. Now his business is doing well he makes almost 5Lakhs every month in profit yet has eyes on my dads business and has asked my dad multiple times to let him run it. Im currently doing a tech job earning mere 3.5 Lakhs an year. My dad holds various properties on different names. Chacha also an asshole 1.5 Cr. Friends because of some SC/OBC issue around 68 Cr. Dads name Around 510 Cr. Moms name Around 2 Cr. Now I always was hardworking and imagined while growing up that my elder brother if wont be able to set up anything of his own I would let him take over dads business fully and settle in a job. But now that he earns twice as much as my dad I see no point of letting that asshole take away everything. My dad wont make a will because he feels hes immortal. 66 . Im concerned that once anything happens to my dad my brother would use force to take over all properties of my dad and leave me penniless. Yes hes such a sun of bitch. He owes me 5 Lakhs which I gave him over period of time and wont return a cent. His wife is bigger asshole than him. I wish to find ways to protect my share. Can someone help me /guide me deal with this issue Im not asking this to lawyers as of now because theres little they can do. Its more of a strategy war than a legal war. . Does anyone still have any hopes left for this country [P] [R]: The venerable judges of the most honourable Supreme Court finally gave a judgement regarding the linking of Aadhar with PAN. The judgement said if a citizen doesnt have an Aadhar card they neednt have the linking done. Sounds fair enough at least for those who didnt get into the Aadhar hold Just one day after this wise judgement the Central Board of Direct Taxes CBDT comes out with a clarification saying Ok if you dont have an Aadhar card were not going to cancel your PAN. But an Aadhar linking is must if you want to file your taxes/returns from July 1st 2017 OR to apply for a new PAN Of what use is your PAN if you cant file your taxes with it Just another Fk you from the Government to the Supreme Court When the Supreme Court [knowingly]https//shahlaw.wordpress.com/2017/06/10/onthepanaadhaarjudgement/ gives out such ambiguous verdicts and also does this after very cleverly asking the Government to get all SIMs linked with Aadhar within an year while sitting on the main Aadhar cases for almost 2 years and doing nothing does anyone really have any hopes for any institution in this country to do anything right if that goes against the GOIs stand Kudos to Modi and Shah for leaving the country to discuss the cows beef tensions at the border ... and in parallel getting their 1984 road paved without any roadblocks. How about explaining One IPC Section a day here on r/india : I will post a text about one IPC section everyday with simple explanation/illustration of its interpretation in laymans terms. Anyone else who studied Law can chip in with other posts or comments. I feel its very useful to raise awareness among laymen regarding our Laws. I can do the same for general legal concepts and jurisprudence. . Why we see women as a commodity And how we can change that : One day my friend brought his car and when we were about to go home one of our classmates asked us to drop her to the nearest metro. We were already 4 but we adjusted in between they were playing music but somehow a rapistmight be a big statement or say mard vali feeling came out and they played every rapist favourite song Honey Singhs volume 1 I think no introduction needed for that song. At that time I felt so helpless and couldnt do shit. I cant even imagine what was going through the mind of that poor girl. This is not the first instance as maal and saaman are some of the frequent words in their dictionary for girls. It is OK to talk about girls and sex but when your all talk end up into fuck her Randi hai vo vo dekh kya saaman jaa rha hai kancha maal. Then there might be some upbringing issues or some genuine mental problem. I wont be surprised if I hear one day their names in the rape case. This thing is not restricted to only in my friend circle almost every student in my class share same thoughts. Where everyone ask do you have a girlfriend Nahi hai to pata le maje le kar chodh diyo. Although saying rapist might be a big statement but the way they see women can easily be seen as a mirror for our whole mentally deprived society. Neither a government can do shit about that nor any kind of education because these are deep rooted thoughts. How we can improve that P.s please excuse my English.. [R]Which credit card should I apply for: i am a student and I am looking to get myself into Credit system to start building up my credit score. So for which should I apply Currently I have my account in HDFC AXIS SBI.. he is good at stand up comedy also.. Two CRPF Jawans playing with a local Kashmiri kid. The smile says it all.. Sadhguru Developing an Inclusive Consciousness Talks At Google. r/delhi is meeting up for the Annual Global Reddit Meetup 2017: For any of the casual lurkers who might belong to Delhi or are in Delhi on 17th of this month wed love to meet you for GRM17 If you guys are available [refer this r/delhi thread]https//np.reddit.com/r/delhi/comments/6gfp8e/annualglobalredditmeetup2017delhifinal/.. PSA The Indian Classical Music sub /r/icm will be doing a weekly monsoon raga thread.: [removed]. why does Indian Men are Rapists stereotype exists all over the world: [deleted]. A Northeast Indian Woman on Rampant Sexual Abuse in Big Cities. Entrepreneurs and businessmen of r/india tell us your story: How you got engaged in the respective field how you came up with the idea the hardships you went through what is the business doing now... It doesnt matter if the venture was successful or failed share it with us regardless Serious responses only guys.. Working two jobs in India do you do it: Do you work two jobs How much of your time is dedicated to each job I am asking because I am mechanical engineer with a relevant but not so great paying core job and I want to code too. A famous Bangalorean also said he works two jobs and is the reason for his happiness.. Working two jobs in India how common is it: [deleted]. India one of the lowest in gun deaths per year vs Guns owned. Instagram page supports militancy: The page We The Nagas on Instagram is a pretty awful place. It started out as a tourist site but now days its basically devolved into a propaganda mouthpiece for militants. The followers right now are mounring the death of a militants one who is believed to be responsible for the deaths of hundreds and who ran one of the biggest gun running operations in Asia supplying every terrorist militant revolutionary outfit this side of the continent. He was also widely believed to be a Chinese agent of chaos. This page We the Nagas is basically crying over his death. A man responsible for untold amounts of deaths of innocents. It sickens me to see this. The Christian supremacy scum that thrives on the page is evil. Rant over. Shower thoughtevery media is selling bullshit in india are you buying. Do I buy a car now on EMI or wait till Decembe[R] GST implications: I was planning on buying a Renault Kwid costing around 4.8 lacs. Im working at 50k per month salary and save around 2530k per month. Current balance is 50k. I was planning on buying the car with 80k downpayment and subsequent EMI. Apparently GST would scramble a lot of values pertaining to my purchase. Hence can anyone advise me whether to go for the car now or wait till GST arrives or should I just save until December and pay the whole amount as is. Skills to get hired as an entrylevel software developer: I am already working on my knowledge of Python via Hackerrank and a few books that I have. But I am OOTL as far as the Indian IT Industry is concerned. I wish to get a decent entrylevel job as a developer so what aspects do I have to work upon that will get me hired 1. Learn a new Programming language 2. Build something using No.1 and showcase it on Github 3. Any particular tools I need to learn If you can suggest something for Python that too would be great.. Recommend me some good Ghazals and Classic Music: [deleted]. Meet the Indian couple and their children about to set a new record as the worlds biggest ALBINO family. Why are farmers on strike What is your opinion on possible solution for the same: Broadly it seems overproduction lead to excess supply and low prices. Low prices low profits amidst increasing loan payments. Farmers demands include loan waiver post loan waiver by UP and calculation of MSP Minimum Selling Price at 50 above input costs. which apparently was [promised]http//www.firstpost.com/business/bjpmanifestocheckouttheirplansforagricultureandmanufacturingsectors1966351.html by bjp during elections gt The current disturbances in some districts of Madhya Pradesh and the rising momentum of agitational politics in other states like Maharashtra are however of a different nature. gt The fact is that farming has progressively become an unprofitable occupation on account of rising input costs on the one hand and the inability of governments on the other to pay a lucrative support price for agricultural produce. gtEvery year the authorities announce a set of MSPs Minimum Support Price for diverse agricultural commodities primarily to provide a bargaining chip to farmers while negotiating sale of their produce to private purchasers once official agencies have concluded their purchase. gt For years different governments have promised to implement the formula for calculating the MSP proposed by eminent agricultural scientist MS Swaminathan. His formula envisages a MSP that pays farmers 50 per cent more than the input cost which would leave a fair degree of profit with the farmer. But implementation of this formula will certainly push up the retail selling price of food grain and also increase the burden on the exchequer quite considerably. gt The loan waiver given to UP farmers by the Yogi Adityanath Government recently is being cited as the trigger factor for the agitation snowballing in Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra all states ruled by the BJP. [Source] http//www.ndtv.com/opinion/whythefarmerinmadhyapradeshmaharashtraissoangry1709655 Opinion by gtDr. Chandan Mitra is a journalist currently Editor of The Pioneer Group of Publications. He is also former BJP MP Rajya Sabha. 2. http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/mandsaurfarmersprotestmadhyapradeshonionprice/1/973378.html 3. https//www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/20170608/farmersprotestsescalateinindiaasextraforcesdeployed 4. http//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia40184788 Edit [Current MSP Rates]http//vikaspedia.in/agriculture/marketinformation/minimumsupportprice Any idea on the actual cost of production against these MSP rates . Serious talk on women nature.: [deleted]. [R] 97 girls are fine with marrying a guy younger to them Survey. [R][NP] history book about India that is accessible to high school senior: Hi everyone This is my first post on r/India. I moved to the United States when I was 5 and am about to graduate high school in a year. Before I graduate Id like to learn everything I can about the history of India from beginning to now. I feel like Ive lost touch with my heritage and culture i dont feel like I am Indian. I want to know about our countrys rich culture and history so I can be proud of who I am again. If you know of any history books that are quite broad and go in depth but are still accessible to a wellread high school student please comment below. Thank you And please let me know if this post is not appropriate. EDIT also what area of Indian history do you think I should start with Ancient British empire Independence Post independence Which era is your favorite. India has 1.3 Billion more people than sri lanka we still lose. Is this reflective of India in every aspect: [deleted]. Indian constitution committee and cow slaughter: Most people are not aware of various debates on variety of topics held during drafting of Indian Constitution . There are many interesting discussions on fundamental rights personal laws and cow slaughter. Creating this post on what members of Indian constitution committee thought about cow slaughter and why many members wanted ban on cow slaughter as fundamental rights. Rajendra Prasad First Indian President and president of the Constituent Assembly Supported ban on cow slaughter gtI have been flooded with postcards letters packets and telegrams making demand that cow slaughter should be stopped by legislation. The Hindu sentiment in favor of cow protection is old widespread and deepseated. The Hindu feeling on account of recent happenings is very much agitated and this movement is bound to gain strength more rapidly than we can imagine. Seth Govind Das Supported ban on cow slaughter Called for the prohibition of cow slaughter to be made part of the Constitutions chapter on fundamental rights on a par with the prohibition of untouchability . Pandit Thakur Dass Bhargava Supported ban on cow slaughter http//parliamentofindia.nic.in/ls/debates/vol7p12.htm Muhammed Saadulah Supported ban on cow slaughter but wanted clarity on the ban and reason for the ban gtThis is part of our religion. The cow should be protected from slaughter I know that the vast majority of the Hindu nation revere the cow as their goddess and therefore they cannot brook the idea of seeing it slaughtered. I am a Muslim as everyone knows. In my religious book the Holy Quran there is an injunction to the Muslims saying La Ikraba fid Din or there ought to be no compulsion in the name of religion. Most Muslim members wanted clarity on the ban and were not satisfied with keeping the ban in Directive principles article 48. One of the Debate on cow slaughter http//parliamentofindia.nic.in/ls/debates/vol7p12.htm You can see that many members of secular Congress party and Indian constitution committee wanted to ban cow slaughter . Putting ban on cow slaughter in Directive principles was a compromise similar to Muslim marriage law where constitution assembly put responsibility on future generations to resolve the issue. . people of r/india have you experienced violence today: [deleted]. Lifes a mess. Made a decision six years ago wonde[r]ing if its all worth it or not..: 2016 Graduate. Arts. Teachers pet and scholar. Loved what I studied bagged marks projects presentations. Skills learnt Zero. Nothing at all. No math no quants not even a single programming language. I feel like a fucking loser now r/India. I loved my college I loved my faculty I loved my classmates. Many of us are still in touch but I am nothing but a NEET now. I just feel useless worse humiliated. I spent all my time studying what I actually loved and its been a wreck looking for jobs now. I just dont know what to do or what to say to anyone anymore. Till last year I was a legit happy person now I am down the pit of self loathing. I have completely lost faith in myself I no longer do ANYTHING thats productive in any sense. Zero motivation ironic because it was No More Zero Days that charged me during college days. All these years learning what I truly loved and now I am fucking dharti pe boj. Tell that to parents they are like dont worry we got you covered but this NOTHINGNESS is killing me. Everyday. For what its worth I traveled got into fitness meditation and it did help but getting out the reality hit like the strongest stone. I stand nowhere. I didnt learn anything that would actually yield me a job. BA Yeah we arent going to pay to more than 10kpm. Even if I have no issues parents go no need to work for so low. Take a gap and do something else. I literally have no motivation to do anything else. At all. I am really trying very hard not to go down the spiral. I really dont understand how my classmates are so chill about it. I just cant stay at home and do nothing. I dont even know what I want. I dont know where I am heading to. I just want to keep myself occupied but I cant stick to one thing for more than 10 minutes. I tried so hard but I just dont do anything just sit and watch some stupid cat videos or read news. I dont want to be like this. I want to do something but post graduation and this NEETness i have just lost motivation. It feels like a betrayal. All these years all these marks just mean nothing at all. Just nothing. Arts. Nothing.. How hard is it to date random girls and have casual sex in India [R] [NSFW]: Ok So I have been trying hard to get some action Yes Im an adult and Im well aware that our lives arent just as sexually active as we see in American Sitcoms How I met your mother FRIENDS and others. So how has your love life been Please keep your long term relationship stories away from my post You can assume that I am doing a research on One night stands and random hookups in India Please be helpful and donate your life experiences with the us [R]. Is BPL Certificate available for orphans: [deleted]. This Is How India Has Improved Its 2016 Global Peace Index Ranking. My brother is going mad over sin and virtue which he attributes to reading Geeta and he is wasting away his life at the age of 24 doing nothing. Please help desperate times: It is in desperate times that I am seeking your help. My brother is going mad over sin and virtue which he attributes to reading Geeta and he is wasting away his life at the age of 24 doing nothing at all while shouting at himself the whole night. This is going to be a long story please bear with me. Starting with some background lower middle class family till 2006 I elder sister and my brother two years gap each all in different schools with my brother in 5th grade. We all tried to be best in school getting good grades with my brother being either first/second in his class. During this time father was suffering from cancer and passed away in 2007. I remember my brother saying this to my mom during mourning that where is your God now. Post 2007 not everything was a disaster we had some property in area we live in and were able to survive on that cutting our budgets hugely to save for education and future. My mom is a simple lady naive godfearing and godworshipping. She always told us to worship and read Geeta and stuff which sometimes my brother used to do and even me reading Ramayana at that time because mythology I assume is fascinating to every child. During these years and till 2010 my brothers grades are starting to going down and he is becoming more defiant and fighting with us. We thought to shift his school and even he wanted to shift so we shifted him to another branch of the same school which was supposedly better. Post 2010 and the school shift Brother is increasingly defiant horrible grades barely passed 12th class and got admission in open college. During this time we would talk to him tell him to study and focus and that it is his life to make or ruin. Also during his school time he would ask for money to be taken for lunch which we might have been able to afford but said that he should take the lunch which we also took but he refused and would not take the lunch also. He was home by 1pm lunch time so it was not a major concern. I on the other hand was in a good college and studying well including my sister who was doing CA. Now I will narrate all the problems Somewhere in 2013 his first college year he would never go to college my sister found him touching her inappropriately during the night twice and informed me and my mother. We rebuked him but did not beat because last time I and he got into a fight he punched a window tearing up his forearm muscle which would almost have cut his nerve. We told him that next time we would tell the police and shame him in public. This was not repeated. Again during then and till now all the usual argument would go on including me and my mother counselling him to study he never gave his second year exams but he would not. In the end we wanted to know the reason and started poking him for that and he gave up that this is all because of mom she made him read Gita and he would quote a line or two which in essence would mean lust greed giving with an expectation of something in return is all a sin and would lead one to hell. That where will we take all this money now mind you we have property and are getting enough rent to live well and save and I am earning decently He is now constantly in a bad mood he sees over the tenants which is a relief but refuses to do any work that could make the rent go up. Being in bad mood he would not listen to us we have had numerous discussions about how you can either live this material life or go become a saint. He is stuck in middle wanting to live a material life he wants a luxurious life as per him but being pulled back by all the thoughts that this would lead him to hell. He laughs loudly sometimes then he is angry watches video songs all the time and in the night while fully awake he shouts at himself this is what he says X lets say his name you have ruined your life X make up your mind X what are you doing with your life you are 24 years now X stop thinking about God and hell and study It seems he realizes that he is stuck and wants a way out. Also we have had constant discussions over God and hell but he listens and does nothing again. Somewhere a year back from now he would watch Mahabarta repeatedly and once said why no one is keeping their hands at the back like taking it at their back is it a sin I was shocked and explained that this is nothing but a coincidence. But he lingered over that point for four months and then finally gave up after numerous debates. Now my family is in ruins I stay outside home on weekdays for the job and go back on weekends. He does nothing except getting rent creates a mess at the home for which there is constant fight between him and my sister has mood swings doesnt want to see mother shouts at her insulting her thinks she is the cause of all his sufferings and talks loudly to himself at night. I am feeling quite helpless as he now says dont tell him anything like if I tell him this is wrong you should not do it as you are not God. I used to send him motivational videos and yesterday he said dont message him anymore. I am shocked at how life has turned out for us my mother keeps crying my sister is fed up and I am clueless as to what to do. TLDR my brother thinks if he pursues greed he will go to hell but is unable to give up. Constantly frustrated shouts at night at himself fights with all of us and is ruining his life. EDIT1 I have taken him to two psychologists one i think is reputed and she said if he is not open to change then nothing can be done and he is quite obstinate. I have given him numerous examples through the links that i share to start pursuing any hobby/reading/sports to deviate his mind but he is not willing to take any action. He says dont advise me. He has few friends he behaves decently in front of his friends as I have observed.. [R] Indira Gandhi the Environmentalist. [R] Rare photos of PM Narendra Modi in his youth. case in point why our research publications are highly dubious to reviewers eye: look at these two publications 1. https//www.irjet.net/archives/V3/i11/IRJETV3I11103.pdf 2. http//ijiset.com/vol3/v3s12/IJISETV3I1236.pdf. Anyone else think this whole cow protection thing is getting out of hand [P][R]: I cant be the only one seeing how overtly Hindu this country is becoming The antiromeo squads special new laws just to protect mother fucking cows of all things weird new judgements declaring rivers which have Hindu significance to be persons people being beaten up in colleges for saying whatever what the fuck is happening I mean the BJP is and has always been a Hindutva Nationalistic Party. Theyve never hidden that about themselves. So does this mean we live in a country where the masses simply dont give a shit Do people who voted for the BJP back in 2014 regret voting for them I wonder what the fuck happened to us.. Rajinikanth once said secret of his success was 30years of mediation. Here is list of all Grievance Portals of Different Sectors in India:  Grievance Portals of Different Sectors [Airlines]http//dgca.nic.in/kyrdgca/KYRportal.html [Banking]https//www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/Complaints.aspx [Broadband ampamp Internet]http//www.tccms.gov.in/ [Bureau of Indian Standards \BIS\]http//bis.org.in/other/onlineapplicationicare.asp [Drugs and Cosmetics]http//www.cdsco.nic.in/forms/SearchMore.aspxId33 DTH ampamp Cable Email To ibfibfindia.com DTH ampamp Cable Content Issues Email To ibfibfindia.com [Electricity Services]http//consumerhelpline.gov.in/diffrentgrevenceportals.php [Financial Services]http//financialservices.gov.in/grievancespsb.asp [Food and PDS Schemes]http//dfpd.nic.in/publicgrievancecell.htm [Food Safety Related \FSSAI\]https//foodlicensing.fssai.gov.in/cmsweb/ [Grievances Against Misleading Advertisements \GAMA\]http//gama.gov.in/Faq.aspx [Insurance]http//www.igms.irda.gov.in/ [Legal Metrology\]]http//164.100.158.12/consumer/sites/default/files/userfiles/controllers.doc [Non Banking Financial Company \NBFCs\]http//sachet.rbi.org.in/ [Pension Fund]http//cpao.nic.in/wrap.phpphtml/ContactUs.htm Petroleum [Petrol]http//consumerhelpline.gov.in/petrol.php [GAS \ LPG / PNG / CNG \]http//consumerhelpline.gov.in/gas.php [Standards]http//bis.org.in/other/onlineapplicationicare.asp [Telecom]http//www.tccms.gov.in/ [Weights and Measures]http//consumeraffairs.nic.in/forms/contentpage.aspxlid639 [Passport Seva grevience portal]http//www.passportindia.gov.in/AppOnlineProject/ccgm/callCenterOnlineGrievance [Income tax department Grievance \eNivaran\]https//incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in/eFiling/Services/GrievancePanHolderHomeAction.htmlID117517523 [UIDAI\AADHAR\ Grievance Redressal]https//uidai.gov.in/aboutuidai/grievancehandling.html [Election commission of India]http//ecicitizenservices.nic.in/default.aspx [Indian Post Complaint]http//ccc.cept.gov.in/complaintregistration.aspx [PF grievance portal]http//epfigms.gov.in/grievanceRegnFrm.aspxcsessionwXBLGDSrrCPamp You can also locate consumer forum by City wise and District wise [District List]http//ncdrc.nic.in/districtlist.html [State List]http//ncdrc.nic.in/statelist.html [CPGRAMS\Centralized Public Grievances Redress amp Monitoring System\]http//pgportal.gov.in/GrievanceNew.aspx Its a central government portal aimed at providing the citizens with a platform for redressal of their grievances. The complaints received on this platform are redressed by the ministry department or state concerned If nothing works you can try this Some Consumer helpline numbers [State Consumer Helpline numbers]http//consumeraffairs.nic.in/forms/contentpage.aspxlid612 [Insurance Ombudsmans offices]http//www.policyholder.gov.in/AddressesofOmbudsmen.aspx [Banking Ombudsmans offices]https//rbi.org.in/Scripts/AboutUsDisplay.aspxpgBankingOmbudsmen.htm Please feel free to add to this thread if you have any suggestions to this list. . Root cause of rapes: [deleted]. Agitated farmers torch 4 buses in Madhya Pradesh Times of India. [Serious]Vodafone tried to bribe me today to keep me on the network Unethically exploited their customer: So the other day back in March I got a message from Vodafone stating that some video service has been activated on my number hence deducting Rs.35/ for the same. I quickly replied STOP to the mentioned number and the service got deactivated. A few days later I again got a message from Vodafone with the same prompt only this time it was a Hellotune I again got it deactivated immediately. Fast forward to the present day I went to pay my bills at Vodafone centre after which I went to JIO for MNP. Because of course they have impressive offers. Minutes later i start getting calls from Vodafone asking why Im porting out. I got calls from 6 different executives/call centres and told them all the same thing. Now one of them said that they understand I was charged wrongly for the Value Added Services and they are willing to reverse the amount of Rs. 98/ that I paid unnecessarily. BUT heres the catch Ill have to stay on Vodafone and not port out to JIO to avail this offer. I will be reimbursed only after I decide to stay on Vodafone. This got me upset because a customer should be reimbursed for wrongful deduction and they were trying to bribe me to stay which is a very unethical practice. I started to argue with her and she realised that she screwed up she said theyll call me back later due to some unavoidable error from server side which is bothering the call at the moment I again got a call and this time the another lady acknowledged the wrongful deduction and said theyll reverse the amount. After which she asked me to stay on Vodafone. This is completely unethical and wrong for a company to do this to their customers I should be reimbursed regardless of my choice to port out. What step should I take now Its not about 98rs. I paid a bill of 1496/ so why would i fight for such an amount Its about unethically exploiting your customers.. What do you think randia is our universe a simulation: Ive been hearing about this a lot from past few years but today i was listening to [Hello Internet episode 83]http//www.hellointernet.fm/ and near the end they too mentioned it again. So I thought why not have a discussion on it here my favourite corner of Internet. So theres a scientific theory going around that the world we live in is not a real world but is infact a computer simulation. Just think for a moment we are advancing our computers exponentially day by day. And our video games are reaching level of realism year by year. So one day time will come that well be able to simulate the universe just as it is. First intro I got to this theory was from [Elon Musk]https//www.youtube.com/watchvGZgBcRhGPqs and its also explained here by [vox]https//www.youtube.com/watchvJ0KHiiTtt4w in a short video. So if we here on earth would be capable of creating these simulations in a few thousand years whats to say that were not already in a simulation Thats right you heard it correct. In our universe right now we have enough resources to run billions of such simulations so only 1 in a billion such civilizations who attain intelligence would be real. And that implies the probability of us being real is 1 in billions. And this is not just a talk thats going around that we are infact living in a computer simulation rather than a real world people have actually wrote serious scientific papers on it. Heres one of them explaining it [himself]https//www.google.com/searchqnickbostromsimulationargumentampoqnickbostromsimulationargumentampaqschrome..69i57j0l5.5955j0j4ampsourceidchromeampieUTF8 and heres his [research paper]http//www.simulationargument.com/ on it. Even on microsoft financial analyst wrote on [this]http//www.mcafee.cc/Bin/Simulation.html stating the arguments that Elon Musk may missed out while proposing his simulation theory. But thats not all not everybody believes in this simulation argument there are people who are on opposing end of spectrum too like this person [here]https//www.youtube.com/watchv6kpyT4wOMgk. So where do you stand in this argument randia For the people reading it first time please post your reaction it would be nice to read them as well. And for the person who have been following this theory for a long time please share some material on this theory which I might not have mentioned here. I really want to know more and more about this. I am also interested knowing in how the above theory mixes with Indian philosophy that Sab moh maya hai Nothing is real types. Did our rishis new about this I think Indians are the only ones who have been saying since ancient ages with confidence that our world is not real. How this all new aged argument mixes with our ancient arguments of our rishis Do you have any theories where you can relate Indian philosophy and this new simulation argument If our universe is not real could those other karma moksha types things be also true. After GangRape Gurgaon Woman Travelled To Hospital On Metro Holding Dead Baby. Regarding beef ban then why not chicken ban or something else according to Hinduism: As written in wikipedia Most Hindus respect the cow for her gentle nature. This represents the main teaching of Hinduism which is do no harm to an animal ahimsa. source https//simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sacredcow So argument in beef ban is that in Hindus cows are deeply respected and Hinduism says ahimsa which is do no harm to an anima then why not anyone is saying chicken ban or goat ban or pork ban. After all people in support of beaf ban support hinduism. Any thoughts on this .  [R]: [removed]. RIndia let us talk about Farmer Suicides Loan Waivers and Politics: This [NCRB Data] http//ncrb.nic.in/StatPublications/ADSI/ADSI2015/table2A.1.pdf for 20142015 talks about suicides in farming sector. States with highest incidence of suicide 2015 data in decreasing order Maharashtra Telangana Madhya Pradesh Chattisgarh Karnataka. Issues at hand With UP and Maharashtra governments announcing farm loan waivers to the tune of 30K and more Crore what does it mean for the other states and their farm workers Do our states have the budgets to repeat this exercise every few years considering loan waivers are becoming a poll promise What incentive do tax payers have to repay their own loans or foot the bill for loan waivers considering the farm loans are being waived off and now with banks and sectors like telecom collecting bad debt even corporate loans are going off the bank balance sheet albeit banks will chase them but recovery rates are low What does this mean for the parties in other states which lead in farmer suicides their poll promises 3 of these top 5 states have BJP governments 1 is INC and 1 is TRS Are loan waivers the solution to systemic issues in farming sector and are even parties who run the state for long time addressing the core issues 2 of the states MP and Chattisgarh have had the same incumbent parties for 10 year Karnataka BJP to INC and Maharashtra INC to BJP had change of guard in last 5 years Telangana has a new state status. . [R] [Career Advice] R/India need your opinions.: Im at a stage where Im clueless about my future. I see the following options as far as my career is concerned 1. Masters in USA/Canada 2. ME/M.Tech 3. MBA in Marketing 4. Govt. Jobs through SSCCGL I have a Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering and Im a GET in a local private firm. Im going crazy day by day thinking about my career. Its ridiculous that a 23 yr old guy cant make a decision about what he wants to do with his life. My academics also arent that good. I took the GRE and scored 310 which is again an average score. Primarily I wish to pursue MS but the recent H1B issues also make me think twice about my decision of pursuing of MS. I have a rough idea of MBA in Mktg. and I think I can be good at it but hey I might be wrong. Also the sheer number of MBA students graduating every year also makes me want to not pursue MBA. Govt jobs are very hard to come by since I fall under the Unreserved category so the cutoff will be unusually high for Open category so it might take a year or two to atleast crack the exam. TLDR B.E. Mech guy wanting to know about career options MS ME/M.Tech MBA in Marketing Govt job through SSC CGL. Why Kashmiris want freedom from India . 28 Peace cannot possibly exist on this earth if there are nationalities KRISHNAMURTI at UN. Help Physiotherapists and Orthopedics of /r/india... am I being scammed: [deleted]. Can someone do an ELI5 on GST: Like an actual Explain Like Im 5 as to how GST will impact me as an employee employer parent student supermarket hopper restaurant hopper traveler tax payer domestic and international online shopper etc..... [R] What happened to samacharbot: I just realized over past few weeks samacharbot seems to be inactive. Awkwardmod has taken its place but rarely appears. Can the developer of this bot be tagged . The death of an IIT scholar reveals the struggle of ambitious women in India. India Has Worlds Highest Number Of Stunted Children Child Workers: [deleted]. ELI5 what is civil society in India and how does one become member of it: why is it called civil society are rest of the people in uncivil society. [AMA Announcement] Satish Acharya Cartoonist June 7th at 6pm: Bio gtSatish Acharya Kannada is an Indian cartoonist from Kundapura Karnataka. In 2015 Acharya was featured as one among 24 thinkers named by Forbes India as the best Indiabased intellectuals who are well regarded outside India. Verification https//twitter.com/satishacharya/status/871747460493869058 Date June 7th Time 6 pm IST Note This is an announcement thread ONLY. The actual AMA will be posted by our guest few minutes before the AMA. Please post all your questions on that thread. Questions posted here will most likely not be seen or answered by our guest.. [R] does having a caste name as surname is right or wrong for future of india: recently i seen a debate on a tv [show]https//www.youtube.com/watchvTfH1lxfAPHY about this randians of this sub whats your say on this. will this be have any impact on our goal towards progressive society . An immaculate conception A day in the life of Garbh Vigyan Sanskar clinic. Advice regarding tests like eLitmus and AMCAT: Hello r/india I have been job hunting unsuccessfully for some time on online platforms like Naukri and Monster India. I have two recruitment exams of BEL and NIELIT coming up in next months. I have also been searching for other job opportunities for freshers like me I passed out in 2016 but didnt take a job plus neglected building specific skills and now I am struggling for a job. Also in complete neglect I skipped two interviews and missed one. I am confused and not able to focus on what I should do either specialize in some tech or focus on FreeCodeCampI had thought of this earlier or in Python and some web frameworks or Programming I plan to again prepare for GATE while taking a entrylevel job. So recently while searching for recruitment posts on websites I came across eLitmus and AMCAT exams which are used by companies to shortlist candidates for personal interviews. I want to inquire if these exams are really worth it. Any details regarding the exam and its pattern and your personal experience will be very much appreciated.. The UAE Saudi Arabia Egypt and Bahrain have ceased diplomatic relations with Qatar. What will the impact on the Indian citizens who live there be Will any cold war in the Gulf impact our economy badly: https//www.washingtonpost.com/world/middleeast/thelatestsaudiarabiacutsdiplomatictiestoqatar/2017/06/04/c99376fe499b11e7987c42ab5745db2estory.html http//abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/bahraincutsdiplomatictiesqatargulfriftdeepens47833417 Now Qatar is one of our largest trading partners but smaller than the UAE and Saudi Arabia. [About 10 lakh Indians]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/NonresidentIndianandpersonofIndianorigin live in Qatar. Without road connectivity to Saudi Arabia Indian citizens are entirely dependent on Qatari facilities to leave if a conflict were to break out. What do you think the Indian government should do in this tense situation . Indians keep sights on engineering despite threat to H1B visa: [deleted]. ELI5 Apart from common apathy or funding what are the things that have stood in the way of present or past governments in cleaning our rivers. Karan Johar In Conversation with Sadhguru Live from Mumbai June 4 2017. Moral Policing being done by Banglore City Police at PVR Cinemas [Video]: [deleted]. i may sound weird but government should ban those protestors who are destroying basic resources for their political protests: recently this trolls throw milk on the water we see every year these type of trolls throw tomotos or potatos on the road to spread their psychological Intermittent explosive disorder. i have to conclusion 1 this people are throwing only those food products on the roads which are actually damagedold and unhealthyrejected by the buyers. 2this people are actual trolls. . Seriously What can i do my little things for helping fight Climate Change: What can everybody individually do for fighting Climate change i know India would be worst effected country due to Climate change.. India needs more awareness on mental disorders.: I recently got diagnosed with ADHD and I am 25 yrs old. All this time I was struggling in my life thinking that I was not capable enough to do things which others do so easily. I have been suffering from social anxiety and depression alongside ADHD thinking that it was just my nature to be like this. I lost all my confidence due to this. If my ADHD would have been diagnosed earlier it would have been so much better for me. But whom should I blame People here dont even know what ADHD is how are they supposed to notice the symptoms of ADHD in me. I just wish my parents knew about ADHD or social anxiety and instead of attributing all the symptoms to just being my nature they would have helped me with it and I wouldnt be in this hell I am in right now due to undiagnosed ADHD. edit spellings edit Feel free to pm if you want to ask/share anything . I would love that.. Sacrifice Self respect or Cricket A message from Maj Dr Surendra Poonia VSM: [deleted]. Why students who passed JEE Mains failed in Bihars Board exams : [deleted]. Popular Yogis of India. Announcing r/italy cultural exchange on Saturday June 10 2017: Greetings We are having a cultural exchange with r/italy on Saturday June 10 2017 starting from 1130 AM IST Heres how a cultural exchange works The moderators of /r/india will make a post on /r/india welcoming our guests from Italy and they may participate and ask any question or observation as they see fit. There will be an equivalent thread made by the moderators over at /r/italy where you are encouraged to participate and know more about Italian culture. It goes without saying that you must respect the rules of the subreddit you are participating in. We hope this turns out to be a genuinely fun experience for all of us . Analysis of Narendra Modis Twitter followers. Where is the outrage over the killing of the erickshaw driver who opposed public urination. I will give up food if I am jailed Asaram Bapu [27 Aug 2013]. [R] Native Indians why do you dislike NRIs so much: From personal observation there is a distinct label that is applied to any person who is an Indian national but lives abroad Indian national who lived abroad and then returned to India Person of Indian Origin nonIndian citizen but parents are living abroad PIO who return to India Why does this label have to be a bad thing. Why does Randia throttle the number of comments a user can make Im throttled at like 1 every 10 minutes unless its my own post.: [removed]. [Old] Why Jains oppose ban on use of peacock feathers. [Serious] What are some realworld problems that entrepreneurs and scientists should focus on solving in India: I see a lot of people bashing these consumer related startups who are not solving an actual problem but just milking money off of people by providing them convenience. not that theres anything wrong per se but [it does get a little overboard sometimes.]https//www.doodhwala.com So r/india what are some problems which need to be solved in the country Example garbage collection and disposal.. [NP] In a symbolic gesture Kerala temple hosts Iftar party for 400 Muslims. ELI5 Sharia Law in West Bengal. Does it exist or is it fake news Is Mamata bending over to accommodate hardliners or is that fake antiMamata rhetoric Fact based news sources would be greatly appreciated. Wondering if NYT will have a similar cartoon for USA. Kerala scores again with project to bring transgender dropouts back to school. My children have no default religion 2 Kerala leaders refuse to fill in column in school form. [Serious] Doctors of /r/India. What are some liquid food containing good nutrient: Hi Recently I have been advised by the doctors to stay on a liquid diet after a minor surgery on my lips. I have stitches on my lips so Im only able to consume liquid through a straw with great difficulty. Ive been taking milk juice glucose etc through the straw. But I do not feel any energy throughout the day. Before taking medicines I dissolve some biscuits in the milk and consume it through a straw. So not much nutrient for me there. I must admit that Im a student thus I cant spend exorbitant amount on fancy liquid food. So what options do I have if Ive to survive on liquid food for the next few days. Can liquid food be the substitute for solid food And how many times a day do I need to take liquid food so as to bring it on par with solid food in terms of nutrient and energy. Please suggest some liquid food which can be easily taken through a straw and has rich nutritional content. Edit I cant eat spicy foods. So please suggest accordingly. Thanks. . Rape starts a relationship: Okay so this is a serious topic that needs to be discussed. Im a high desensitised person so matter of rape used to be a joke to me cause I assumed that anyone who would ever dare commit such a act would be dealt with. However I have noticed a common trend in colleges in India. Im speaking as an NRIs perspective and these are stories that have been told through multiple sources so they might not be a clear account of what exactly happened but even if a percentage of this is true this needs to be stopped. So the other day this close friend of mine asked me if I remembered girl X from college. I didnt really know her that well but X was pretty well known and she always seemed like a decent girl. Then I was asked if I knew that she was dating. Slightly detached from the social scene due to various reasons I didnt have any knowledge. Thats when I was told that said girl X and her current boyfriend Y are only in a relationship cause Y had apparently rapped her after a certain drunk encounter which lead the girl X to start developing feelings for him. I would have been highly scandalised by this fact except that this is the 5th story of such a relationship that Im hearing this yeah. I would hope that no one I even remotely possible know would have to face a dire situation such as rape but here Im being told that not only has the rape been covered up but the rapist has also gotten away with the girls heart. Like all I can think of is what has India come too. Here we are talking about progressing into the future and to help lead India to a brighter future while the youth goes into the dark ages with the concept that if he raped you he must start dating you. I would sincerely like to hear anyone account of such a situation and is there any way I can help the couple X and Y come to their senses. Rape isnt something to be taken lightly there is no excuse which will ever justify rape ever. . Proof that Modiji is a celibate: [deleted]. [R] IITMadras beef row Extreme RightLeft divide leaves no room for dialogue IITs silence makes things worse. SeriousIs DU a nice place for science and [r]esearch: I know IISc exists but their undergraduate program has so less seats that getting in it is a nightmare. So with a plan going full time in academia and research in mathematical physics is DU a suitable place With all the crap you hear about them on the news and the recent post on randia too I am scared. I know getting a regular btechfron the engineering colleges is an option but it wont help something who plans of getting into academia. I really need some help because times running out now and I trust the unabashed answers of randia more than that of Quora.. Meet Man who just farming Aloevera to earning crores after left his govt.Job. [R] Biggest issue with the news in India. Please comment below.. Visiting Odisha: Im planning to Odisha in August 1 week will be there for 6 days. What all the places that I should visit and where to stay . [Serious][AskIndia] How do I know if an FIR or police complaint has been lodged against me.: [deleted]. Maneka Gandhi amp Animal Rights Activism is she for [R]eal or is it just an image: Maneka Gandhi has been the face of animal rights and welfare for the last few decades. I remember her show Head and Tails as well. But has she really bettered the cause of animal welfare in this country or has it all been a carefully structured PR exercise in image building If she has worked for real are those efforts showing on the ground People in the know please to be elucidating. . Need an explanation: So I live in an apartments building. Some Indian guy left for India and then hes going to Canada. But before he left he put a black bag on top of a small palm in front of the building and did some religious gesture both hands extended and together infron of his face and some other stuff I want to know what is in the bag What kind of tradition is this Should I call the FBI Naww that was a joke. Kashmiri man from remote village stands 10th in UPSC. The IAF officially announces the tragic news. The 2 pilots in the Su30 couldnt eject. RIP Sqn Ldr Pankaj amp Flt Lt Achudev.. i want to send money to UK for maintenance whats the cheapest way to do it [Serious]: Hi there Western Union has an easy online facility when trying to receive money from abroad where people can do a bank to bank transfer. But the reserve is not quite true whats the cheapest and the fastest way to send money abroad for maintenance purposes. . Pehle Vikas Fir Mandir: Was watching News18 coverage on the whole YogiAyodhya thing and a reporter was asking a typical crowd in Ayodhya how happy they were with the decision. A guy was answering when someone shouted pehle vikas fir mandir and everyone started shouting it. Nice to see. Translation First development then the temple.. Inside Gaysi the blog transforming Indias queer scene. [NP] STD Testing Centres Mumbai: Hi guys mem and my girlfriend want to get tested for major STDs like HIV HPV Chlamydia etc. We dont know anyone in the city and all online tests seem costly to us4000 on Google searching. Is there anywhere to test for a lower price I have been tested before outside Mumbai and it was nearly 2000 only. I definitely cant take her with me to my hometown to get tested. Her hometown is too small and her family would definitely be scandalised if they found out there. Does anyone know some place they can email results too Any area in between Andheri and Mahim works.. Arnab vs Arnab Youll Love This Debate. Help I have got money time but no di[r]ection in life. Need guidance motivation and honest answers.: le Me 2016 Graduate BA getting done with MA part I which was basically the same stuff but now with an M next to it. I am a spoiled child. Parents supported my passion yeah fucking studious at Uni turns out there isnt any productive skill that I am learning which will help me in the long term. Friends are in the same boat nothing new there. However its eating my brains now. I have been a NEET basically and I want to do something thats challenging and just as rewarding in the long term but.. I dont know where do I begin. I dont need a 1.6lpm job my parents have strongly opposed pursuing anything part time. I knew about Udemy Code Academy Coursera. I did complete a course of my interest from Coursera it was brilliant although its just a piece of paper now. I have had interest for arts languages but I want to learn something thats in trend something that would help me generate some money something that will keep me in the loop. Its not like I am rich but my parents have always been supportive but they dont know much both of them in Banking sector. I am not really an CSE aspirant I have been a book learner all these years and I dont want to go through the CSE prep. I am going through Udemy courses as they are for 10 now. I learnt Origami and Ikebana watching videos these are my hobbies. I like cycling I try to avoid staying just at home but now I want to do something productive. Where to next. Are the videos floating over Whatsapp of plastic rice true: Have been receiving lot of them over the last week. One of them shows a machine with Chinese probably cant differentiate between Ch/Kor/Jap characters printed converting sheets of plastic into tiny pieces that look like rice grains. Video was your standard 240p whatsapp quality. Do any of you have encountered such stuff. What does this sub think about this.: [deleted]. Question for Restaurant owners. [SERIOUS]: Recently a friend of mine offered to open up a restaurant on partnership with me. Now I have zero experience in restaurant business or any business for that matter. In terms of investment its fifty fifty. So how does partnership work in businesses like this How do you control leakage Like cash being siphoned off considering the fact you are dependent on cash and moral integrity of the cashier. What is the responsibility of your partner What is your responsibility . My thoughts on Dravidanadu nonsense.: [deleted]. What or Who can make a better opposition in 2019 and beyond: I feel really really sad for my country my place. I am not much of a nationalist but I feel really shitty thinking about the shape my country is taking on a mass level and what it could become and how these changes will shape the next generation. There is no semblance of control I feel or my people feel over what is going in this place over the government they elected over the decisions that government is taking. Modi is basically running an autocratic government because of absence of any credible opposition leader and party. Opposition is supposed to be the one which keeps the running government in check. What or Who do you think can make a better opposition in 2019 and beyond What can an ordinary citizen do to ensure that that opposition do gain enough relevance in the next two years. My friend needs help for a Valentines day gift to her boyfriend. Story in the comments.. Looking for a paid digital/social media analytics intern in Bangalore: This will be a 23 month paid internship 2025k pm starting as soon as possible hopefully by 1st June. Some experience in using social media analytics tools would be great. Please PM with a link to your resume if interested.. The Ministry of Utmost Happiness by Arundhati Roy review all too obvious. Saree For Wedding Wear. Delhi Man beaten to death for objecting to youths urinating in public. How do you manage to book tickets on train specially in Tatkal quota Frustrated coz old parents are unable to travel help [R]: Family is unable to return home since we couldnt get any tickets from the past 2 days. Unable to obtain a seat through tatkal ourselves we even tried an agent but without success. The journey is long gt 1000 Km and parents are old hence bus is ruled out. Also they do not have any personal vehicle at their current location hence cant drive back either. There is a daily train that runs to the destination. Have even tried looking for connections from Mumbai since there are 15 trains to CSTM but none of them have any seat available. This is getting very frustrating the railway website is notoriously slow at 10am and by the time we fill out passenger names and proceed for payment / redirect after paying the seats run out. Does anyone have any useful tip that could help quicken the process of booking tatkal seats How do you even book seats Appreciate any kind of help. UPDATE Thanks to you all I managed to book confirmed seats special thanks to u/mathurawai and u/pmmepmmeurjokes for the links. [Serious] So I saw this SMS while checking my messages. What do I write in my feedback: [deleted]. On behalf of Menstrual Hygiene Day these women break down the options available for women and list out the pros and cons. A must watch for both men and women.. Hyderabad man gives triple talaq after selling wife to sheikh. Let us talk about Indias overpopulation: From time to time I see posts on this sub talking about how India has a problem with overpopulation. People also give suggestions on how to solve it. However no one has an explanation of how and why overpopulation is a problem in the first place. A few examples The population of India was 361088090 as per the 1951 census. By the time of the 2011 census it had increased to 1210854977. However the literacy rate in 1951 was 18.33 percent. This had increased to 74.04 percent by 2011. Similarly life expectancy was about 41.2 years in 1951 and by 2011 it had increased to 66 years. Again in 1961 the infant mortality rate was estimated to be 165 per 1000 but by 2011 it was down to 44.4 Whatever criteria you look at India has improved. And yet the population has almost quadrupled. So could some one please explain how overpopulation is a problem I am sure it is but I dont think Im smart enough to figure it out.. [R]ailway Strike: This post is regarding http//indianexpress.com/article/india/odishagaurakshaksstoptransportof20cows4672553/ I work at the Indian Railways. NFR zone. Long time lurker. Throwaway. Even though I have a desk job all I can tell you is that I can find the same info as you can find by doing a google search. But I have reach so I can actually say where the train is in real time instead of websites estimating. Also I can check the tatkal by looking at your ticket number or other smaller things like that but what I cannot do is know what is coming in a good trainwhich wagon has what how many or what are the contents. Even the driver of a train has no clue most of the time what he is carrying. Between wagons of potato and onion there could be a nuclear bomb. So trust me when i tel you this no way some gaurakshaks can know what train and which wagon has the cows unless it is leaked from above or is publicly acknowledged... Above as in way above my pay grade. On top of that almost all railway stations even in small villages have some sort of railway police stationed. Bhubaneswar Railway Station not having any railway police at all I will never buy that nor will our community. It is mandatory to have at least one railway police in all the platforms. And if that wasnt all they beat up our own people and paraded them for photographs all the while being inside the railway station in view of CCTV cameras. Everything about it is planned and done for some political agenda. What our union will not have of is injustice. There is already talks of strike in my work circle regardless what fat man in suit or khaki say but when railway union hold strike country will halt. Thank you. . Please Help me get a handle on my anger issues.: [deleted]. [R] Bangalore people what are you doing in the rain right now: [deleted]. Petition to make the mod logs of /r/India public: [removed]. What is [R]andias opinion of Mirror Now and the visibly left of centre stance they have taken Is this the Times group trying to balance out the sheer jingoism they are peddling as news on Times Now Or is this Faye DSouzas crusade Opinions guys.. Am Doing a Survey on GMO Opinions. Really Interested in You Guys Input.. Does anyone need a Fcode to buy the Redmi 4 : [deleted]. When Taiwan can ban dog and cat meat why cant India ban beef: [removed]. How to be active whole day between 9 to 6 [r]: I run my own IT startup/company. The problem I face is I feel inactive between 11 to 4. 9 to 11 I feel good and then 1101 to 4 is my 0 energy time. I feel I am totally exhausted and feel totally sleep in that time period. And then after 4 I like I am super energetic. what i can do to be active and feel non sleepy between 11 to 4 Thanks.. Former Punjab DGP KPS Gill dies. He was suffering from End Stage Kidney Failure and significant Ischemic Heart Disease and had been recovering from Peritonitis.. Bhangarh Fort. CAs and CA aspirants of r/india how is a person with a high marks but also a lot of attempts 45 in IPCC is perceived by CA firms for articleship: [deleted]. Aadhaar card is apparently now mandatory for phone services.: [removed]. Girls of /India what do you like about Indian men [NP] [R]: [deleted]. AMA Announcement Indian Ocean May 28th Sunday 5 PM IST.: Hello /r/India Hope you guys are enjoying the AMAs we have been organizing. We have another one lined up for you. This time it is Indian Ocean As usual details below. About Indian Ocean Indian Ocean is an Indian rock band formed in New Delhi in 1990 who are widely recognized as the pioneers of the fusion rock genre in India. Susmit Sen Asheem Chakravarty Rahul Ram and Amit Kilam were band members till Chakravartys death on 25 December 2009 after which Tuheen Chakravorty and Himanshu Joshi were officially inducted into the band as replacements. After the departure of Susmit Sen in 2013 Rahul Ram is the only founding member who appeared on the bands debut album Indian Ocean. Sanjeev Sharma has collaborated with them as lyricist on many Albums. The musical style of the band can be at best classified as jazz fusion and fusion music. It is an experimental genre fusing raga traditional Indian tunes with rock music guitars and drums sometimes using Indian folk songs. It has also been described by some music critics as Indorock fusion with jazzspiced rhythms that integrates shlokas sufism environmentalism mythology and revolution. Since 2010 the band has moved against the lines of record labels. They released their latest album 16/330 Khajoor Road online for free. The main reason for this move was the frustration over negotiating contracts with record companies and fighting over copyright issues. They have turned to concerts and sponsorships for generating revenue rather than playing in the hands of record labels. For a brief amount of time they had the sponsorship of Johnnie Walker. They are also a part of the worlds first Music Personalisation Initiative named DRP as one of the five Featured Artists. In its 2014 listing of 25 Greatest Indian Rock Songs of the last 25 Years Rolling Stone India featured two songs Ma Rewa and Kandisa from the album Kandisa 2000. Lifted from Wiki. Read more https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IndianOceanband Date amp Time May 28th Sunday 5 PM IST. Verification [Rahul Ram]https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DAwYk5DVYAAulVm.jpg [Nikhil Rao]https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DAwYmOaU0AADxcd.jpg P.S. More AMAs in the pipeline. Details will be revealed soonTM. What should be our National security doctrine: I want this to be an all encompassing debate about the Pakistan Threat China Threat Insurgencies Vested interests of the above Subversive foreign religious money Internal bad politicians Regional supremacy. India at 154 behind Bdesh Nepal China on health care index. Indias dismal record in healthcare. A new research by Lancet shows India ranks 154 out of 195 countries in terms of access to healthcare which is worse than Bangladesh Nepal Ghana and Liberia. Anyone tried meetup [NP] [SERIOUS]: Has anyone tried meetup Which city do you think has the best crowd for it How was your experience in Mumbai . Why is religious conversions wrong: Is there a rat race for which religion has the most followers. Pakistan Uses Terrorists as Reserve Force Against India US Defense Intel Chief Vincent Stewart. Does anyone have firsthand experience in filing a Cyber crime complaint in India:  Whom did you contact What was the nature of complaint What was the resolution Can you complain against online abuse to cybercrime cell . r/India you may remember ICICI guy who lost 7.1k to a freak ATM incident. The bank has refunded me along with an extra 1k. : For those who dont know this was the last post I made https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6bn1jy/rindiaineedyourhelplost71kduetoafailed/ I went through all the suggestions and honestly there were so many I was and am still overwhelmed. I spent the week working out which ones are plausible in which order and how to go about them. Even though I had considered that the money was not going to come back I had to try. Unexpectedly yesterday I received an SMS on my phone saying that the claim has been accepted and transaction reversed along with an extra 1k for the trouble. Guess its not that bad a bank afterall. I just wanted to thank everyone who posted helpful suggestions on that thread. I dont think Ill ever withdraw more than 1k from an ATM ever again. . For the love of gods please do not use the Entertainment flair for submissions that are of political nature. Entertainment flair should be used in nonpolitical contexts only. Political satires and political stories you find entertaining must be flaired Politics.: Read the title.. At 1.32 billion India population may have overtaken China: [deleted]. At 1.32 billion India population may have overtaken China: [deleted]. At 1.32 billion Indias population may have overtaken Chinas: [deleted]. For all the chestthumping India cant win a war against Pakistan The Express Tribune. So India is most populated country. now can we stop having babies: [removed]. So India is most populated country. now can we stop: [deleted]. so India is most populated country. now can we stop: [deleted]. [R] What does free speech mean to you. [R] Pet owners of India share pics details about your pets : Also those looking to have pets in future ask questions here . [R] Shehla Rashids official statement on Abhijeet issue. so India is most populated country. now can we stop: [deleted]. What is the theme uniting India What are parallels between EU and India: LateNightThoughts Historically only thing uniting India were 1. Nationalist movement based on hatred of British Raj Mostly after Gandhi which no longer exists. 2. General Hindu Culture Although not unique throughout India nowadays nationalist movement. This looks mostly like European Union which has in general Christian culture throughout. So I think in India states are like countries in EU having main theme of language as formation. Having said that shouldnt states have more autonomy maybe like JampK to rule themselves like countries and India being a body like EU What are similarities and differences between EU and India What are the pros and cons. [R] Has anyone here tried a ketogenic diet If yes how easy is it to follow the diet: Ive been looking at /r/keto for a while and like the idea of keto. But most of the suggestions and recipes shared there are US based. Is it possible to follow a proper keto diet in India And how have people around you responded to you following the diet. This ladies and gentlemen is the account our Prime Minister and Home Minister follow on twitter: [deleted]. Which is the best toothpaste in India: [removed]. Am I doing this right. Exclusive How CBSE ISC Cheated You by Moderating Marks Unfairly: [deleted]. [R] Cheapest place to purchase DRM free music online: Where is the cheapest place for English music. Family in financial mess without any savings left. Need advice.: So my dad is a civil engineer in a certain construction company. He is kind of guy who would mind his business and finish the allotted job. The company had kept his four months salary pending. We hardly have 40k in savings left. Today it is learned that the income tax has sealed the companys accounts and the owner is reported to be missing. So here is my first question 1\. Will he ever be able to get his 4months due back With a salary of 40k pm its 1.6lacs the glorious randia number albeit not monthly but 1.6lpqwhen I am in mess like this lame jokes is only thing I can think of. From what I understand income tax would sell off everything to recover the tax due and maybe he will never receive his 4months salary and we would have to some how manage in 40k for coming days. But is there any hope of him getting salary I dont think the companys work was well documented or organized to prove he has salary due except for records in accounts department if any. There was no official joining letter or somethingthats how most of the construction companies are 2\. My colleges new session is beginning from the next month and I have to pay around 90k for fee. Obviously I can not afford that I dont even have 90k or even half of that in savings. Besides that we have expense of 5k6k pm for rent and then there are other expenses. In the worst case I will have to take a drop and finish my course from distance mode and repeat a year. We have a LIC Jeevan Saral policy for which we have paid only 4 years of premium. Should we surrender it prematurely We also have a Postal life insurance with 3lacs worth of premium paid till dateand 1lac of loan for my fee taken against the same policy Should we surrender that too if we surrender these two we dont have anything else no investment no property no vehicle or anything. Is it good idea to do this 3\. Any other tips you may want to give if someone has connection with any construction company dealing with road highway canal flyover kind of projects then PLEASE help me I shall forward cv of my father. He has around 25 years of experience and I have no idea why we are stuck at a salary of 40k pm with that experience Perhaps because he is reluctant and too honest for his own good. pls2halp. . Dear [R]andia my family is in financial mess. Need your advice.: [removed]. Why these two violence advocating users are not suspended by Twitter. Subramanian Swamy on Twitter Yesterday in my conference with legal eagles it was decided to prosecute Rotten Tata on 2G file PILs on GSTN and on Sunanda murder case.: [deleted]. [R] I have recently moved to a very posh organisation and I dont know how to deal with my super rich colleagues.:  I recently moved from a small domestic organisation to a relatively large multinational organisation in Mumbai. To keep it simple. This place is fancy as fuck. The people are rich. The office furnishings equipment etc. are rich. The organisation is rich We are going to Europe for our offsite retreat this year for 5 days and worse they spend like rich people. Strangely enough the upper management is of humble roots self made entrepreneurs. They interact with and even eat with the staff boys and secretaries etc. and are generally frugal. The middle management and my immediate seniors are the from educated privileged backgrounds typically SoBo or from wealthy backgrounds. Not to mention my organisation itself is a generous paymaster. As a result I am in the company of some extremely rich people who tend to blow their money on parties breakfasts lunches etc. where the bill per head can easily go up to 1.52.5k per person. I already burnt my fingers in my first week when I went for a dinner to Salt Water Cafe one saturday night. I carefully ordered the cheapest alcohol rum and avoided food while my colleagues had anything from tequila shots to jagerbombs to Jack Daniels and large Chicken steaks. After seeing the bill at 1.9k per head which was unfairly split among everyone irrespective of what they ate or drank I never went out again sans for one farewell party where my senior told me she will pay the bill Now I dont plan to stay in this profession long. Granted I get paid generously but I am the junior most level save over 25 in mutual funds since I plan on quitting in 35 years to start my own business. Rent and other utilities leave only 3035 as disposable income for me which I save for one or two outings a month at relatively budget places. I simply hate empty consumerism and spending money on food and drinks outside. I hate spending money on fancy iPhones or foreign vacations. But I work in an organisation where everyone has too much money earned or inherited and they spend like well..BITCHES. Theyre really nice and smart people. But they spend like bitches Recently I refused to go for breakfast somewhere. I pretended to be busy which I really was but my chief motivation was to save money. My reporting mentor comes to me tells me Its okay I understand you are busy but sometimes you can exercise discretion with your deadlines. Dont say No all the time to outings. They went to some stupid starbucks nearby where the bill came 300 per head I am the type who makes my own eggs and toast in the morning for breakfast How do I balance my monthly budget and prevent myself from being labelled a social outcast at work How do I learn to say No and yet have the liberty to invite myself to an outing if I deem fit tldr Shifted to a new fancy organization where people are rich and spend like bitches. Cant seem to fit in since Im too frugal to party and eat out all the time.. Trying to own a house in a city is a dream: Smite thee with the housing prices Smite them all up their arses Wanting to buy a house seems to be an exclusive privilege for the rich only. Prices in Bangalore are starting at 1 crore at least the decent ones which have a bit of living space these are still apartments though. I dont understand how have land prices shot through the roof like this. Its just atrocious and no one can do a thing about it. A home for 40lakhs or 50lakhs is affordable by our standards but these houses are located in some forest where wild animals would take a poop on your lawn and youd probably get kidnapped while going for a walk. Anything in the city is just out of reach and dont get me started on housing loan thats like satans ahole where you end up paying almost twice the amount for the same home. And all for what an investment. I cant afford a single home how can I buy a home as an investment What am I going to sell that one home and live on the road. Im 30 years have a decent lifestyle and want to have a home but that dream so far is a dream. Fuck this shit Im out. Edit some people have suggested I buy a house in another city. My job is in Bangalore I wouldnt want to relocate to a different place. Edit 2 lot of people are suggesting I go the rented route and invest stocks or mutual funds etc etc. Thanks guys Ill look into it. Id like to address the people who have vehemently pointed out the disparaging lack of common sense my cranium lacks. To those people thanks but no thanks for your opinion. If you can easily come to a conclusion that Im lacking grey cells to comprehend matters that are easy for you then I feel bad that my life has not been as enriched with information as yours has been it certainly speaks volumes about how you address people who dont have the same knowledge as you have. . [R] [NP] [FO] Indiamade food products face USFDA heat Haldirams top list of rejected items. [NP][R][FO]A Short History of Indias Haldirams. A strange conversation with a JNU student: My friend is studying at JNU English lit. We were talking on the phone a few days ago. The conversation moved to the recent unrest in Jharkhand. The caste system is so evil my friend said. After which he launched into a tirade about the evils of Hinduism. The summary is Caste system is evil. Hinduism is evil because it is based on caste. Upper caste people oppress lower caste people. Brahmins are evil people who have a superiority complex. As Ambedkar said Hinduism needs to be destroyed in order to destroy the caste system dynamite the Vedas etc. Hinduism is inferior to other religions because of castebased discrimination. Thus converting to Islam or Christianity or Buddhism etc is justified. The state should do everything to restrict/ban castebased Hindu practices. In short he sees Hinduism as a source of problems. The problems are Caste system Gender/Social/Economic Inequality Poverty Religiosity/blind faith/ superstition I was not surprised by this as he regularly posts articles from Scroll Wire Ambedkars writing etc on FB. OK I said what solutions are there Should Indians adopt Liberalism No he said it is such a Eurocentric ideology. What about Feminism No he said White feminists disregard the experiences of brown women. Upper caste feminists in India dont care about Dalit women. What about Socialism No he said Leftist parties in India are primarily controlled by Brahmins he said they dont care about Dalits. As a solution he said people need to read Ambedkar. His works are the antidote to the Hindu poison he said. Dear friends to what extent would you agree with my friends position Be careful though as you are looking at the powerful mind of a possible future Indian intellectual . [Education] Haryana Board HBSE Class 10th Result 2017 Declared Check At Bseh.org Monika Rani Tops The Exam. Help with writing: Is there anyone who writes a lot in here How do you keep yourself motivated to keep writing What incentives do you give yourself after youve completed a piece Also what do you do to keep the string of thought while writing a creative piece short story novel poem etc I tend to lose that thought as various ideas pop up almost simultaneously and then I try to keep up and eventually stop writing and just keep thinking. I also have this bad habit if editing while writing. I think thats my Achilles heel. But I just cant stand the sight of those wiggly red and green lines. I have to get rid of them before I continue. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks.. Paresh Rawal says tie Arundhati Roy to Army jeep instead of stonepelter. Mobile number [R]egistered with Aadhar not receiving OTP messages [NP]: Hello /r/india Following the requirement of linking Aadhar to PAN I enrolled into Aadhar. While my Aadhar number has been generated I have run into a problem. I am not receiving OTP messages sent from the UIDAI portal. I used my EID and another mobile number to receive the OTP in order to download the Aadhar PDF. I have gone through the checklist found after googling this problem my number is correctly entered it is active my phone is in coverage area and it is an Android phone hence no question of running out of memory. I contacted helpuidai.gov.in. and got a template reply listing the steps to be used to verify mobile/email used in Aadhar and second time how to update personal details in Aadhar. How do I go about fixing this problem If this fails I am thinking of using the second number in my Aadhar details. If I update my Aadhar mobile number to this second number which I have not used anywhere else my banks income tax records etc. all use the main number will it cause problems down the line Thanks. [R] Where can I find original parts of my Lenovo laptop online: I have a lenovo ideapad Z580 whose base is a bit damaged and I need to replace it. I went to the service center and they told me that the total cost would be around 6k which I think is quite pricey. Does anyone here know sites where I could get original parts I checked Amazon EBay and they do have it but Im not sure if it is genuine. . 22 year old Indian going bald. Lol.: This is fuking tragic guys. It feels like my life is over before it even started. I dont have anything that even remotely resembles a social life. So Im screwed on all fronts i guess. Anyone else going through a similar ordeal How do you manage to survive Ps. Im sure Ill go completely bald withing a year or two. . Adivasis in Odisha defeated Vedanta but are now caught between the state and the Maoists. [Seriously] India a victim of terror says Donald Trump calls upon Muslim nations to do their bit to defeat terrorism: [deleted]. Passport surname correction in mothers full name. Suggestions needed.: Greetings I had issued my passport in 2010. Im planning to get a visitor visa soon and thus I need to correct the spelling in my mothers surname the one on last second pages where father full name and mother full name listed. Theres only one minor issue the surname printed there is acbdefg instead of abcdefg. Do I need to reapply for the passport considering a fact that it is 2017 and I havent corrected this mistake Or a simple correction form would do the trick Also I had checked with my application form this mistake was from my side and not from the PSK side. What are my options to correct this thing As I need to change/correct this asap. . Are Dalits unsafe in India. Regarding DIAT Pune Modelling and Simulation course: So i got shortlisted for this course. I am not able to find much credible info about the college or the course. Need to know about the quality of the college and peers will it be a step up in my career or not given that i did my undergrad from one of the top NITs. I am currently preparing for GRE and was looking for spring admissions in IE courses. Applied for this as a back up in case something goes wrong.. [R] Looking for advice regarding drama schools in Bangalore.: Hi Everyone I am looking for a drama school in Bangalore. I am 24 yrs old and working. I am to much interested in acting and performing dramas So can anyone please suggest me a good drama school in Bangalore.. A detailed account of the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi old Cover Story. JEE Advanced exam IIT aspirants to fight a doordie prestige battle today. Where is the AIB off script with Zakir Khan video.has it been taken off YT. Hands folded bloodsoaked body Pictures of man begging for life capture brutality of Jharkhand lynching [NP]. Cyclops Goat Born in India National Geographic: [deleted]. [NP] [serious] Someone tried to access my SBI netbanking account and it has been locked for a day. Need some help to ensure that this doesnt happen again.: I know its a cyber crime under the relevant law and I really want to identify the fucker who is trying to access my account. Does anyone know how to do that Plus any help to ensure that it doesnt happen again would be really appreciated. Thanks.. Company not giving experience letter and withholding salary upon resignation [np][r]: Hello folks one of my cousins resigned from his job just before completion of 6 mths probation. The offer letter suggested a bond of 1 year but also that within probationary period 1 mth of notice from either side was ok. All in all the appointment letter seemed contradictory and not legal enough. Now that he is trying to leave the company they are asking for 2 months salary and threatening to withhold experience letter. What legal options does one have in this scenario . [Serious] Business owners who wound up their operations when did you decide to quit: How long did you try Why did you quit In hindsight do you regret the decision to quit. [R] Advice needed. A distant relative has essentially become his parents tormentor: Throwaway account. Some time ago my family became aware that a distant relative of ours is mistreating his parents. He is in his early 40s unmarried unemployed and has/had a large amount of debt. His parents were quite wealthy and lived in one of the most expensive a localities in the city but were repeatedly convinced to pay off his debts to the point of insolvency. They have virtually nothing left. He now imprisons them at home beats them regularly and their behaviour is similar to that of what resembles abuse victims no eye contact vague answers. Often times he will answer on their behalf. Nobody knows where they live because theyve recently moved likely to avoid debt collectors. Their phones have been taken by him and he locks them up in their room. Whatever information we have has come from the parents during a recent family occasion where they blurted all this out when he was not in earshot and was corroborated from multiple family members who met them on two more occasions. They are quite old early 70s and they are not interested in pursuing this with the authorities. After years of abuse their minds are also not in a state where they believe they can put an end to their torment as such they have lost hope and are waiting for death. They have another son who they mistreated and threw out when he dared to speak out against this and warned them of their inevitable fate. He has moved far away and wants nothing to do with them. Its a complex situation with a lot of variables involved. My interest primarily is moral. To an extent I am of the opinion that they sow what they reap. They dug themselves deeper and deeper and treated their younger kid like shit. To some degree I feel like they ought to take responsibility for the shit theyve allowed and to an extent encouraged. On the other hand I find myself wondering whether its a grave act of moral cowardice to not intervene in this kind of situation somehow. What they are going through is essentially imprisonment and torture to some degree. Is this a just punishment My entire and immediate family has largely distanced themselves from the entire situation because these people were warned repeatedly about their son due to suspicions that came from various family members but everyone was always met with contempt lies and a general sense of mind your own business. They also cut ties with a lot of family members when they tried to convince them to toss out their deadbeat son. I however find myself brooding over whether this is unjust or whether nothing ought to be done. Were I to someday entertain the notion of intervening in this situation what options exist realistically I cant really expect the cops to do anything. Chances are the parents will refute any allegations. I dont know where they live although Im a pretty adventurous person Im fully capable of doing some legwork and finding out if I really want to. Is there any kind of anonymous tip that can be provided to the authorities Ideally the cops ought to bring him in and beat him thoroughly or lock him up. What does one do morally and pragmatically in a situation like this Im interested to hear some ideas. Probably important to note that I have little or no emotional attachment to this situation whatsoever. If anything Im a little wary because this guy occasionally sends bulk texts to family members with sob stories asking for cash and my life is generally better off without the prospect of psychopaths texting. Any thoughts are welcome. More of a philosophical question but nonetheless I am curious about what avenues exist in India within the confines of the law to deal with this sort of thing. . J. Krishnamurti Madras Chennai 1984 Students Discussion 2. Raga Shivranjani on Bansuri Indian Bamboo Flute. Indrayani Kathi Dewachi Aalandi sung by Pandit Bhimsen Joshi. Why government doesnt promote adoption programs instead of breeding programs: this Dad adopts four kids gives them childhood he never had https//www.youtube.com/watchvd9QoK8L1YWo but because of heavy brainwashing via t.v. movies and rural ideologies our people are stilling living backward life e.g. NSFW http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/harassedforbeingunabletobearsonwomansetsselfdaughtersablaze/story03FG45ICQlzin0HKmMjBKP.html Society is pushing for kids specially male. now government should at least spread awareness that if you want boy you can secretly adopt kids under government and adopt boy. journalist should promote stuffs like adopt poor kids instead of breeding your dumb generation we will end up becoming dumb like the middle east if we didnt evolve from these ideologies. This type of incidents remind me of The craving for identification by j krishnamurti.. our People are stuck with ideologies dumb at philosophy level. there is juice of great philosophy is missing in our society. everyone is working like a pre programmed bot its working but it keeps crashing in a loop. . In A First Kerala Makes Sanitary Napkin Vending Machines Mandatory In All Schools. Help. Eunuchs demanding 1 lakh rupees gift because we constructed a new home. What are my options : Of course I dont believe in their bullshit of bad curse etc. but i would prefer the matter to be settled peacefully without having to shell out money. What can i do. Pollution from Indian drugmakers drives drug resistance. Areas around manufacturing sites still heavily contaminated with antimicrobials and breeding multidrugresistant pathogens.. Need help with Tata Sky: Hi rndia I am new to this Tata Sky shit and I need help. I dont want any of the regional fucking channels neither star plus and shit. How can I just subscribe to movies sports and channels like Turbo and shit. Help me out. . HELP How to report a banking corruption case / scam anonymously and to whom: Ive come to know of a PSU bank upgrading a multicrore NPA loan by 50. Some properties are mortgaged againt the loan which are suspected to be farzi but even the external auditor has cleared the proposal based on the applicants verbal assurance which is against protocol. The senior officials in the bank seem hellbent on approving the loan. Disclosure Im not from the banking sector so some terms/jargons may be off. Got the info from a friend who works at the bank. I want to make an anonymous complaint to the relevant authority and see how it goes. The information is reliable and atleast some action should be taken IMO.. Is Hindi the new cool. Just a reminder: [deleted]. When will we start calling people who do caste based disc[r]imination what they are Racists: Can some one explain to me how people who continue to oppose intercaste mingling arent racists I mean if a white woman falls in love with a black guy and the family of the white woman is opposed to the marriage purely for the skin color they are called racists. Why is this so blatant in India And why arent these people called racists. [AskIndia] What has youre experience with booking tickets and travelling by train for long distances been like in recent times [SERIOUS]: [deleted]. Thought for the day to Bakths: Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president or any other public official save exactly to the degree in which he himself stands by the country. It is patriotic to support him insofar as he efficiently serves the country. It is unpatriotic not to oppose him to the exact extent that by inefficiency or otherwise he fails in his duty to stand by the country. In either event it is unpatriotic not to tell the truth whether about the president or anyone else. Theodore Roosevelt. /r/pakistan mod quality and literacy level. Andhra Accused Acquitted In Gandhis Assassination Case. 21yearold DJ Girl runs away with Rs 1 crore caught after going live on Facebook. Weather New Delhi August: Hello I am a European who wants to spend one month in August in New Delhi. Regarding the weather some people say it is unbearable some say you get used to it quickly. I would appreciate some other opinions and experiences. Thanks in advance. Cycling Trips amp Cycling Holidays in South India. [AMA Announcement] Parvaaz Bangalore based rock band. May 18th Thursday 630 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We are going to host members of Parvaaz in an AMA on Thursday May 18th. Please find the details of the AMA below About Parvaaz Parvaaz came together in 2010 when Khalid Ahmed and Kashif Iqbal childhood friends from Kashmir met in Bangalore after a hiatus of about 3 years and decided to jam together. They initially came up with a few basic melodies but slowly realized that their collaboration had something more to yield than just a few songs. After a different initial lineup the band finally turned into a fourpiece act with Sachin Banandur December 2010 and Fidel DSouza January 2012. New music followed and soon the band chose five tracks including the previously released single Dil Khush for the debut EP Behosh. Produced and recorded at Nathaniel School of Music Behosh released July 2012 and went on to become the top selling album on OKListen and topped charts on Nh7 as well. As part of the EP launch the band completed a tour covering Chennai Hyderabad Mumbai and Pune. A music video for Lolmatlai followed in December 2012. The album was eventually nominated for TOTO Awards 2012 as well as Gima Awards 2013 for the category of Best Rock Album. February 2013 saw the release of the single Khufiya Dastaan. Over the years Parvaaz has been part of music festivals including Fireflies Festival of Music 2011 The Great Indian October Fest Bangalore 2011 The Big Mushroom Cloud Festival 2011 Roots Festival Kerela 2012 Storm Festival Coorg 2012 TAAQademy Festival 2012 IndieMarch Festival Bangalore 2013 and 2014 Nh7 Weekender Pune and Bangalore 2013 MAD Festival Ooty 2013 and ZeroMile Festival Nagpur 2013. The 2013 Mtv Segment Rayban Never Hide Sounds featured Parvaaz in collaboration with Raghu Dixit. The band started recording sessions in October 2013 to start groundwork on the ultimately 58 minute 8 track album Baran. The production was entirely crowdfunded with the help of 96 contributors and is slated for release August 13 2014. Date amp Time Thursday May 18th 630 PM IST Verification https//i.imgur.com/glcpC5K.jpg And I almost forgot. Here are a bunch of songs from their YT channel 1. [Beparwah]https//www.youtube.com/watchvMNmiN43iAyQ 2. [Shaad their latest single]https//www.youtube.com/watchvauZ3HeKB0o 3. [Transitions LIVE at Jagriti Theatre]https//www.youtube.com/watchvT1xCBS2z4P4. [R] Has any Indian been to North Korea as a tourist: We recently travelled to North Korea as a family and received a feedback that few few Indians visit Pyongyang as a tourist. Our trip was fascinating but I would like to also hear the feedback/opinions of other Indians too who travelled to this hermit country. Thanks. Have you seen this Hot summer scam: basically websites like amazonflipkart and paytm sell their products on heavy discount. but here is the glitch i noticed. Market price of product 100rs they put MRP as 300rs. they they say FLAT 50 HOT SUMMER Rajnikant discount offer price 150rs you pay 50rs extra when their is so called heavy sales. just wanted to know your opinion about this subject. Thank you.. How two youngsters gave Kashmir its own Facebook to beat internet curfew. r/India I need your help Lost 7.1k due to a failed successful ATM transaction. Bank has denied my claim.: On 4 May I attempted to withdraw 7.1k from another banks ATM. I inputted the amount and the PIN as soon as the ATM began processing the transaction the machine switched off. No cash was dispensed. On 4 May I filed a complaint on ICICIs website but it was not responded to. On 6 May I visited the branch and tried to file a complaint but it was refused because these complaints will only be filed over the phone. I sat at the bank and filed the complaint over phone then quarreled with the deputy branch manager to get a written copy of the complaint. He finally gave in and printed the complaint from his system. 7 to 10 working days resolution time. Yesterday on 16 May I received an SMS saying my claim has been rejected because the transaction was successful. I called the customer care and asked why it had been rejected if I could see the CCTV footage showing that it was successful and finally if I could see the ATM cash/transaction tally for the concerned day. Both my latter requests were denied saying we cant share that with you. I have recorded this call. He took another higher level complaint this time with a window of 17 days. I feel like this is just eyewash and the money is gone. What can I do to protect myself from this point on Is there anything can be done https//www.rbi.org.in/scripts/NotificationUser.aspxId6437ampMode0 RBI says the claim must be solved within 7 days and a penalty of 100 per day will be applicable beyond that period.. Bangalore Upcoming Events Today Tomorrow and this Weekend. 90s kids will remember. Just need to get this off my chest.: TLDr Found a sick kitten tried to nourish it back to health. Devout and nosy neighbourhood woman kidnaps and abandons it to die because it shat once in her kids shoe. I found a [malnourished kitten]http//imgur.com/ikFMhEN my neighborhood kids were playing with in our gated community. Apparently it was around for a while but they were using it as a toy and no one bothered to feed it. However its parents also roamed in our gated community. All the events below happened over a single day. Poor thing even refused to drink milk at first and seemed to be too lethargic. I had no intention of growing it since I wasnt going to stay long and had noone to give it too but just wished to nurse it back to health and make sure it didnt starve to death on my watch. Kittens are self reliant after the first few months anyway especially when their parents are around to assist. I headed out to get it some kitten food from the pet store. I left it on my verandah on a soft blanket with some milk by its side. By the time I got back it was missing. On inquiring around I came to realize what happened The nosy neighbourhood bitch I cant bring myself to call her a human called the watchman probably entered my property cant prove this but I left the kitten inside my porch but left my gate unlocked and open threw the kitten in a bag and abandoned it somewhere far away. Without its parents in its condition it will be surely mauled by stray dogs or die due to starvation. Another one supported the action they refused to tell me where they left it and were hostile towards me for even trying to feed it. They did this because the kitty shat in her daughters expensive shoes which were washable crocs lol. When I said it wasnt a big deal it was very sickly and I only wanted to nurse it back to health she exclaimed that I would only know her pain if it shat in my shoe and the others supported. Speechless at their heartlessness and outnumbered I am ashamed to say that I couldnt do anything without going ape shit beserk. Worst this is this bitch goes to Gita classes thrice a week visits temples regularly after rounding up the neighbourhood women and says Vishnu Sahasranamam loudly every evening with the others. She gossips about everyone while acting morally superior and acts like the neighbourhood CCTV bitching about the other neighbours behind their backs such as another widower uncle smoking cigs in his own balcony. I have 0 respect for such pseudoreligious morally righteous people people who put on a big show of worshiping loudly donating gold chains stacks of money and fall at the feet of Gods but have 0 respect for even a fellow human being let alone a helpless animal. They dont donate to real charities helping real people dont even give Rs 10 to a cripple and then cry to the Gods and make show of throwing money and organizing huge festivals in local temples to get brownie points from the society and Gods to solve their pathetic problems. A neighbor who was part of their close circle and whom they chitchatted with every day recently lost their well loved youngest child in a tragic accident and none of these so called friends even bother to visit their home which they shifted to somewhere close by to avoid trauma for support when they most needed it after the kids funeral because of bad luck or some shit. But on the day they first heard the news everyone of them was at the grieving parents home making a big show of ringing the bell and banging the door when the parents were bawling inside on the telephone to someone who was giving them the news I think these people were only really there to gossip and get the spicy details. I had to shout at them and make them disperse to give the grieving family some privacy and some space to get to know what actually happened I think these people have really evil greedy hearts and just do naatak to show off to the community. Usually from my observations the most religiously fervent ones in temples other than the ones who do it as a profession/study will be the one who is most sinful and dark hearted. Curse be onto them and I bet if the Gods really existed I bet they would spit on them and their ilk. I wish that her own children get sick of that hag and abandon her when she is lonely old frail and incontinent some day.. [R] Reddit India please spread the world on a teensuicide game thats entered India called Blue Whale: [removed]. Food for thought. Delhi gang rape verdict Not rarest of rare case but rarest of rare outrage. Modi Vs Kejriwal lets start the war: If you support BJP let us know what they have done in 3 years and if you support AAP let us know what they have done in last 2 years. Please dont crack stupid jokes aaj kaam ki baat kro why do you support AAP or BJP. Anybody know any trustworthy professional piercing studio in delhi: [deleted]. Boy With Tumors All Over Face Undergoes LifeChanging Operation BloggerTrack. This guy argues that India is the sole democracy in Asia. xpost from r/indiaspeaks. Kerala Paralysed youth on mission to find his doppelganger. Hindu law of divorce is more discriminatory says Kapil Sibal. Is this true What do you guys think: [deleted]. [serious] father in icu Im confused lost about the future.: My dads in the icu with chances not looking too favorable for my family. Im in my mid twenties and feel like the worlds collapsing on me. Im too young for this and every mental issue possible. Sitting at 3 30am in the icu I post this. While nothing would ever prepare me for the personal and emotional loss if it happens Id like your opinion on what nonpersonal preparation I should be getting done in terms of financial legal etc. Thanks.. [R] Anybody here currently studying in Azim Premji University UG programme: I recently got shortlisted for Interview for admission in UG programme and was looking for somebody who can provide me with their experience of the interview.. Worst country in the World for Women than India: somebody would throw in somalia and Pakistan. but other than that Before being born Female Infanticide Abandoning female new born Child rape/abuse Honour killings Dowry killings Domestic violence Gangrapes rapes Abuse by children Old age abuse. Street harassment sexual harassment eveteasing Acid attacks crime of Passion marriage/love rejection killings. Sex trafficking Child slavery debt slavery in villages forced marriage child marriage Edit Im right. Its official. India is 4th worst country for Woman. https//www.theguardian.com/world/2011/jun/15/worstplacewomenafghanistanindia. Worst country in World for Women than India: [deleted]. [Serious]A concerning incident happened today with me.. It makes me wonder how much accessible our activities are through social media: Okay so I use an HDFC Debit Card and I today reached Dubai for a vacation. On the airport just like a lot of other teenagers i clicked a snap and posted it on SnapChat with Dubai Location Tag in the snap. Seconds later i get an SMS from HDFC bank regarding its services on its Debit cards International usage. Now the concerning part is We did not apply for any kind of bank services on our Debit/Credit card for International usage. I dont even get the banks messages like this because i have opted out of the service. It made me think how possibly could they know i was abroad Maybe it was a coincident but it still got me to thinking if its actually more than that. [R]Triple talaq hearing Arguments before SC show Muslim minds still unwilling to think outside religions framework. How are Lenovo phones in India And the service center experience: How well do the phones generally run without problems Im considering the Lenovo k6 power from the flipkart sale so please reply fast.. Major who tied Kashmiri civilian to jeep given clean chit Army brass believes he saved lives. Help needed to learn Englishspeaking.: What is the best way to learn english for a tier3 town vernacular language schooled kid to learn some workable english with short term goal of getting a decentpaying job and to improve selfesteem and confidence. Are englishspeaking courses worth it . [R] Airtel has upped its FUP again: Has airtel upped its FUP again A couple of months ago they offered that gift where your FUP increased quite a bit although I believe the gift was just a gimmick and theyre only upgrading your FUP as per how much youre paying. I just received another message where they increased my data usage limit by another 155 Gb for a total of 325 Gb. Anybody else get that. Woman burnt alive for objecting to husbands extramarital affair. Happy Mothers day r/India whats your unforgettable mother story.... Need help regarding this business.: My father now retired lent some money to my uncle his younger brother which he promised to return in December 2016. Due to demonetization my uncle is unable to return the money for at least two years. Now my father is in urgent need of it because of some property he had purchased before November 8 and coming marriage of my sister. We dont have any reason to doubt the intentions of my uncle. He owns a big poultry farm. He has suggested that I take eggs from him daily and supply it in our and adjoining cities at less rates than its already being supplied. The money needed to buy eggs from him will be adjusted with the loan. I am doing a regular 9 to 5 job and will have to take leave for some six months for this. My uncle is also ready to adjust my salary with his loan as he genuinely understands the needs of my father and desperately wants to return the money. I want to ask here that will the retail shopkeepers whom I intend to supply these eggs take eggs from me at lesser rates and leave their regular suppliers What if their regular suppliers also drop down their prices . Anyone out there in Meerut Random request [R]: Dropping into Meerut from UK for 24 hours to visit Jali Kothi. Any redditors with any good advice out there. [R] Do people here know about Jiddu Krishnamurti If you dont Then you should and heres why: I am 32 and only few months back started to read and watch about J.Krishnamurti. He was born into a poor family regarded as a dumb kid. Later Anne Besant adopted him took him around the world. And he was chosen as head of theological society. But he left it all behind. And just preached what he thought about the world. And his thoughts really hit home HARD. And What i had known before about how the world works. How the things work our purpose on earth. How we should live et cetera. He always everything in a very simple easy and beautiful manner. I have been a minimalist since the age of 15. And when i turned 25 i started becoming a consumerist in a big way but then i realised materialistic things arent worth it by the age of 30. But why materialism is not worth it i simply never fully understood. But this guy J.K. he knows it all. He explains it all Materialism life marriage earning guilt pleasure loss success. Everything. Also im sharing herewith my favourite video of his. https//www.youtube.com/watchvhJEhAeBYOiA . This article and video shows that how new feminism is brainwashing and pushing vicious genderbiased agenda.: Received this article from a colleague this morning and he was praising a lot. But the article and video is very disturbing. [Article]http//theladiesfinger.com/saveboychildcampaign/ [Video]https//www.facebook.com/keegan.pinto.1/videos/1432736420109773/ The article and video both are in public domain and the video is embedded in it so mods dont delete it.. Customs on LCD/LED/IPS monitor: I know that customs on LED/LCD TV is 36.05. What is the customs on LCD/LED monitor when I transfer my residence back to india Does the customs officer treat monitor and tv differently Any help regarding the above matter is appreciated.. How to get pilot licence in India: I want to go to flying school after my engineering. So what are the things that I should know about before going to aviation school . As the RSS prepares to create physically strong faircomplexioned children by 2020 history provides a spectacularly interesting context.: [deleted]. Stay updated with all the Upcoming Events in Bangalore. Are Muslim/Hindu Relations As Bad As Shown In The Media: From reading news and also reddit it seems like India is simmering with all these Muslim Hindu clashes RSS/Shiv Sena Hindus going and beating up people who are eating beef or disrespecting Hinduism and then theres all these Muslims who are in Kashmir killing people and issuing fatwas and all that stuff. Are Muslim Hindu relations really this bad or is it just aggrandized for the media For example in the USA Ive never once had any problems or even discussions about religion but on the media they portray it as a very racist country and all that. Also when I went to Hyderabad Muslim/Hindu city I didnt really see anything out of place. Granted I just went to like buy milk at the store for my pedamma but still is there a rising problem in everyday life. Holes In our History books. I Googled for images of sexiest TV actress and I was surprised at the amount of Indian actress pictures that are there.: [removed]. [R] Fireflies. Purushwadi. Anyone been there before: I was checking the firefly festival in purushwadi. Looks amazing but at the same time its too expensive Has anyone here gone for it or know anyone who has been there [Grassroutes]http//www.grassroutes.co.in/ are organizing the event. The rates are shown in this [doc]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0BxE4nURSCqaGbFk5a1liaTBJZnM/viewuspsharing. Cheapest is 2k for some nearby village homestay. Thanks . CMV Aadhar is the only practical way of plugging leaks in subsidies [R]: How else do you eliminate duplicacies without unique identification At least in the short term. Funny things in school textbooks: [deleted]. National Herald case Huge setback for Sonia Rahul Gandhi HC orders IncomeTax probe. Kapil Sibal is the the defence lawyer in he Triple talaq hearing in SC appearing on behalf of AIPMLB: Is this really proper Should a former MP and a minister of cabinet represent a side in a court of law on a matter of such polarisation Especially when his own party is demanding the issue not be politicised Edit I completely understand Sibal is a lawyer and free to practise his vocation as he wants. But given the historic significance of this case SC has appointed 5 judges from 5 diff faiths to appear neutral it would have been better if we didnt have people associated with any political parties fight this out so as to keep the ruling as apolitical as possible. . Not a Shashi Tharoor original Farrago of distortions misrepresentations was first said by journalist Mehdi Hasan. Indian population originated in three migration waves Study. Theres A World Of Difference Between Patriotism And Nationalism. Please HELP. How good is Entrepreneurship Developement Institute of India GandhinagarEDII:  Any of you studied there Or know anyone who studied there Any feedback . Special Mar[r]iage Act vs Hindu Marriage Act: Hi is anyone here well versed with these two marriage acts I want to understand the pitfalls of registering my marriage in Special Marriage Act vs Hindu Marriage act. Im planning to have my wedding in Nov this year. But there are some uncertainties which may delay it by 23 months. As Im working abroad and Ill need some time to process my wifes dependent visa I was thinking of registering my marriage in court in the next 23 months i.e. before the actual wedding. However my SO was cautioned by her friend who was a practicing family court lawyer to not go with this approach. He strongly suggested that we wait for the wedding and then register the marriage under Hindu Marriage Act. His reasoning was that there are limitations of Special Marriage act when it comes to inheritances etc and our children may face complications. And since we are both Hindus theres no reason to add such an unnecessary complication when there are no pressing reasons to do so. Can anyone elaborate the differences between the two acts. Just realised India is doing rather well in the world of Chess. Let us appreciate our players for their hard work.. [R] Does anyone else use SkyTorrents.in It seems the site is working but when you search something it keeps on loading and doesnt show any results.. 5 shocking examples of H1B visa program abuse. ELI5 What is the objective of RTE Did it achieve its objective. Amazon has gone kulcha: Recently I was watching American Gods in Amazon prime video in episode 2 one of characters who works in slaughterhouse was explaining how cows were slaughtered in past. Now the word cow got censored out. The funny thing is this show also has a lot of tits and full frontal nudity and Amazon doesnt censor any of thesethough they did censor a dick pic. . 10 Myths Indians Have About Interior Design: [deleted]. How to subscribe to Google Play Music with Debit cards [NP] [R]: So GPM is finally here and Ive been trying it for the past few days. My trial period just expired and being rather pleased with the service Ive decided to subscribe to it. Problem is Ive only got debit cards I do have an entropay account and will use it if I find no other way of paying but I wanted to ask around here first to see if any of you have had luck with using a debit card on Google Play. GPM is very good IDK if the library is extensive etc for instance I couldnt find some of the more esoteric japanese songs but the recommendations engine seems to perform very well and the playlists called stations on GPM are rather nice and adapt quickly to the kind of music you listen to especially if you already have music on google play in your phone. The Indian music recommendations have toned down and improved bollywood is almost out of my homepage and the recommendations seem to have become more tasteful from mainstream bollywood disco songs Ive started getting recommendations for Hindustani and for classical malayalam songs. It even picked up on my love of instrumental music and recommended a nice playlist of just movie soundtracks. . Change.org petition for Narendra Modi PM The Juvenile in Nirbhaya rape case shouldnt go free. When the heroines no is a no Six Malayalam films which respect consent. TIL that the Indian armed forces commit more acts of rape in Kashmir than the militants.: [Rape in Kashmir A Crime of War a report by Asia Watch \A Division of Human Rights Watch\ amp Physicians for Human Rights]https//www.hrw.org/sites/default/files/reports/INDIA935.PDF gt In October 1992 representatives from Asia Watch and Physicians for Human Rights PHR traveled to Kashmir to document rape and other human rights abuses and violations of the laws of war by Indian security forces. They also investigated incidents of abuse by armed militant groups who have also committed rape and other attacks on civilians. PHR and Asia Watch condemn these crimes as violations of international human rights and humanitarian law. gt ... gt Rape is used as a means of targetting women whom the security forces accuse of being militant sympathizers in raping them the security forces are attempting to punish and humiliate the entire community. gt Rape has also occurred frequently during reprisal attacks on civilians following militant ambushes. gt In these cases any civilians who reside in the area become the target of retaliation. gt ... gt For their part armed militant organizations in Kashmir have also targeted civilians although not to the same extent as have the security forces. gt ... gt There are no reliable statistics on the number of rapes committed by security forces in Kashmir. gt Human rights groups have documented many cases since 1990 but because many of the incidents have occurred in remote villages it is impossible to confirm any precise number. There can be no doubt that the use of rape is common and routinely goes unpunished. gt Indian government authorities have rarely investigated charges of rape by security forces in Kashmir. gt To our knowledge the prosecution of two soldiers for the rape of a Canadian tourist in October 1990 is the only case of criminal prosecution which the Indian government has made public. The soldiers were sentenced to prison terms but as of April 1993 the soldiers remained in barracks and the case was on appeal. gt ... gt Rape by armed militant groups in Kashmir is less common but has been reported with greater frequency in recent years along with other violent crimes including kidnapping and murder.. R/India Help me escape.: I am your average Joe working a 95 IT job as a full stack developer in Delhi after graduating in 2016. I am feeling more and more depressed by passing of each day here . The social environment and surroundings of Delhi is making me feel miserable and I dont know how the fuck I can move away from the concrete jungle of Delhi . I love my work and dont know anything aside my filed . I dont have any skills or any family background which is going to help me to move away from the life of a metro city .Its like all the IT related jobs in only these cities only. The fact is in my whole life i lived in a tier 2 city with like lots of open places forests mountains nearby .These things are hard to find here . I have a feeling that I am going to stuck in metros forever . I have tried living in Bangalore earlier the traffic jams their made me to move in Delhi also Delhi was closer to the home. Whats are my other options for living a life in small city I am trying to find a remote work but all they need is experience and given my family condition I cant take a risk of quitting a job and trying something new .. R/India Help me escape.: I am your average Joe working a 95 IT job as a full stack developer in Delhi after graduating in 2016. I am feeling more and more depressed by passing of each day here . The social environment and surroundings of Delhi is making me feel miserable and I dont know how the fuck I can move away from the concrete jungle of Delhi . I love my work and dont know anything aside my filed . I dont have any skills or any family background which is going to help me to move away from the life of a metro city .Its like all the IT related jobs in only these cities only. The fact is in my whole life i lived in a tier 2 city with like lots of open places forests mountains nearby .These things are hard to find here . I have a feeling that I am going to stuck in metros forever . I have tried living in Bangalore earlier the traffic jams their made me to move in Delhi also Delhi was closer to the home. Whats are my other options for living a life in small city I am trying to find a remote work but all they need is experience and given my family condition I cant take a risk of quitting a job and trying something new . . Emmanuel Macron is elected next French President. What does it mean for India Discussion: https//www.Bloomberg.com/live/europe Live Bloomberg TV Discussion What does it mean for India Economically Trade International relationship. Technology partnership. https//www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2017frenchelection/ France has some of the Greatest Companies in the World among Top 5 countries in the world in which ever way you look at it. Macrons policies https//pbs.twimg.com/media/CPmZkcVYAIuivs.jpg. [AMA Announcement] Siddharth varadarajan Sidharth Bhatia and M K Venu Founding Editors of The Wire 7 PM IST on May 11: Verification https//twitter.com/thewirein/status/861504625115004929 Date Time May 11 7PM IST Note this is just an announcement the actual AMA will be posted at the earlier date and time. Please direct your questions to that thread. . RSSLinked Organisation Promises Couples Customised Fair Super Babies. Emmanuel Macron is elected next French President. What does it mean for India Discussion: [deleted]. Emmanuel Macron is elected next French President. What does it mean for India Discussion: [deleted]. Macron is elected French President. What does it mean for India Discussion: [deleted]. [serious]how happy you are about yourself. [R]Rascalas South of India[old]. [serious] /r/india how to be happy about yourself: [deleted]. What purchase have you made that you highly recommend to everyone. PSA Avoid Delhi metro Yellow Line: [deleted]. [Serious] Why isnt anyone here talking about Reddit doing away with CSS: Title. Please guys refer to [this post]https//www.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/66q4is/thewebredesigncssandmodtools/ . Reddit is planning to remove CSS from the site. What that means is that Reddits UI will become similar to other social networking websites read Facebook. All the subreddit will look the same meaning /r/Ooer and /r/Ooerintensifies will be just like another subreddit. Also there will be no individuality of subreddits like little animations for upvote /downvotes etc. So basically instead of being a content sharing site it will turn into another Facebook or Tumblr. We dont definitely want that because thats what differentiates Reddit from social networking websites. Yes I might seem a little elitist but quality of the website needs to be intact right They are also planning to dilute he amount of anonymity users hold. There will be Facebook like profiles not confirmed and other devastating changes. Do we want that to happen to our beloved website Do we want another Facebook/Tumblr /Quora for spreading narcissism and misinformation So please guys. I urge the mods and users to show support by joining /r/ProCSS. Let the Reddit team know that we are against this decision and willing to leave the site if such drastic measures are put to effect. It happened with Digg and people moved to Reddit and the same is happening with Reddit now. Lets start a movement. Cheers. Edit I urge the mods to not remove this post and if possible also sticky it. We need people to know whats happening with their favourite website. Edit 2 13/05/17 [THEY HEARD US]https//np.reddit.com/r/modnews/comments/6auyq9/redditisprocss. ALL HAIL THE REDDIT MODS. Husband tied up woman raped by 8 on UP highway[NP]. Whistleblower Who Wrote About Sexual Abuse of Minors By Chhattisgarh Police is Suspended. Aurangzebs tyranny and bigotry cannot be whitewashed A counterview. Government must take action against those who issue fatwa Sonu Nigam. Please join /r/ProCSS to show support.. Please join /r/ProCSS to show support.. [R] People who celebrate death sentence for Delhi gang Rape convicts how should we treat people who torture deskin animals alive and eat them. Im an unkill today randians . Say hello to my nephew.: [deleted]. A Season of Regret for an Aging Tribal Expert in India. Hey /r/armenia the cultural exchange thread: Hello everyone and a very warm welcome to our Armenian friends The cultural exchange with our friends at /r/armenia is now live. They have us over as guests on [here]https//www.reddit.com/r/armenia/comments/69jrvj/welcomeindiatodaywearehostingrindiafora/. Ask whatever you want and remember that Rediquette applies. Enjoy . Foreign Funding to Indian NGOs: [deleted]. What happens when you call a suicide helpline: [deleted]. [R]ant Ineffeciency I faced at RTO: So I got my license 4 years ago. The photo they took of me had a glare right across my face. It was not a problem for me until last week. Last week I was denied entry to an aiport because of this. Missed my fucking flight. Hence I went to the RTO to get a new license. First off the inspector in charge just whisked it off saying sab jageh ye chalta hai. Seriously wanted to punch that bugger in the face. Finally after begging and bribing he agreed. People before and after me probably had to do the same. Gave them a new photo and they said you will receive a new one in the mail. I received it yesterday with the same fucking photo. So I went again this morning to see the chutiyas at the RTO. They basically said that you have to reapply and we will take a photo. But firts you need to take an appointment online. I got an appointment for 2 months from now. Just the lack of standards in everything is appalling. Throught my interaction with these lowlifes I had to address them as sahab and basically blow they egos while I am at it. All this is happening in the Model State of Gujarat. Where they have barcodes on beer bottles which link to your permit number. BC we have used technology for that but we lack basic facilities. Just the priorities of this fucking nation. And now the madarchods want an adhar for cows. FACK. Now I jsut realized how much I digressed from the title. . Cannibalism prostitution and other racist myths that confront Africans studying in India: [deleted]. [R]ant Dont behave like a typical Indian: [removed]. Patanjali Recorded Rs. 10561 crores in turnover Toothpaste stands at 940 cr revenue: [deleted]. Randia How about we have an ethnicity of the week like we did with the states of India [Repost]: There are so many different types of people in India and why not have a weekly post about each one of them. There are so many groups I have no clue about like Ladakhis Gujjars Kumaonis Bodo Nagas etc. and Im sure a lot of you guys are clueless too. Mods what do you think We can talk about dialects history food and so many other things. Lately randia has been getting a bit stale so lets freshen it up and actually have proper discussions. PS Sorry for the repost I accidentally pressed enter before completing the post.. Randia How about we have a ethnicity of the week like we did with the states of India: [removed]. Should we take the subject of co[R]ruption in our own hands and do something about it: [deleted]. Should we take the subject of corruption in our own hands and do something about it: India is one of the most corrupt countries in the world no doubts about it. With each election season there are promises to abolish corruption. With Modi I was really hopeful he would do something substantial about it. With AAP I saw some hope for the future. But now the light at the end of the tunnel seems to be fading with each passing day. Nothing moves in Government offices here without paying a bribe and without abolition of corruption India cant have a very bright future many youngster hope to have. So I was thinking the other day of what can be done about it. I got an idea. I still dont know if it is great or silly or just plain stupid. THE IDEA How about making an app or a website where you can anonymously submit a comment or give a detailed report of the bribe you paid to a particular government employee. Each corrupt officer should have his own profile where anyone can give a report or comment on the bribe paid to him/her. There should be a provision where an user can add a profile for the officer whose profile does not yet exist in the apps database. I still am not decided if this is going to achieve anything substantial other than public shaming but I guess it will have some impact. I am not a great programmer. I can help making a simple site but am not much off an app developer. But just to be safe I guess such a site or app will have to be developed and launched anonymously for safety reasons. Please share your comments on what you think about it. EDIT Never mind there are a lot of such sites.. The land of Gandhi can never be racist is India in denial about its attitude to skin colour: [deleted]. Cannibalism prostitution and other racist myths that confront Africans studying in India. Human Rights Training Low Priority In Police Departments Indian NHRC To UN. The NHRC has noted that Indias high number of judicial vacancies are often blamed for the slow legal process but it had observed that neither the judiciary nor the legislature seem keen on judicial reforms. Kashmir Cant Be Described As IndiaOccupied Or IndiaAdministered India at UN. In the same breath the Indian delegation also defined terrorism as a violation of human rights and urged countries to acknowledge and condemn it as such.. At United Nations India says its a secular country with no state religion. Mukul Rohatgi who led the Indian delegation at the UN Human Rights Council said India makes no distinction between caste creed colour or religion of a citizen.. PSA For All Indian Dota 2 Players: [deleted]. Airtel isnt returning my money.: I have had failed transactions where the amount has been debited from my account around 600700 rupees since April 1. Contacted airtel they said it would be resolved in 10 days. It wasnt resolved. Contacted them again they told me it would be done by 2 pm on May 3rd. Its May 5th now. I am posting this here to let you all know that once your money is taken by airtel youll almost certainly not get it back. Ill be porting as soon as I leave the city I am currently in since airtel does have better network than the competitors here. Moral of the story Airtel Chortel. What if Sanskrit and not Hindi is p[R]omoted as official language[ASK]: This is a thought experiment probably. Advantages 1. Both south and the north will have to study it equally so in a country of diverse languages the Alma mater of most of those would be a fair choice 2. Most south Indian languages are extremely close to Sanskrit even Tamil was made in the image of Sanskrit. The sanskrit speaking village is located in Karnataka. Apart from Varanasi Haridwar a lot of sanskrit universities are in AndhraTelangana and other southern states. 3. The ignorant cow belt who beat their drums with mah ayurveda vimanas ancient science would not have an argument per se when they reject the very language all these claims are written/imparted in. If north says too tough for me their hipocracy can be easily called out. 4. Sanskrit is also a partalma mater of hindi/urdu along with Persian So even our miyans would/might not raise issues. 5. Imo the sanskrit in the south is much better than that of North. Paninis last sutra also assures credibility of even bengals pronunciations AaAo Disadvantages 1. It would be an official language that most of the nation would have to learn which defies general logic of the terminology. 2. Many would associate the language with Hindu imposition which need not be true but thats the other image. 3. Does not solve the purpose of easeofinternationaltrade that English does. 4. Considered a dead/difficult language by most historians. 5. Potential of recreating pali prakrit apabhramsa and other subsanskrit languages again. What do North South and NorthEast indians feel. [Serious] Why are our sculptures beautiful but our paintings really bad:  . Want to make a PSPGameboy hybrid using [R]aspberry Pi: I was thinking about making the [SuperGameGirl]https//np.reddit.com/r/RetroPie/comments/3yua3h/buildyourownsupergamegirlretropiehandheld/ and was wondering if anyone was interested in making it with me. The files needed are uploaded on github. Things I bring to the table are Sourcing the parts at the cheapest cost. Getting the software into raspberry pi. I basically am unsure of my skills in soldering and assembling. If you too would like one let me know. The more we make the cheaper it will be. . This Open Letter By Chennai IT Engineer to Bahubali Director S S Rajamouli Clearly Explains Why Anti Nationals Are Pissed of The Movie. Does any one here remember Wilbur Sargunaraj : He was the OG Indian youtuber who produced hits like [Love Marriage] https//www.youtube.com/watchvTojTlYNNm9w[Cobra Cobra] https//www.youtube.com/watchvRGjmnTg5dIA and [First Class Meat Chicken 65] https//www.youtube.com/watchvAR0Tapwmdc. Apart from that he made tutorial videos like [How to use Easter Latrine] https//www.youtube.com/watchvdKkryfdtMNQ and [How to pluck the coconut in South India] https//www.youtube.com/watchvoH0sKaiUqTI. He da real MVP. FIRST CLASS CITIZEN. Any places where I can promote my Blog: I have just started writing a blog and would love to know if there are any specific subreddits where amateurs like me can post their blogs for a better reach apart from asking my friends to read it. Any place outside of reddit would also help.. [Announcement] Cultural Exchange With Armenia Saturday 6th May: Hey /r/India The mods of /r/Armenia have graciously invited /r/India for a little cultural exchange with /r/Armenia . There will be a thread in /r/India where we will host our Armenian friends and they will host a thread for us. Looking forward to your participation in both the threads at /r/India and /r/armenia . Time 6th May 2017 starting from 1100 AM IST. Pakistan Worlds Top Groundwater Exporter India Ranks Third. Help for economical hotel travel management in Goregaon Mumbai.: Thanku. [JOK TYM] How can foreigners read Snapchat Ceo consider us poor and uneducated: How can foreigners read Snapchat Ceo consider us poor and uneducated Dont they have Facebook Dont they see that everyone in India wrks either on Facebook or Google or isnt wrkng becoz she iz A princezzz or not wrkng bciz still studing. [JOK TYM] How can foreigners read Snapchat Ceo consider us poor and uneducated: [removed]. [R] What brand jeans to buy that would last at least 1.5 years to 2 years: I was thinking of Levis. Any other brands that I should consider. Can we please pick one from the summarising bots for news sources samacharbot/awkardmod: There are three different article summaries on every thread and it isnt a huge problem but it would be better if we didnt have so many blocks of text to scroll through on mobile.. [Request] Alter the art/design of /r/India: [removed]. One advice that you would give to someone who is starting his/her career: So I am starting my career as an intern/trainee at a firm. Just wanted to get few heads up from people who have made their careers regarding howtos of the corporate life. Things that a trainee should keep in mind in Indian context particularly while trying to solidify their position in a company. Thanks. Indias Silicon Valley Is Dying of Thirst. Your City May Be Next. Why is Indias youth still so regressive or conservative: I dont mean conservative in a traditional sense. I have mates in college 1819 years old who dont believe in love marriage are sexist and misogynist as fuck and overall pretty damn regressive. There are lots of homophobic people too. We had a class where we could give presentation on any topic and I gave a presentation on LGBT rights in India and I could see around half of the people were uncomfortable and few disagreed with me that they should be given equal rights. THE FUCK Wouldnt or rather shouldnt the youth have more modern liberal thoughts. I am not saying everyone in youth is this closeminded but way too many are than I expected. Why do you guys think this is. The China Truth Why the Chinese dislike people from India. [Serious] Need career guidance for someone I know who would like to join a B. Sc. course: My neighbour got a rank of 5k in the JEEMains and will be writing JEE Advanced this month. He also got a 730 AIR in KVPY and has a 99 percentile in his board exam. He doesnt want to join engineering and is interested in going for a B. Sc. degree and later into research. His favourite subjects are Physics and Chemistry. He isnt very strong in Mathematics but his proficiency in High School physics and Chemistry is pretty damn impressive 98 marks in JEEMains in Physics and 102 in Chemistry Can any B. Sc. graduates guide me so that I can help him Is there any government colleges he can apply for Location is not an issue. His parents are willing to send him anywhere in the country not abroad though Im an unemployed engineering graduate so I know nothing.. If you want to bitch about your career please watch this first.: Sometimes it helps getting your problems into perspective. The Wire did an amazing 10 minute report on garbage collectors. They are contract workers who recently had almost no real benefits but even today their average life expectancy is just 45 years. Please watch and see [why]https//www.youtube.com/watchvLk3Wu5qK0. Keep these men in mind and count yourself lucky to be where you are. . [R] Hosting a party for my Indian Teacher this Friday what kind of stuff should I do for her: Hello all First post here. My Computer Programming teacher is Indian and always tells us stories and experiences from India and this week is teacher appreciation week. I am trying to plan something for her but Im not sure what direction to head in as I do not know much about Indian culture. As of now I was thinking I could bring in ingredients for some type of Indian food which we could make together with her in class only 5 students so its possible. I am not too sure honestly so if you have any ideas of what I could do for her this Friday then that would be amazing. A little about her She is around 40 years old married and has children. She has been a teacher for around 13 years and has great moral values. She eats some type of Indian food nearly every day and brings us food sometimes as well. She is vegetarian of course and is really laid back with our class because we always do our work and pass our exams so we can do some fun stuff but nothing too overboard. P.S. I am in 12th grade Thanks.. My life is about to collapse and I cant feel a thing: I have spent the better part of the last 7 years or so thoroughly and systematically destroying my life and its finally about to catch up to me. Im about to graduate in just over a month. I have literally no idea whatll happen next. Not in a Bohemian whoknowswherelifewilltakemenext way I have absolutely nowhere to go and nothing to do. I dont have a job. Probably because of my stellar 4pointsomething GPA are you proud of me now dad. Probably because of my total lack of interest in acquiring any skills. Probably because of my apathy towards everyone and everything including and specially myself. Im not delusional I can process the fact that without any means to support myself I am going to be unable to survive. I just cant give a shit about it. A part of me is actually looking forward to all of it. Ive hated myself for a very long time and I sometimes get little bursts of selfdirected schadenfreude whenever I think about what a mess my life is. Sort of like when you wake up late for something important one morning and for a second you get angry about it and feel the urge to spoil the remaining day just out of spite towards yourself. I should probably see a shrink I know but it wouldnt really help. I visited one a few years ago and promptly received a neatlypackaged diagnosis of Moderate to severe depression Im sure making me stare at ink blots was more conclusive than the fact that Id attempted suicide a month before but hey whatever makes shrinks feel prescient. Ive talked and talked and talked and then fucking talked some more to myself about this tried to feel somethinganything but theres just...nothing. I worry about my immediate family sometimes. For some inexplicable reason they still love me. Probably not that inexplicable actuallytheyre labouring under the delusion that Im a placid happy 22year old with comfortably unremarkable academic scores and a bright future. Of all that Ive done and trust me Im petty selfish and an allround horrible person the only thing I feel shamereal acute painful shamefor is lying to them about my life. Im sure theyll be devastated by what Ive done by what Im about to do. I dont feel much shame about that I know Im going to hurt them but I dont want to tell them and then watch them suffer in my stead. I take a little bit of comfort in knowing that apart from the 3 of them nobody else will be affected in any way by anything I do. I have no idea why I wrote all this here. I lurk here sometimes and I just...I dunno I just wanted to leave something behind. . [R] Just came across this on r/mapporn . Cant judge if I should laugh or fume.: As usual with Reddit the real joke is in the comments. https//np.reddit.com/r/MapPorn/comments/63is1m/literallytranslatingindiasstatenames/ Tells a lot about how India is seen/projected in the west.. Career advice. Joining Merchant Navy: I have given my 12th examination and I am confused on what I should be doing next. I had earlier thought of finishing IT or CSE engineering and getting into army or any other armed forces. IIRC I read somewhere that engineers have different job roles Can I get into merchant navy after completing my engineering from a non maritine Institute What are the opportunities for me I am interested in computers and stuff and I also want to join merchant navy and similar. Please help a brother out . Whats up with r/Indiaspeaks: [removed]. How to meet interesting people and visit interesting places and do interesting things [Serious]: [deleted]. How to meet interesting people and visit interesting ppl and do interesting things [Serious]: [deleted]. Why are news sources avoiding referring to Hindu extremists as terrorists: How are Hindu extremists enforcing their warped and strict views of a religion any different from Islamic terrorists doing the same. [R] U are with NaMo: [removed]. 20 years of abuse and being bullied and depression coming out of it slowly.: So I posted this as a comment on the depraved thread. It isnt visible for some reason mostly because of the throwaway. My psych has recommended me to post it to any online forum of my choice so that I get it out of my system. I never stood up for myself for being bullied never got help for myself either. 20 years of being bullied because of my caste my body my brains my social behaviour 20 years of being in depression 20 years of being myself hasnt helped me at all. Im a TamBrahm. Not at all from a well to do family. Father works for TN state govt as a doc mother is a doc turned housewife. No pvt practice for them. Transfers every 3 years because father cant cough up money to avoid transfers. Both got royally fucked by their own siblings to inherit a measely sum of money. We still dont own a house still live in rent with no place to go. Heres how Ive been bullied Sexually molested by guys from my 6th std to 12th std because ambi is a weakling who wont tell it out to anyone. This happened in the southern districts of TN. It started from ass hole exploration to pinning me on the cricket grounds so that they strip me naked and violate my asshole with the bat handle also dick slapping and ball whipping. Due to this Ive had permanent anal fissures and hemorrhoids. Related to the above been harassed by guys for not having a big enough penis. I accept that I have a 4 cut one. I accept that different people have different sizes and size isnt the only thing but whenever I tried to explain it to my classmates school and college backed it up with science and research I was mocked at. nerd ambi was my nickname. No respect for science dunno whether to lol or feel sad for them. Both school and college college wtf I thought ppl would mature up at least now I was mocked and teased and degraded at cos I said thattu alambittu varen instead of thattu kazhuvittu varen and athimber mami instead of mama athai and so many more trivial linguistic differences. Trying to explain to them rationally would invariably end up with me being termed as the boring person and left alone. In college I have been stripped to my underwear by my classmates in a playful way during my first year in front of my entire ECE batch because I was the only one who wore a veshti/dhoti on a cultural event in our college. Whats ironic is that these same guys wore the dhoti from the next year onwards and flaunted it around. When I confronted them was given the answer if you alone wear it youre showing off dude so we have to put you down else youll get all the girls. So much for trying to have a good time in a cultural event. Related to above my pics were taken. My nude pics were also taken that evening when I was bathing in the hostel. These were circulated around my entire class and I was naively minding my own business unaware of it. I came to know about it 2 months later. Turns out they had been spreading rumours that I was a closet shemale. Crushed my confidence and self esteem so much. Even the girls were unforgiving giggling around all the time whenever I was around and making SPH jokes behind my back saying I dont belong to either gender and much more. My classmates never considered me as a normal guy because I dont want to drink or smoke . 4 years in college not once was I invited for an outing even though I asked them whether or not I could join them. This happened every week of college. They attributed this to my caste even though I have defended myself that unless it can be proven beneficial for me I wouldnt want to smoke/drink cos Im already perfectly healthy. My classmates in college called me a pussy in public all the time called me a girl and sometimes a tranny because I wasnt interested in riding two wheelers at high speeds because I was more interested in getting to know women rather than staying at a distace and gawking at them. My tastes in women is very selective hence Im weird and not a tamil guy. I have never been invited for treks and hikes because Im a TB. Im supposed to be something like a mushy plushy sort of person and not rugged enough to go for hikes. Ironically I experimented on myself by hiking and trekking alone without informing anyone just to see whether their statement was right or wrong and proves to be wrong. I love to trek and camp. Its been 4 years since college and I havent been invited to any place of getaway by my classmates even though theyve visited shimla goa pondi coorg as 24 day trips. When confronted I got the same answer that I dont smoke or drink. I wonder why youd need to smoke or drink to have a good time at all. And yes out of a class of 50 boys 37 go for these getaways 1me doesnt rest are doing/did their MS. My school days were too easy. I coasted by without having to study. I approached my principal to help me skip a few classes and join the senior people. Apparently I was showing off and was let go with a warning else Id be dismissed. In college I wasnt allowed to study by my classmates because studying isnt cool and that I shouldnt study if I wanted to mingle with them. Naive me didnt study in the hopes of migling with them. Turns out that according to them they just took out one competition in the relative grading process. I regret not studying because I took ECE specifically cos I liked the subject. Related to above my friends used my laptop for fb and one of them didnt logout and kept the messenger open and left my room. I looked through the messages got depressed to find out that they never once considered me as a friend. So much degradation even SPH would seem mild compared to casteist and personal remarks heck they made incestous comments too I stayed in my room for 3 days crying and was forced to come out because I didnt want to draw attention from faculty due to lack of attendance. I have been slapped and punched a lot in school because ambi will take all the pain. In college I have been invited to fist fights and been beaten up pushed around and what not in college to prove that brahmins are pussies. I regret not fighting back now even though my reasoning was that if I fight Id get expelled from college. College wasnt any different than school wrt girls. When I approached them to get to know them I was given a wild stare. Apparently the social norm is guy teases girl showing male chauvinism girl takes offence this continues for a while then they become friends. Dont even get me started on how to date TN girls. On top of this my nude pics and the rumour distanced them away from me. During college I thought I could gain better friends and I was ok with paying for the treats sometimes in the hopes that theyd at least consider me in their circle. But no apparently having two doctors as parents makes you a crorepati in TN. They wouldnt even listen to my explanation of my parents and their situation. Nope. On hindsight I find it so stupid and idiotic of me to have bothered with such people. I am 25 years now and I have a great memory of things from the age of 5 and flashes of before I was 5. 20 years of conscious memory is fully scarred and broken. Life so far has been worthless for me. Everyday I wish I could get better friends somehow who respect me for who I am even though Im completely different from them or might be completely boring in a conventional stereotypical sense. I am grateful for my parents and feel really ashamed that they had to give birth to a worthless person. I wish theyd gotten a better stronger less rational more wild and daring seeking fights who stands up for himself kind of son than the patient one like me. Patience has never been my virtue in my life. I just wish life would get better for me. To anyone depressed or abused or anything else at all please please please reach out to someone reach out to your parents friends anyone. The sooner you get help the better. Depression is just s disease which can be cured the scars can be healed and managed you can come out of this and have a happy life. I wish I had gotten help sooner. I will be deleting the account in a day or two. I hope my post helps someone in some way so that people stop bullying and caste discrimination and impart some proper manners into themselves and our future generations.. Joey for Reddit Android app optimized for r/india is now ad free:  [Google Play Link]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsido.o.joey Those who dont know about Joey excerpt from my[ last post on r/india]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5sjius/ivemadejoeyforredditanandroidclientfor/ gt Have you ever wanted to relax on weekend and read only entertainment or non political posts at r/india Or kill time on lazy weekday by reading askindia posts gt gt Now you can do that with Joey. gt gt You can browse the posts topic wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/hWJiZyS.png. gt gt Do you get lost among the deeply nested comment threads that are generated on askindia posts gt You can now See all the ancestors of a comment with the siblings of ancestor comments collapsed.[See Pic]http//i.imgur.com/zNBLLdi.png. [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvzYMbRg8BKvI. gt Many new features have been added since first release Text to speech Comment streaming for match threads Reader view for articles GIF streaming Screen lock Many more You can see complete list of features [here]https//np.reddit.com/r/JoeyForReddit/comments/5wtw2k/welcomefirsttimevisitorseehowjoeyprovides/. If you have any suggestions please let me know.. With all this skin colour debate do we forego our freedom to choose : [removed]. Lawyers of India What is the state of the Law in India[R]: Hi all long time lurker. This is a question for all lawyers/ judges/ police in India. My question is this Obviously I know there is corruption in the justice system in our country but I want to know just how corrupt In absence of an external factorlike a wealthy party bribing the judge/police/lawyers are cases decided in an unbiased manner Or is it always a case of who gets to the judge/police first For example if I decide to bring a case against a person for violence against me or my family what can I expect On the flip side if I decide to bring a case against my landlord for nonpayment of the deposit amount all dues cleared how will it be treated I realize that the reality will probably be different for cities and villages so let me elaborate what will the situation be for cities like Mumbai Chennai Hyderabad Bangalore Lastly what sort of legal fees is generally considered the norm. An Uber Pool Incident Did I do the right thing : At around 11pm I booked an Uber Pool while returning to my home. I sat in the front seat of as app was showing another passenger is coming. Two boys came and sat in the back seat. Then another passenger a girl came. The driver said to me Sir ladies go to the back seat I shifted to the back seat. Upon entering in the car girl was on the phone telling her dad that she had imported beers today. First the two boys got down. Next it was my turn to get down. But upon reaching a location girl said Bhaiya you stop here only I will get down . DriverD No madam first the other passenger has to get down only then you can get down Me Why she cant get down here The money is already decided as its pool D No its the rule whomevers drop the app is showing I will drop them first Me But her place is here only why she has to travel and come to this point where we are now D Sir if she wants to get down you also get down I thought of getting down but then thought maybe she will think I am doing too much without she asking for help. Also how could she trust me as I was also a stranger to her Me Why should I get down D Its the rules Me Ok drop me first then her Then driver dropped me . When he stopped at my place I asked the girl if she is okay and that I can drop her to her place if she likes. She said no shes okay. While I was talking to her Driver interjected Aap nikalo gaadi se hogya aapka bahut I said I am not talking to you He said get down. So i had to. Now I want to ask did I do the right thing in getting involved in all this and offering a girl to give her a ride back home She was of course drunk and 2021 yo. Driver also looked bit drunk and was rude as trash unlike any uber driver I have encountered. I have reported this to Uber tho lets see if they do anything about it. I hope shes safe. EDIT Response From Uber Hi This is Sunita from the Incident Response Team at Uber Im so sorry to hear about this. Uber has a zero tolerance policy for drinking or substance use while driving on the Uber platform. I have followed up with your driver about this and also appropriate action has been taken. Having said that I hope that you did reach your destination safely. We are committed to partnering with drivers who will get you to your destination safely. In cases like these money doesnt mean much its the sheer inconvenience that leaves an everlasting bad impression. Ive added Uber credits for this trip which will be reflecting in the payments method in your Uber application. We take issues like this extremely seriously and we want you to be confident that when you request your ride through Uber that your driver will be truly professional. I appreciate you taking the time to bring this to our attention. Please let me know if you have any other concerns or if there is anything else I can do for you. We will do our best to make your next experience better. Hope to see you in an Uber soon Best Sunita. . [R]I dont think there are any Indian expatriates in North Korea. Tried to book a ticket through IRCTC had some issues. Please advise.: So everything was going fine till I was on my banks payment page. I requested OTP. It was taking some time. To pass the time while I waited I started watching a video on YouTube and then forgot about it. After a while must have been 510 minutes I went back to the page and checked my phone again. No OTP was sent. So rerequested OTP from the same payment page. This time the OTP did show up on my phone. I entered the OTP and the payment was done the fare has been deducted from my bank account. BUT the ticket was not booked. I checked my booked ticket history. Nothing there. Will they refund me the money later Should I book another ticket Is there a possibility that the ticket I was trying to book will get booked sometime later I dont want to end up with an extra ticket. It has been 6 hours since all this happened. Please advise. This is my first time booking a ticket on IRCTC.. 10 Legendary Facts About Elephant God Ganesha Vinayaka. What is the sickest and most depraved thing you have ever done [NP] [Serious] [Throwaway encouraged]. Delhi school tells rape survivor not to attend classes as she brings bad name. [R] 18 and balding: [removed]. [Rant]Indians see history only as grade boosters and not as an introspection.: To middle class Indians history is nothing but a subject that boosts your overall grades. Years of struggle is disregarded as merely points in a chapter. From the unfairness of the MintoMorley reforms to the execution of the Tsar in Russia human history is that of struggle between progressiveness and conservatism perhaps ironically Im also simplifying history. This is a tragedy for a country that probably has a very complicated history we probably learn some lines about some cultures but never bother to think about it. Society must look forward they told me. History is nothing but a bulk they say. Then why is it that we dont look forward and are so backward then Why do we scribble on the walls of our most important historical monuments Why do we humiliate and defile the work done by our ancestors History is a very complicated subject. It shouldnt be read/study only for employment it exists to not to repeat the same mistakes done by humans. We study them record them for a reason. Yet we simple mug them up and disregard them. Taking your religious mantras with a higher precedence. We have a twisted view towards History we cherrypick the sweetest part of the cake and then blame the manager for its sourness We blame the Congress party for her socialist policies but we never thought of it why it exists in the first place Did we forget a good majority of Indians were disgusted by the capitalist polices of the British empire or the success of planned based socialism in USSR We blame the Communist government for the downfall of Bengal yet the culprit of its stagnation seems to be from the Freight Equalisation Policy by Gandhi who has been depriving her resources long before the commies took over im not saying Commies were any good/helped the economy though. Did we suddenly forget the riots/atrocities committed by the RSS the same RSS that said they do it for the good of the Hindus yet they supported the Empire Whos founder was a rationalist and was against cowworship yet the organisation became exact opposite of his vision Yet here we are. All in a full circle. We want to take an aggressive lets just be honest theres nothing passive about this aggression its downright violent action towards Kashmiris Never wondering why they are fighting against the INA Ever thought of a fact that maybe MAYBE they are fighting to at least stop the atrocities committed by the Indian Army Or the Naxalite movement its going to be a bumpy ride for me. As much as Im angry towards the cowards of the Naxal movement History has shown us time and time again that most Communist movements exists because of huge income inequality desire for [international communism]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worldcommunism [shitty economic policies]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ChineseCivilWarBackground true for the Naxalite movement [governments negligence towards its people]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1905RussianRevolution true for the Naxalite movement Naxalite exists for the poor people who for them the current gormint has done nothing for them.Whether its good for the people or bad is totally debatable. [But as I read more about the movement]http//www.hindustantimes.com/india/historyofnaxalism/story4f1rZukARGYn3qHOqDMEbM.html I kinda realised that reasons for the movement were basically consists of the points 3 and 4. Maoist sympathisers claim that Indian Constitution ratified colonial policy and made the state custodian of tribal homelands turning tribal populations into squatters on their own land and denied them their traditional rights to forest produce. But of course our gormint is the behst They work on the interest of the [majorities]http//www.kaieteurnewsonline.com/2009/06/22/majorityruleisantidemocraticphilosophicallyflawedandinconsistentwithsociety/. Ours is a democracy right We can never make any mistakes right /s We have to stop this black and white view of the society or history or anything in general. Pure science without any meaningful context of why we do it means Audrey Huxleys [Brave New World]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BraveNewWorld is totally rational society and we should totally look forward to it. Context is important. Perhaps the most vital value of any form of thinking is context. You cannot make any ideas out of thin air without context hence its value is crucially important. And same goes for our position in our society. Unfortunately for us we disregard context of any kind. gtMen make their own history but they do not make it as they please they do not make it under selfselected circumstances but under circumstances existing already given and transmitted from the past. Marx[The 18th Brumaire of Louis Bonaparte]https//www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1852/18thbrumaire/ inb4 anybody accuses me of communism Im not a communist nor a marxist. Cant a guy just have a diverse reading list. [ELI5] The Naxal Movement.: [deleted]. [OPINION] What Indians should know about war before demanding a military crackdown in Kashmir Chhattisgarh. Definite Decline in Corruption 3 States in South India the Worst Says Study. Can we discuss on improving AMAs given how some of them ended up being disastrous: Recently we have seen some big names on ama on r/India and I wonder if we can improve on some fronts. What are your suggestions. [ShowerThought] Can Bigger bully Raj TMNS can straighten fake/smaller bullys AGNation wants to knowNationalist JaiHind: [deleted]. Lol all of you belong on i am very smart. THIS SUBREDDIT IS A SHITHOLE BUT THERES A BETTER ALTERNATIVE: [removed]. UPSC 2018/2019 aspirants Need help here.: Look guys it would be really great if you guys can help me out with the ABCs of preparation. I dont plan on going to classes as most of relatives whove cracked the civil service exams have done so without any coaching. And Ive done well in Mock tests conducted in my college. Im 20 and I am going to finish my degree in ECE in a couple of months. I join work only by November so Ill be at home for a while. So I can get a few things locked and loaded. . News articles on Arnab Goswamis AMA: Dailyo.in http//www.dailyo.in/variety/arnabgoswamirepublictvreddit/story/1/16883.html Firstpost http//www.firstpost.com/india/arnanbgoswamionredditamajournalistsneedtosettheagendaforpoliticians3409186.html Scroll.in https//scroll.in/article/835842/proudofallmybackersarnabgoswamiwhenaskedaboutbjpinfluenceinnewventure Funnily the people who wrote the scroll.in article appear to have bestowed upon Arnabda some downdoots http//i.imgur.com/tTlRXwW.png Im happy with the dailyo.in article because it doesnt hesitate to call a spade a spade Arnab really didnt answer the questions. Some of his answers were okay some lacking but in general he flitted over many of the questions asked. . So umm...You just have to get that gold medal and scholarship in engineering. Sigh.: [deleted]. Lomg: [deleted]. r/India I need your advice and help JEE Main 2017 result was declared today and CBSE did not award bonus marks to a question with no correct options.: [This]http//imgur.com/WzxSRa7 is the question and along with my worked out solution. This is a question from the Physics section of the computer based test held on 9th April 2017. [Link]http//jeemain.nic.in/webinfo/PDF/01SetIXPhysicsEH9.pdf to question paper on the official site it is the 30th question. You will notice that none of the given options are correct if my solution is correct. According to the answer key [link]https//www.resonance.ac.in/answerkeysolutions/JEEMain/2017/answerkey/jeemain2017onlineCBTAnswerKey09042017v1.pdf published by the coaching institute Resonance Im not mistaken. This particular question is listed as the 8th question in Resonances question paper [link]https//www.resonance.ac.in/answerkeysolutions/JEEMain/2017/answerkey/jeemain2017onlineCBTpaperDt09042017.pdf to which their answer key correspond. For people who are unaware the questions in the computer based tests are given in different random orders to different student CBSE published the answer key on 18th April according to which the correct answer is 0.1 cm 2nd option. CBSE allowed students to challenge the answer keys during 1822 April with a fee of Rs. 1000 per question which was to be refunded in case of a successful appeal. [Link]http//jeemain.nic.in/WebInfo/Handler/FileHandler.ashxiFileampii75ampiiiY. I did challenge this particular question and paid the due fees. However no bonus marks were awarded for this question. This makes a big difference in rankings because the JEE Main exam was conducted on 3 different question papers. The pen and paper based exam was held on 2th April and two computer based tests were held on 8th and 9th of April. The bonus marks for this question if awarded will be done so only to the people who appeared on 9th of April. I secured a rank of 16K. The bonus 4 marks can make a difference of 10002000 ranks which is big deal. Furthermore I and all the other students who have challenged this particular question deserve to be refunded the Rs 1000 fee. r/India what should I do now Please advise. If you can verify my solution it will be highly appreciated. If you know anyone who can verify it kindly direct them to this post. Please upvote this post for visibility. Thanks for all the help.. Thanks r/india for a conducting a stage managed AMA session.: [deleted]. [R] Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Bats For The LGBT Community[old]. This man from Mumbai gave up his successful business to take up Natural Farming: [deleted]. Confused Not Conservative. Emirates accused of racism by Baahubali producer Shobu Yarlagadda. Bahubali 2 Baahubali producer accuses Emirates airlines of racism: [deleted]. Have you figured out what is the meaning of your life If yes what is it: Edit Thanks everyone for your comments. What is the meaning of your life [AskReddit]: [removed]. Free people of r/India take this Lynda membership and learn something new: [deleted]. A bridge too far Why imposing Hindi on all threatens more than just Indias diversity. How to sta[R]t a B2B business in India: Hi guys I want to start a B2B apparel business. On the internet you only read about how to market your B2B business or you can only read about how do you market your B2C brand. If any of you is doing a B2B business already or knows how can I learn more lets discuss yo. A beginners guide to Natural Farming from an NRI couple who returned to India to follow their dream. My first attempt at Hindi Kavita:  . What is the smallest thing I can do to make India more like the USA [R]: Sorry for the clickbait title. What I meant was I want to bring about a change in India but I dont want to enter politics or take help of the government. I already do some stuff like reporting traffic rule violations to the Traffic Police educating people who throw garbage on road etc. But that is not enough. People will listen to me maybe feel proud and stop littering for that instance and the next day they are going to litter like they own the place. As a student I want to bring about maximum change by involving minimum government/government officials. I dont mind spending money to bring about this change if it really helps. What do you think I can do My areas of interest are lawandorder cleanliness and public discipline. I have about 3 months of summer break so I can dedicate 1213 hours a day.. Manifesto for a liberal Hindu Its time for secular Hindus to say Garv se kaho hum liberal hain[r]. [R]/India how do i get to 1.6lpm : Pretty simple question. Just how . What is your opinion about NDTV and recent launch of the book NDTV Frauds: [removed]. H1B whistleblower Tho Negri on how lottery salaries are gamed by outsourcing giants. In public interest There is a website out there that is scraping the posts of anyone who posts here and rehosts it there: http//indiatodaynews.org/category So if you have any privacy concerns at all then let us or the admins of reddit know at /r/reddit.com so that a solution is found. . [Announcement] AMA with Arnab Goswami on 27th April 4pm: Verification https//twitter.com/republic/status/856879360074145792 Date Time 27th April 4pm IST Note this is just an announcement the actual AMA will posted at the earlier date and time. Please direct your questions to that thread. Edit The AMA is delayed by 15 minutes as Arnab is slightly caught up. Edit 2 The AMA is now live https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/67us0c/thisisarnabgoswamiiamhereaspromisedask/. Where states stand in health [India]. Where would Apple IBM be if not for talent from across globe RBI Governor. How much do H1B workers really earn Firstpost Facebook Live April 25 8 am IST. Wanted to share brought myself a teeshirt with r/place image printed on front and team name r/india printed on back: [deleted]. Advice on VendorClient issues: Throwaway account. Signed up with a client on a work for hire outsourcing agreement to migrate his old web product to something newer. UI/UX was done by a different team they have since left the project. Five months later Ive collected the bulk of whats owed but the guy has become fairly rude. He summons my team and I to his office every other day goes on about how there are issues with the product backstory he arbitrarily had a nervous breakdown and asked us to launch the product one evening. His team was too afraid to say anything to him we warned him that we should test things out some more. Ultimately we did it because he seemed suicidal. Unit tests automated tests acceptance tests etc. are all working. Every now and then some edge cases show up which are because of bad data in the database for which many backend form validations were purposely omitted at his request. At this point I am not interested in dealing with this guy any longer. I tried broaching the subject of signing off acceptance of the product but he went on some absurd tirade about how nothing is working. His product is generating about 1.2L per month in revenues at this stage with little to no marketing effort. He also has a separate offline business model which uses the web product as well via a tweaked user auth system for offline business users. As such I am not sure where the gap is in expectations versus what has been delivered. Granted a few edge cases issues spring up from time to time but they are resolved the same day run through CI and moved to production. I am unsure of what more I should be doing ethically since we are a vendor and we have burned all of the time we planned on spending for the project. My contract specifies that either party can terminate the agreement within 30 days and in the case of doing so all work product is to be handed over and smooth coordination with a new vendor is to be facilitated. The trouble is when we try to explain things to the new vendor theres a high chance they will realize this is a huge mess dealing with this guys ideas and not take the project thus leaving us still in custody of the project. What are the best ways to make a clean break out of this situation The CEO is not a stable person and dealing with him is stressful as a result. Legally do I have any exposure for leaving a project with 5 incomplete because he has asked for a pause on developing those features Given that he has paid 90 of the cost is there any situation in which we can be held liable for it We have mails from him listing out the pending features at the time of paying us each milestone. I assume this is sufficient to prove that the work was delivered Am I liable for his inconveniences incurred as a result of having to find a new vendor We built his product in react universal coupled with a custom built api. If hes unable to find vendors with the expertise to take over what are my legal obligations in such cases I dont mind having the team fix stray edge cases every now and then but I am not in favor of developing new features or developing the last remaining feature that was put on hold because I suspect he will use it to tie us down indefinitely. The project also has large amounts of data associated with it which he had committed to manually entering via his team. He frequently demands that we script out human errors via fuzzy matching and other techniques that we once introduced him to as a courtesy. Our contract makes clear the following 1 work for hire 2 milestone based payments upon delivery of feature sets 3 fixed man hour estimate no overtime no weekends he has ignored abiding by this and demanded timelines notwithstanding 4 no mention of indemnification for issues no mention of liability for the same product is created asis with no warranty. Does anyone with experience dealing with these types of people or situations have any advice in the Indian context Thanks in advance.. Kerala to sell liquor through shopping malls to skirt SC ban. What Do Indians Really Think About Their Space Program Hot Topic in UKs University [R]: Hello everyone I am a student from University of Sheffield United Kingdom doing works on the ethical engineering related subjects around the world. Surprisingly the topic revolving around Indias space program is deemed to be indeed controversial hot. We would love to get feedbacks from actual Indians. What do you guys really think about your space program Is it a waste Is it a national pride Heres the link to that discussion https//prestudentconversation.wordpress.com/2017/04/07/indianspaceexplorationwhatistheretogain/commentpage1/comment2116 It would be better if you guys comment directly on the page. So that everyone in the university could see you train of thoughts. Thank you. . [Showerthought] Middleclass Indian consciousness is based on the premise that others are given more than them and that it needs to be taken away from them. Be it rich people or underprivileged people.: CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE.. Earth ka kuch karo yaar warna unearth hojayega: hue hue hue.... Facebook par dekha yeh joke.. Hello people. Im new: [removed]. NRIs and [R]andians alike can you please peruse through my plan and crossquestion my approach: [deleted]. [R][ShowerThought] India is to China what France is to Germany: From a distance there seem to be a lot of similarities in this comparison. Germany is rigid organized methodical to the point of being a machine. France is more of a laid back culture more interested in enjoying life than aiming for superiority. India and China seem to fit that description too.. Should Esperanto be promoted in India instead of English: [deleted]. Aadhaar data leak in Jharkhand raises doubts again Here are the details. [META] Fuck the mods and fuck /u/Fluttershyqtest.: [removed]. BabriRam Mandir row Muslim Kar Sevaks Manch members campaign for Ram Mandir construction arrive in Ayodhya with bricks: [deleted]. Looking for a blood Group O Liver donation. Did you know the liver grows back in 34 weeks [NP]: Hi r/India Im actively on the look out for blood group O liver donor for my loving funny and typical middle class 56y father. We are in a Gurgaon hospital. If you or someone you know may be in a position to donate or help please PM me for contact details. Edit As illegal as this is going to end up sounding but Im borderline desperate if your helper or anyone is willing at exchange of anything would like to discuss. GoI rules are weird around this I know. Please dont take me to town with this. . What to do in this situation: [deleted]. Cruelty and Cowardice in Kashmir: [deleted]. You are PM of India.How do you tackle issue of poverty. [R]Tomorrow is Earth Day What are you going to do about it : Hi Indians There is widespread agreement within the scientific community that the single biggest issues facing the earth today is climate change. While we have known this for a while and most of us accept that climate change is real we almost never do anything about it. Infact we choose to ignore all the wisdom and do not want to give away our addiction to nonrenewable resources. We keep our engines running on traffic signals and keep the water running while we brush our teeth. We support afforestation and in our minds we oppose deforestation but when governments give away forests for corporate interests we do nothing about it. The complains can go and on and on but lets spend less time complaining and more time doing something about the problem. To quote Carl Sagan The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else at least in the near future to which our species could migrate. Visit yes. Settle not yet. Like it or not for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand. Can we please come together on Earth day and pledge small changes in our lifestyles Comment on this thread about a small change that you would try your best to incorporate in your Daily life that can stop and reverse the affects of climate change. . Why being a techie in India is no longer cool: [deleted]. Lost all hope of ever loving or being loved by any man after being rejected by my crush.help: Hello everybody. So here goes my story. I have never been in a relationship not in school not even in college. I graduated college and was preparing for some exams for which i had joined some classes. That is when I[22F] met him[24M]. He was part of my class more like a TA. Initially my focus was all on the exam and I was just recovering from mild depression. We were a small batch and we got yoGther quickly. Wed sit and talk about career our lives the exametc with him. I slowly started falling for him. I tried to stop myself but then I couldnt. Me and him we started talking before class or after we texted a lot. Slowly I started to have feeling for him. I used to daydream about him his face his eyes his smile the conversations wed have the places wed go making food in his kitchen or him in mine. I also imagined us kissing making out what It would be like. Ive never kissed and have never been kissed. I think I saw some signals from him too. His voice the way he talks in a very carefree manner with me. Once I saw his face lit up when he saw me entering the class after a week long of not meeting each other. Months went by. My feelings for him just increased. We did not see each other since 2 months before the exam. But we did chat a lot. I would decrease my texting frequency so I dont seem desperate or anything. The exam was over. We both did okay. Not great. I plan to take another attempt at the exam this year. After the exam we never saw each other physically. But we did text here and there. I called him 3 or 4 times in the past 23 months the conversation would go nowhere and wed eventually tell the ok bye bye . Another 2 months later. Im in a new city got a job. Live alone. On a weekend I and my college friends had planned a trip. On the second night of the trip I couldnt hold in the feelings I had for him. Over the course of months i would have spent a minimum of 2 hours of my time everyday just daydreaming about us what we could be. With a job this daydreaming had also eaten up my study time and focus. So at 12 am on the second night I called him. I couldnt sleep the previous day. I couldnt sleep that day. Thoughts would pester me. So I took my phone and decided I need to know an answer from him. I went into the balcony. It was bloody cold like teeth clattering cold. And I dialled his no. Didnt think I just did. He lifted. I first was asking him about his triphe told me about his trip I told him about mine and how it was. Supposedly his friend was working things out with hisfriends girlfriends family. Blah blah. He asked me if there was anything important to talk like urgently. I said yes and I told him I had a huge crush on him dont know how it started but it was huge and has been for a long time. First he asked me if I was drunk.I said no I dont take huge decisions drunkNO. He asked me why say it now Why after so long not texted not met... Why did you want to say this now Did something trigger this. To this I blindly said I dont know It just reached a point where I couldnt hold it in. He said that its ok things like this happen anybody can like anybody else. After which he deviated the topic we talked about stuff our exams family. Then out of the blue he asks me where are you I told him the place. He asked me where EXACTLY are you I told him exactly. After that we abruptly ended the talk. He said hell give me an answer after the trip as he cant talk privately with his friends all around. 4 days after. He messages me he never had feelings for me. He is bad with emotions and took so much time to get comfortable telling it to me. He doesnt like me because he likes another girl called Sara. He said hes bad at telling this over phone. I insisted we talk. It came as a surprise to me slightly shocking too. I was very much expecting him to say yes specially after talking to him on trip and taking so much time. I went back home from office.Sat in the sunI was feeling cold in the terrace and cried. I cried that Ill forever be loveless. That no man would like me. What do I have Im not extremely beautiful dont have an extraordinary career. Nothing to vouch for. Why would any man like me. Ill forever feel lonely. I was tired emotionally mentally and physically so I slept. Got up in the night to his call. He asked if I was sleeping. I said yes but i got up. He asked whether we should talk tomorrow then and I said no. It has to be today. He told me he met Sara a friend of a friend in his final year in college during a fest. It has been 2 years since he has seen her but he has very huge feelings towards her. He doesnt know if she knows him or that he has feelings for her. But he was not able to tell her given his ineptitude with expressing his emotions. He said he knew Saras parents were searching for an alliance. He didnt know if she had moved onto some other guy in these 2 years. He said hed wait for another 5 years if he has to. I was just baffled. It all came to me like a hammer on my head. Is this really true How What Whyyyy... Despite my shock I told him to emotionally open up its important for any relationship. I asked him how can he wait soo long without an answer I couldnt myself hold on after having a crush on him for 6 months We laughed to that. He said yes it sounds naive but thats how he feels he cant help it. I asked him more about her. Sara is a doctor. Came to his college for a conference in the final year. Thats where he met. He mainly said he was looking for a long term relationship. He was a christianI didnt know and he would choose his girl to be a christian so its no trouble later on with his family parents etc. He was focusing on his career so he must be careful about the woman he choses because that would affect him personally. The call ended amicably. Me pretending Im ok although I couldnt and I still dont understand what is going on with me Its been a day. I am just not able to process this. I sometimes think he lied to save me the pain He lied to distract me so we could focus on our career I dont know In the end it could be true. Whatever he said. I am just devastated. And today when I went to office I started to be good with the colleague i earlier had a light crush on but pushed it away as I knew I already like another guy not the colleague. I started to feel butterflies over the possibility of me and my colleague together. SHIT WHATS WRONG WITH ME How can I switch like this On the trip back home I still think about him and what we talked the previous night I thought about Sara and him. I came back and cried again. I am not able to process this What else do I have to live for What do I hold onto Please help. Anybody if you can please help. tldr Had a huge crush on a guy for over 6 months. He gave me signals as I percieved it. Suddenly I couldnt hold it in called him and told him I had a crush on him. He rejected me saying he likes another woman. I am not able to accept the whole situation. I am emotionally hurt.. [R] India Names New Territories.. Help me boost my confidence.: Im having a seriously shitty anxiety attack barely able to eat anything feeling like throwing up the only food I eat and a continuous burning sensation in my stomach firing up every minute is pulling me back from this one thing which I know I cannot escape. My farewell speech in School. I have always been a blockhead when it comes to speaking and just thinking of it right now has my legs shaking. I do not need help in constructing my speech but I only want to get rid of this nervousness and calm myself. Please. PLEASE. Music helped me but that isnt working right now. Ive spoken only like 56 times since class 8th till 12th. Oral vivas in English had me puke my dinner out early in the morning because of anxiety. Please help me calm myself. One thing I have noticed is that I torture myself like this before speaking and when I actually speak I no more feel nervous at all. HELP. I only have 5 hours.. TIL Lakme is an Indian brand of cosmetics which is named after french form of Lakshmi.: [Lakme Cosmetics]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LakmC3A9Cosmetics. Fry day.: Rushed to work to send my manager a One page profile for a new client. They have stringent demands for the picture. Dressed up in formals and asking people around to take a pic. Boy was it awkward. Also i really need to start exercising as you can see the chub on my face. What is your Friday like so far . Indians what is your reaction to the new Paris attacks. How will augmented reality/virtual reality impact india: [deleted]. [Old]Gandhis experiment with Islam and why it failed. [NP] Offensive WhatsApp posts can now land group administrator in jail The Economic Times. Lost all hope of ever loving or being loved by any man after being rejected by my crush.help: [removed]. Crisis of Faith The nightmarish struggle to bring Asaram to justice. We Exist Inside Indias Secretive Gay Nightlife Scene: [deleted]. A big trouble. Need suggestions: I have resigned from my current employer and serving notice period. My future employer is also a vendor of the current client with whom I am working in the present organization. After my resignation my current employer asked me that you cannot join them as they are also the vendor of the client otherwise it will be a legal issue. May I know does such contracts are agreed. I mean has any one faced such scenario It is logical that I should not join the same client same client project in other vendor but completely banning the other vendor is not possible. What could happen if I join the vendor for some different project/Client. Cannot sleep thanks to Ambedkar Jayanti celebrations since two nights. Its 3.30 and the police just hung up asking me to adjust: Sonu Nigam I hear ya loud n clear. Along with the cracked male voice that has been emotionally crooning into the mic from morning till 4 AM today according to the police. And nope they cannot request them to lower it cuz riots. For the record Im not particularly religious respect peoples rights to their beliefs/ lack thereof so long as they dont cross basic human decency. When are we gonna grow up. Transgenders of India what can we do for you: Its 2017. 20fucking17 And it is absolutely disgusting to see the plight of fellow humans for no fault or error of their own. Weve treated you worse than animals. Name a persecuted groupDalits Muslims Slaves Women Animals Plants Insects things and weve treated you far worse than that and yet there is NO OUTRAGE. NO RESERVATION. Guess you guys do not form a large enough vote bank. At no point in my life have I blamed transgenders for misbehaving with people on trains. I for one am not sure if I wouldnt have gone around harassing people if my community/sex/race was subjected to generations of such illtreatment. I was wondering if I could do something for your community. I do not have a massive plan as of now. But the initial idea is to build a JOB PORTAL exclusively for transgenders. Ill then have to get societyresponsible companies to sign up to this portal. etc..the idea will eventually evolve over time. What do you think Would love to hear your input. Anything else that you would like to be built centered around your community Any other piece of advice for people dealing with transgenders P.S. People who think they can do this job better than me are welcome to go ahead and build the project. It was gonna be notforprofit anyway. P.P.S. Felt weird typing transgenders again and again. Felt like diminishing everything about you to your gender. Is it offensive to you Can you suggest another word. Odisha A State Of Great Cooks And Lesser Known Cuisine [r]. Lipstick Under My Burkha Is the MuchNeeded Conversation India Refused to Have. [R] Depression and the road to a r/HappierIndia: Depression is very real. It is not a state of mind it is not a phase it is not something you grow out of. It is something that keeps [56 million]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/75indianssufferfrommentaldisorderswhoreport/articleshow/57344807.cms of our very own people tied to their beds or unable to find happiness daytoday or be the best that they can be. Would it mean anything to be a global leader or a superpower if I told you maybe your best friend hasnt been happy in years Maybe your colleague who is about to be laidoff is not a bad employee he/she just hasnt known what it means to simply fall asleep at night and not be haunted by the demons they cant point to but are more real to them than you are. In a society that revolves around oneupping and deflecting blames for a person to seek help for a personal stigma is not easy all the time. Nor is it easy to help someone who might need it. Maybe World Health Organization got their numbers wrong I have no way of verifying or falsifying their numbers. But what I do know is when there is a channel for people to seek help and provide it our people step up. I started r/HappierIndia in the hopes that if even one person finds the sub and reaches out to me Ill make it my mission to do whatever I can in my power to help them climb out of a painfully familiar bottomless pit. But I have been humbled by the overwhelming support and encouragement I have seen in the past week. People who thanked me for simply creating the sub mods from different subs offering to help in any way they can people who reached out for help people who stepped up and invested their own time to maybe make someones day a tiny bit better than yesterday. Thank you for making me realize that our capacity for goodness even anonymous is just as real as depression and that is exactly what r/HappierIndia is going to build upon from now on. Were here to help lets talk . New Zealand tightens immigration rules in Kiwifirst crackdown. Mandal Commission: Hi everyone Im an undergraduate at the University of Warwick and Im currently writing an essay on the extent to which the Mandal Commission by extending reservations to OBCs benefited the backward castes of India if at all. Since this is such a contemporary event though I figured that there a lot of people alive today who have been affected by it. With this in mind Id really love to chat to people who have been affected by the reservations whether it be in the bureaucracy in parliament or in state legislatures. So if you have been affected by it or know anyone else that has been then please get in touch. Thanks. confused what should i do....relationship drama: [removed]. Theres An Army Of Indian Twitter Accounts Pushing Suspiciously Identical ProMining Tweets. [R] Im going to take a long walk tonight and plan to come home after 5 AM. Will I be caught by the police for suspicion: Im 19 years old male and live in Bangalore. Two days ago when I was coming from my friends house at 9 PM no one was there at home. I didnt know where to go so I just started walking a long walk somewhere till I got lost listening to music then I used Google maps to come home at 1 AM. Next day I realised how much I loved it the weather was cool and just all by myself listening to music thinking random things and just being happy and having a very good sleep since a long time.So Im planning to do it again tonight. I have charged my phone fully might be getting a bagpack with water and planning to leave home at 9 or 10 PM Ive set the route planned and will be walking for around 15kms total. I think Ive walked longer distances but not during the night.But my biggest concern is what my friend told me after I told this to him he told the police might catch me in the night. I dont know if there is a curfew of something in Bangalore can someone advice me on this . Edit Well.. Its 10 PM and my plan is scrapped. I really wanted to do this and I wanted to see what you guys had to say. I was scared only about the police thing and had not thought much about it at all.After reading your advices/opinions I dont want to get into unwanted trouble.Thanks a lot for all you guys who responded. . Anushka Sharma Shared This Sensible Message And We All Agree With Her. Fuck Jee Mains it is depressing the shit out of me now [NP]: Today the goddamm answer key is released and my hands are shaking only to find that I may miss the cutoff. I was so elated when I told my parents atleast 140 was expected and I may end up in a decent college but now the gore I saw on my omr sheet that once looked so well when the predicted answer key was out and most answers matched. How do I survive this shit how can I shut out the world and cry peacefully. I dont have suicidal thoughts but all of my 2 years for this. All I want to study is CS thats the only thing of interest perhaps my only interest for engineering field be it any average college. Ill sleep more today sigh... Edit Thanks for all the positive comments this time will pass I guess suggest me some way to ignore my overhyped friends to stop calling me. Where can I order/buy phone and laptop camera cover sliders: [deleted]. Where can I order/buy phone and laptop camera cover sliders: [removed]. [P] [Policy] [Serious] I think this banning of liquor needs to be taken head on First it was Bihar and Kerala then MP then Chattisgarh if we dont raise our voice now the government wont get the message.: Its not about the point that alcohol is good or not. My booze is my decision the government can tax all it want and try to curb it but banning it altogether Thats a first step towards controlling our life choices and we wont take that. Please sign this petition if you think the government is trying to control our life styles now theres a plethora of countries which have solved their problems and the government did not have to control the eating and drinking habits of the population in order to do that. https//www.change.org/p/peopleofmpgovttostopcontrollingpeoplenowstopliquorbaninmp Lets raise our voices because theres more to life than petty vote politics.. [R] Lets make a pinned post for all those who are new to r/india about our inside jokes so they can feel at home: [deleted]. ex muslims of r/india what made you leave your religion: [removed]. And by the way Mohammed did not have electricity when he made Islam.. Why do I have to have this cacophony after Edison: [removed]. Got this on Whatsapp: India is that wonderful country where Muslims worry about Hindu caste system Hindus fret about gender discrimination in Islam gayhating Christians weep for Dalits Dalits embrace Buddhism and Snapchat haters uninstall Snapdeal.. 10 Great People Who Did Evil Things: [deleted]. [R]oll Q1 Do you think the political discourse in India is full of BS Q2 Do you think a course about calling out BS in the University of Washington is relevant to India: [deleted]. [R] Amazon wont give you a replacement for a laptop if theres any issue with it even within 10 days of purchase. Amazon is no better than other online retailers for purchasing laptops.. How many articles do you Read on daily basis: On average how many articles do you read daily. I read about 20 full articles from worlds best Magazines/Newspapers publications. mostly The Economist MIT Tech Review https//futurism.com Aeon FT Barrons WSJ and lot more. Lets make a list of all specific city based Indian subreddits so that it can help both the subreddits and the respective r/India users by linking the two: Most of these subs right now are almost dead and full of advertisements. Listing them here can help them gain more visibility and in turn become better forums for discussion of city wide issues. Heres the ones I know r/Mumbai r/Bangalore r/Delhi r/ahmedabad r/kolkata r/pune r/chennai r/Hyderabad r/Jaipur Feel free to add more subs to this list. [Snapchat] The whole drama has been very revealing. The distance between our idea of where we are and where we actually are is huge and that worries me.: If people can get so outraged over a single comment about Indias poverty including many from the socalled middle class then that should worry you. It should worry you because people have been promised a dreamcastle India within a few years only. Modi has been pushing this more than any but the truth is that all politicians are to blame to some extent. Farm income was going to double. 15 lacs were going to come to everyones account. 2 crore jobs per year was going to be created. India was going to be a superpower and nobody was going to stop us. The reality is somewhat different. Yes theres progress but the road left is still very long ahead of us. When you fill peoples brains with delusions of grandeur and massive promises of wealth and power what happens when that illusion crashes as it inevitably must do when people dont see jobs farmers dont see their incomes go up 2X and India cant even get a seat at the UNSC. Its a dangerous situation. If the Snapchat drama has taught us anything then it is that the Indian electorate need to be told the truth and has to be brought down to earth. When people get their illusions shattered things can get out of control and someone has to be blamedinevitably the weakest in society for the fact that all these promises were not kept. . Lets make a list of all specific city based Indian subreddits so that it can help both the subreddits and the respective r/India users by linking the two: [removed]. How many cities have mosquito problem: Mosquitos are such a huge problem and we only have a bandaid solution in the form of repellants usable inside home. Its hard to take a walk outside in the evening when there are so many mosquitos to bite you. I am surprised that we still dont have a proper city wide solution for mosquitoes. How many cities in our country have this problem Can we do something to solve it . Im 23 amp just have Rs.4000 in savings. I quit my job at a startup last month. I have completed my engineering. I have no skills and lost in career and life. Im heading to GOA depressed and helpless with no plan. PLEASE HELP ME survive with your inputs.: I have completed my engineering but I have no real engineering skills or any other skills. Im just good at interacting with people. I have no idea what to do further in life. I have no support from home since I have a single working mother. I have head out to Goa India out of the blue to find my destiny. I dont know where to start. I just spent the last 1 hour crying the fuck out in train alone and depressed. I cant share this with any of my friends as well. Im totally lost and depressed.. [R][NP]Part rant My life is in utter mess I am a horrible person is there still any hope to make my life better: [removed]. AMA Announcement Shiv Aroor EditorinChief of Livefist a defense and strategic affairs blog Consulting Editor at India Today. April 17 Monday 7PM IST: Greetings /r/India We had to reschedule the AMA with Shiv Aroor. Shiv Aroor is Editor Output at India Today. A defense and military enthusiast he has reported on national security for over a decade and has just finished his first novel a work of fiction depicting an IndoPak border incident. In parallel he has been writing incisive and informative articles in his blog [Livefist]https//www.livefistdefence.com/. Livefist is a two time awardwinning site on Indian defence aerospace amp military affairs currently the worlds most visited quoted amp referenced new site on the subject. One of the pioneers of milblogging in the country Livefist is now a fullfledged news amp intelligent analysis resource. Date amp time April 17 Monday 7 PM IST. Verification https//pbs.twimg.com/media/C9YN1ahVwAAdFBm.jpglarge We would like to thank /u/bernardwoolley for his help in organizing this AMA. Please note that this is the announcement post not the actual AMA. Questions posted here will most likely be missed by the AMA guest. Please post your questions in the AMA thread when it gets posted by the AMA guest.. For Gudhi Padwa this year my friends amp I shot and edited this video montage of the Malad Shobha Yatra 2017. Heres how we welcome and celebrate the Hindu New Year.: Reposting because the last post was removed for not having an original title Wed love to hear your feedback about the video. The first part of the video is shot and directed by me to go with the song while the rest are actual visuals from the Shobha Yatra. It was insanely hot that day as summer has been frying Mumbai all this month but we still saw a considerable number of people come out and participate. Watch https//www.youtube.com/watchvR37EVexPGr4 . Show me an Indian and Ill show you a bigot: Earlier this week Abhay Deol actor spent some time compiling images of actors including Shahrukh Khan Sonam Kapoor and John Abraham who have modeled for fairness creams and made digs at them on Twitter. http//www.hindustantimes.com/bollywood/abhaydeoltriggersdebateonfairnessproductsadfilmmakersandactorsweighin/storyMn1LKKavk5AKCghMNK23YJ.html There have been far too many people equating the desire to have a lighter complexion with racism. Not everyone who wants to be fair is making the effort because of a racist temperament. The Europeans are also taller than us. Would it be racist on the part of a kid to aspire to be tall If it is acceptable to work towards being thin athletic tall reduce balding enhance virility have a better memory soften skin or grow longer hair or color it why should an effort to lighten ones complexion be demonized Besides if you expand the scope of racism youll find most of our fellow Indians are bigoted. Even the ones standing on their soapboxes and ranting all day. Look at all the pet owners whos hearts bleed for stray dogs and find out how many of them own any Indian breeds. Youll come across Facebook posts offering Indian breeds for adoption getting a cold response. Its far less common for anyone to put up a litter of non Indian breeds for adoption. Among the animal lovers though there are many who would rather pay anything from a few grand to a few lakhs to buy a specific breed they want because they love animals rather than adopt a neighborhood stray which is otherwise at great risk of being killed or tortured. The pedigree of a dog is a selling point. Adopting a street dog is far less common though youll always find dog lovers feeding them crumbs and leftovers. At the extreme end are people who get furry dogs imported from European countries where they are used to much cooler climates and keep them in air conditioned rooms in their homes simulating the weather the dogs are used to. If this isnt a form of racism what is How fair is it to shop for pets like youre shopping for a mobile phone while street dogs are getting killed Of course it is these pet owners who will be caring for their pups and have every right to choose it much like I have the right to aspire to be fair without having to put up with accusations of racism. Lets go further and delve into the families of everyone. If you browse matrimonial websites or even matrimonial ads in newspapers youll find most people are still dogmatic about marrying someone not just from their own religion but also from the same community and caste. A Hindu punjabi brahmin girl will be looking for a Hindu punjabi brahmin guy. Tamilian brahmins or Tam Brahms will look within their fold. This is as racist as it can get. Many of these people unwittingly shrink the pool of prospective partners and then suffer dowry harassment when it happens but I digress. Examine your own family tree and find out how many of your people married outside your caste or community. If few or none have would you not consider that racist A survey jointly conducted by the Centre for the Study of developing Societies Konrad Adenauer Stiftung and Lokniti recently found that only 4 of marriages were intercaste. So much for secularism Many of the 96 are probably venting their spleen on social media http//blogs.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/toieditpage/bridgegapsinchildrensschemeswithadequatefinancingtheyarethefutureand39oftheindianpopulation/ Much is made of men looking for fair brides while women who seek tall or handsome men or turn down guys for being dark balding or potbellied are conveniently wished away. It is more than common to find people in positions of power giving breaks and cushy jobs to others from their own community. Even in more transparent setups job requirements mention excellent communication skills which is a euphemism for Must know English. The odds are stacked against those who dont make the cut because of not being from English medium schools. Its even worse if you live in some far flung area like Dombivili or Nalasopara. When Shobha De wanted to humiliate Deepika Padukone she wrote that Deepika would not win a Miss Dombivali contest. That should tell you something about how page three socialites perceive far flung suburbs. Some racism is state sanctioned. Successive governments in our country have for decades charged more money from foreigners than from Indians for visiting national monuments. This is unheard of in other countries. Yet this officially sanctioned racism has continued for decades without any significant protests. In Goa the government has indicated that it may disallow Goans from accessing casinos and restrict entry to foreigners. On the other hand Nigerians and Africans are routinely harassed. Now lets return to actors who denounce fairness creams. Many of these actors are known to have gone under the surgeons knife to enhance their appearance making their respective noses sharper lips fuller and thighs slimmer. Some have also opted for skin lightening procedures even lightening their vaginas Even after all of that there is considerable make up and technical wizadry before you see them as they appear on screen or inside the pages of glossies. Not all of them have the porcelain skin or honey and peaches complexion they project. So should we assume all of that is fine because they can afford it and have surgeons VFX specialists and makeup artists supporting them On the other hand you probably dont have these resources. Well tough luck then because fairness creams are evil The desire to be fair makes you out to be a bigot On another note look around and youll see people using the Fword liberally along with other variations of it when writing on Facebook or in conversation but many of them wouldnt use the Hindi equivalents with as much fervor and would look down at anyone who did. If you still insist on looking for racism with such unbridled enthusiasm look within and youll probably be whipping yourself for being bigoted.. r/india AMA [R]equest Abhay Deol: Recently Abhay Deol spoke out against ad campaigns of fairness creams and bias towards dark skinned people in India. His thoughts seem to have really resonated with r/india community. He appears to be a candid guy which is rare for bollywood to have. So we would love to know his thoughts on other topics which bollywood refuses to discuss such as nepotism poor quality of movies being produced and many more things that randia would like to ask like hows life universe and everything. So wed love to have an AMA with Abhay Deol. Going by the way he posted on facebook this should be fun. P.S. If Imran Khan is viewing this post through his alternate ID then please please please call him and tell him that randia is calling. Thanks. . Need help for a solo trip to the Parvati Valley from Assam. [askindia] [R]: Hey /r/india I plan on travelling from Guwahati to Parvati hills and whereabouts for a week or so long stay. Im a guy if that matters and will travel solo for a week or so. I have some questions Id like to ask to make this journey as stable as possible if you know what I mean wink x 2 . 1. First of all Ive barely even turned 18. Dont even have a driving licence although I do have ID. How much of that is going to be a problem because solo Hate to be typical but I look 25 and put a lot of thought on whether Id be responsible enough for this trip. 2. What is the best place to land up and what options do I have to get there from Guwahati 3. I was am thinking extreme budget trip what are some cheap and even cheaper places to stay lt1k/night Preferably in a remote location. 4. Although Ill probably hang around the touristy places for 2 days or so what are some little known but awesome places to go Places where I can chill for a day or so 5. Is solo trekking advised If so please recommend one based on experience/knowledge. 6. Random useful advice. Also dont tell me where to score because thats clearly illegal pls D . Jiddu Krishnamurti Psychological Suffering Nature of Mind: [deleted]. Is India banned from hacker news: I have been trying to create an account since years literally. I can create an account but its entirely shadowbanned from the get go. Like wtf it lets me believe that my comments and posts are up there but theyre just never seen by anyone ever. It doesnt let you create accounts through Tor I reckon it detects the exit nodes and all my VPN accounts also get mysteriously shadowbanned. I have never once spammed nor ever intended to. I just want to confirm my suspicions is this a thing. Is India banned from hacker news: [removed]. India is the fourthworst country in the world for religious violence. Happy birthday Himachal Keep spreading the happiness: Wish you long years to keep spreading happiness be it in the form of tourism chill environment or cough cough bava ter ho gayi . A friend of mine is interested in touring on her moped seeking advice from people whove got experience touring mopeds.[SERIOUS]: A friend of mine who is currently in mumbai wishes to tour on her active. Ive toured extensively on two wheels but I am neither a woman nor do I tour on a moped nor am I from mumbai. Can someone share some tips on places to go around mumbai touring on mopeds dos and donts and travelling on the highways for a womanif weve got some female riders here PS I know it is risky to tour on our highways yes she will be in full gear yes I am aware of the risks that even full gear isnt safe enough and No you are not helping by typing negative replies discouraging women or anyone else from touring on two wheels in India.. [R] Over 70 of Indians think we are going in the right direction. 46 think our biggest concern is terrorism. xpost r/dataisbeautiful. Whatsapp is new cancer for indian privacy: did you saw that message whatsapp wants you to share your data with facebook even you are not using the facebook i just got a message to press agree on new privacy hungry issue. its surprising they delayed their propaganda. some people suggest use SIGNAL app but it also depends on google play services so telegram is the only option left right. Why is India so filthy The Ugly Indian TEDxBangalore. Boobjectification A few things Indian men really must learn about breasts. Check out these Ancient Indian cities that were abandoned many many years ago: [deleted]. When and why did Hindi become the lingua franca of Mumbai : The original population of Mumbai until the 1970s was mainly the following communities Maharashtrians/Konkanis local East Indian Christians Parsees Gujaratis/Kutchis/Jains Bohras and other Gujarati Muslims Sindhis refugees Tamils Tuluvas Kannadigas and other Madrasis. Large scale North Indian migration to Mumbai did not start until the 1980s. So how did Hindi end up being the lingua franca pf Mumbai given that none of the above mentioned original communities spoke it I am pretty sure until 1960s native Hindi speakers having Hindi as mothertongue were less than 15 of Mumbai. Even the Sindhis amp Punjabis refugees who were settled after Partition do not speak Hindi.. Students who went to Europe for studies rather than US or Canada. How was your experience and what were the pros and cons of your choice: The earlier post has been archived and I need the fresh perspective. I have admits from KTH Royal Institute of Technology Sweden and Delft University of Technology NL for MSc in Computer Science. I havent yet decided between them. Please share your experiences regarding university experience jobs costs taxes and life in general maybe racism. Also share experiences of other European universities to help the future students. Thank you.. NASAs night time satellite images show huge growth of Indian cities. NASAs night time satellite images show huge growth of Indian cities: [deleted]. [Showerthought] Always wondered why beggars in India regardless of their religion always beg in the name of Allah in a Hindu majority country: Logically they are reducing their chances of ROI sorry.. On the Day of Ambedkar Jayanthi Let me share one excerpt from Babasaheb Ambedkar in 1928 on the Maternity Bill.: gtDr. B. R. Ambedkar Sir I rise to support the first reading of this bill. And in doing so I just wish to reply to a few points that have been raised in the course of this debate against this bill. The Honourable the General Member in speaking against the bill first of all pointed out that this is not an accidentaccident as we understand it under the Workmens Compensation Act and therefore the principle of the Workmens Compensation Act cannot be extended to the women who would be entitled to get the benefit under this particular bill. I admit Sir that this is not an accident. But it does not follow from that that women are not entitled to get the benefit which the proposed bill desire to confer upon them. The principle on which this bill is based is altogether biased. There is absolutely I believe unanimity on this proposition that the prenatal conditions which affect the mother are an important factor in the bill and the subsequent bringing up of the child. I do not think anybody will controvert that proposition. And I believe therefore Sir that it is in the interests of the nation that the mother ought to get a certain amount of rest during the prenatal period and also subsequently and the principle of the bill is based entirely on that principle. That being so Sir I am bound to admit that the burden of this ought to be largely borne by the Government. I am prepared to admit this fact because the conservation of the peoples welfare is primarily the concern of the Government. And in every country therefore where the maternity benefit has been introduced you will find that the Government has been subjected to a certain amount of charge with regard to maternity benefit. gtBut that being so Sir I am not prepared to admit that the employer who employs a woman under such circumstances is altogether free from the liability of such benefit in the interests of the woman and the reason for this is this. There is no doubt that an employer employs women in certain industries because he finds that there is a greater profit to be gained by him by the employment of women than he would gain by the employment of men. He is able to get pro rata larger benefits out of women than he would get by employing men. That being so it is absolutely reasonable to say that to a certain extent at least the employer will be liable for this kind of benefit when he gets a special benefit by employing women instead of men. I therefore say that although there ought to have been some liability imposed on the Government in the matter of maternity benefit I think the bill is not altogether wrong if it seeks to impose the liability under the present circumstances on the employer. I therefore support the bill on that account. gtIt is stated that this bill is applied only to factories and not to other industries or to the agricultural occupation. The reply to that is very simple. It is to those industries where the conditions are such that they particularly affect the health of a woman that this principle is extended. In agriculture and other occupations the women are not exposed to those dangers or to those factors which obtain in factories and which affect the health of the women working in those factories. That is the reason why for instance such legislation is usually confined only to factories. The same may be said for instance with regard to the Workmens Compensation Act. That Act applies to accident which may arise in factories in the course of the employment of labour for this very reason and you will find that legislation is confined only to factories and not to other occupations. gtNow in respect of the burden on industries the Honourable the General Member said that it will result in the reduction of wages. I am not certain whether it will result in a reduction of wages. Even if it does it will mean that the burden on the industries will to a certain extent be shifted elsewhere and the Honourable the General Member ought therefore to have no objection on that ground. If this bill is passed my submission is that the burden will probably be shifted on to the consumer and if it is shifted on to the consumer the society as such ought not to object to pay the larger price for the produce in order that the producers who produce it may be benefited. gtThen it is said that it is unjust to confine this bill to the Bombay Presidency only and that it ought to be extended to the whole of India and that other Presidencies and provinces in India ought to be put on a par with the Bombay Presidency. My submission to you Sir is this. Suppose that this bill is applied to the whole of British India what is there to prevent somebody rising up and saying Why should this bill be confined to India only and not to other countries India will be put at a disadvantage with respect to the other countries of the world and therefore let us wait till the whole world adopts the principle of this bill and then we may all be on a par with each other. I submit that there is no substance in this argument and I think therefore the benefits contemplated by this bill ought to be given by this Legislature to the poor women who toil in our factories in this Presidency. Excerpt form B.L.C. Debates Vol. XXIII pp. 38182 dated 28th July 1928. The same year when women in UK received equal status to vote as men he fought for womens rights here specifically on maternity leaves Its sad that most people associate Dr. Ambedkar as another person in history and some lament that he created the vile reservation system. Sidelining his long list of achievements for the upliftment of people and creating the framework for law and economics for our country. I encourage everyone to at least look up his [wiki page]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B.R.Ambedkar and learn more about this great man. Only when you read his works and listen to his speeches you really understand the true gravitas of his vision. Tldr Dr. B.R. Ambedkar was genius and was a real visionary. Let us celebrate the achievements of this visionary leader on his 126th Birthday . [R] nonIT/Engineering/Medical folks which career are you practicing and what you like about it . Castebased reservation never existed in private medical colleges in Uttar Pradesh Times of India. Yogi Adityanath ends reservation for SC ST OBC candidates in private medical colleges. Need help with workplace harassment not sexual [AS] [R] [NP]: Hi friends a friend of mine recently started working in a company based in Mumbai. Its a famous creative branding company having some big names as clients. They have a fancy office and all but the culture there is terrible. So my friend joined this company around half a year ago. She was promised flexible working hours and all but has been forced to work over 12 hours a day everyday. When she talked to her manager about this the manager very rudely dismissed the complaint and basically told her to suck it up. A couple of other people in her team also voiced their concerns to the HR and senior management about their managers behaviour but nobody took any action. Now just last month this asshole manager guy gets promoted and gets some monthly recognition because he bagged a client. This gave him even more freedom in the conpany and now he is blatantly treating his team as slaves. Last week when a couple of people tried to raise their voices he outright fired them I dont know if thats even legal. My friend wrote to the CEO of the company and the CEO although seemingly reasonable otherwise has refused to do anything at all. The manager came to know about this and he is treating my friend terribly just to mess with her. My friend is absolutely helpless as this was her first job and if she leaves without a good recommendation she will have great difficulty finding a job elsewhere. The manager has basically held her career hostage. Despite having ample grounds for one lawsuit in India is not an option as we all know. What can she do. Need help with workplace harassment not sexual [NP] [R]: [deleted]. Pakistan is waging a online war on India: [removed]. My wifes boss jsut told her to not hire newly wed women as he is not interested in paying them 6 months free salary.: [removed]. Learn English SpeakingEnglish lessons for Beginners .... Learn English Speaking English lessons for Beginners Learn use of Sub.... [R] How should I go about teaching my household help about Science in Hindi: Hey guys So today the young fellow who helps out with stuff around the house asked me about what rockets and airplanes are and where they go. I spent the next hour googling words in Hindi and struggling to explain concepts like gravity space types of planes how and why satellites are sent up. It wouldve been hilarious to observe from a third persons perspective but I really felt the need to explain these things since he pretty much thought everything was magic and religion oriented and more so because he was genuinely curious about this stuff and wasnt opposed to the idea that this stuff may have nothing to do with religion. I realized I was a bit out of my depth with converting words to Hindi and also in simplifying things. I was wondering if anyone knows about any resources books or encyclopedias with pictures that I could give him. He can read Hindi so that shouldnt be an issue but it needs to be simplified and start with the basics. Any suggestions. Kashmirs true shame caught on camera. This Infosys employeeturnedfarmer has many useful tips for you to take up Natural Farming: [deleted]. Karnataka faces water scarcity. [R] Aadhaar approved WTF: [deleted]. Pure Gold Firaq Gorakhpuri and peers discussing the intricacies of Linguistics of Hindustani.. Depression: I am glad that a lot more people started talking about mental illnesses. I know quite a few people in India who struggle with depression but have no idea as to what it is how to deal with it or whether what they are experiencing is actual depression. I was struggling with depression for better part of my life and had no idea that it was a disease and that I could do something about it. I spent last few years learning more about the disease and working on it. Finally I can say that I am no more depressed. I saw few posts from depressed people looking for help and figured that I might as well post an overview of all my learnings with relevant references so folks can have a good starting point. Hopefully they dont have to spend as much time as I did to deal with depression. First and foremost depression is not a single disease in the literal sense. A lot of physiological diseases i.e. there is a malfunction in body causing the disease manifest themselves as depression. As such what works for someone may not work for others. We still dont have full understanding of depression so many diseases are clubbed together. There could be psychological basis for it as well if you are currently struggling with a crisis but that should be temporary and resolve on its own when the situation changes. However because of the nature of depression you may have an underlying physiological condition that triggered depression which in turn may have contributed to other problems that now add additional psychological dimension to it. Irrespective of whether it is physiological or psychological depression hinders your ability to deal with your problems and makes you suffer rather than take things under control. If you are struggling with depression I highly recommend dealing with it first and foremost before dealing with some other longterm crisis. You cannot imagine how much more successful you would be in resolving your crisis if you take depression out of the equation. When it comes to treating depression you need to understand what is causing depression. If it is psychological you will have to work on those underlying issues. It is very helpful to take help from someone because depression interferes with your decision making abilities and can result in nonoptimal decisions that come bite you at a later time. Find someone smart and unbiased discuss your problems with them and take their opinion into consideration in dealing with issues. For interpersonal issues a good psychological counsellor can make a huge impact. A really smart and observant person is as good as a counsellor so try to take help from whoever you can. Certain psychological issues could also be because you have certain misconceptions about how society works and how to deal with your own thoughts. Meditation can help immensely because you start observing your own thoughts and start understanding your own reasoning patterns. It is a long and arduous process but if it is a psychological issue its a tool thats well worth the investment. All said some of the treatment options for physiological depression can also help with your psychological depression so keep reading. IMHO a lot of physiological diseases are lifestyle diseases including depression. What you do on a daytoday basis can have a tremendous impact on your body and mind and small changes can have a large impact on your life. Lifestyle factors include what you eat what you drink whether you exercise how you sleep how good your relationships are where you live and whether you like your work. General recipe for a healthy lifestyle is to eat organic and healthy food exercise intensely for at least 30 mins sleep 68 hours have a good friendly relationship with people and do what you love. If you feel like you have lifestyle issues work on them first. You CANNOT imagine how much better your life would be irrespective of whether you are depressed or not. If you think you dont have money for food/gym/bed/apartment think again. A lot of Indians who grew up in lowend housing with poor mans diet dont realize that the reason they worked so hard was to lead a better life. If you dont earn enough and had to spend 5080 on your basic necessities thats OK. Think of it as an investment on yourself. When your body and mind works great you can accomplish whatever you want. At least as much as what your genetics permit. A LOT of physiological issues can be traced back to what you eat or consume. Think about it your body is a complex machine with a lot of systemic processes that take input in the form of chemicals nutrients/air/water and then perform some action. Naturally these chemicals have only few ways to enter our body mouth nose and skin excluding injections. If you dont give body what it needs or if you are giving it something that it cannot handle it results in a disease. If you are living in any of the major cities chances are that you are breathing in a lot of things that body has trouble dealing with like pollutants. Our body has systems in place to deal with such unwanted toxins but they will be overloaded and stressed. Try to avoid exposure to pollutants as much as possible. This includes both environmental as well as your household consumables like shampoo or soap. You dont have to fully solve the problem reducing its intensity is a good starting point. Diet is probably the single most factor in dealing with depression. A lot of people put all sorts of spicy junk in their stomach and expect it to deal with it. Somehow our society has this impression that our bodies are unbreakable. Guess what They can break and the consequences could be severe. If your gut has trouble processing food and sucking in nutrients your bodily systems wont get enough inputs to do their job. If your brain/thyroid fail to receive certain inputs you may experience depression. Two of the most important inputs in dealing with depression are Bvitamins and amino acids. B vitamins are extremely important for your energy metabolism and general systemic function. Significant portion of Indians dont get enough B vitamins from their diet because they dont eat nonveg. It is cheap enough to run a simple blood test to confirm but if you feel like you maybe deficient it is cheap and safe to supplement with a quality Bcomplex. Because B vitamins are water soluble your body will discharge extra vitamins through urine. Most supplements have dosage well below their toxic levels so you dont have to worry about side effects. Amino acids are proteins that are important for a lot of processes in our body. Certain amino acids like Tryptophan and Tyrosine are precursors to important neurotransmitters that control our mood and outlook towards life. Our body doesnt have ability to manufacture these amino acids so it needs it from the diet. If you dont supply it with necessary amino acids it fails to manufacture neurotransmitters which manifests as depression. In fact these amino acids are so important that they can and are actually used as medicine for depression. If you feel depressed and you take LTryptophan or 5HTP a derivative of Tryptophan you will see improvement in your depression symptoms. If you dont eat meat or dairy products you will miss out on a lot of these amino acids. Try to get enough proteins in your daily diet. If you cannot for any reason try to supplement with those complete protein meals. If you are severely depressed try to take 5HTP or LTryptophan for few weeks and work on underlying causes for depression. A lot of problems can easily be solved with a better mood. Certain people with food allergies like me have trouble digesting certain food groups. If that is the case eating any meal with those food items will immediately trigger immune reaction hinder digestive process and result in depressive symptoms. In those cases it is important to address those food allergies. You may have to stay away from those food groups to let your gut heal so eventually you can start eating them again. If you arent sure whether your depression is caused by an underlying food allergy try to avoid foods with common allergens dairy/gluten/soy/nuts. If you experience improvements then try to narrow down and find the allergen that is causing the problem. A lot of your depressive symptoms will vanish when you remove the trigger. If none of the above work or you are desperate to find a quick solution then and only then look for pharmaceuticals. Medications for depression have lots of sideeffects and can give you long lasting issues. However depending upon your life situation they may actually be better than not taking them. Even so try to give 5HTP/LTryptophan a try before jumping on to other medications. Those natural supplements are proven to have almost as good efficacy as some of the best antidepressants. In certain countries they actually give LTryptophan as an antidepressant. Pharmaceutical antidepressants work great with mostly manageable sideeffects but they require evaluation from a trained psychiatrist because each antidepressant works differently. Find one you can trust with good reviews and get the treatment you deserve. If you are still uncertain remember that there are lots of articles and books on this subject. I listed some books below but there are many more. 1. Feeling Good The New Mood Therapy by David Burns 2. Mood Cure by Julia Ross 3. Happiness Hypothesis by Jonathan Haidt 4. Mans search for meaning by Viktor Frankl If you have questions feel free to drop me a PM. Feel free to share this with anyone who needs help.. Happy Hanuman Jayanti to all: May lord/BRAHMAN Hanuman bless you all and your family. [R] AmA Clear your doubts. I am an Indian muslim currently in India who studied in Saudi Arabia for nearly 15 years.: ask me anything. FAQs 1.What is your take on Zakir Naik He just misinterpret some things and explain what he seems is right no matter how many other scholars argue him . He is proud of his knowledge and thinks none can overtake him. As a hindu scholar said Woh wahi kahegay jisse uski dukaan bikti hain. 2.Does a female need to present 4 Male Eyewitness to charge someone against rape No This is one of the most misunderstood thing because it is charged for adultery and not rape According to Quran there doesnt need to be 4 eye witness for a person to be charged with rape all it requires is a medical test and the rapist will be most likely executed in Saudi Arabia. 3.Triple Talaq This is one of the backward thing which is misinterpreted . For a triple talaq both the husband and wife should be physically present. It can be reverted back easily and most of the times it is considered invalid because a triple talaq is not valid if the person is in anger or dunk .. This banker quit his job to practice Zero Budget Natural Farming. And hes loving it: [deleted]. At home in India North Indian coexistence with darkskinned south Indians spells the defeat of the Aryan supremacist project. How can India develop its own branch of intellectualism: Much of the western progress comes from the period of western history where western world turned to reason as primary source of authority and legitimacy thus leading to advance ideals like libertyprogresstolerancefraternityconstitutional government and seperation of church state. Can India have age like that What is needed for the country to develop its own enlightenment phase Ive frequently heard about the phrase [scientific temper]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientifictemper.Can this be spread through country and how. LPT If your parents are going out of their mind just push them towards Indian spirituality.: Fear of death always freaks out old people and they will be forced to go sane again. . Sasikala Murder Husbands Police Call Released. [R] Need legal help: [removed]. Former Naval Officer Kulbhushan Jadhav Sentenced To Hang In Pak: [deleted]. Getting a job without experience [R]: [deleted]. Getting a job without experience: [deleted]. As an individual how can you contribute to a better tomorrow for India: There are a lot of issues plaguing India today be it due to misguided policies archaic laws a lack of empathy or any number of factors. Now obviously we are changing for better. We are much better off than we were just as the millennium dawned. However most significant farreaching changes need a nonpartisan Govt. policy to provide direction. While that is somewhat present at the Center a lot of states still remain mired in divisive reactionary politics centered on the whole us vs them. Even parties which came in with a premise of avoiding the usual routine are now getting stuck in the system What has happened so far is India seems like a machine with its internal out of place a jarring clanking monstrosity instead of a well maintained system. This manifests itself in a lot of unsightly ways that do nothing but hold us back from advancing as a nation. At the city level its migrants vs longtime residents. At the state its state vs state for resource allocation and linguistic barriers serving to create more bigotry. At the national level its us vs. them in terms of religious and other communal boundaries. But ultimately there are so many internal conflicts that we ourselves are holding each other back from going forward. All of us are stuck in a 95 grind with sharmajikabeta aspirations. And it ends there. No hope for a better India just a better tomorrow for us individually. Eventually all this will change with a increasing number of people having access to the internet and thus information. But right now as private citizens what can we do to make a difference for a better tomorrow for us as a collective. Theres a Place in India Where Religions Coexist Beautifully and Gender Equality Is Unmatched [Old]. LOKNITICSDSKAS survey Mind of the youth. AMA Announcement Shiv Aroor EditorinChief of Livefist a defense and strategic affairs blog Consulting Editor at India Today. April 12 Wednesday 7 PM IST: Greetings /r/India Shiv Aroor has agreed to do an AMA with us. Shiv Aroor is Editor Output at India Today. A defense and military enthusiast he has reported on national security for over a decade and has just finished his first novel a work of fiction depicting an IndoPak border incident. In parallel he has been writing incisive and informative articles in his blog [Livefist]https//www.livefistdefence.com/. Livefist is a two time awardwinning site on Indian defence aerospace amp military affairs currently the worlds most visited quoted amp referenced new site on the subject. One of the pioneers of milblogging in the country Livefist is now a fullfledged news amp intelligent analysis resource. Date amp time April 12 Wednesday 7 PM IST. Verification Coming soon ... We would like to thank /u/bernardwoolley for his help in organizing this AMA. Please note that this is the announcement post not the actual AMA. Questions posted here will most likely be missed by the AMA guest. Please post your questions in the AMA thread when it gets posted by the AMA guest.. Where can I buy good spectacles for cheap except lenskart [R]: Been burned by Lenskart once with a really crappy Vincent Chase which now feels like crap to wear is heavy and looks cheap after a year of use. Brother has an old oakley which is amazing even after 2 years. Seems like luxottica managed to get Lenskart under their grip with prices same as in store prices better to buy things in store so you can try out. Store prices are crazy high in Bangalore. R/India any suggestion where one can find good quality specs Like warbyparker.com in US Any jugaad connects with wholesellers. [R] TIL about the Nicobar Pigeon which is a near threatened species and the closest relative living of the extinct Dodo bird.. Seriouslets create a weekly thread where people will share their weekly positive contribution/good deeds towards our society.: why wait for next week lets start this from now. i have fed hungry/dying dogs and other animals this week someone kicked a wrong parked bike with their legs and run away i saw petrol was leaking so i stopped my bike and parked that unknown bike correctly purpose of this thread to create a positive vibe. Please share your story. Thank you. . We need a DAILY SAX THREAD on this sub: [removed]. What a great strategy to spam your nos by Goibibo.. Joke time Vodafone Offering Unlimited 2G Data at Rs. 249 wait for it..: 10GB/month FUP With post 40kbps speed so technically if your average 2g speedmax is 30KB/s would be around 20KILOBYTES/sec you will be able to download 72MB/hour if you got full speed 30KB/s your download speed would be 108MB/Hour lets assume people are using their phone on download for 10hours people will consume 1080/day your FUP is 10GB so after 10days you will became nanga/naked. with 40kbits per second nanga nahayega kya aur nichodega 40kbps in KB 5 5KB/s actual download speed so on 11th day you will be able to enjoy your unlimited 2g pack your per hour usage would be 18MB/hour in 10hours of the day you will be able to consume 180MB GHODAFONE GIVE ME A BREAK. news sourcehttps//telecomtalk.info/vodafoneunlimited2gdatatariffwar/162308/ . [Showerthought] While travelling by train I feel lucky if I get a side berth in a 3 tier compartment or sleeper but I feel conned if I get one in a 2 tier. [R]Folks always remember the golden words.: Sunday ho ya monday. Roz kaho undai https//youtu.be/6lW37OedACU. Countering Anand Venkatanarayanans demonization of Nilekanis claims on Aadhaar: First things first assuming you have read Anand Venkatanarayanans AV [article]http//www.thenewsminute.com/article/uidaisystemdesignflawedmanbustsnandannilekanis9claimsaadhaar59891 I recommend you read Nandan Nilekanis NN [interview]http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/blink/cover/nandannilekanidemonisingofaadhaarisirresponsible/article9608232.ece that Anand seems to debunk. In reality his article is just like a magic show using sleight and conceit to lead people believe in his narrative. gt a PDS system which was serving X number of people in a state will suddenly start denying rations to a random set of X 5/100 people However theres a sleight of hand here Nilekani talks of 95 success rate in PDS Aadhaar system. Does that mean non PDS systems connected with Aadhaar have 5 error rate Even for PDS Anand fails in math. While he correctly calculates 5 crore transactions denied it does not translate to 5 people denied. Eventually at infinite repetitions 100 people will have at least one failed transaction. Do you throw away your iphone when fingerprint authentication fails gt So in short the new PDS system actually converts inherent statistical uncertainty of biometric authentication with accrued savings In 2nd point Anand bases savings on imagined IF conditions without giving any statistics. And confuses public with statistics on everything apart from savings. While the 50000 crore number could be debatable Nilekani claims 50000 crore saved from genuine beneficiaries. How can the author Anand muddle it to say 50000 crore savings comes from fraud genuinedenied transactions gt Rural teledensity is at 52.43. when biometric fingerprint verification fails there is a 47 probability that the person may be denied their entitlements. 3rd point So much dust blown in eyes. By same data source that idiot Anand shared urban teledensity is at 160. How would that idiot Anand calculate probability in this case ROFL The actual mathematical case would be 5 error 47 no OTP 2.3 probability of failure of transaction not people denied entitlement. How idiotically arrogant. Another hole in argument teledensity of 52 does not correspond to 47 rural aadhaar not having cellphones. This is idiotic to assume a 2 year old kid will own phone number linked to aadhaar. Obviously a single mobile number of family head will link to muliple aadhaars. gt In short the technology is broken and will not work except on ideal conditions which will not exist most of the time. 4th point Another sleight of hand. Nilekani says some aadhaars have errors but rest of aadhaars will work. Anand says some aadhaars have errors which must mean that entire system is broken and hence any aadhaar will not work most of the time. Deliberate twisting. Fifth point of Anands is an opinion piece not a factual argument. He is free to imagine whatever he wants to however flawed it might be. Sixth point of Anands is total hogwash. Classic bait and switch technique. I encourage you to read context of Nilekanis comment he says current government hasnt changed Aadhaar from what he as a chief of installed by previous government would have done which Nilekani calls progressive. It is a different matter altogether that the idiot author makes a completely tangential and nonsensical statement just to argue gt Is the Indian state so void of moral and ethical sensibilities that it has to ask Bhopal gas victims AIDS patients trafficking victims to produce a UID or get lost Perhaps idiot Anand forgets what identification means. In absence of Aadhaar wouldnt any government request for identification of victims claiming benefits Or should it be a loot of resources free for all who want to claim benefits in place of those genuinely affected gt It is far easier to steal the biometric at source not during enrollment but during verification 7th point is manipulation. Anand concedes it is difficult to steal biometric from database hence it is easier to forge biometrics during verification. And then the idiot recommends a series of elaborate software network hardware algorithm attacks to forge the biometrics easily. Just think it that easier than forging a signature if aadhaar wasnt in place 8th point is a sign of decay that Anand nit picks on hyperboles to prove a himself right. Context Nilekani was asked Please explain how the Aadhaar has benefited an ordinary taxpaying citizen. to which he replied Why just the taxpaying Millions of people without any ID now have an ID. It is not an objective statement but a figure of speech. 9th is finally a valid comment attacking aadhaar on all its weak points. Edit formatting change from numbered bullet point looks like numbers go back to 1 after quotations.. Did you guys see Kendall Jenners Pepsi ad reaction Well we have our own ad just released promoting eve teasing. Pepsis marketing team at its finest.. Marathi cinema hogs spotlight at 64th National Film Awards [R]. Indian media is the worlds most disgraced media.: [removed]. Does Indian Media contribute anything for improving the lives of Indians: Indian Media rabid negative sensationalist shitshow contributes very little to improve the lives of Indians. India is one of the poorest countries in the world 100s of Millions of people in destitute poverty. but Media focus is on silly issues for clickbaits. 100s of millions dont have daily clean water electricity absolutely illiterate. Will Indian media ever focus on important things India Ranks 131st on HDI last year we were 130th. This how a biased media group pushes an agenda and spread propaganda.: The Wire is known for their politically leftliberal leaning opinion and view. Nothing against that. But they did something which doesnt suit to a reputed media group backed by senior editors and journalists. I was reading about Dr. Vijay Bhatkar and ended up on this article https//thewire.in/103609/vijaybhatkarnalandauniversity/ The title of the article is very funny and sad at the same time. Dr. Vijay Bhatkar is a well known person in Indias IT industry. He is best known as the architect of Indias national initiative in supercomputing where he led the development of Param supercomputers Param 8000 and Param 10000. Beside that he built grid computing and HPC infrastructure in India. Bhatkar received a Padmashri in 2000 and a Padma Bhushan in 2015. The title of the article doesnt justify the description of his profile and completely disregard the work he has done in the field of mathematicscomputation and networking. It is an unveiled attempt at undermining the credentials of this person. They rather pushed their agenda through their article that govt. is trying to saffronize the institutions by carefully choosing words swadeshi science and mentioning RSS. The article does mention his past work but they chose to write like this According to Bhatkars profile on his personal website... which I found very silly and underwhelming.. India Has Worlds Best AntiSlavery Laws And Largest Number of Slaves. Does Indian Media contribute anything for improving the lives of Indians: [deleted]. [R] A picture i took of Raghu Dixit performing in Boston. Is India a racist country. Shower thought every time our population uses any digital platform we ruin it completely: remember yahoo orkut facebook twitter and now YOUTUBE look at the trending page. whats next reddit o.O. The Indian Sage Who Discovered ATOMIC Theory 2500 Years Ago. Cow Vigilants murdered Pehlu Khan in Alwar Rajasthan. His Son Irshand Khan speaks to BBC Hindi: [deleted]. Poly and NonMonogamy in India. Bust out your alts: Continuing the conversation from the marriage discussion where nonmonogamy/polyamory was brought up more than once it makes me curious about the poly community in India. Heres what I want to ask you /r/india Age Sex Marital/Relationship status Special interest polyamory/polygamy/cuckold/wifesharing/nonmonogamous How many people know this aspect about you Have you found it difficult to meet others like you even if for nonsexual meetups Any other interesting thing youd like to share If you arent part of the community but want to talk about it youre welcome too.. Does Indian Media contribute anything for improving the lives of Indians: [deleted]. Does Indian Media contribute anything for improving the lives of Indians: [deleted]. India is terrible place because of most Indians are Low Intelligent: [deleted]. TIL Ashoka ordered to execute around 18000 atheists because a nonBuddhist drew a picture showing Buddha bowing at the feet of Mahavira.: According to the legends mentioned in the 2ndcentury CE text Ashokavadana Ashoka was not nonviolent after adopting Buddhism. In one instance a nonBuddhist in Pundravardhana drew a picture showing the Buddha bowing at the feet of Nirgrantha Jnatiputra identified with Mahavira 24th Tirthankara of Jainism. On complaint from a Buddhist devotee Ashoka issued an order to arrest him and subsequently another order to kill all the Ajivikas atheists in Pundravardhana. Around 18000 followers of the Ajivika sect were executed as a result of this order. Sometime later another Nirgrantha follower in Pataliputra drew a similar picture. Ashoka burnt him and his entire family alive in their house. He also announced an award of one dinara silver coin to anyone who brought him the head of a Nirgrantha heretic. [SOURCE]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AshokaBuddhistconversion. [R] Patriotism amp the Government Standup Comedy by Kunal Kamra. People who suffer from anxiety / depression do you have that constant feeling of butterflies in stomach /chest.: [deleted]. Designing Corporate Wellness program: [removed]. AMA Announcement Shashank Yadav author of O a historical fiction set in prepartition India. Friday April 7th 6 PM IST.: Greetings /r/India Shashank Yadav will be doing an AMA with us. He is the author of O a historical fiction set in prepartition India and starring Netaji Bose himself. He is currently in the process of setting up a nonprofit research firm focusing on artificial intelligence in Delhi. For a few brief months he was also part of Prashant Kishores Team. He also blogs sometimes [muskdeer]http//muskdeer.blogspot.com/. The genre of his book would fall under magical realism but it is a historical war fiction nonetheless. Hed be very happy to answer questions about the book O writing in general Indian politics/history amp Netajis mystery also AI as its related to his work. But as the spirit goes you can ask him anything and hed do his best to answer. Verification Pic https//imgur.com/a/q61WQ Date amp Time Friday April 7th 6 PM IST We would like to thank /u/Chtorrr for getting us in touch with Shashank. Also this is the announcement post. Please post your questions in the AMA thread once it gets posted on Friday. Questions posted here may not be seen by the AMA guest. . Local cricket team in Kashmir sings Pakistan anthem Kashmiri cricketers wear Pakistani team uniform. Solid advice from Biswa Kalyan Rath: gt Young people in my newsfeed. College students school students. gt Another suicide has taken place. Another life is lost. I dont know any other way to motivate you than saying this. gt My CGPA in college was 6.83 out of 10 or less I cant remember or find that grade sheet. I almost failed in many subjects. I dont know anything about biotechnology. gt I did not get placement in any company. To put that in perspective IITs have a near 100 placement rate. gt I wasnt good at anything then. I could play some shit on a guitar or write a poem on some blog or click horrible photos with a DSLR camera. Complete lack of skill completely unhirable. gt My first job was a sales job and I was fired after 3 months. Monthly salary was 15k which seems decent but all my friends were earning at least thrice the amount. gt I was also going through personal problems as well which I dont want to get into but I was emotionally fucked as well. gt These things made me feel like a spectacular failure.I was depressed for a couple of years and I lost around 8 kgs. I was thin to begin with. Thankfully I had friends to support me throughout. gt After a couple of years as I kept doing what I believed I would be good at things started getting better slowly and steadily. I was a horrible graphic designer a horrible web designer a horrible coder a horrible writer and a bad comedian for quite some time. I have embarrassed myself enough and been bad at multiple fields. But with support from close friends I kept working at it. gt Suddenly one day things changed for the better and people who I assumed thought of me as a failure started messaging me saying they were proud of me. People started appreciating my work. gt Today I dont feel like a failure despite whoever feels whichever way and I am happy with my life. And thats a big deal. gt Not everybody has as good friends as I did. Which is why I would like to tell you the following which I needed to hear then. gt Moral of the story gt 1. Failure at education system/college/school doesnt mean failure at life if there is such a thing. There is no correlation. Our education system focuses on competition more than knowledge. Its outright bad. gt 2. If you work hard and do what you love you will be happy. Success is secondary and it will also happen. You will win solely because so few people dare to try. Just work hard. gt 3. You have enough time to fail at multiple career options. Every failure is an opportunity to learn. gt 4. Dont be afraid of failure. Embrace it as part of life. Life is a series of failures punctuated by brief periods of time where things seem to be fine. The amount of success people have in a year fits into a magazine. Everything else that billions of people have done that year is considered failure. gt 5. Nobody will believe in you for a few years. Its just how it is. Please believe in yourself and work hard. gt 6. Dont end your life. At least give it 30 more years. Dekho kya hota hai. Maje lo duniya ke. Life is fucking spectacular and there is so much to learn and do. Life will change so much in the next few years you wont be able to recognise yourself. gt 7. Dont be ashamed of asking for help. There is nothing wrong with depression. It is a very natural outcome of the kind of society we live in. Hota hai. Sabke saath hota hai. gt 8. If you notice somebody behaving odd talk to them. Be kind. Stop judging others stop judging yourself. gt 9. Dont do drugs. Just fucking dont. They will ruin your life. / Source Biswa Kalyan Raths recent FB post /. An eyewitness account of daylight molestation: During lunch time today I decided to walk toward the chowk near my workplace to grab some refreshment a lemon soda or the like for some respite from the heat. Two young girls were walking ahead of me. Someone pounced toward them from the middle of the road and starting running toward me. He was shirtless wearing a pair of black jeans and had an air about him that opulently demonstrated the lack of fucks he had to give for society. Perhaps determinedly so for the corporate employees at the heart of a media hub in NCR. One of the women had started shouting daring him to get back if he had it in him and not run away. He had stopped hardly a few paces from me by when shed reached and thwacked him hard twice on the side of his head. He seemed smug with his achievement. I was living too much in my head perhaps to do something about it when he was right in front of me but I had no idea what he had done. And I was quite taken back by his whole presence and the sudden incident which seemed to unfold very quickly. At a point I remember thinking about his possible response to anything Id say or do. He could do any fucking thing and I was not at all sure what exactly had happened. I tried to avoid looking at the women as I briskly walked passed them but noticed that the womans friend was laughing visibly awestruck by her commendable response in the situation. At the chowk there were no hawkers today all scared away by the threat of the association/community to raze their stalls. So I turn back and I start walking in the opposite lane when I see the same guy turning a corner ahead of me. He throws a quick glance at me and walks away his completely erect dick proudly pulled out from the zipper for everyone to see. What would have been the best thing to do in the situation What would you have done I was too taken aback and not sure about what had happened. As I mentioned earlier it happened in broad daylight in a corporate hub in Noida. I went back to my seat and got busy with the days work. I think now that I should have called the police but my previous experience with 100 has never been successful. I have the number of a couple of policemen near where I live but here I had no clue. Should I try to get the number and report the incident over the phone at least Edit reposting as it was autoremoved due to lack of a flair. [Serious] Whats the stand of major Indian religions on abortion: Im looking for the views which are practiced and preached and impacts lives of people. Catholic Church has a very vocal stand against abortion but where I live and from what Ive observed majority of Indian religion dont express any strong opinion about abortion. Have you also observed the same Or have you come across instances or places where people dont abort because their religion strongly forbids abortion Apart from the theoretical stand what do you think the religion you were born in says about abortion. Kishori Amonkar an inspiration for generations. Renowned Hindustani classical vocalist Kishori Amonkar passes away at 84: [deleted]. India ranked 3rd for third year in row in WADA doping charts. [R] Request for help: [removed]. Request for help: [removed]. My late father had this same quote in his office. An evergreen wisdom by the late Mahatma Gandhi. PM of Malaysia. we made it good job guys.ref r/place. [serious]What good could you do with your life if you were forced to sit in front of a computer for 9 hours a day : To add to this you dont get to interact with any other human being for that period of time due to awkward shifts and shyness in general There could be a limit to how much a man can browse quora and reddit and I have reached it I seriously have no idea what to do with my life browse reddit in the night and then sleep for the next day completely I have been doing this since 5 months [ 3rd october 2016 ] to be exact and there seems to be nothing useful that can be done with my life . But casteism only exists because of reservations: So I came across this http//imgur.com/a/n2yRF And then I went to the website mentioned there suryainfo.in. This is what it has on it http//i.imgur.com/6getEuv.png Explain to me again how casteism still exists only because of reservations. NRIs Reg Interest in returning to India Do you think this is the right time Need your validation and inputs for a potential documentary project: Hi NRIs From my experience there seems to be a new interest seen in NRIs about returning back to India. Im helping gather inputs for a possible documentary on this topic by a well known international TV channel. I mean not everyone is returning back immediately but there are talks about returning some time soon. Two reasons Ive noticed. One the overall ambience in USA. Two the positive vibes in India. But how real is this Can you please help me validate obviously my circle and sample size is small Do you think this is the right time to return to India Why What new is in India that made you think this Is it realistically easy for talent to return and start life/business in India What are your apprehensions if any Thanks. R/place ended here is the final picture of our waving flag. Singapore orders Indian imams expulsion for remarks against Christians Jews.. How /r/india honours peace treaties.... Heat wave is comming guysimage. we got to do it. come on brothers.. we got to do this. come on brothers.: [deleted]. Question to redditors of r/India: Hi dear people of r/India.I have been fascinated by your countryculture and religion for some years nowand I am from Serbiamaybe you heard of our former ruler Tito of Yugoslavia.My country is in very bad place now politically and socially and economicallyand I am thinking of moving to India in near future.Now I know that India is also a place where A LOT of.people live in povertybut since I want to flee my country for a gazillion of other reason of which some are personal in naturewhat is a chance that European young male can migrate to India and make a decent living working as a medical doctorI will soon have my degree and is there any any chance at all since I dont speak the language.Any response is much appreciated even if it shows me that my wish is pure illusion and thank you for reading.  REQUEST FOR r/place: HELP US EXPAND INDIA AND TAKE OVER Perhaps we could get it to the size of Germany or bigger.. This Hoax Slayer has busted 1300 fake forwards on WhatsApp. What are your DTH recommendations with good HD offerings and fewer spammy channels[NP][R]: I have been paying for HD services on DishTV for a couple of years now but they recently rearranged their channel numbers and HD channels are now mixed with SD channels. To make it worse hindi movie channels have lots of shit channels I dont think I have ever seen a movie being played on Maha Movies Vaa Cinema and telemarketing channels Fuck you Naaptol littered in between serious movie channels. Its literally impossible to flip through all hindi movie channels without getting seriously frustrated. So what are your DTH recommendations. Preferably it should have two properties 1. HD channels should be clubbed together and not interspersed with SD channels 2. Not have shit channels like Telemarketing channels Movie on demand channels and random channels like dabangg vaa movies etc. between good movie channels. P.S. I already have Netflix and Hotstar but sometimes I prefer to let someone else decide what I am going to watch.. BEWARE JIO reroutes your data to a Private US firm called Quantil.: From my reddit account activity https//ibb.co/gDMEWF Every few hours your data gets rerouted to a private firm called Quantim IP 168.235.200.130 Will be good if other Jio users check their account activity too . CAs of /r/India please answer my queries regarding capital gains tax: My dad bought a house in 1991 for rs 4 lakhs. He now wishes to sell it. The circle rate right now is Rs 60 lakhs. We have a buyer willing to pay 70 lakhs white 30 lakhs cash. We want to keep this money for an year or so before buying another flat more than 70 lakhs. What would be the tax implications and how can we avoid paying long term capital gains tax. [R] Does anyone here have a PayPal account If so how do you transfer funds to your PayPal wallet: I need to pay for my TOEFL exam but for some absurd reason none of the credit cards/debit cards are able to pay. Now I thought of paying through PayPal but have no idea how to bring money to the wallet. I hear you have to link your bank account. How does one do that Thanks. . [R] I want to connect my cooler fan directly to a power switch without using the regulator. It has four wires red black blue and white. Which wire should I connect to the positive and which one to the negative: I want to connect my cooler fan directly to a power switch without using the regulator. It has four wires red black blue and white. Which wire should I connect to the positive and which one to the negative. Now that Indian Flag is on r/place. What next: [removed]. [Ask India] Has anyone done [R]esearch on Solar power generation on a small/medium scale : My family has an ancestral land in Madhya Pradesh near Indore which gets a ton of sunshine all year round which is mostly used for farming but due to power cuts and water shortages the farming business barely sustains itself. I was thinking what if I convert some part of the field into an massive array of Solar panels. May be this would produce some electricity that can help our field and other nearby fields and households with basic electricity needs. Obviously I have no clue about Solar power yields and I have not done a cost benefit analysis as I dont even know where to begin. So asking this community if anyone has any experience. Some basic questions I have are Does Indian government allow individual citizens to generate and distribute Solar power I have heard in some states in US you can actually sell access solar power from your home/industry to local electricity companies is that possible in India How much would it cost to install solar panels over an area of about 1 acre land How much electricity can I generate I know this might be difficult but is there a way to quantify how much good is being done to the environment . [r/place] Kulcha Power Invade not so United Kingdom: [deleted]. Indians have internalised and normalised the poverty that exists around us.: We have become very low trust and unempathetic country due to normalisation of incredible Poverty exists around us. If i walk even in a city about 2 KM i would a dozen beggars dozen semi homeless people and many who are just poor and impoverished looking at their clothes and bodies with little flesh. Due to this condition all over the country we care little for other peoples lives we dont put ourselves in shoes of others. Empathy and Trust in others is low. We dont care for the Dirt on the streets or help a victim like say in an accident. People from Japan would be culture shocked to see and observe the Indian society in daily streets.. [R]It took a fools day to bring everyone together here.: Usually this sub is filled with ugly political discourse users fighting with each other name calling negative news cynicism pessimism and with all together a negative and divided view point over anything and everything. But today i just feel a bit happy a bit more patriotic seeing everyone regardless of what their political leaning is right/left/center no matter what ideology they adhere to no matter if they are pro government or anti government if they are pro Adhaar or anti Adhaar p no matter what their complaints are from the mods today Indians from all around the reddit are constructing expanding and defending their flag our nations flag. It feels so good to see users from the sister subs all working together with a common constructive goal in mind instead of usual negative monotony. Today i didnt see divisions on r/place but united Indian redditors trying to defend when someone was destroying the Ashoka Chakra to erase the attempt of someone writing poo. United we stand Divided we fall. Jai Hind.. It took a fools day to bring everyone together here.: [removed]. [Serious] What happened to our country: 1947 British leave us with the notion well destroy ourselves and burn down the whole country. 1950 We are now a democratic republic with dreams of making it big. Dreams of maintaining dignity amongst all citizens dreams of building up a prosperous and free country with all its plural glory. Read the constitution in its whole and tell me there isnt a wholehearted intent to fulfill the Indian dream. 2017 Many of us live in fear Toe the line or be shunned ...assaulted and harassed. We are afraid to speak our minds we are not free to eat wear read or watch what we want...some of us are so insecure we shut down all and any constructive criticism which might help us rectify our mistakes. Many of us here are too young to care but a lot of people died to free our country from fascist/colonial forces. Most of our freedoms are gone today or in danger of being taken away or exist only on paper. This isnt a rant against any political party or organisation. the degenaration towards our state today has happened over a long time and wont be fixed overnight. Just spare a thought as to why we gave up on the dream of a progressive plural and developed India Why are we so violent towards each other. I think we can do it [at r/place]: [deleted]. Terrorists Open Fire On Army Convoy In Srinagar 2 Soldiers Injured. Political [R]eforms vs Social reforms interesting longread copy paste any thoughts/counterarguments from sane voices...: His M. G. Ranade greatest opponents however came from the political school of the intelligentsia. These politicals developed a new thesis. According to that thesis political reform was to have precedence over social reform. The thesis was argued from platform to platform and was defended by eminent people like Mr. Justice Telang a Judge of the Bombay High Court with the consummate skill of an acute lawyer. The thesis caught the imagination of the people. If there was one single cause to which the blocking of the Social Reform movement could be attributed it was this cry of political reform. The thesis is unsupportable and I have no doubt that the opponents of Ranade were wrong and in pursuing it did not serve the best interests of the country. The grounds on which Mr. Justice Telang defended the Politicians thesis were of course logical. But he totally forgot that logic is not reason and analogy is not argument. Neither did he have a correct understanding of the interrelation between the social and the political which Ranade had. Let us examine the reasons for the thesis. Those that were advanced were not very impressive. But I am prepared to meet the most impressive arguments that could be advanced. Even then the thesis will not stand. The following strike me as being the most impressive. In the first place it could be said that we want political power first because we want to protect the rights of the people. This answer proceeds from a very frugal theory of Government as was propounded by the American statesman Jefferson according to whom politics was only an affair of policing by the State so that that the rights of people were maintained without disturbance. Assume that the theory is a sound one. The question is what is there for the State to police if there are no rights Rights must exist before policing becomes a serious matter of substance. The thesis that political reform should precede social reform becomes on the face of it an absurd proposition unless the idea is that the Government is to protect those who have vested rights and to penalize those who have none. The second ground that could be urged in support of the thesis is that they wanted political power because they wanted to confer on each individual certain fundamental rights by law and that such conferring of the political rights could not lake place unless there was political power first obtained. This of course sounds very plausible. But is there any substance in it The idea of fundamental rights has become a familiar one since their enactment in the American Constitution and in the Constitution framed by Revolutionary France. The idea of making a gift of fundamental rights to every individual is no doubt very laudable. The question is how to make them effective. The prevalent. view is that once rights are enacted in a law then they are safeguarded. This again is an unwarranted assumption. As experience proves rights are protected not by law but by the social and moral conscience of society. If [the] social conscience is such that it is prepared to recognize the rights which law chooses to enact rights will be safe and secure. But if the fundamental rights are opposed by the community no Law no Parliament no judiciary can guarantee them in the real sense of the word. What is the use of the fundamental rights to the Negroes in America. to the Jews in Germany and to the Untouchables in India As Burke said there is no method found for punishing the multitude. Law can punish a single solitary recalcitrant criminal. It can never operate against a whole body of people who are determined to defy it. Social conscienceto use the language of Coleridgethat calm incorruptible legislator of the soul without whom all other powers would meet in mere oppugnancyis the only safeguard of all rights fundamental or nonfundamental. The third argument of the Politicals could be based on the right to selfgovernment. That selfgovernment is better than good government is a wellknown cry. One cannot give it more value than one can give to a slogan and all would like to be assured that selfgovernment would also be a good government. There is no doubt that the Politicals wanted good government and their aim was to establish a democratic form of government. But they never stopped to consider whether a democratic form of government was possible. Their contention was founded on a series of fallacies. A Democratic form of government presupposes a Democratic form of society. The formal framework of Democracy is of no value and would indeed be a misfit if there was no social democracy. The politicals never realized that democracy was not a form of government. It was essentially a form of Society. It may not be necessary for a Democratic society to be marked by unity by community of purpose by loyalty to public ends and by mutuality of sympathy. But it does unmistakably involve two things. The first is an attitude of mind an attitude of respect and equality towards their fellows. The second is a social organization free from rigid social barriers. Democracy is incompatible and inconsistent with isolation and exclusiveness resulting in the distinction between the privileged and the unprivileged. Unfortunately the opponents of Ranade were never able to realize the truth of this fact.. Must listen Podcasts today on Digital India Aadhaar privacy laws Phone Romeos Tourists in India: Digital India Aadhaar Privacy laws http//www.seenunseen.in/episodes/2017/3/20/episode10digitalindia by Devangshu Datta Amit Verma Phone Romeos in India by nytimes http//www.stitcher.com/podcast/thenewyorktimes/thedaily10 Tourism in India https//soundcloud.com/takshashilainstitution/theansweristourism Alex Tabarrok Amit Verma If you dont listen to Podcasts any type daily you are missing a lot in life. Podcasts are something you could listen to while doing normal daily work no time wasted.. /place has an Indian flag Keep it alive. Forced to link all bank accounts with aadhar: [removed]. Must listen Podcasts today from Phone Romeos Digital India aadhaar privacy laws Tourists in India: [deleted]. [R]What is your greatest wish Mine is not to be rapist.: Whats your greatest wish in your life I know mine its that women should stop assuming me that Im a rapist. This has happened to me several times. People tell me that I should man up and just ask her out and when I do Ive been called a harrasser or just rapist. I mean I dont stalk I try not to sound creepy. Im slightly chubby. Never hit anyone in my life. Virgin. Slightly right from the center. Im not a traditionalist and all. I try to talk everyone as politely as possible never harrased never stalked never hit an animal. So why is it that women get their sprays ready whenever Im asking them for a simple coffee date Theres this podcast by The Daily and the topic for the 31st was [telephone sexual harrasment by Indian men]https//dfkfj8j276wwv.cloudfront.net/episodes/ea086bb4787e419badfbc49ad2e7c92b/9629cf416abb9b6819cf10333abf8a1c98faffc121f8ab6ce3c3ae910597d016d3067891778c60c5323d930f304b2a887b80572029f44193bbba16164bdc06f3/TD20MARCH203120FINAL1.mp3. That made me upset slightly infuriated me because I know that Im always be stereotyped as an asshole who wants to go under a womans pants. I think Im slowly becoming a [Herbivore man]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herbivoremen. I never wanted to become one but I think Im becoming one and theres nothing in this that I can stop this. Im not a rapist I can barely hit a fly. Sure Im not ugly but I guess I shouldve been born handsome and rich to override. I fucking hate it when Im stereotyped. You know I think one day men and women would just give up on courtship and the population in India would just drop to zero. P.S. This isnt an April Fools joke.. Must listen Podcasts today from Phone Romeos Digital India aadhaar privacy Tourism: [deleted]. Now that Jio has less users is anybody experiencing higher speeds . Vicks Generations of Care TouchOfCare. The Quint Mob Attacks Nigerian Student with Metal Dustbins in Noida Mall. Then Who Raped and Killed Ayesha Mira. Aprillful articles are coming guys watch out: I found this one Http//telecomtalk.info/introducingttg/162013/. [R] How profitable it is to buy a car hire a driver and enroll your car with ola/Uber in Mumbai: Hi rindia I am planning to buy a car and enroll it on ola is it still a profitable avenue Recently there were protests by driver that they are not getting the promised 1 lakh pm income however I dont plan to get that much. 10k profit should be sufficient. . Here is a list of Missed Call Banking Number for all Banks: The missed call banking service generally requires onetime activation from your number. To get the service activated your number should be linked to your account in bank records. In case not just go online or visit your branch and update your number. However some banks do not require any activation. As of now most banks provide two services balance enquiry and mini statement though Missed Call. Missed Call Banking Number for all Banks Banks Balance Enquiry Mini Statement Allahabad Bank 09224150150 09224150150 Andhra Bank 09223011300 x Axis Bank 18004195959 18004196969 Bandhan Bank 9223008666 9223008777 Bank of Baroda 09223011311 x Bank of India 09015135135 x Bank of Maharashtra 9222281818 x Bhartiya Mahila Bank 09212438888 x Canara Bank 09015483483 09015734734 Catholic Syrian Bank x x Central Bank of India 9555244442 9555144441 Citibank 09880752484 x City Union Bank x x Corporation Bank 09289792897 x DCB Bank 7506660011 7506660022 Dena Bank 09289356677 x Deutsche Bank 18602666601 x Dhanalakshmi Bank 08067747700 08067747711 Federal Bank 8431900900 8431600600 HDFC Bank 18002703333 18002703355 ICICI Bank 02230256767 02230256868 IDBI Bank 18008431122 18008431133 IDFC Bank 18002700720 x Indian Bank 09289592895 x Indian Overseas Bank x x Indus Ind Bank 18002741000 x JampK Bank x x Karnataka Bank 18004251445 18004251446 Karur Vysya Bank 09266292666 09266292665 Kotak Mahindra Bank 18002740110 x Lakshmi Vilas Bank x x Nainital Bank x x Oriental Bank of Commerce x x Punjab and Sind Bank 9223984344 x Punjab National Bank 18001802222 01202490000 Repco Bank x x Saraswat Bank 9223040000 9223501111 South Indian Bank 09223008488 x Standard Chartered Bank x x State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur 09223766666 09223866666 State Bank of Hyderabad 09223766666 09223866666 State Bank of India 09223766666 09223866666 State Bank of Mysore 09223766666 09223866666 State Bank of Patiala 09223766666 09223866666 State Bank of Travancore 09223766666 09223866666 Syndicate Bank 09664552255 08067006979 Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Ltd 09211937373 x The Ratnakar Bank 1800 419 0610 x UCO Bank 09278792787 09213125125 Union Bank of India 09223008586 x United Bank of India 09015431345 8010968350 Vijaya Bank 18002665555 18001035535 Yes Bank 09223920000 09223921111 Some Important points 1 Your Mobile Number should be registered with your Bank to check Bank Account Balance by Missed Call. If you try to use the service even when your mobile number is not registered you will get a message from the bank saying that Your Mobile Number is not registered for this Service. 2 Make sure you are using the same Mobile Number which you have registered at the Bank. 3 Some Banks like Bank of Baroda have limited the number of times you can use missed call banking service to 5 times a day. 4 State Bank of India customers have to follow an extra step to check account balance by missed call. If you are an SBI Account Holder you need to send SMS as REG ltspacegt Account Number to 9223488888 from your registered mobile number. You will get a confirmation message from SBI after which you can start using the Service to check your SBI Account Balance by Missed Call. 5 If you have more than 1 account with the same bank the last opened bank account will be considered as your default account. 6 You can use this service only on Domestic Mobile Numbers. 7 Missed call balance enquiry service is absolutely free of cost Note These are official bank numbers of respective banks. If you have any doubt regarding the authenticity you can verify it through bank official website. If you want to know how to register for a particular bank comment down below and Ill try to help you to the best of my knowledge. P.S. Please feel free to add to this thread if you know something that I might have missed. Do share this with your friend and family members you never know when this might come in handy.. [Showerthought] Being a member of parliament should be like a job. Report to work from 9am to 6pm every week day and when you need to take an extended leave you should get it approved from your bosses... the electorate: Also all MPs should be forced to work from their constituencies and submit weekly reports of the tasks completed vs planned. [serious]Can I get jio sim at a local store or should I only go to reliance digital : thank you.I am on my way checking.. [Serious] Is being nosy a trait of Indian culture: [deleted]. Question about cows and Rabies [NP][R]: Hi there Im currently visiting your wonderful country and I was wondering how common is Rabies in cows specifically calves Im in Rishikesh and a calf licked/touched me with its nose on the back of my leg. The skin there is intact and Ive had the pre exposure vaccine. So should I get the post exposure vaccine or just leave it Do I have any reason to worry Many thanks. [Serious]Movie tickets in Bangalore were supposed to have a cap of 200 from tomorrow how come I dont see it being enforced. How can I become a mod: [removed]. Does the 26 week maternity bill apply to employees currently on maternity leave as well: [removed]. From Victim to Accused How a Thane Court Directed the Initiation of Perjury Proceedings Against a 16YearOld Who Alleged That Her Father Raped Her. ELI5 What is Priviledge Motion in Indian parliament: In this article it sayshttp//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/mumbai/privilegemotionagainstsbiboss/article17525507.ece gt The Leader of the Opposition in the State Assembly and senior Congress leader Radhakrishna VikhePatil on Friday moved a breach of privilege motion against State Bank of India Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya over her comments against introducing a farm loan waiver. my questions [1] What is priviledge motion used for [2] Who decides on a priviledge motion [3] Can its judgements be contested in Court [4] In the above case what might be a possible judgement SBI boss saying Im sorry I shouldnt have said that O knowledgable people of randia please respond. This is why every government gets roasted in india. Social Security Cards Explained: [deleted]. How exactly is Modi govt trying to convert India to Hindutva state by implementing adhaar based policies.: Read a lot of comments here suggesting this. Can someone explain. India is a democracy so it cant really be a hindutva state. What exactly is the privacy issue that adhaar is creating Dont we have our DL passport Pan no etc in govt databases. Doesnt PAN already give financial surveillance power to the government. Why are randians not bothered with that. Wouldnt it be better to have a single card which links all other govt. documents and make it easier for us. Biometric info is unique for everyone. When you have more that one billion people in a database you can expect there to be outliers. No system is fullproof. I believe that there should be a proper channel for grievances related to that. But not using technology to improve the system for fear of hacking is like not getting out of your home for the fear of dying. I want neutral opinions and sensible answers and not the typical antiModi circle jerk. . [R] Studious people of r/India did you at any point despise the education system in India while studying in college/school: I feel frustrated at the lack of independence in choosing our subjects and moreover the obsession of our society with marks. . [NP][R] Can someone please explain the gist of the GST bill. What Indians do in/for the world: [deleted]. Sasikala shooting star [R]: [deleted]. What Indians do in this world: [deleted]. What Indians do: [deleted]. Buying a house with cash in India is a norm whereas in US it is newsworthy.: [removed]. People will always remain dissatisfied no matter what government you choose... This School In Jharkhand Is Using The Power Of Regional Language To Make Education Fun [Old]. Aadhaar Card How i protect my privacy [R]: hello reddit there are few things i want to know and seek your suggestion on Aadhaar Card. Please guide me to correct direction ampnbsp Why this government all of sudden want to make Aadhaar mandatory for everything driving licence to filling tax returns Officially govt says its important but not mandatory but in ground level its mandatory and thats why i lost my LPG subsidy amp JIO rejected to port my mobile number jio twitted back to me with help but in reality they refused saying company policy. If i remember correctly same peoples from ruling was against Aadhaar Card labelled Aadhaar as scam before 2014. Were those statements were pure political stunt and they were opposing because its was from their opponent is this govt so powerful that its showing middle finger to Supreme Court and swiftly making Aadhaar mandatory for everything I strongly believe Aadhaar Card is biggest threat to ones privacy and will never make it for my family. if forced to have Aadhaar or denied any basic rights such as return filling or denied driving licence renewal what would be my option How a middle class people of India like me approach courts in such case if so what would be the process amp is there any NGO will help me in this or they will fear this government and wont help common man Thanks.. Dreading and waiting for the first politician to call that Nigerian guy a Negro: [deleted]. Are people in this sub this retarded: [deleted]. Madhava of Sangamagrama India discovered the infinite series approximations for many trigonometric functions a full three centuries before Gregory and Leibniez.. JK Three stone pelters killed in retaliatory fire near Budgam encounter site. [Serious] People who secretly want India to become a Hindu Rashtra I have a few questions. Please no trolling.: Hi Ive been reading quite a few discussions over the future of India and how it looks to handle secularism as BJP keeps going strong. There have been some great discussions while some have been outright disgusting. Nevertheless I know for a fact that a lot of Indians now secretly want a Hindu Rashtra. Now here lies the problem. NRI Hindus want the western perception of Hindu Rashtra in India which is dominantly about yogas passive spiritualism amp vedic holistic worldwide. Whereas the cowbelt Indians want the emboldened assertive right wing type of Hindu which likes to keep the minorities in place pure vegetarian food ecosystem and no more public display of affection among citizens kind of more of a sour grapes with this one. Of course one common theme among them all is Islamophobia with a little dose of anger reserved for Christian missionaries. Among the hardcore Hindutva followers if their wish was really fulfilled theyd love something mix of an apartheid or Nazi Germany style genocide of the minorities. Now my questions are 1. What is your ideal vision of a Hindu Rashtra 2. Will India as a nation not become destabilized if such a vision was to come true Especially in Kashmir the Southern states and the North East 3. How do you think Pakistan China and Bangladesh would handle the situation if they sense a mass unrest in India because of its rather large minority population Do you want India to pursue the Akhand Bharat vision as well 4. Would you be ok with a possible international boycott and fall in investments because of Indias policies Like how Iran faced sanctions for becoming an Islamic Republic 5. No right wing government in the world has ever been successful in becoming a world power. Do you think India will lose its chance of leading the world if it becomes a Hindu Rashtra 6. Apart from other minorities how would you handle the Hindu population that does not want to see India become a Hindu Rashtra Will be forced to fall in line Especially among the dalits I apologise if these questions seem provocative but I just want to understand the thought process of people who believe in this vision. Feel free to ask me if you didnt get my questions. Thanks. Attack on Africans Five arrested in Noida [r]. I suspect i have ADHD what to do: So i have had this idea in the back of my head since watching https//youtu.be/5GBMS7WPFSs this video by ryan higa but it never really was a big enough deal for me to do anything about it. Now that im in college and the work load is real im having some real trouble keeping up with it now that the old skip dat shite approach doesnt work very well anymore. I want to get a diagnosis for myself but am unsure on how to go about it. I live in noida and was hoping for some help regarding where to go and what to ask for. Im not looking for a crutch to blame all my shortcomings on i just need to know whether im a real lazy sack of shit or is there something physically wrong with the retard brain of mine cause its really messing up my life right now.. ELI5 The new financial bill and the Aadhar chaos.: I have just logged on to reddit and see this subreddits Frontpage filled with financial bill. What did I miss And how does Aadhar reveal our privacy and how much can it influence our lives. What are our disadvantages What is the worst case scenario if the whole nation gets covered under Aadhar. Where is the data to support the governments rationale for linking the Ken and Betwa rivers. The AryanDravidian Controversy. Now that we have WaterProof Phones we can finally perform Poojas on Them [R]: [deleted]. 9YearOlds Suicide In Assam May Be Linked To Mothers Actions Say Cops. Girl Commits Suicide After Being EveTeased In Uttar Pradesh. Web Dev Skills required for 20k/month job: For someone who is just starting out without any work experiencewhat minimum skills can be acquired from online tutorials googlecodecademyyoutube to get a job in Web Development for atleast 20k / month As I understand LAMP stack especially wordpress is the platform of choice and the market is saturated by sweatshops who offer such jobs at poor pay. Hence which skills would set someone apart from the crowd especially for someone like me who needs a job asap. . Is Kerala Poised To Become The First Indian State To Decriminalize Homosexuality. AMA announcement Shashi Tharoor March 29 at 7pm: Hello /r/india As you may already know we have an AMA scheduled with Shashi Tharoor in a couple of days at 7 pm. Not sure if Shashi Tharoor needs any introduction but if you do need one here it is Two time Lok Sabha MP Former MoS for HRD and MoS for External Affairs Served on the UN for 3 decades serving as Under Secretary General under Kofi Annan. Has a Ph.D from Tufts Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy If you have any questions to ask Mr. Tharoor but wont be able to participate in the AMA please ask them here and the mods will direct them to him. [Proof]https//twitter.com/ShashiTharoor/status/846353071684882434 Standard AMA rules apply [AMA is live]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/626l9b/hiimshashitharooraskmeanythingonindia/. [Old] Unique ID System Pros and Cons. Pt 1 The Muslim Gaurakshaks A Journey With The Gaurakshaks Of Ramgarh Unique Stories From India. My friend and business associate died. What is the appropriate way to show respect for a hyderabadi family: The owner of a local pub that I frequent had a stroke and died. What would be an appropriate gesture of respect for their family I live in Seattle. I apologize for my ignorance and appreciate your respect in this matter.. Aadhar access for 3rd party related questions: Like in case Mutual Funds etal you can know through NSDL as to which all organizations have accessed your KYC data is there something similar to know where all your Aadhar has been linked/ used and is it possible to revoke access to specific 3rd parties if so linked. This sub lately...: [deleted]. Nostalgia.. Lets talk about depression urges PM Narendra Modi Times of India: [deleted]. I feel very depressed. I need serious help.: Link to last post https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/60yv2x/nprfeeldepressedidontknowwhattodowithmy/.compact Hi. If you have read the above mentioned post you know my predicament. Long story short Im a doctors son who has lost all interest in Science after horrible results in my boards. Except Biology everything went poorly. This caused me to lose all faith in my capabilities of cracking NEET or JEE and get a decent seat and pass out from there. I have a flair for writing and love reading and talking about different topics. I want ot go for a course in Journalism but parental pressure is serious. So my exams got over. I finally mustered enough courage to tell my parents that I dont want to study Science anymore and want to pursue a career in. Journalism. This caused a flurry of emotions in parents ranging from sheer disappointment to terrible anger. My parents are demanding to know why did I go for a better school to study Science when I didnt get it in my old school. They are demanding to know why did I waste so much of their hard earned money on tuition. They are scared about my future in Journalism if I take it up. Mostly its a matter of reputation and prestige. My father is a doctor and all of his friends sons are doctors or doctorsinmaking. We are a part of a huge family circle and everyone is looking at my results with bated breath. It would cause a huge uproar and they in our circle and they may probably wont have any relations with me in the future. The idea of my parents that Journalism is not a good course is strong. They believe if I do a B.A. in Journalism Ill be like those vagrants sitting around the chaiwalla smoking beedis and discussing politics. They are threatening to disown me and cut me off. I dont know what to do. I feel lost. I also might add that Ive been having second thoughts about this. I wasnt that good in Maths and Science from earlier on just average. I became shit just due to indiscipline and lack of studies. But the fact still remains that Im really not that good. I could crack NEET after dropping one year and working my ass off but will I be able to cope up with all that studies is a question that Ive been pondering about. My parents dont support me at all and have said that they would go their separate ways leaving me behind since I wont be able to fulfill their dreams.. [R] Whats the skill you can learn in one year thatll pay you off in future: I believe most software development skills are widely used today but they were rare back in 90s and people who foresaw that made a fortune or at least got themselves a decent living by starting early. What the skill you can learn now which might be valuable in next decade or so Hows the future going to look like in terms of most valued skills I understand its hard to predict just wanted to know everyones thoughts . Certain progressive women.: I am all for equality of genders and against patriarchy. But what some women do is extremely hypocritical and actually against the idea of equality. What I am talking about is progressive womens dress sense they wear extremely unconservative cloths in public and complain whenever the public looks at them saying cant WOMEN go anywhere without getting starred at this is so frustrating to me I mean Obviously people are going to look at you if you go out half dressed weather its a man or a woman people are going to look at you if youre half dressed and its more out of curiosity and joblessness rather than in a distasteful manner. If a man goes out in public with extremely short shorts and a half open shirt people are going to look at him specially in India so dont make this about women only. I am not saying that women should wear Burkas and sarees what I am saying is that they should dress normally doesnt have to be indian kulcha approved just wear normal cloths equal to what a man would wear normally if you dont want to get looked at. I BELIEVE THIS BUT I DONT BELIEVE THAT ANYBODY HAS THE RIGHT TO HARASS OR HASSLE ANYONE FOR WHAT THEY WEAR AND THE PERSONS CLOTHING DOESNT JUSTIFY ANY ILLEGAL ACTIONS AGAINST THAT PERSON.. Can someone help me understand what this document is trying to say. India In A Day 2016 Film. [Rant] Hathway has the worst customer service. Why do they employ gundas in their team: So I had this Hathway connection for broadband and I put a request on their IVRS for disconnection. A lady calls me the next days and affirms that a guy would be there to take away the modem and other peripherals in the next 23 days. 23 months go by and no sign of any guy or any other person for that matter. I get a call this evening from their customer service representative and he asks me the reason for disconnection. I politely tell him the reasons which I have reiterated several times to other representatives. The reasons being 1 Poor service Sometimes the Internet worked like a charm and at times at the pace of a snail. I would get offers on SMS 100/500 GB extra if you recharge today.. blah blah and after getting the said recharges they gave only 10 GB which would get exhausted within 10 days. After registering complaints I would be assured that the issue would be fixed in a day or two. But it usually took them more than 45 days. This happened twice with me. I was fed up with calling them every single day and waiting on the IVRS not toll free for atleast 1520 minutes everyday for their representatives to pick up the call. Also some friends of mine had a similar problem. He made payment through a debit card and the amount got deducted twice. He was assured that the amount would be adjusted in the next month. In the next month we called up their customer care service daily for the next 2025 days atleast Im not kidding. At last they adjusted the amount but a lot of important work got suspended during that period. 2 Nonavailability of cheaper plans The cheapest plan that they had cost me around 800 bucks including the taxes. I am a student and I stay alone so its quite expensive for me. I told them that I do not use much Internet so I wont be requiring such expensive plans. 3 Jio I also told them that I have a Jio connection which would provide me enough Internet for the month apart from the free calls bundled with the 303 pack. The request for disconnection was made 23 months back and also I made a send request about a month ago but nothing happens. Gunda Customer service representative Now this mawali kind of a guy calls me and asks ne the reason for disconnection. I was fed up of giving reasons everytime and I just told him that I have a Jio connection which can easily cater to my daily Internet needs. I use Internet for just checking messages reddit and other minor stuffs. This seems to infuriates him such employer bhakti much wow. I politely ask him why hasnt someone come to take away the modem etc after registering the request almost 23 months ago. His tone changes and in his typical jaat/gujjar sorry I mean no disrespect to these communities but there are stereotypes accent he asks me to drop an email to delteamhathway.net. I politely ask him what happened to the requests earlier made. Without giving any reason he starts to shout in his typical jaat/gujjar sorry again accent asking me to drop an email or Fuck off not expressly but his tone suggested the same. I furiously ask him about all the shouting he was making. Instead of mellowing down he raised his voice further as if he was some feudal lord of mine and had every authority to talk rudely to me. He explicitly said yahan tera koi naukar nahi baitha hai. Then I politely ask him for his employee ID and his name. He had the audacity to dictate his employee ID and name as if saying jo ukharna hai ukhaar lo. I wonder where does he get such courage to talk in this manner Maybe the top level authorities are jackasses who do not give a shit about their customers and have given such gundas a free hand in dealing with customers in any manner they wish. I had some problem with Airtel Customer Care Representative and when I talked rudely to me I asked him for his employee ID he apologized for his behavior. Im not employing that Airtel has the best people employed but such employees must be trained in a proper manner to not talk in a rude manner to their customers. Arent such things part of their training Shouldnt we customers raise a voice against such elements I wish Scoop whoop or other media picks this up and bring the issue of harassment of customers in mainstream. I know they wouldnt since this isnt scandalous enough. I also know that complaining to the Hathway authorities is going to result into nothing. So I plan to tweet about their shitty services and hope that public humiliation wakes them up from their slumber. What other things apart from pulling them to the court can be done Have you ever faced any such misbehavior I know we hate online petitions but can we collectively make a petition for forcing them to act in a civilized manner and improve their services After all customer is the king right /rant Edit Added the petition part. Corrected some typos. Please dont kill me. Im on a phone. I hope you understand. . Are doctors going extinct [R]. Docs of /r/India Which glucometer would you suggest for home use:  I need one for my home. Have previously got accucheck nano from ebay. But its results were way off mark. Comparing results at home and at clinic. Can I get it calibrated Also there is no control solution available anywhere to check accuracy of glucometer. Any advice ampnbsp Edit 1 Thank you very much for your suggestions. Control Solution http//www.mendosa.com/blog/p3719 or http//www.onetouch.com/support/products/ultra2controlsolution. Does no one think control solution is important for glucometers . Why do we think NRIs PIOs better than us. [Q][Ask] Is the Government in contempt of Supreme court by making AADHAR compulsory : http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/supremecourtremindsgovtaadhaarcannotbemandatory3046983/ http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/righttoprivacyconcernsaadhaarholdercanblockhisbiometricinfogovttellssupremecourt/ . Celebrate India A special video on National Integration: [deleted]. How to make peace with living in India: Let me explain. There are countless threads on r/India about how for a common man living in India is bad and one should get out of this country as soon as possible. Often people say that only those people live in India who dont have means/qualifications to escape to developed countries. On the other hand I see many Indians who live here when they could go abroad with a little bit of efforts and live life with much much better standard of living. I read about honest officers like [U. Sagayam]https//www.iaspaper.net/usagayammaduraitamilnadiantibribe/ and there are many more such people in India. Are these Indians simply deluded and not practical for their own sake What is the motivation for these people How do they make peace with living in India Edit Thanks all for replies. I havnt got the answer but have got new perspectives to think about.. How can an IAS officer be transferred before two years of tenure [e.g. Tukaram Mundhe]: Navi Mumbai Civic commissioner Mr. Tukaram Mundhe was in news last October for local corporators colluding for his transfer [which did not happen at the time]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/cmdevendrafadnavissuspendsnoconfidencemotionagainstnmmcchieftukarammundhe3729371/ Today the news is that he is suddenly [transferred to a different location]http//maharashtratimes.indiatimes.com/maharashtra/mumbainews/navimumbaimunicipalcommissionertukarammundhetransferred/articleshow/57816415.cms. As per old news he took Navi Mumbai charge on [May 2016]https//www.pressreader.com/india/hindustantimesstmumbaihtnavimumbailive/20160505/281638189409766. [According to this 2014 news article in The Hindu]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/fixed2yeartenureforiasipsifosofficers/article5634762.ece Officers of the three premier services IAS IPS and IFoS will now spend a minimum of two years in each posting according to new rules aimed at checking political interference So my question is how was he transferred before two years. Dont try to link Aadhaar with PAN: Few days back I went to one of the main PAN issuing agency for correction of PAN data. As a side note my application was rejected last year due to the infamous surname issue and I had to submit a complaint regarding the same. Even in the last week they wanted me to apply for passport to correct my name in the PAN database because someone failed to differentiate between first name and last name during my initial application. Interestingly no one in the agency thought it would be fun to reject the application back then. The real shock came when they struck down the Aadhar number from the correction form because it will create technical issue in the process. No mine was not a special case I saw many other application forms with struck down columns. I wonder if the system and agency is still not ready for this then why the govt is pushing for the linking of the PAN and Aadhar with all their crookedness Anyone with similar experience . India In A Day 2016 Film: [deleted]. [R] Is there a movie or book coming out that explores the theme of nepotism in Bollywood Whats with the sudden influx of posts. [R]Survivor of Acid Attack amp Gangrape Forced to Drink Acid in Lucknow.. [R] Advice for a career in photography.: I am asking for my brother who just finished his 12th and wants to pursue photography as a career. He does not want to become an engineer. Can you help me with the following A good coaching institution which he can go to over the weekend. MF he will be pursuing some commerce course cuz some degree in the backup. I have found [Udaan]http//www.udaan.org.in/weekendcourse.html andheri mumbai which does that. What types of jobs do professional photographers get into Is it true that the field is on a decline with smartphones Suggestion for a camera which he can kick start his career with. Budget 30k I am not in Mumbai but want to help him pursue what he likes and help me set on a good path. . Aadhaar data leak through Google search: Hi Admins wanted to remove the earlier post as it linked directly to the search. It is an important issue and most of the information can be found in this DNA news article which has thoroughly explained the problem gt http//www.dnaindia.com/money/reportisyoursensitivedatalikeaadhaarpancardsafewiththegovernment2364851 gt https//thewire.in/118250/governmentexposepersonaldatathousandsindians/ gt http//gadgets.ndtv.com/internet/news/governmentdepartmentsareleakingyourpersonaldataandyoushouldbeworried1672758 The search shows that a lot of the data is on state government websites which uploaded them in plan text. Here are the first 10 1. Website of Joint Director Higher Education Konkan Region Panvel. 2. Website of Tripura Board of Secondary Education 3. http//mhrd.gov.in/ Ministry of Human Resource Development 4. MHRD again. 5. National Payments Corporation of India 6. DHLF Pramerica Life insurance 7. APOnline.gov.in Andhra Govt 8. Ambedkar Institute of Technology 9. Employee Provident Fund Kerala 10. Zila Parishad Maharashtra Govt. We are handing out sensitive information to government babus who are clearly not equipped to deal with it. In the previous thread there was also discussion about how this data can be misused. [Here is an example]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/trichy/Aadhaarcardmisusedsayselderlycouple/articleshow/55447167.cms gt Sunnambukara Street in Trichy were in for a shock when their request to exchange old currency notes was turned down by a nationalised bank stating that their Aadhaar card number had already been used to exchange currency. gtI have no idea how it happened. The bank officials tried to help me but it was very clear that someone had misused my Aadhaar number said Pandian. Please restrict the discussion to this thread and do not share any link to any personal information. . I have an Indian colleague who always chews with his mouth open very loudly. I understand this is cultural and he doesnt know any better however its at a point where Im quite to clean his clock over it. How should I try to introduce the concept of manners without confusing and/or offending him: Update Edit Id just like to thank everyone who has responded the answers have given me some good ideas for how to handle the situation in a nice manner without causing offence eg I wont call him bhosdi and I really am appreciative for all of the answers you guys have provided. They have also been funny and interesting to read in and of themselves and Im really glad I asked. For context my colleague is an IT worker here from a Northern Indian state who attended university both in Bangalore and subsequently in Australia hes a smart guy very personable and I have felt guilty for getting so frustrated as I have always felt if he was cognisant people here noticed and disliked it he would not do so. Im relieved I now know how to approach it and TBH even just having talked about it with you all makes me feel less uptight about it you really have been very helpful. From reading all the answers I also realise my phrasing was not very good and its not a cultural thing per se. Without meaning to make excuses for myself as I dont consider this excuses my poor choice of words I did take that wording directly from Quora answers I found before thinking to ask here. Next time anything similar comes up though I will avoid that trap and come straight to the sauce There are lots of answers that give that impression across various such sites but this was so much more productive an exercise and I fully accept that saying its a cultural thing is by no means either fair or correct. Thank you everyone . A verse for thought: Kitne chadhe the Fansi pe Kitnon ne goli khai thi Kyun jhooth bolte ho sahib Ki Charkhe se Ajaadi aai thi. . . How many were hanged How many were shot Why do you spread falsehoods That only the Charkha brought independence. . . Credits to u/stochasticzeitgeist. . Here is a list of fake universities amp technical institutes operating in the country: In an annual report put forward by University Grants Commission UGC it has been revealed that there are 23 fake universities in the country Simply put these schools dont have the authority to grant degrees. Education certificates issued by such colleges are nothing but a piece of paper Bihar 1. Maithili University/Vishwavidyalaya Darbhanga Bihar Delhi 2. Commercial University Ltd. Daryaganj Delhi 3. United Nations University Delhi 4. Vocational University Delhi 5. ADRCentric Juridical University ADR House 8J Gopala Tower 25 Rajendra Place New Delhi 110008 6. Indian Institute of Science and Engineering New Delhi 7. Viswakarma Open University for SelfEmployment Rozgar Sewasadan 672 Sanjay Enclave Opp. GTK Depot Delhi110033 Karnataka 8. Badaganvi Sarkar World Open University Education Society Gokak Belgaum Karnataka Kerala 9. St. Johns University Kishanattam Kerala Maharashtra 10. Raja Arabic University Nagpur Maharashtra West Bengal 11. Indian Institute of Alternative Medicine Kolkatta 12. Institute of Alternative Medicine and Research8A Diamond Harbour Road Builtech inn 2nd Floor Thakurpurkur Kolkatta 700063 Uttar Pradesh 13. Varanaseya Sanskrit Vishwavidyalaya Varanasi UP Jagatpuri Uttar Pradesh 14. Mahila Gram Vidyapith/Vishwavidyalaya Womens University Prayag Allahabad Uttar Pradesh 15. Gandhi Hindi Vidyapith Prayag Allahabad Uttar Pradesh 16. National University of Electro Complex Homeopathy Kanpur Uttar Pradesh 17. Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose University Open University Achaltal Aligarh Uttar Pradesh 18. Uttar Pradesh Vishwavidyalaya Kosi Kalan Mathura Uttar Pradesh 19. Maharana Pratap Shiksha Niketan Vishwavidyalaya Pratapgarh Uttar Pradesh 20. Indraprastha Shiksha Parishad Institutional AreaKhodaMakanpurNoida PhaseII Uttar Pradesh 21. Gurukul Vishwavidyala Vridanvan Uttar Pradesh Odisha 22. Nababharat Shiksha Parishad Anupoorna Bhawan Plot No. 242 Pani Tanki RoadShaktinagar Rourkela769014 23. North Orissa University of Agriculture amp Technology Odisha Other Lists 1. [Un Approved Institutes in Technology and Other Areas]http//www.aicteindia.org/downloads/consolidatedlistofunapprovedinstitutions0512.pdftoolbar0 2. [UnApproved Architecture Institutes]http//www.aicteindia.org/downloads/Archinstitutesnoapproval020813.pdftoolbar0 Similarly the All India Council for Technical Education AICTE has also come out with a list of fake technical institutes operating in the country and there are 279 of them. Uttar Pradesh tops the list with with nine unrecognised universities Delhi has seven such fake universities but the highest number of fake colleges 66 offering engineering and other technical courses. Down South India Telangana has the highest number of fake technical institutes with 43 of them operating without AICTE approval. Karnataka comes next with 23 fake technical institutes. Tamil Nadu Andhra Pradesh and Kerala have 12 7 and 2 fake technical institutes operating in the states respectively. West Bengal and Odisha have 2 each. Tip To prevent students from being duped by such fake universities the HRD ministry has created a website called [Know Your College]http//www.knowyourcollegegov.in/ where you can ascertain the authenticity of their college Sources www.ugc.ac.in www.aicteindia.org . Hi r/india this is another struggling Engineering student with internship experience looking for advice. [R]: Hi redditors this question is no way an attempt to turn Reddit into what Quora has become now. Background Im an Engineering student at a tierII college in Chennai pursuing IT. Since my first semester itself I found out that my interest wasnt really into engineering but finance and management. Since then Ive been aligning myself into extracurricular activities and internships related to these fields 1. Have had three internships till now one at a shitty company as a business development intern had to start somewhere during the first sem at an equity research firm during the summer of 2016 traineeship and during last winter I was interning at a risk management firm working on a pilot project for Standard Chartered Bank. Currently Im interning as a summer analyst at a Dubai based boutique consulting firm. 2. Ive been a part of two racing teams and am now leading the sponsorships and PR of one of the teams at my college. Im also a vicelead if that really means anything at Google Students Club at my college. 3. I intend to work in investment banking after my graduation but my CGPA is shitty. Like way shitty as of now they are on borderline 4 and have way too many backlogs as of now. So my only fear being my rsum would be chucked out due to the grades. 4. I am also planning to pursue the Masters in Management programme but again low academics is what bothers me. Will a great GRE score compensate for low academics 5. Im also trying to get in touch with one of the management professors over here so that I can do a project under him. What do you guys think should my plan of action be Apologies for the long post. EDIT Grammatical error. . An Indian rep r/unitedkingdom on Winston Churchill is no better than Adolf Hitler says Indian politician Dr Shashi Tharoor: [deleted]. Living to defy caste Kowsalyas incredible journey since her husband was hacked for honour: [deleted]. 5yearold girl allegedly raped by building security guard in Bengaluru: [deleted]. Foreigners visiting India for Medical Treatment in the last three years.. Maharashtra hospital doctors strike Helmetwearing AIIMS doctors deployed in unique protest. Anyone want a Redmi Note 4 phone I ordered 2 in todays flash sale but a friend changed his mind: The phone is the 3GB RAM 32GB space Gold color variant. I am located in Bangalore. Here is the link https//www.flipkart.com/redminote4gold32gb/p/itmeqgs9gwrfwpf2 I will cancel the order if no one commits by 10pm today.. Help from Chennai redditors: [deleted]. Indias water governance regime is crying for reforms. [Ask][Serious] People who studied under C C E scheme of CBSE do you think the scheme fulfilled its objective:  The main aim of CCE is to evaluate every aspect of the child during their presence at the school. This is believed to help reduce the pressure on the child during/before examinations as the student will have to sit for multiple tests throughout the year of which no test or the syllabus covered will be repeated at the end of the year whatsoever. The CCE method is claimed to bring enormous changes from the traditional chalk and talk method of teaching provided it is implemented accurately. The aim is to decrease the workload on the student by means of continuous evaluation by taking number of small tests throughout the year in place of single test at the end of the academic program. Only Grades are awarded to students based on work experience skills dexterity innovation steadiness teamwork public speaking behavior etc. to evaluate and present an overall measure of the students ability. This helps the students who are not good in academics to show their talent in other fields such as arts humanities sports music athletics and also helps to motivate the students who have a thirst of knowledge. Source [Wikipedia]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ContinuousandComprehensiveEvaluation. [Ask][Serious] People who studied under [CCE]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ContinuousandComprehensiveEvaluation scheme of CBSE do you think the scheme fulfilled its objective: [deleted]. [Joke] Airtel and Jio are fighting like kids while Idea and Vodafone have married: [deleted]. Are Gay Marriages Legal In India Answers. [R] Why fake news spreads on WhatsApp: I was recently inducted into a family WhatsApp group against my wishes. One of its members is an uncle of mine who is welleducated and claims to be wellinformed. He forwarded a ridiculous message about how cars are killing us with the benzene that their plastics contain. I never post to the group but I couldnt resist. So I replied with statistics from the American Cancer Society that specifically debunk this myth. To this his reply was whatever I forwarded in good faith discard it if you dont believe it. Shows how people who spread misinformation dont think critically in fact they dont think at all. They also dont give a shit about what the truth is and if what theyre spreading is true or not. My question is if educated and wellinformed people like these refuse to think before they forward lies and misinformation over WhatsApp what can we expect from those who arent. Sufi Clerics Return Home With Thanks To India And Hopes Of Returning To Pakistan. [NP] [Serious] Freelancing options for a writer: My gf underwent a knee surgery recently. She had to take a sabbatical from work fashion merchandiser and is resting at home for 23 months. She gets really bored sitting and watching TV all day. She wants to take up any job that can keep her busy and does not require her to leave the house. She is NOT into software/website development. But she can write. Is there anything she can look into. [R] what a wise and witty reply. EXCLUSIVE Kanpur train blast accused Atif Muzzafar confessed that Zakir Naiks hate speech inspired the terror act. Election Commission mulls open challenge to dispel doubts over EVMs. I love my Nation. I dont love love the people of my nation.: I love my nation very much. Then you must be loving the people of your nation too. No I dont love the people of my nation. Why Because they dont love their nation. Who told you that they dont love their nation I have told myself this... . Today on 20th March 1927 Ambedkar started Mahad Satyagraha to allow untouchables to use water in a public tank in Mahad Maharashtra. The date is now observed as Social Empowerment day in India.: In 1927 Ambedkar decided to launch a satyagraha to assert their rights to use water in the public places. His Bahishkrit Hitakarini Sabha arranged a conference on Holi 1920 March 1927 in Mahad in which more than thousand people were gathered. At the end of the conference they marched to the Chavdar Tale the main tank of the town and they drank water from it. At the sabha Ambedkar said gt We are not going to the Chavadar Tank to merely drink its water. We are going to the Tank to assert that we too are human beings like others. It must be clear that this meeting has been called to set up the norm of equality. B.R. Ambedkar in 1927 at Mahad Thousands still march there every year. Some visuals and info gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvieLcKjRAh0U gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvJwhiQPf3jt4 from a film gt https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MahadSatyagraha . [R] Mods banning Users without reason: [removed]. Air Pollution Inquiry: Hello there everyone My name is Gautam and I am an IndianAmerican hoping to give back to my mother country through scientific research and technological innovation. Specifically I am really passionate about tackling the growing air quality concerns throughout India and globally as seen through increasing pulmonary disease prevalence. After 2 years of work with a team of engineers we are honing in on bioengineering solutions to help prevent such chronic diseases from claiming more lives. But in order to do this effectively we need to hear about peoples daily lives concerns and pain points to really get a feel for what needs to be done would anyone be free to answer a few questions about air pollution and its affects on the quality of life in Indias metropolitan cities Hope to hear from anyone interested in helping us. Thanks a lot for your time. Have you ever cried to feel relieved: I do and I wrote a poem about it. If you like it upvote me if you love it gild me. [Sparkle in the sun]https//watstory.com/story/view/1110/sparkleinthesun My tear started to think quietly. It thought in its own language of loneliness. The grammar only guided it to Limit its limitless introspection. Moments it stayed in the eye Were like graveyards. Neither any poltergeist muddled it up Nor any livelihood caught up. The eternal entropy of its being Allowed it to form a drop A dull one Stuck to the corner of the eye. It couldnt see my sorrow So it adopted my eye as its mother. It couldnt feel melancholia Yet it could write a poem. Poems. Poems about inexplicable miseries. Baffled by its own insignificant existence It kissed goodbye to my eye. Passing my cheek through an eloquent conduit It fell on the floor. Only to sparkle in the sun. EDIT Indentation. . What happens to the Indians who go to the US [R]: Have some good friends who left India to go for the US. After sometime they became more and more quiet more distant. They dont talk about things. After a few more years in the next stage they become weird and talk in a sick way. Does anyone know what happens to them after staying in the US for sometime. Anxiety and depression are slowly eating away at my soul and Im not sure how much more longer I can take it.: The story so far 23 year old male currently working in Bangalore Ive only recently moved here for the job. Ive kinda always been lonely since I was a kid. Ive usually had a notinsignificant number of friends but Ive never been a close friend with any of them. Never had a girlfriend or anything close to a relationship. Regardless of how much courage I muster up to do something new the crippling fear and anxiety always holds me back from actually ever trying it. This means that I often tend to suck at things that arent even all that difficult. For example I dont know how to drive. And I really suck at sports that involve any kind of physical activity. The only stuff I do enjoy are the ones that I can do alone. I like to read. Reddit books new articles doesnt matter. And TV has gotten really good. Without those 2 things Im not sure I could have been able to hold together the mess that is my life for very long. Im disappointed with how my lifes turned out. And Im not sure how I can change it. I hope you guys can help somewhat. Thanks for listening to my rant . [R] Problems while completing the TOEFL ibt test order. Is there anyone else that faced a similar problem: I have been trying to order a TOEFL ibt test. But every in the end after filling out my debit card details and going through the banks portal where I give the password I am given the message We are unable to process your order with the payment details you provided. Did anyone else face something like this If yes how did you solve the problem. [Serious] So something not so funny happened today: [deleted]. Growth hacking lessons from religion: [deleted]. [NP][Serious]How do deal with a gunda who lives in the same building as you do: I live in quite a decent sized society with 200 flats. There is however a person who lives on the 3rd floor of the same block as I do who is a... gunda. He has not paid his maintenance for 3 years now. Gradually he has shooed away all the other families on the 3rd floor. He now has the entire floor to himself despite owning just 2 flats there. My dad once brought up his unpaid fees on a board meeting. The next day our car was trashed up badly. Windows broken side mirrors gone the entire thing scratched up... you get the idea. This guy and his family also drink heavily and pass comments on women who are walking on the grounds. My aunt had the misfortune of being in the lift with his son when she was on the way back from work. She came out crying saying that he was telling her things like i like your dog can you be my dog he was drunk. he usually always is. We had to literally hold my uncle down so that he didnt go and pick a fight with them. He recently got the board president beat up because a tubelight wasnt working on the 3rd floor his floor. What can be done about this guy No one is willing to lodge a complaint with the police because 1 he probably has influence there too and 2 hell get you beaten up if he finds out. We own 2 flats in this society and also have relatives living here which is why we dont want to shift. How do we deal with this other than shifting completely . Myntra selling fake Supra Shoes : I was looking for Supra Men White Noiz Sneakers https//www.myntra.com/mailers/CasualShoes/Supra/SupraMenWhiteNoizSneakers/1206361/buy Seems like i found 2 exact same shoes with different name with different price Second one is 500700 rs cheaper Supra Men White Sneakers https//www.myntra.com/mailers/CasualShoes/Supra/SupraMenWhiteSneakers/1203015/buy Should i risk buying any of the two Anyone with personal experience . [AskReddit] Muslims of rindia arent you doing idolatry too: [removed]. [R] Which state would you get rid off from India: [removed]. On Vivek Wadhwas Factor Daily piece titled Why Apple is destined to fail in India. Anyone here got married from Bharatmatrimony or Shaadi: Ive made this throwaway account as this something Im a bit embarrassed to ask. Facts about me Happiness lvl 1.8 lpm at 30 Diet super bike ride to office followed by chicken curry for lunch and KF for catch up with friends Delhi Belly size not much but on special request can roll my belly like a bowl full of jelly Have an own house and car etc etc all those material possessions are there. Problem failed relationship two years ago then focussed completely at work to forget it. Now it feels like Ive woken up from a bad dream with a bad hangover. Ive been searching for a suitor on the aforementioned sites and have been dealing with crap literally it feels like Ive been walking through the Kuuvam or sewage. Most of them reject me because my horoscope doesnt match theirs. Ive walked away from a proposals too mostly because they werent my type too enthusiastic or hyper. Now at 30 staring at my bedroom wall while waiting for the storm called 31 to hit. I dont know why is it so difficult for me to get a companion. I hate to be a guy who complains or looks at the dark side but reality is like this. My question to guys how hard is it for you to marry someone through this process Whats the success rate like Should I leave those matrimony sites and branch out. . [R]Can anyone send me the airline concession form for air india: I cant seem to find it on their website . [R] [Showerthought] If any Indian filmmaker wants to film a zombie apocalypse he should shoot his film while people are playing Holi.: Reasons 1. He/she will find extras free of cost without caring for their makeup. 2. People act like hooligans while playing so hell have to give less directions to them. So possibly less retakes. PS People are playing the colourful festival Holi in my city and getting out of the house for me is terrifying. I fear Ill be ambushed by hooligans. . Rant/Confession of a corrupt Indian student: [deleted]. Indias forced labour migration to Caribbean in 19th Century via TheEconomist. Do you think we should have strip clubs in India Will it help reduce crimes against women [R]: What do you think Considering we already have shady dance bars etc should we legalise strip clubs in India Will the average sexually frustrated man be better off getting a lap dance than leeching on women on the streets Also will women who go into prostitution/escort service be better off if they worked legally and thus get legal benefits of a job as opposed to shady dance bars where they have no rights. Please keep the discussion civil this is not a daily sax thread . [R] Air India 1970 post from r/oldschoolcool. [R] Why are Indians blindly running after MONEY: What i dont understand is that why do Indians run for Money. Wherever i look everyday i see Indians trying to get squeeze every inch of a penny from customers trying to sell everything possible. etc. The people working for salaries like 50k or even 90k or 1.5L a month dont actually have a life. to be honest MY opinion Okay a person earning 1.5 L a month like a cousin in delhi does is extremely busy all the time. I have seen high earning salaried class going to offices from 7 AM 2 hour drive returning at 10pm. Sometimes they are thrown away to projects in other cities for months at a time. And in some places Saturdays are also working. and on top of that fierce competition stress anxiety. I know a person earning 3L a month. He has to go to office at 8am and he returns at 11pm. He works in exports Merchandiser. The stress he is in everyday in unbelievable. He suffers from insomnia and panic attacks. Is this MONEY worth your health People are dying In exchange for What MONEY shit doesnt get more stupid then this. Before people start burning me and asking me how i live my life. I basically started from scratch with clear goals in Mind when i made my own company at age of 21 1 Work only 4 hours a day 2 Holidays 2 atleast in a year 3 No Stress related work 4 Debtfree forever 5 SelfSustaining income 6 Passive income from investments Today even if i dont work i can live through my life from passive income. Hell i can live even without passive income. And a lot of Indians can live like the way i live. But they choose not to for one simple reason. MORE MONEY. A lot of people i know personally. like 95 of them live under loans. Car loans house loans credit card lines PC limits etc. They are basically stuck in a vicious circle of being a spend thrift and then working their asses off to pay the monthly obligations and creating more obligations for themselves for a FAKE future. Although when you transfer yourself into a more frugal and acceptable way of living you will realise that the true happiness if being with your family spending time with kids chilling out in the sun and not thinking you will be late for office. And most importantly being DEBTFREE. Only after that you can think of creating SelfSustaining earning for yourselves. Just ask yourself few questions and maybe they dont all apply to you and maybe a few of them do. But if they do just think why are you doing this and creating Stress for yourself. 1. Why do you need a phone that costs 40k 2. Why do you need to buy a house on loan 3. Why buy a car on loan 4. Why spend what you dont have yet C.C. 5. Why work more than 45 Hours a week 6. Why you go on a holiday and post pictures on facebook EVERYTIME Occasionally its okay 7. Why do you put pictures of the food you eat on Insta FB Twitter 8. Does it feel like you are travelling to various places just to put pictures on your facebook and insta and if it does why do you do it 9. Dont you feel that your Job is hindering in doing what you actually LIKE Travelling Hiking Trekking Exploring etc. 10. Even if you can afford the most expensive phones why do you ACTUALLY need it have you asked yourself that 11. Have you lost touch with various people you loved and WHY have you Lack of TIME 12. Do you want to learn something technical and CANT DO SO EVER Guitar photography boating climbing learning a piano learning another language These are just A FEW of the things which everyone of you must ask yourself. Because ultimately at the end We are all going to die one way or another. And to be brutally honest a lot of people are going to regret how they lived their life. Not everything is about MORE MONEY. And when you die most probably you will be forgotten in 50 years. and that too if you become a celebrity. Otherwise chances are you will be forgotten instantly. I have even seen people mentioning a BALANCE. What balance that you work for 6 days a week for 8 hours a day and then Sunday is a BALANCE because that shit doesnt sound like a 50/50 balance to me. We sleep around 8 hours a day. And the rest of activities we SHOULD be doing in a day would constitute for around 78 hours Breakfast Lunch Dinner Exercise Errands. What you are left with is about 8 hours FREE. in which most of you only WORK. Exercise is totally forgotten. and even that 2 hours for exercise is given to work. Where is the time for yourself to contemplate to think to feel about yourself to do things you ACTUALLY want to do I think even working for 4 hours a day is TOO MUCH. and should infact be only 23 hours. Money is just something the BANKS have created out of thin air on which they ask you to pay an interest. Have you thought about where the INTEREST money comes from which you pay . You guessed it BANKS print them too. There is no Way out of the DEBT system. Only changes in your lifestyle and the way you feel about the world can result in self sustainable income and environment where you can do things you want. Think about these things deeply. . [Showerthought] Good leaders create followers great leaders create leaders: And Modi creates foul mouthed abusivebhakts.. Worst product of Toshiba India. Never ever buy Toshiba TV. You will regret later.: I had purchased Toshiba 32 inch LED TV around March 2013 with three years warranty. The TV created problem regarding screen after 2 year and the same was replaced with a new LED TV under the warranty. The TV model 32L5400ZE Serial no. F175D4J00608G1 was received under the replacement around June 2015. However after 2 years the replaced TV occured a fault. TV gives an error message USB Over Current detect...... The said message does not move away and remains on the screen. TV is not responding to the remote control also. I raised a service request no. TIPLSR2I0026041 and the agent visited to our house to inspect the TV. He asked for Rs. 4500 for just a repair of the mother board. This is exorbitant price for such repairs. I am not at all satisfied with such a tactics of Toshiba of charging exorbitant amount for after warranty service and repair. Cost of TV is very high compared to market whereas the quality of TV is not as expected. Request you to reduce the such a heavy cost of simple repairs. Please raise this concern to your management and please reduce the cost of repairs. Do not loot people for some simple repairs citing out of warranty.. [Dayum Serious] brothers lets OUT the most Voracious Predator of all times Girls.: [removed]. [serious] need some advise urgently: So I took a Volvo for a 15 hr journey and it broke down within 2 hrs of travel time I was stuck in nowhere land and ultimately had to take a lift from a generous truck driver. I am on my way to the Volvo service office and would like to get my money back 1000 per ticket 5 people in total with me. Is it possible The driver of the bus was being an asshole with me didnt give anyone higher ups contact when I repeatedly asked him . [Serious] Guys and girls who have been molested/sexually abused please speak up: [removed]. [Serious] Guys and girls who have been molested/sexually abused please speak up: [deleted]. [R] etiquette question about Rajasthan wedding: Im an American and Ive been invited to an Indian wedding with only three weeks notice. Im incredibly bummed I would LOVE to go but my passport is expired and couldnt get it renewed with a visa that fast. Is it normal for weddings to happen so quickly or is this considered a late invite What is proper etiquette if you cant go do you send a gift Shipping something from here seems crazy expensive any recommendations for Indian companies that would have reasonable shipping and suggestions for what would be considered a normal type of gift. About be a college student require help from Randia. [Aiming for Christ University in Banglore] I have no experience in attending an interview before. Need help to getc an education.: The title is too TLDR. Im a South Indian male in Maharashtra and I have applied to Christ College in Banglore which happens to be my native place sort of for a triple major programme BA PSEng and PSEco and my interview is on the 13th of May. Now this is the only place where I applied so not getting in will be difficult even though Im quite confident. I come from a reputed school and junior college Smt. Sulochanadevi Singhania School with what I consider subpar marks 64 average in 11th and I need some help with this interview specifically from someone who has hopefully gone through the same process before. Now I dont know anything at all about interviews and I have many questions how ironic and Ill be very grateful to have them answered. My questions mainly revolve around a general interview and not what questions do they ask or something like that. The things that I am sure I have covered are my attire and myself. However there are things that I doubt very largely. . 1. What am I supposed to bring to this sort of interview 2. If Im supposed to bring a Portfolio what should that contain In what format Im absolutely clueless. 3. On a scale of 1 to 10 how much can I brag 1 being I am educated and 10 being listing all my talents anything I have ever achieved in life proficiency in Excel and Photoshop etc. 4. How do I convey that I am more than that piece of paper How much should I keep to myself 5. Im not too artsy so how fancy should my portfolio look Is a simple plain printed text sheet enough Im really good at editing though so I can handle digital stuff well 6. How much weightage do my board marks carry I scored well in 10th and stayed afloat in 11th and 12th. Im hoping that my 12th boards will be reflective of my intellectual value so Id also like to know which standard is looked at more specifically or if its looked at as a learning curve. . I might ask more questions later so Id love it if you could answer. Nonetheless thank you so much for reading this anyway. . [R] How serious is Indian police about action against facebook harassment: Situation An Anonymous very generic name think Indian version of John Doe account has sent a few random cringe inducing but not vulgar.. think Will you be my friend messages on FB messenger to a friend and on getting ignored started sharing her pics where she was publicly tagged with her BF college graduation pics on his own wall with statements like When will Miss become MrsLook forward to wedding picsetc... So again not vulgar just.. cringey She does have screenshots but the guy has deleted\deactivated his account and cannot be found now. Does this qualify as harassment under Indian laws Is this something thats worth pursuing with the police her parents are govt employees so I guess that it gives some leverage in getting work done.. Im guessing that FB will still have the IP logs and the ISP can trace back the IP to the owner unless it was via TOR or something but do they FB and ISP release IP logs for such complaints . As Stone Peltings Decrease Burhan Wanis Successor Urges Kashmiris To Continue Violence. Any thinking person born in India would get out of the country ASAP: any thinking person who cares for their life would not stay in India. will get out ASAP I love India but we will never get to 1st world country or even 2nd world. due to our Population resources and average thinking ability of average Indian. you are among top 510 Climate Change will be devastating blow to Populus India. 700 million people in India depend on agriculture will be 900 million in 20 years. total population will exceed top 1.75 Billion people. in worst case 3040 of Bangladesh people will migrate to India due to climate change. 1st world or even 2nd world not with thinking ability of average Indian. not even in few centuries. yes there may be 100200 million Indians maybe you too will live absolute best life but thats just 10 of India.. Another foreign women Raped and murdered. why do women visit India: [deleted]. While I do not claim that BJP has been manipulating EVMs I am confused as to why so many people here become sarcastic and confrontational when faced with the reality that EVMs are not reliable: Anybody who so much as suggests that EVMs are unreliable is downvoted to oblivion. Either that or hes mocked. . [R]/indians were you or anyone you know ever sexually abused: [deleted]. What do you guys think about this Can you believe this: Even when SM is buzzing with allegations of actual harassment by known and famous people UN has to say this [Internet cant be used as weapon of harassment against women UN]http//indianexpress.com/article/world/internetcantbeusedasweaponofharassmentagainstwomenun4568633/ Now when we open the article what do we read There is need for regulation and monitoring of social media platforms and the medium cannot be allowed to turn into a weapon of misogyny and harassment against women in the name of freedom of expression a top Indianorigin UN Women official has said. UN Women Deputy Executive Director Lakshmi Puri voiced concern over the growing prevalence of cyber bullying trolling and voyeurism saying that such threats are magnified for women and girls and pose a big risk for them. We are very much in favour of regulation and monitoring of the world wide web and different platforms that exist like Facebook to say that you cannot in the name of freedom of expression allow this medium to be turned into another weapon of misogyny harassment and violence against women and girls Puri told PTI. IndianExpress sank to such a low level by making it a clickbait headline or did they actually goof up in their english. I made a subreddit for the ongoing icse examinations.: [removed]. [R] TVF and Arunabh Kumar how do you define Sexual Abuse: There are a lot of women coming out with their experiences with arunabh. While the sexual abuse cases should be dealt with severely incidents of flirtation merit no response. This begs the question for general clarity What do you think Sexual Abuse is Where do you draw the line Most importantly how do you supply proof for such incidents because without that all discussion is moot and nothing will improve ever.. Firangi Official Trailer 1 2017 Kapil Sharma Ishita Dutta Tam.... Drought tightens grip on South. Question for recruiters or people with substantial corporate experience in India: I work in a Big 4 firm in India. Long story short my partner has committed what can only be considered fraud and most of our team including his boss know about it. I decided to report him to the global reputation office and the firm is taking action against him. Obviously I lodged my complaint anonymously but everyone knows that it was me that reported him. I now feel that continuing in this organization is not tenable from me and have decided to move on. My question is what do I tell potential employers as the reason for which Im looking out for a new job . [R] A case study to go into the psychology of a person who feared Holi. Call to all psychiatrists of r/india. Serious: So on the context of Holi I would like to share a fear of mine. Ever since I was a kid i am in my late twenties now i used to be scared shit of Holi. I was just scared of all the colored faces and dhols during the days leading to ot and after it. The fear was so real that it often messed up my exams even the board exams. I remember when I was in eightth standard when it used to be a board exams my dad had to stand outside of the class so that I could atleast sit and write exam. My mom might color me here and there thinking that it might help me get over my fear but it didnt. The day of holi used to be the longest day for me. When I joined the college i wasnt really that scared of it but those haunting memories made me return to my home during it thriugh out the four years. Fast forward to present I am not scared of it anymore but I still dont go out and participate but those red faces still takes me back sometimes. So what do you all think is that I never shared this with anyone or talked about it. My childhood friends still call me on Holi and we laugh about it. I tried to read about it on internet but didnt find anything. Hoping some of you knowledgeable person could shade some light on it so that I could help someone else struggling with it. Hope everyone had a fun Holiday . [serious] A case study to go into the psychology of a person who feared Holi. Calling all the psychiatrist of r/india: [removed]. Woman gangraped by BPO employees in Delhi jumps from first floor to escape. Patriotism amp the Government Standup Comedy by Kunal Kamra. [R] Randia I need some help for my brother: Happy Holi to all of Randia. Im posting here for the first time. Its a lengthy post but please bear with me. My brother turns 16 this year and I am very worried for his emotional wellbeing. He doesnt have any close friends whatsoever and generally feels ostracized because of the kids at school kids around 1516 can get very nasty. He is bullied because of his appearance pimples and somewhat dark complexion his ungainly build and perhaps his kiddish accent. He isnt good at any sports. He is what people would call a soft personality. But I think that is more a result of constant bullying and a lack of acceptance from his peers. He used to be a really spirited bubbly and cheerful little boy as recently as 2 years ago but I guess things have changed now. I would say he is mentally strong and is able to cope with loneliness for the most part. But I guess every person has a breaking point he recently broke down when some kids flat out refused to play with him. He needs acceptance from people of his age group. We are a very loving and supportive family but that isnt enough. He told me he doesnt look forward to weekends anymore because there is nobody to spend time with. He ends up staying home watching YouTube videos or going for a movie with my parents. The fun time with friends the playing outside everything that one associates which a happy childhood has completed bypassed him. He is now a quiet boy who is reluctant to share his true feelings simply because he has never had anyone to share them with at his level. Thankfully I have maintained a close relationship with him but the age gap between us is around 11 years. I want to help him but I had a very forgettable childhood too and I dont have any practical tips for him. I recently enrolled him into an MMA class which he seems to like. I hoped it would make him stronger and more confident. I dont know if this class has actually had any positive effect on him. He will most likely take up PCM in 2 which will mean tuitions late nights and more misery. I want my brother to be happy. Can you suggest anything that I can do for him Maybe a hobby or a personality development class or anything.. [Old] Sabina to Nandini Kashmira to Kavita Rukaiya to Rumpa Roshna to Jyotsna. Today on 13 March 1940 Shaheed Udham Singh avenged the Jalianwala Bagh massacre by assassinating Sir Michael ODwyer.: A fantastic video by ska vengers https//youtu.be/VuYgICoMer8. [R] Why do we watch movies. Taking up a new identity in India [R]: Skipping the sad story part I want to severe all ties and move on. a the list of documents I need so I dont have to re contact anyone/be manipulated into coming back. any alternative to physical documents b any other LPTs is is possible to forge documents amd take up a new identity 27 F . Is Threatening Women with Rape and Death Nationalism An Interview with Gurmehar Kaur. The need for a museum on British colonisation of India [by Shashi Tharoor]. Irom Sharmila to marry longtime partner Desmond Coutinho after Manipur election. [R] Wife is upset about receiving 21K gold: [removed]. Wife is upset about receiving 21K gold: [removed]. Must I Have This To Live A Happy Life: [deleted]. Have 3 tickets to Above amp Beyond Bangalore. Selling for cheap.: The gig is today. Please let me know if youd like to buy. [R] SOP Help for MS: I am applying for MS in Comp. Sci. in Canadian Universities and looking for help related to SOP. Which online SOP resource/pattern/methodology did you find the most helpful I am asking this as I have drafted a rough SOP highlighting all my accomplishments and reasoning for applying with future plans but I am unsure how to frame it into a strong SOP. If its not much could you guys share a SOP youve personally written so I can get an idea preferably from someone who got selected due to strong SOP and mediocre academics. Thanks any help is appreciated.. Why hasnt two wheeler taxi picked up in India as it happens in Bangkok. Did Winston Churchill Kill 4 Million Indians. 12 CRPF Men Dead As Maoists Ambush Security Team In Chhattisgarhs Sukma. I lost motivation in studies to get a job.: [deleted]. [R] What about ecigarettes: Statutory warning All forms of smoking kills you Smoker since almost 12 years 5 cigarettes a day. Yes an addictMay be already a Mukesh walking. Tried ecigarettes in 2011 found it useless especially in terms of throat hit. May be technology advanced found decent brandevolve now and its not that bad. Have been at it 5 times a day now since a week. Didnt touch cigarettes since then. Now I fear I might get addicted to this. I found too many different views about smoking ecigarettes online. Anybody here who can throw some light if this is the right way to quit smoking Do ecigarettes have worse effects than regular cigarettes P.S Im an avid Reddit reader and not a contributor coz I know Redditors are brutal and murder you for senseless posts. So here Im apologising in advance if this doesnt make a lot of sense. This is the first time Im admitting about my addiction and just needed some help. . [R]This facebook post about a girl with stains on her jeans has started getting attention from the media. What do you guys think about it. ICICI Being a male means you need to pay Rs 2.2k/year extra on your home loan: [deleted]. Consumer harassment by Dell India: [deleted]. A quick start guide for NRIs considering moving back to India: [deleted]. Consumer Harassment by Dell India.: [removed]. Centre will implement 3language formula Minister. Inglorious Empire India strikes back: [deleted]. UN chief mulls talking to India Pakistan on Kashmir [R]: [deleted]. Student Needs Help: hey there I am cbse class 12 PCM student currently giving boards. I am interested in joining merchant navy deck side. Can someone give more information regarding the examinations that i should be applying. I am very much confused by the information i found online. Is it too late now Also recommend some books for preparation. Edit 1 I am more confused than i came here Edit 2 Thanks to SubOrchestrator for helping me i researched around for whole day. Finally got this sorted through. Thanks to all. Whats with the high difference of rates at bookmyshow: [deleted]. Nepali man shot dead by Shastra Sema Baal SSB again over local dispute. Is mainstream media aware about it: Story Link http//kathmandupost.ekantipur.com/news/20170309/nepalimanshotdeadbyindianpoliceinkanchanpur.html This is not the first time armed Indian personal entered and shoot Nepali citizen. This time it was over local dispute some other time it has even happened under the influence of alcohol. Is mainstream India ever aware of such events in peaceful and friendly NepalIndia border Do such event ever make news. [R] Exit Polls Discussion Megathread: UP 403 Channel SP Cong BSP BJP Others MRCNewsX 120 90 185 8 TimesNow 110130 5574 190210 8 ABP NewsCSDS Only Phase 3 2531 913 2733 02 ABP NewsCSDS Phase 14 98122 3046 102126 02 Chanakya 88 15 27 12 285 18 3 2 Manipur 60 Channel BJP Congress AITC Others India TV 2531 1723 0 915 CVoter 28 20 0 12 Uttarkhand 71 Channel BJP Congress Others News24 53 15 0 IndiaSamvad 53 15 2 Chanakya 53 7 15 7 2 2 Punjab 117 Channel Congress BJP Akali Dal AAP Others India Today 6271 47 4251 02 Chanakya54 9 9 454 9 0 2 News24 54 915 54 0 IndiaNews MRC 55 7 55 0 Goa 40 Channel BJP Congress AAP Others NDTV 15 to 21 12 to 18 0 4 28 MRC 15 10 7 8 . Anyone had interiors done for your house of late Share your experiences please: Getting interiors done for my new house. I have so many questions. Whats your take on the material for cabinets Particle board MDF BWR commerical grade How about all those German fittings Soft close auto close.. Do they hold up well over time They were fantastic in one showroom that I saw while in another place where they had old cabinets it was completely crappy. How do I verify I got the material I paid for They will build everything off site and bring the painted and finished product and install it. What if they use normal plywood when I paid for MWR Any recommendations for a reputed store in Bangalore Every store I go to I cant help but feel Im getting ripped off the way they market and sell it. And there is so much variance in their prices that I dont even know whats a good budget for a normal 2BHK. Thats it for now . Mumbais Mumtaz Asias First Woman Diesel Engine Driver Gets Nari Shakti Puraskar. [Serious]Besides your main job what additional income streams do you have: What additional income stream you have besides your 95 job. Try to be a little more specific dont just say investing or real estate instead try to give us a little more detail so that we can learn. Inspired by https//wwnp.reddit.com/r/financialindependence/comments/5y10ls/besidesyourmainjobwhatadditionalincome/ I think it would be good to have India specific discussion.. Swami Aseemanand an 6 others acquitted 3 convicted in Ajmer dargah blast case. [R]If you are given an opportunity to make a difference in India without any consequences what would you do and how would you do it: By consequences I mean to you personally.. Taapsee Pannu Swara Bhaskars sassy take on how much cleavage is good. Happy Womens Day r/India. Lucknow encounter ends terror suspect linked to BhopalUjjain train blast killed. An Open Letter to Karan Johar to Teach Him What Nepotism Means. [R]Folks and programmers on r/India need some advice long post inside: [removed]. [R]Folks and programmers on r/India need some advice long post inside: [removed]. HELP Think I was a target for an OTP scam. What should I do: [removed]. Hi /r/India After getting fed up with Airtel I decided to make a tool that might force them to improve their service and I thought maybe you would all like to use it.. Hi /r/India After getting fed up with Airtel I made a tool that I thought maybe you all at /r/India would like to use and give some feedback.: [deleted]. How can I improve myself to get a job here: [removed]. [R]About Serial Killers. What are the most notable Serial Killers in r/India: Very curious about this subject. We read a lot about H.H. Holmes Otaku Killer etc. but what about ours What are the most notable Serial Killers from India Considering our average fucked up childhood in our country we are bound of have some notable exceptional killers. Can you list them. Question for a student who went to the US on a F1 visa after the new immigration policies.: How was it Did you have any problems What extra documents did you have to carry Im just a bit scared Im going back home for a few weeks and I dont know what will happen at the airport when I try to come back. . What happens if I make international calls on Jio [R]: Im on Happy New Year Plan. I.e. Im not paying and they dont have my card no. Does this mean the call will simply be blocked What about incoming international Resubmitted because I forgot to flair. Mr. Kejriwal where is your 300 page proof against Sheila Dixit. YSK you can report spam just by sending one SMS: If your number is registered with DND. You can Send message to 1909 in format ltfrom whom you received spamgt about ltaboutgt ltspam numbergt ltdate format DD/MM/YYgt Send the message and in 1 week you will receive message stating number is closed.. Theres a good reason why Nordic people look so damn healthy. [R] What are things i should know before i take a health insurance: [removed]. My Uncle Met With An Accident a Few Months Ago With An Uber Cab and Now Uber is Trying to Remove their Name From The FIR: [removed]. Bengaluru Minor girl sacrificed to cure sick uncle seven relatives arrested. The angle of human sacrifice was probed when the police reportedly recovered a lock of hair turmeric and lemon from the bag.: [deleted]. [NP] [R] Looking for off the beaten track Andaman Island recommendations: My husband and I are going to the Andaman Islands for 8 days leaving tonight Last minute decision from Colombo. Although it seems they are fairly well off the tourist path as I look into them they do seem to have quite a bit of the usual tourist offerings SCUBA snorkeling underwater bubble walking scooter rentals. Were excited to have a week of RampR but would love to do a few off the beaten track things and are looking for recommendations. Individual historical or cultural tours with locals the opportunity to volunteer secret beaches nonexploitative ways to see animals doing what the locals do or anything interesting basically looking for ways to scratch beneath the surface. If anyone has any personal connections or ideas please post here Thank you so much. . India is a top source and destination for worlds migrants. Hampi In the Blink of My Eyes. [R]What songs do you suggest to your foreign friends: Many people have asked me to share with them songs from India and I am so lost on what will be a good introduction to the Indian Music Industry be it from films local artists or classical. What would you suggest to someone unaware of our music. [AMA Announcement] Vikramaditya Motwane director of Udaan Lootera and Trapped and Rajkummar Rao acted in LSD GoW Shahid Queen Aligarh Trapped among others March 10th 5 PM: Greetings /r/India We have an exciting AMA with Vikramaditya Motwane and Rajkummar Rao. Please find the details below About Vikramaditya Vikramaditya Motwane born 6 December 1976 is an Indian film director and screenwriter for films like Dev.D 2009 and Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal 2007. His directorial debut Udaan 2010 was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard category at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival and also won seven Filmfare awards. His last film was Lootera a bigbudget Bollywood period romance released on 5 July 2013. Motwane was a longtime assistant of Sanjay Leela Bhansali and collaborated with Bhansali on the films Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam 1999 and Devdas 2002. He directed the song sequences in Anurag Kashyaps unreleased film Paanch 2003 and was Choreographer on Deepa Mehtas Academy Awardnominated film Water 2005. Motwane released his debut feature film entitled Udaan 2010 for Anurag Kashyaps production house Anurag Kashyap Films on 16 July 2010. which won seven Filmfare awards including Filmfare critics award for best movie and also won him the Best Director Award at the 2011 Star Screen Awards. Motwanes second film a period romance called Lootera was released on 5 July 2013. Motwane is coowner of Phantom Films a film production company with Vikas Bahl Anurag Kashyap and Madhu Mantena. About Rajkummar Rajkummar Rao Yadav is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi films. Through his film career Rao has become one of the most promising new actors in India and has received a National Film Award and a Filmfare Award from three nominations. Born and raised in Gurgaon Rao graduated in arts from the University of Delhi and later studied method acting at the Film and Television Institute of India. After graduating he moved to Mumbai for a film career and made his film debut with the 2010 experimental anthology film Love Sex Aur Dhokha. In 2012 Rao performed a series of small but significant roles in films like Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2 Chittagong and Talaash. He achieved success for his breakout role in 2013 with the drama film Kai Po Che for which he was nominated for the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor. That same year he was awarded the National Film Award for Best Actor and the Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Shahid Azmi in the biographical drama Shahid. In 2014 Rao played the leading man in the successful dramas Queen and CityLights. Rao received critical acclaim for portraying a journalist in the biographical drama Aligarh which earned him a second nomination for Best Supporting Actor at Filmfare. Date amp Time March 10th 5 PM Verification Photo https//pbs.twimg.com/media/C5M6KcU0AArNp3.jpg Note This is an announcement thread ONLY. The actual AMA will be posted by our guest few minutes before the AMA. Please post all your questions on that thread. Questions posted here will most likely not be seen or answered by our guests.. [SERIOUS]I predicted that the west will go Nationalistic in coming years and the reason is simple...: [deleted]. [AMA Announcement] Gul Panag Actor Entrepreneur Activist and Politician March 8th 7pm IST: Bio gt Gul is an actor and an entrepreneur who is one of Indias most powerful opinion makers and thought leaders. She is a frontline advocate and activist who regularly engages and facilitates dialogue and debate on critical issues of gender equality and justice environment issues fundamental rights secularism corruption and political accountability. Gul holds a Masters degree in Political Science and is a affiliated with the Aam Aadmi Party .Her social and political activism has had her being recognized as one of the most influential voices on social media and a youth icon. Verification https//twitter.com/gulpanag/status/838382346533416964 Date March 8th Time 7pm IST Website http//www.gulpanag.net/ Note This is an announcement thread ONLY. The actual AMA will be posted by our guest few minutes before the AMA. Please post all your questions on that thread. Questions posted here will most likely not be seen or answered by our guest. Edit AMA is now live https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5y7vw3/amawithmeimgulpanag/. [thoughtcrime]Maybe adding 1984 We Slaughterhouse5 in our literature curriculum would be way better than adding Harry Potter Tintin etc.: But then again the children would engage in rote learning and absolutely learn nothing. But then again I remember everything from my literature and classes and children would be more realistic in their expectations/worldview.. [sandasvichar] When /r/india doesnt have total free speech and expression how can we demand full freedom of speech and expression in a country as diverse as India: [removed]. AAP supporter has been booked by BJP for tweeting a crass cartoon on Modi u/s 125 of Representation of People Act and u/s. 67A of IT act. His twitter account apparently has been suspended too. What are your views on this /r/India: [deleted]. Abuse of power by mods: [removed]. So I was using the Ooniprobe app checking for censorship apparently www.LesbianSubmission.com is being censored...... TIL in 1969 the Bombay High Court disbanded the existing board of Bennett Coleman The Times of India and constituted a new board under the Government. [R] If a drunk man can be held liable for doing something wrong then why arent drunk women held liable for their decisions: I asking this in the context of the previously popular thread https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5uwlo7/drunkwomansconsentforsexisnotvalidsays/ While drunk both do stuff they wont do otherwise. Now before all of you start slamming me for being illogical and sexist please note that this is just something I came across in a comment on FB. I do not support harassment of women or doing any illegal stuff. . The hypocrisy of r/India regarding the privacy of people on internet: [removed]. Just wanted to take this moment to thank you all: [removed]. [R] I need a smartphone on rent for one month urgently in Mumbai/Pune any suggestions: My stupid Moto G4 is barely charging anymore since the slot is loose. I need to give my phone for service. But I just cant find the time to go to service center on working day nor can I afford to go without a phone for too long. I need a phone till March 31st cause I will be travelling till then. Any suggestions. [R] Do you guys still torrent : If yes from where and what . What is the earliest memory you can remember correctly. Turning 30 in 4 months no sign of facial hair on cheeks: [removed]. TIL of Malabar rebellion antiBritish rebellion that lead to antiHindu violence by the Muslim Mappila community of Kerala in 1921.. How do you guys game: So I recently started playing online. My college blocks steam so Im on Vodafone 4G. The ping is horrible I usually get 300 ping and it sometimes goes 900. Fortunately the game Im playing these days doesnt block you out on high ping Paladins Some of my friends use Jio free but that has started shitting them as well disconnecting every few minutes since the past 2 weeks Im thinking of investing in a nice VPN since my college internet is otherwise really fast. I cant get a wired connection since hostel doesnt allow that. Any suggestions for VPN / 4G ISP Mumbai Which ISP / VPN do you guys use to game. [R] NRI people Have you made many local friends abroad or are you with Indian community : I was wondering how you people manage to socialise in a new environment. Are you feeling socially isolated or are you feeling integrated Ive heard that in the western countries life can get pretty lonely at times. Please let us know the place you are in and the general perception of the locals in your town/city about Indians. I understand there are all kinds of people everywhere but I am interested in your anecdotal experiences and not the general statistical truths.. [R][Serious]Mother is making my life hellish to get married.: [removed]. Public university lays off 79 IT workers after they train H1B replacements. I am moving to India but dont know where.: I want to immerse myself in a different culture. Im a vet on disability so I have a constant income. I just made my mind up today bit have been thinking about it for a few years. What would be the best way to find a job Where is the most best place to live as a foreigner American. Im sure English teachers are needed. Can I find a host family somehow. Any help would be greatly appreciated. These four colored baby chicks were purchased from street vendor in 2011. My family enjoyed there company very much.. India now has a 2.2 Total Fertility Rate. Can we stop fearmongering now: The latest round of the venerable National Family Health SurveyNFHS for the years 201516 came out recently. It has statewide as well as national data on a range of human development indices. But I did find this gem in particular. This is for total fertility rate. NFHS4 201516 NFHS3 200506 2.2 2.7 The source document is [here]http//rchiips.org/nfhs/pdf/NFHS4/India.pdf. Given that India has an unbalanced gender ratio this means that the effective fertility rate will be even lower as tens of millions of men wont be able to find a spouse. India is already at replacement rate fertility. And we could easily see it creep below 2.1 in the coming decade. Please stop pretending as if Indians are having crazy amount of kids. Its completely and factually inaccurate. Yes India has a high base and all that but the rhetorical is fundamentally divorced from reality. . Khoob jamega rang jub mil baithenge kuch Indians Reddit par. Theres Irrational Confidence About U.S.India Relations Under Trump. Indias GDP numbers Lets have a rational discussion: Readings http//www.economist.com/news/financeandeconomics/21696546feweconomistswholeheartedlybelieveindiasstellargrowthrateelephant https//www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2016/11/20/hsbcsaysdemonetisationwillslowindiasgdpgrowthby1/3bdfb6da65bb http//blogs.economictimes.indiatimes.com/folktheorem/at76indiaisthefastestgrowingeconomyorthebestdatafudger/ http//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/indiagdpfastestgrowingindianeconomy2841900/ 1. What do you guys think the current methodology reflects 2. What have you read about our economists rationale for the methodology Thoughts 3. Independence of statistics office and other agencies from govt interference Discuss away. If you have relevant links ill will add it here so everyone can read be informed.. Srinivas was an optimist fan of Arnab proud of Modi Slain techies wife in touching FB post. This countrys police system is fucked.: This is a fucking rant about our broken and fucked up police system so heres my account..... Last week my nana grandpa came to delhi for some work and unfortunately his wallet got stolen in the market near my house. My grandpas wallet had a couple of hundreds and most important of all aadhar and pan card was in it which was very important as he had to go to Hyderabad with us in the evening. Thankfully he had photocopies of the aadhar card for airport security check but also got filed an FIR just to be safe what if they dont accept the photocopy. Now we are in Hyderabad and the police guy calls and says you have to come to the police station immediately my grandpa says that he cant come he is not in town the cop understands and hangs up the phone. Through out the time in Hyderabad the cop called us to come to the police station my grandpa said he couldnt come over and over again. So after 4 days we comeback to delhi in the morning and my grandpa has to catch a train for his place around noon. Again cops starts calling my grandpa to the point where he is harassing him to come to the police station or to take back the FIR. So after 3 more days of harassment my dad had to take back the FIR and the worst part is that thula was expecting a bribe for taking back the FIR that fucking chut. This was about a small incident i cannot imagine how they handle major crimes like rape and murder. It is a sad and sickening to see such sorry state of law enforcement in india. For poor and middle class people India is a literal hell. .  She has a right to express her views and anyone who threatens her with violence or rape is the lowest form of life. Virender Sehwag on Twitter: [deleted]. This is picture of Labrador pup which we brought around 4 years back. He was around 29 days when came our home.. Indisc[r]iminate ban policy: [removed]. Miniature species of frog found in India.. [Serious] NGO Recommendations for donation: R/India I am looking for nonreligious organizations to donate to especially those who work with atrisk children/women and education. What am I looking for Does not use social work as backdoor to perpetuate religious dogmas A good fiduciary dedicated to its mission Good fiscal discipline share of the money that goes towards mission v/s administrative expenses. Online donation option preferred What are your recommendations PS No I am not going to donate for your Holiday/Marriage/Poverty fund. So dont bother asking. . Please recommend some good govt. institutes for vocational courses in Delhi. Is youtube trending page broken: I saw some random Arabic Trap music on 1 on trending with just 600k views. And most of the comments were How is this on 1. AskIndia Whats the IT startup scene like in the state of Kerala [Serious]: Im thinking of moving to greener pastures for working/launching my company. Have been in Bangalore for 5 years now and exploring if fellow South Indian states are a better choice. In case the question gets too vague for you you may use this suggested formatting which is about the factors affecting building a software enabled company/working for one in the state Favourable Unfavourable. GurmeharSehwagSubsetSupersetArgument: Gurmehar A is superset of B. Its not simply B who killed my father its A. B can be a bullet pakistans sniper pakistans soldier pakistan army pakistan country etc. if A is war Sehwag A is subset of B. Its not simply B who hit 300 its A. B can be Sehwag Indian Cricket Team India etc. if A is a bat If you still think both arguments are same God please raise IQ of the country . [serious] Dear Indians what things about India are you proud of: I was thinking about this and realized that could use a well reasoned dose of patriotism to counter all the cynicism Ive been feeling about our country. So r/Indians what things about India are you proud of What do you think is cool about our country Edit I guess nonIndians are welcome to answer as well.. Dissolve student political bodies : past year and half and history has exposed student political bodies are total scum. then why are they still not dissolved . [R] Kerala Alleppey the skies open up to brilliant blue the sea and the backwaters glitter in shimmering silk. [LPT] Always use credit card for High Value purchases online.: Incase the item is faulty not delivered or not as described and if the seller/marketplace refuses to replace or issue refund you can file dispute with banks credit card division to place a hold on the transaction neither party will get amount until bank investigates the claim. If seller is at fault transaction will be reversed.. How do you spend monthly on your fitness and diet [R]:  Edit for clarification How money do you spend on Gym and related food other expenses fitness related. UIDAI loges Fir against the person who disclosed the vulnerability in the system.: [deleted]. So heres how I have been dealing with Bengaluru autowalas. You can try the same in your cities.: We all know these guys never go by meter. I agree with they ask for and then after reaching the destination I just pay the correct fare. Yesterday itself I agreed to pay 100 100 and 170. But then I paid 50 50 and 70 respectively. They tried to reason but then I always told them that they didnt go by meter. But one thing is I never ask them to stop near their addas. Take them to a place where you can argue and safely get away if the situation turns violent. If you live in an apartment complex take them inside and pay whatever the right fare is. What can these idiots do anyway If you keep on agreeing with whatever they demand for 100 will be the new 200.. [R] Kerala Mayyanad Beach during dusk Along Thanni Pozhikkara Beach Road. [R]Need help. Is my life over[R]: [deleted]. [R] Should I take multi vitamins without prescription from docs: If yes which do you recommend . /r/india its nearly summer. Lets talk environment. How has the environment/climate changed where you live: Is it hotter Is the humidity more Is it grimier Is it better Do you think India is prepared for gradual rise in sea levels as well as environmental refugees water conflicts internal migration from regions affected by heat . [R] Kerala Varkala Beach View from the Cliff Top. Patanjali Lucky Draw. Potential Scam Please read. [R]: Regular Randian here. Using a throwaway account. So today I received a call from someone claiming to be calling from Patanjali. He first asked whether he was taking to FirstName LastName. My name is not generic. In fact there are only 2 people with my name on this planet that I know of. So really really rare. On confirmation he informed me that I have won a lucky draw contest and my prize is a Tata Indica car. Now Im not a regular user of Patanjali products in fact I make a point of not buying any of their products. I did buy one Patanjali cream from Amazon in September 2016 for my mother and that is the only Patanjali purchase that Ive made in my entire life. He went on to tell me that this is regarding the Patanjali Moisturising cream that I bought. He knew the full name of the product. He then told me that I have two options. Either to take the car or to take the cash 560000 Rs. in full. For car theyll deliver it to my house. For cash Ill have to send my account details like account number bank branch and IFSC code and he will drop the cheque. Ill also have to pay 1 TDS and they cannot adjust it in cheque because the cheques with them are preprinted. So hell drop the cheque and then Ill pay 1 TDS 5600 Rs and then the money will be cleared and deposited into my account. I told him to let me discuss the options with my family and get back to him. I cut the call and I see that Ive received a message from VKPTNJLI informing me about my win. It mentions a company Patanjali Herbal Limited and I cant check whether such company exists or not because MCAs website is down. It also had a customer care number 18001216541. I search for Patanjalis customer care and it is a landline number 0130xxx. In fact theres no mention of 18001216541 anywhere on the internet. Against Fraud 1. Knew the product name my name phone number and even my city etc. Pretty sure he knows my full address. 2. VKPTNJLI One has to register as a telemarketer with TRAI to send messages from VKxxx. 3. 1800 number is given only to companies. And it comes with a significant cost. For Fraud 1. 1 TDS does not exist. 2. Asking me to deposit money before sending me money. Classic swindlers trick. 3. Very limited time window. I only have 30 minutes to decide how I want my prize after I would forfeit it. 4. No mention of this lucky draw anywhere. If a company does a lucky draw for 5 Lakh they spend 50 Lakh on its promotion. But here no promotion. I called Amazon and enquired whether they share the data with companies. The representative checked my details and said it was Amazon fulfilled order and theres no way my data could have been leaked. And Amazon does not share customer data with anyone. The rep was almost dismissive. I received a call from them again. And he told me everything once again. He told me I have three options 1. Collect the car personally from Tatas headquarters in Mumbai. Ill have to be in Mumbai by tomorrow. He knew I wont be taking this option because he knew my city and theres no way I could be in Mumbai by tomorrow. Get the car delivered. In which case Ill have to pay some amount as a transit insurance to them. Get cash. But this time he didnt say anything about TDS but instead told me that Ill have to pay about 1 as OTP charges mandated by RBI. It is because my entire money has to be transferred online and it has these OTP charges. Now this is where I confirmed that this was a fraud and told them I wont be collecting my prize. The question is how did they come across my information. The item that I bought was Amazon fulfilled. Amazon does not share my information so how did they know which product my name my tier 3 city. How did they get a 1800 number How did they send message from VKXXX What do you guys think. Patanjali Lucky Draw. Potential Scam Please read. [R]: [removed]. Laptop needs repairing: Any good repair shop in Patiala My laptop is not turning on after an...accident... Dont want to go to the official service centre utna paisa nai apne paas. Help your nikka veer.. DU student gangraped 5 held. Indian Media is the greatest Manufacturer of News humanity has even known: Manufacture News and make it famous from nothing kind of news of just few people. make it seem as Viral and then MILK the story again and again and again.. Indian Media is the greatest Manufacturer of News humnity has even known: [deleted]. Media makes Mountain out of a mole. manufactures News. best example is placard holding: [deleted]. [R] Kerala Gods Own Country: [removed]. [R] Kerala Gods Own Country. [R] Will be visiting AjantaEllora. Cheap/affordable place to stay nearby: Hey everyone Looking for a little help Pretty much what the title says. Additional info Will be going there for 3111213 march. Solo Not looking for something more than 500600/night as Ill be only using the room for crashing in the night. Okay with hostel/dorm. Any help would be appreciated TIA . Why are sensationalised titles and sites allowed here in recent days posting directly from far left wing.: [deleted]. [Serious] Quality Content: There is a noticeable lack of what I call quality content in the Indian scene. By quality I am talking about lighting fidelity picture quality audio quality editing crispness and so on. I havent seen quality in Indian cinema TV or any other platform. However now I can see groups like AIB having outstanding production value. Do any of you any such individuals or groups Indians that have similar production value for eg Dave Lee is my favorite YouTuber in terms of quality Please list them or yourselves down below for some due recognition and a procrastinators entertainment. . Coimbatore Nearly 500 held for protesting Narendra Modis unveiling of Isha Foundation statue. A few thoughts on the shootings in Kansas: Greetings Two engineers from India Srinivas Kuchibhotla 32 Alok Madasani 32 of Overland Park [were shot at in a bar in Olate Kansas]http//www.kansascity.com/news/local/crime/article134459444.html. Srinivas died of his injuries while Alok survived and is recovering. 24yearold Ian Grillot of Grandview was also shot while trying to defend the victims. We are deeply saddened by the damage to all the lives and families caused by the shooters actions. Please consider donating to the gofundme pages of the victims. Srinivas https//www.gofundme.com/srinusfamilyrecoverysupport Alok https//www.gofundme.com/madasanikuchibhotlarelieffund Ian https//www.gofundme.com/a645diansroadtorecovery We are grateful to the Govt. of India Ms. Sushma Swaraj [for offering their support to the family]https//twitter.com/SushmaSwaraj/status/834973776022396930. We would like to extend special gratitude to Ian Grillot for his selfless and heroic actions that possibly saved other lives in the bar. People like Ian are the silver lining during such dark times and we wish him and Alok a speedy recovery. Thank you for remembering that an attack like this serves only to remind us that were one global community that looks out for each other and events like these rare as they are will not make us give in to hate and intolerance. . The Free School Under The Delhi Metro Bridge [Hindi turn on CC for subtitles] [R]. Buy Customised Trophies Awards Medals Online With Ease Now . Bhagat Singh here. AMA: [removed]. Ramjas College Fracas Here Is ABVPs Side Of The Story. Ramjas College Fracas Here Is ABVPs Side Of The Story: [deleted]. [Serious] Is there any anonymous postal service in India: Title. I have one wacky idea to implement and in doing so I need one truly anonymous postal service paper based and/or object based. If there exist how do I contact them So far all local courierwallahs denied to do so.. [R]Kerala Victim of moral policing man ends his life. 2 Indian nationals shot 1 dead in Kansas City. Suspect yelled get out of my country before shooting men he thought were Middle Eastern. [R] IT gone mad company wants us to work this weekend as month of February has only 28 days and not like other months of 30 days or so...: [deleted]. TIL Zigeuner the German word for Gypsy derives from a Greek root meaning untouchable and is used to refer to Roma people who originated in Punjab as nomadic people and entered Europe between the eighth and tenth centuries C.E. TIL Zigeuner the German word for Gypsy derives from a Greek root meaning untouchable and is used to refer to Roma people who originated in Punjab as nomadic people and entered Europe between the eighth and tenth centuries C.E: [deleted]. /r/indias Official Discord Server and how to join: [Invite Link Click here to Join.]https//discordapp.com/invite/Z8hCANR So many of you may know we started the server last week. To join click the invite link and if you are new to Discord you may have to claim the account. That is done so by adding your email address. If you already have a discord account you dont have to do so. Next we require verification with Reddit account to prevent spam attacks. You can do this in two ways a Do it directly with Discord To verify your Discord account with the Reddit account go to user settings gear icon bottom left gt connections gt reddit snoo and connect your reddit account. Please make sure that you check the Display on profile box while connecting your reddit account temporarily until one of the mods verify your profile. b PM one of the mods here or admins on Discord If some of you already have Discord accounts on other servers and dont want to make your Reddit account details public or if you just dont want to connect Reddit with Discord you can do this. PM me or any one the admins online on Discord and they will guide you by asking you to PM from your Reddit account. The Verification process is manual so please be patient. It might take upto 12 hours sometimes to verify. We would love if even more people joined the server. Its seriously fun. Give it a go guys. . [serious] Indian citizens who entered the US in 2017. Any reliable info on issues at Port of Entry: We have all seen the number of messages spreading on WhatsApp Facebook clickbait websites etc about the problems at Port of Entry. Now all of that seems to have calmed down a little. I have not heard of anyone with a H1B being denied entry/deported from the port of entry. Do you know of anyone in your immediate friends circle who has been unfortunate/unlucky enough to be denied entry If so what happens in cases where people already have a footprint in the US [house/car/schools for kids etc etc] How does one go about tying up those things if one is denied entry. [Serious] Why is Sunny Leone so popular: IndoCanadian here. I do speak Hindi and steeped in Indian cinema. Ive spent a lot of time in India. Why is Sunny Leone so popular No seriously. She is a former porn star from Canada in a conservative country where kissing is not very common on the screen She isnt a great actor she has fake boobs and very little by the way of class. I can see her appeal in her sex appeal but other Indian actresses are way more naturally beautiful. Is it because she titillates If so why didnt other annoying Mallika Sharwat wannbees like Poonam Pandey Veena Malik who have tried everything from nude photo spreads juicy linkups staging catfights offer to strip fail to make it I think Im missing a piece of the equation even though I do speak Hindi and I have lived in Canada half my life. Why do people like her so much What am I missing . [NP] [R] Help needed any animal lovers around Hampi: [deleted]. [Serious] Friend wants to remit money from India to abroad how can he do this: Friend wants to remit his own legal money worth 20 lakh from his bank account to another friend staying abroad. What are the ways of doing this. [Discussion] Why is there still a cultural clash between North and South India [R]: I lived in Chennai during my formative years and developed a poor opinion of North Indians in general due to my exposure to certain radical elements read super orthodox aunties and maamis. However over the past few months my opinion has changed drastically after interacting a lot more with them in my daily meetings as well as this sub. I find myself deeply appreciating the cultural diversity of our nation and am saddened that even in this postmodern age of information and communication this underlying animosity continues to thrive. What are your thoughts on this P.S I feel that the Northeastern states are a bit more neutral with respect to both sides but are still the subject of some social stigma.. Mildly interesting telenor . Buy Newborn Baby Skin Care amp Baby Bath Products Online. NRI/People living in different state than their parents what plans do you have for helping your old parents: I read this article [Coping with age when families are distant]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/copingwithagewhenfamiliesaredistant/article17342747.ecehomepagetrue gt With vast and growing numbers of Indians in the workforce emigrating to foreign lands typically to North America Western Europe Australia or parts of South East Asia many Indian families are now experimenting by either taking their elderly parents along with them or when that model fails owing to the loneliness of the elderly in a new country and their dependence on their children they are sent back to India to face their uncertain twilight years more or less alone. It talks of costly senior colonies I guess a polite word for old age home that are coming up. Have you thought about this option . [R] Bereaved Goa hotel reservation available: Hey so got word of grandmothers passing early morning. Was scheduled to be in Goa from 23 to 26. Hotel is half paid for. Cancellation will be charged at full so might as well someone of you use it and renumerate me some if not full of the cost. Hotel name is Palolem Guest House Superior Room. Have a look and PM me if you like. Ill share rest of the details over PM. Thank you.. Randians who studied at a madarsa how are you doing today I have a few questions that I wanted to ask. I think that the madrassaattended randians will invariably be muslims.: [deleted]. URGENT I misplaced my Camera bag at Delhi International Airport. What are my chances of getting it back How to go about it [Serious]: I misplaced it outside the arrivals Terminal 3 near the cab pick up point. Since I have a train to catch now I have to leave and cannot go back to search the area. One of my friend is going there to have the place checked. Does anyone of you have experience with lost items What are my chances PS I have already registered a formal complaint via lostproperty.dialgmrgroup.in. Also I have checked with them on their hotline number and so far nothing similar has been reported. Any help or insights are appreciated. Update The CISF had picked it up. My friend was able to retrieve it from them thankfully. So randians how many children do you plan on having And how many unplanned ones will you allow: [deleted]. Top 20 Travel Destinations in North Kerala. A Hindi speaker pronouncing Kannada as Kannadd is correct because thats what the language is called in Hindi: Ive had to explain this to a lot of people after I moved to Bangalore. A Hindi speaker saying the word Kannadd is not wrong Languages are called by different names in different languages. This is not very different from the Hindi word for Tamil being simply Tamil while a native speaker will say Tamizh the zh sound being very hard to pronounce for a nonnative speaker. There are various examples of this across international languages too French is called Franais natively Spanish is called Espaol. References https//hi.wikipedia.org/wiki/E0A495E0A4A8E0A58DE0A4A8E0A4A1E0A4BCE0A4ADE0A4BEE0A4B7E0A4BE https//fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/FranC3A7ais https//es.wikipedia.org/wiki/IdiomaespaC3B1ol tldr Dont get offended we live in a diverse country. Will women in India EVER be safe Rediquette: A South Indian actress got sexually assaulted and the media has been relentless trying to cook up sensational details. What the fuck is wrong with people Women who speak up or come forward after ANY assault should be allowed to choose if they want their identity revealed. The cops need to treat this matter with utmost confidentiality and integrity if victim chooses confidentiality. The media and press should not be allowed to print or reveal any information of the victims without their permission. If anyone violates the law there should be arrests and hefty fines upto 50 crores. These are just fucking common sensewhen will WE change. Living in the shadow of the Bhopal disasterold. [Serious] would like some perspective here. A really close friend flew down because of visa issues. While the process is taking time the stay has been extended. which is driving me nuts because Im supposed to entertain her and its completely derailed my routine which is messing with my head.: I live in a clean modest apartment. But ever since I get to hear things like why dont you have an ac why isnt there a tv. We are really close. But I feel her lack of understanding for my situation is affecting our friendship. I have to be on Skype calls every night. However because of this I am unable to concentrate. Also does this make me a mean person Sorry for the rant . Hindu Samhati Marks Foundation Day With Huge Rally In Kolkata.[P][Serious]. The 2016 Citizenship Amendment Bill Consolidates a Trend Towards a Majoritarian and Exclusionary Concept of Indian Citizenship The Caravan. Did any randian participate in Neeya Naana debate show which was aired on Feb 19: The show was about whatsapp forwards and rumours. Hello Americans Cultural exchange with /r/AskAnAmerican: Hey folks Today were having a cultural exchange with the people over at /r/AskAnAmerican . This thread is for people from /r/AskAnAmerican to come over and ask us questions about India. Feel free to flair yourself from the sidebar we have textbased flairs and continental flags so get creative if you want to. /r/AskAnAmerican will also be hosting a thread for us to ask them questions and talk to them [right here]https//www.reddit.com/r/AskAnAmerican/comments/5uycl3/rindiaculturalexchange/. Feel free to go ask them stuff you guys can flair yourselves too. This goes without saying but please be civil. It goes without saying that you must respect the rules of the subreddit you are participating in. This is a time to celebrate what we have in common not grind an axe. . Monk who believes in the religion of Science: [deleted]. NDTV Are We A Republic Of Hurt Sentiments With Karan Johar And Tanmay Bhat. Indian regions by predominant carbohydrate source in diet: [deleted]. 65 Indian Women Literate 5 Have Sole Control Over Choosing Their Husband. [Ask][Serious] How long does it take to have a Forensic image of android phone : Hi all my phone stopped working and i took it to a phone repair shop. The person there took it to a small room at the back of the store and came back after 10 mins saying the battery has to be replaced which i got done and came back. Now iam worried if he took an image of my phone in those 10 mins i have some very personal pics videos in my phone.So my question is can a forensic image of a phone be taken in 10 mins Thanks in advance.. [R] Youre the PM of India how would identify every citizen without compromising privacy : And provide government benefits directly to the citizens effectively. [TIL] In 2015 Reddit received 11 requests from Indias cyber crime investigation dept to remove content for disturbing public order. None were complied with.: https//www.reddit.com/r/20reddit.com/wiki/transparency/2015wikirequestsforremovalofcontent . [R] what are some good places for people watching : Bangalore preferably. Cultural Exchange with /r/Askanamerican: Hello /r/India We are excited to inform you that weve a cultural exchange scheduled for the 19th with /r/Askanamerican For users new to this concept /r/India will make a post here where users from the other sub can ask questions. A corresponding thread will be made on /r/Askanamerican where you can ask questions Remember to follow subreddit rules of the sub youre in.. Being Sexist [R]. Which phone does the prime minister of India uses: I was just curious to know if he uses normal iPhone like he did before or we have a special one for him like US has for their president.. Men of /r/India share your honest opinion would you be comfo[r]table with your girlfriend/wife dancing at a public event : [deleted]. [R] [NP] HDFC refuses to close account. Need help.: Hi I have been trying to close my HDFC account for around 2 years now. They are not helpful at all. I live outside India so its tough to visit the local branches but I did and submitted all paperwork more than 2 months ago. They still refuse to close the account and deduct money for lower than minimum balance. Id rather donate all the money to charity but I dont know how to since I cut all my debit cards and returned all my documents. Ive written to the manager of the branch as well and nothing has been done. Can someone either tell me how I can donate all the money in the account or tell me how I can contact someone who will take some action and close the account to return the money in it. Amir Kaise Bane How to become Rich in Hindi : [deleted]. [R] Whats a 1.6lpm crowd. Randians who are listeners/counsellors on yourdost.in or 7cups.com how has your experience been like. [R] Hey Reddit Please help a 19 year old get into MITs Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp: Hey I am Sreyas a 19 year old Product Design student at IIITDM Kancheepuram. I have been selected to be a part of MITs Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp in Brisbane Australia this March. This years edition of the Bootcamp has seen 4000 applicants worldwide out of which 70 were chosen to attend the bootcamp. So whats my entrepreneurial idea about It has become commonplace to hear any of the statements below Sharma ka beta 95 layatu kyu nahi laya Computer engineering mein scope hai Literature math padoplacement nahi hoga Creativity and Freedom of choice are often missing when it comes to making an important career decision. Cultural and Social norms define the way we choose to live our lives. Sometimes when we have the freedom to take our own decisions it turns out to be wrong. How do we balance different elements How do we inherently understand ourselves My goal is to help people understand what they are passionate about and help them find fulfilling work. My solution attempts to provide a structure to the selfdiscovery process and help people navigate through the sea of uncertainty and chaos .It will help people reflect better and help them connect the dots. Please help me make my idea a reality by contributing to my fundraiser. Every contribution would get me a step closer to attending the bootcamp. Please spread the word on social media and help me raise the required funds to attend the bootcamp Contributions however small are welcome Here is a link to my admission letter [http//imgur.com/a/zSjOq]http//imgur.com/a/zSjOq For Donations in INR DebitBank Account transfer enabled [https//milaap.org/fundraisers/helpthemitkid]https//milaap.org/fundraisers/helpthemitkid For International Donationscredit card only [https//www.generosity.com/educationfundraising/helpmegettomitsentrepreneurshipbootcamp/x/16061102]https//www.generosity.com/educationfundraising/helpmegettomitsentrepreneurshipbootcamp/x/16061102 Thank you for your time please share it in your network.. [R] Hey r/India please help a 19 year old to get into MITs Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp: [removed]. [R] Hey r/India Please help a 19 year old get to MITs Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp: [removed]. [R] Hey r/India Please help a 19 year old get to the MIT Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp: [removed]. Why cant I seem to find the 128 GB variant of the OnePlus 3T on Amazon.in: How do I buy it in India. [R] Hey /r/India Please help a 19 year old get into MITs Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp: [removed]. [R] Hey /r/India Please help a 19 year old student get into MITs Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp: [removed]. Introducing the /r/India Discord channel: We have a new Discord channel that for /r/india. In order to participate you need to have 1.Verified Discord Account 2.Connected Reddit Account. All new users will be placed in our welcome channel and no other ones without the ability to speak. They will only be able to read the rules. Once you verify your Discord and connect your Reddit account a moderator will go through a final approval. Once done you can participate without any barriers. The final approval by our moderators may take some time please be patient. Thanks Discord Link https//discord.gg/Z8hCANR. Help Leaving company within a month of joining to join another company: [deleted]. AMA REQUEST Bajarang Dal member on r/India: i have question to ask if anyone here knows or works for bajarang dal them we can start an ama. [R] Medical Insurance that covers clinics and OPDs.: Is there any medical insurance that covers treatments that doesnt require hospitalisation and covers most of the disorders/diseases.. PSA if you want your govt to be more accountable then you need to know how to file an RTI.: [deleted]. That Feeling Called Love. Alternative facts alternative medicine.... Photos British officers in India continued to use Islamicstyle seals even during colonial rule. Saw this strange ad in todays Hindu. Anyone knows what is it Also whos the guy next to Mallya: [deleted]. Saw this strange ad in todays Hindu. Anyone knows what is this And whos that second guy btw: [deleted]. Tipping point revealing the cities where exercise does more harm than good. Difference between a Gurgaon Startup founder and a Malayali Businessman: Gurgaon Startup founder Runs a business that makes a loss of Rs. 4 for every Rupee of sale drives a BMW/Audi uses an iPhone 7 and gives million view TedX speeches on How to run a business. Typical Malayali businessman Runs a business that makes Rs. 60 for every Rupee spent drives a Maruti Alto or takes the State Transport Bus uses a Nokia 1100 and doesnt even speak English. . People needs to calm the fk down for next few monthshere is why..: People who cant control their mind must read this in this election most of political parties and their P.R. team is highly active. e.g BJP/CONGRESS/samajwadi/AAP you will get more news about rapes/anti minority/anti dalit/anti kulcha just tons of negative news is coming within few months. fake news muslim targeteddalit targetedChristianityi doubt targeted news are coming this month. also yearly famous tactic will be used this election A politician attacked B politician. mob attacked abc party member. ABC politician announces to give free laptop and wifi with 2g bandwidth.. yearly cow/pig related news stolen and got killed by mobabc political party Buffalo died on railway track and A political party balms modi for it. fake survey are coming too 80 of indian minority fear under this state/governmentno. of people surveyed 10 people brace your self more click bait news are also coming govt. announces free water for all people clickbaitwithin 10years political parties will suddenly start living inside a house of garib/poor people will suddenly start feeling more compassion towards people due to election.. people getting caught with new black money and with alcohol.. a political leader will announce to ban alcohol to brainwash a minority as always media will be paid by their political parties you will start getting spam sms/ads on mobile and tv.. repeated news helps you to brainwash people and get desired outcome.. Repetition compulsion psychology technique will be used to target people.. it will brainwash people and shape their strong opinion on a particular political party.. people getting caught taking money via paytm/upi app.. these are my observed news pattern thank you for reading add your clickbait news title if you are aware of it.. my motive is to make people calm down.. dont take every news seriously most of them are targeted.. i hope this post might help somebody who is confused why i am getting negative news .. thanks again ... have an amazing day . A disrupters guide to Indias defence budget. [AskIndia] How does it work if elected reps work for ISI/CIA/KGB: [removed]. [R] Jammu and Kashmir 2 Army jawans 4 Hizbul militants killed in gunfight encounter over search ops on. [R]Mans worldA sketch on gender reversal. Mans WorldA sketch on gender reversal. IT minister says BHIM App has crossed 14 million Registration.. How has your experience been w girls [Reddiquette]: [deleted]. Kolkata eats healthy but works out less Survey Times of India. [R] [SHITPOST] TIL there are two types of girls..: [removed]. Much more gender discrimination in US than India Union Minister: [deleted]. [Serious] Farmers of r/india what are the problems faced by you during a year and what could be the possible solutions according to you: The problems must be related to farming like access to credit irrigation supply chain poor yields etc. . Farmers of r/india what are the problems faced during a year and what could be the possible solutions according to you: [removed]. [PSA] Mental Help Resources for Indians: [removed]. Mohammad Afroz the Juvenile Rapist of Nirbhaya. Aliens in India.: Randia if aliens come to India what will be the most insane thing according to them Insane city Insane TV show. Did anyone buy the Xiaomi Mi Max Prime If yes then how is it working. TIL about Raman Parimala an indian mathematician known for her contributions to algebra.: her wiki page https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RamanParimala does anyone here can do a ELI5 about her works . [R] Hi r/India what can I ask a guy wholl be visiting my place for arrange marrige setup: This will be first time when someone will be coming to considerscrutinize me for marriage. Im nervous we research more for a job opportunity than marriage that sometimes we do for only 6 months and this is life long deal. What do you even ask Hows weather How do you check if the person is compatible The kundlis Im open to suggestions.Though Im sure this is going to be buried down maybe Im making this too big of a deal . EDIT Hey everyone Thanku so much its over finished. It went okay. . Distribution of Jain population in India: [deleted]. [Desi Showerthought] The whole demonetisation fiasco now seems like a big game of Calvinball. Government and RBI being Calvin. Description in Comments: [removed]. Indias Own Baghdadi How This Maulana Has Carved Out A Mini Islamic State In Mamatas Bengal: [deleted]. [r] My Vodafone data balance query returned this. Getting SMS asking me to topup balance. Can someone explain. What a[r]e these fees. [R]What do you think of people living in slums: Please dont hold back anything and be honest.. [R] Vande Mataram has special place but cant be on par with Jana Gana Mana Centre tells Delhi HC. Indias Stonehenge 7000YearOld Megalithic Site is Oldest Observatory in South Asia. AMA Announcement Kumaran Mahalingam Geologist Limca Record Holder for longest StandUp Paddling SUP and StandUp paddled across the length of the Ganges for 2600 kms Feb 9th 630 to 830 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We have an interesting AMA lined up for you. Please find the details below About Kumaran Kumaran a Geologist by profession works also as a StandUp Paddling Explorer and Instructor in the Bay of Life School at Chennai. He works along with several schools in promoting environmental awareness among children and conserving local water bodies. As an enthusiast in promoting the sport he has done SUP across several water bodies across the country. He is a 3 times Limca Record Holder for the longest StandUp Paddling and most number of SUP across different water bodies in India SriLanka and Malaysia. He has recently completed a 2600 Km long SUP across the length of the River Ganga along with his team mate Shilpika Gautam. Date and Time Feb 9th 630 830 PM IST Verification Photo Coming soon. AMA Announcement Nidhi Goyal disability and gender rights activist Feb 9th Thursday 430 530 PM IST: Greetings /r/India We have an interesting AMA lined up for you. Please find the details below About Nidhi Nidhi is part of the NGO Point of View and the head for the Sexuality and Disability program which talks about sexual rights of women with disabilities. As part of their work to eliminate stigma and prejudice against women with disabilities they are raising their voice and joining hands with the global movement one billion rising a campaign which uses arts to talk about womens rights. Nidhi has been working in the field of disability rights for years now. Apart from that she also consults with a range of national and global womens and human rights organizations like Human Rights Watch and CREA. Nidhi is also on the board of Standing Tall an Indian affiliate of Handicap International sits on the advisory board of Voice a grant making facility by Dutch Ministry and has served on the international planning committee of AWID Association for Womens Rights in Development. Finally she is a stand up comic artist who uses humor to challenge prevalent notions around disability gender and sexuality. Date and Time Feb 9th 430 530 PM IST Verification Photo Coming soon. DST Office dating: Keep your office dating relationship stories coming so that I dont feel Im only weird one here.. Pakistan bans hit Bollywood film [R]aees. What do you do and how much you earn: [deleted]. [Old] Army jettisons good morning adopts Jai Hind. [R] Tonights Sax Thread: Sorry for the clickbait. I need some urgent relationship advice. I am from Mumbai and there is this girl in Bangalore. A female person who I know I shall not say whom for doxx prevention connected us she comes from a somewhat conservative south indian family same state as I am and RIGHT NOW HER PARENTS ARE ACTIVELY LOOKING FOR A GROOM. So I have texted this girl before..waay back in September of last year. We hit it off really quickly. We were connected specifically for the purpose of dating. I am single and ready to mingle. This girl has zilch dating experience and is very shy but very cute and intelligent. Anywaaaays... I have just quit my present job and am moving into a new one. My new organization has an office in Bangalore and they have flexible working policies you can request transfer after 6 months of probation so even if she cant come to Mumbai I can go to Bangalore. I have never met this girl but we really hit it off. I like her and she likes me too the girl who connected us sent me whatsapp screenshots. The problem is this girl has a serious lack of self confidence and self worth. She is goddamn pretty and smart but she thinks she is fat she is pleasantly plump and unworthy of anyone. She is also hungover some guy she had a thing for in college who did not reciprocate her feelings. Her parents are also far far more conservative and connected to our states heritage than me. I have forgotten my mother tongue but I have secretly harboured the hope of hitching with someone from the same state to rediscover my roots and teach my kids their mother tongue Cause daddy doesnt know jack shit. Anyways.. What do I do guys My notice period is ending in March and I have a couple of weeks to go to Bangalore and meet her if I want to. While this is certainly not a loveydovey DDLJ situation it is still the closest thing to a relationship I have had in the last four years or so. Also..this girl likes me. This has rarely happened to me before. The only reason she stopped chatting with me is that she thought the effort is useless and did not want to lead me on since her parents were looking for a groom and the long distance and her selfesteem issues. Also she thinks I am too westernized for her parents to approve. I just want to convince her that this is something worth giving a shot. Edit Also I am one year younger to her. Something which is apparently ghastly to her mother. . PSA Paytm has outsourced its tech support to a BPO and that company has access to all of your transactions and profile data.: [removed]. Experiments To Derail Trains Archive Footage from World War experiments: All the recent train derailment news reminded me of a video I watched a couple of years back on reddit. In March 1944 the United States intelligence agency predecessor of CIA conducted a number of experiments to help determine the best way to derail trains. The results were presented in the film Derailment. The film discusses amount of explosive used technique etc. The key learning for me from the film was how difficult it is to derail a World War steam engine train. Having watched that footage I always found it quite odd when the news started reporting that derailments were planned across India by keeping stuff like cement block on the train tracks. I am absolutely no expert on this but as a layman one would assume that rail safety would have improved and not deteriorated since the world war. Id like you to watch this video gtgt https//www.youtube.com/watchvD8gV4DJZUw [7 Minutes long] Even without the Indian news context it is quite fascinating. Now after watching this think about some of the news articles and governments assertion gt [Two more attempts to derail trains prevented]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/twomoreattemptstoderailtrainsprevented/articleshow/56799365.cms gt According to the official the loco pilot of a passenger train detected fish plates missing between Koderma and Maheshpur under Nawalshahi police station and stopped the train averting accident at Dhanbad division. gt In the second incident fittings were found missing on the track between Bariarpur and Ratanour in Malda division. gt Earlier a major mishap was averted on January 24 after an alert Jan Shatabdi Express loco pilot stopped the train spotting a 15feet rail piece on the track near Diwa in Mumbai. gt On January 23 another possible train accident was averted at Hajipur in Bihar due to an alert patrolling team of the Railways. Two stone slabs that were placed on the track were detected in time and removed. gt Alarmed by these incidents Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu has already sought a NIA probe into the recent spate of derailments suspecting sabotage. Any saboteur worth his/her salt would probably be trained that placing stone slab or stealing fishplates will not cause derailment. Then why are we conjuring up this hysteria The more likely reasons are hidden in nonsensational articles like [Rising derailments also due to excreta corroding rail foot Railways]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/2z5g8n/risingderailmentsalsoduetoexcretacorroding/ [IndorePatna Express derailment Train was carrying more passengers than its capacity]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5e16ks/indorepatnaexpressderailmenttrainwascarrying/ [No proof of sabotage in Kanpur derailment says panel]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5qlzgw/technoproofofsabotageinkanpurderailment/ And lastly gt The UP top cops statement made to The Quint seems to rubbish the recent alarming and maybe even outlandish claim by the Bihar police that the ISI was behind the derailment of the IndorePatna Express near Kanpur in November 2016. The accident had left almost 150 dead. gt Besides the UP DGP a senior official in the safety department of the railways also junked the Bihar cops seemingly dodgy claim. The official told The Quint gtgt The prima facie cause of the Kanpur accident was a rail fracture there has been no evidence of sabotage in the two months since it happened. gt Generally a preliminary report is submitted within 24 hours of a mishap by the seniormost official at the site of the accident based on the evidence. According to a retired railway safety officer in case of a rail fracture the train will fall on its side and this is exactly what happened in this accident. He too said that it could not have been an act of sabotage. gtgt After the accident the local police was informed. It came with dog squads to sniff out powder or any other bomb residue as is the protocol. But nothing was found. It is surprising that senior railway officials missed this and if they did it is a matter of concern. Kamlesh Gupta Retired Additional Member Safety Railway Board gt [Source]https//www.thequint.com/india/2017/01/19/asofnownoproofofisiroleinkanpurtrainderailmentupdgppukhrayanisibiharpolicepakistanjaveddgp With the important UP elections just round the corner I feel inclined to side with the theory proposed in the article that this is governments way of politicising the issue [with this being the subtext]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/politics/ifbjplosescrackerswillgooffinpakistanamitshah/. Thoughts One of the Reddit threads discussing the video https//np.reddit.com/r/interestingasfuck/comments/2vzsu6/derailingatrainisharderthanyoudthink/ . [R] PSA Paytm has outsourced its tech support to a BPO and that company has access to all of your transactions and profile data.: [removed]. Ive made Joey for Reddit an android client for Reddit specialized for r/india. I would love your feedback.: Hello Rindians I have released Joey for Reddit an unofficial android client for Reddit. [Google Play Link]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsido.o.joey Have you ever wanted to relax on weekend and read only entertainment or non political posts at r/india Or kill time on lazy weekday by reading askindia posts Now you can do that with Joey. You can browse the posts topic wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/hWJiZyS.png. Do you get lost among the deeply nested comment threads that are generated on askindia posts You can now See all the ancestors of a comment with the siblings of ancestor comments collapsed.[See Pic]http//i.imgur.com/zNBLLdi.png. [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvzYMbRg8BKvI. What makes Joey different [Video Overview]https//www.youtube.com/watchvKF41z5fd7U8 Designed bottom up for AMAs 1. Read AMAs in magazine style question answer format. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/1czjMfs.png. [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvf0wesvwL0Tw. 1. Read AMA category wise. Say if you want to read only gaming AMA right now. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/m1igDlY.png. 1. Works for Crossposts MultiAuthor AMA 1. Never miss an AMA See upcoming AMA in your local time add them to your calendar. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/btunYBd.png. 1. Shows live AMA going on right now Most powerful texteditor[ yes including RES ] 1. Table heading code and more. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/MvZidFl.png. 16 million colors for themes yes including accent color. Designed for comments. 1. A comment navigator that works with collapsed comments. 1. Ability to collapse the thread from any comment. Designed for albums In current clients we generally have to swipe horizontally to flip through photos and vertically to read the description of the photos. 1. Joey has Vertical Cards for albums swipe only in one direction. It also has inplace zoom. [See video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvNQh86oIBjB4. Optimized for r/science 1. Read the posts category wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/jfDOSgI.png. 1. Add upcoming AMA to you calendar. Optimized for r/askscience 1. Read the question category wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/Mo4bm2J.png. Optimized for r/LifeProTips 1. Read LPTs topic wise. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/qAg6fac.png. Real trophycase for your Reddit trophies [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/U0y7E2U.png. Other non exclusive features Day night theme with AMOLED variant. Customizable font and font size. Sidebar support. [See pic]http//i.imgur.com/8UqwkuW.png. Multi reddit support. Since it has been released a few days ago. Some features might be broken or missing. Please tell me about them I will look into them. If you would like me to optimize for some other subreddit I will be glad to help. If you have any suggestions please let me know. I will try to match all the features that you would miss from other clients so that Joey becomes your goto app for Reddit. PS NSFW is off by default. You can turn it on from SettingsgtFiltersgtShow NSFW. tldr new unofficial Android client for Reddit made for r/india with many other exclusive features. [Google Play Link]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsido.o.joey [Pic1]http//i.imgur.com/hWJiZyS.png [Pic 2]http//i.imgur.com/1czjMfs.png [Pic 3]http//i.imgur.com/zNBLLdi.png. Note to the mods Permission has been taken from /u/kashif . On this day 18 years ago Anil Kumble took all 10 wickets in an Test innings the second such instance in history.. Who is minority in JampK. How much do Tanishq jewelry models earn: [deleted]. My humble request to online sellers: Dear sellers i know humanity is jumping around darkness and we are now stuck at stealing and greed. my only request is that dont sell fking FAKE PRODUCTS nor online or offline. it will never make you RICH. if you think you can do it its the dumbest idea because you will face the consequences anyway. added friends to join pyramid schemes sending spam all over the place will never make you RICH. sending fake product or taking unethical money will never make you RICH. this is not a philosophy its a fact become a good person you will gain positive people/events in your life. not paying taxes and stealing from each other will harm ourselves in the end anyway. so why not unite and help each others people argues to get discounts from labors and the same people will pay crazy amount of money on st entertainment stuffs. i love indian people because we are very friendly but at the same time our own people get distracted to these scammers and even they join those scammers. irs scamfill up survey and earn money data entry jobsatm card fraudcredit card fraud with pan card we often rent about how telecoms are not working and our goverment is not working but they are doing it because we are not responsible most of the time. its high time each one of us do a random help every day to anybody this small change will help entire nation. just wanted to express my thoughts sorry if i wrote too much. have an amazing day/night people love you all.. The Maharajas harem The multiple wives who Indias Photographer Prince Maharaja Ram Singh II would have pose for pictures when they were not entertaining him in bed. [R] What are some of the best talk shows in Indian news media which consistently produce quality content. Most disappointing video Ive watched in a few months. [Extremely disappointing]. Massage Oil for New born babies online. Gentle Cleansing Newborn Baby Shampoo Online. The p[r]ice of being an antinational.. For those who dont know yet BSNL offers unlimited 3g without any data caps for Rs 1100: [deleted]. VIDEO BSF jawan takes rightleaning General GD Bakshi to task calls him Black Britisher. Mbbs and MDs of r/india please try to give an answer if possible to my vague question. How did you choose your speciality and how did you get it: I am a mbbs student from a government medical college just completing my final year. So I am having this anxiety now about post graduation exam. Whats bothering me is that how I am supposed to go from a rank of about 9000 to 10000 I am supposed to get a rank of within 2000 which is what is needed for post grad seats. I kind of let go of the pressure of school life and let go of the competitive spirit which i guess happens to many in college. But now i realise i need to step into a competitive rat race again. Also I am not sure what sort of speciality I want to go in and spend my life in. So medical people who have cracked the pg examneet pg aipg aiims whatever it is called. How did you do it Please share something from your experience How did you sit at home and prepare. The dos and donts. Anything to keep in mind. Also is it worth dropping Indian exams and pursuing any foreing liscencing exam Any thing outside of usmle Is amc or plab or any other european liscencing exam worth it . People who own a general store/kirana shop could you tell us ..: 1. How did you happen to enter this line of business How difficult was it 2. What are some daily difficulties that you have to face 3. How much money do you make monthly approx 4. What do you do with unsold stock Is it all loss PS. Asking because Im just curious.. Who here thinks that the cover/banner of this subreddit is ugly and needs changing: Can we get some designers/artists to propose new designs/logos/ideas Thank you.. Dharm bhoomi Karm Bhoomi Matri Bhoomi: [deleted]. Why is Income Tax law is not taught in school or college: All of us going earn and tax will be applicable so why is not taught . [R] Lets have a discussion on Aadhaar Card.: [removed]. Meeting someone who hates me Need advice: Hi. Im 21 /m meeting tomorrow my girlfriends elder brother. Now this is not a normal Bhai type elder brother. He is a 29 y/o single always single guy never had a girlfriend/group/male friends i.e. a soul overly attached to his sister calls her for half an hour in morning 15 minutes at noon 30 mins again at night [ he calls it raat ki baat ]. Once she was not able to talk to him for 3 days at night and he said to her you remain busy raat ki baat band kr dete hai. And his foolish sister my girlfriend P was immature enough to run to him crying for even a slight argument with me in our first year of relationship its second year now now like any immature girl she would only tell her side of story and that eloped with over attachment for his sister lead him to HATE ME. He thinks Im a monster who is fooling his sister or what not. Now Im still in relationship with this girl and Im somewhat serious about her because I know shes kinda foolish but aint intentionally manipulative and shes showing sings of progress. But my bad luck is Im meeting her brother tomorrow on airport. Situation once got escalated where I had a quarrel with him and I blocked him on Whatsapp bastard would whatsapp me saying not to disturb his sister asking private details of issues etc etc 5 months ago never had a word with him again. I want to fix things because Im kinda serious about his sister can someone give me tips on 1 how to be kind 2 how to leave a good impression when I dont like him at all 3 any gift/anything I should take 4 anything else . Jio is procompetition Airtel Idea vodafone were leading a cartel: People are accusing Jio of being a possible evil company in the future which will become monopoly and will start charging very high prices once they kill the competition Lets have a look at what evil monopolies do A Monopoly kiils competition and then buys them out stopping them from operating. It is does little or no innovation and then increases price. A cartel has traits similar to monopolyit is a group of companies Airtel Idea vodaone which together hold all the market come together and dictates pricessounds familiar with these companies increasing prices together There cant be a possible monopoly in telecom due to Jio because the old infrastructure is already there MNP is there and Jio is not taking over old infrastructure they are building brand new providing a level of services at a cost which old infra cant. This is something innovative companies do not laid back companies like monopolies or cartels If jio starts overcharging high prices people will simply switch. The competition will suddenly get a lot of investors the moment they sense that competition can provide better service and people are willing to switch. Jio is running on high initial cost but very low running cost model that is how they provide free services with confidence. Will the cost conscious Indian people will even stay with Jio if they start overcharging The whole strategy of Jio is to establish a competitive edge via economic of scale the more the users the less is the average cost per unit and cost leadershipaka lowest running cost via 4G VoLTE this two combines enables them to maintain low prices. The competition might have decreased prices to match jio tariff in the last 6 months. 5075 Rs/GB for heavy users and the other is free calling etc As far as I remember without jio average amount of data one would get on a recharge of around 1000Rs before jio was 6GB and now theyre flooring customers with around 1015GB amp unlimited calls . Older telecos need 1000Rs for 6GB and they also need calling revenues to sustain remember the outrage of VoIP calls how they complained of loss of revenues and tried blocking or separately charging for these apps . Isnt jio procompetition and wasnt older telecos Airtel idea vodafone leading a cartel style group before jio entered what do you think. Awesome people of randia a little help please i have mba interviews in 23 weeks is there any magazines or bi weekly newsletter which covers financial or economics topics in depth while covering pros and cons: I have interviews in imt ghazibad iim ranchi and other new iims. So i am trying to increase my economic and financial knowledge and understand news from different perspectives so i can answer the panelists easily. Any help is greatly appreciated Thanks. [R] Where should OC open category aspirants apply for government jobs : These are the jobs currently open which suits my engineering degree in city I live. I have first class in distinction. Below are the openings. Assistant Manager Electrical 12 UR01 SC04 ST02 OBC 05 Assistant Manager Signal amp Telecom 07 UR 01 SC04 OBC 05 Junior Engineer 54 UR7 SC 08 ST 14 OBC 15 why there are relatively more positions open for reservation candidates than regular candidates What if those reservation positions wont fill will they accept the regular applicants Note I am posting this behalf of my young cousin brother. His dream is to find job in government sector. Unfortunately he cant even make it to interview as mostly one or two positions open for open category or un reserved and they are mostly sold off even before he appears for interview. . Hey r/india Im writing an article on how the social media is being abused by political parties. So could you all comment all the whatsapp forwards or facebook links that arent true.: Eg the new new two thousand rupee note having a chip.. Turkey banned reporting with title Breaking news dont you guys think we also need such thing in India: [deleted]. Urgent advice needed i ingested water that is from possibly a very contaminated source.: [deleted]. Do Indians in the US on an H1b visa get paid significantly lesser than their American counterparts: [deleted]. People of r/India. What are your recruitment stories where the hiring HR/manager/organisation were idiots Inspired from the earlier story today.: I feel that the recruiting HRs are the most unprofessional useless bottom feeders. One they know nothing about the role they are hiring second they lack basic professional courtesies. What are your stories about these people when you were getting hired. Bonus if you mention company name. [r]. Weather change makes babies sick 5 paediatrician recommended tips to keep them safe. 10 dark parenting truths that we never talk about but should. A lifetimes gift 4 essential habits every parent must bestow upon their child. Who is responsible for various aspects of city administration: Hey guys Im from Lucknow. I wanted to know who is accountable for waste management public transport and similar things in the city I see waste lying everywhere in my city almost as if there is no waste management system in place And what the fuck happened to all the buses here in Lucknow I rarely see a lowfloor and whatever buses are left seem extremely unsafe as if they have never been serviced. A possible nuclear catastrophe that has been kept a secret for 4 decades: I remember the name Jadugora from my geography texbooks in school for it has the largest deposit of Uranium in the country. This morning I came across an [article]https//www.youthkiawaaz.com/2017/01/nuclearradiationpoisoninginjadugoda/ which documents abnormal birth defects that is observed among the residents of a village near the town. [Warning Some pictures may be NSFW] It seems impossible that a village with a population under 2300 can have such high frequency of these abnormalities. And some of these pictures are horrifying right out of the Xmen comic books. I am curious if there has ever been a study conducted by any govt or nongovt agency in the village to ascertain the level of radioactive contamination in the soil ground water or river near the village. And if there is any indication that there is actual radioactive contamination in the area this should be regarded as the greatest national shame and most atrocious crime against humanity. Keeping your marriage strong through parenting 10 tips. 32 phrases to use with your toddler when shes throwing a tantrum. Adrenal fatigue the one thing that causes weight gain that no one tells you about. Heres what youre doing to your vagina if youre not having sex and theyre not good. Only if you willing to die you can truly live [Writing Prompt]. pseudo justification for the castesim[R]: So I was talking to a guy about untouchable cast system in india and he told me there was a reason behind the system . According to him there were research conducted in USA that humans while interacting transfer wave and energyenergy. So lower caste people used to do most of dirty work thus absorbing most of negative waves and energy and will transfer that negative energy to higher caste mostly containing positive energy. He also believe that caste will not matter in current times as we are no more pure due to industrialization and of course its kalyug so a lot of less positive energy.[NP]. [R] Visiting India soon. Need suggestions please: [deleted]. An age by age guide to sex education and how much you should tell your kids. 8 everyday things youre doing that RUIN your sleep. [Serious] Some one explain how H1B visa works How is it issued and how people say companies exploit those visas. Why do Indian girls hesitate to wear a Bikini: [deleted]. Why do Indian girls hesitate to wear a Bikini: [deleted]. Serious Do you think a newer generation of leaders can change this country: [deleted]. What are all the possible consequences / repercussions of absolute surveillance eg Aadhaar mandatory for everything [R]: Hello Folks Whenever theres an Aadhaar related discussion theres always some of us taking sides on this topic of surveillance. What are all the possible consequences / repercussions of such total surveillance by govt ampnbsp There are people who say why do I have a problem with it if Im paying taxes and not planning any terrorist attack Only those people violating these should be afraid . What is your take on this Should lawabiding citizens also be concerned Why / why not ampnbsp Trigger all imagination Orwellian thoughts etc. Whats crazy thought today will be normal process tomorrow. . [R] IITM students propose new Constitution for better governance on campus. Hey you hows your day Pen pals: [deleted]. Are all debt funds always safe investments. I found a hair in my soap bar. What kind of compensation can I ask from the company: I recently discovered a hair sticking out of fresh bar of soap . What kind of compensations can I ask from the company and what are the rules and regulations governing the soap industry.. Can a debt mutual fund be always considered safe: [deleted]. I made a chrome extension which detects clickbaits right inside Facebook using deep learning and I thought maybe you all at /r/india would like try it and give some feedback.. My husband is abusive and doesnt want to be intimate. How I potty trained my child before he turned one. Indias poor healthcare record a striking failure Amartya Sen. NRIs how do you feel about Trumps immigration reforms TC reports that H1 visas are up next: Source 1 [Tech Crunch]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20170130/trumpsnextmoveonimmigrationtohitclosertohomefortech Source 1 [Bloomberg]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20170130/trumpsnextmoveonimmigrationtohitclosertohomefortech Edit Wrong links format.. Mahatma Gandhi died today and its my birthday /: So todays my birthday and i always feel weird about it. Im not really a yeah i love my birthday kind of person but in addition Gandhis death anniversary.. A.P.J.Abdul Kalams Top 10 Rules For Success. 8 wellresearched weight loss tips for women with PCOS. Breastfeeding after my Csection the natural phenomenon that does not always happen naturally. TIL The term Thug Life came from india: The term Thug derives from groups of robbers in British India in the early 19th century which were suppressed by British military forces and the Thuggees Thug le THug le THug le.mp3 D. Top 10 India: [removed]. Hey guys in this video we gotta know about top 10 things of January 29 which happened in India previously please do subscribe friends for latest updates. Here is a Complete List of all Indian Podcasts: sim Indian Podcasts Current count 73 Lately I have been seeing a lot of posts about people asking for podcast recommendations and mainly Indian ones. So I thought why not Compile a Mega list to fill the void of all those who want to listen to some Indian podcast. So Below is a list of the podcasts I found in no particular order and yeah it not an extensive list [All India Bakchod]https//soundcloud.com/allindiabakchod hosted by Tanmay Bhat and Gursimran Khamba [Ask Aakar Anything]http//www.audiomatic.in/category/askaakar/ politics current affairs sports entertainment and social issues [Asian Entrepreneur]https//itunes.apple.com/in/podcast/entrepreneurpodcastinterviews/id1076158213mt2/ [Audiomatic]http//www.audiomatic.in/ [Our last week]http//www.audiomatic.in/category/ourlastweek/ hosted by Anubav Pal and Kunal Roy Kapur [The Real Food podcast]http//www.audiomatic.in/category/therealfoodpodcast/ [The Intersection]http//www.audiomatic.in/category/theintersection/ a fortnightly show on meld culture science and history [Bangalore Bits]http//bangalorebits.in/ latest technology trends development reviews [Bollywood Lawyer]http//thebollywoodlawyer.libsyn.com/podcast [Bollywood Project]https//audioboom.com/channel/bollywoodproject [Breaking the Borders]http//www.breakingtheborders.com/ digital marketing and advertising. [Chai Sutta Skype]https//www.mixcloud.com/ChaiSuttaSkype/ Chai Comics Games Movies Sutta Skype [Digipodcast]http//digipodcast.com/ [Entrepreneurs India]http//www.askjai.com/india/ [Football Twaddle]https//soundcloud.com/footballtwaddle [Founders Gyan]http//www.foundersgyan.com/ [Home Entrepreneur Show]https//itunes.apple.com/in/podcast/homeentrepreneurshowjyotsna/id1043539155mt2 [Historical India Podcast]http//historicalindiapodcast.com/ [History of India]http//sendmejunkeveryday.wix.com/historyofindia [IncrementalUX]http//incrementalux.com/podcast/ [India Startup Chat]https//soundcloud.com/indiastartupchat [Indian Startup Show]http//www.indianstartupshow.com/ [Indicast has several series]http//www.theindicast.com/ [Indicast show]http//www.theindicast.com/ [Forbes India]http//www.theindicast.com/ [Point Blank]http//www.theindicast.com/ [Bizination]http//www.theindicast.com/ [Tech Ka Masala ]http//www.theindicast.com/ [Indus Vox Media has several series]http//www.indusvox.com/ [Cyrus Says]http//www.cyrussays.in/ Interviews people [Maed in India]http//www.maedinindia.in/ indie music podcast featuring new music from India amp abroad [Tall Tales Takeaway]http//www.indusvox.com/ttta [Paodcast]http//www.thedailypao.com/thepaodcastmealsmusicandthemithi/ Mumbais food and culture scenes [Geek Fruit]https//audioboom.com/channel/geekfruitpodcast/ Discusses sciencefiction and overall nerd culture [TFG Sports Podcast]http//thefangarage.com/podcast [Adventures of Cheap Beer]http//www.adventuresofcheapbeer.in/ [Simblified]http//www.stitcher.com/podcast/deepak2/simblified Take topics and attempt to deconstruct them using a bit of humor analogies and quotes [IVM Likes]https//audioboom.com/channel/ivmlikes Personal pop culture recommendations of books movies TV shows and sometimes even podcasts board games and candy to the table/podcast. [The Seen and the Unseen]https//www.seenunseen.in/ Economics public policy [Jaggu amp Taraan Podcast]https//audioboom.com/channel/jaggutarana RJs discussing random stuff [Kaan Masti]http//kaanmasti.com/ageverified6cf895140f Hosted by Suresh Menon amp MTV VJ Jose usually overdo toilet humor and there is an annoying voiceover which plays intermittently [Kiruba Shankar]http//www.kiruba.com/radio/ [Kamla Show]http//kamlashow.com/ [Learning India]http//learningindia.in/podcasts/ [Love Sex and Dating]http//www.sonologue.com/listen/lsdcast/ [Move Mint]https//audioboom.com/channel/movemint for runners cohosted by a marathon oraganizer [My Seven Chakras]http//www.mysevenchakras.com/ [My Kitaab]http//www.mykitaab.in/ [News Laundry Hafta]https//soundcloud.com/newslaundrypodcast Weekly podcast summarizing events/news that have happened in the week. Diverse views which bring balance to the discussion. Recently goes behind the paywall but you can still listen to their previous episodes. [Paadcast]https//soundcloud.com/thepaadcast [Robin Sharma Mastery Sessions]http//masterysessions.tumblr.com/ [Rocking Entrepreneur]http//www.rockingentrepreneur.com/ [Grow Series]http//rockingentrepreneur.com/category/podcast/grow/ [Inspire Series]http//rockingentrepreneur.com/category/podcast/inspire/ [Subscribeme]http//subscribeme.fm/episodes/ [Sixth World Radio]http//ishaanlalit.com/sixthworldradio/ [Sadhgurus Podcast]http//sadhguru.podomatic.com/ Spiritual podcast from Sadhguru founder of Isha Foundation [The Plan B project]http//theplanbproject.in/ [The Inconceivable Desis]http//inconceivabledesis.in/ [The Myth amp Culture Podcast]https//soundcloud.com/themythandculturepodcast [Vartaa]http//www.vartaa.in/ [Around Startups]http//aroundstartups.com/ [The Yacker]https//soundcloud.com/fleur1231 Indian pop culture and loads of Bollywood references [SnG Comedy]https//soundcloud.com/sngcomedy Standup comedians discusses The Big Question hoping to solve everyday mysteries with their opinions. [Trial by Error The Aarushi files]http//www.arre.co.in/series/aarushi/ Reexamines the 2008 Noida Murder crime case of Aarushi [Mahabharata Podcast By Lawrence Manzo]http//podbay.fm/show/354850879 Podcast about retelling and a conversation about the mighty epic the Mahabharata [SynTalk or Sythesis Talk]https//soundcloud.com/syntalk Episodes are high on intellectual content interdisciplinary discussions and interdependent ideas brought about by intense research. [Chuski Pop]https//soundcloud.com/chuskipop Desi culture womens issues the 90s bad art existential crises sex drugs bollywood puppies bunnies unicorns amp rainbows [Audioblog by Rahul Deshpande]https//soundcloud.com/deshpanderahul Musical podcast Marathi and classical music [The Daily Grind]http//thedailygrind.libsyn.com/ Published daily from Monday to Friday with the latest news and most relevant stories from Politics Policy Business Technology Environment Sports Film TV Books etc. [Sanjay Comedy]https//soundcloud.com/sanjaycomedy Comedian and get to conversation with other comedians. [The Editors Podcast]https//audioboom.com/channel/theeditorspodcast Mints weekly news podcast updated every Friday where Mints editors pick their top stories of the week. [Orbital]https//feeds.feedburner.com/TheOrbitalGadgets360 Tech podcast [Transition]https//feeds.feedburner.com/transitiongadgets360 Gaming and pop culture [Hoopdarshan]https//hoopdarshan.podbean.com/ Basketball podcast that focuses on basketball in India [The Indian Constitution]https//soundcloud.com/basicstructure A friendly introduction to the Indian Constitution. Article 21 in the streets Article 15 in the sheets. Honourable amp Prime Ministerial Mention [Mann Ki Baat] http//www.narendramodi.in/mannkibaat Only Hindi podcast on the list Podcast Apps Pocket Casts [Android]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidau.com.shiftyjelly.pocketcastsamphlen ampx20b9 99 [iOS]https//itunes.apple.com/in/app/pocketcasts/id414834813mt8 300 worth the money Podcast amp Radio Addict [Android]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.bambuna.podcastaddictamphlen Free iOS soory no iOS counterpart Overcast [iOS]https//itunes.apple.com/in/app/overcastpodcastplayer/id888422857mt8 recommended for iOS users [More Apps]https//subscribeonandroid.com/feeds.feedburner.com/rahuldeshpande Edit Added short descriptions to some podcasts will continue to do as and when I get to know more. Also some names are selfexplanatory so would not be describing them. Edit 2 I thought that was the complete list when I first published it but I keep on stumbling on new ones. So please stay tuned and keep checking the list. Ill be updating it more frequently. Edit 3 For those who are new to podcasting world To get things going I have added some podcasts app links that in my opinion are good and would serve well to both new and advance users to get a hang of it. Edit 4 Added a counter on Top so we all know how many podcasts have we discovered. Please feel free to add to this thread if you have any suggestions to this list. If you know of an Indian podcast and would like me to include in this list just leave a comment below and I would be happy to add to the list. Happy Listening. Is Bitcoin Legal in India How about Tax Sunny Ray from Unocoin Answers [R]. [R] Indian Philosophical Schools discussion explanations things of interest: Recently Ive been reading a little into Indian Philosophical traditions. I was really intrigued by the sophistication in some traditions especially the Carvaka tradition which speaks of materialism atomism originating in Ancient India https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charvaka We talk a lot about our manifest and inherent greatness all the time nowadays but very few of us really know the things that make us if not great a robust and sophisticated Civilisation. Saying that I think it would be good to discuss some ideas related to Indian Philosophical traditions. Anyone with knowledge questions etc. let us talk. PS Along with Carvaka Nyaya Philosophy is again something way ahead of its time and something it would serve us well to know even today in the era of posttruth politics https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nyaya . Please share your knowledge insights etc. on Indian Philosophy. I know it is difficult but try to keep religion out of this discussion. Yes we can keep religion and Philosophy separate.. [Reddiquette] Let us compose a Whatsapp message that enlightens people to not forward baseless messages without verifying the source themselves.: These Whatsapp forwards are getting out of hand. Like in the AntiVaccine sentiment rise based on Jallikattu protests. [Thread 1]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5qc6wx/antivaccinesentimentonriseintamilnadu/ [Thread 2]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5qml3e/antivaccinewhatsappmessagesarespreadingusing/ Today I received another message that about 1098 Helpline to distribute excess food to needy children. [Thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5d7m5t/anotherwhatsappforward/ [News about the Hoax]http//www.thenewsminute.com/article/itshoaxtherenodial1098schemedistributeexcessfoodneedychildren38545 Now let us atleast try to educate people to think and most importantly verify the information before forwarding that message left and right. Lets compose a message that we forward to our family Whatsapp groups where misinformation grow on and proliferate.The message IMO should cover the following points Source of the message Have you verified it Dire consequences of a baseless message Or any other important aspect. Please submit your messages that are short and constructive.. [Serious] Why is the Gateway of India on the Eastern side on the Mumbai peninsula Wouldnt the Western side be more accessible to ships coming via the Arabian sea: I have linked Google maps for reference 1. https//www.google.co.in/maps/place/GatewayOfIndiaMumbai/18.921984172.83246566z/data4m53m41s0x3be7d1c73a0d5cad0xc70a25a7209c733c8m23d18.92198414d72.8346543 2. https//www.google.co.in/maps/place/GatewayOfIndiaMumbai/18.921984172.832465613z/data4m53m41s0x3be7d1c73a0d5cad0xc70a25a7209c733c8m23d18.92198414d72.8346543. Is there any way to register for UPI with a maestro card [R]: I have a SBI maestro card which doesnt have a expiry date. So what can I do to register it with UPI. Americans hoped that after the elections get over the relentless political coverage will get over. As our experience with Modi sarkar has shown they are in for a rude shock.: [removed]. [Joke] Why are IITians are good at Unicorn Startups and Top Quora writing: [deleted]. Can we have Budget 2017 Flair 3 days away and would be useful for next 10 days: [removed]. Can we have Budget 2017 Flair we are just 3 days away and would be useful for next 10 days: [deleted]. Pak not included in Trump visa Ban. what a joke: [removed]. Need help buying my first scooter [R]: So Dad and I have decided to purchase a scooter and we have narrowed it down to TVS Jupiter and Honda Activa. Which one should we buy. I thought Kiran Bedi is one of very rare few intelligent people in india Now i really know why this country is so poor and will be in future.: https//twitter.com/thekiranbedi/status/824994695507947520 Kiran bedi to me is among 0.0001 most Intelligent people in the country. Sharing photoshopped fake pictures. Wow in this country 99 of people i meet cant even have decent conversation [Verbal Intelligence]. The country will never move forward without Increasing Intelligence of all people.. When will India be Clean and have decent Quality of Life to live: How many years and decades or Centuries to have normal living standards in India. Overcrowded places every single place you go. Women in the house cant travel alone due safety issues. Cant stay out for long due to Dirty surroundings cant breathe the filthy air. Ground water has depleted and only twice a week tap water. No privacy in public places are smelly with dogs animals. People are rude everywhere and if you speak up you get beat up. Nobody follows any rules all you see is People amp people and people. and this is life of a so called middle class guy. Cant even imagine What poorest people lives are in villages. after all we have 30 of worlds poorest people. with little water no electricity.. Dear randia I want to share my Netflix subscription to split the costing. Anyone interested: I have subscribed to the 650 Rs./month pack I want to share it so I can split the 325 Rs. to someone. You can send me 325 Rs. via PayTm or any wallet you want. Ill send you id/pwd. It supports simultaneous watching by both of us so no worries. . Can we please talk about how consensual premarital sex suddenly doesnt become rape if you break up: Someone on my timeline shared [this article]https//scroll.in/latest/827307/educatedwomenconsentingtopremaritalsexcannotallegerapeineverycasebombayhighcourt today. Just by the headline which reads Educated women consenting to premarital sex cannot allege rape in every case Bombay High Court I was somewhat angry. Then I read the article and the clickbait is amazing I must say. gtJustice Bhatkar also said that a promise of marriage cannot be considered a reason to allege rape in every case. I agree with this. gtThe bench however observed that a false promise to marry could be considered an inducement to rape if the woman was uneducated and the man impersonated another individual while hiding crucial facts from her. That actually makes sense. gtThe judge further noted that society and societal interactions continues to carry the baggage of morality with premarital sex being a matter of censure. Under such circumstances a woman who is in love with a boy forgets that to have sex is her option like her counterparts but refuses to take responsibility for her decision Bhatkar said. I might find parts of this rather problematic but according to the context woman filed a case against a boyfriend for convincing her to have sex on pretense of marriage. In layman terms she did consent to the sex so...I dont think thats rape Maybe he did want to marry her but then they broke up for reasons we dont know Maybe he said hed marry her just to get into her pants but didnt postsex in which case hes an asshole. Calling him a rapist is taking it too far as I dont see any mention of him forcing herself on her. I dont want to sound like a rapeapologist. I am very much a feminist to be completely honest but I dont get this. I understand that men are lauded for having scored while women are ostracized for the same and that a lot of people especially in India consider sex as sealing the deal. Two things If youre agreeing to have consensual sex with someone and are maintaining the same stance from start to finish you cannot just backtrack and call it rape because youre no longer together. I dont care if youre pissed because you guys broke up. Rape isnt a term you throw around casually because you can. Not only do you sound childish but youre undermining actual rape/sexual assault/molestation cases and victims who need support and laws on their side. You shouldnt be having sex in the first place because with this train of thought you clearly have no idea about how consensual sex works. If youre having sex with someone thinking that maybe theyd marry you if you do well...thats not how this works either and you need to work on your selfesteem in that case. Say yes to sex if you want to have sex. Keep communication open with your SO about the same. Discuss your underlying expectations and clauses. If youre not comfortable with someone pressuring you into sex the solution to that isnt WILL YOU MARRY ME IF WE HAVE SEX. . An ugly row about sacred cows Why Indian judges must bow before bovines. The Warriors Spirit A tribute to Hav Hangpan Dada: [deleted]. Surviving the first three months with your newborn 10 steps. The President in all his glory.: [deleted]. T[r]umps Global Gag Rule On Abortion And How It Affects SRHR Work In India. Kolkata the city that eats fish [r]eared on sewage. [R] Can somebody explain what is happening in Manipur: [deleted]. Arranged Marriage[Xpost from r/WTF]: [deleted]. Objectification of women makes you aggressive. [R] Anyone living frugal in Germany: I posted the following on r/frugal and on a posters suggestion I am posting it here in case anyone is living Germany and has some tips and advice to live efficiently and responsibly in terms of expenses. Hello. I am currently living in Germany for work and trying to be responsible with my expenses. I am trying to save as much as I can from my salary considering one quarter of it goes to taxes not complaining it is a great system that works back for the people. I havent found an apartment yet so I am living in hostels. The cheapest I can find offer me EUR 1112 per day for now and in March and beyond the prices are jacked up to EUR 1820 per day. When the cost reaches EUR 1820 per day levels I have worked a schedule that allows me to keep the monthly rent for staying in hostels below EUR 400 so around 10 days out of month managing somehow. I was wondering what would you consider a reasonable living cost per day apart from the above rent I am maintaining around EUR 6 per day for now trying to combine /r/Frugal with /r/EatCheapAndHealthy and /r/veganmealprep [I am vegetarian because of culture and stuff]. That puts me around EUR 600/month. It might go up to EUR 700/month for some months depending on where I find temporary accommodation when living in a hostel is too much. I topup with a EUR 15 card that stretches out for months. Internet I have through the hostel. I want to save as much as I can because at my age 29 I can still afford compromises for more savings. Owning a small 1 BHK house/apartment is a distant really really distant dream which might not happen until 23 decades from now. Anyone here in Germany with any tips and/or advice on how to be smart with expenses. So Pakis are trending RapePublicDay on twitter Facebook and other social media sites: [deleted]. Why dont people get it Street/Stray Dogs are a huge Menace in India swear i almost got bitten today we need to do something about it: Today a Street dog almost bitten me. i have escaped multiple times like 1015 times in past years from the Dangerous dogs there are dozens of Strays just in my locality. i know few people who have got bitten in the past We need to do something about it. involve Media. Write to PM CM can influential redditors do something like activism on net neutrality.. Post your Reddit chamber r/India.: Here is mine http//imgur.com/a/BMAoI And yeah try not to doxx yourself.. Happy Republic Day Guys Be Indian Buy Indian: [deleted]. [R]What if Flipkart/Snapdeal expands its services to Afghanistan: [deleted]. HAPPY REPUBLIC DAY 2017: [deleted]. India Celebrates Republic Day 1950. Is regressive Republic Day Parade just to show to the world how poor backward and filthy Polluted India is: [deleted]. The Warriors Spirit. Happy Republic Day folks: On this day let us remember the Drafting Committee for their efforts in shaping our constitution and the freedom fighters for their sweat blood and sacrifices for todays Republic of India. Jai Hind.. IIMs should implement up to 50 faculty reservation Government. My ex found me on Twitter: Faack How does Twitter figure out contacts I had to move cities to get away from her. She isnt a bad person at all but very clingy and needy. Now suddenly Im found on twitter. How did this freaking thing happen I deleted my Twitter ID...Let me know how to avoid this in the future. You Review Of Raees: Hey Hows Raees I want to go. Just making sure its worth it.. Kolkatas richest man is a chaiwala at Dum Dum station: [deleted]. Confused about career path in IT. Need advice. [Serious]: Hello I have around 11 years of experience in IT. I have always worked hard and been a top performer. Unfortunately I have worked in many languages but havent been able to claim expertise in any programming language. I easily adapt to any language.. but I cant show expertise while applying for any new job.. I always give interview for C and work on different languages.. I have work on c c Java Sql ProC Delphi etc... One language each year.. I have worked as lead manager individual developer too... Anything business required. I havent gotten an opportunity to work on new technologies.. What will give me an edge... I will work on anything new in my free time from now on.. I am also looking for a job that lets me travel more.. how do I change my career path from here. I walked out of my house after I had my baby. 5 reasons mothers should stop sacrificing their sleep. A thin baby is NOT a weak or unhealthy child. Seven things that keep relationships going. Rant Interview: I had an interview with a CHRO of a 2 billion company. The ass was on his phone for 30 minutes of my 1 hour interview. He was negotiating the Insurance Premium of his car. Some 80Kish was the premium and he was haggling. Id have simply walked out but for the fact that I was referred by a friend and did not want him to face any issues. He asked me what can I promise as the output for my team. I was in no condition to reply with a number as I did not know how and who manages the stake holders. He probably thought he was doing a stress interview of some sorts. I did not give him a number as an output and held my ground. He asked me go talk to your friend about the issues and come back. I said Im talking to you and since you are the head of the department why dont you tell me the challenges. Fucker blanked out for a bit. Icing on the cake Ive been offered the position. My sixth sense tells me that he is waiting for me to join and fire my ass. Now am stuck my spidey sense tells me not to take the position but that will probably have an adverse effect on my friend. On the other hand I feel like going through the motions and not join just to say FU. Either way looks like my friend is in a soup and Ill have to find him a job elsewhere. . [R]CIA Thread What have we found so far about us through the 930000 documents reveal: So what have found so far CIA on our nuclear program https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP79T00865A0012000500023.pdf IndoPak report shortly after our independence https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP7801617A0016000100012.pdf Key advisers of Indira Gandhi https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP86T00608R0002000100532.pdf Nehru was against Commies https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP8200457R0036003200047.pdf Indias economic prospects https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP82B00421R0001000400349.pdf CORRIGENDUM TO THE LETTER DATED 8 APRIL 1954 FROM THE REPRESENTATIVE OF INDIA TO THE SECRETARY GENERAL https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP86T00268R0008001000212.pdf CIA wanted Nehru to side with US https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP79R01012A0005000400392.pdf CPIs breakup in the late 50s https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/CIARDP85T00875R0020002100175.pdf As usual there are like 235818 items found on Government of India. I cant read all the documents but if you found something interesting be sure comment below. I like history so I thought this research thread would be nice Archives are here check it out https//www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/search/site/Government20of20India. Redditors from Delhi Im thinking of joining Toastmasters Club to improve my public speaking skills. Which is the best club in Delhi in your opinion: [deleted]. TIL Only 52 of Indians over the age of 50 can rely friends and relatives when in trouble. People who passed school from science stream could you please help me understand the admission process for science colleges: [deleted]. [R] A Fathers Note to Modi on Punjabs Drug Menace. Medical experts usually ignore these healthy birth practices. Dont let yours. Beware of fairy tales. They do more harm to our kids than good.. Our survey blows apart some myths and finds women choose their own cars. What are some good documentaries about any topic related to India not made by government: They could also be in your mother tongue.. Help bringing dog back to India: Im doing my undergrad in the US and will be graduating in December. Ive been fostering a dog and I want to adopt him and was wondering what the process costs and documents would be because I want to take him back home with me permanently.. PSA On Uber to avoid going on an upfront fare and to see any current surges active do not enter your destination while booking.: [deleted]. Requirement for a second hand Data Science book for a student.: [deleted]. What is the best place for Documentaries about India any topic from Economy to conspiracies: What are your fav documentaries about India about Economy Conspiracies Social topics. is there any one place i know you can Youtube Search but anything you know. Indian IITians now a days from Philosopher Sapiosexual to Quora Top writer. cant ignore Humble and unorthodox. Indian IITians now a days from Philosopher Sapiosexual to Quora Top writer. cant ignore Humble and unorthodox: [deleted]. Subhas Bose In 1941 The individual Must Die So That The Nation May Live. Today I Must Die So That India May Live. PSA In Uber they dont make you type in surge amount anymore. Instead they show surge price in very small amount. Always check. Dont get scammed.: Apparently theyve stopped showing separate surge amount anymore and now they show you the total fare including the surge amount in very small font when you book the ride. I was habituated by the previous method of typing down your surge amount so I didnt notice the surge pricing was in effect and I got duped by Uber. My usual fare to work from home is 105110 Rs. but today it got deducted 350 Rs. Uber refused to do anything. Dont get scammed. Be alert.. Republic Day Special Short Film that give answer to those VIPs who practice power over common people.. 12 things every good husband must do for his wife. 3 things you should be prepared for before your first child comes along. Editorial Do you love the person your child is. What are some AlternativeFacts of India: on Twitter AlternativeFacts is trending and India is the perfect place for it. one tweet read Here are some other fun words for AlternativeFacts Lies Falsehoods Fabrication Deception Deceit Tall Tale Dishonesty Fraudulence. [Serious] How many of you play any instruments Why indians are so poor artistically in music.. Plated mail armour of the Moghuls. Rights Activists Seek Action Against DDA ViceChairman For Insulting Disabled Officer.. [R] Govt guidelines for disabled during national anthem Maintain maximum alertness physically. [R] Im a defence brat AMA P: [removed]. 2017 Jallikattu protests Wikipedia. Your strong opinion about vaping in India: Ive been vaping for a month now.. no cigarettes at all after 13 yrs of being a smoker.. Its the only thing that has got me off cigarettes...after trying nicotine patches and nicotine chewing gum.. and going cold turkey.. but a lot of my friends wives whose husbands are smokers seem to be be against it.. saying that if you want to quit you have to quit cigarettes cold turkey.. and vape is just another addiction.. whats youre opinion Knowing that everyone cant go cold turkey with cigarettes as a lot of other ppl have... Rights Activists Seek Action Against DDA VC For Insulting Disabled Officer. When will this mentality go away. How many of you attending or showing Solidarity of WomensMarch and IWillGoOut in India what do yu think: Its happening in India IWillGoOut as well All major cities in the locked in parts with WomensMarch. https//twitter.com/FeminismInIndia and IWillGoOut have visuals in India Did anyone attend or know anyone who is attending these Marches What do you think of it should it be encouraged more if they help awareness and yield good results.. Tamil Nadu governor approves ordinance jallikattu to be held tomorrow. Jallikattu to be held tomorrow says CM but protesters unrelenting: [deleted]. Better image of the TN protests Marina Beach. Andhra Bank users has UPI been working fine for you since 8 January 2017: I changed the mobile number associated with my bank account and all hell has broken loose since then. UPI was working fine on my old number. On the new number I am unable to set MPIN request timed out. Tried on three apps PhonePe BHIM Andhra Bank ONE UPI app. Same result everywhere. Bank is not replying to email. Different branches are saying different things. So if you have tried to set an MPIN/UPI PIN on your Andhra Bank account has it worked on or after 8 January 2017. Ordinance to clear path for holding Jallikattu in TN. Indias PM Modi congratulates 45th President of the USA Best wishes in leading USA to greater achievements in the coming years. Trump Jobs amp Economy: [deleted]. [R]What do yall think about the Jallikattu Ban: Should it be lifted or not. Government bhang shop owner told me its legal to carry bhang around India. Is this true [NP] [R]: He specifically told me that as long as it was bought legally and I showed the card that he gave me then its completely legal to transport around India. I asked him about flights and he said that its legal to transport it on domestic flights as long as its put in your checked baggage. He told me all of this after I had already paid so I dont think he was saying it in order to make more money off of me. Anyone know if this is true Ill be taking a domestic flight in a couple days and it would be nice if I could bring some bhang cookies with me but of course I dont want to find out that this guy was wrong and end up in Indian prison.. Your views on this: [deleted]. Amartya Sen calls for political engagement to end inequalities in India. The Inauguration of the 45th President of the United States: [deleted]. Inauguration Live Video Coverage: [deleted]. ELI5 the Jallikattu controversy: What are the Pros and Cons of Jallikattu Should it be banned Is it a sport. People of TN What will you do if Supreme Court keeps Jallikattu banned. Akshay Kumar goes wild feeling ecstasy. AMA Announcement Alok Kejriwal CEO amp cofounder Games2win a mobile gaming business based in India. January 23rd between 67PM IST.: Greetings /r/India Along with our ongoing and very successful Ask An Expert series where we host AMAs with redditors from various professional backgrounds we will continue to organize AMAs with guests who are not necessarily on Reddit. As part of that effort we are going to host Alok Kejriwal in an AMA on Jan 23rd. Details below. Bio Alok Kejriwal CEO amp Cofounder Games2win is an Indian entrepreneur and founder of the Contests2win Group of companies. His startup Mobile2Win China was acquired by Walt Disney in 2006 and Mobile2win India responsible for the Indian Idol voting platform was acquired by Norwest Venture Partners also in 2006. Games2win is a global mobile games company with over 100 million downloads and 1 billion minutes of annual engagement. Its top games include Parking Frenzy also ranked 1 on the US iTunes Appstore. Power Cricket The Fab Tattoo Series High School Driving Test Car Academy and others Alok is also the founder of Therodinhoods a dynamic probono community of over 12000 entrepreneurs. Aloks story of doing business at a very young age has been quoted by the Indian author Ashwin Sanghi in his book 13 Steps to Bloody Good Luck. His experience of starting Games2Win has been mentioned in the book The Mouse Charmers Digital Pioneers of India by Anuradha Goyal. Edward Luce shared his experience of interaction with Alok in his book In Spite of the Gods The Rise of Modern India. Date amp Time January 23rd between 67PM Verification http//i.imgur.com/VhVDVQc.jpg Our thanks to /u/wordswithmagic for approaching Alok for this AMA.. AMA Announcement Alok Kejriwal CEO amp cofounder Games2win a mobile gaming businesse based in India. January 23rd between 67PM IST.: [deleted]. AMA Announcement Alok Kejriwal CEO amp Cofounder Games2win an online gaming businesses based in India. January 23rd between 67PM IST.: [deleted]. The limits to popular sentiment. Six reactions to women not wanting kids. The pain after my Csection was unbearable. But I survived it. And so will you.. As jallikattu protests snowball TN to shut down. My phone number was illegally transferred to a person who wanted it...: I bought a new connection for work... The day it was activated a person called saying that it was his old number and wanted it... Initially it was a request but thereafter it was serious he said he will compete it in police station via sms... I had stopped using the connection because anyway i couldnt make use of it because it was being targeted.. Finally one day when i switched on the phone again i used to just use the internet to exhaust the data remaining and then let the connection go i saw it was in Emergency calls only.. On calling my own number it said Temporarily disconnected... So i chatted with the D... support and they told me that the number had been transferred from prepaid from my name to the same person who was calling me as postpaid... This happened without my consent whatsoever... The support person said they will look into it and by the end of the day the connection will be active on my SIM again.. Later i can Block the number and finally it will disconnect.. The following day a person from the D.. store called me and said that the person produced an FIR and court order and he had to issue the number to him.. So i know the person whos name it has gone to and which city hes in.. Also hes in his late 20s from his picture.. Anyway this person from the store was saying that the main center is saying that you have done fraud and he was asking me if i can give an NOC to the person who has taken my registered number... I said how can i give an NOC to a person who has committed fraud... Anyway when i got back to the chat support after the specified 72 hours 4 days i was told that the documentation was being checked and accordingly action will be taken i was asked to wait another 72 hours... And still am in the waiting period... At the moment i havent reported authorities about this incident but had a month earlier when this person was trying to pressurize me to give up the number... And the cop had said that if he calls you on your persona number he will speak to him... Anyway this fellow is from a smaller town than i am in and northward... So i dont really have much insight into what i should be really doing to prevent the number being misused in my name... It could be transferred back to me anytime... I somehow feel the store person who called must have helped the person since how can the person otherwise know the same day the sim was activated and he called me to ask for it... Anyway not sure if this is the right place to ask this question but i thought asking for help here may be a good place... I somehow feel the matter from the customer support end will just keep rolling on... They had asked me to wait till they get back and then report to the cops... But they are just postponing giving me information for now 4 days have passed.... To all you smart Reddit users I ask if any of you can further my knowledge on North Sentinel Island: [removed]. ImMoral Policing: [deleted]. Indian Adda At World Economic Forum 2017: [deleted]. Why educate daughters if we want to later domesticate them. 10 telltale signs that demonstrate that youve turned into your mother. Emotional infidelity 5 telltale signs that youre having an emotional affair. Omg what to do [R]: [removed]. [R] Daily early risers thread: [removed]. [R] Hello r/india I created a poll to gauge overall community reaction to current affairs.: Recent actions of our government is nothing but polarizing at least here on Reddit. I wanted to see how everybody felt about the issues when you dont have to justify or argue your positions. Please give it a try it will take 10 minutes of your time. https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeUdppL8jEodXUle2SrnAId1jKMZGnaIolEaAtKYMg5ge79Q/viewform I will share the results in two days.. I see your night sky in Tosh and raise you night sky in Sandakphu.. Trying to make my way without bribing: I applied for a VAT registration 2 weeks back and the usual time frame to get VAT number here is around 1014 days only if you bribe the Excise and Taxation Inspector. I decided to not bribe any officer and get my work done without it but its been tough af. Whenever I go to the department the tax inspector is never present there and will mostly not pick my call you know why and if he attends my call he will make excuses to visit him next day or something like that. He visited my premises for inspection once and indirectly asked for bribe which I plainly ignored. After that the guy became invisible to me. After the office inspection the tax inspector has to send the application to above officer i.e. ETO and if he clears my file with no objection then you get a VAT Number. But that inspector hasnt sent my file to above officer and therefore Im waiting for him to show up and move my file to above official. So after waiting a lot I showed up to ETO to raise my issue with the inspector and when I told him that his junior is troubling us and not even showing himself in the office he responded then what shall I do go find the inspector yourself This guy just plainly refused to do his work and asked me to not come to him directly with an issue. So the inspector doesnt come to office and his superior wont listen to me under any circumstances. With no bribe I dont think Ill get my work done anytime soon It is nearly impossible when you have to get your work done in a government deppt without any bribe. And it is sick that everyone around me thinks that the tax inspector deserve the bribe and theyre quite okay with it. Make In India is a cruel joke. / . Please HELP Is my family being scammed or is this a piracy thing: A familyfriend approached my dad with a book scanning project. He said it was for creating ebooks but i know it isnt. The books are sourced from god knows where but they are from all publishers and are novels and other such similarly sized books. Theres an initial investment and after each month of accurate scanning of books they payout is at 4 lacs. The job 1. Every month you will get one or more slot of books. Each slot has about 100150 books. 2. You take the entire slot from their warehouse to a book binding press and remove the binding at Rs.6/book 3. take the debinded books home. check them. Start scan process with the ADF scanner. 4. make chapter wise scans and convert them to PDF. also make separate pdfs for back cover front cover prologue dedication acknowledgement. 5. Put each of these PDFs into separately named folder. Folder have to be named BookNameChapterNo. 6. Collect the folders for the entire slot of books into an External HDD and mail the External HDD. 7. The HDD is mailed back to you after some days. Initial InvestmentOne Time/year The initial caution money is of 5 Lacs/year of which 80 will be paid back to you. If you pay 5 lacs you will get 1 slot of books to complete in 30 days for one year. If you pay 3.5 lacs however you will get 2 slot of books to complete every 30 days for one year. Each of the above will be backed by an agreement. Machinery Expenses One Time For one slot per 30 days 5 lac investment 2 computers with a ADF scanner will be enough. For 2 slots per 30 days 3.5 lac investment 4 PCs with 2 ADF scanners will be required. Work/Job paymentper month Scan 40K pages in 30 days and you will get 4lacs per month. Accuracy has to be maintained at 99.5 else payout reduces. My view This isnt for any one publisher. Not directly at least. This is a scanning process contracted to someone and then further subcontracted to others for god knows how many times and finally to people like us. My guess is after they receive the PDFs in the mailed hard drive they run the PDFs through an OCR software and send it up the chain. Please help me reddit. I just want to protect my family. Is this a scam Has anyone ever heard of this Is it legal or some piracy All payments received by us will be through our bank accounts. What happens then The IRS people are investigating anyone above 2.5 lacs in their account. What taxes will apply We are ready to pay any and all taxes. We dont want to be criminals or evade taxes. . Live Projallikattu protests gather steam across Tamil Nadu. Lets call it what it is Jallikattu IS animal cruelty: Let me start off saying that the Supreme Court was hypocritical in banning the sport but is a step in the right direction. And yes testing medicine and makeup on animals racing zoos the rodeo and a million other things are various degrees of cruelty. I am lapsed vegetarian and I never have and never will try to stop anyone from consuming meat. This post is the most I am willing to do to make noise about the things we can do better but I recognize that it is bad and morally indefensible. There is no argument you can make for banning Jallikattu if you are ok with animal slaughter or factory farming. The two common arguments that the proponents are that 1 it is necessary to protect the indigenous species and 2 it is not torture Jallikattu is not necessary I readily agree that there was a historical need for the sport to exist. Selective breeding of animals is not new or confined to the state and is still practiced elsewhere although with a lot less cruelty. If the intentions of the government and proponents of the sport is to save the indigenous bulls from extinction humane alternatives like artificial insemination and coop reproductive center are absolutely possible. Everyone outside TN are doing it why cant we Conspiracy theories apart there is a reason why other species of cows are popular. They give more milk. Im ready to concede that the A2 variety of milk is better. For that we need more indigenous cows and any way other than Jallikattu is a more humane way of procuring it. A bull can fuck a cow without us meddling. Jallikattu is animal cruelty This is a real slippery slope and we need to be intellectually honest about it. If we can have a rational discussion on the topic and be honest we have to agree that punching kicking pulling the tail grabbing the horns force feeding liquor keeping it in confine spaces are all cruelty. The bulls are put in a simulated hunting scenario where 200 men chase it for honor. The bull is either running for its life trying to defend its territory or both. If there was any other animal in that scenario no sensible person would see it as anything but cruelty. Is it okay for someone to forcibly make you run for your life oneday year while being pampered the rest the year It is undoubtedly mental torture. For the people who argue that the bull and the farmer share a special relationship and it is only during Jallikattu the bull is put through a mild inconvenience would you agree to girl being raped for one day a year and not consider it cruelty and torture if she lives at the end of the ordeal and treated like a queen the rest of the year I will make this analogy with no apology because I believe that one of the great responsibilities we have as a society is to reduce suffering of many living things as possible. Lets protect our cows and bulls at all costs but it does not require this sport. India and cows share a special relationship. Lets have all of that continue. Lets treat respect every animal like we respect the cow. In fact lets have more of that but the only compromise is that we move to a new reality that doesnt involve Jallikattu. . Is it me or there has been a rising Economic Crunch happening in India over the last 8 years: Firstly a little background. I started my own business back in 08 and i have been a regular taxpayer since long. Initially after the starting hiccups we did excellent business in 080910 and even 11. But It was slowly dropping and finally in 2017 it has come to a screeching halt. Like a thump. Mind you i have never taken a single rupee as a loan from Bank. I have absoluetly zero liability and even as it stands i have no problems. BUT. It seems staggering that the economic downtrend is going unnoticed almost everywhere i look. Few bullet points to consider. 1 Indias Exports has gone down instead of up even losing to smaller countries like Bangladesh Vietnam Cambodia etc in speciality sectors where india used to lead. 2 The Dollar used to be 37 and is now at a staggering 68 almost 69. It only indicates the weakness in Indian Economy 3 The Unemployment levels are increasing at an alarming rate but the government will have you believe that its dropping. But ground reality is very different. 4 Crime rate are marginally increasing 5 The Wealth inequality has increased tremendously in last 10 years. Even back in 2010 i travelled all around India and there was a genuine buzz in marketplaces people were buying all kind of things and the prices didnt matter much. The restaurants were packed the cinemas were packed. You literally had to wait for months to watch a movie in cinema. All that is a distant reality. For me atleast. Even during my recent trip to Delhi i was shocked to see pretty much empty marketplace in upmarket Gurugram which used to be dense packed anytime or any year in 2012. Even in Delhi the infrastructure seems to have come to a standstill. Lots of vacant malls / shops / marketplaces. Places like Gurugram n noida have deteriorated. And i keep thinking all the time is it only me or it is really happening The inflation happening in Insane and common people seem to be suffering immensely. I recently met a person earning 30k a month in a small town. He told me he hasnt tasted GRAPES in last 34 years. Because they usually cost 300Rs/KG and he has literally no money left at end of the month. The Dollar price has increased cost of almost all products imported into India and i think that has played a huge part. Shrinking domestic consumption is another. And cheap imports are hurting local employment. All in all it seems like people are increasing living within their means not taking risks not going out enough. Hell i remember purchasing tickets for 85k return to London in 2009. and i usually had to wait about 15 days delayed tickets. Now you can get it anytime for cheaper and the flights are a lot empty. People arent travelling abroad much from India. Another Indication and which is a BIG SMOKING GUN. is that Indian Direct Tax collection has been decreasing rapidly and no matter what Government and IT department does RAIDS amp SURVEYS the IT department keeps missing its goals. Even with a lot of new taxpayers coming into the system each year the IT department is missing sometimes even previous years figures. And many times they had to rely on retrospectively tax Vodafone and many other huge companies to inflate their balance sheet and still they would miss its targets. But then again this is all my research and opinion. In a developing country like India i just havnt seen even a slight development over the last 78 years in nearly every state and i have travelled far and wide. The same development i saw from 1999 to 2008 seemed to be astonishing and amazing. What are your thoughts. Announcement Upcoming events AMAs and such: Hello /r/india I hope youre having a fantastic week. We have a bunch of exciting things already lined up and more things on the pipline. AMA on 21st of January Saturday /u/an8hu the resident chef of /r/India will do an AMA. AMA on 25th of January Wednesday /u/ravihanda has agreed to do an AMA as part of our AMA with an expert redditor series. He runs an online business where he teaches people MBA/CAT course material. AMA on 1st of February Wednesday /u/RonDunE has worked with ISRO for around 3 years in remote sensing and geoinformatics capabilities. He has agreed to do an AMA on /r/India for our experts AMA series. AMA on 11th of February Saturday /u/Capnemo1984 is a CA who has agreed to do an AMA on /r/India as apart of our Ask An Expert series. AMA on 12th of February Sunday /u/architectmacha is an architect who has agreed to do an AMA with us a part of our AMA with an expert redditor series. AMA on 15th of February Wednesday /u/hopelessray works as manager for a major player in the broadcast industry and has agreed to do an AMA on /r/india. AMA on 18th of February Saturday /u/u/denzilcorrea the computer scientist of /r/india has agreed for an AMA with us. If you would like to do an AMA as well about your profession no matter what it is let us know in this thread and well be happy to host you.. Announcement Upcoming events AMAs and such: Hello /r/India The mods in charge of these things are either drunk or abducted. They have a more detailed schedule of upcoming events. But here are the AMAs that are scheduled till end of this month I may have missed some will update this post over time. AMA on 18th of January Wednesday /u/batatavada is a HR professional who has agreed to do an AMA on /r/india. AMA on 21st Jaunary Saturday /u/an8hu the resident chef of /r/India will do an AMA. AMA on 25th of January Wednesday /u/ravihanda has agreed to do an AMA as part of our AMA with an expert redditor series. He runs an online business where he teaches people MBA/CAT course material. If you would like to do an AMA as well about your profession no matter what it is let us know in this thread and well be happy to host you. . How about a /r/BuyItForLife/ th[r]ead for india: Lest create a list of items which would are buy it for life and available in India.. Rant about Phone Stores: Im a phone enthusiast and I often go to phone stores like Univercell Poorvika to check out the new phones. Every time I go there the guys who work there flock me and keep asking me questions like which phone Im looking for. When I tell them I just want to check out the phones they stand right next to me and keep staring at me. What the fuck Cant a man just check out the phones in peace Its fucking uncomfortable and annoying when people stand right next to you and keep staring at you condescendingly. Some times they start yapping bullshit like that phone has an octacore processor and its very good. Im not a noob to believe more the number of cores better the performance. I feel bad for the gullible people who fall for the buzzwords like octacore 20 MP camera. This one time at Univercell I got really tired of those store people standing right next to me so I told them I would call them if necessary. Within 5 minutes 4 guys came over and started mocking me by asking me how am I gonna pay for that phone by cash or card. I mean they decided I was going to buy that particular phone by themselves and started talking in a condescending tone to me. The store manager wasnt available at that time but Im not sure he would have been of much help. Why do people have to behave like rowdies Im just gonna spend some time checking out the phones and leave. Assholes. 11 triedandtested organising tips for super busy moms. 10 things a nonbreastfeeding mom would like to say to you ZenParent. [R]Watering hole for Indian entrepreneurial younguns: So is there a watering hole or a gathering place for potential Indian entrepreneurs who share their stories tips help beginners etc I know there are places like yourstory.com but I was thinking more along a forum. A place for free discussion. Is there a sub for this I have noticed a lot of interest here and there with beginners asking questions and not getting satisfactory answers. I think a gathering place for discussions will act like a solid and comfortable launchpad for potential entrepreneurs.. [Serious] Randians who have moved out of their parents house how has it impacted you: Hi guys I am in my mid 20s have a nice job I live in one of the metros with my parents. Now a question/thought/feeling has been bugging me for quite a while since I started working. I feel i should move out of my parents flat I live there coz i. Parents rather have me nearby ii. They are content that I am not upto drugs and baby making with gerls. iii. I save a ton on rent. Now the question I want to ask and want you to answer is a how has it impacted you psychologically If so what are the changes impacts it has had on you. b Next in the order of priority of answers I am looking for how are the superficial things I know laundry and cooking is difficult I have lived alone for a while during my studies. I find it really inconvenient to stay at my parents cant bring female friends home or even my friends or girls for sax. Just to re iterate I am looking for answers relating to changes in your mentality. Has it made you more hungry for success Has it made you more focused on life More motivated . Follow incredible World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2017. 100 dignitaries from India represented: Davos is unprecedented 1000s of Global CEOs Hundreds of Govt officials from most countries. Civil societies all Banks All Global institutions are represented Watch live all videos https//www.weforum.org/events/worldeconomicforumannualmeeting2017 100 Indians from SBI Chairman to Govt Ministers attending Many Businessmen from India are also there. Some Special India sessions. https//www.weforum.org/events/worldeconomicforumannualmeeting2017/sessions/indiasturntotransform on 19 January. Incredible learning believe me you would become better at life.. [AMA on /r/UpliftingKhabre at 630 PM today] The Better India News outlet that showcases positive news unsung heroes and happy stories across India. Learn to tell whether these 10 fruits are ripe or not. 9 things you need to say to your kids more often to strengthen your relationship. If your toddler son wanted to wear a pink frock would you let him. Got a call from person claiming to be volunteer for National Child Relief Services. Is this a scam : The link she gave for the organisation is following. http//www.nationalcrs.org/contactus/ I am student and upon hearing that she told me to donate my pocket money. She told me a child is supposed to have a surgery this afternoon and immediately requires money for the surgery. I am almost sure this can be a scam but am not sure how to prove it. Also thinking about it if she got my number she might have as well got numbers of my friends and relatives. What can I do about it . CHINA State TV says it would take countrys motorised troops 48 hours and its paratroops 10 hours to reach Indias capital if war broke out. [R]Can someone solve this Stuck here for over 2 weeks: [deleted]. [ShowerThought] Because of our culture there is a tendency among Indians to be fatalistic. Which means we tend to believe that its in our destiny/fate to be great. So people tend to get complacent and not work towards something that the universe has designed to give it to us anyway.: We Indians believe in the concept of Karma/destiny. We believe that we had a great past and will have a great future. And its only the transient present that we are struggling. We have to change that mindset to think that we have an unknown future in front of us and its only our hard work and conscious efforts that can shape them. What do you guys think PS This is based on a recent conversation I had with my friend who is a struggling but aspiring filmmaker. He believes that he is going to succeed this year because an astrologer said so. And he is not putting as much effort one would expect of him to achieve his goals.. I was to study higher preferably something in different domain from my bachelors. Is it possible : I stopped with B.E. because family couldnt afford further. now 29 unmarried and have around 89 years of experience in software industry. I am good at what I do. But i am getting bored of what i do. Now i have about 1015k every month left unused every month. I want that to invest in myself. What are my options i love to do Ph.D / R amp D kind of work. Is it possible to do without masters degree how much market value does udemy/coursera/online univs have in real world i love psychology humanities or medicine related is it possible to learn something on medicine or biotech with my computer science background Last i touched Biology was at 10th grade.. [Shower Thought] Over the years standard of indian Husbands have improved but standard of indian Wives have gone down.: [deleted]. One percent of Indians own 58 of countrys wealth Oxfam inequality report. Indians Breeding Useless Babies like rats 1.3 billion people. Dying like rats in stampedes. poor quality of life forever: [deleted]. [R]Do Indians use Zeronet: [removed]. The top 10 cashless countries have better transparency than India: Contrary to yesterdays post https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5nqoj9/therearecountrieswithmorecashless/header by /u/awkwardpause The top 10 countries with high cashless transactions have better Transparency rating than India http//www.worldatlas.com/articles/whicharetheworldsmostcashlesscountries.html Rank Country Rank Country Noncash payments share of Total Value of Consumer Payments of Population with a debit card Transparency Internationals Corruption Perception Index. Perceived Transparency rank aka most clean countries 1 Belgium 93 86 15 2 France 92 69 23 3 Canada 90 88 9 4 U.K 89 88 10 5 Sweden 89 96 03 6 Australia 86 79 13 7 The Netherlands 85 98 05 8 U.S.A. 80 72 16 9 Germany 88 88 10 10 South Korea 70 58 37 http//www.transparency.org/cpi2015 Also ttps//www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/04/swedencashlesssocietycardsphoneappsleadingeurope According to central bank the Riksbank cash transactions made up barely 2 of the value of all payments made in Sweden last year a figure some see dropping to 0.5 by 2020. In shops cash is now used for barely 20 of transactions half the number five years ago and way below the global average of 75. And astonishingly about 900 of Swedens 1600 bank branches no longer keep cash on hand or take cash deposits and many especially in rural areas no longer have ATMs. Circulation of Swedish krona has fallen from around 106 bn in 2009 to 80bn last year. http//www.transparency.org/cpi2015 Sweden is ranked 3rd most transparent or cleancountry in the world I wont make the same correlation causation mistake because corruption is a complex issue where cashless is but one of the tools Presence or absence of cash doesnt affect corruption. All the top ranked countries which are deemed most transparent are developed nations with a strong judicial investigative and anticorruption laws and agencies. Major reason for corruption to occur is due to leakage in delivery of goods and services by government. Law and order and transparent SOPs and streamlining of activities Even Transparency International agrees that it is these leakages which are responsible for corruption https//www.transparency.org/news/pressrelease/20080627corruptioningovernmentservicesleavesbplhouseholdsinalurch gt According to the Project Director of the study Dr. Subrato K. Mondal CMS several welcome initiatives like RTI Act egovernance including massive computerization etc. will only be effective to bring transparency in the system if the information is available in the public domain. https//www.transparency.org/news/pressrelease/policethenjudiciarymostcorruptpublicinstitutionsinsouthasiareveal gt The TI Corruption in South Asia survey strongly supports the case for empowering regulatory bodies such as the office of the Ombudsman said Gopakumar Krishnan to oversee the activities of public agencies which across the region are the sole providers of many basic necessities. The findings also indicate that where the law is silent on standards of service agencies simply provide poorer services. He added TI has identified that increasing measures to improve transparency from citizens charters to the practice of publicly posting official fees has proven effective in holding public officials to account and reducing corruption. Even Transparency Internation upon whose report whole post yesterday was based on does not say anything with regards to presence or absence of cash/cashless transaction affecting corruption. All their advice usually is about streamlining and opening up the processes Transparency International itself does not find any corelation between percentage of cash transaction and corruption. All their advice to combat includes suggestions of egovernance for ground level services and more power to regulatory agencies and open operating procedures. OP is making the the classic correlation causation mistake. https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CorruptioninIndia The largest contributors to the corruption are entitlement programmes and social spending schemes enacted by the Indian government. The causes of corruption in India include excessive regulations complicated tax and licensing systems numerous government departments each with opaque bureaucracy and discretionary powers monopoly of government controlled institutions on certain goods and services delivery and the lack of transparent laws and processes https//papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfmabstractid2377908 The results found out that no single strategy can address all types of corruption and that the cashless policy can only reduce petty corruption which is the lowest level of corruption as against all forms of corruption. The study concluded that the inevitability of addressing the root cause of corruption and devising compatible systemic and multipronged solutions is the most appropriate approach to addressing the menace. This will require enacting or modifying legislation having effective punishment for corrupt individuals and systemic changes occasioned by reengineering processes that interface with the common man through the use of innovative technology solutions such as electronic governance which will play the role of empowering the citizens by making governance more transparent and citizenfriendly. . Why out people put their mobile number/Email address on any website publicly: Why our peoplesorry for that typo i hate stock android keyboard are these folks are against PRIVACY eg the title said visit this link to get this app/software or result link etc and people will start writing their roll number there or email/phone etc even on facebooknot sure if they still do it coz i have left ittwitter and quora. Indira Nehru and Chaplin Switzerland 1953. The Border between India and Bhutan. India is on the right.: [deleted]. Inside the macho divisive world of Tamil Nadus bulltaming sport Jallikattu. Help me randia. Want to brand my dog.: I have a alsatian that i just just bought recently. I want to brand it with my name on it. Can I do it by myself If so please suggest instruments. Otherwise suggest me places near chennai where it can be done.. Can we have Budget 2017 Flair we are just 2 weeks away: Budget ideas policy changes a lot more articles and insights will be posted here for Next 2 Weeks and few more days after that. So it will be good to have Budget 2017 Flair.. All about Indias 1st Payments Bank by Airtel launched with initial investment of Rs 3000 crores to develop a pan India banking network and digital payments ecosystem. [Via MoneyControl]. There are countries with more cashless transactions than India but still with higher corruption index. Conversely there are countries with heavy reliance on cashbased transaction but still have low level of perceived corruption. Cash is not the problem processes are.: Here is the link to the blog that shows this https//satark.wordpress.com/2016/12/13/cashlesscorruptionlesscannarendramodiarunjaitleyanswerhoardsofcashinE282B92000notes/ gtTransparency International prepares the corruption perception index CPI which is widely publicised and accepted as authoritative. The estimation of cashless consumer transactions CCT was done by Master Card which suffers from conflict of interest as it wants to promote 100 CCT along with others like Visa Global Banks and Payment gateways who all would be major beneficiaries of cashless society along with consumer marketing giants. Take a look at the following table that shows CCT CPIRank and MacroEconomic Prerequisites Score MPSC to go Cashless for 34 countries. gt0 The highest rank in cashless transactions in held by Singapore but it still uses cash for 39 of consumer transactions. gt1 If one takes Indias readiness to go cashless then among the countries with comparable CCT 1 or 2 Saudi Arabia MPSC57ScoreCPI48Rank Malaysia 56S54R and Thailand 48S76R are far better placed than India 29S76R for conversion to digital money. Brazil with 43 MPSC score is not only better placed to go cashless but already does 15 CCT or 7 times more than India. But still is perceived to be equally corrupt. gt2 Sweden CCT59CPI3R Netherlands 605R amp Canada 57 9R have comparable CCT to France 5923R and their cultural affinity would be significant yet France does poorly on CPI in comparison. Canada MPSC91 is best prepared to go cashless but still has over 40 cashtransactions. UAE 8 23R has just 1/7th of Frances CCT but is still reckoned to be not more corrupt. gt3 Two oriental economies second largest China CCT10CPI83R and third largest Japan 1418R both use cash in more than 85 consumer transactions but have widely different outcomes on CPI. Japans CCT is 1/4th of France yet it fares better on CPI than France CPI23. This and Singapore CPI8 blows the myth that Asians are corrupt unlike western Europeans. gtThis also blows holes in the theory that going cashless helps remove or minimise corruption. It is not the cashless transactions but better tax structure a transparent and accountable tax administration a trust in the system that the my tax paid will not go to some politician openness taming the bureaucracy all these things will make us pay taxes. There are n number of ways to hide taxes even in digital transactions. Cash is a very important role to play in a free society. A society where a persons financial life is not in his own hands is not a free society. To those who say that I have nothing to hide and the government can see all my transactions Ill like to say what Edward Snowden said to people who said they dont care about privacy Arguing that you dont care about privacy because you have nothing to hide is like arguing that you dont care about free speech because you have nothing to say. To people who say that we can give up some liberty in the name of security Ill like to quote Benjamin Franklin one of the founding fathers of USA Those who would give up essential Liberty to purchase a little temporary Safety deserve neither Liberty nor Safety. . The Amazon fiasco: Yesterday I had voiced my opinion against Sushma Swaraj strong arming Amazon on Fb. Immediately I was faced with a strong backlash few of them calling me antinational too liberal blind etc.. I dont want to categorize them or label them as any supporters as I personally know all those people and share a different opinion. But all of them was unanimous in saying that strongarming was the right option and should have been the first option instead of simply telling them to take it down. Two of them said that the message is clear you should be afraid when you do something like that and using fear to bully them is fine. Is this the message we want to give the companies investing here Hurt a few peoples sentiments and wed kick you out no matter what There are many Indians who support the actions and few who might oppose it but it all boils down to the same issue. Why do we have to label someone and live in our bubbles Why dont we have a conversation where we can listen to what the other persons argument is Please provide valid arguments instead of name calling here also. That isnt the point. . H1B Again Under Fire Ahead of Trump Presidency: [deleted]. UI UX Design Bootstrap Training UI Development Training in Bangalore. Rid yourself of body hair with these 6 home remedies. What I learnt from losing my child in a mall. Is Feminism in India a must because of terrible Treatment of Women in India: In a country like India Feminism and Equality be a Must taught in Schools because of society is really bad at treatment of women. Violence against Women is a commonplace so Feminism is must to make aware and mitigate violence Even in West majority 95 of Feminism is Good serves Great purpose Just dont generalise small radical stuff. Feminism Equality Justice against violence Right to Choose whatever they do with their life with their body.. 182 days since i quit smoking.: A little Joy that i want to share. After 3 unsuccessful attempts to quit smoking i finally quit it on 15072016 and i have stayed strong this time for a solid 6 months and havent taken even a single puff nor do i have a problem standing among a group of smokers. Yes it can be done And i have done it Even u can do it applies to smokers . Edit 1 To all the successful quitters congratulations to everyone and stay strong to the people who have a hard time quitting here is how i stopped what i did when i got a craving. How i stopped abruptly And all i did was just stick with it its way too difficult in the initial few days but it get easier as the days pass. How did i handle my craving whenever i got craving to smoke i would pretend that i have a cigarette in my hand and do the same actions of smoking believe me the mind gets tricked here... All u need to do is get out of the urge to smoke u can do it by using salt lemon chocolates. Its a very short window of 12 minute that u need to beat thats it. people who cant find a reason to quit i would advice them to Visit a cancer hospital where there are large number of cancer patients its easy to identify the once with oral cancer since they were smokers observe these people carefully for some a part of cheek will be operated someones tougue might be operated on. this is where things end up. If you are still in senses i think you have a reason now. And if you want to shakeup yourself inside out and be grateful to youre life engage in a conversation with one of them you will know what it is like to be in that position. use this as a last resort Fear can sometimes used as a motivation harness it . Can we PLEASE stop using meaningless labels to generalise each other while talking politics [R]: Not everyone who has a positive opinion about Modi/BJP is a Bhakt or Unkil. Not everyone who is critical of him a Sickular. Not everyone who is still optimistic about Kejriwal/AAP is an AAPtard. These labels are understandable when used by obviously biased hardcore supporters of a particular party/ideology. But why here Why is every second post/comment in here using such terms Arent we supposed to be the sane rational ones Why drag each other down and make horrible generalisations Cant we have have better saner discussions. [R]TIFU by taking a dump in office: The story starts day before yesterday evening. So I skipped dinner at home and went out with a couple of friends late at night and ate a lot of Indian food. Being a little too excited about meeting each other after a long time and some brilliant North Indian dishes that were so tempting we made a bet who would eat the most pays the least. I hogged as much as I could but lost the bet and ended up paying half the bill. Then I went home and slept like an overturned truck. Tired after the energy sapping eating session I slept off as soon as I reached home. The next morning I started off early for a meeting at the office. I work at a startup just three of us in a studio space and a toilet. Usually I do my morning routine at home. But yesterday owing to the North Indian diet consisting mainly of Naan bread Roti and curry I was a bit constipated and dint feel the heat and ignoring my instincts went off to work. Around 11ish I started to feel a bit queasy and farty all at the same time. I was in the middle of a client meeting at this point and was into discussing the project with the client with full gusto. I suppressed my gastrointestinal urges as much as I could but was squirming in my chair in a few minutes. I excused myself and ran out of the studio into the ladies room. Peace. After a very satisfying release I flushed. The water was very slowly flushing down. And more particulate matter seemed to rush up from the depths as I tried to flush the slush each time Horror of horrors My dump was so big it clogged the P Bend system and the water flow.the water flow was a nightmare..it wasnt getting flushed down but instead the water came back up.. til the edge of the seat DamnI knew I should do something... I poured buckets and buckets of water focussing on the solid to ease the mass but what chance does water have against the dump from the devil himself It dint work.. It just dint I came out of the toilet.. took a look around and saw a long stick it was like the universe knew I needed it and put it there I took it and twisted it into the huge mess.. and finally it all went tumbling down the drain.Ahh. Finally. Peace. I went back to the meeting grinning like an idiot. I was gone for over an hour. With a half assed apology of having health problems I finished the meeting. I saw the clients grinning as they left. I then realized the wall between the toilet and studio is a single brick wall which doesnt dampen sound a lot. They mustve heard me my ginormous fart the victory cry from my ass when I took the dump as well as my attempts at trying to flush down the poop monster. My colleagues laughed their ass off when they confirmed my suspicions. I took the day off today. . Owaisi chief says allot Haj subsidy for girls education: [deleted]. Hey /r/India which are some Indian companies that you would dearly miss if they disappeared and why: Mine would be the Royal Enfield. Doesnt have to be a company born in India.. Can states like Maharastra Gujarat Southern IndiaTKKK survive as separate Nations : Yes or No Please provide Reasons as well for each state if possible. . [R] POLL Will you buy i custom order printed doormats of your family photo or your kids or your religious symbol : Funny that is another brand is FORCED to recall its boots because it left swastikas. http//www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article4106996/ThereSWASTIKASbottomBootbrandforcedrecallfootwearcustomerscomplainsolescoveredinappropriatesymbols.html Humans are emotional Everyone has sentiments Please respect it. ninja edit Will you buy if i start a service that custom order printed doormats of your family photo or your kids or your religious symbol EDIT 2 clarified further sorry for poor Inglis skils. Best Resorts in Dandeli Jungle Resort Dandeli. Parenting a shorttempered toddler is exhausting. But dont lose hope.. What to look for when youre buying maternity bras. Question about science education in India: Hi all Im an Australian 23 in a relationship with an Indianborn guy 31 and I wanted to find out if some of the things he believes are actually taught in school as he says they are. I can put down his belief in two suns two moons and a mystical mountain to his Jain upbringing hes a Catholic convert but he genuinely believes the stomach has fire in it not stomach acid and enzymes that breaks down food and says he learnt this in public school. Is this actually taught as science in schools Im curious. I just find it so odd how hes just finished a masters in Engineering here in Australia yet doesnt believe me when I tell him about enzymes stomach acid hormones and other scientific things etc. I mean no offence if some people do believe that the digestive system involves fire but I just wanted to know if thats what was taught in schools. Edit my previous post was deleted because I hadnt added flair. Sorry. Ive not posted in this sub before.. [Announcement] Cultural Exchange with our friends from /r/europe: Hello /r/india Today we warmly welcome our friends from /r/europe for a cultural exchange. We hope this will be an enlightening experience for all of us due to our shared history many similarities varied cuisine languages people ethnicities and climates as well as our increasingly interconnected economies. [The equivalent thread on /r/europe is available here]https//www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5nfyxe/culturalexchangewithrindiacomeandjoinus/ For those new to cultural exchanges heres how it works /r/europe puts up a dedicated thread linked above for users from /r/india to go and participate in and this is the dedicated thread to host our friends from /r/europe. We hope you will all observe the rules of reddit /r/europe and /r/india while participating in these threads /r/europe users youre invited to use the EU flag flair which is available in our flair selection menu and you can add your country to that if youd like. If you do not wish to do so you may also set a regular Europe map flair with the country. . Question about science education in India.: [removed]. Lalbazar Cyber Crime Branch came to my house sent me a notice and ceased my phonerouterdonglehard disk for creating a meme page on facebook: Folks I was the admin of a satirical facebook page for meme called Makor Shah which was about sharing the screenshot of the trolling attempts of JU professor who is a public figure appears on TV. [Here I have explained what it was about.]https//watstory.com/story/view/7253/iwillnotbegagged On 6th of January Lalbazar Cyber Crime Branch knocked on my door ceased my devices and sent me a notice to appear before them the next day for interrogation on an FIR filed by the professor on the charges of hacking and identity theft. Indian IT Act Section 43 and 66C. I can only get the ceased devices back after 5 to 6 months. Lalbazar Cyber Crime Branch came to my house sent me a notice and ceased my phone router dongle and hard disk for creating a meme page on facebook: [removed]. Christians in India increasingly under attack study shows. We need more Indians on this subreddit and Reddit in general please invite tell your Friends Acquaintances: We have just 65200 users as i type this but India is nation of 1.3 billion people. 300 million internet users. Iam guessing 100 million regular who visit various websites for news and others things. Reddit is wonderful thing one of best things on internet there are multiple millions of Indians who use various websites but not ignorant people do stupid whatsapp forwards in case if you are worried of quality dip. Please Invite your friends Acquaintances or any one you know to this Subreddit and Reddit in general. India is not even among top 5 countries in terms of Visits or Traffic. Some people who care about India would stay here. Others would take advantage of innumerable Subreddits for world of knowledge and entertainment News. It would even help in their Professional Careers. Many knowledgeable Indians know about Reddit but dont use often because of UI UX. they are not used to it at 1st it looks complex. Its an anonymous platform no body can find you out not even your The Closest Friend. I believe it would help them in personally professionally and many other ways. Please do your bit in evangelizing kind of many Indians to come to reddit. Any topic in the world i go to Reddit specific sub. it has incredible information and search for old posts. Please do publicize it for the sake of India and Indians Reddit is Great. . Import Export Data after 26th November 2016 [R]: There is no import export data available for any goods after 26th November 2016. Zuaba and all are drawing a blank and AFAIK there was no notification from the government as to why no data is being made available. Does anyone have any idea whats going on . Have you seen Obama brilliant farewell Speech Indians Indian Leaders Public Personalities have a lot to learn.: [Obama Farewell Address Full Speech]https//www.youtube.com/watchvD0UT0gNOsCI Really wonderful emotional and touching speech why do our leaders and public personalities dont even come close to any way good. If India has that kind of speakers it would inspire billion people. We need Indian public speakers to have that kind of grasp.. Jallikattu Investigation Jan 2013 [Youtube 3 min]. Dont hinder your childs chances at success by making these 6 parenting mistakes. Imam who issued fatwa against Modi now threatens Tarek Fatah of beheading: [deleted]. Twitterati call for arrest of Kolkata Imam who threatened to behead Tarek Fatah after issuing fatwa on PM Modi. What India can learn from Meryl Streeps brilliant speech at the Golden Globes: [deleted]. 5 selfdefence techniques every woman should know. Petition to ban GTA in India.: This is causing our youths to drive rashly and driving on footpaths. Please ban GTA. Innocent bollywood stars are already facing problems due to this. Jai Hind. A letter from an engineering student Howd I reply [R]: Background My wifes friends have a group that go to schools and colleges and educate the students about mental health depression and how important it is to not neglect symptoms of deteriorating mental health. At the end of the session they give out an email ID to which any student can send an email and they will get guidance without having their identities revealed. We have been to about 5 engineering colleges and since I wanted to interact with the students I tagged along. I have been actively responding to letters written by school goers and college goers. Mostly the issue has something to do parents or relationships. Some although very rarely spoke about how not being able to score good marks is affecting them mentally. But this is one letter that I received from one of the top 5 engineering colleges in Karnataka. I have edited the letter to hide out personal details and places. The Letter gtDear Sir gt Off late I have been depressed. It has partially to do with my marks but mainly about how this place shows I am worthless. I am a student studying in my 5th Semester. Everybody whom I knew scored internships in the break of 1st year when I hardly knew any skills. I come from a upper middle class family and my family are not the one who would even agree to the thought of an alternate career. More over this is what I love. Engineering is what I dreamt of from a very young age. I loved Computer Science. Although I will tell you I did Biology in my 11th and 12th. Despite of taking up a subject that I hate I managed to score a decent 95 in my finals. Hate is a big word but when I was in 10th grade I used to hate Bio. Only after taking up Biology did I even try to understand and gain interest in the subject. But in Engineering I am just an average Joe despite having interest and putting in extra hardwork. gt I study religiously everyday. I dont go by the clock but I am either studying or watching some tutorials on Youtube. I study enough to cover that days portion and watch some video tutorials about what will be taught in class the next day. In Math I solve all the problems done in the class and go through all the concepts. But still I manage to score 8.34 GPA. While this appears to be a great deal it would appear low when compared to the semester average in CS 8.6 GPA. But marks is not all that I worry about. Marks for me was secondary. Improving my skillset was my main goal when I came to engineering. I saw of it as if I had all the time I wanted to sit and work. I taught myself Nodejs MongoDB HTML CSS JavaScript Angular2 and the one you recommended in your talk Python. I would like to state that I share your love for Python and have implemented code to power a Telegram Bot which I would like to demonstrate to you someday. I thought I was doing good. gt That was until I started talking to other people. Everybody is way above where I am. They talk of developing something that I could not even think of as if it is a childs play. People score internships using their parents reach in the market and I can hardly get an interview. When I spoke to the College Advisor along with the Counsellor the Advisor asked me to start work on a research paper. Now I have no clue about how to go about writing a research paper. I assume you are in the field where research papers are the thing I was hoping if you could link me to some resources to do the same. gt Coming to the main point No matter how optimistic I am every day of college just feels like a day in hell to me. Surrounded by smart people boasting off about how they scored interviews preinterview calls won hackathons won codeathons developed XYZ wrote a paper about XYZ so on and so forth while I am just not doing anything even remotely close to that level to match things up. gt It horrifies me that despite my efforts in the end of my 4th year I would not have a job or even a job interview to attend I have tried speaking to a Listener a counsellor and the Advisor. None could advice me anything other than It shall pass It is the same with everyone You are overthinking it. Think about your parents You are full of negativity etc. gt If you could guide me in any way Id be thankful. gt Regards So I want to help this student with the details on how to go about with a research paper and I want this student to not feel so down. I have no clue how to reply to this and neither does my wife. I sent him an email asking him to meet in person so that one of my wifes friends can guide him professionally but he refused because he had had enough of professionals telling him the same thing over and over again without steps to improve. Help a student out /r/india. Police to prepare database of Rohingyas Bangladeshis in Jammu. [R] How do I find and get a scholarship to study in Europe: Im graduating in 2018 with a standard shitty BA unfortunately. Id like to do my MA/MSc in psychology or a related subject in Europe. I couldnt afford to do so without a scholarship to cover the tuition my living expenses either one or both as some countries dont charge tuition fees. What are the best resources for me to look for assistance Should I go to an education agency I was considering The Chopras for information Any applications I make will be independent and not through an agent. I just need reliable information. Help a behen out aapka din shubh ho or whatever. Thanks. The Western girl on Indias streets Get used to the Western girl s millions of them its possibly the only way to keep predators away. [R] I want to understand more regarding the current nature of hostility of China towards India.: So yeah Im a noob in postindependent Indian history. I want to understand why China has this special relationship with Pakistan I mean logically speaking considering India is performing significantly better than Pak I dont see China why is not backing us economically and making ties with Mexico apparently. Why is China so hostile towards India Both of them were socialists then became capitalists both of them had similar level of bullshit towards colonies I know China as a hole was never colonised but Opium wars or what not. I dont see why China wouldnt want India as a major trading partner or the trading partner IDK. Considering Chinas aging population shouldnt they outsource some of the jobs to India I dont know why they love Pak so much. Interacting with India would benefit both countries. Edit To my chinese people I love you No Homo probably hetero.. Map of the most unsafe Indian states for women: [deleted]. Career advice What are some IT companies with best chance for long term abroad deploymentonsite and good payscale: What are some good IT companies with long term onsite deployment opportunities and competitive payscale PS I already know about the usuals like TCS Cognizant Wipro infosys etc which has good onsite chances but lower than standard payscales.. I was molested in Mumbai Central. Even after slapping him twice he stood naked in front of me.. Announcement Upcoming AMAs and cultural exchanges: Hello /r/india I hope youre having a fantastic weekend. We have a bunch of exciting things already lined up and more things on the pipline. AMA on 11th of January Wednesday As part of our ongoing [AMA with an expert redditor series]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5jz9wk/rindiaamawithanexpertseriesandstickied/ /u/monsultant has agreed to do an AMA. They are a management consultant. Cultural Exchange on 12th of January Thursday On the 12th of January we have a very exciting cultural exchange scheduled with /r/europe. For redditors who have just joined us /r/india will make a thread and host questions from Europeans here and /r/europe will make a thread on /r/europe and host Indians there. We hope this cultural exchange will be enlightening for users from /r/india. AMA on 18th of January Wednesday /u/batatavada is a HR professional who has agreed to do an AMA on /r/india. AMA on 25th of January Wednesday /u/ravihanda has agreed to do an AMA as part of our AMA with an expert redditor series. He runs an online business where he teaches people MBA/CAT course material. We have a lot more such AMAs and cultural exchanges on the pipline and will keep you updated. If you would like to do an AMA as well about your profession no matter what it is let us know in this thread and well be happy to host you. . No tests for Indian Students with foreign MBBS Degrees likely proposal sent to MCI[R]. [R] Were a patriarchal societymen are in authority in all aspects which is root cause of women condition in the country. Do you think so too. What should we do about it If you need more context read my full post. https//medium.com/pradeepio/youredoingitwrongbcb9ede2f210. Seeking native Kashimiri and Sindhi speakers to serve as language proficiency testers: The American Council on the Teaching of Foreign Languages ACTFL is looking for native Kashmiri and Sindhi speakers to serve as parttime language proficiency testers. You must be based in the U.S. have valid work permission in the U.S. and attend one inperson training session with all expenses paid by ACTFL. At the inperson training youd learn how to use a rating scale of speaking proficiency. Then once someone needs to be rated youd talk on the phone with someone who is learning Kashmiri or Sindhi and determine that persons speaking rating. We dont expect youd have more than a few of these appointments per month with each lasting about 30 minutes. Attending an ACTFL language proficiency tester training is an opportunity to support learners of your native language meet language professionals and become involved in the work of a highly recognized foreign language association. There is payment available for undergoing this training in addition certified language testers are paid per test conducted. Go to the application at [https//www.actfl.org/professionaldevelopment/trainingcertification/ilropicandidateapplication]https//www.actfl.org/professionaldevelopment/trainingcertification/ilropicandidateapplication for more information. [ACTFL]http//www.actfl.org is a USbased nonprofit organization dedicated to the improvement and expansion of the teaching and learning of all languages at all levels of instruction.. Where to study Hindi in India: I want to study Hindi in India but I dont where to start or what the costs might be. Can anyone advise. Best Institute for Tableau in Bangalore. Where to study Hindi in India: [removed]. Best Python Training Institutes in BTM Layout Bangalore. South Indian people What do you mean when you use the word mass: [deleted]. Kids are the cutest especially when they talk about love. Look at these 30 quotes. A humble plea to Randians.. [R]: Hey r/India. Be warned this post is going to be fairly long. And just as a disclaimer I really dont mean to offend anyone and if unintentionally I have I do apologize. I do not claim to be wiser or smarter or better than any of you Im merely a concerned redditor. So Ive been on Reddit for the better part of a year now and have been following this subreddit for most of that time. I have never seen or been a part of something as fun thoughtprovoking and egalitarian as this beautiful website. To me what makes Reddit so amazing is the quality of the people here and the kind of frank intellectual atmosphere thats built up between all of us as we discuss debate and share amazing content. I am like many of you on this sub a rather concerned frustrated citizen of India. Every day we hear about peoples fundamental rights being trampled on and we see people being ghastly cruel and inhuman to each other. The NYE incident in Bengaluru the insensitive remarks of our leaders upon it and the news about a girl being molested in Delhi are simply the most recent and talkedabout cases that I can cite here. Hundreds more go by on a weekly basis which the media doesnt cover or isnt sensational enough or get covered up or go unreported and that I as a common citizen dont hear about or dont have the time to find out about. Even in daily life we hear and see our people being unspeakably mean and selfish. I had a friend call him E who hit a man on a highway with his RC 390. The man was put on life support while E ended up in the hospital. Ds friends came to visit him as did I and they were discussing along the lines of Chill nothing will happen itll be peaceful. Well unplug that guys life support he wont testify or do shit. I didnt know what to do or say. Those were people I knew and hung out with now and then. I must say Im very worried about what the state our country is in now and in the direction its heading. Its not that were doing really really badly on a global scale I know every country has their own problems and were better off than many of them. But I feel that I as a citizen of India have the right and the duty to see injustice and hate in my country and do my best to be rid of it. I see the potential the wisdom and the intelligence of every single Indian I know and I realise the amazing heights were capable of reaching together and the incredible contribution that we can make to humanity and the world in general. The stories we read about poor little kids whove studied under street lights in broken households and who have become great powerful and amazing people about young ladies who fight corrupt institutions and evil men for no selfish gain about kind old men whove dedicated their lives to saving little children about brilliant young men who gave up bright futures so that others could learn as well these are more than just stories. They are reminders of what we can achieve if we really put our minds to it. And it pains me greatly to see us squandering this opportunity for greatness. Surely God whichever ones you believe in would never forgive us for what were doing to each other here. I doubt God would really care much about what clothes we wear or the food we eat or the movies we watch or the books we read. God would though care about how good we are to one another. Because it isnt all that hard. Being good comes naturally to us. Its a decision not something uncontrollable whether to do the right thing or not or whether to say the right thing or not. To empathize with a fellow human being is within the grasp of every one of us. We have the ability to understand and feel others pain. Its a decision we make whether to do it or not. Dear reader I implore you with all my heart. You are on a website where your voice counts as much as President Obamas or Elon Musks were they to not openly state their identities. You have immense power to influence other peoples minds and ideas and incredible power to do good. Dont compete with each other to shout out the smartest insult but try to put forth the most meaningful useful ideas. I believe that we as part of an amazing freethinking community have the power to bring amazing change in our country. This is a medium that cant be touched by the taint of biased media or dirty politics. This is democracy at its best my friends. We can do amazing things starting here through our words and ideas. Please make the best of this amazing opportunity. Insults and namecalling doesnt get us anywhere. I imagine none of us would like it or see things from the others point of view were they to merely cuss us get angry and tell us were wrong. This is not Randia. This is r/India a group of amazing people from an incredible country whove come together to become more than themselves and to share their knowledge information and wisdom freely. Be like r/Indians. TLdr Be nice.. Love me or hate me but dont ignore me ZenParent. Tamilians Why would you prefer to have English as official language over Hindi [R]: [deleted]. Human Development Index map for Indian states in 2006 as calculated by Government of India and UNDP India. Church starts nationwide survey on porn addiction among youth[NP]. [R]Public Domain What are the articles/novels/books in the public domain every Indian should read: In order to understand socioeconomic political and historical aspects of India and also to avoid the pitfalls the country has fallen into before. . How I made friends with my sisterinlaw. Attending a wedding Struggles to get ready for moms with kids and 7 tips to help you with it. Keeping your husband happy in bed after you put on baby weight is a skill. Learn it. [R] In the light of unfortunate events that occurred on NYE in Bangalore.: How are the men/women in of /r/india dealing with this Have you tried suggesting and adopting methods to thwart such attacks If men did suggest ideas did women adopt it If women did suggest ideas did men adopt it I suggested below mentioned ideas to a woman I care about Using a flashlight while walking. Anyone tries to come close and you flash it in their eyes. They cannot attack what they cannot see. A knife in hand ready to be deployed or deployed. and the woman flat out refused to do these saying she has torch on her mobile phone. . [Serious] What solutions do you propose to stop sexual harassment of women in India: Let us limit ourselves to concrete implementable solutions to get rid of the sexual harassment menace and limit general discussion. What can we actively do to curb this problem Please let us keep gender wars and regional chauvinism out of this. Let us also not resort to pointing fingers and blaming each other but actually suggest some positive solutions.. UA sexual abuse: [deleted]. Indian parents arent raising their sons right and its endangering Indias women. Bangalore NYE CCTV footage Kammanahalli 5th Main Road. r/india mods we need a DISCUSSION flair to discuss issues instead of getting our posts removed for Unsourced Assertions. [NP] Discussion Whats happening with Bangalore these days: The city has been in the news for all the wrong reasons. Why do you think this is happening Or is it just the media focusing on specific issues Are the people responsible or the authorities What can be done to turn this around Locals can you confirm with personal experiences if incidents of molestation and hooliganism etc have actually gone up. 4 tips to deal with vomiting in your newborn post breastfeeding. Why do India and Indian Men make Global News very often for Raping and Molestation: [deleted]. Indian Men are being blamed for Bangalore Molestation lets remember Not All Indian Men are Rapists and Gangrapists: [removed]. [R][NP]Is streamable still blocked by DoT: My ISP Hathway is using Netsweeper and blocking me from accessing it citing DoT rules \. Assume I left the doors open go for vacation and get robbed. Is the citys police and states home minister responsible :  or am i stupid to do that in first place or am i at fault for luring the thief will media run a campaign against thieves for doing that is my culture the reason for the robbery bollywood glorifying thieves with Dhoom etc does robbery not happen in other cities and countries is it because of their superior culture and religion im getting tired of all idealistic SJW Indians online in Quora and reddit. . All is not well in the Army. 6 absolutely essential firstaid tips that every parent should memorise immediately. In the light of recent events in Bangalore Where do you stand in the debate of Dont get groped vs Dont grope: [deleted]. Im looking for the best cultivated collections of old Hindi songs and could appreciate some help [NP] [R]: Im a 20 year old second generation Indian. From the very beginning my mom 49 has listened to old Hindi songs. Or Evergreen as many of them are called. In the car we couldnt listen to the radio at all. And only until a few years ago all the music was quite old. She listens to some newer stuff now. Anyhow this has rubbed off on me. I dont know any new songs and dont care for them. I love Lata Asha RD Burman Kishore Kumar KalyanjiAnandji etc I cant dig through 5 decades of music but Id like the absolute best the popular and so on in a list or torrent link or streamable list etc. Can anyone tell me where to start. Booked an Ola cab driver tried to fraud What can I do: [removed]. Karnataka Home Minister Trivialises Mass Molestation In Bengaluru Streets. Ola driver gone berserk need Urgent help Delhi: [removed]. [R] Ola cab driver gone berserk Delhi Urgent help: [removed]. Hey r/india Im planning on making a sub purely meant for se[r]ious debate and discussion.. Interested: /r/debateindia Had started this sub a while back and even posted about it here. Unfortunately I couldnt get much traction and only a few people ended up joining so I stopped working on it. While /r/india is a decent place for most things its impossible nowadays to have any form of discussion here without having to wade through unfunny jokes troll accounts mass downvoting and all no offense meant to anyone including the mods. Theres no real platform for good Indiacentric discussion. Facebook is... well you know. Quora is an IIT/IIM circlejerk. Reddit can truly be an amazing place to have amazing conversations. Especially if proper reddiquette is followed and maybe enforced. This is why Im considering maybe putting up more effort and maybe resuming /r/debateindia. Ill need your help to get more mods set the rules and start it up. What do you guys think Any interest. I am just not safe 4 years after Nirbhaya and Delhi still feels like Gotham City. [R] Parents of India what you do to ensure to raise a good child: What special things you do or teach to your kid. Fuck Uber Charging extra a day after completion of trip: Took the cab at new year eve paid from paytm Today got a mail from them stating that fair adjusted no reason explained Just deducted the money from paytm fuck them. Its not about the money but why the fuck they are charging now should have told earlier or at the time of payment. I fell cheated.. This New Year lets have an open discussion on bigotry something we should do more often.: Plural of Anecdotes is not data. Meaning just because you saw some examples doesnt mean it applies to all. To be a better person try to use the word some when you want to use the word all For instance Some Muslims are bad. Not all. Just like some Biharis are idiots. And some UP wallahs are rapists. And atleast one Marathi is a fucking dolt looking at you G Most people are peaceful. If they were not you would be dead fighting them outside the doorstep of your house. Think about it. This is kind of the foundation of the modern civil society. If you really dont like this definition then we are in trouble. . Why is /r/india never happy: [removed]. NonIT people of /r/india who managed to move to a developed country how did you do it. Mental Gymnastics: [deleted]. Coders of randia how the hell you dont have your eyes burning/tired by the end of the day: I have to use my laptop all day. On weekdays I have to work full time on my laptop and on weekends I use my laptop sparingly browsing here and there. By the end of the day my eyes are tired and sometimes even watery. I use redshiftopen source flux white on black background already. I try to follow 202020 rule although not as effectively as I want to. My near perfect eyes have started to become myopic. How do I protect my eyes I have heard of the expensive Gunnar Glasses. Do they work I dont want to lose my eyesight.. [Shower Thought] India is staring at Unbelievable Demographic disaster with 25 million babies every year.: 2527 million new babies are born every year in India unbelievable in Human History https//twitter.com/UNICEFIndia/status/584634075673157632 Most of these babies and young people suffer Malnutrition and are not suitable for Modern Economy and workforce they dont have thinking ability. Education for majority is terrible Resources are drying up due to climate change. Already super polluted Its not a dividend when you have half of your population of 1.3 billion people is Very Young and in addition you have so many babies being born every year. In times of automation robotics and very less jobs. staring at a unbelievable demographic disaster of young people Sex ratio is also terrible. cant provide jobs for 300 million people let alone 1 billion people and 27 million babies being born. on top we have Climate Change Droughts and drying up of ground water and sheer scale of effect of billion lives it is having is nothing short of scary. so called Economic growth overwhelmingly helping few million people or 100 million people not 1.3 billion people.. Today my bike showed me my aukad : My bike usually starts with the electric ignition without any qualms but for some reason today it refused to fire up. I switched to get it running by kick starting it but it simply wouldnt start. 2 mins after a few kicks I start feeling tired and weak but I am not quite out of breath yet after a while I give up. I am exhausted within 2 minutes flat . My joints are aching tremors running down my right leg . Ask for help from a passerby and he started the bike with just one kick and I end up looking like a fool. I admit I am weak . I weight 168 lbs with 35 body fat . I have always lacked strength ever since I was a kid and as a guy who will turn 30 in six months I have a big belly now but hardly any muscle around my arms or thighs. so much so I feel I might trip if I am not careful running down the stairs. I tried working out but I always give up after a month. I can hardly do more than 35 push ups in a row primarily due to heavier mid section and weak arms . It takes 35 days for my DOMS to settle . Even then after working out for 3 straight weeks I always end up feeling tired for the rest of the day. I want to make a fresh start this year on wards. Currently on a 2000 calories diet .But I need to know if I suck it up amp work through the exhaustion amp pain for at least 3 months ..Guys who were in the same boat does stamina amp strength increase for folks who have been weak for most part of their lives . TIL India is ranked 35th out of 167 countries on the Democratic Index an index compiled by the UK based Economist Intelligence Unit that measures the state of democracy as Full democracies/Flawed democracies/Hybrid regimes/Authoritarian regimes. Norway tops the list while North Korea is last.. Was going through the all time top posts of this subreddit and just had to make this rant [R]: [deleted]