Website to find out if you are getting paid fairly comparing salaries from India and help to reduce pay inequality.. QUREKA APP EARN THROUGH QUIZ GAMES PREDICATION AND REFER: [removed]. Do you get paid in USD and want to hold USD instead of getting INR: Hi guys Me and a couple of friends usually work on software project for clients outside India and we often quote our clients in USD but when our clients pay us they use services like Transferwise or Paypal and we get INR in our bank account. Looking at the USD/INR inflation I was wondering if I could just hold USD instead of converting all the payments in INR. We started looking at few solutions by asking our clients to pay us in USD stablecoins. Thought Id ask you guys if people in here also face the same problems. I created a brief survey to better understand what things to incorporate while building the platform. Would really appreciate if you guys could answer 4 MCQs to give us some feedback on how to build it to help more developers. [https//halim593473.typeform.com/to/jsqI2r]https//halim593473.typeform.com/to/jsqI2r. Govt Discomfort With Rel Jio Tower Deal Over FDI Being Routed Via Multiple Entities in Tax Havens. Digital Marketing: [removed]. High Quality Accurate amp End To End Transcription Services: [removed]. Dropshipping advice: [removed]. Top 10 Bollywood Movies Every Entreprenuer Should Watch . Ratan Tata net worth. Apply for your first credit card PersonalFinance.in. Lawyers of India what are the responsibilities of a business under the current force majeure conditions: Some questions that come to my mind 1. are the businesses legally required to pay their staff for the lockdown period even if no business has been conducted 2. If a labour intensive business has sub contracted work to labour agencies what are the responsibilities of the business For instance are they required to pay for labours food expenses during this period Can these expenses be claimed from the govt for instance from the Disaster Management act funds. New ecommerce portal to help small retailers fight Amazon Flipkart. Can Indian bonds see 2 to 3 levels from where they are now One report thinks so. Facebook is Evil corp: I know youve heard the latest FBJIO news heres something you probably havent heard about FB is planning to launch its payment system in India via Whatsapp which has approx 400 MILLION INDIAN USERS. Now do you remember the Cambridge Analytics scandal just months after the infamous Congress and DOJ hearing they tried to gain regulatory approval for their payment system in the UNITED STATES what happened well it didnt go well so now theyre trying to get into Indian user base which has the highest potential due out incredible online presence remember pewdipie we are as it is stuck with Whatsapp Instagram being part of FB now we wouldnt want them to have our financial data as well. Please remember that your privacy is important. DONT SUPPORT THE WHATSAPP PAY.. Best leather brands leather productsdiscover the latest fashion trends. Finance topic Zomatos Finanical Statement: Hello everyone I would like to know how to get Zomatos financial statement for last 10 years . I tried to google it but its showing only recent 2019 annual report. Please tell me what to do p.s Its for my project.. Anyone here trading forex on foreign platforms like octafx forex. com .:  I want to trade in foreign currency pairs. If you are doing it how do you add money to your trading platform i posted this in r/ financeindia they said it doesnt belong here. 14 Books Recommended By Sandeep Maheshwari. Companies cut Capex plans to fulfill cash requirements. No Dearness Allowance hike freeze for Central Government Employees necessary. Personal Loan Best online instant amp low interest rate service provider company. Indian smartphone market grew by 4 in Q1 but projected to decline by 10 this year. We America doctor needed urgent kidney donor with nkf registration certificate right now cash delivery just arrived India yesterday waiting for registration certificate only so that details of delivery will be released by buyer immediately message me on Whatsapp 918971635297 serious person is requ. If You Are Buying Gold Online Then Know These 4 Things. Asias richest blockchain fan just won a deal with Facebook. Facebook bets on a different sort of ecommerce in India. Anybody attending this online B2BBinge event. I am getting robbed by magicbricks. What should I do: [removed]. Online money making: Hello So given the pandemic and WFH as a student I was wondering about the ways to make money online trying websites like Swagbucks and all. However while these platforms provide great opportunities for someone in US. These platforms arent very active or cater to Indians trying to navigate them. Does anyone have alternatives. How does that even.... The First step to become a Solopreneur. Indias Top UIUX DesignTech amp Branding AgencyLeo9 Studio. Facebook jio deal.: Any Experts here can explain facebook jio deal What good this brings to our economy What are the pros and cons of this deal. Meaning Of Facebook And Jio Deal. Credit Rating Agencies in India: [removed]. Online retail companies discover new found respect for kirana stores in India: [removed]. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Mfrs. Exporters India Ravi Engg. Works: [removed]. Top 10 Most Valued Startups in India in 2020. With the Facebook investing in Jio platform of RIL the talk of super app like WeChat in China covering everything from payments to groceries is on. And this might succeed given the lot of businesses they have from JIO Movies Music Money and JIOMart with the large user base of JIO and WhatsApp.. Funniest statement in Indian Business: [removed]. Mark Zuckerberg just gave Asias richest man a much needed win. Franklin Templeton India closes 6 funds. 6 questions answered. Digital Marketing Services: [removed]. COVID19 Franklin Templeton Shuts 6 Indian Funds Locks In 4.1 Billion NDTV. Stocks in the news HUL Bharti Infratel SBI Card Britannia and Tata Motors:  Nifty futures on the Singapore Exchange traded 48 points or 0.53 per cent lower at 9182 indicating a negative start for Dalal Street. Here are a few stocks which may buzz the most in todays trade. WhatsApp Pay to comply with all rules in India by May: WhatsApps payment business will comply with all local rules mandated by the banking regulator for payment companies by May the Facebookowned instant messaging platform has told the National Payments Corporation of India NPCI ET has learnt from people familiar with the development..  UPI Pin PhonePe Change/Reset UPI PIN in Phonepe APP. Finance Minister notified changes in FDI Policy under the Foreign Exchange Management Act FEMA Law PersonalFinance.in. MutualFundsNahiHai Over Rs 25000 crore of investors funds locked as Franklin Templeton winds up 6 funds.: Franklin Templeton India has wound up 6 funds with a total of Rs 25000 crores in AUM locked up for the time being in an unprecedented move. The funds are Franklin India Low Duration Fund Dynamic Accrual Fund Credit Risk Fund Short Term Income Plan Ultra Short Term Bond Plan and Income Opportunities Fund. RBI action to infuse liquidity has failed spectacularly as in the second TLTRO operation saw bids for and borrowing by banks of 12850 crore a little more than half of the 25000crore on offer. This shows the banks are not having any confidence in lending and maintaining liquidity. Warning Anyone in debt funds including liquid funds should try to get out before shit hits the fan. The pandemic situation will cause huge stress on most corporates and many of them will go bust. Its wont be unreasonable to expect even untouchable names like Tata Motors etc go bust in the next 12 years as the economy comes to a grinding halt. We have to remember that at the helm we have an utterly clueless and incompetent government which has no clue how to run an economy let alone steer it during a recession caused by global pandemic. Facebook buys nearly 10 percent stakes in Jio.. facebook Jio deal in details. Not received your tax refund yet Follow these steps. Indian Arms and Armour:  Indian Arms and Armour 30000.0 India is a vast subcontinent with a complex history and a great array of languages cultures and religions. This book serves as a short introduction to the exquisite weapons used in the region focusing on the Royal Armouries collections from the sixteenth to the nineteenth centuries. Beautiful photography is interwoven with remarkable historical and cultural detail about archery swords shields daggers firearms artillery and elephant armour.. Not received your tax refund yet Follow these steps: [removed]. Small business credit worth Rs 2.32 lakh crore at highest risk of default Cibil: [removed]. Housing sales falls 26 in JanMarch in 9 top cities new supply plunges 51 Report. Sodiumion battery maker Faradion mulling over manufacturing in India. FacebookReliance Jio deal to go to CCI Trai may also step in. Inside a 5.7 bn deal Coronavirus couldnt logout Facebook amp Reliance from Project Redwood. Dasmesh Water Meters flow water meters water meters oil meters manufacturers india flow indicator manufacturers in india biggest water meters residential water meter manufacturers india amritsar domestic water meters: [removed]. FacebookReliance Jio deal to go to CCI Trai may also step in:  The 5.7 billion FacebookReliance Jio deal needs to be scrutinised by the countrys competition watchdog mainly from the point of view of data that the combined entity will control top government officials and industry experts told ET.. Flood of pink slips coming warn startups:  Technology startups are likely to cut hundreds of jobs over the next 68 months as demand stutters amid tight funding top venture capitalists and founders told ET.. [social]: [removed]. [kutchwork]: [removed]. Why Mukesh Ambani and Mark Zuckerberg wants to enter Indian retail market: [deleted]. Why Facebook Reliance Jio deal is a wakeup call for Amazon Flipkart Business Standard News: [deleted]. Can Facebook and Mukesh Ambani be really happy together. 8 Golden Tips for New Investors in Volatile Markets. Pradhan Mantri Kisan Yojana Check The Money And Balance. What Does CutOff Time Mean In Mutual Funds Schemes.  . Sweeping lockdown wont be long term answer Rahul Bajaj. Crisis started by virus spread by govt Bajaj. International Journal of Managing Value and Supply Chains IJMVSC: [removed]. Channel Partnership Opportunity: [removed]. Global Personal Protective Equipment Market. Reliance Industries shares jump 8 after Facebook buys stake in Jio. Facebook picks up stake in Jio Platforms thereby giving Mark Zuckerberg even more Jiopolitical influence. . Facebook takes 5.7 billion stake in Indian internet giant Jio. Facebook to buy 10 stake in telco unit of Indias Reliance Industries for 5.7 billion. Why do we need Posters: [removed]. By crowdfunding benefits for embattled workers appbased services are evading their own obligations. Reliance Facebook deal: [removed]. Facebook buys 9.99 stake in Reliance Jio for Rs 43574 crore largest FDI in Indias tech sector:  US social media major [Facebook]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/topic/Facebook will invest Rs 43574 crore into [Jio]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/reliancejio Platforms a unit of [Reliance Industries]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/relianceindustriesltd/stocks/companyid13215.cms[NSE 5.51 ]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/relianceindustriesltd/stocks/companyid13215.cms for a 9.99 stake a development which on Wednesday boosted the shares of Indias oiltoretail conglomerate over 8 in early trade.. Facebook buys 9.99 stake in Reliance Jio for Rs 43574 cr largest FDI in Indias tech sector. Facebook to invest 5.7 billion in Indian telecom company. Facebook Invests 5.7 billion in Indias Jio Platforms. Facebook Invests 5.7 Billion In Indias Reliance Unit Jio Platforms. Facebook picks up 9.99 stake in Jio Platform for 43574 crore. Facebook to invest 43574 crore in Jio platforms. Facebook buys 9.99 stake in Reliance Jio for Rs 43574 cr largest FDI in Indias tech sector. Facebook Buys 9.99 Per Cent Stake In Reliance Jio For 5.7 Billion. Want To Earn Bitcoins In India . Facebook Buys 9.99 Per Cent Stake In Reliance Jio For 5.7 Billion. Breaking Facebook buys 9.9 stake in Reliance Jio for Rs 43574 crore. Facebook invests 5.7B in Indias Reliance Jio. Facebook Invests 5.7 billion in Indias Jio Platforms: [deleted]. Facebook to invest Rs 43574 crores in Jio platforms for a 9.99 equity stake JioReliance Industries Limited statement. 1 46 Year Old Mom Loses 62lbs With 5Second Water Hack See Before Afters Pics: [removed]. [PSA] Time to Invest in Cryptocurrency.: [removed]. Pi Network Cryptocurrency: [removed]. I use an app called MAKE MONEY which gives cash for completing offers. Try it Enter the code JLRB38 to get Free Credit. Get it here. How Britain stole 45 trillion from India. Rs 70000 cr Covid19 package for power firms cabinet approval expected soon. Staff donate for PMNRF DU redirects money to PMCARES. Amazon Cuts the commission rates. Latest 2GW solar auction in India shows prices still falling 2.55/2.56 R./kWh. WTI crude oil prices sink MCXs clearing corporation blocks pay out to brokers. Lost opportunity. Explained Why are oil prices in negative terrain. Home Appliances Repair Service. Top 10 Investment Options In India 2020 PersonalFinance.in. Some companies move jobs away from India as coronavirus disrupts outsourcing. Australia makes Google FB share profits with media cos will India follow. Mukesh Ambanis RIL loses 30000 crore in the first few minutes of trading. WTI May crude futures crashes over 300 to 36.90 a barrel on scant storage weak demand. Corrugation Plant Machinery Die Punchingcutting Machine Paper Corrugation Machine Golden Mechanical Corporation Automatic Plants Vertical Type Paper Corrugation Machine Corrugated Board Making Plants. U.S. oil plunges below 0 a barrel What does a negative futures price mean. Corona Economy Read this about the economic impact and opportunities now: [removed]. Personal Loan Best online instant amp low interest rate service provider company. Which tax regime to choose for TDS from salary: [removed]. Which tax regime to choose for TDS from salary: [removed].  . 1.7 million dollar cost project in Pakistan.. Refer and Earn Rs. 5 per refer No minimum withdrawal: [removed]. 4 money mistakes to avoid during the Coronavirus pandemic. Zoom Video conference app: [removed]. Paytm Zomato BigBasket others could run into Indias great FDI wall: Paytm Zomato BigBasket others could run into Indias great FDI wall https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/smallbiz/startups/newsbuzz/paytmzomatobigbaskeotherscouldrunintoindiasgreatfdiwall/articleshow/75241730.cms. Some nutritional tips while youre working from home. AirAsia cuts staff salaries by up to 20 pc for April. 1000 foreign firms mull production in India 300 actively pursue plan as Exit China mantra grows. India Ramayan and Mahabharat have changed Doordarshans viewer profile as 22 of kids are also watching with the epics with a senior person at home.. Coronavirus Indias steel demand likely to contract 7.7 in 2020 amid slowdown. HDFC Banks Margins to Lure Investors as Indian Rivals Struggle. coronavirusinsurance: Here are all the details related to insurance on coronavirus in India. Healthwise the world is now in a big crisis. All the countries are suffering from this coronavirus. The stats are very frightening. The insurance field also in a dilemma on how to handle coronavirus insurance in India. I am sure everyone has been following what is going on around the world. All nations around the world is worried about the same thing How ready is their health system how can they handle this situation in their respective countries. Our focus will be only on Is coronavirus infection covered as part of health insurance. [https//ainsuranceplace.com/coronavirusinsurance/]https//ainsuranceplace.com/coronavirusinsurance/. Entry for Chinese Companies into the Indian Market: [removed]. Goair not offering free rescheduling for bookings made before 11 March: I know this is not the place to discuss this but I am helpless . I tried to contact them on phone twitter and email. Still cannot find the reason for this condition on booking date . Even if your flight is cancelled due to lockdown they will charge as per normal cancellation and rescheduling charges for bookings made before 11 March . I mean it does not make sense unless their only motive is make money.. COVID19 effect Premium for health insurance set to rise by up to 25. How to Earn Money from YouTube in Hindi/ Urdu Complete Course . Pi Network Cryptocurrency:  Pi Network is a new cryptocurrency that you can easy mine with your Phone without using battery.We still very early so dont waste time and start mine now.Remember btc was worth 0 in the early days.Developed by a team of Stanford PhDs and graduates.Download the Pi Network app from Play Store or APP Store and add my Invite code lebougas to join Pi Network.Start mining before the next halving.. I need some guidance.....: Ill be graduating soon and I wanted to start something of my own now that getting a job after this pandemic will be a humongous task. I was thinking about exporting goods to African countries where they lack baisc necessities my idea is to arrange goods from across different countries where I can get them for cheap and export it to those countries in need. Example Clothesfootweargrainssugaretc. The part I need guidance with is how do I select a country and commodity How do I get started And is this idea even worth it Please suggest something. Thank you.. Unique experiment Yogi Adityanath govt offers sugar in lieu of cash to sugarcane farmers. Govt make a Uturn stops sale of nonessential items through ecommerce platforms. Amazon Flipkart cant deliver nonessentials during lockdown. 10 BEST BLUE CHIP COMPANIES IN INDIA. Looking For Work That Impacts Millions Of Lives:  Alternative credit score amp Automating the Entire process to reduce the Turn around time of loans into seconds I want to solve this problems In India Just 35 millions pay Income tax out of 130 millions. Here credit underwriting model uses credit bureau data Bank statements Income tax returns. So 97 people are not accessed to formal credit. Still they borrow from the loan mafia amp they charge exorbitant interest rates. There is need for alternative credit assessment by using smartphone data amp using social security numbers. The Turn around time for the loans is 7 days to 3 Months. While the world battles issues centering around data privacy and consent the Account Aggregator amp Indian stack will allow both individuals and businesses to share their financial data in digital form with third parties in a safe manner. Credit Risk Risky Business Predicting the risk of customer credit default. How to Improve credit risk models by predicting the probability of default on a consumer credit product in the next 18 months. More accurate credit risk evaluations allow issuers of credit to be able to responsibly extend and manage credit lines. Unlike traditional models of underwriting which focus on only a handful of credit attributes we can analyze thousands of data points from financial amp non financial data sources we can accurately model credit risk for any consumer. By applying advances in machine learning we can able to radically outperform traditional scorecards in both consumer and small business lending. By building models on more than simple default and focusing on such outcomes as profitability and customer lifetime value we allow you to fully leverage artificial intelligence to increase your lending performance. Ample computing power and digital data are the fuel for machine learning of course. The more data and the more iterations the algorithmic engine goes through the better its output gets. Data scientists come up with probabilistic prediction models for specific actions and then the algorithm churns through loads of data to produce better decisions in real time with every iteration. These prediction models become the basis for most business decisions. we applied for Account aggregator license from Reserve bank of India we get all public data like Banking Mutual funds insurance etc. we are in the process building the consortium to share non financial data. By Automating the entire process amp building the algorithms using supervised learning unsupervised amp reinforcement learning Experimenting amp building software stack. I hope we can solve this problem. current credit bureau has many flaws like their algorithm is blatantly opaque they dont use real time data their business model itself skeptical. So we want to start a platform which can adds value to the both lenders amp borrowers. We are looking for AI ML engineers data scientists who can build probabilistic models blockchain enthusiastsFront end designers for building the application amp app. Our doors are always open for founders who have moved on We understand that most of the founders are generalists and we wont evaluate you for a specialist position. We love who keep pushing against the slope so lets talk if we can build Inkredo together. Culture Remote Work We have a remote working culture meaning our employees can work wherever they want around the world as long as the job gets done. Flexible working hours We empower our team with personal autonomy on team projects. We have an unlimited vacation policy and flexible working hours. That means you have to be selfdirected and selfmotivated to succeed. Stock Options Were all working towards the same goal so its only fair that everyone is invested in the success of their work If that seems awesome and if you like the idea of building values with us Build trust Question assumptions and Validate direction youll fit right in.. India coronavirus dispatch A big blow to fuel consumption in the country. LegalFidelity Company Registration LLP Trademark GST. Hyundai Steel and several other South Korean majors are all set to shut China factories and move to India Crosspost from world news.. Global Virus Deaths Pass 150000 As Trump Endorses Lockdown Protests Inventiva. Getting a job would be difficult after this pandemic gets over but every situation creates opportunities can you think of some opportunities which can be explored after this pandemic : I wanted to start some trading with African countries but the conditions are not good right now so wanted to explore a bit more before going ahead with one option.. Paytm placed restrictions on my bank account.: I regularly do crypto trading on exchanges and regularly withdraw and deposit money to my Paytm Payments Bank Account. Paytm placed restriction on my bank account probably due to high number of deposits and Withdrawals on my bank account due to which I am not able to withdraw funds from my account. I have filed a complaint on Paytm app Customer care number And Official Twitter channels Can someone advice me how should I proceed further. Thanks. In a postcovid world Oyo runs out of room. Refer and Earn Rs. 5 per refer and Rs. 2.5 per their referrals. Government nod must for investment from China and its neighbours. Income Tax Slabs 202021 Income Tax Slabs amp Tax Rate in India. Top 10 Best Investment Plans In India 2020 That Give You High Returns.. Apple launches iPhone SE amid global Covid19 lockdown no India launch date yet. On Indian Economy India Can Take Over China as COVID19 Leaves Gaps in Manufacturing The Positive Indian. Investment Banking in India: This might be the wrong sub but Im curious about Investment Banking in India. I heard they only recruit from top MBA programs. Im an undergrad studying Finance at the University of Washington. Ive been applying to roles in the US Europe and some other APAC locations. I havent seen a lot of online job postings for India. Is it because they only recruit oncampus How would one break into IB in India. Indian Talent. Expanding online Business In India: Hi we are from the UK. We want to sell our products in India so we want to know what will be the situation of India in coming months. We also want people to help manage our twitter accounts so if you have some experience please message us.. Joining Choices: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g3j2q4. Custom software development services India: [removed]. TVS Motor acquires iconic British bike company Norton. Will Yes bank survive : [removed]. [join free social media]. Lockdown will test the resilience of even HDFC Bank Kotak Mahindra and ICICI Bank. Amazon Fun Facts in Hindi Amazon Company Facts. Why You Must Choose Sikkim For Your Next Travel Destination: [removed]. Beautiful lady Makes a Mushroom factory at home. e commerce business. TCS not to lay off employees freezes salary hikes. Ps4 giveaway. About 200 US companies seeking to move manufacturing base from China to India USISPF: [deleted]. Has anyone applied for a loan through WeMakeScholars: Just wondering if any of you have experience with them. Quora answers seem totally fake tbh so I am worried. Are they legit. TCS not to layoff any employees but no salary increments either. Closing Bell Nifty ends near 9K Sensex gains 222 pts Nifty Bank up nearly 2. http//propertyinvestmentgurgaon.com/ready2movehighstreetretailshopsemaarpalmsquaresec66emaarpalmplazasec65gurgaon/: [removed]. YouTube Channel for Indian Traders looking for real insights on trading: [removed]. Why is choosing the Right Duration for a Term Insurance Plan important: [removed]. Exhibition stands contractor: [removed]. Ecommerce companies allowed to deliver essential and nonessential items from April 20. Business Loan Apply online best easy amp low interest rate service provider company. Procedure for Obtaining a Patent: [removed]. Reliance Industries Facebook weigh creating a superapp. Online Summer Camp: [removed]. Planning to buy US futures amp options from India...:  I signed up for an account with Webull. Put in an options trading application and it got accepted. I know that it is legal to invest in regular stocks in the US market but investing in options is illegal. But how the hell will anyone know if Im buying regular stocks or options with the money I wired to my Webull account Is there anything that Im missing here. IMF has the maximum confidence in India regarding Corona crisis. Source https//edition.cnn.com/2020/04/14/business/imfworldeconomicoutlook/index.html. hi question regarding union bank of india and paypal: i just found this subreddit and thought this would a good place to ask this question but i really wanted to know that if one could use paypal services of receiving funds in dollars and pounds by linking union bank of india with a international mastercard if no whats other payment applications that one can use with union bank for the same purpose some answers would really be appreciated thank you xxx. Coronavirus pandemic Wipro to go slow on hiring defer hikes promotions.. Website to find out if you are getting paid fairly comparing salaries from India and help to reduce pay inequality.. JOIN SOON: [removed]. JOIN SOON: [removed]. JOIN SOON: [removed]. New Podcast based on Indian Entrepreneurs amp CXOs: [removed]. The Paytm Scam you must know.. Airlines decline refund to customers for cancelled tickets offer rescheduling. VidInc Review Automated Video Creation Software. Direct link between vegetable growers and consumers. [HELP] HDFC Unable to pay Credit Card: Edit Solved Thanks for the help. I have around 10K to pay and I dont want to be charged interest for not paying it. But when I try to pay for my HDFC credit card the minimum amount due is shown as 0. I tried to pay by selecting Other Amount and entered my due amount and paid successfully. Now when I check whether due amount is gone its still there but now the amount I paid shows up as debit. There is also an option to convert my due into a loan. I dont get why there is an option to convert it as a loan but not to pay for it as a whole. Tried calling customer care but they are currently handling stolen cards and other such cases. Contacted via twitter no use. Right now Im clueless. Any help would be really appreciated. Edit This is how it shows up [https//imgur.com/a/U8jAQT5]https//imgur.com/a/U8jAQT5. BRICS countries GDP per capita from 1960 to 2018 Brazil Russia India China South Africa. Will something Eventbrite work in India: [removed]. Sale of old gold may surge after the lockdown say jewellers: [removed]. Indian Agent Wanted: [removed]. Oyo executives accused of faking NOCs from Treebolisted hotels. Is India Post delivering to overseas countries during Covid19: Tried to order something but I have been told India is i full lockdown and no EMS parcels are being sent out of India Can this be confirmed if its the case ampx200B Thanks. Business Loan Apply online best easy amp low interest rate service provider company. Chinas loss in manufacturing could be Indias gain: [deleted]. Medlife Coupon Code Offers Promo Code Discounts 2020: [deleted]. The Current scenario for IT professionals Covid19: Hey guys i wanted to know whats the scenario as far as employment is concerned. Ive heard a lot of downsizing has been going around lately and I wanted to know how badly will the IT sector be affected. And also Id like an idea of the extent of the damage this may cause toward future placements.. Own an Residential Plot in Haryana Government Deen Dayal Scheme at Affordable Prices EKAM Rose View Sector 5 Sohna Gurgaon. Call 9873713058 http//propertyinvestmentgurgaon.com/parasgroupekamhomesdeendayalplotssector5sohna/. PropertyInvestmentGurgaon.com Exclusive Deals. Bloodbath amid lockdown TOIs Sunday Magazine News Nation Quint lay off employees amid coronavirus crisis. AC Buying Guide 2020 Types of AC Technology of AC Capacity of AC and features of AC. Popular apps download and revenue take a hit in India as people stay home. join and earn. Cash over 5lakhs in the banks pose any upcoming challenges: [removed]. Thank you Swiggy for feeding me the wrong item and then charging me for the mess up. Thanks to services like yours Ill sleep with a full stomach tonight : [deleted]. Is Paypal accepting Rupay: I know that they werent accepting rupay cards in the past but saw a few posts stating that pp was accepting rupay again. Also even if they did.. will I be able to transact internationally Thanks.. Linc Ocean Gel Pen The Best Gel Pen in the World. Sharing the notes from HDFC chairman Deepak Parekhs recent address on the Indian economy WRT covid19. Recommended read for all professionals amp businesses.. Know all about Advantage and Disadvantage of ECommerce: [removed]. Advantage and Disadvantage of E Commerce. Jobopening. HDFC rises 3 after Chinas central bank buys stake. How to use Bitcoin to receive payments from abroad: So theres a guy who has to pay me a small dollar amount and hes insisting on using BTC. How can I receive that BTC and withdraw it to my bank account. Hindi Words Padh Kar Paytm Cash Kaise Kamaye. Know how to download E Pan Card Online Via NSDL / UTI By Pan Number Name And Date Of Birth.  FASTAGGet Fastag and Save Money amp Time. Doubts: [removed]. Chinas central bank just bought 1.75 crore worth of HDFC shares.: [removed]. Amazon Prime Now delivery app to shut down in India. Thoughts on social crowdfunding platforms: Hi guys Im a sociology student who has chosen to do a term paper on crowdfunding I would love it if I could have some questions answered about crowdfunding platforms like ketto milaap etc as my paper is in the Indian context 1 what are you general thoughts about these platforms 2 how much are they contributing to society Do you view it as a good noble initiative or people behind these are putting up a philanthropic front to make money 3 where are they lacking What could they do better as they are far behind international players like Kickstarter etc 4 what changes would you make to these platforms 5 what makes you trust/not trust these platforms 6 have you had a personal experience with them as a donor or as someone raising funds How was the experience Thanks a ton if you take out the time to answer these questions . Fat cat VCs and startups raising thousands of crores beg for relief package from government to survive COVID19. Buying substance from India: [removed]. How to know which type of marketing suits your business: [removed]. Check out my blog on Digital Marketing on Xpert.. How Airtel Allows You To Make Money From Home Mobile Recharge Profit .... 19 . Peoples Bank of China picks up 1.75 crore shares in HDFC Ltd. 1.01 of total shareholding. Deen Dayal Affordable Plots Gurgaon Call9873713058. How to make logo and product packaging for your online brand Here is my brand new video from my eCommerce series.. These so called grocery apps.: Purchasing grocery online using apps like grofers big basket etc has became more daunting task than booking tatkal on irctc app. fact On other hand ur local kirana shop is really helping.. People are just opening share market account. My all friends have opened. I want to use this opportunity.: After this market crash . I see everyone around just not knowing a b c d of share market are opening share market account. I am thinking of becoming a broker and earn in this scenario. What do you think i should do . Or i am going to be in great danger. And i am also thinking to teach share market online if people open account with me. How great can i become and what steps should i take to utilize the full opportunity.. How facebook helps you to boost your business online and how to increase sales. Indexia Finance The Best Loan Provider Company. I Would Expect From RBI Is To Issue A Clarification To Set Rest All The Speculation Sanjay Chameria VC amp MD Magma Fincorp: BW Businessworlds Manish Kumar Jha in conversation with Sanjay Chamria VC amp MD Magma Fincorp on the status of NBFC and the expectations from the government during the pandemic.. Banning chinese items: People are actually appealing on social media not to buy Chinese items using made in China phone or device. irony has many faces no. Reliance Industries injects INR 500 Cr in edtech startup Embibe. 8 powerful womens law every woman needs to know toady Female lawyer in Kolkata. A perspective about business that will help you in investment: Let me give you some perspective of business that will help you identify shares. When i started a company it was hard for me to figure out i used to campaign on my own later i learnt i just have to get more people to work and keep getting more campaigns at higher prices. Nowi just have to focus on two things people and campaigns. If i have to expand my business i have to just increase both . There is no such innovation needed innovation just comes on the way. So the formula is so simpleyou just have to focus on sales and your products. Just try to increase it . And there is no such innovation needed to expand. You have just do more work if you are making sales do more salesmaking something keeping making more. If the share you are purchasing are not expanding that means they are just not doing the same work more and more on which their business is based on. It means they are not focused. Take a 5 year horizon so if they are focused a year is a long time they should increase year on year. They have to just do the same thing more and more. Its so simple. So if a business is not expanding and cannot do that simple thing why will you ever invest in it.. SBI State Bank Of India Balance Check Number PersonalFinance.in. ADB Assures 2.2 Billion Support To India During Coronavirus Pandemic. Startups VCs in India request relief package from the government to fight coronavirus disruption. Visa Immigration Consultants in Karnal. Check out the top billionaires from India who lost almost 30 on the global pandemic. Tata companies told to conserve cash go slow on capex:  Tata Sons has undertaken a swift review of all group companies amid the ongoing Covid19 crisis to ensure sufficient liquidity. The holding company of the 113 billion Tata Group has also directed the CEOs of all operating companies to go slow on capex plans and build scenarios for three to six months keeping in mind the impact of the pandemic on businesses.. ICAI announcements. Largest Cryptocurrency exchange in India has a daily volume increase of more than 470. Finance Ministry Allowed States To Borrow Rs 3.2 Lakh Crore in AprilDecember. Our Gallery Jay Ambe Industries. Earn money during lockdown: We are going through a tough phase. Many people are loosing their jobs. So here is an idea. Its called one100.biz its a crowd funding plan. All you have to do is spend 100. You have to pay 100 to the person who referred you. Then you have to reffer 3 people. So you will get 300. The 100 you spent is returned. Then those 3 people will add more members and it goes on. Then its passive income. Money will start coming. You can earn from 1000 to 800000. . Its a legit website. Easy way to earn some extra cash. Contact me and i can explain it to you. Whatsapp 918921479214. riverside camp in rishikesh: [removed]. Government eMarketplace to work with State Governments to fight COVID19. Inverse ETF Is Purchased at a Record Level: [removed]. Forex inside story illegal broker exposure global insightAll in WikiFX. Enjoy it NOW. 5 Strategies That Indian Local Business Can Use To Promote Their Instagram or Any Other Social media Page For Free I myself got 4598 Followers Within A Week. Is this a good deal: Hey guys. Hope youre staying safe in these troubled times. Its probably not the right time to ask questions like the one Im going to ask now but I really need your help. So heres the scene. Ive just finished my undergrad degree and have been approached by a startup to be a cofounder. Basically its a startup in the legaltech industry and they want someone with both legal and tech experience to take the company forward. Its two years old and is incubated by one of the leading law firms in the country. This firm is mentoring and guiding the team and the team is looking to raise its first funding round come September. Upon speaking to the founder I found him to be quite passionate and hardworking. We have been on call a few times since then and we have exchanged business ideas and strategies about the marketplace and the future of the startup. Heres a rough idea of the deal Im getting offered. Hes offering me an equity stake in the company. The valuation or the percent stake is not crystallized yet but is negotiable. My rent and meals will also be taken care of. Transport cost is negligible as the place is situated close to the incubator. In addition Ive asked him that I would like to draw a salary as well for my miscellaneous personal expenditure Sutta daaru etc This startup is based out of Delhi. What I want to know is this a good deal Ive spoken to a few people in the startup scene and have gotten mixed reviews although the majority want me to go ahead and take this gig. I do want to join this startup. It offers me responsibility and Im reading and learning about my job everyday and its super fun. What Im confused about is the deal that Ill strike with them. How much equity stake should I ask for How much salary should I ask Theyre bootstrapped and living off of cash prizes won off several hackathons. Any other questions which might be pertinent to ask so that all formalities are taken care off and I can start work at the earliest. Please help out a brother in need Cheers and stay safe. ITS LOCK ON for Indian Real Estate:  LOCK ON means Disambiguation which refers to the removal of ambiguity by making something clear. We never wouldve imagined a day when 1/3rd of worlds population would be in a lockdown. While the wrath of the lockdown has totally changed our lives putting our work and finances in a jeopardy our future will depend largely on how we utilize the time available today. The lockdown gives us ample of time to ponder upon key decisions taken and to be taken explore avenues for reviving the finances make mindful investments and rectify the unpreparedness with which we are facing todays situation. Make a choice now whether you want to repent over what went wrong or make lemonade out of the lemons life or the virus has thrown upon us. If you choose the latter then this article is for you to read ahead. This pandemic has rightly taught us that uncertainties come unexpectedly. How prepared are we to face an adverse situation again Businesses are adversely hit and job security has gone for a toss leaving us in a catch 20 situation. Talking about investments the FDs Stocks shares that we invested in are witnessing negative returns. Our priced possessions like jewelry and gold are locked up in banks and not helping us get through the situation. Fancy cars are stationed in parking lots unused. The alternate investment options like SIPs Mutual Funds too arent performing. Remarkably one thing that has stood between us and the disaster is HOME. A sense of safety and security that a home brings for a family is irreplaceable. It is a physical as well as an emotional comfort zone where one heals and recuperates through tough times. Man right from the stone age has been wandering in search of a home caves to protect himself establish a family dwell in and flourish. A critical question arising out of the Covid19 scenario is what will be the fate of home buying and Real Estate post the lockdown Studies and reports suggest that the real estate sector will decline witnessing the worst hit till date and survival will be a challenge. However as said by Benjamin Franklin Out of Adversity comes Opportunity. The sector also flashes rays of positivity and you would be intrigued to know about the potential to INVEST in Real Estate against all the current odds. Real Estate will be the most reliable investment option considering the conditions of banks share market crash and capital depreciation or any other option that may appear to be safe initially. Why will the Indian Real Estate sector grow faster than that of the world 1. The world economy will go into recession this year with a predicted loss of trillions of dollars of global income due to the coronavirus pandemic spelling serious trouble for developing countries with the likely exception of India and China according to a latest UN trade report. 2. The virus pushes U.S.Chinese relationship towards fracture the fallout from the global pandemic threatens the recent U.S.Chinese trade deal and could undermine future global stability. This rift will lead India to gain interests of global investors and companies. These investments open doors for better infrastructure leading to the opening of multiple employment opportunities. These factors directly balm the upward movement of real estate in India. 3. China lost its goodwill and trust from investors and the corporate world owing to the rumored conspiracies in the way the country handled the spread of COVID 19 to the world. After China India is the only country with the capacity to handle the magnitude of the Global scale in terms of manpower resources transport systems etc. 4. India so far has augmented trust in handling corona and has bravely fought pandemics in the past too. Indian Real Estate gains appreciation form world economists for its perception as a Nation full of values and ethics leading India with great avenues to become a Global Superpower. 5. NRI investment in real estate is bound to improve amidst Rupee fall. While the above conditions make India a lucrative hotspot of real estate investments below are few points to consider towards real estate buying Emotional Investment In India owning a home is a matter of pride and esteem. The sentiment runs around passing the home possession as a heritage from parents to the future generations. Interestingly after our first name Home is second most used Word in the world every day. Ultimately whatever be the circumstances people across the World will not stop investing in a home or buying real estate. Statistics The Indian Real estate growth trajectory since the past few years was likely to emerge stronger and is projected to be USD 650 Bn by 2025 and USD 1000 Bn by 2030. Residential commercial and Retail are the three key asset classes which have primarily been contributing to the sectors growth. Real estate contributed nearly 6 to Indias GDP in 2017. As per the projected growth trends the sectors contribution is likely to rise to 13 of Indias GDP by 2025. Real Estate Largest Employment Generator After agriculture Real estate is the largest employment generator in the country creating tremendous opportunities for the skilled and unskilled workforce. Indias Real Estate employee base is estimated to be 67 Mn by 2022. High Tangible Asset Value Real estate is not paper money this is the asset you can hold tangibly which again increases its reliability and return on investment. Competitive Risk Adjustment Returns Based on July 2018 data from National Council of Real Estate Investment Fiduciaries NCREIF private market Commercial Real Estate returned an average of 9.85 over the past five years. This credible performance was achieved together with low volatility relative to equities and bonds for highly competitive riskadjustment returns. Attractive and Stable Income Return Specially in Commercial space The rental yield from real estate is much higher than returns on any traditional sources of investment. Commercial investment can yield upto 12 ROI and lowest to 5 ROI with capital appreciation depending upon the construction stage and lease terms of the property. Inflation Hedging The inflation hedging capability of real estate stems from the positive relationship between GDP growth and demand for real estate. As economies expand the demand for real estate derives rents higher and this in turn translates into higher capital values. Long Term Assured Wealth Building Asset with Predictable Returns and least Risk Real Estate helps you build wealth in long term due to dual advantage of Regular Predictable Returns yield is higher than Dividend Returns and an Assured Capital Appreciation in long term dont be scared of Corporate Scams while they can affect the companys stock price or your banks health but it cannot junk out the value of real estate you own Helps you Raise Money Quickly \ Hard Asset is the most preferred collateral for a Bank to raise capital through a loan LAP/LRD your property is the best asset you could own The Ever Rising FSI Benefit \ Wine and Real Estate improve with Age \ While as per accounting standards real estate is not a depreciating asset in practical life too an older development can reap benefits of redevelopment wherein due to ever increasing FSI norms of MMR the incoming developer would not only offer rent for transit accommodation and corpus as hardship allowance but also offer at least 25 to 30 enhanced Area which is of great value as remember 1 sq.ft of Real Estate in Central Mumbai is valued more than 10 gram of gold Work from Home Culture We are in the middle of the largest test of homeworking in history and corporates are adopting refining and testing policies processes and infrastructure to make it work. We expect quarantine protocols to encourage workfromhome initiatives and for these practices to be adopted in new geographies as the contagion spreads. Large multinationals who recently and publicly announced the scaling back of homeworking practices now indicate a desire to embrace widespread use of this practice until the outbreak passes. So commercial demands and coworking space or bigger house may increase. Student Housing An unusual market development that is gradually emerging is student housing in India. Real estate consultancy firm Anarock Property Consultants says that of the 37 million students pursuing higher education in India more than 75 live away from home. Existing hostel facilities can accommodate only 1820 of this migrant student population. Developers in Mumbai amp Pune have already ventured into this space that offers 7 returns. Coliving market size across Indias top 30 cities is expected to grow more than double by 2025 to 13.92 billion from current 6.67 billion. The demand for coliving in terms of beds is slated to grow to 5.7 million from 4.19 million while the share of private beds is likely to rise from 15 to 30 of total demand in the coliving segment showed a Cushman amp Wakefield India report. REITs are a great investment avenue not only for institutional investors but also for retail investors who find it difficult to invest in the commercial real estate which has a better rent yielding than residential properties. Unlike other equity investments REITs provide assured returns to the investors through a compulsory dividend distribution policy. REITs are mandated to distribute 90 of their net distributable income as dividend. There is also a further upside potential for the investors from periodic property valuations. Indias first listed REIT has gained 50 since listing in March 2019 as against a 10 gain in the Nifty Realty Index and 5 return of the benchmark Nifty 50. Indias improved rank on Ease of Doing Business and the courage to implement reforms such as DeMo RERA and IBC are indeed creditworthy. These are expected to yield fruitful results in the future and help establish Indian real estate as a preferred destination for global investors occupiers and homebuyers. WHY REAL ESTATE DURING LOCKDOWN Probably most of the people interested in buying real estate would be holding their decision till the lock down opens due to speculations in the market or risk pertaining to economic conditions. Yet for any clever investor who is observing the current market will testify buying of real estate during lock down to be the smartest move. Here is why 1. Reduction in Home loan rates On 27 March 2020 the Reserve Bank of India RBI reduced the repo rate by 75 basis points bps. The reduction saw the repo rate reduce from 5.15 to 4.40. New home loan rates start at 8 from 1 March 2020. So indeed this is good time to buy your home if the decision was just hiding behind the corner for some better rates or good units. 2. Low Demand Value for Money Real estate is facing deficit demand in the market which leads to generation of various attractive offers by Developers. To maintain the good books builders are currently offering very low rates lucrative payment plans and additional offers resulting in lowering the cost of property. Enduser can expect to buy a property as low as the launch price during this lock down. 3. Reduction in Stamp Duty The Maharashtra government on March 6 announced that it is reducing stamp duty on properties by 1 for Mumbai MMRDA Region and Pune for a period of two years. 4. Passive Income Various small investment options are being introduced in the market starting as low as 5 lacs in real estate that too with a rental income. This is again an opportunity to create a separate asset class in your portfolio and start a source of passive income. 5. Demand Supply breakthrough Due to low demand discounted rates on good inventories are available. But once the economic condition will start settling the bargain will reduce and demand will also start floating upwards. The rates will not be as low as they are now during lock down. 6. Segment Shift Earlier Lower middle class people used to buy 10 to 12 Lakh property. Now middle class will buy those as an investor and rent it out to lower middle income group. Similarly shift will take place on affordable segment likewise. Middle income group will emerge as new investor community. 7. Strike the Iron when it is Hot We all must have heard this at least once. But its time to implement the strategy to gain extensive returns on the investment. Not only the rates are strikingly low the return on investment that are being offered by some Developers is as high as 1518. Final Thoughts Your Money is SAFE IN Indian Real Estate \ Regulator like MahaRERA leading the cause of timely justice \ High Court Judiciary being extremely proactive and proconsumer / investor \ NCLT giving prompt hearings and orders favoring customer and financial institution and lastly \ The Supreme Court judgment reaffirms the rights of the homebuyers as financial creditors under the bankruptcy code.... Simply put it means that homebuyers share equal rights of recovery in the developers assets which are liquidated as part of the bankruptcy process The Bottom Line Real Estate cannot be lost or stolen nor can it be carried away purchased with common sense paid in full and managed with reasonable care IT IS ABOUT THE SAFEST INVESTMENT IN THE WORLD. Real estate is a distinct asset class that is simple to understand and can enhance the risk and return profile of an investors portfolio. On its own real estate offers competitive riskadjusted returns with less principalagent conflict and attractive income streams. Though illliquidity can be a concern for some investors there are ways to gain exposure to real estate yet reduce illliquidity and even bring it onpar with that of traditional asset classes. Real Estate investing even on a small scale remains a tried and true means of building an individuals cash flow and wealth. BUY Real Estate in areas where the Path EXISTS AND Buy MORE Real Estate where there is no PATH but YOU can Create Your OWN. Dont WAIT to BUY Real Estate BUY Real Estate and WAIT. Thoughts Compiled By Dheeraj Kochhar Capitor Ventures Pvt Ltd Navi Mumbai References Anarock Report March 2020 Varsha Rathore Zricks.com Pic Credits Google stories and newspapers. What is Lollapalooza Effect in Investing. Business Loan Apply online best easy amp low interest rate service provider company. Disney Hotstar has about 8 million subscribers. Join the Community to Find out the Latest Tenders/ Projects/ Govt. RFQ RFP 1stop shop. Finance Basics Share MarketMutual fund Insurance: Lets learn something being at home. Any doubts you can message me. If you are earning you should know where to put your money where people put money . The real thing now is why we need to invest. Its because the value of everything we buy like foodclothes and land. Everything is rising and the one thing that is falling is the value of money . It always fall and it will be same. Thats called inflation. So if you are just keeping money with you it should be declining around 6 percent every year. So people invest because all investment products if you see from past years are rising anything like fixed deposit gold mutual fund and share market. We will discuss about share market mutual fund and insurance below 1. Share Market I just did a google search of a company called reliance so it showed me the share price of it . Just search in google reliance share price At that time of my search it showed 1353 is per share value. Market cap as you see in is 8.58Trillion . So if you divide mkt cap/value per share .You will know total how many shares are there. Share means a part of company. So a company might be keep 51 share and giving the rest to public to buy means they are selling ownership of company part to get money. So that they can use that money may be to clear debt or to expand. Company list these share in NSE/BSE National Stock Exchange/Bombay Stock Exchange .They offer it to people at a lesser price first known as IPO Initial public Offering . So that you can subscribe for it through your broker and the allotment is done. The broker is register with NSE/BSE and you have to open a account with broker to buy or sell share. You can buy IPO or buy already listed share so exchange allow to sell and buy share among individual and shares are being hold in demat account. Demat account is basically a deposit account of share like you have bank account for money. You can open demat account with broker. And trading will be simple there will be a buy button to buy and sell button to sell. For example zerodha they are Indias largest share broker [Zerodha]https//zerodha.com/openaccountcZMPWDJ These above are discount brokers that means they charge very less on trading like least in india. Plus zerodha may charge 300 rs for account opening but in angel broking its totally free. 2. Mutual Fund Mutual fund is about giving someone money and rights to manage your funds. So they have different varities of funds and you can chose which one and which fund manager you would like to give money to. They are of different types i. Equity Mutual fund Equity mutual fund buy shares and are of different types like one investing in only small cap shares one in large and other in mix of both. There are index funds too index means a instrument that sums up share market growth/decline. For example top 50 shares index is called as Nifty 50. A index fund just track nifty 50 there is no such requirement of fund managers. If someone managing fund with much harder effort they charge more money for that thats called expense ratio. So in nifty fund the expense ratio will be lowest. ii. Debt fund Debt fund doesnot directly invest in shares they invest in Government bonds and company schemes FD. So this can be the safest. iii. There are Hybrid funds. means a mix of both funds. For a suggestion there are rating agency like Morning star you can just invest in 5 star rated funds. There are various direct mutual fund apps now available and they charge less expense ratio. Like the above link i provided for zerodha in share market section. Once you open account there you use their coin.zerodha.com to trade mutual funds. Its free and direct. You can sign up and use the app to buy. Its easy. You may have heard about terms like lumpsum and SIP. Lumpsum is basically investing a amount at once. SIP means investing it on montly basis. So what SIP does is it averages out your investment . It means if on april you bought at high price in may market fell and you still bought it by SIP so now your buy price is the average of both. 3. Insurance Insurance means transfer of risk to other . Sothere are companies that you transfer risk of your vehiclehealth life basically financially.Accordingly it is classified into two types i. General insurance General insurance relates to bike carsetc. It is also of different types like First party first party means where both the insured person and the one with whom you had accident will be paid Third party means only the one whom you had accident will be paid These are compulsory in india. ii. Life insurance Life insurance are health insurance term insurance endowment plans .etc. a. Health Insurance Health insurance means it covers your hospital expenses like you got some disease and the bill amount to lakhs of rupees it could drain out all your investment right. So if you have a health insurancethe company covers your expense b. Term Insurance Term insurance means like you are the only earning member of your family after you die no one is there to support you . So if you are giving a premium of 6000 per year after you die family will get a lumpsum of 60 lakh its like that But only death benefit else you wont get money. c. Endowment Plans If you are giving 50000 premium for 5 years here and getting 5 lakh after some 10 years or depends on market. Or if you die your nominee gets 5 lakh . Endowment for an example is like this. You get maturity benefit and death benefit too but premiums are high. Basically I believe you dont need endowment better invest in mutual fund and take term insurance since endowment have huge charges . Health insurance is a must though.. Finance Basics Share MarketMutual fund Insurance: [removed]. Top 3 reasons to send money to India online. Planning to open a new Gym in Chandigarh. Main concept is of UFC MMA training please fill this form and share this as this will help me out for my business planning. IT department to release all pending income tax refunds upto 5 lakhs immediately. Mukesh Ambani loses 48 billion just a month. Subreddit for the architects and interior designers of India.:  Hello there. Few of my friends suggested creating this. If youre an architect interior designer or just someone interested in the field. Here you do r/architectsofindia. Welcome to all Business Enterprenuers: Welcome to all business enterprenuers share your success stories and experiences with us and others to inspire.... Get the new favorite quarantine activity with your friends. Start your own private Rummy tables with the Mobzway platform today and get unlimited free virtual chips. Chili Chicken Recipe In Bengali Homemade Chili Chicken Recipe In Bengali. Community Engagement: Hello Fam I am delighted by the opportunity despite these crying times that even though everything is hard quarantine is stiff and all we can do is stay in our home we still need to get back to business as usual to atleast provide food for our families. As you could see crypto markets is on the rise and for those of you here who have telegram groups specifically for crypto enthusiast might as well share it so we can talk about things that we share some interest. ampx200B Thank you.. Maruti Suzuki sells over 7.5 lakh BS6 cars. Applying Lean to Optimize Your Office Performance Lean Thinking and Lean Management Seven Steps Global: [removed]. Dowry Under Dowry Prohibition Act: [removed]. Feeling bored at home during COVID19 lockdown: [removed]. Indias richest man lost 300 million a day in the past two months due to coronavirus. How the 2020 Stock Market Crash is Different from 2008. Bhenchode Why are there so many Indian tech support firms: [removed]. Company not paying salary since last 7 months What can be done: [removed]. Online Credit Score Checker Credit Score Check Free: [removed]. Isnt it just fucking great how companies like Ola valued at around USD 10 Billion desperately needs donations from people like us to pay their drivers wages amounting to 30cr: And I know that a lot of upper management in the company has donated total amounting to 20cr. It still doesnt make any sense that the larger part of the Fund had to be crowdfunded when the company could take care of the whole amount and more while barely taking a hit. Retaining your employees in times of crisis is the responsibility of the employer and Ola is more than equipped to deal with such a situation. This means what they are doing is simultaneously putting the pressure on their customers TO PAY THEIR EMPLOYEES SALARY while acting like caring charitable employers. And dont even talk about the CEO forgoing an entire year of his salary. When you earn enough in a year to feed a small impoverished country this gesture looks a lot more like what it actually is cheap PR bullshit. And lets not forget after forgoing his salary for a year his net worth remains at around 3100 crore. Tldr fuck you Ola we got bills to pay too. Pay your employees yourselves you cheap bastards..  amazing things to sell on amazon: [removed]. Start your own Online Teen Patti private table: [removed]. HPL Jupiter Plus Led Spotlight HPL India. HPL LED Glow Bulb Consumer Lighting HPL India. HPL Outdoor City Vision LED Street Lights HPL India. Fiverr Success Story of Top Rated Seller Waqas Ahmad Fiverr TRS. Indias Swiggy raises 43M to expand to new businesses. what Amazons vast new Hyderabad campus reveals about its plans . An Island Nation of Indians: [removed]. With increasingly easy access to smartphones and communication technologies ECommerce is growing exponentially in China. And at a time when applications like WeChat are developing allinone applications in order to combine the use of several Western applications Facebook Google Uber UberEat. Two years after safeguard duty on solar cells and modules domestic production has not picked up. ICICI Bank Insta Save Savings Account Review Instant Free Credit Card with Insta Save FD Account TechnoFino. Its Okay God Lyrics Karan Aujla: [removed]. Why has India reacted to declining global crude prices by raising excise duties. Check if your bank has granted moratorium on your loan by default: [removed]. Mutual Fund Investments in Market Crash Dos amp Donts Best Mutual Fund SIP 2020 TechnoFino YouTube : [removed].  : [removed]. What are your ideas on the effects of COVID19 on the Indian Economy:  1 According to experts the current spread of the coronavirus is dramatically worsening the situation of the predominantly mediumsized foundries in Germany. How exactly does the coronavirus affect the foundries in India e.g. supply bottlenecks personnel shortages or others and what recommendations for action would you give to the foundries 2 How well is your country prepared to protect companies from the threat of insolvency in the face of the crisis What support measures have already been implemented and what do you think should still be done to save local foundries from bankruptcy 3 Now that experts already agree that the scale of the crisis will be serious what are the concrete consequences to be expected How will these consequences affect the entire value chain in India 4 In your opinion which industry will be hit hardest by the crisis and why To what extent could other industries still be affected 5 At many car manufacturers in Germany the production lines are at a standstill for 24 weeks and they are preparing for a longterm decline in production. What is the situation in India Will fewer car parts be produced after the crisis Will this result in an increased trend towards electric cars 6 Experts say that a serious assessment of the future development is not possible at present. In your opinion what would be a worstcase or bestcase scenario in view of the current situation Which of these scenarios do you consider more likely 7 Compared to other countries will India be better or worse off after the crisis What are the reasons for this. Indias Mahindra scraps Koreas SsangYong investment plan due to COVID19 crisis. Trekking Tours in India Book Trekking Packages Online Cheerbolt: [removed]. We would have gone into a recession regardless of a virus PART RANT: People seem to forget we already had major financial issues that no one is really highlighting. Such as the bad rollout of Demonetization the ILFS issue leading to an NPA issue the slow growth of the real estate industry in certain metropolitan areas. The consolidation of banks the issues with Yes bank and the impending NBFC crisis. On top of it Air Indias bad performance and a bunch of real issues that have happened over the past 5 years internationally such as the trade war Brexit and currently the oil war between Saudi Arabia and Russia. The Virus isnt something that would have wrecked the economy itself its something that multiplying the impact of the already existing issues. The situation is right now not similar to 2008 because that situation was a fundamental shift in what we thought was right. This is a trust issue in the markets and economics. There is a mistrust between the stakeholders of commerce. We will get out of this virus eventually and the markets will recover. The stock markets are drama queens that are sensitive to everything. If Trumps stupid words could trigger a downward trend then imagine what would have happened if shit actually hit the fan. Remember all the loss of wealth is imaginary in sort as its based on perceptions. You havent actually lost the money as long as you dont book your losses. For a person who had invested 56 years back in a stock he or she had lost an opportunity profit but nothing was ever promised. Thats why all these instruments come with terms and conditions. If a share falls by 30 that doesnt mean that a company with really good fundamentals and performance track will lose 30 of their intrinsic value over minutes. On the other hand if a company was extremely leveraged and had preexisting skeletons in the closet its going to be horrible for them. This time is more of a period of companies opening up and being honest about their positions and less of a China propoganda or lockdown bad thing. Its sad to see people lose their jobs but it doesnt matter weather 1 million lose their jobs every year or 6 mill in one freak event but it was going to happen eventually. There is a fundamental demand side shock that has happened in India tracing far back as 2016. Its ironic that the enemies and black money hoarders of the economy the informal sector your vegetable vendors your kirana shops your local chai walla are currently the world managing and actually saving local district microeconomic commerce with their supply chains and flexibility. Right now the world is in an icu and we are paying a massive hospital bill not because of the disease but because of lack of investment in the essentials like infrastructure healthcare and education. The investment was directed towards other fancier things because it seemed cool or a matter of izzat to do so at the time. I hope after all this is done people dont forget about the local kirana shops that managed to get stuff.. RESTAURANT UPDATEHOW TO SURVIVE amp WIN AFTER LOCKDOWN ENDS: [removed]. List Of Best 25 Multinational Companies In India Choose The Best One. LoanMart Indias Favourite Mart for all Loans: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/vzbk4uxodkq41.jpgwidth2084ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps44ce1a4599d0dbad335e45ca8990548d55155bf2 [LoanMart]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.loanmart.app Indias favorite mart for all loans gives you access to the leading Lending Partners for your instant money needs. With the interest rates as low as 1.5 you can get a loan up to 10 Lacs with minimal documentation and no hassle. No Minimum Salary criteria. Install the App now. Best Travel informative website in India In 2020: [removed]. After BMW KTM withdraws from 2020 Intermot and EICMA Adrenaline Culture. Experience luxury travel on a private jet with JetSet Cayman. Travel in comfort and style with exciting offers. Book Now . now lighting diyas make so much sense. Security checks needed to protect customers from online banking frauds. Scam or not: Hi. I just applied for a job yesterday and I got an invitation to a telephonic interview. Now heres where I am getting a bit uneasy because the company name is ABC but when I research it the company logo is different. Also the email I received has an address that does not match the name of the company. Its a pretty big company btw like Accenture or Capgemini. So I just wanted to ask is it usual for companies to use email ids like these or is it an offshoring mediator or a scam. Indexia Finance Get Loan at Lowest Interest Rate. Workfromhome going to stay even after Covid19 scare is over.. Why you shouldnt opt for moratorium on EMI. HULGSK merger complete FMCG giant buys Horlicks brand for 3045 crore. PSA Dont opt for the 3month moratorium unless you absolutely have to and definitely dont do it for your credit cards: I see a lot of misinformation floating around about the RBI moratorium and though quite a few news outlets have picked up the topic since yesterday I guess it is easy for news to slip through in this surreal climate we are living through. What prompted me to make the post is a friend who asked me for suggestions to invest the money saved due to the moratorium on credit card payments for the next three months which is a completely bonkers idea. When you avail the moratorium on your regular house/auto/personal/gold loan EMIs what you are essentially doing is equivalent to taking out a loan topup of the amount of the monthly EMI for the period still left on the loan. So if you still have 10 years on the loan and your monthly EMI is 20000 by deferring 3 months of payment you have essentially taken out a loan of a little more than 60000 and have an additional payment burden of whatever interest compounded monthly is accumulated on that amount for the whole 10 years. Assuming an interest rate of 10 this additional payment burden comes out to about 1L and a tenure extension of 8 months over and above the 3 months that have been deferred. This might make sense if you just lost your job or going through extreme financial dishevelment due to COVID but definitely not otherwise. Credit cards are a whole other story. Their interest rates are crazy about 40 per annum which means that if your credit card bill this month was 1L after the 3month moratorium period with compounded interest still accumulating youd owe about 110400. Moreover this amount will stare back at you in full in June when it is very likely that your financial situation may not be much better than it is now. Given the facts it makes no sense to avail the moratorium benefits for credit card dues if you are somehow able to manage the money. Even if youre under extreme financial duress and absolutely cant make your card payments Id wager that youll still be able to do better than credit card interest rate.. Earn money from home opportunity for lock down . Do utilities it ..... Can someone clarify me about the EMI extension by RBI: I have bought a phone on EMI and because of this pandemic U know how things are going. RBI declared an EMI monatarium but no one seems to be clear about this. My question is can I not pay the EMI for 3 months and what are the consequences of that. Bank credit pe Moratorium dega...Magar lena ka nahin: Source [https//www.creditcardz.in/despiterbimoratoriumpayyourfullcreditcardbill/]https//www.creditcardz.in/despiterbimoratoriumpayyourfullcreditcardbill/ RBI as part of Covid19 regulatory package announced a moratorium of 3 months on all term loans including credit card bills falling due between 1st March and 31st May. Many misinterpretations are floating around this announcement however I say that pay your credit card bill in full despite RBIs moratorium. What makes me believe that paying the credit card bill in full is a wise thing to do Read further to understand it. So what is a moratorium As per [bankrate.com]https//www.bankrate.com/glossary/m/moratoriumperiod/ a moratorium period is a period during a loan term when the borrower is not obligated to make a payment. It is a waiting period before the borrower starts making fixed monthly payments. Okay so what is the RBI moratorium for credit card about The exact wordings from RBI is below ampx200B [img]jstw9390qeq41 Snippet from RBI notification What it means is if you decide to opt for the RBI moratorium until 31st May the credit card company or the bank wont mark you as a defaulter and wont report you to the credit bureau. Thus your CIBIL score will not deteriorate and you can continue to be part of that elusive 800 club. However interest will continue to accrue in your account. Does that mean I dont have to pay my credit card bills No. This is not what it means. One has to eventually pay all the outstanding bills. Thats not all the bank or credit card company will also levy interest late payment fees and taxes on the same on the amount delayed beyond the regular credit card bill payment date. Okay then what are the benefits of RBI moratorium The moratorium is targeted at individuals and small businesses whose salaries or cash flows are affected due to Covid19 lockdown. These individuals and businesses can opt for the moratorium. The thought here is since currently everything is under lockdown and many individuals wont have enough cash flow to service their credit card bills. By opting for the moratorium they can choose to pay the outstanding later on when things came back to normalcy. Thats okay I will pay the credit card bill after 3 months So What Well RBI has allowed credit card holder to opt for the moratorium. However I would suggest if one is getting paid regularly and does not have cash flow issues one should pay the entire credit card bill on time. Reason One ends up paying a whopping 47 interest rate on the credit card. Here is a sample working. ampx200B [img]dr2vbi16qeq41 The assumptions that I made in this working are No previous balance carried forward as on 19th Bill generation date is 1st of every month and the bill payment date is around 20th of every month. One has opted for the moratorium and wont have any amount till 31st Why one ends up paying such highinterest rates Simply because the banks or the credit card company charges highinterest rates. E.g. HDFC Bank for most credit cards charges 3.49 per month i.e. 41.88 per annum. Moreover one has to pay late payment charges and interest on that too. And thats not all hold your breath one has cough up GST on all of this. Yes if one delays the credit card bill payment one has to pay GST 18 on the interest amount. Thus you end up paying an interest rate of more than 47 during these times. Hence dont take benefit of the moratorium and pay your credit card bill on time. But I am seriously facing cash flow issues what should I do In that case I suggest one of the two options. Either opt for a personal loan from a bank and pay off your credit card bills else convert your credit card outstanding into EMIs. For the above options there will no moratorium. However interest rates will be much lower than that charged on the credit card. Thus enabling to manage ones cash flows. Conclusion As I mentioned earlier if one is not facing cash flow issues do not opt for the moratorium and pay your loan EMIs regularly. RBIs package is largely targeted towards businesses and selfemployed borrowers giving them temporary relief in terms of a moratorium. However one has to pay the interest and outstanding amount in full eventually. Further all banks and credit card companies will add back the interest to your loan outstanding effectively increasing your loan. Source [https//www.creditcardz.in/despiterbimoratoriumpayyourfullcreditcardbill/]https//www.creditcardz.in/despiterbimoratoriumpayyourfullcreditcardbill/.  1 . Mobile payments firms in India are now scrambling to make money. Personal Loan. MercedesBenz to set up a 1500bed temporary hospital in Pune for COVID19 patients. Will manufacturing boom in India once the COVID period is over: We have now realised what happens when we rely too much on one country for production. The massive hit our economy and society is going to last us for a while. We must admit the irony of when the country where the virus came from is the production centre for most protective gear. Do you think medium scale start ups for production of basic hardware will now start in India. Moving back to India salary breakdown question: Hi all I came to US for masters and have worked there for few years and I am planning to move back to India soon and have been offered a job role. This will be my first job in India and I have some very basic questions I am a bit confused on some of the allowances in the offer breakdown I have been offered a base salary and along with that I get house rent allowance special allowance vehicle reimbursement and internet allowance. 1. For house allowance do I have to submit the rental agreement to the employer to claim it Or do I have to submit it to someone else i.e. when filing taxes end of year Does it get deposited as part of salary each month or is that directly given to the landlord 2. Do I have to do anything to claim the special allowance or is it automatically deposited into the account along with base salary 3. How do I claim the vehicle and internet allowance is it similar to housing allowance where it comes in as part of salary or does that go to companies directly Basically trying to understand how much I can expect to get as a salary deposit in my account Thanks. SaaS Platform For Web Apps Station Project Details: Have you ever calculated how much time you spend everyday checking your social and working accounts To be more accurate its over 2 hours a day The article discusses what are the biggest reasons for distractions at work and elaborate on a solution to boost your productivity at the workplace. [SaaS Platform For Web Apps Station Project Details]https//2muchcoffee.com/blog/saasplatformforwebappsstationprojectdetails/. Moving back to India salary breakdown question: [removed]. BuyUcoin has declared will donate 15 exchange trading fees to the COVID19 Support FUND. Sensex sinks by 1203 pts Nifty tanks below 8300. Blockchain Development Company Blockchain Development services SM Global. Grow business through Digital marketing. Investors tell Indian startups to prepare for the worst as Covid19 uncertainty continues TechCrunch. Paisa bazaar asking for picture of credit card. Isnt that shady. PVR Reliance Retail invoke Act of God wont pay rent.. WORLD CONSUMER SLOWDOWNUS AND EUROPE: [removed]. Home Loan Instant best online amp low housing interest rate service provider company. Apple Acquires Popular Weather App Dark Sky. Why Pandemic Should Be An Integral Parameter For BCP. Earn through Freelancing in Covid19 Lockdown.: [removed]. COVID19 update Fugitive liquor baron Vijay Mallya seeks help from Govt. amid lockdown. Are there any good resources for corporate law that can be used by investors: I want to understand how the law works when it comes to finance MampA corporate finance personal finance etc. and all operations related to companies marketing HR etc. . Are there any comprehensive books/online sources that give you this I want to understand the legal side whenever Im investing in shares and understand an investee companys legal problems as well. Moreover Ill also benefit if I understand laws relating to personal finance. Would be of great help if theres anything you could share. Thanks in advance.. While Your Locked Inside For The Next Few Weeks.. Earn Money From These Bitcoin Faucets. USA citizen with OCI Card amp money transfer: Im a U.S citizen with an OCI card. Is it possible for me to work in the U.S indefinitely and then choose to convert roughly 300000 USD into Rupees Which would translate into roughly 22623000.00 ampx200B Is this possible What are the limitations. Post Press Machines Paper Cutting Binding Contact 9198148 88844 preetmachinerygmail.com: [removed]. Top Natural Reserves in Sikkim That You Will Love Exploring: [removed]. Personal Loan Best online instant amp low interest rate service provider company. Subscription/recurring payment solution in India: [removed]. All bank branches across India to be operational from Monday:  All bank branches across the country will be operational from Monday following an advisory from the government as pressure on bank branches is likely to mount due to salary and pension payment.. While india is battling corona this elite is making his relatives buy his stocks.. Value our own Companies.: [removed]. PM Cares set up for coronavirus relief but PMNRF exists since 1948. Best Business in India. PACKERS AND MOVERS FARIDABAD PACKERS AND MOVERS IN FARIDABAD PACKERS AND MOVERS MOVERS AND PACKERS PACKERS MOVERS: [removed]. Sr. Officer Card Issuance at BOB. Sr. Officer Card Issuance at BOB: [removed]. Area Sales Manager at BOB: [removed]. World has entered a recession as bad or worse than global financial crisis IMF chief.  .. . Yesterday many Indian retail traders got caught trading on the wrong side after Nifty opened 3.56 gap up Why did that happen and can you avoid it going forward : [removed]. Indexia Finance Get Loan at Lowest Interest Rate. I am sending you 1 Pi is a new digital currency: [removed]. Im 21. Im looking for a job.. What is your organization doing PwC in India has deferred promotions increments and bonuses it seems . Im 18 and I want a job: Im 18 and Im going to be leaving my parents soon. I want a job any job which would pay well enough for me to save up for college which I want to join in a few years. I passed my 12th boards speak and write good English and my strengths are physics and chemistry. If I stay with my parents for one more day I might just kill myself. The Reserve Bank of India cut interest rates by 75 points. PwC deferring promotions increments and bonuses of India employees partners to take 25 pay cut. Moodys cuts India 2020 GDP forecast to 2.5. Taxsaving investments for FY 201920 allowed till June 30 2020. Small business owners of India how are your employees working from home: My family owns a business I am not a part of but I did set up a system for them that allows them to use their custom software from home. I was wondering how are other small businesses coping And like the system I set up do other people also have the same need The ability to have a computer at home that acts like a computer within the physical office.. Relaxation of EMI payments for 3 months.. RBI joins coronavirus fight with bigbang rate move EMIs put on hold The Economic Times. Home Loan Mumbai Home Loan in Mumbai Interest Rates Indexia Finance: Apply Now [https//indexiafinance.com]https//indexiafinance.com ampx200B Loan chahiye matlab ... Indexia Finance ampx200B You can call us ampx200B Tel 91 22 26333 448 ampx200B Mob 91 86551 68551 91 8928 786 594. Find out how much people in India are getting paid and help to reduce pay inequality.. Do You Know 22 Prime Minister Gareeb Kalyan Yojna All Details and Announcements 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Nubia Red Magic 5G price in India Full Specs and Launch date. Free university abroad counselling session or USD 25 Amazon gift card Indian Students only: [removed]. Indexia Finance The Best Loan Provider Company. Buy blue star freezer at the best price I Iceberg refrigeration: [removed]. Some of the good old age homes in India: [removed]. Stylish Wireless Earphones: [removed]. Nubia Red Magic 5G launched brings 144Hz display Snapdragon 865 and more. Indian banks plan to shut down most branches during lockdown sources. Balloons Surprise decoration in Noida: [removed]. [Rant] Worst fears coming true: First of all My sincere prayers for corona patients most of them I was afraid that those riches will somehow lead our country into hellhole and they have. It is sad that how these people have used money and power to avoid screening. The outcome not some good. And some panic buyers and capitalists are looking at itcorona pandemic like an opportunity during Delhi pollution crisis apollo hiked prices of masks costing 25 rupees to 200 and even more during corona. Even my family who owns a shop is facing crisis as the distributers from where our goods come double folded the original prices. And since i am not one of decision maker I cant directly help those who cannot afford these new costs. there are people poor people who are unable to buy and feed their families. Shame on those capitalist people. Coronavirus outbreak RBI likely to allow banks to accept delayed loan repayments from customers Firstpost Do you think RBI will allow this it will be a huge relief for everyone in these times of distress. Net banking in current account during lockdown.: Is anybody facing this issue Been trying to send my employees some money from sbi net banking in the time of need but all my transactions keeps on failing.. the customer care is unresponsive.. twitter responded with a form .. the form cant be filled because it requires a txn no. And the txn no. Provided is not acceptable in the form. Any help. ELI5 Why is the stock market soaring: Shouldnt the market be dropping to the limits amid the 21 day lockdown Please give thorough and simple answer and only if you know exactly why. Thanks.. Personal Loan in India Calculate Personal Loan EMI Indexia Finance. For building material manufacturers and those in the construction industry. For Building Material Manufacturers and those in the construction industry. Amid lockdown in India Amazon.in promises to serve essentials while Flipkart shuts down service: Amazon a foreign entity that entered India after Flipkart promises to deliver essentials through online orders albeit with a delay Flipkart homegrown huge service completely shuts down. They cant think up a way to continue serving customers at this time when people are even worried of stepping out Its not just bad PR but reeks of laziness.. When do celebrities not this one in particular in general take a break and stop living for money Even in dire times Shikhar dhawan is promoting audio products here. Baffling. Facebook Eyeing Stake In Reliance Jio FT Reports. Xiaomi Samsung and other phone brands pause manufacturing in India amid coronavirus lockdown. A dialogue for Indians to understand why bitcoin even exists: TLDR Owner of a bank or financial institute can change the amount of money in the financial system modern money is just a number in the banks database while manipulation of this nature is impossible on block chain Given the current Indian financial market situation me and a friend had this dialogue to try and understand if bitcoin is of any use to us.. may be it helps you start a conversation with someone else and get a better understanding of things. Im a stock market trader and recently I was talking to this friend of mine who is into bitcoin as well as the stock market.. He asked me if I knew why bitcoin was needed in this world.. And my answer was.. An alternate currency Turns out its got an actual reason for existing BTC is an alternative to fiat currency or store of value like how Gold is But Bitcoin is not like Gold at all. Gold is valuable as a metal. It is soft malleable very good conductor of electricity safe to the skin unlike copper and does not tarnish over time. If we needed gold in large quantities and cost wasnt a problem we can actually create gold in particle accelerators. So its not a matter of gold being scarce Bitcoin has no physical value like gold. Bitcoin is all digital. ampx200B A Simple Though experiment Lets assume I open a bank called DVZ bank and people have deposited a total of Rs.1000 with my bank. Now people and corporations come to me asking for loans and I give them a combined loan of Rs. 10000. Where did the extra Rs.9000 come from You decide whether this is a problem or not for a financial system. As it turns out in the modern world money is just a number in a banks software. It can be tweaked any way the controlling authorities want. As an authority without a few people in my pocket I could set up a XYZ business just for the purpose of creating money. XYZ business would never make a single rupee in profit but we will keep adding new money into the XYZs bank account every month. Its our bank. Our software. Our database. Who is to stop us Whereas Blockchain is a selfregulating database. Once an entry is made into the blockchain it can not be edited without destroying the whole database. It maintains integrity by nature. So if 21 Million bitcoins are coded into the database it cannot ever become 22 Million Bitcoins. Whereas in any other currency or banking platform it can be changed. Banks are based on ledgers that can be manipulated by the bank owners and governing parties. Bitcoin runs on blockchain ledgers which are immutable. To break this down ever further lets say you have 100 rupees in Paytm Wallet and Paytms core developer is your best friend. You can convince him to turn that 100 into 10000. This cannot be done with Bitcoin if that is done the whole database breaks. Has this ever happened Paytm has been accused of internal fraud by audit companies multiple times. A Famous incident that can be quickly searched online is where an ex paytm employee created fake transactions in order to earn from cashbacks. Total fraud of over 10Cr. The loans given out in Bitcoins will be real bitcoins and not fake money which eventually turns into real money. Banks give out money that they dont have and dont recover that leaves a hole in the financial system. Blockchain is attempting to provide a very clean and efficient financial system to have a record of whats coming in and whats going out. If implemented successfully we will do away with printing money and bringing in Helicopter money during times like these. It will all be a zerosum game then. Your thoughts in comments please we are figuring this out through a dialogue so please be constructive with the comments in a way that we learn a thing a two from your comments too NEGATIVES OF BLOCK CHAIN/BITCOIN We came across some negatives for bitcoin too. If Country has Trillion economy.. and it gets burned..by some natural calamity or some other factor no problem govt will pump in another trillion into existence and live on. but if i have million bitcoins and lose the key Its gone forever. no chance of ever recovering it. Last date for Income Tax filing for FY1819 extended to June 30: Deaths from the coronavirus pandemic have topped 15000 across the globe according to an AFP tally. The count of coronavirus cases in India stood close to 500 with 498 cases reported so far by the states. Meanwhile complete lockdowns were announced in 30 states/ UTs and 606 districts. Stay with TOI for the latest developments.. In a relief to the small businesses insolvency proceedings threshold limit extended from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 1 crore major relief. Sabka Vishwas without interest up to 30th June. Finance Ministers livestream is up now.. Website Designing Service Provider Delhi NCR: [removed]. The state of Online banking this morning.. Taxi Drivers: Over the past few weeks taxi drivers and auto drivers are earning way below their usual wage including tips. I think that Ola and Uber should at least have the courtesy to pay their drivers considering they wouldnt have a business without them. Both of these are big firms who must have sufficient in their banks to do this.. While at home why not check skills to learn in 2020 in Hindi. Stay Home Stay Safe. Hope everyone is doing well. Delhi International Schools Rohini DIS Rohini. Top CBSE Public amp Senior Secondary School in Dwarka: [removed]. Delhi International Group junior Schools Rohini DIS junior school Rohini DIS junior Sector 13 Rohini. What the actual fuck is the Finance Minister doing : Seriously. The income tax deadline is on 31st march and there are plenty of individuals firms who are just now preparing accounts and getting ready to file their return . Its hard for everyone to travel to office and do work since even the trains are stopped. Extend the fucking deadline and stop people from going to office.. Uber Ola suspend all rides in New Delhi. How to Combat Coronavirus with ISO 45001 Certification. DIS Junior Dwarka. Where can I buy Webaround Webcam Background in India: [WEBAROUND link]https//www.amazon.com/dp/B06Y2G2YP5/ sells on Amazon.com for over 50. Wonder if a similar screen is available online in India. Delhi International Schools Dwarka DIS Dwarka: [removed]. Market LIVE Sensex hits 10 lower circuit trading halts for 45 minutes. Why does IRCTC share drop only 5 everyday: Im observing since the past few days that IRCTC drops exactly 5 everyday as soon as market opens and the listed price does not change/ fluctuate throughout the day whatsoever. Considering railways and hospitality business is completely closed IRCTC should drop much more than 5. I havent seen any other share with such behaviour.. SBI to grant special loans to virushit borrowers. Wow a new earning app .. check it out... Increasing Competition amongst the Lenders for Personal Loan. Make money best app. Morons. Tata Group will pay full twomonth salary to daily wage workers. A message from EPFO for Janta Curfew. Why does EPFO need to send this. Cashing in on crash promoters rush to increase stakes in companies. Cryptocurrency are not immune .. Safest Bank to Deposit Money: With all the complications going on with YES Bank Ive been very scared to put my trust in private banks. However due to being in need of performing faster and smoother international transactions Im planning to make an account in Axis Bank. However is it safe If not which bank should I opt for I already have account in SBI and plan to keep all my money in SBI except the minimum limit required by Axis Bank to maintain a priority account.. Business: [removed]. ERD PLANT 808838672: [removed]. Coronavirus may lead to 68 of aircraft being grounded. The Centre for Development of the Advance Computing has invited the application forms from the eligible candidates. The organization wants to recruit fresh talent in their firm hence announced the various vacancies on the posts of project managers and project engineers in different fields.: [removed]. The Centre for Development of the Advance Computing has invited the application forms from the eligible candidates. The organization wants to recruit fresh talent in their firm hence announced the various vacancies on the posts of project managers and project engineers in different fields.: Answer to What are some good job offers for a computer science engineer by Dev Raj https//www.quora.com/Whataresomegoodjoboffersforacomputerscienceengineer/answer/DevRaj1534ch99ampshare72664795ampsriduo26F8. The Centre for Development of the Advance Computing has invited the application forms from the eligible candidates. The organization wants to recruit fresh talent in their firm hence announced the various vacancies on the posts of project managers and project engineers in different fields.: [removed]. kurtis manufacturerkurtis manufacturers in jaipurkurtis manufacturer in jaipurkurti manufacturer in jaipur kurti wholesalerkurtis wholesalerkurtis wholesaler in jaipurkurti wholesalers in jaipurkurtis wholesaler jaipurkurtis exporters in jaipurkurtis exporter in jaipurkurti exporters jaip: [removed]. Indian Economics. Greetings from WSB. Its time to buy INDA puts: If you would like to benefit from this epidemic then invest into it. How PUUUTSSS on INDA. If me and my billionaire friends are doing a insider trading worth trillions in stock market during a pandemic outbreak in first world country am i allowed to run away in a secret cruise ship under another nations banner: [removed]. Startup India Telegram Group: Startup India Telegram Group Link https//t.me/QuickStartup01 Knowledge Sharing amp Discussion only. No Promotions.. How do payment apps earn money: [removed]. PM Kisan Credit Card. Sahara India Payment. Covid19 Indian students put off foreign varsity plans. RComs Anil Ambani Has To Pay 100 Million By End Of Day. Freelance Graphic Designing Amritsar Call 91 981 576 2315: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters India Jaikar Jaw Crusher Coal Crusher Grinding Mill Vibrating Equipments Conveyor Belts. Enjoy these courses by Udemy Bestselling InstructorChris Haroun for free.: [removed]. Disney India launch postponed. Investing in stocks for beginners How to Grow Money fast in 2020 investing tips for beginner. COVID19 Business Impacts and Recession: COVID19 is a global catastrophe right now. Something we took very lightly in the initial stage as a country as individuals and as business. But this hit us in a very unexpected way. Malls which were crowded all the times are shut. Public transport are running almost empty. Everything is so silent outside that you can feel the air is clean. You can actually hear the birds singing. If you pay attention In cities you can see more stars at night these days. Well nature has its own way to clear the dirt. But we are humans lets just be mean and think from our perspective. Within a week the offices are empty. small businesses gave their employees work from home. Big companies are following 50 occupancy rule. For some time i want you guys to think emotionally and be logical. The scene is bigger than the virus. We are not heading for a recession we are heading towards depression. IT companies who were working on projects which are almost 80 complete. Just have those projects in their hand. which will pay them not more than 25 of the final amount of the proposal. Projects which were about to start Have shut Projects which were between 3570 completion are paused. And there are no new projects. Constructions and real estate sectors in cities have stopped for next 6 months. Big companies have circulated the mail to small vendors that there wont be any money coming for atleast next 6 months. Cement steel rocks and bricks provider architects etc etc who work on a month or 3 month money rotation and mind you even the smallest vendor work for not less than 10 lacks rotation got no money. These guys are in immediate debts. Manufacturing is yet to hit coz people are still buying stuff. But this will stop in a month. Coming back to people dont have projects to work and money to rotate. They we are having funds to sustain our staff for 6 months. But this works when the world is fine and we dont have projects. the case is different here. The world is burning and we can see that businesses are not going to get any thing for next 1 year minimum. So this is not the time to think about employees but to save the company and the investment. Employee class is going to get the salary of april. thats it. thats the fact. Learn it love it live it. Byheart it. write it on a paper and stick to the wall get up and read this everyday. prepare yourself. Do not enjoy this time as you are working from home. Use this time to think. Plan your actions cut your expenses. if you have savings for 6 months make sure you use it for a year. Unfortunately this catastrophe is an opportunity for big companies to layoff thousands of their nonperforming employees NPE. the number will be as big as 60. and for small businesses 80 small businesses usually dont have NPE every employee is an asset but its directly proportional to the companys turnover and number of projects. so lets just take a rough number that almost around 40 50 people are loosing their jobs in junejuly. But people who earn daily wages have started feeling the impact right now. Constructions would stop killing the daily wages of construction workers. Spending capacity will reduce killing semi luxury utilities like cab/auto restaurants travel. Do not expect any compensation from government And for countrys good please dont Country needs money to run. Hospitals food maintaining law and order may be camps these will suck a lot of money from govt locker. So dont expect any lone wavers tax exemptions bill exemptions or reducing petrol price coz its down world wide. Yes we can argue that the banks gave loan to some individuals and they ran away and potato potato. Whats gone is gone. if the government works in our favour its good. But dont keep any hope. This week took businesses atleast 6 months back. and in coming days we are going to loose almost 23 years of hardwork and buildup. Days are going to be hard. This is not the post to scare people. I dont care about the upvotes or downvotes. I feel bad when i see people enjoying work from home. I saw people who were asked by companies Office will be shut you cant take your systems home if you have laptops we will install the required softwares to your system and you can continue working and people straight away said NO to that. For your information Business remembers everything Thats how business evolves. And business is an entity without heart. You guys are the first one the companies gonna layoff. Last but not the least while I was planning I jotted down a lot of points but while writing im sure I missed a lot. Please feel free to ask any questions you have. Please feel free to suggest any actions which can be implemented which will help both the business and employees.. Paper Cutting Machine Programmable Paper Cutting Machine Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Semi Automatic Paper Cutting Machine Fully Automatic Paper Cutting Machines with Worm Gear. Get More Here. Coronavirus impact Hikes bonuses on the block as IT firms get ready for slump.. Total cases rise to 195 in India including 4 deaths: Coronavirus has infected more than 200000 people and killed more than 9000 across the world. Meanwhile India has reported four deaths and over 195 cases so far. In his address to the nation PM Narendra Modi called for Janata Curfew on March 22 and urged people to avoid panic buying. Stay with TOI for all the latest updates.. Odia University a first of its kind regional language university proposed by the Government of Odisha will come up soon. The Chennai Silks Latest Long Frock Kurti Chudidar Maxi Salwar Ch.... Are You Eligible For Australian PR: If you want to go to australia as a permanent resident you need to meet some basic requirement. Heres our [Australia PR Point Calculator]http//immigrationconsultantgroup.in/australiaprpointcalculator/ to help you understand more. ampx200B [http//immigrationconsultantgroup.in/australiaprpointcalculator/]http//immigrationconsultantgroup.in/australiaprpointcalculator/. International Server: [removed]. Exciting offer on Magzter GOLD. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant: [removed]. New to investing opened a zerodha account and have a few questions: Hey everyone I opened a zerodha kite account for starting off I dont plan to use it for the foreseeable future as I am still a student and dont want to risk all my allowance but I want to start learning early almost 22 now Now coming to my doubts I have a few First What are zerodhas charges If I just stop using it and leave it will I accrue any charges So far I have spent 300 to start it up Second do they have any kind of postpaid service I should stay away from I dont want to end up in a debt trap What sort of caution should I take to avoid high fees that might happen from what I understand it is a prepaid service so from my understanding the maximum damage that can happen is my empty savings account yes Thanks guys appreciate your help. https//share.rainmoney.co/register.phpreferralsenura. ISO 50001 Energy Management Workshop held at Andhra Pradesh. Growth is never by mere chance it is the result of forces working together: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar. Are you doing these mistakes in the office: [removed]. Rupee hits 75 per US dollar for first time as fall continues. Coronavirus pandemic burns Rs 1.9 trillion hole in LICs investments. Indians lost Rs 228 cr in 52k cases of bank fraud in nine months.. Are liquid funds safe during recession/corona pandemic: What is your views on this Do you think liquid funds are safe to still leave money in them Other debt funds are pretty not safe for the time being but generally liquid funds are said to be more safe... has anyone experience from previous crash/recessions. Yes Bank after starting operation again from yesterday. UK billionaire born in India tells story of his rise to riches. Banks To Charge Up To INR 5 Post 20 Transfers. Deal on this email address extractor software. Now BSNL MTNL want to wage a tariff war and Reliance Jio is fighting to stop it. HPL India City Vision Street Light: [removed]. HPL India Speciality Cable. HPL India IR and IRDA Meters: [removed]. please help me fill this survey regarding loyalty in supermarket:  I am doing a research project regarding factors affecting customer loyalty through loyalty program in supermarket. I would be thankful if you spend few mins to fill this survey [https//forms.gle/NCfKy2K89hSixcVe8]https//forms.gle/NCfKy2K89hSixcVe8. How Indias cloud market will take shape by 2023. Nirala greenshire Ready to move flat in Noida Extension floor plan. Hong Kongs STILE Initiative is funding up to 10m for Indian startup companies.. Lets Keep the Show Going With the Top Bulk SMS Service Provider in DelhiNCR. Banks To Charge Up To INR 5 After 20 Transactions for UPI. Banks To Charge Up To INR 5 After 20 Transactions. Post Press Machines Paper Cutting Binding Contact 9198148 88844 preetmachinerygmail.com. GHCL Demerges Textiless business Perfect Sourcing Latest Fashion Apparel Textile and Technology News. Fitness apparel Rhone launches first womens collection Perfect Sourcing Latest Fashion Apparel Textile and Technology News. Respite for charter aviation customers as new regulations come in. HPL INDIA Industrial Changeover Switch. Check out the modular and smart switches by HPL INDIA. Electrical Equipment Company in India. Nubia Red Magic 5G Price in India Full Specs March 2020 Digit. How to Withdraw my PF amount online. Plots In Hyderabad For Sale At Affordable Price For Just Rupees 6500 Per Sqr Yard. Can I get GST in my home address: [removed]. Can I get GST at my home address: [removed]. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Supplier Exporter India Amritsar Call 91 998 876 6145 Visit https//www.goldencorrugation.com. please help me fill this survey regarding loyalty in supermarket: I am doing a research project regarding factors affecting customer loyalty through loyalty program in supermarket. I would be thankful if you spend few mins to fill this survey [https//forms.gle/NCfKy2K89hSixcVe8]https//forms.gle/NCfKy2K89hSixcVe8. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches. Recommendation for financial app: Can anyone suggest a good app for recording and managing daily expenses It will be a plus if the app could read messages and register cashless payments. Also shouldnt be too expensive or have monthly subscription.. Picking a write one. Students Lets beat COVID 19 viruss house arrest: [removed]. Yes Bank banking services to resume from 18th March .. Mortgage Rates Likely To Fall after Fed Slashes Rates. Flat 30 off on Tata Sky recharge. TIL we are taxed EXTRA 4 on top of the normal tax slab as Health amp education cess.: Maybe its common knowledge here but While doing the tax savings for this year i got to know that on top of our tax slabs we had to pay additional 3 cess as tax which was increased to 4 in 2018. \[WTF\] [https//cleartax.in/s/budget2018healtheducationcess]https//cleartax.in/s/budget2018healtheducationcess. Global Fermentation Chemicals Market 2019 Revenue Opportunity Forecast and Value Chain 2026: [removed]. Raghuram Rajan Gave PMO a List of High Profile NPA Fraud Cases but No Action Was Taken. 17 Best FREE Online Courses Providers With Printable Certificates [2020]. SBI card IPO: [removed]. YES Bank to be dropped from Nifty 50 and other Nifty indices from March 19. Tumbling rupee to push up prices of electronic goods. Probe finds Rs 2000 crore missing at Caf Coffee Day after founder Siddharthas suicide. In India Civil Cases Take 13 Years But Presolv360 Has a Better Solution. Yes bank crisis The Enforcement Directorate ED has summoned Reliance Group Chairman Anil Ambani in probe against Rana Kapoor. The Big Picture The Banking Regulation Amendment Bill 2020.. Invocial We believe everyones an influencer: [removed]. ATM loading Debian 8 /. Why people think Fall of Yes Bank is the Best Investment Opportunity of 2020. Easiest MLM way to earn money online in lakhs: [removed]. [SERIOUS] How to earn money to pay rent and food in as student: Hi. Im in 12th next year Im will be undergrad college planning to do Computer science engineering. Im from hyderabad. I want to move out for personal reasons and earn money to make rent and food money and other basic needs. Is there a way that I can earn money in India as student. I know that this is too early for me to move out and some of you are gonna say you will miss the food of your mothers hands and all. But I want to know ia there is a way Is that even possible in a country like India. Know Your Bank is the Mantra to Protect Your HardEarned Money. Sector Wise FDI inflows under Make In India. GST on mobile phones hiked to 18 from 12 some relief on delayed payment. Tree Top Greens is a perfect and safe alternate stay option near golf course road for short or long term traveler in Gurgaon during corporate business meeting or family functions.. Tree Top Greens is finest and pollution free serviced apartments in Gurgaon available on Rent for short as well as long term period for family stay or corporate stay with all modern amenities.. Tree Top Greens have great tariff and good accessibility for short term or long term stay in Gurgaon near udhyog vihar with family members or corporate members during business tour with our well furnished modern amenities and greenish parking environment.. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine India Contact 91 981 584 5454 associat2003yahoo.com. Nagi Diamond Jewellers Amritsar Mumbai... Exquisite designs of Diamond Gold Kundan Pearls Gemstones Platinum Jewellery. Golden Brand Rotary Reel To Sheet Cutter Nc Model / Piv Model / Gear Change Model Golden Mechanical Corporation: [removed]. OBT organised by Vertex at Ranthambore Rajasthan. Moratorium on Yes Bank to be lifted on March 18. Air Conditioning Installation Repair Emergency Services New York Call 1 212.542.0072. 10Step Process to Achieve Financial Freedom Capitalante.com. Top 21 Best Personal Finance Books You Must Read in India. Shakespearean Tragedy at Yes Bank. Private profits at Public expensive Indian Capitalism. A mentally ill person has brain disorder and there is no control over their condition. There are some common mental problems such as autism depression mental impedance cerebral palsy obstruction in learning anxiety disorder etc.. Mental illness is caused by interaction of many genes and other factors such as stress wrong behavior or a tragic event which can affect or cause disease in a person with genetic potential. Selfe Savings Accounts Equitas Small Finance Bank:  SelfeSavings is a digital bank account which can be opened with a web based interactive video form by registering using Aadhaar number PAN and other basic details. You can set up a mobile banking PIN and start using your account immediately. FEATURES Up to 7.5\ Interest Rate No Minimum Balance Required Virtual Debit Card For more details visit [Selfe Savings]https//equitasbank.com/selfesavings.phputmcampaignSavingsamputmmediumSelfesavingsamputmsourceReddit. This is insane advertisement.. People who work for oil trading companies like Vitol Trafigura Glencore as physical traders of oil products. Can you tell me how to learn the basics of this. I want to get into physical commodity trading.: [removed]. Seven investors join SBI to put over Rs 12000 cr into Yes Bank Prashant Kumar proposed as new CEO:  [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/seveninvestorsjoinsbitoputoverrs12000crintoyesbankprashantkumarproposedasnewceo/articleshow/74603685.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/seveninvestorsjoinsbitoputoverrs12000crintoyesbankprashantkumarproposedasnewceo/articleshow/74603685.cms. India Top Leading Smartphone 4th Quarter Sales for 2019. Top 7 Trending Ideas for Business Startup . Check Out HPL Smart Accessories Switches: [removed]. As an NRI with no Indian Income should I pay tax for Intraday Trading gains: In 2018 and early 2019 I indulged myself in some Intraday Trading in NSE. But I barely made any money. Gained some lost some and pretty much evened out before I stopped. I dont have any other incomes and none of my investments have picked up in any way. Actually down by 5L in stocks and mutual funds have gone down to 0.8 overall. Am I supposed to file ITR for this intraday trades I got a tax notice and in the eincome tax compliance portal I selected I didnt file ITR and mentioned im not eligible since im NRI with no income in India. But there another tab which is Information Summary tab and in it something about Income on Securities Transactions and Purchase of Securities Transaction with some numbers next to it all in 10s of lacs which I dont understand. Can anyone help me out with this. Indian Market has recovered since amp trading sideways but Friday the 13th Bear Sentiment will be witnessed for the coming month as well... Fall in Markets still below Global Fall Average.... Corona panic in share market Sensex breaks 3090.62 points. Indiabulls gave 375 crore loan to Kapoors kin to buy property. Last time Indian market hit lower circuit was in 2008. Dont withdraw funds from private banks itll hurt financial stability RBI tells states. Stock markets are in downward spiral right now. CongratsPeople of India for bailing out Yes Bank.: [removed]. Murali Coffee Shop Srirangam Filter Coffee Degree Coffee 2020. Need help please answer my question below: Probably a stupid question. I want to buy a game off steam but my parents wont allow it. So can I buy it using credit card and tell them I bought something off amazon or they will get message saying I bought something from steam or just the amount. If I have 23k INR that I want to invest in stock. How can I do so: Every 23 months I am able to save 23k INR which I want to invest in stocks. I am college student and this is just side venture for me. So how can I do it Thank you in advance.. Property prices in Gurugram and Noida have fallen in last 5 years Report. Will LIC be under major risk of making a default if a million people die from Coronavirus: Is Coronavirus covered under normal LIC policies If so isnt LIC at major risk of defaulting if potentially a million Indian die due to Coronavirus since the liability payout for each persons nominee would be huge. Yes Bank Current Situation. Good NRO accounts with internet banking: Hey guys Im trying to navigate the Indian banking system unsuccessfully. Does anyone know of any good NRO accounts which dont need huge deposits gt100000Rs and has somewhat decent internet banking services. Jobs I can do while being at home: Im an 18 year old college student who wants to make some extra cash part time. Most data entry jobs seems to be a scam asking for your money. Please dont say cam whoring. Please help. Face Brightening Cream: [removed]. Fruit Facial Kit: [removed]. Diamond facial kit: [removed]. Corrugation Plant Machinery Die Punchingcutting Machine Paper Corrugation Machine Golden Mechanical Corporation Automatic Plants Vertical Type Paper Corrugation Machine Corrugated Board Making Plants: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar. How to Deal with Stock Market Crash. Redmis Biggest Online Product Launch ProCamerasMaxPerformance. Nifty Below 10000 Hits Over 2Year Low As Virus Spooks Global Markets 10 Things To Know. Dwindling ethics and lack of transparency are key reasons for crisis in Indian banking sector. Coronavirus scare Fake hand sanitizer plant busted in JampK. Meet the lion kitten dressed as a lion: [deleted]. Cold Forging Machine India. Disney Plus goes live in India with Hotstar. Mega Events and Exhibition Lists in 2020. SBI takes BIG decision its No minimum balance required for savings account. [Business/Finance] Are you a startup looking for funding under 50k: Hi Are you a startup and looking for investment under 50k. If yes then please read below. I am writing a new blog post titled 21 startups looking for funding under 50k Now you might be already aware of that in investment world. Getting funded over 50k cause a lot of financial pain to investors. Hence they are always looking for new startups with less than 50k needs. I use to run a meetup group in Newcastle with more than 1500 members. Out of which I have more than 10 investors from United Kingdom. As I continuously write content related to startups. Some of them reached out to me to curate a list of startups looking for investments less than 50k. So if you are interested to be on my list then please send me following 1. One image of your startup dimensions 1280x720 2. 200 words explaining your startup 3. If you have a website or app link where investors can go and have a look. 4. Your team and business canvas link Optional I will be publishing this blog post end of this month. So please make sure you provide me following asap. Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any queries.. SBI cuts interest rate on savings accounts removes minimum balance requirement. SBI waives minimum balance charges on all savings bank accounts. PASSIONATE ABOUT ALL THINGS TRAVEL: [removed]. SBI cuts interest rate on savings accounts removes minimum balance requirement. A suite fit for The Nizam of Hyderabad the Nizam Suite at Taj Falaknuma Palace. Top 6 InsurTech Companies in India Recognized InsurTech100 2019. Supreme Court of India removed Cryptocurrency ban. Says it doesnt affect Indian Economy. Get ready for an equity linked EPF account [OLD]. A government that is clueless on the economy. Ambani Wadhawan and Chandra The three exbillionaires who said yes to banks fall. Just got scammed. What do I do.: Was registering for comedk 2020 started filling the form everything done. Went to payment. Saw that the payment getaway was legitrazorpay payed 2900 bucks via Paytm upi. Then realized that the page is a scam. Isnt the real comedk site just some consultancy thing. comedk2020.com is the website.. Yes Bank says customers can now pay credit card loans payments from other accounts Times of India. A hoarder and his chihuahua. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Exporters India Super Sujata Brand: [removed]. Nagi Diamond Jewellers Amritsar Mumbai... Exquisite designs of Diamond Gold Kundan Pearls Gemstones Platinum Jewellery. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Supplier Exporter India Amritsar Call 91 998 876 6145 Visit https//www.goldencorrugation.com. After eating 900 mice cat goes on Haj RJio joins Airtel and Vodafone Idea in asking for a floor tariff.. Mukesh Ambani loses Asias richest crown to Jack Ma. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches: [removed]. India was worlds secondlargest arms importer in 201519 Report. The witchhunt against Sanjeev Gupta has to end News Anyway. Djarum Black Seller: [removed]. Online Data Entry Projects Is The Best Option For... Welcome to the official Tumblr Page for Ascent BPO Services. Almost half of Indian startups dont hire women to save on maternity costs Roughly 40 of Indian women complete higher education and join the workforce but drop out within the decade because of family commitments.. NRI in the US and not sending any money to India as an investment because this too shall be surpassed.. Government to Nandan Nilekani Explain failure to fix GSTN glitch Times of India. Sbi Ipo: better to sell on 1st day and book profit .. or hold it for few years ... share your logic behind any answer ..... SBI IPO: [removed]. The actual cost of Yes Bank collapse. NOOBS GUIDE How to Earn Money with Bitcoin Trading in India. NOOBS GUIDE How to Earn Money with Bitcoin Trading in India: [removed]. Birla Navya Gurgaon. Manic Monday Mukesh Ambanis net worth tanks by Rs 44000 crore as RIL sees biggestever drop in 11 years. Sensex sinks 2000 points Nifty below 10500 RIL plunges 10. YES Banks Rs 10800 crore bonds could soon turn into wastepaper. Messy Yes Bank Rescue May Be Costliest Own Goal Since Notes Ban. Sensex Sinks Over 1700 Points As Coronavirus Fears Hurt Global Markets 10 Points. YES Bank crisis Rana Kapoor in ED custody faces Rs 4Kcr kickback probe. Yes Bank Founders Daughter Roshni Kapoor Stopped At Mumbai Airport Before London Visit. Mutual fund advice: Firstly Happy Holi to all... I was a bit curious and a bit worried about the direction the stock market is taking at this moment. What would be reasonable advice for someone invested in mutual funds Aditya Birla amp DSP tax saver Thank you for all the kind help in advance.. YES Banks Rs 10800 crore bonds could soon turn into wastepaper. You can buy/sell anonymously crypto from localcoinswap: [removed]. Happy mothers day from givejoy: [removed]. WTF got Thiago A from ONE silver agent. Second Income Ideas India Earn online in 2020. Ambience Creacions Ambience Creacions Sector 22 Gurgaon. Ambience Creacions Luxury Residential Apartments at Sector 22 Gurgaon: [removed]. YES Bank fallout Additional tier1 bondholders plan legal action. E toh sala hona hi tha. Explained Why did Yes Bank have to be bailed out. YES Bank. ELI5 Why is INR going downhill compared to USD: I am reading multiple reasons for it but dont understand them. Curious to know what are the main reasons by weightage that are responsible for it.. Best Theme Party Decoration Noida Delhi/NCR Faridabaad Gurgaon Ghaziabaad.: [removed]. SUPER SUJATA Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine India Manufacturer Supplier and Exporter Die Punching Machine Victoria Die Cutting Machine Hand Fed Platen. God cant withdraw money but Gujjus can 265crore withdrawn just before RBI morturium.. Reliance Jio Airtel replaces default caller tune with a coughing sound to spread Corona virus awareness. Mukesh Ambanis Jio wants to increase data prices to 20 per GB. SKA Metroville 2/3bhk Apartment in Greater Noida West. YES Bank Collapse Rana Kapoor faces money laundering charges ED raids residence. Nagi Diamond Jewellers Amritsar Mumbai... Exquisite designs of Diamond Gold Kundan Pearls Gemstones Platinum Jewellery: [removed]. Golden Brand Rotary Reel To Sheet Cutter Nc Model / Piv Model / Gear Change Model Golden Mechanical Corporation: [removed]. YES Bank moratorium crisis impact on UPI transactions amp startups. N95 Face Mask Buy Face Masks Affordable Price. DeMo 2.0 Huge crowds outside YES BANK Ghaziabad.. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches. This company withdrew Rs 265 crore from Yes Bank a day before RBI imposed moratorium. Government invites bids for sale of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd.. Credit debit cards online use facility to be disabled by March 16 2020 if never used till then. Economy falls test case designed by smt.. SKA Metro Ville 2BHK and 3BHK appartment in Greater Noida Location map. Analysis The U.S.India trade deal fell through. What happens now. How to get investment for Startup in India Invest in Startup voifs.net: [removed]. Girl with a broken neck builds a 30000 crore Indian mutual fund house. Make in India now. YES Bank Crisis. Yes Bank crisis Sitharaman blames stressed loans under UPA Chidambaram hits back. Indian payment gateways announce restriction of payments for merchant accounts in Yes Bank. As coronavirus pandemic spreads demand for remotework startups spikes. ED raids YES Bank founder Rana Kapoors residence. Concern Over Puri Jagannath Temples Rs 545 Crore Deposited In Yes Bank. best players ever. Explain it like Im a 5 year old What is with all this Yes Bank scam: [removed]. PhonePes response to PayTms Tweet after Yes Bank crisis . RBIs move to take control of YES Bank puts Mutual Funds on the edge. Is digibank safe: On seeing the collapse of banks and limitations on withdrawal I am fearing is is even safe to keep money in digibank by DBS They offered significantly higher interest rates to being in customers which makes me think whether it would it collapse after few years and desert the customers. India remove crypto ban buy amp sell from localcoinswap: [removed]. AT1 bond investors of YES Bank are not getting their money back. Lord Jagannaths Rs 545 crore now stuck in Yes Bank.. Reliance Jio Wants to Hike Data Prices to Rs 20 per GB. Jio Seeks Data Price Hiked to Rs. 20 per GB Over 6 Months. Headlines Nirmala Sitharaman says there will be no loss to depositors of Yes Bank and other news. Is Money Safe In YES BANK why yes bank shares are falling yes bank st.... Purchase/Sale of Capital Instruments by PROI Person Resident Outside India of an Indian company. Yes Bank just fell massively. What now What happens to our money Anyone with a finance background please help.: Yes Bank stocks crashed. All the money of my family is in there mostly FDs. My moms freaking out badly. Anyone who knows about this in proper detail preferably someone from the banking sector please help me. What happens to our money now. SBI May Invest Atleast Rs 12000 Crore For 49 Stake As Per Yes Bank Draft Reconstruction Scheme. Yes Bank Bad Loan Exposure. Bank strike for three days again next month over salary hike 5day work week. Ball By Ball Updates On Yes Bank: [removed]. Yes Bank Under RBIs 30Day Moratorium Indian GDP To Take a Hit. RBI announces revival scheme for Yes Bank 10 points. Yes Bank Crash Are other banks safe Analysis on The DeshBhakt with Akash Banerjee. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters India Jaikar Jaw Crusher Coal Crusher Grinding Mill Vibrating Equipments Conveyor Belts: [removed]. Yes Bank plunges 60 panicked depositors rush to withdraw funds. Die Punching Machine India Ravi Engineering Works. Most appropriate solution for current crisis. Want to help ypur family in India Try this: [removed]. Paper Cutting Machine Programmable Paper Cutting Machine Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Semi Automatic Paper Cutting Machine Fully Automatic Paper Cutting Machines with Worm Gear. YesBank and Depositors Scenario: [removed]. Best gaming laptop on 50offer...8gb ram 1050ti graphics......... TDS Surveys by Income Tax Department unearths huge defaults in deduction and deposit.. Birthday Party Decoration Noida Delhi/NCR Faridabaad Gurgaon Ghaziabaad: [removed]. Question I can understand government to come and bailout a nationalised bank why are they bailing out a private bank They privatize their profits and socialize their losses.: Isnt it common sense that while putting your money in a PRIVATE BANK you are accepting the risk that comes with it. RBI has ordered SBI to bail out Yes Bank. Why should SBI take over private investment Investors/Depositors should have done their due diligence about Yes Bank before putting money there. The whole point of Deposit Insurance Rs 1 lakh which increased to Rs 5 lakh in next year was to protect investors for such events. While the situation is very unfortunate SBI should NOT BAILOUT PRIVATE INVESTMENTS YOU CANT PRIVATIZE YOUR PROFITS AND SOCIALIZE YOUR LOSSES. New affidavit in Indiabulls case accuses Yes Bank of dubious loans of thousands of crores [Nov 2019].  . Is anyone else feeling panicky after reading news about YES bank : [removed]. Now that crypto trade is legal in India:  Now that crypto trade is legal in India Read more at [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/nowthatcryptotradeislegalinindiahereswhathappensnext/articleshow/74485025.cmsutm\sourcecontentofinterestamputm\mediumtextamputm\campaigncppst]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/nowthatcryptotradeislegalinindiahereswhathappensnext/articleshow/74485025.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. Yes Bank Withdrawals Capped At Rs 50000 RBI Takes Over Board. How To Start Import/Export Business ImportExportMentor. Govt limits withdrawals from Yes Bank at Rs 50000. YES Bank Govt limits deposit withdrawal to Rs 50000. Indian Supreme Court Says No to Central Banks Crypto Ban. Labor contractor. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Exporters India Super Sujata Brand: [removed]. Give Optimum Protection ToYour Pet With Collar Belt. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Supplier Exporter India Amritsar Call 91 998 876 6145 Visit https//www.goldencorrugation.com. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches: [removed]. Deadly Riots in Delhi Have Investors Rethinking Indias Future. Whats the best way to secure funds for graduate studies abroad: Hello guys Have any of you secured a loan for graduate studies recently I am mainly looking into prodigy finance for a loan but I am also interested in hearing the experiences youve had with securing loans from other sources as well as paying it off.. Stanza Living to invest 150 crore to tap working professionals segment. Flipkart cofounder Sachin Bansals wife files dowry harassment case against him. Air Vistaras Business Class on Boeing 7879. Air Vistaras Business Class on Boeing 7879. Govt asks SBI to form consortium to buy stake in YES Bank Report. superheroesintheircapestheoneswhofought. Indian financial system is broken and favours fraudsters like Mallya amp HDIL. All Banks In India Find IFSC MICR Codes Address All Bank Branches in India for NEFT RTGS ECS allIFSCode.com.  : [removed]. Noob question but when were already paying income tax why do we pay GST or whatever applicable tax on everything we purchase as well: [removed]. Electronic banking Indian banks: Hey guys Im having a bit of trouble finding a bank with easy to use and reliable online banking services. Any recommendations. After love amp work Ratan Tata opens up about life postretirement. India Overturns Ban on Trading Cryptocurrencies. Finally a relief. Finally: cryptocurrency SC allows trade in cryptocurrency quashes RBI curb The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/markets/stocks/news/scallowstradeincryptocurrencyquashesrbicurbonuse/articleshow/74470078.cms. Finally: cryptocurrency SC allows trade in cryptocurrency quashes RBI curb The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/markets/stocks/news/scallowstradeincryptocurrencyquashesrbicurbonuse/articleshow/74470078.cms. Cabinet Approves Merger Of 10 Public Sector Banks Into Four. Oyo another WeWork Not likely as startup shifts goal. Todays Share market Summary and Predictions. Here are 4 ways to Buy Bitcoin in India.. Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Paper Corrugation Machine Oblique Type Paper Corrugation Machine Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/ Corrugated Box Making Machine: [removed]. Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Exporters India Jaikar Industry Private Limited: [removed]. Indian Supreme Court lifts RBI ban on trading in cryptocurrency. Paper Cutting Machine Programmable Paper Cutting Machine Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Semi Automatic Paper Cutting Machine Fully Automatic Paper Cutting Machines with Worm Gear: [removed]. hair plus oil: [removed]. Supreme Court Sets Aside RBI Circular That Curbed Cryptocurrencies In India. Supreme Court ends RBIs 2018 ban on banks dealing in cryptocurrency. Best HVAC Services in New York HVAC Repair Maintenance near me nyc HVAC Contractors HVAC Companies Winter Maintenance Heating Ventilation And air conditioning HVAC Duct Cleaning HVAC Maintenance Nyc Commercial HVAC Contractors Call Hitechcentral Air Inc Call 718 5777875. Does a joint account attract minimum balance penalties: I had a joint account in Bank of India and applied for closure and surrendered the passbook in 2018. I got a message 2 days back that some money is credited to that account. On inquiry at the bank they told that THEY FORGOT TO CLOSE THE ACCOUNT. As I needed a brand new account anyway I decided to continue that account. It has been inactive for a year with zero balance. But my mothers account is joined to it and it has been used extensively. So my question is does my account attract minimum balance penalties if yes how much. The memorial to the thousands who died in the Bhopal Union Carbide tragedy. This is oddly symbolic of modern Indias situation A fenced and forgotten memorial surrounded by trash in the middle of a slum.. Rupee in free fall: [removed]. Top 10 Advertising Companies or Agencies Delhi for Creative Ad Agencies India. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Exporters India Super Sujata Brand: [removed]. Nagi Diamond Jewellers Amritsar Mumbai... Exquisite designs of Diamond Gold Kundan Pearls Gemstones Platinum Jewellery. Financial projection assistant company: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar: [removed]. GST registration for Proprietorship: I am trying to do a GST registration for Proprietorship Just to add I plan to sell on Amazon India. Also I plan to operate from my home. Now my question is the home is actually owned by my fatherinlaw. So under the Nature of possession of premises what should I select and what documents would be required . Spying on the Scammers [Part 1/4]. Urgent advice needed. GST related.: I worked in a company for a few months last year. Then I quit and freelanced. Now my total income of the financial year is more than 20l however more than half of it was from the salary I earned. So do I have to register for GST Also if in case my freelance income alone has crossed 20l keeping aside the money I earned from salary and I am not a registered GST user yet will i have to pay penalty. Redmi Note 9 set to launch in India on 12 March Expected Price in India Specifications amp Features. Income Tax Slabs amp Rates FY20202021 in India. Are you finding the HYIP website where you can invest money. Best Branding amp Advertising Design Agency in Chennai Arctur Creatives: Arctur Creatives One of the Best Branding amp Advertising Company in Chennai. We also do Logo Design Graphic Design Web Design amp Development and Digital Marketing Services with best Quality and Cost effective.. Digital Marketing Course in Hyderabad Digital Marketing Training. Post Press Machines Paper Cutting Binding Contact 9198148 88844 preetmachinerygmail.com: [removed]. Need lawyer suggestions.: My partner and I were hired by a USbased firm as independent contractors. Unfortunately we were both let go of today citing performance reasons. I have got my payment for the month. But they are asking for my partners payment back saying they are not satisfied with the work. The contract that they sent and we signed mentions no such thing about payments. Only that they reserve the right to terminate us if theyre not satisfied. I need suggestions for lawyers who specialize in these sorts of cases so we can contest that and get what we are owed for the work hours put in. Sidenote on the call the guy even threatened to badmouth my partner on his Facebook group of marketing people. He sent a vaguely threatening email after that alluding to the same thing.. ICAR inks pact with Patanjali for farm research training. peripheral artery disease treatment in Hyderabad Vascular Care. varicose veins treatment in hyderabad vascularcare center. Consult best vascular surgeon in Hyderabad Vascular Care Center. Advanced vascular surgery in Hyderabad Vascular Care Center. Vascular surgeon in Hyderabad Endovascular surgery vascularcare. For all those who are interested to buy SBI Cards IPO here are all the details along with the list of Anchor investors who are allotted with Rs. 2800 Crores of shares. The IPO will be starting from 2nd of March and will end on 5th March.. Truckers owners pay Rs 48000 crore a year in bribes. BPCL valuation too high Vedanta will evaluate bid Anil Agarwal. Sharfly Launches Its Own Social Media Platform Seen As A Safer Facebook Alternative:  An excellent and viable [alternative to Facebook]https//sharfly.com Sharfly has launched its own social media platform with almost the same features but without the censorship. Officially launched on January 1st 2020 Sharfly is a new social media platform with almost the same features as Facebook but without the data mining advertisements or account bans. The website provides users control of their accounts and allows them to choose from a public feed or friends only feed. But the similarity ends there. By using a reputation system with likes and dislikes for the public feed users are not subjected to dubious content. If a post gets 9 meaning 9 dislikes and no likes it will be automatically removed. This is something that a lot of Facebook users have been clamoring about for years. With absolutely no advertising we have grown quickly to over 1000 daily members in a short amount of time said Cale Allen owner and founder of Sharfly. Our main goal is to provide a social media site without data mining advertisements or censorship. We strongly believe in freedom of speech security and privacy he added. Updated on 20th of January 2020 Sharflys privacy policy specifically states that We are uncompromising about trust respect and integrity. You own your personal information amp content. Just like Facebook Sharfly also has its own version of groups pages and marketplace but they added a blogging platform for every user who wants to start their own blogs. And with the growing popularity of paid content Sharfly integrated its own affiliate system. By referring someone to the website and convinced them to upgrade to a premium account you will be receiving 10 of the monthly fees for life. Sharfly is also planning to add a store system similar to Ebays stores and it is already in the drawing table. But unlike these popular online stores there will be no fees and all sales will go directly to the users PayPal Account. Currently Sharflys team is developing a system for schedule posting for groups pages and profiles. If only all FB users will have the tenacity to cut their ties with Facebook maybe they would realize how Facebook is treating its users with virtual contempt and privacy breach with its content censorship and unwanted advertising.. Pi Network Cryptocurrency: gtPi Network is a new cryptocurrency that you can easy mine with your Phone without using battery.We still very early so dont waste time and start mine now.Remember btc was worth 0 in the early days.Developed by a team of Stanford PhDs and graduates.Download the Pi Network app from Play Store or APP Store and add my Invite code lebougas to join Pi Network.Start mining before the next halving.. pay respects. Feels like Riding back to few years.. Oracle Fusion HCM Online Training. Food delivery biz heats up as Amazon set to disrupt SwiggyZomato duopoly. Pilots for Amazons food delivery platform are underway across five highdensity pin codes in Bengaluru. Food delivery biz heats up as Amazon set to disrupt SwiggyZomato duopoly. Pilots for Amazons food delivery platform are underway across five highdensity pin codes in Bengaluru. Worst week for Indian shares since 2009 as pandemic fears grow. Coronavirus Hit Mukesh Ambani loses 5 billion Ajim Premji 869 million Adani 496 million. How to Know Benefits of Axis Bank Saving Account .... Entrepreneurship Development Program. dilBus Services India Private Limited. Online learning management software: [removed]. SBI Cards IPO to open on March 2.... Sensex Plunges Over 1300 Points Nifty Slumps Below 11250 As Coronavirus Spooks Global Markets. Transformation to Microsoft cloud offerings Microsoft azure services. Jeff Bezos teams up with Narayana Murthy to enter Indias food delivery biz. India Govt. Tax Portal Or Market Trending Software: [removed]. Market LIVE Bloodbath on DStreet Sensex crashes nearly 1200 points. AGR Voda Idea seeks hike in mobile data to Rs 35 per GB calls to 6p a min. Whereas current mobile internet prices are in the range of Rs 45 per GB. Nifty Nifty 50 Nifty 50 Live Bank Nifty Sensex Opening Today 28 FEB 2020. Pi Network Cryptocurrency: [removed]. Make Money Online For FREE Doing NOTHING. IKEA says it wont raise prices in India after import tax hikes. IKEA says it wont raise prices in India after import tax hikes. IKEA says it wont raise prices in India after import tax hikes. LIC agents earn Rs 14220 cr in AprDec 2019 twice as much as MF sellers. A person is duping my friends. That person is claiming that he received cash by investing in some investmentscheme by showing my friend his bank message a message with a UTR No. Now how do I verify if its correct. I dont know the that persons account number: Is it possible. Acne Treatment in Bangalore: The myth that acne only affects teenagers is long gone now adults are facing acne and they can be more problematic for adults as they are for children. So if you are really bothered by acne and want to get the best and most sophisticated [acne treatment in Bangalore]https//www.drdivyasharma.com/acne/ visit Dr. Divya Skin amp Hair Solution and consult Dr. Divya Sharma. She is the best dermatologist in Bangalore and aims to provide comprehensive solutions and excellence in dermatology pediatric dermatology and trichology. Dont let adult acne affect your skin or your confidence.. Easiest Way to Start Cash Withdrawal Business Using AEPS Ideas. Custom software development services India: [removed].  15 1970 2017 . Why solar cables instead of the regular ones: [removed]. How to find the best electrical switch for your home. DStreet Buzz Metal stocks tumble led by JSW Steel YES Bank up 2 VIX jumps..... Big tech honeymoon with India is ending:  [https//www.cnn.com/2020/02/26/tech/indiainternetregulationtechindustry/index.html]https//www.cnn.com/2020/02/26/tech/indiainternetregulationtechindustry/index.html Interesting read.. Nifty Nifty 50 Nifty 50 Live Bank Nifty Sensex Opening Today 27 FEB 2020. Please advice on registering a Sole Proprietorship firm: Im going to register a Sole Proprietorship firm Chennai along with GST registration for my software business. Basically I build custom business applications along with websites graphic designs etc. Im also going to sell stuffs online soon. I sometimes work with foreign clients and they pay me in USD via Paypal. So I need advice on a few things. 1. Can I register for GST myself My CA friend told that a person with Sole Proprietorship business can themselves apply for GST if they follow the steps on the GST website. 2. Is Shop License registration mandatory for my business My business is mostly online. I have got rental agreement from a friends dad for a spare room in his building. Ill be mostly working from home and the location is Chennai Tamilnadu. 3. Do I need to apply for Letter of Undertaking for billing foreign clients 4. Do I need to register for MSME What are the benefits Please guide me. Thanks in advance.. Teaching basics of investment: [removed]. Can someone please tell what should I do: Question on Quora Some people are trying to forcefully construct a road through other side of my land.I had given them some of my land worth 30lk for free to construct a previous road which I and them still use. What measures can I take to protect my la https//www.quora.com/unanswered/SomepeoplearetryingtoforcefullyconstructaroadthroughothersideofmylandIhadgiventhemsomeofmylandworth30lkforfreetoconstructapreviousroadwhichIandthemstilluseWhatmeasurescanIch99ampshare11128683ampsriduWSFn. pretty cool training to start making money as a freelancer 2020: [removed]. What is Venture Capital How its work How to become a venture capitalist Voice of India for Startups. HPL India Speciality Cables. Need Advice on Term Policy: Im planning to buy one and need advice if it is safe to buy the plans offered by private sector or should I just stick to LIC. Top 10 FMCG Companies in India. Ways to set Good Sleep Habits in Your Child. How to write thank you letter to teacher. Nifty Nifty 50 Nifty 50 Live Bank Nifty Sensex Opening Today 26 FEB 2020. [OFFER] will give istructions to get virtual mastercard: I will give you instructions on how to get virtual mastercard in just 24 hours and it can be linked to paypal and use it to shop anywhere And will active the card if needed Just pm me. JioMicrosoft partnership will define this decade Mukesh Ambani. Anyone got english board paper leak: [removed]. Deal or No Deal Will Indias Economy Stand to Prosper From Trumps Visit. Will telecom sector crisis also affect broadband internet companies: Now that a lot of telecom companies are in debt do you think itll also affect the broadband sector. Subreddit for Indian financial markets : [removed]. HDFC Life Bandhan Bank Info Edge shares gain 4. unsubscribing from 99Acres is more complicated that you thought. Cred is the bestdesigned Indian app and also a promising business idea. India is now the worlds 5th largest economy leapfrogging France and the UK As recently as 2010 India was in 9th place trailing countries such as Brazil and Italy. Indias rise is even more dramatic across the past 25 years. Since 1995 the countrys nominal GDP has jumped more than 700.. Microsofts vision for India. colorized meme. Coughing cat meme know your meme FoxyDoor.Com. Dhanlaxmi Bank shares surge 19 after RBI approves appointment of MD. How India is Helping to Amazon to get them as Next Big Bank. You guys on Cred yet I love discovering new brands on the app.: [removed]. Shop Property Expo 2020 The biggest Real Estate event only in Gurgaon Call 91 9650771333. Hi Vijay:  We are running a startup [https//www.rtiguru.com/]https//www.rtiguru.com/ which is an online service to file RTI application. We use PayTM as our payment gateway. I just want to say that Thanks a lot for the AMA.. We craft luxurious trendy Tshirts using worlds finest cotton: ampx200B [img]q5i6vd19ati41 We craft luxurious trendy Tshirts using worlds finest cotton 100 Organic Supima cotton that is versatile strong amp light. Our Tshirts are sure to make you look good and in turn help keep the planet looking good as well. Be worthy think earthy For our exquisite Tshirt collection Call 91 9481171000. Interview with Satyen Kothari a 5x Entrepreneur and Founder of Cube Wealth. Nifty Nifty 50 Nifty 50 Live Bank Nifty Sensex Opening Today 24 FEB 2020. List of 150 Venture Capital Firms in India. Investments Valuation amp Losses The Dirty Game Of Startups In India. Is Paytm Involved In Tax Stealing amp Playing Around With Indian Tax System Fooling Around Government amp Public. The Jumbo Circus Going On In OYO With The Ring Master Ritesh Agarwal. What percentile do I need to get into top tier IIMs with 92 in 10th 80 in 12 and 62 in graduation with no work experience: What percentile do I need to get into top tier IIMs with 92 in 10th 80 in 12 and 62 in graduation with no work experience. Taxi Service for outstation In Chandigarh: [removed]. Advanced Digital Marketing Training Institute in Hyderabad Ameerpet: Digital Floats Institute offers Advanced Digital Marketing Training Course in Hyderabad with 19 Modules 9 Recognized Certifications and giving chance to work on Real Time Projects.For Demo 9177 59 24 24. Located in Hyderabad Telangana. We Provide Advanced Digital Marketing Training With 100 Placement Assistance.. ICICI Bank and IIBF: Is ICICI Bank a member of IIBF My sister is currently working in ICICI BANK. She want to give JAIIB exam but she is unable to apply for ordinary membership as ICICI Bank is not present in the list. My confusion here is if ICICI Bank really not a memeber of IIBF. Best PGDM Colleges in South India Rajalakshmi School of Business. Excel income tax calculator for 202021 comparison between old vs new. Top 3 Tips to Grow a Six Figure Creative Business. Am I the only one whos happy . Loan and interest is unpayable after my dads demise need financial advice if any possible: Mods thanks for letting me post here but if there is a more appropriate place I should be posting this rather than here... Okay now heres the story My dad passed away last November and since then it has been a problem to maintain our bills and it certainly doesnt help that we are under a big home loan which my dad and mom took couple of years ago and wasnt able to pay because my father lost his job then he did try to get a job now and then... And he manage to earn some money to help with the loan and mine and my sisters study.. my mom also used to work 2 shifts 910 hours 2 different jobs... But now the situation after my dad passed away is.. I m a student grade 12 And my mom only works one job in the morning because she isnt comfortable anymore.. my moms salary is less than the salary we should be paying for the loan per month he didnt have any life insurance the money my mom earns goes into helping with bills maintainance etc. My school fees I do have my grandparents with ample amount of money to help us but for what ever reason they arent helping right now it could be the fact if he helps with such an high amount the members in the family might expect him to divide his wealth next And I personally dont want that kind of strain in our family.. so we arent pushing that idea home.. And the problem is not the home loan but the other loan we took from different banks to pay are existing loans bad decision i know Anyways what i want to know is that if their is any way we could be helped in this situation with any law or a program launched government of some sorts i just need financial advice on what should be the next step so their is not a lot of burden on my mom... I will be glad to have any help. Finding Digital marketing services. SBI Cards IPO to open on March 2. Indian Entrepreneur creating a new product: [removed]. Balaji Estate Dombivli. What are all the updates and information to the visit of Trump to Ahmedabad India: [removed]. Disney Hotstar India Release Date Announced. interior decorators in pune: [removed]. Find Jobs in Canada at 2020. Who ruined Indias telecom story and why we call it the decadeold curse of Rs 1.76 lakh crore. unique web hub: [removed]. Query regarding mode of payment to one time employees which will be tax deductible: [removed]. Suggestion regarding mode of payment and hiring.: [removed]. AGR shock Indias secondlargest telco Vodafone Idea stares at bankruptcy. Puri Jagannath Tour from Chennai Yatrikatours.com: [removed]. Telecom crisis Why India should consider buying embattled Vodafone Idea and merging it with BSNL. GDP / India becomes the 5th largest economy in the world climbing two places to leave Britain and France behind. DRIVER JOB IN DUBAI: [removed]. DRIVER JOB IN DUBAI. Mystery around Gujarat PSU transfer of Rs 250 crore to Canadian firm Karnalyte. WHAT IS ONLINE LIBRARY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM: [removed]. Free lending app for windows and linux: [http//go.microsoft.com/fwlink/LinkId532540ampmstoken96T6P99JPYHK6MJRGGMDFMVCZ]http//go.microsoft.com/fwlink/LinkId532540ampmstoken96T6P99JPYHK6MJRGGMDFMVCZ. Changes in GST return filing.. Latest India Business News 18th February 2020 Today business News. Ojas Ayushveda: [removed]. If Vodafone Idea Disconnects India Picks Up The Bill. Bungalow in Mahabaleshwar by Arowanavilla: [removed]. A sturdy tool that makes an architects life simple and easy: [removed]. It maybe time to book profits Stock hitting new highs with low volumes. In India the iPhone is discounted up to 60 OFF.. Pi Network Cryptocurrency: [removed]. Can I get an extra amount in an education loan to clear a personal loan about 5 lakhs asking specifically for an SBI scholar loan if admission is in IIM. Personal Loan Apply For Personal Loan Online at Low Interest. Business Loan Instant Approval for Business Loan Online. Rhino Finance Now Get Fast amp Easy Loans. AGR issue Bharti Airtel pays Rs 10000 crore to govt as part of outstanding dues. ELI5 Telecom AGR dues: [removed]. Maruti cares more about mileage than the passengers. Why SEO is Important for Website. Maruti Kitne jaane leti hai:  [Maruti rejects Global NCAP]https//gaadiwaadi.com/marutisuzukiwillnotsenditscarsforglobalncapcrashtests/amp/. Union Budget 2020 Reactions. Criminal Lawyer Shilpi Das and Ak Legal Advisors. Birla Estates Navya: Birla Estates Navya 3/4 BHK New Low Rise Residential Floors on Golf Course Extn Road Sector 63A Gurgaon. Birla Estates Navya Gurgaon is probably the best venture in the region and will have astounding degrees of profitability for purchasers. The zone is relied upon to see an expansion sought after soon so book your property now call 9811750130 for Booking. Guidance in mutual funds: I am a 19y/o student from Delhi. I recently heard about SIP investment. I thought why not to take this chance and lets do it as it could help me in future like buying a car or a house or maybe in my wedding lol. So the maximum i can invest monthly is 500 1000and for lets take 3 or 5 year. I want someone to guide me and tell me their experience in SIP investment so that i dont sound like a full dumb in front of the bank manager or agent. Ive also watched couple of videos on youtube as well. Also Delhi Govt is giving loan of 5 lakh for high school pass students those who scored more than 70 for 3 years and with no interest. and student have to pay this amount after 3 years so this SIP can also help me in paying off the loan amount. Obviously i will not spend Complete 5 lakh on my education Ill only spend around 2.25 lakh or something. Please i am thinking to start this SIP from the next month.. Warning signs cropping up in crypto sphere amid 2020 resurgence. LIC disinvestment Outrageous idea. Centre favoured telcos by deferring recovery of dues Congress. Shop for Best Minimiser Bra Online for Women with Heavy Breastsonaebuy. I found this perfect playlist for background music as I work. Makes concentration easier and makes the day a little brighter. Hope it helps some of you. Love to India Headspace healing instrumentals on Spotify. Adani Group Airport Authority of India ink pacts for managing Ahmedabad and two other airports. Documents on delivery. MOVE TO US UK AND CANADA. Telecom AGR Latest News DoT orders telecom companies to clear AGR dues by midnight India Business News Times of India. Zerodha Takes on SEBIs Job Warns Investors of Market Manipulation. Dreamery Dairy Products FonterraFuture Dairy. Entirely New and Fully Equipped cabins now available at Starthub Nation Foothills Panchkula. A 24/7 working PlugandPlay office for startups and entrepreneurs with all the required amenities. How Aqua pearl water purifier is best for us. I request banks to take back 100 of their principal amount Vijay Mallya. Job in Dubai: [removed]. Alert Bank strike to hit services for six days in March. Eduvogue Best Digital Marketing course near me Job guarantee courses for freshers in Mumbai Pune Vashi. Get Best Moving Service Provider Saaya Movers and Packers in Ahmedabad. India Inflation Seen Peaking Opens Room for Interest Rate Reduction. What is the common warehouse problem and how to solve it: Warehouse plays crucial role as well as high in demand in todays market. Most of people get anxious when they have to shift their goods/supplies to another location or storing their belongings in a safe secure location. And business entrepreneurs also require warehouse for storing their good. What if there some issues in your warehouse that can lead to complete loss of confidence towards your clients. You might believe minor problem wont affect your storage facility since you have top security features. Minor issues can cause you major problem which you wont be able to handle in future. There some common problems in warehouses which dont get much attention as they deserve. These common errors can cause delay in operating your warehouse which will make your clients uneasy. Let us explore the common warehouse mistakes and find a proper solution to it. Most of the employees struggle to unload the goods/ supplies to the warehouse where we can use forklift that specially designed to operate in narrow tight places plus reduces work load. The next one is picking the order placed at higher level You will have to need a vertical reach. Most of the employees does this manually which is kind of risky. To avoid this we can use order picking equipment which works for all kinds of high low medium levels. some drawbacks will be there if we depend entirely on electronic equipment basically can be solved by changing their batteries. by installing with lithium ion batteries which charges much faster and require no maintenance. Regarding transportation employees will need to transport items from one location to another. Which takes up valuable time that can be spent on another tasks. Consider your warehouse equipped with weasel it is convincing system which helps automated carts navigate an optical tracking system to move goods around the warehouse Last but not least costly refueling spending too much time and money for your vehicles to keep fueled and charged. The alternative for this is hydrogen. Loading your entire vehicle with hydrogen soon you will have the ability to create your own fuel right at your facility. On top of that instant refueling will eliminate unwanted time you can claim space for any further storage. Website https//safestorage.in/ Phone No 8088848484 08041121686 Contact Us SAFE STORAGE infosafestorage.in 21 Samarpan enclave ECC Road Whitefield Bangalore Karnataka 560066. How will 5 health cess on medical equipment imports calculated: We are paying 7.5 as custom duty So will the 5 health cess make overall payout as 12.5 or will it be 7.5 5 of 7.5. Best Birthday party planning services in Noida: [removed]. Not just houseboats now Kerala tourists can enjoy Uru fat boats. Qnet MLM fruad: Recently I was approached by one of my flatmates say A for a business opportunity. He said his seniors are looking for someone to join their business and I am the first one who came to his mind. I thought it would be unwise to say no without even looking at the opportunity so I said yes I would meet this senior. Now I knew he invested in some business and was quite busy and kept telling us that hes learning a lot and its once in a lifetime opportunity so clearly I was excited to be a part of such business. So I go to Starbucks to a mall nearby with A to meet this senior guy lets call him VK. While I was waiting with A he kept talking about how awesome VK is and how much I am going to enjoy talking with him. So this guy VK comes and I meet him starts with some chitchat. After some chitchat he asks me 3 things Do I have capital or am I willing to take a loan approx. 35 lakhs INR I said yes I do have capital. Will I consult with someone before investing I said yes I will consult my friend AM before investing as hes quite knowledgeable and I trust him. Then VK tries to convince me that I shouldnt because most will tell me what theyve heard and might not be in my best interested. Why do I want to do a business ltSome legit reasongt Now he started telling me some stuff from business books and being a guy from technical background all that fascinated me. After a lot of business lecture he comes on what this company Qnet does. He said they have some exclusive products theyve been there for 22 years they sponsor some football club etc. etc. and to enter this business I have to buy a product and sell it to 2 of my friends and the moment he drew a tree I knew its a pyramid scheme but I also knew A is not idiot he wouldve invested after thinking I assumed as he is from IIT Roorkee and I knew him since 8 months so I kept on listening thinking there might be some catch and all. During all this discussion he kept asking why I want to do a business most probably to make me feel that this is the moment that can change my life. He starts showing off how close his mentor is to him and how everyone helps out each other and his mentor have a big house and they hang out with her and have fun etc. etc. After this he starts showing me calculations how I am going to be a rich in an year. After this he said I should invest in this business it would be better if I do it on a loan as it will be the motivation and kept on pushing me that I should atleast lock my position now as if someone else comes before me they will get more commission then me a classic impulse selling technique . They pushed me multiple times to lock the position which I considered as red flag but I subtly declined subtle as I live with A and dont want to make things awkward by being rude to the people matter to him. So I came home started doing some research and found out a case is running in supreme court high court declared them illegal and their original website is blocked by GOI. Supreme court gave bail to the people arrested so Qnet will use that as selling point. Dodged a bullet here. I would love to know if you have crossed your path with this entity and how was your experience. Here is public notice by Department of ConsumerAffairs [https//consumeraffairs.nic.in/sites/default/files/fileuploads/latestnews/Public20notice.pdf]https//consumeraffairs.nic.in/sites/default/files/fileuploads/latestnews/Public20notice.pdf TLDR Approached by Qnet for investing in pyramid scheme I declined instant payment came home and researched and found out that I dodged a bullet.. CBI Books Educomp Solutions for Allegedly Defrauding Banks of Rs 1955 Crore. MBA from abroad.: Is doing MBA Finance field from abroad is as good as doing MBA Finance from a good BSchool in India Good in the sense that does it provide job opportunities. I know reputation of college in abroad matters but is this the only deciding factor. Hdfc bank shared my debt information and demanded payment from a family member not a joint account: [removed]. Bharti Airtel Subsidiary Plan to Raise Additional 1780 Crore Via Perpetual Bonds. Smart business box 300 Ready To Use Business Documents amp Template: [removed]. Solar company busimess model. Financial Education in India.: [removed]. DMarts now bigger than Bajaj Finserv Nestle owner Damani 6th richest in India. How I made money selling my pictures online: [removed]. thepantystore.com is on sale. manipalcafe.com is on sale. Buying from foreign ecommerce sites may get costlier: [removed]. I have clothing business idea but dont know where to start .: I want to open a small clothing brand to sell online but dont have any idea about where start like where to buy clothing material or how much does will it cost overall any help is appreciated.. Exclusive India readying 2.6 billion U.S. naval helicopter deal ahead of Trump trip. Tips related to career. how to start a business start up in India. step by step guide.. JBS SERENE RESORTS: [removed]. JB SERENE CITY:  JBs Serene City is a mega township look like a American City on nagarjuna sagar highhway facing 6 track road plots amp villas for sale in Adibatla fast growthing locality jb serene city is overall largest project in hyderabad with HMDA approved amp going on villas constrction. 540 acers township more than 5000 plots in plots sizes 200 300 400 500 600 amp 1000 sq.yrd. With solar fencing this prime and prestigious residential township is located on the main road. 70 to 80 Bank loans are available in our project. 80 60 40 amp 33feet wide blacktop roads under ground cabling electricity under ground drainage system amp Adequate water supply with overhead tank very near to Adibatla IT SEZ BDL OCTOPUS TCS COGNIZANT 1000 acers TATA AERO SPACE TATA ADVANCED SYSTEMS TATA AERO PARKamp 12500 acers pharmaceuticals. Entire layout compound wall with solar fencing Partial construction done with boundary walls. 24/7 security Swimming pool with 5acers in 22000sqft Club House and Lifetime Membership Free Transform your dream into reality by buying a plot here and experience higher returns in short time. This gated colony is facilitated with Krishna water supply street lights tight security and power back up that add to the prime reasons to choose this property. lavish greenery and parks are developed in this gated community to offer modern lifestyle in the serene city green environs. project surrounding development Tata Aerospace Samuha engineering BDL NSG Octopus Sikorsky and 1000 acres Aerospace park are located in this project. Beside Gurunanak Engineering College amp more then 50 engineering B.tech PHARMA amp fashion designing colleges. this township is close to Hitech City 2 consisting of TCS Cognizant and Situated in Ibrahimpatnam near Adibatla the location is fast developing because 6 tracks road facing this townshipbetween ORR amp PRR International Airport and so on. 1000 bedded UK INDO hospital is near by project. 12500 acres pharma industry is in the close vicinity. Boasting of all these prime amenities buying a plot amp villas in this gated community is a wise decision suitable for both investment as well as end use.. We made a Chrome extension for tracking prices amp getting emailed when it changes. Works on any store: Hey everyone We recently put together a simple Chrome extension that lets you track the price of an item on any online store and get notified instantly by email when it changes. You simply activate the extension when you are on the item page highlight the price and then the extension will send you an email whenever that price changes. It helps you save money online by instantly notifying you of prices going down. Here is our website for the extension [www.prickle.app]https//www.prickle.app/ It is still early days but we would love to hear your thoughts Thank you. insurancesake.com is on sale. Making Money as an Undergrad in India: 19F Udergrad struggling with expenses of living in a big city for Education. What kind of jobs or opportunities allow a 19 year old female to earn money while being in College Around 34k a month should suffice. Did check out Survey sites but most of them dont work in India and have a Gift card reward policy which seems pointless staying in India where Amazon is the only reliable online shop. Any ideas or recommendations with experienceif any would be appreciated. ampx200B ampx200B Thanks guys. 10 Homestay Advertising Essentials Helps improve bookings. Entrepreneurship Development Program EDP:  Starting a business is difficult And it gets even more challenging if you dont know where to start how to reach out to your target audience how to decide the price of your product or service or how to get a loan to run your business. APG Learning [Entrepreneurship Development Program EDP ]https//www.apglearning.in/onlinecourses/entrepreneurshipdevelopmentprogram/is a structured stepbystep approach to help you understand the processes involved in building and scaling a successful and sustainable venture. This threemonth course also aims to develop the skills required to run a business successfully.. Entrepreneurship Development Program EDP by APG Learning Sakal Media Group. flysolo.in is on sale. Top 10 Market Research Companies in India 2020 Review: [removed]. Kanchipuram Silk Sarees under Rs.3000/: Visit [www.devikasarees.in]https//www.devikasarees.in for original Kanchipuram Silks just below RS.3000/. Pure silk sarees for sale with Free Shipping. Direct sale from the Weavers. Limited Sale Stock sold will not be available.. Solar storage tariff spells trouble for coal India News Times of India. USOIL Support Near Weekly Trend line. Indias Import Tax Hike on Crude Palm Oil Has Only Added to the Industrys Confusion. Looking for internships in Delhi.: I passed 12th grade in 2019 w/ science and Im currently dropping an year to prepare for IPMAT examcommerce. The preparation wasnt that tough so i had a lot of free time on me for the last few months i learned frenchA1 read a few good books and slacked to get over the severe trauma JEE preparation left on my mental health lol. Now there are roughly 3 months left in my entrance exams and i want to end it with an internship that Im genuinely interested in and will leave a good mark on my CV. Im interested in something related to finance investing and stock market. I tried looking for opportunities on internshala but the the skill requirements there are extremely vague or not available at all so I dont exactly know if Im qualified for those internships or not. Any help would be appreciated. thanks. Social Media Handling Workshop by Being Creative Advertising: [removed]. Share price Movement. Onetime Billionaire Says Hes Now Worth Nothing. WhatsApp Pay to launch in India soon gets approval from NPCI. Is it true to get 100 Cashback on DTH Recharge Online :  [https//answers.yahoo.com/question/indexqid20200208081958AAfKzjZ]https//answers.yahoo.com/question/indexqid20200208081958AAfKzjZ ampx200B [Online DTH Recharge]https//preview.redd.it/tucn7dws6of41.jpgwidth770ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsa998571da4ea85b8bfbfcfc9029bfb4811b969ee. Corrugation Plant Machinery Die Punchingcutting Machine Paper Corrugation Machine Golden Mechanical Corporation Automatic Plants Vertical Type Paper Corrugation Machine Corrugated Board Making Plants: [removed]. Website Development Services: [removed]. Onetime billionaire Anil Ambani says hes now worth nothing told to deposit 100 million in loan fight. Anil Ambani tells UK court his net worth is zero despite fleet of cars private jet and yacht:  https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/anilambanitellsukcourthisnetworthiszerodespitefleetofcarsprivatejetandyacht/articleshow/74017394.cms. Anil Ambani tells UK court his net worth is zero despite fleet of cars private jet and yacht:  https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/anilambanitellsukcourthisnetworthiszerodespitefleetofcarsprivatejetandyacht/articleshow/74017394.cms. Anil Ambani tells UK court his net worth is zero despite fleet of cars private jet and yacht:  https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/anilambanitellsukcourthisnetworthiszerodespitefleetofcarsprivatejetandyacht/articleshow/74017394.cms. MTurk Amazon Earn Extra Money. ayesocial.com is on sale. Indian Govt Likely To Tax Google Facebook NetflixHeres How. How Chatbots can bring a Revolution in the Conventional Marketing Schemes. The KnockOn Effects of Coronavirus Outbreak News People Need. Best Helmet In India Under 2000 4000 6000 10000 Reviews:  https//preview.redd.it/n3ws3fokdff41.jpgwidth1024ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsa9fae250dd69da3cea15b0f56972197216bdb0a6 Choosing the best helmet in India under 2000 4000 6000 and 10000 were not easy though These helmets required much testing. After all it is the question of saving a life. Every single company will exclaim that their helmets are the best lifesavers but only lifesaving features are necessary and nothing else How would you choose the best quality helmet in India for yourself By reading Amazon public reviews Noooo How many of them fell on roads to check whether the helmet saves the life or not Mate the right way of testing helmets is something that we the experts do. We test these helmets on the grounds of toughness durability air ventilation design comfort and several other things. Weve deeply tested helmet models from the best helmet brands in India 2017 2018 2019 and 2020 At very comfortable prices weve discovered some helmet models which are equally reliable to the much expensive helmets from the best helmet brands in the world Must read the full review before buying [https//top10productsindia.in/besthelmetindiaunder2000/]https//top10productsindia.in/besthelmetindiaunder2000/. MampM looking for a partner to help charge up electric dreams. Try as much as you like you cannot kill the mallu spirit. Kerala will go on despite all efforts to derail the state.. Incorrect NEFT transaction. Please help.: A friend of my dad who uses ICICI bank was supposed to send 15000 INR to my dad Indian Bank. The friend mistakenly added another number to the account number while adding the beneficiary. Unfortunately the transaction was successful and the money was debited from his account. Later I looked it up on the internet and found that Indian Bank accounts only have 9 digits. Since the transaction was made to an account bearing 10 digits and under the IFSC code of Indian Bank will the money return to that friend its been 3 working days as of now and the money has not returned how long does this usually take what would be the further course of action if things dont pan out. RBI has several other ways to boost economic growth in addition to interest rates. Vandalized Bounce Bikes In Bangalore Show The Challenges Of Running A Business In India. New Branch. Government to sanction all 1.12 crore houses under PMAY by next month. US employer wants to hire remote Indian employees [full time]. What are the tax implications on both parties [US Employer amp Indian remote employee].: If US employer wants to hire remote Indian employees \[full time\] then what are the tax implications on both parties \[US Employer amp Indian remote employee\]. If there is any problem then what are the ways to make it work Would appreciate a solution to make this work legally for both parties.. Indias digital economy to push for 5 trillion Forbes Report. Good News for Small Businesses: [removed]. Acero Dental Crowns: [removed]. Morning. [For Hire] Professional Data Entry Expert: [removed]. TCS wins 1.5 billion deal from Walgreens Boots largest from retail customer. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala made Rs 618 crore in two days helped by his favourite stock. I will fix ur computer. It only costs ur social security number.. A few questions you may know the answers to.: [removed]. Features of Amazon Prime Membership. Is anyone using neteller Have a question: A friend of mine lives in India and he got this message when trying to deposit his neteller account [this one ]https//imgur.com/a/WzMYcEX It says that master card deposits cannot be used for money transfers is that true How can he add funds to his account so he can transfer money Thanks. Disney to launch in India on March 29 to Rebrand Hotstar as Disney Hotstar. Upwork Tutorial Anyone here is freelancing on Upwork If yes you will find this video useful.. Economy on path of recovery. Karnataka e Procurement Guide Asian Tender: [removed]. Lost your pan card can you apply online. Oracle Fusion HCM Online Training Oracle Fusion HCM Training Hyderabad: [removed]. Srei Infrastructure quits infra financing blames Indias socialist economy. zizy.in is on sale. morning... SAP ABAP Training in Hyderabad Ameerpet. Is there a guideline for startups to register company / sole trader / partnership firm: I am looking for some help on Registering a company / partnership firm Sought out grant for startup if any Engage freelance webdevelopers / app builders. GST Freelancer and OIDAR: [removed]. Indian travellers to be rewarded by govt for travelling to 15 domestic destinations in a year. Flipkart advertising over Medical Epidemic. Flipkart advertising over Medical Epidemic. RBI Recruitment Exam Admit Card released RBIIndia. roix.in is on sale. This penniless yogi has an Indian business empire. We undertake all Registrations and Licenses for all businesses all over India.: We undertake all Registrations and Licenses for all businesses all over India. One Person Company LLP Registration Pvt Ltd Co Registration GST Registration Labour License MSME Udyog Aadhaar Food Licence FSSAI Company PAN and TAN Trademark Registration ISO Certification Import Export Code Contact Mobile 9866512479 WhatsApp 7416372349 [vishnuconsultantsgmail.com]mailtovishnuconsultantsgmail.com [www.vishnuconsultants.com]https//www.vishnuconsultants.com. Indian MiddleClass Is Going All Out On Twitter Today Heres Why. NRO/NRI Bank Account Advice: [removed]. Hero Homes Gurgaon Sector 104 Call at 8010841841. Balaji Estate Dombivli. oxyveda.com is on sale. Best SEO company in India SEO Expert Delhi Chandigarh Mumbai. Union Budget 2020 Direct Tax Proposals: [removed]. Indeco Hotels Do Heritage Hotels need Governments Support to.... Union Budget 2020 Highlights Full Speech. People who claim Shaheen Bagh is sponsored sitin have different ethics and proven with this video.... Top 10 Best Mid Cap Stocks with Highest Dividends 2020 : This is a list I have compiled for Top 10 MidCap shares for 2020 to make position in How many of them do you have on your portfolio Comment below if you like the video and also suggest topic for next videos . Can someone post a link to all 70 exceptions removed under new tax scheme: Also could you provide all the exemptions not removed if opted for new scheme. Scissor Lift India. How and where do i buy bit coin in india: [removed]. Calculate Tax Post Budget2020 New Scheme vs Old Scheme For FY 202021. 5 ways to be a successful social media marketer. Does SBI charges per month for minimum balance or yearly: [removed]. Budget 2020 LIVE Updates Income Tax Calculator Financial Year 202021 Nirmala Sitharaman. Moskva Hotel Madurai: [removed]. Budget 2020 Govt proposes tax on nontaxpaying NRIs. Highlights of Union Budget 2020. Nirmala Sitharaman unveils her second Budget for the financial year 2020 2021. Find residentialretailCommercial real estate listingsCompare Buy/sell/rent:  Luxury flatshousesapartments for sale Bangalore. [https//www.irshadsproperty.com/]https//www.irshadsproperty.com/. Header Machine India. Study MBBS in India. Admission 2020 Apply now. get more information.. Budget 2020 Live Whats Nirmala Sitharamans Plan to Reverse the Economic Slowdown I The Wire. India Budget 2020 Live India now 5th Largest Economy in the World. This government is truely nuts.: In the recent outbreak of corona virus china is out of stock of all types of masks. There is a huge demand in the west for them as well. Generally people prefer to use international brands like 3m etc But given the extreme shortage everyone is happy to buy any N95 mask. A close friend of mine works in the exports and had decided to only ship Indian brands to China as well as other parts of the world. His thought and I agree with him were the smaller local brands are of equal quality and this was the time for them to make money but more importantly shine beyond India. The government without any warning has now banned ALL exports . They could have easily worked on asking all manufacturers to reserve a certain for local consumption while still earning some revenue from exports. Or only allow export of local brands. But No banned everything Now my friend is fucked because local brands wont fetch much revenue locally. His new clients world wide are pissed because they have payed him an advance fee and were hoping to receive their shipments. He now stands to loose a lot of money. This guy isnt some big shot exporter he is a simply guy and sole bread earner working very hard to establish himself as a exporter. Seriously fuck this government . This was India chance to shine like china by being the factory of one product for the whole world Including China. But I guess only Gujratis in Gujrat will be allowed to export it and mint money while thousands will loose all their money with their stock. Sorry about the rant but just how these guys deal with issues is beyond reason.. Which is the best university in india : [removed]. GST India Tax Payer Database Hack/Bug/Feature : I am a registered Tax Payer with GTIN. I signed up on the site with an email address specifically catering to official GST mails/notification. The address was never ever forwarded to anyone or used anywhere else I am positive. I am receiving informal broken English mails by local CAs saying please let em handle my GST filing. How did these local CAs get hold of my account Does GST system has a way to publish my email to local CAs Was there a data breach I am unaware of. Breach at Indian airline SpiceJet affects 1.2 million passengers TechCrunch. Friends let me share with you a cool browser with builtin mining features Ive been using it few weeks now and results are great You get paid in Bitcoins and payments come directly to your Bitcoin wallet. Download it here . FREE Pinngle out calls to the U.S Canada and India giveaway starts now: With this wonderful giveaway you will now be able to use your free minutes to call anyone in the U.S Canada or India that Doesnt have Pinngle Doesnt have an Internet connection Doesnt have a smartphone All you need to do is Step 1 Download Pinngle from Google Play or App store Step 2 Go to recents and tap on the keypad Step 3 Dial the number Step 4 Tap on the phone icon and choose Pinngleout Step 5 Enjoy your call. A really proud moment for us all Indians.. best ro water purifier Reverse Osmosis is a technology that is used to remove a large majority of contaminants from water by pushing the water under pressure through a semipermeable membrane. Reverse Osmosis commonly referred to as RO is a process where you demineralize or deionize water. Sorry State Of Indian Economy Can Nirmala Sitharaman Fix The Faltering Economy. Help us to generate a stable revenue stream for all the upcoming Artists/Content Creators in India: [removed]. wickedweirdo.com is on sale. Immigration Visa Consultants for Australia and Canada in Pune. Immigration Visa Consultants for Australia and Canada in Pune. 5 Best Property Monitoring / Protection Service Providers in India for NRIs. Sell Air India only to an Indian entity RSS tells Modi govt. Microsoft 365 sharepoint. Techies return home as startup dreams turn sour. Buy Weight Loss Supplements Online in India LiveNutriFit Store. Body Oil Massage Balaayah Black Gram Body Booster. Personal Kansa Wand with FREE 15 ml iYURA Kansa Oil. Mass retirement from BSNL Around 78300 BSNL employees to step down on January 31. Naukri.com founder receives the Padma Shri award along with 117 others. In India this is how much you can earn with one million views.... theindiangirls.com IS ON SALE. Facebook reports slowest Q4 revenue growth yet ... at 25. DHFL promoter siphoned off Rs 12773 crore ED. Apple to start online sales in India in Q3 this year. Data shows manufacturing states edge under GST . flysolo.in is on sale. Hotel Preethi International Best Place to Stay in Mysore. Panasonic India Forays into Education Sector Launches Education Solutions CAREEREX and XCELIT to Help Upskill Students be Future Ready. sosqo.com is on sale. Shameless opportunistic price gouging on Honeywell PM2.5 mask by Cloudtail India Pvt. Ltd. Top photo pack of 5 ordered 28th Jan for Rs. 199 bottom photo price jumps to Rs. 519 not even 12 hours later.. India has the opportunity to take benefit from USChina trade war Wilbar Ross at WEF. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala ProModi billionaire often bullish on government policies under SEBI lens for Insider Trading charges:  https//m.economictimes.com/markets/stocks/news/rakeshjhunjhunwalaundersebilensforinsidertrading/amparticleshow/73682542.cmstwitterimpressiontrue. Air India selling off 100000 sq.m land in Navi Mumbai Mumbai. Flipkart Cofounder Sachin Bansal resigns from Ujjivan Small Finance Bank board. Price list of cars and bikes sold in Pune India in 1987: [deleted]. Price list of cars and bikes sold in Pune India in 1987. Best Way to Trial Kratom Sales in India: [removed]. loverboy.in is on sale: [removed]. Home Loan Disbursement Process in India. Realestate in bengaluru: SAM Properties is one of the top realestate dealer in bengaluru. It provide the lavish homes with reasonable rate along with the best ameneties like Gym childrens park Party hall conferance hall Tennis court swimming etc..... Gen Rent is here and its not keen on buying houses. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala under Sebi lens for insider trading. Dasmesh Water Meters Flow Water Meters Oil Meters Flow Indicator Residential Water Meter Domestic Water Meters: [removed]. kweeqi.com is on sale. Coronavirus infects Asia stocks with exposure to China. Mukesh Ambanis Jio became largest telecom player at the cost of Vodafone Idea Report. What are some good highrisk highreward investment instruments in India: One example that I know is Peertopeer lending where you can earn up to 30 returns. Im wondering if there are more such options.. Adding India to your business. Indian trading in u.s stock market:  hi.. I am a student and want to trade in U.S stock market ... can anyone please help me figure out if I can do so. and if there are any one of you who is doing it... please help megtgtgtgt. kezua.com is on sale. I am in USA bored at work I can do your logo or website for you. I also grow your website.: Hello. I am in USA Florida. I am at work and on the side I do professional logos and websites. I have been doing this for over 23 years. I do wix Shopify ecommerce seo business and all types. Thank you. Send me a DM or open chat. I can do the work for you for PayPal . Whatever you need. I also teach aggresive seo and I teach online marketing. Some people I will allow to pay me to be their partner then I join the company and I can fix your company and redo it but you must buy into me. I have grown many businesses online and achieved many amazing goals and fame already.. Hotel Nataraj Jamshedpur The Best Budget and Luxury Hotel in Jamshedpur. Fonterra Future Dairy A Leading Global Dairy Nutrition Company. usxps.com is on sale. Destination Wedding Planner in India: [removed]. Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Exporters India Jaikar Industry Private Limited: [removed]. brandbrahma.com is on sale. India in renewed push to sell Air India puts entire stake on the block. Government to sell 100 stake in Air India issues bid document. Kia Optima Pre Owned Car. Growing World Record Tomatoes Just Like Growing World Record Employees. Kids Wedding Birthday Party Dresses for Girls 114Y. LoverBoy.in is on sale. How to optimize your GMB listing. axnflick.com is on sale. Wishing you all a very happy 71st Republic day from Barcode. optimiseroi.com is on sale. flysolo.in is on sale. Zomato eats Uber as India food fight enters new round. Chinese decimation of Indian phonemakers is complete. Automakers next. axngym.com is on sale. Maxepe India: [removed]. Marketing strategies for startups: [removed]. Best consulting services In India: [removed]. https//1000successfulentrepreneursstories.blogspot.com/2020/01/flipkartfounderssachinbansaland.html. Return on Assets and Its Importance: [removed]. Why Spotify and Warner Music Are Now Playing Nice in India. manipalcafe.com is on sale. Uber had promoted employees to UberEats just last week and now their jobs are gone. Direct Tax Collection Set to Dip First Time in Two Decades Report. Now you know what Im talking about. Structural Engineers: [removed]. Rethink dutyfree plan urge airports council wine association. Adani out of race for mega Navy submarine deal Ministry of Defence shortlists 2 firms. sarfaesi.info. INDIAN Govt dont make higher education a luxury.. Bulk SMS Service Provider SMS Gateway Provider in Mumbai. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches: [removed]. Davos 2020 India The Investment and Innovation Nation. PRomO. Question about freelancer rates.: I frequently use Upwork to hire freelancers such as writers and web developers. Im often surprised at the rates people request and expect. There are very few people on that platform who seem willing to work for under 5. And a lot of English speaking people charge 1020 even 30 per hour. I recently had one turn down an offer of 10/hr which would have been 200/ mo ongoing. If a freelancer makes 400500 USD per month this is like 30000 Ru. When I look it up it looks like doctors make that much. And when I look it up it seems like you can rent a really nice apartment for less than that much. So it seems to me that one could enjoy a pretty good lifestyle over there on 400500/month. Minimum wage in California is 11/hr. So its hard for me to understand why its not a win / win to hire someone in India for around that much when the cost of living is much much lower. I think the Upwork platform might be driving up the cost since they take a percentage. My questions are are these assumptions correct Are the labor prices on Upwork inflated Is speaking English such a valuable commodity over there that one can charge doctor rates Is there a better platform where this is less of an issue Thanks.. India has the biggest video channel in the world and is the 2nd biggest video producer in the world gaining on USA. s2do.in is on sale. flysolo.in is on sale. MAXEPE Big Oppartunity New Launching Platform: [removed]. Kidney. Spotify India amp Warner Chappell deal status: Does anyone have any idea as to when all the songs of the label will be made available on the spotify india app. How to make Smart amp Energy Efficient Homes: [removed]. PhD Services: [removed]. Maxepe India: [removed]. zizy.in is on sale. Invest in Modi Sarkaar and Hedge in Trump Sarkaar: Buy Large Cap Mutual Funds in India Cover that investment by investing in NASDAQ Top 100 Fund of Funds Mutual Fund offered by Motilal Oswal Best case scenario Both Sensex and NASDAQ keep on with their bull run and you earn profit NASDAQ was up 30 in last year Average scenario Nirmala tai destroys the Indian economy but 50 of your investment in NASDAQ helps you cover your risk in Indian Mutual Funds Worst case scenario Global recession sets in both India and USA which is a good thing and helps you buy in NAV for dirt cheap price Thoughts. Questions about a business visa for a NZ citizen in India: [removed]. DigitalMarketing SocialMediaMarketing Internet. Buy Tramadol Online Overnight Delivery without any prescription: [removed]. Govt proposes BIG relief on income tax slabs in Budget 2020 Reports: [removed]. India cars are thriving. Stop asking for milage start asking for safety. Meanwhile Suzuki is now SWEATING tincans safercarsfromindia. introducing aura travels. iPatientCare unveils its product suite in India at HITCON 2020 India. How can I boost my AEPS Transactions. Quotes of the Day Wednesday Wisdom Quotes: [removed]. Luxury Flats in Kolkata to Check in 2020. Structural Engineers: [removed]. Know About Indian Taxation GST: [removed]. sosqo.com is on sale. Wealth of Indias richest 1 more than 4times of the total for 70 poorest Oxfam. UPI growing by 442 in Delhi Razorpay report. Tech Mahindras Diversity and Inclusion Initiatives Recognised By Bloomberg. Most effective way to deal with Indian clients.: Hi there. I was hoping to trouble you for advice about how to deal Indian clients. Im a Sri Lankan criminal lawyer practicing in Canada. My office is in an area with a large number of immigrants from South East Asia. I dont want to generalize but Ive had some issues with Indian and Pakistani clients. For one despite being in an area with many Indian and Pakistani client Ive only retained very few Indian and Pakistani clients. Despite only being retained by very few Indian clients I get a lot of calls and even visits from Indian individuals. These people often try and take up as much time as possible and ask loads of questions but will refuse to sign up or pay for anything. Because theyre a large community in my area they actually interfere with my practice by taking and energy time away from paying customers. After many such visits Ive began to realize that they were only after free advice and not interested in buying anything. Of course people of other races call for free advice from time to time as well. But they are in 99 of cases honest about it and polite about not taking up too much of my time. Unfortunately the opposite is true for nearly 90 of Indian callers. Also I noticed that the few Indian customers I do get are demanding and not very good at keeping up with payment. Of course this hasnt been the case with all Indian clients some have been absolutely stellar. However it has been the case with way too many of them to the point where I realized I need a better strategy to deal with it. Of course this only seems to apply to people who have immigrated from India or Pakistan relatively recently or people who havent really integrated well to Canadian culture. Indians who have integrated to Canadian culture are a joy to work with. And because at least one person is bound to say it yes I understand generalizations not all Indians etc etc. I realize this sounds like a rant but its not. The reason Im here is because I realized that there must be some of you who run service oriented businesses in India. If Im getting this behavior to a disproportionate amount from Indian clients Indian businesses must get it alot from their clients. My question is how do you deal with it. Do businesses in India have a method for spotting and weeding out individuals who are looking for free advice and just wasting your time Do businesses in india have a strategy for dealing with difficult or demanding clients. What strategies to Indian businesses employ to make sure payment schedule are met on time. And finally Im starting to suspect that the main way to get Indian clients is through referrals through someone they know is this suspicion accurate or is there another way to market effectively to Indian clients. Basically whats the best way for a business owner to serve Indian clients without his mind. christmassy.net is on sale. IMF lowers India growth to 4.8 calls it a drag on world economy too. Nirmala Tai. Solar Panel Design: [removed]. First Indian female CEO of pepsi. facebook group strategy. chaturcheetah.com is on sale. Tandem Releases White Paper: [removed]. Trusted Mobile App Development Company India. What Is Predatory Pricing And Is Amazon Really Doing It. 143gf.com is on sale. Uber sells food delivery business in India to Zomato TechCrunch. Amazon Starts Rolling Out Electric Delivery Rickshaws in India. Tata To Launch 4 Cars Tomorrow Including New Altroz Hatchback: [removed]. Zomato acquires UberEats in India: Zomato acquires Uber Eats business in India https//www.thehindu.com/business/zomatoacquiresubereatsbusinessinindia/article30612468.ece. OutofBand Authentication Market Global Industry Sales Revenue Price Trends and More by 2023. Zomato Buys Ubers Food Delivery Business Uber Eats In India For 350 Million. Uber Sells Food Delivery Business in India: The New York Times Uber Sells Food Delivery Business in India. https//www.nytimes.com/2020/01/20/technology/ubereatszomato.html. Zomato acquires Uber Eats in an allstock deal to get around 10 shares in Gurgaonbased food delivery platform. Zomato has acquired UberEats in India.. Zomat has acquired UberEats in India.. Uber sells India food business to rival Zomato to cut losses. Sharp slowdown in India a drag on world economy IMF. Shawl manufacturers in india: Was wondering where to find the best place to customize some shawls to add to my boutique is I am in Ludhiana now does anyone know of any reputable textile mills here. Thanks. Escorts Services in Gurgaon Royal Escorts in Gurgaon 9650930446: [removed]. XpressBees Courier Customer Care Number in Faridabad Customer Care. QMS Share Your Results. Ecom Express Courier Customer Care Number in Dehradun TollFree Number. Easy Steps to Start Small Business in India. Online Cricket Match Tickets Booking in Mumbai Book Tickets Online. Hot Sexy Mujra Dance songtv song mujra sexyhotmujra sexymujra. loverboy.in is on sale. Structural Design Consultants: [removed]. Desperate we need sponsorships for our science fest: [removed]. Business Standard Display Classified advertising Booking Online. Nahkra Online Shopping Store for Ladies in India. brandbrahma.com is on sale. Why is Kettos donations not eligible for tax benefits: I just saw a youtube ad for donating towards patients funds on Ketto crowdfunding site. And there was a disclaimer below that said donations are not eligible towards tax benefits under section 80 etc. How come it is not. 63 Indian Billionaires Have More Money Than The Union Budget For 201819 Oxfam. theindiangirls.com is on sale. In this economy what is the best way to invest your life savings for good returns as well as safety: [removed]. Is Amazons investment in India really that bad: [removed]. Amazon Indian Sale Special Discount with this link 19th to 21st Jan 2019. Buying bitcoins in India: I really want to buy bitcoins Anyone know a site that accepts Paytm or a good site to get into for buying and selling cryptocurrency. scope and carrier in digital marketing. Technical Analysisa amp Stock Market Basics: ltiframe width560 height315 src[https//www.youtube.com/embed/VyakDsMWFFI]https//www.youtube.com/embed/VyakDsMWFFI frameborder0 allowaccelerometer autoplay encryptedmedia gyroscope pictureinpicture allowfullscreengtlt/iframegt. Flipkart Coupons amp Offers 90 OFF Coupon Code Jan 2020 on Voucherforest. Beware Guys UPI Phishing scam: Hi Guys Couple of days ago my sister law got scammed by UPI phishing I heard this type of scam for the first time. She wanted to send courier through bluedart she searched the customer care contact number of bluedart through google. She called the number appearing on the first search first mistake. The guy told her that o collect the courier she needs to forward an sms to a number and to fill a google form sent her through link. They forwarded her an sms containing alphanumeric next and she forwarded it to the number she was told second mistake. Then she filled up the google form mentioning her name and UPI ID I think she might have also included UPI PIN third mistake. At night time around 2 am series of sms came and around 37k of money got deducted from her three bank accounts. She didnt have UPI linked to her YES bank account that also they linked and deducted money from that. From the first mistake it can be realized that scamsters are using google ads for using their contact numbers to be shown as customer numbers for legit business like bluedart fedex swiggy etc. Second mistake I am not sure why they asked her to forward the weird alphanumeric sms to some number. As per my understanding you need physical sim card present in your phone for UPI app to detect and register your number with your bank account might be they are using this sms to clone your SIM number some how. I didnt understand the usage of forwarding the sms to a number. Third mistake This was a rookie mistake to give your UPI id and might be also UPI PIN to strangers So guys please beware of this scam when you search on google about contacts numbers for some business please make sure dont click on the ads shown by google.. Sole proprietorship or One person company: I have been working as a freelancer/independent contractor for both local and US clients from the past 6years. I have a great relationship with one of the clients in the US and he would like me to give me more work. This will make me have only one client and I am worried as I might be breaking laws. Here is what I have found online A contractor who works fulltime exclusively for one principal is a de facto employee in many countries. It also becomes harder to defend a contractors status when he/she is employed for a long time. Should I register as a sole proprietorship company or as a oneperson company to solve this issue As this will be looked like a business to business transaction. Also my client doesnt have a registered legal entity in India and doesnt want to handle all the paperwork just for one person.. Sole proprietorship or One person company: I have been working as a freelancer/independent contractor for both local and US clients from the past 6years. I have a great relationship with one of the clients in the US and he would like me to give me more work. This will make me have only one client and I am worried as I might be breaking laws. Here is what I have found online A contractor who works fulltime exclusively for one principal is a de facto employee in many countries. It also becomes harder to defend a contractors status when he/she is employed for a long time. Should I register as a sole proprietorship company or as a oneperson company to solve this issue As this will be looked like a business to business transaction. Also my client doesnt have a registered legal entity in India and doesnt want to handle all the paperwork just for one person.. Manage audit findings. OyoMFG No Mercy / No Malice. Jeff Bezos met key industrialists including Mukesh Ambani and Sunil Bharti Mittal in India. An interesting data view of past 20years of Indian companies/ stocks. Reliance always leading ahead from peers.. oxyveda.com is on sale. Howdy Modistyle event in the works for Trump in Ahmedabad. My business idea for India. Shinysleep Natural Latex Mattress Launch. Reliance Jio Q3 2019 results Reveals elimination of 22.3 million users. Malls eateries can stay open 24 x 7 in Mumbai from Jan 27. Ankit Raizada Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Enhance auditor productivity with QMS Mobile Audit. Why People Start Business With Mobile App Development: [removed]. Theshopkart LATEST products.. Healthcare Marketing Strategies. 21st to be an Indian century says Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos. How to check your PAN CARD application status: [removed]. A letter from Jeff Bezos Amazon. PG available in Crossing RepublikGhaziabad: [removed]. Rooms/PG in Ghaziabad: [removed]. Sensex Nifty Subdued In Early Trade Reliance Industries Gains 1 TCS Flat Ahead of Q3 Results. Piyush Goyal Amazon investing to cover losses not doing India a favour Times of India. Is India a great place for expats designer in 2020: Im an interior designer from Hong Kong have been working in Beijing for a decade. Since the market here is already saturated Im thinking of working somewhere else. Ive never been to India but many says that India is developing so rapidly. Im really curious how is the design scene like in the main cities how rare/hard for an expats to get freelance... Should I give it a shot. CBI files criminal case against Adani Enterprises. Amazons 1 billion investment in India no big favor says Piyush Goyal. Cab Rental Mysore cab booking cab booking bangalore outstation taxi service in bangalore bangalore to coorg cab cab booking Car rental Rent a car Tour Packages. Amazon not doing India a favour by investing 1 billion Piyush Goyal. Payal Rajput Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. With diesel at heart Audi India eyes move to petrol and electric cars. Adani Group bets big with Krishnapatnam Port Co acquisition. AGR case Supreme Court rejects review petitions of telcos challenging its verdict. Indian Bank Holidays 2020 HornetPost. Jay Bahgavati deep freeze repair. Project Manager is dead. Long live the Product Manager. Only one underground station for Ghaziabads RRTS corridor. sharingstay.com is on sale. Did Washington Posts editorial stand cost Jeff Bezos a meeting with PM Modi. Balaji Estate Dombivli. Amazon Prime Customer Service Number 800 Number Info: [removed]. Best payment gateway to accept international payments in India: [removed]. The Trump Coin GET RICH OVERNIGHT USD: 1. HOW to buy TRUMP COIN WITH CRPT APP in less than AN HOUR 2. TRUMP Sign BLOCKCHAIN/TRADE DEAL WITH CHINA [https//www.youtube.com/watchva9SPvQLczAg]https//www.youtube.com/watchva9SPvQLczAg 3. TRUMP COIN AD [https//www.youtube.com/watchv0RRbL1SIUFs]https//www.youtube.com/watchv0RRbL1SIUFs 4. IN USA Go Coin base [https//www.coinbase.com/]https//www.coinbase.com/ FIVE Minutes or less to sign up. 5. Add your Bank of America card Union bank Wells Fargo. 6. Click Trade to BUY Bitcoin with ATM methods only. 7. Then Send the BITCOIN from coin base into CRPT App. [https//news.crypterium.com/howtoactivatethecrypteriumcard/]https//news.crypterium.com/howtoactivatethecrypteriumcard/ 8. Using CRPT App/ BITCOIN Address /NOT Crypterium address Bit coin to Bit coin address 9. You are sending in BTC into CRPT App to buy CRPT coin at this point you do not need CRPT Address. 10. Then in CRPT App Exchange BTC for CRPT Token. BTC May take 50Minutes to arrive from Coin base into CRPT App HOW TO BUY TRUMP COIN [https//www.trumpcoin.com/]https//www.trumpcoin.com/ ONLY 6 Million TRUMP COINS FOR SALE EVER BUILT ON A Powerful new HIGH /USD Military GRADE/ END Block chain 19000K/TRUMP is possible MUST WATCH [https//www.youtube.com/watchvgHU8j2BUbgw]https//www.youtube.com/watchvgHU8j2BUbgw 1. LOG ON HERE [https//www.livecoin.net/en]https//www.livecoin.net/en second Confirmations email may end up in spam folders. Do not worry [https//www.livecoin.net/en]https//www.livecoin.net/en is Respected exchange/Secure 2. Hit Live coin net Logo. Then looks at RIGHT HAND Upper area for SEARCH BOX TRUMP Type in Trump and hit search to bring up TRUMP/BTC Trade area. 3. TRUMP/BTC Trade section/area will appear Hit TRADE. Far right hand side. 4. BUY TRUMP FOR BTC BELOW a huge buy trump button YOU WILL SEE DEPOSIT BTC. CLICK IT 5. BTC ADDRESS APPEARS COPY That THAT ADDRESS TO COINBASE [https//www.youtube.com/watchvpTYLxGeLUEk]https//www.youtube.com/watchvpTYLxGeLUEk 6. BUY BTC With credit card in CRPT AppBuy Crypto and SEND TO BRING IN BTC TO LIVECOINNET QR code instead OF COPY AND PASTE 7. OR TYPE IT IN CARE FULLY LOWER CASE/UPPER CASE MATTERS 8. When BITCOIN ARRIVES From ANY Source Below the Deposit BTC You will see your BTC Amounts You Hve0.4xxxxxxxxxx 9. DOUBLE CLICK The BTC Amount to auto fill in the TRUMP COIN BOX 10. HIT THE BIG BLUE BUY TRUMP BUTTON and your order is set to buy later IF LUCKY 11. TO BUY TRUMP RIGHT AWAY SET Price per TRUMP At a high PRICE LIVE PRICE [https//www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/trumpcoin]https//www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/trumpcoin 12. IF 10 ORDER NEVER FILLS Go up to BUY/SELL Scroll to MY ORDERS/ Cancel the Order and repeat step number 10. NEVeR BID ON A GOOD COIN. BUY Right away BID for more 13. IF You CANNOT AFFORD TRUMP COIN BUY 5000 FLOT using the same Exact method starting from 2FLOT Fire lotto current Price [https//www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/firelotto]https//www.worldcoinindex.com/coin/firelotto. Ease of starting your own software company in India: 1.5 months ago I formally incorporated my company solo proprietorship in India. Stripe [https//stripe.com/enin/pricing]https//stripe.com/enin/pricing officially launched in India and a Stripe account with a good idea is a license to print money. To get a Stripe account all you need is 1 Company registration Rs 300 2 Get an IEC code [http//dava.gov.in8080/dgftiec/panSearch.jsp]http//dava.gov.in8080/dgftiec/panSearch.jsp Rs 250 3 A bank account Thats it. I was pleasantly surprised by how simple the process is. IEC is entirely online. My app does net \ 2500 per month \ INR 1.8 lakhs per month not a lot but enough to not have to worry about money. Hopefully this info gets atleast one other redditor to start a company . Reliance Jio tower assets sold to Canadas Brookfield for rs 25000 crore. Ministerial delegation calls on Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on the sidelines of Raisina Dialogue. Why a 453 billion bond manager is shifting bets from India to China. Bankunionsplanseriesofstrikesbeginning January31. Simplify audit planning. Mukul Harish Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Help with my sister business: [removed]. Doing online business in India as a foreigner: Hi I have couple of questions regarding running an online business in India. Im a foreigner and I do not reside in India. For couple of months I have been planning to sell an item using ecommerce amazon flipkart for instance but after doing some research I have learned that Im not able to register for any of ecommerce platforms since I do not live in India therefore I cannot give my local address info and phone number. Is there any way to overcome this issue Or would it be better to give up India market Some advice would be highly appreciated. Thanks. therestobar.com is on sale. Lets do it we are very good at disruptive ideamaking: [removed]. SMS Marketing for Businesses. GeM registration for suppliers of warm blankets: [removed]. Government seeks Rs 19000 crore dividend from oil companies. axngym.com is on sale. Ahead of Jeff Bezos visit Amazon pumps in Rs 1715 crore into India units. TRAI versus Indian broadcasting. Amazon boss Jeff Bezos arrives in India as local traders plan protests. DGCA is moron as per boeing employees. manipalcafe.com is on sale. Question regarding IME Remit: Hi Im a freelancer and am currently working for a client in Nepal. He said that he would be using IME Remit to transfer the money. Whats the process like Has anyone here used IME Remit I cant seem to find anything relevant on Google. Thanks.. Hiba Nawab Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Ahead of Bezos visit India antitrust chief says ecommerce firms shouldnt offer heavy discounts. Latest India Business News 14th January 2020 Today Business News. CashBean Increase in Loan Tenure: [removed]. Quality Management Certification Benefits. Relax Packers and Movers Packers and Movers in Cuttack Odisha: [removed]. which is the best SIP you can invest in: [removed]. Auto slide is due to govt overregulation. Rajiv Bajaj laments BSVI and why he has no hopes from Budget 2020. FM Nirmala Sitharaman personally monitoring Bengaluru bank issue Tejasvi Surya assures customers after RBI order. NIFTY 50 at an all time high: [removed]. Malaysias PM defends criticism of India despite palm oil backlash. NIFTY 50 of India inches closer to SGX NIFTY: [removed]. flysolo.in is on sale. data analytics courses online. Important Indian GST on Upwork: If you are Freelancer and work thru UpWork.... Received following mail from UpWork Hi xxx We are writing to let you know that starting in early 2020 we will begin collecting the Indian Goods and Services Tax GST. As an ecommerce operator Upwork will collect 1 on any earnings that are subject to the tax per Indian law. While we will follow up with specifics and a more detailed timeline regarding the collection we do ask that you provide your GST tax id number now if you have one. To provide your GST number click here. Important things to remember At this time we are only asking you to provide your GST number if you have one. The 1 tax on Upwork earnings will not be charged until early 2020. Once we start collecting GST on the earnings that are subject to withholding we will remit that tax to the Indian government as required by law. If you have questions about the GST or do not currently have a GST number you may wish to consult with a trusted tax expert or advisor. Upwork cannot provide tax advice. Thanks in advance for taking the time to provide your GST information. And thanks for using Upwork Regards The Upwork Team . Retail inflation spikes to 7.35 in December highest in six years: [deleted]. The reason the SEC has been so quiet in prosecuting private equity crimes is because it allows these companies to commit their crimes abroad. Take TPG.com operations in India for example.: [removed]. BHIM customer care Number Tollfree Helpline amp Complaint Form: BHIM Customer care number BHIM Bharat Interface for Money is a mobile payments application based on UPI Unified Payment Interface developed by national unified Payment corporation of India. BHIM UPI Allows realtime fund transfer using a single identity like your mobile number or Name. If you also use BHIM UPI for online transactions then you must have complete information about BHIM customer care number. There are more than 50 Million Users who have downloaded the BHIM application for Digital Payments. As the users of BHIM application are increasing the complaints of the users are also increasing. If you also use Bhim application and you are also facing a problem then you do not have to worry. In this post we have shared all the information related to Bhim Customer Care Number. BHIM Customer Care Number 18001201740 You can Reach out to BHIM Customer care number tollfree number or on the helpline number 02245414740 for any queries and complaint on your BHIM transactions. You can also use your BHIM app to raise a complaint against your Failed transactions. First Go to the Transactions page in your application and select the transaction in which you are facing the problem. Now you will see two different options on the bottom of the screen. Just select the option raise concern screen You can call Bank and discuss the problem with the executive. BHIM UPI Registered Address City Registered Address Registered Office Mumbai National Payments Corporation of India 1001A B wing 10th Floor The Capital BandraKurla Complex Bandra East Mumbai 400 051 Phone 022 4000 9100 Goregaon Office Mumbai National Payments Corporation of India Unit nos. 201 301 amp 302 2nd amp 3rd Floor Raheja Titanium Western Express Highway Goregaon East Mumbai 400063 Phone 022 4050 8500 Chennai Office National Payments Corporation of India 8th Level VBC Solitaire 47 amp 49 Bazullah Road T. Nagar Chennai 600 017 Phone044 28160700 Fax044 28152815 Hyderabad Office National Payments Corporation of India ICICI Towers off ISB Road Plot No. 12 6th Floor Tower1 North Wing Nanakram Guda Financial District Hyderabad 500032 Telangana State BHIM UPI Complaint and Feedback Form [https//bhimupi.org.in/gettouch]https//bhimupi.org.in/gettouch ampx200B NPCI Get in Touch Form [https//www.npci.org.in/gettouch]https//www.npci.org.in/gettouch With the Help of BHIM Get in Touch option you can also share your Transactions Issue or any feedback related to App. Click the link mentioned Above and Raise your issue. ampx200B Common Problem Related BHIM UPI Application \Device Biding Get Failed Device biding Fails when the app is unable to send SMS or Network connection is Poor in Your Area. \OTP Error In Application The OPT error is a common problem in BHIM App. Many people have complained about this problem that they are not receiving the OPT in their smartphone. The reason for OTP Error is heavy Load on Server. You can request for OPT verification on the nonworking hour like Night or early Morning. \Transaction getting Declined Your transaction might be getting declined because of either the bank server might be temporarily down or the beneficiary details you have entered is wrong. I hope you got all the information related to BHIM Customer care Number. If you have any other queries related to Banking and UPI just leave us a comment below and we will try our best to help you out. Visit [https//bankingsupport.info/]https//bankingsupport.info/ For More Such Article.. ICICI Bank seeks recovery of amounts from Chanda Kochhar. Indias About to Hand People Data Americans Can Only Dream Of.. Whatever product/service I think of starting it always boils down to price. How to start a business in such price competitive market: Im from a CS background with good knowledge in CS languages and web development languages. Ive been freelancing till Dec 2019 for past 3 years. I recently started a company of my own. Im planning to launch a couple of product/services but it always boils down to price. People always seem to opt for cheaper thing. Where am I going wrong Am I targeting wrong people Where do youeven find clients/customer who prefer quality over price. Maxepe Full Hindi Plan Earning And Monthly salary Shopping Income Pla.... sarfaesi.info is on sale. Can debt collectors tell other people like family friends or my employer about my debt in India: [removed]. How will Asia Drive the Cryptocurrency Market in 2020 and Beyond. Online Cricket Match Tickets Booking in Cuttack T20 World Cup Tickets. Richa Mukherjee Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. XpressBees Courier Customer Care Number in Ludhiana. Asha Gautams new collection out on Lohri. Latest India Business News 13th January 2020 Today Business News. Developing a Quality Management System. India Has Worst Economy In 42 Years. Is Prime Minister Modi Watching. Impact of Electric Vehicles on Power Quality. Startups cutting employee costs Oyo Ola Paytm Quikr Zomato and Rivigo have handed out pink slips or are likely to. Soon you can give income tax return other details easily for bank loan account. I just found a free remote desktop APP.. Why is the Government sitting on unutilised cess of 3lakh crore. Amid a Steep Revenue Shortfall Govt of India may Seek RBI Dividend Boost. Sensex Jumps Over 250 Points As Markets Scale New AllTime Highs 10 Things To Know. Global Entrepreneurship Bootcamp in Bangkok April 2020: [removed]. How much does india charges for custom: [removed]. RBI puts curbs on Sri Guru Raghavendra Sahakara Bank in Bengaluru from doing business. s2do.in is on sale. zizy.in on sale. Indias slowing economy led to record drop in car sales in 2019 says industry body. vashikaran specialist. Latest Mans Fashion Here. roix.in is on sale. India business news headlines weekly roundup 06th to 10th January 2020. Free Digital support like web development. If you want to start a startup and you have any business then you build huge sale and conversation with the help of https//hirearea.com/ Start your startup. websitedesign website development startup mobileappdevelopment hirearea hirearea.com. IT NEW In India. Axis Long Term Mutual Fund A Best ELSS / Tax Saving Mutual Fund for 2020.  . Exclusive Income Tax search at Ritesh Agarwalled OYOs headquarters in India. Join me on FeetApart the fitness social app that rewards you for walking with exciting free products. Use this code to signup and earn 8 FeetCoins instantly Code OIGRI WalkAndEarn. long term tour packages services in india. What is the Highest Salary of Civil Engineering in India. Court overturns clean chit to Adanis in sharerigging case. Oyo is firing thousands of staff across China and India cites nonperformance. 1st in 11 years No. of passengers falls at IGI Mumbai airports. Megha Gupta Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Top 10 Reasons why Businesses need Digital Marketing Services. Key Values of Project Managers. auratravels.com is on sale: [removed]. Breaking ED summons Edelweiss Group chairman Rashesh Shah in Rs 2000 crore forex scam. Structural engineers https//www.knstructuralengineers.com/. Benefits of EPF Return and Annual Compliance in India: [removed]. Coasters Online: [removed]. M2R Garment Garment Manufacturers readymade garment manufacturer. Cabinet nod for Neelachal Ispat Nigams strategic sale. M2R Garments Wholesale Garment wholesale garment suppliers. Latest India Business News 10th January 2020 Today Business News. Deesan Farms Part 01 Dairy Farm. Reliance Infra gets NHAI approval for sale of DelhiAgra road project to Cube Highways. Palm oil ban aimed at Malaysia import from Indonesia and Nepal will be fasttracked. Reliance Jio Offers Free Voice WiFi Calling Heres How to Turn On Jio WiFi Calling. Krissann Barretto Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Advice for an Aussie promoting their business in India Business/Finance: Hi all ampx200B I hope you dont mind me posting this here for some advice Im a teacher from Sydney Australia and Ive just started my own online business. I want to start building a customer base in India first because I have worked with a lot of Indian children here in Australia and I always have a very positive relationship with them and their families. I also feel that our countries have a good friendship ampx200B Anyway my product is digital and subscription based and Im trying to work out the best way to promote it to parents and schools in India. Ill keep it as vague as possible so it doesnt come across like a promotion here but I havent been able to find reliable answers to some questions in my research 1. Is 400 Rs per month a reasonable price for an online subscription I want to make it affordable for as many families as possible. 2. What are the most effective forms of advertising to reach parents Im on a limited budget and putting a lot of my time into my products so I want to make sure Im choosing the right advertising channels. Thank you all so much for reading my post and any insight you can offer . Advice for an Aussie promoting their business in India: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/k01uefepnq941.pngwidth451ampformatpngampautowebpampse67dca66e7f1a69536b94d0ed24722a4aab2426d. IT SECTOR AND U.SIRAN TENSION societykarma. Manufacturing offer. What are the key expectations from the Budget 2020: [removed]. Best Digital Marketing Course in Mohali.  . HDFC Bank net banking and mobile banking facilities still are facing severe problems amp bugs I request you all not use the facility for time beingcustomer care is also unresponsive dew to heavy load of complaints. Xperts Trusted Framework for ALL InfoSec: [removed]. Foxconn wont set up proposed unit in Maharashtra says Shiv Sena minister MVA government has readied the draft of the law which will make it mandatory for locals to get 80 quota in jobs. Ojaswi Oberoi Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Pharmaceutical Quality Management System. IIM Ahmedabad success stories Chetan Bhagat Harsha Bhogle make my trips deep Kalra and there IIM A connect. How to Register your Business under Startup India Government Scheme: [removed]. Is India a stable place to do business in. Top 20 Silent Party Headphones in Delhi Rental Headphones. Panel gives green signal to 150 private trains on 100 routes. Disrupt Global Hotel Industry Really. First Copy Luxury Watches Online: [removed]. Foxconn cancels plans for 5 billion investments in India.  BSVI . Retention Bonus taxation: [removed]. Big Star Productions OneStopAgency for Top Notch Event Management Services. Nikhil Khurana Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. ISO 27001 Information Security Management. Patek Philippe Nautilus Mens Watches 5711/1A 010 7799.00 8799.00 DaAmaze. Brand Monitoring: [removed]. Nickel Strips Good Quality Nickel Strips Best Quality Nickel Strips. Paytm Adds Transaction Fee On Its Digital Wallet.. 2019 A Look Back at Our Wins and Learnings: [removed]. Trade unions call for Bharat Bandh on January 8 Things to know. Planning a trip abroad 12 countries that are going easy on Indian passport holders Sri Lanka. How to get money back when deposited to incorrect account: Need help I have deposited money via online transfer to an incorrect account. Is there any way to get it back The receiving account is in different bank then mine. Does anyone have any experience with this Please help. Sold lots of paintings on EBAY New years day 2020. Code on Wages 2019 Soon you will get full and final payment just 2 days after you leave job. cash app support identity verification: [removed]. A microfinance crisis is brewing in Assam leaving behind a trail of deaths and broken families. Arya Samaj Marriage In Hyderabad: [removed]. Mudit Nayar Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Roop Durgapal Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. ISO 9001 Quality Management System. Latest Cotton Silk Saree With Price Rs 825 Blouse Silk Sarees .... Top 10 Astrologers in Chandigarh Famous Astrologers. Beautiful Balaton Silk saree With Price Rs 999 Wedding Collectio.... Realistic Guide To Generating 200 from india in usd bonus Cash each month with minimal efforts: [removed]. Stock Manipulation Is Rampant amp Unchecked Heres Why. Textile hub Tirupur in a stitch as world brands cut down export orders. Bharti Airtel gets shareholders nod to raise up to 3 bn. Flash pair spot cards board game. On popular demand How I track my life investments and set it up for family after I am gone. Simple solution using MS Excel and Google Sheets.. Tapar Roller Making Machine Jay Ambe Industries. Jio Mart is currently operating in Navi Mumbai Kalyan and Thane. The agency in the end plans to scale its operations to a countrywide degree soon.. Help me money got stuck inside sbi cash deposit machine: [removed]. Dictatorship no accountability no jobs People in Jammu say Modi govt has failed them. Submit a request Binance Desk: [removed]. Hinduja Synergy Dubai fund may bid for Jet Airways. QMS Consulting. Help me money got stuck in atm: [removed]. India likes to dress up for weddings and festivals why the party never stopped at Manyavar. Which is your favorite franchise business opportunity in India and why : There are 10000 Franchised Brands in India operating currently. Which are the ones that would be your top picks for 2020 and why.. Bosch to cut thousands of jobs in India as auto sales slump. How to List Products on Government eMarketplace: [removed]. Best Way to Invest In Direct Mutual Funds. At SoftBanks prized India investment Oyo A toxic culture and troubling incidents. Adani to buy 75 stake in Krishnapatnam Port. Australias neobank Xinja plans to enter India Malaysia. Hinduja Synergy Dubai fund may bid for Jet Airways. How to shield yourself from slowdown Start building a corpus early on: [deleted]. Fake food shops flourish on Swiggy and Zomato users in distress. At SoftBanks jewel Oyo a toxic culture and troubling incidents. The world is moving towards World War 3 world war 3 news today. Compare amp Save on Cheap Hotel Deals HotelsCombined....Check available hotels all around the world.... Builder blames delayed rent by India for missed debt payment. OYO Toxic culture troubling incidents reported at SoftBanks India jewel. Can anyone tell me expected salary increment in a public relations agency in India: [removed]. Nutritious Innovative and Delightful Dairy Products FonterraFuture Dairy. Top 5 PTE Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh Best PTE Classes Grotal. Avinash Mukherjee Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Megha Dhade Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. ISO 45001 Knowledge and Awareness. OYO Toxic culture troubling incidents reported at SoftBanks India jewel. AltBalaji to create over 60 original series with Zee5 moves content behind paywall. Get INR 3000 Instant Cash Loan Within 48 Hrs in Your Bank Account Avail Finance: [removed]. Hindustan Times Public Notice Advertisement Booking at Best Rates. Want to Migrate Canada Contact Beyond Infinity LLP We are now regulated with Attorney David Cohen. At SoftBanks Jewel in India Toxic Culture and Troubling Incidents. To realise NIP worth Rs 102 lakh crore Modi govt needs Indians to save longterm. Sri Lanka extends free tourist visa facility to India until 30 April. Bharat Bond ETFs were listed on stock exchanges Indias first corporate bond ETFs. Bharat Bond ETF April 2023 today traded between 1001 to 1000 on NSE today while the ETF April 2030 between 1004.90 and RS 1000.40 as compared to the offer price of 1000 in both the issues.. Account Types in Telecom Operators: The Ideas and others Network has started new concept of main and secondary account like jio. Since 30/Sep/2019. If your main account balance is Then this never will expire and Customerss have to recharge like top Up recharge. For suppose rs.102050. Etc.. Remains recharge plan come in secondary account like your 3849 etc. this kind of recharge and validity will finished according to plans after this you cant use calls also lack speed of Date browsing.. This totally to bring up Users fool.. And fellow up Jio service. Oyo aims to be the worlds biggest hotel chain. But its growth was fueled by questionable practices. Shravan Reddy Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Samridh Bawa Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Financing Services India SME Loan Vehicle Finance IndoStar. ISO Internal Auditing. Top 20 Voting Pads Providers in Bangalore Buy or Hire. Fuel Additive Valvoline India. India and the industry 4.0: Hi people of reddit I am doing a MUN project which is a roleplaying game about the United Nations and I am part of the Indian delegation. Our agenda this year is to help the country develop a 4.0 industry which is a type of industry that uses technology and sensors without almost any help from human labour. I have made some google searches but it seems that getting hold of information about this topic is very hard since I did not find any government site or respectable newspaper talking about it so I ask you Indian redditors. What is a reliable government source where I can get some more information Do you have any experience with industry 4.0 What do you think about the labour conditions in India Is the govern doing anything in order to promote innovation Thanks a lot for helping me out. c. Best Coolant Engine Oil for Cars Valvoline India. Valvoline High Mileage Heavy Duty Engine Oil. Best Synthetic Engine Oil for Cars Valvoline India. Spark Realty. Best Engine Oil for Bike Valvoline India. IT Company in Bhandara Maharashtra Contact Mujha Bhandara: [removed]. Sensex Nifty move higher metal stocks shine. Majha Bhandara Tech Website Designer amp Web Developer: [removed]. Asias richest man takes on retail giant Amazon. IRCTCs New Year 2020 gift tour to South India Goa and Andamans. Walmart India appoints Sameer Aggarwal as Deputy Chief Executive Officer. Coalfired plants around New Delhi running despite missing emissions deadline. It is discomforting to know that Im in the top 10 to 20 of the population when i cant even afford house rent.. Took this photo of my random village in Majuli Assam today. Converted the four hundred rupees from my piggy bank to USD. Gonna spend the rest of my life helping the poor kinds of the underdeveloped nation of America.. Need guidance in starting business: [removed]. Happy New Year 2020 IGSA Labs: [removed]. List of Public Sector Banks in India: Do you ever get confused between banks authority like which is private and which one owned by the government itself dont worry we are making your work easy ampx200B just click on the link below and check out the public sector banks that actually owned by government itself. Suresh Nanda gives The Claridges an impeccable verve with world art and food. List of Top Richest Person in India as per Forbes Magazine 2019. Powders for 3D printing: [removed]. Vijay Shekhar Sharma The man who walked past failures to catch the steady success with PayTm Startup of India. Powders for 3d Printing. Reliance to venture in ecommerce with Jio Mart initial rollout in Mumbai: [https//www.businessstandard.com/article/companies/reliancetoventureinecommercewithjiomartinitialrolloutinmumbai119123100606\1.html]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/companies/reliancetoventureinecommercewithjiomartinitialrolloutinmumbai1191231006061.html ampx200B Not Sure what Jio is upto. They are trying to compete the likes of Amazon and Flipkart now. What do you guys think P.S I am not a big fan of Ajio their support was pathetic. Not sure how they are recently. Avengers Endgame set record in online ticket booking in India.. Rohit Suchanti Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Arjun Aneja Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. ISO 9001 LeadAuditor Prior knowledge required. SED Digital Marketing Solutions Wishing You A Happy New Year 2020: SED Digital Marketing Solutions We Create Publish amplify. ampx200B Wishing You A Happy New Year 2020 ampx200B This New Year Take Youre Business Online Where It Actually Belongs With Our Services. ampx200B The SED Digital Marketing Solutions Margadarshi Colony Road no 4A Near Astha Lakshmi Temple Kothapet Hyderabad Telangana 500035 India. ampx200B OUR HOURS MONSAT 1000 AM 6 00 PM amp Sunday Upto 2PM ampx200B CONTACT US Phone 24035506 Email [thesedmediagmail.com]mailtothesedmediagmail.com Website [https//thesedmedia.com/]https//thesedmedia.com/ https//preview.redd.it/z2z4gon72y741.jpgwidth1200ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsdb782c1e6d96d4905a0a4ea4c588851916aee160. SchoolBasix Buy Safari Bold Yellow School Backpack. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Payment After Work. Priya Wal Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Rushal Parakh Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Your Boy From Mumbai now has his own podcast for Business.. Trading strategy for the year 2020: Any suggestions for the coming year 2020. ISO 9001 LeadAuditor Course. How to Start Your Copper Wire Recycling Business. Best loan app in India. Junior DPS Vishwas Nagar. Get Mesmerizing Redmi Note 4 Mobile Cover Back Cover at Beyoung: [removed]. Richmond Hills Plots For Sale At Balapur Hyderabad In New 2020 Year Contact 9703189992. YONO SBI Trend On Twitter. Top 20 Bosch Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai on Hire. Indias Internet Shutdowns Costing Mobile Carriers Millions of Rupees in Lost Revenue Reuters. The 10 best places to celebrate New Years Eve around the world. Airtel nearly doubles its minimum recharge plan.. Franchise India Best Business Of 2020 / Rs 50000/ /.... Chargeback is not just for credit cards: If youve gone through posts where a person is screwed over by a business youll frequently see the line why didnt you pay by credit card you couldve disputed it Now credit card penetration is very low in India and theres a high chance this person paid by debit card doesnt even try to dispute the charge because he feels he cant do it. This stupid line gets upvoted and its generally suggested to beg the merchant for a refund or consumer court and all that. So to clarify if you have any Visa/MC card doesnt matter credit or debit you can dispute your charges. Your bank forwards the dispute to them and the payment processors look into it. The only disadvantage here is that you dont pay right away for the disputed transaction theres a high probability that within the 30 day window of paying your credit card bill the dispute would be resolved. But you still get your money back. Please just research before spreading incomplete info or else dont beat the person up for no reason other than your half knowledge.. What credit card is best in India for travel rewards: Hi I am looking for a credit card which offers good rewards in the form of air miles or discounts on travel sites like MakeMyTrip/Yatra/Goibibo. I have a business in India for which Ill be using this card to pay for its expenses like fuel electricity. I just want to rack up points or get discounts on flights because I have to travel a lot in and out of India. Please dont suggest to not use a credit card. Also income level criteria is not an issue though I do not want to pay much in annual fees. Any tips appreciated. Getting Maharashtra economy past USD 1 trillion mark tough Jayant Patil. Internet shutdowns due to CAA protests cost mobile operators around 24.5 million rupees in revenue every hour:  Indian mobile operators are losing around 24.5 million rupees 350000 in revenue every hour they are forced to suspend internet services on government orders to control protests against a new citizenship law a top lobby group said on Friday Countrywide protests have raged for three weeks after parliament passed legislation which gives minorities from neighbouring Pakistan Afghanistan and Bangladesh a path to citizenship but excludes Muslims That coupled with a plan for a national register of citizens are seen by critics as antiMuslim moves by the Hindu nationalist government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi [https//www.firstpost.com/india/internetshutdownsduetocaaprotestscostmobileoperatorsaround245millionrupeesinrevenueeveryhour7833911.html]https//www.firstpost.com/india/internetshutdownsduetocaaprotestscostmobileoperatorsaround245millionrupeesinrevenueeveryhour7833911.html. Sensex rallies 411 points Nifty above 12200mark bank stocks spurt ahead of Nirmala Sitharamans meet with PSB heads tomorrow Firstpost. Sugar Traders Hold Tight Indias Set to Roil Markets Again. Linking PANAadhar by December 31 mandatory for NRIs Anyones heard of this : [removed]. www.taraestatespvtltd.com. Diamond engagement ring guide. Enquiry Mart Hire Best Packers and movers Packers and Movers: [removed]. Turn Luxury Apartment into Your Dream Home. Ali Merchant Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist astrologers in Bangalore Best vashikaran services Grotal. Research MethodologyModern Methods: Well today I was learning of different approaches to research And various methodology . All I ever wanted was to solve interesting problems turns out research is one of the ways . And people pay you to solve a problems based on the effectiveness of the solution . I have learnt musch off the internet but dono whats the right way to learn researching looking for heros and mentors to follow . I came across 1https//www.drjohnlatham.com/ 2TheFutur on YouTube owned and operated by TheChrisDo. this isnt directly related to researchbut towards design but his methods are pretty close to it.. Sahil Uppal Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Latest Designs Pure Banarasi Cotton Silk Saree With Price Weddin.... Saumya Tandon Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Myntra processes 13000 orders per minute at peak of festive sale. ISO 9001 Quality Management System. Layoffs at unicorn club set tone for tougher 2020 Times of India. Manpower Supply in Sharjah. brandbrahma.com is on sale. Linen Clothing for Winter Weddings Linen Club. Bengaluru startups gave birth to most of Indias young billionaires. Why is Indias economy in shambles when the US Economy is at its all time high: The US economy is on fire as NASDAQ crossed over 9000 points to a new record high How the hell did we manage to screw up a 7GDP economy such badly when the world is prospering so much. Buying rupees: Hey guys buying Indian rupees. Offer only if you can mail it to Europe. Interested in coins only. Willing to over pay. Maxepe Full Hindi Plan Earning And Monthly salary Shopping Income Pla.... auratravels.com is on sale. Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 999 Tirumala Tech Sarees Wedding.... s2do.in is on sale. Notice Advertisement Booking in Daily Thanthi Tamil News Paper. Johnson amp Johnson fined Rs 230.4 crore for not passing on GST benefits to customers. How A Bulk SMS Gateway Helps Promote Your Small and Medium Business. ISO 27001 Information Security Management. For 1st time Air India refuses tickets to government agencies that owe it over Rs 10 lakh. Financial Planning for Beginners Advisorymandi.com. NPCI announces NETC FASTag recharge option through BHIM UPI. GeM registration for Catering Service Providers: [removed]. Mumbai Body Massage. Pan Order Booking Spine: [removed]. Best Granites in Kerala Tamil Nadu Karnataka: ampx200B [Premium Quality Granites From Orissa Rajasthan Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Tamilnadu... Rate starts from Rs 60\/sqft. Cash on delivery all Kerala Tamilnadu Karnataka. Please Share.....]https//preview.redd.it/m3dnymkobx641.jpgwidth900ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsa66ea74e4dd457fb21ab32c9df2696a0fbbf4475. Top 10 Language Interpretation Equipments on Hire in Delhi. Bhutan plans increase travel fee for Indian tourists. Hi r/india My startup recently launched a digital comics app called Kross Komics. Its essentially a webtoon popular digital comics format from Korea platform made with Indians price sensitivity in mind. Do check it out. Thanks: [removed]. Lessons Learned and Continuous Improvement. India democracy questioned on spyware and data bill. Gang breaks into finance firm flees with 70 kg of gold. 4 Best Money Lending Websites for Personal Loans with Low / Bad Credit Score. What are Good Investment Option Available for the NRI in India: [removed]. oxyveda.com is on sale: [removed]. roix.in is on sale.  3 . FraudHit Bank in India Alleges It Has Been Swindled Again. Arpit Ranka Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Afsana Khan Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Audit and Maintain: [removed]. loverboy.in is on sale. Building Brands With Purpose amp Passion: [removed]. Investing in right mutual funds can makes you rich.. Requirements for NRI while selling the property in India: [removed]. Get Best Deals on All Banking Software Service in India. Mobile internet shutdown hit ebusiness in Lucknow. Job benefits for AWS certifies. Asias richest man Mukesh Ambani saw his wealth surge 18 billion this year. Asias richest man saw his wealth surge 18 billion this year. Cheap Online Women and Fashion Accessories Fabhooks. Global Employment Survey for expats and business owners. Shilpa Saklani Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Best Interior Designers in Ghaziabad: [removed]. Is hdfc imperia worthwhile: Recently was asked by my HDFC Relationship Manager to give consent to upgrade account from preferred to Imperia Has anyone used an hdfc imperia Are there any tangible benefits in making the upgrade. Silent Party Headphones in Pune Silent Disco Headphones. NEW PLAN BIG OPPORTUNITY MAXEPE SHOP MORE PAY LESS: [removed]. Manpower Supply in Dubai. Objectives of Quality Assurance in the Pharmaceutical Industry. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Mahindra and Mahindra announces succession plan Rajan Wadhera to step down. Top 5 Golden Steps Towards a Safe Financial Journey. Can Ola Electric Cabs Become Poor Mans Tesla In India. Strategy 2025 Hyundai may expedite electric vehicle launches in India. Book Display Ads in Sanmarg with Bookadsnow. Know the History of Voodoo Dolls and How It Works Vashikaran Specialists. zizy.in is on sale. Tim Draper pioneering crypto VC reconsiders India investments. s2do.in is on sale. Indian Railways Sees Alarming Shortfall in Expected Freight Traffic Revenue. flysolo.in is on sale. TIL that BR Shetty MD of NMC Group and Sudhir Kumar Shetty President of UAE Exchange support the Indian organization RSS that orchestrates violence actively among Indian Muslims and other minorities: ampx200B [And yet these people live in and build their empires in a Muslim country. Img credit u\/TheUrbanBedouin]https//preview.redd.it/oh9cwppbm5641.jpgwidth1287ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps2c9733e4d241d9b49b695a3203b74f2b186d4bda. DoT seeks Rs 1.72 lakh cr from GAIL in telecom dues.. How to Earn Money in India from Google AdSense in Detail Episode 1 Desi Dealer. When is Bitcoin ATM coming to India Does anyone have any information about this Img src r/BITCOIN. When is this coming to India Does anyone have any information about this. Call Girls In Noida 918800399879 Call Girls In Majnu Ka Tilla Call Girls GTB Naga:  Escort[s]https//www.in.locan.to/Escorts/20905/ Service In Delhi 88 00 399 879 Roshni CALL/WHATS APP 91 8800399879 HELLO HI DELHI NCR GUYSGENTLEMANBIGNESS MAN IF YOU ARE REAL LOOKING HIGH CLASS INDIAN TOP MODELS TYPE COLLAGE GIRLS / TEEN GIRLS / MATURED HOUSE WIFE I PROVIDE ALL DELHI NCR HOTELS AND HOMES SERVICE BOOKING SHORT OR NIGHT. We are high class Elite Indian Escort agency providing a quality honest escort services to discerning lady and gentlemen located in india. We provide a indian escort service that is second to none. One that is totally to the client who wants to escape the usual amp proceed to experience of unforgettable amp discreet Escort Services..WOMEN SEEKING MEN WE provide Incall amp OutCall both type of Escort Service in New Delhi. Our Escorts Agency offering Models Housewives College Girls Airhostees Independent High Profile Escorts amp Russian Escorts. They all are belongs for different2 cities of India like South Indian Punjabi Tamil Chinese Russian Nepali and Delhi based Call Girls CALL Rajiv 08800399879 WHATS APP OUR MENU Models vip Models Russian Models Foreigner Models TV Actress and Celebrities Receptionist Air Hostess Call Center Working Girls/Women HiTech Co. Girls/Women Housewife Collage Going Girls. Travelling Escorts. Rampmodels Foreigner And Many More.. Incall amp Outcall Available... INDEPENDENT GIRLS / HOUSE WIFES. OUR BEST SERVICES ALevel 5 star escort Striptease BBBJ Bareback Blowjob Spending time in my rooms BJ Blowjob Without a Condom COF Come On Face Completion Oral to completion nonrecoverable Special Massage OLevel Oral sex Blow Job Oral sex with a noncondom COB Come On Body. Extraball Have sex many times. All Meetings We Provide Hottest Female With Me Are Safe And Consensual With Most Limits Respected Complete Satisfaction Guaranteed...Service Available In 24/7 3 \ 5 \7 \Star Hotel Service In. In Call amp Out call service avileble also. InCall / OutCall All Over Delhi 24/7 Contact Any Time 24/7... 100 GENUINE SERVICE WITH GOOD PLACE amp HI FI GIRLS\\ My service available in DELHI [GURGAON]https//gurgaon.in.locan.to/ amp NOIDA. Out Call Services Also Available All Over Delhi Gurgaon And Noida Call ME For Genuine Service. WE WILL PROVIDE YOU BEST GENUINE SAFE HYGIENIC CLEAN ACCOMMODATION. OUTCALL ALSO AVAILABLE. If you are searching for HOT girls in Delhi then we have a staff of World Best Escort Girls. We have Russians House wife College Girls Air Hostess Models VIP girls School girls and more options for Gentlemans. Your one call can make your night with unlimited fun and enjoyment. CALL Rajiv 08800399879 Our girls are fully trained and having well experience in providing world class Escort Services in Delhi. The most important part of our services in Rates i.e too reasonable. Our Services area are Mahipalpur Delhi Airport Aerocity CP Vasant Kunj Dwarka South Ext. Noida Vaishali Gurgaon and covering all Delhi and Ncr. Just call us and Select a girls from our Gallery. below photos are just for demonstration we have something spacial then this photos.. CALL Rajiv 08800399879 We provide Models VIP Models Russian Models Foreigner Models TV Actress and Celebrities Receptionist Air Hostess Call Center Working Girls/Women HiTech Co. Girls/Women Housewife Collage Going Girls. Traveling Escorts. Rampmodels Foreigner And Many More.. Incall amp Outcall Available... INDEPENDENT GIRLS / HOUSE WIFES TIME WASTERS AND BARGAINERS ARE PLEASE EXCUSE WE RESPECT YOUR SAFETY AND PRIVACY AND EXPECT THE SAME FROM YOU . Indications Your Quality Management Process Is Dysfunctional. CAA Protests Place Fresh Spotlight on Property Bank Rules that Exclude Foreign Muslims. Indications Your Quality Management Process Is Dysfunctional. Manufacturer to deep freez and many more:  refrigerator manufacturers includes the most reliable models available ranked by users with actual experience with fridges \refrigeratormanufacturers \cooler \watercooler \milkcooler \housecooler \supplier \cnc \wholesaler \retailers \expoter \refrigerator. Amazon Cloud Services CloudIBN. Best oncologist in Delhi NCR. Is it safe to invest in Mutual Fund under current economic scenario : [removed]. New Strength Full Sleeve TShirts Out. SoftBank Vision Fund invests 275M in Indias Lenskart: SoftBank Vision Funds investment pushes [Lenskarts]http//lenskart.com/ alltime raise to 456 million. A person familiar with the matter told TechCrunch that the new round values Lenskart at over 1.5 billion. . Charu Asopa Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Praneet Bhat Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Chetna Pande Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Ayurvedic panchakarma treatment and therapy centers in Delhi. Shop First Copy Watches DaAmaze. Anand Mahindra To Step Down As Mahindra amp Mahindra Executive Chairman From April 1. Best Order Management System Software Inventory Sync amp Order. Aadhaar Card AEPS Complete Overview Benefits Services in a Glance. Document Control. Best Immigration Consultants in Chandigarh. Share Market Reaches an AllTime High Today Sensex Reaches 41798 Daily Xpress News. Fortis Max hospitals to stop cashless treatment if Modi govt doesnt clear dues in 15 days. Tata vs Mistry What next in Indias biggest corporate thriller. Ankur Nayyar Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Industry ARPU needs to reach Rs 300 Trai intervention needed Sunil Mittal. 5 best home relocation service providers in Gurgaon Best Relocation services Grotal. 20 Quick Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore Money back Guarantee. Top English Speaking Institutes in Gurgaon Best English Classes Grotal. Quality Instruments. What are Valve and its types: Valves are beginning or stopping flow regulation or strangulation flow preventing backflow or relieving and regulation pressure in fluid or vapourish handling applications. There are various types include [Ball Valves]http//parthvalve.com/ballvalves.html Damper valves Y strainer Safety valves [Sampling Valves]http//parthvalve.com/samplingvalve.html Butterfly valves Diaphragm valves [Actuators]http//parthvalve.com/actuators.html Nonreturn valves sight glass etc.. Gst In India:  What is GST is question of all since last 2 years so read below to solve the riddle. There are two type of Taxes 1. Direct Tax Direct Tax is Income Tax. Learn to know ways to save income tax . Income tax is the tax that a person pays on his Income so it rises with rise in income. Wish to know about importance of filing income tax return. Regulatory authority of Income Tax and GST in India are different so income tax has nothing to do with gst. 2. Indirect Tax Indirect Tax included Service tax Excise Duty Vat Central Sales Tax and Entertainment tax prior to GST in India. There are about 17 taxes in it. After implementation of GST in India all above mentioned taxes have been abolished. Earlier businessman had to deal with lot of departments to get things done. There were different set of rules in every state so the taxes on multiple level. This resulted in tax on tax so of prices of goods and services. All the taxes has been abolished and GST is introduced in India. This tax was imposed in India on 1st July 2017. What is [GST in India]https//onlinetaxfilingindia.com/ GST means good and service tax. GST introduced in India so goods and expensive services became cheape. As of now you might have got bit idea of your question what is GST Lets continue with type of GST. Types GST imposed on goods and services are CGST SGST and IGST 1. SGST/ CGST SGST means state goods and service tax. CGST means central goods and service tax. These are similar kind of taxes. The proportion of SGST and CGST is equal. If on goods tax is 5 then it will be 2.5 of CGST and 2.5 of SGST. Example CGST and SGST will be charged by registered dealer of Delhi making sales in Delhi. IGST IGST means integrated goods and service tax. It is imposed on interstate sale of goods and services. Example Registered dealer of Delhi will charge IGST on sales in UP. Registered dealer means those dealers who have obtained [GST Registration Online]https//www.onlinetaxfilingindia.com/blogs/gstinindia/. You may also obtain GST registration online. To know more please call us on number mentioned below.. Manpower Supply in Abu Dhabi. PAID SURVEY ON FOOD HABITS: [removed]. RPA Training in Hyderabad Ameerpet RPA Course RPA Online Training. After onions potato prices on fire jump 75 in Delhi. Kids Clothing Shop for Kids Dresses Kids Wear and Get Upto 70 Off. Cyrus Mistry reinstated as Tata Sons chairman by Indian tribunal. Packers and Movers in Mumbai Shift Your Stuff With professionals. Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 750 Tirumala Tech Wedding Part.... Continuous Improvement. NCLAT restores Cyrus Mistry as executive chairman of Tata Group. Cyrus Mistry restored as Tata Sons Chairman by NCLAT. tata group NCLAT restores Cyrus Mistry as chairman of Tata Group N Chandrasekarans appointment held illegal. theindiangirls.com is on sale. Audience Response System on Rent in Hyderabad. Please Fill the survey and help us know what would you like to buy this New Year: [removed]. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Hyderabad Voting Pads. Attach your Car Bike Auto amp ERickshaw With Ola Today: Do you want to start a business with ola cabs and attach your car bike auto and erickshaw with Ola If yes then you are at right article because here we are going to share every single detail you need to know before and while attaching your vehicle with ola cabs. How to Attach Your Car With Ola 1 [Go to the ]https//partners.olacabs.com/drive[official website]https//partners.olacabs.com/drive 2 Enter your name phone number select your city and verify reCAPTCHA on the form [img]b6m470t1lc541 4 Click on Submit your Application 5 Now you will see a success message i.e. Thank you Our team will get in touch with you in 24 hours. 6 You will get a call from ola operator within 24 hours. They will ask some questions and you need to answer them. 7 Follow the procedure Thats it. You will become ola partner but to start working with ola cabs you need to download an app called ola partner app through which you can start working with ola. You can find all information about income opportunity of ola features benefits of ola partner app here [olapartnerapk.com]https//olapartnerapk.com If you have any kind of issue then please comment here. I will try my best to help you.. Bookadsnow Your Guide to Modernday Advertising Solutions. Guide to get quick cash loans in India:  Guide to get [quick cash loans]https//www.loanwalle.com in India Money troubles are something that all of us face from time to time. To know your options when you hit your financial crunch is a hard deal to crack. However for you to make sure that you get quick cash loans you need to know what your options are. It is true that the world has many options for credit and loans that might help you out but with a solid knowledge of the same you might find yourself in the middle of a huge whirlwind of problems. Here is a guide to help you out Things to know before you go looking for a loan Most of the people make the mistake of applying for a loan before they know how much they really need. In this manner most of the people may actually find themselves caught up with applications for more money than they need to borrow. Here are some things to keep in mind o Make sure you know how much money you need o Remember that quick cash loans are basically shortterm loans so they have high interest rates o Always have a plan ready to pay for the amount just in case your cash does not come through When to get [fast cash loans]https//www.loanwalle.com Apart from knowing how to pay the borrowed money back you need to remember that you cannot borrow money for luxuries. Always remember that the borrowed money will need to be returned with an interest. So if you want luxuries work hard for them. However always keep the quick cash loans option saved for emergencies. Here is a list of emergencies that you can make use of the loans for o You can book a flight with this kind of money if you need to visit a client or a family member for an emergency o You can use the money for urgent car repairs o In cases of medical emergencies quick cash loans can come in handy for paying for treatments and other things o You could make use of quick cash loans to get some new work clothes if you do not have them etc. Know where to get it from When you look for quick cash loans make sure that you know where you need to borrow the money from. Consider the type of loan you need and the amount of money you need. The point is that not all fast cash loan lenders will be able to offer you the amount you need. You should look for those with a good approval process. Furthermore look for lenders with hasslefree procedure too. With that in mind you could also borrow the money from your relatives friends or somebody you know. Or else you could look at some lenders for fast cash loans as well. Once you know where to get the loan from and you know how much money you need remember to fill out the forms carefully. This will help you to deal with things better.. Start Your Own Business In Education Sector. The Top 10 Populations By Country In The World 19602019. Karnataka Farmer Sells Onions Worth Rs 96 Lakh. Customer Satisfaction with Product Quality. Waste Management in Chennai Saahas Zero Waste: [removed]. Which Things We Must Check Before Hiring Any Packers Company. 12 IMPORTANT DENTAL CARE TIPS FOR KIDS THAT YOU SHOULDNT IGNORE Tooth Fairy. Buy Tshirts Online Choose from Thousands of Brands Get Discounts and Promotional Offers. Wireless Silent Conference Systems in Delhi Rental Services. EPF amp ESIC registration in getting roads construction contracts: [removed]. Silent Conference Systems in Delhi Hire Conference Equipments Grotal. PPF Scheme 2019 Modi Govt Notifies New PPF Rules Account Will Not Be Liable to Attachment LatestLY. Book Golden triangle tour 3 days from hemkund travels: [Golden triangle tour 3 days]https//www.hemkundtravels.com/goldentriangletoursdays/goldentriangletour3days tour gives you a lifetime opportunity to explore colorings of India. This tour is ideal for those who wants to take a dip into rich Indian history way of life and traditions. A visit to the three historical cities Delhi Agra and Jaipur will come up with the maximum memorable moments of your life.. Latest Design Kanjivaram Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 650 T.... SBI other PSBs to lend Rs 4000 cr to Patanjali for Ruchi Soya acquisition. Nirmala Sitharaman starts preBudget consultations Budget likely on Feb 1. Indian State to Train 20000 Blockchain Experts by 2022. Residential Projects with Best Locations Developed by Alcove Realty. 2020 Rs 50000/ Just STA.... Aadhaar Card Interesting amp Fun Facts. Buy Avenue Plots In Hyderabad For Just Rs 6500/ Per Square Yard Limited Period Offer. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Pune Money back Guarantee. Key Values of Project Managers. List of Vashikaran Specilaists in Pune with Contact Number. Jeff Bezos named the Business Person of the Decade Founder of Amazon.com. Best Computer Courses in Pitampura New Delhi: [removed]. MODA SURPRISE PLUS. Design to enhnace your productivity. Contact us 91 8100 8100 97. Nubia Red Magic 3s review Good successor but competition has gotten tougher. Saya Gold Avenue built with 1225 crores to be completed by year end. Kids Accessories Buy Online Baby Fashion Accessories at Fabhooks. On Shopping Spree Onions Free Maharashtra Cloth Shop Offers 1 Kg Bulbs on Rs 1000 Purchase. Maxepe Full Hindi Plan Earning And Monthly salary Shopping Income Pla...: [removed]. Maxepe Full Hindi Plan Earning And Monthly salary Shopping Income Pla.... zizy.in is on sale. Plots Picnic Resort Nal Safari By Rituraj Sanand Ahmedabad. Latest Kanjivaram Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 650 Tirumala.... vmdia.com is on sale. Laparoscopic surgical oncologist Hyderabad Himayatnagar Dr.Madhu. No more mobile pujas amp cricket Data price pinches poor as much as onions.. How IIT graduates are giving up on their dollar dreams for startups and newage tech companies.:  https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/jobs/howiitgraduatesaregivingupontheirdollardreamsforstartupsandnewagetechcompanies/articleshow/72619287.cms. Robotic surgeon Hyderabad Himayatnagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty. Get Family Matching Outfits For Your Family This Winter Festive Season. Ecommerces effect on our economy: Do you guys think some of this economic slowdown can be linked to our increasing online shopping at for example amazon instead of the local shopkeeper I know ecommerce industry generated a lot of jobs but overall did it boost our economy . Bengalurus silent night. People in India can now create QR Codes that replace Business Cards with this nifty tool saving contact details directly to the phone without the need for any app.. EInvoicing is Coming for Business who are having Turnover more than 100 Cr:  [\GST]https//twitter.com/hashtag/GSTsrchashtagclick 13 Dec 2019 EInvoicing is Coming for Business who are having Turnover more than 100 Cr. Watch this short video on whats coming new in GST EInvoicing [https//youtu.be/fHV6RUBKz9I]https//t.co/od6jtIXP6Samp1 [\GST]https//twitter.com/hashtag/GSTsrchashtagclick [\GSTUPDATES]https//twitter.com/hashtag/GSTUPDATESsrchashtagclick [\GSTN]https//twitter.com/hashtag/GSTNsrchashtagclick [\GSTNEWS]https//twitter.com/hashtag/GSTNEWSsrchashtagclick. axngym.com is on sale. India Job Alert Latest Govt. Job Update:  FreeJobalert of Latest notifications regarding Central govt. jobs / sarkari naukri Banks RRB SSC UPSC PSU All state govt. jobsState public service commissions Jobs. Subscribe to [India Job Alert Latest Govt. Job Update]http//odishaprime.com/category/govtjobs/. GeM Registration for the Paper Product Suppliers: [removed]. Oncologist surgeon Hyderabad Himayatnagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty. robotic surgical oncologist surgeon hyderabad Dr. Madhu Devarasetty. Data Deal is only app to connect reseller direct with Brand Owner. manipalcafe.com is on sale. Growth and Dividend Option in Mutual Funds Difference: [removed]. Baseer Ali Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Arshi Khan Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Structural Engineers. RIP Kingfisher Meet Indias New Kings Of Good Times. Buy Mom Dad and Baby matching outfits Family Matching Cloths Fabhooks. Key Values of Project Managers. brandbrahma.com is on sale. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata Payment After Work. Want to be an MBA Why not electrician. Tata Consultancy CEO remains bullish despite global uncertainties. What is GST Suvidha Kendra. Global Oil Production By Country 19692017. Guys I need an opinion from you regarding this topic and it help me to finish my graduate project.: SurveyHeart http//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.surveyheart. Income tax on foreign income: Im 20 and about to get 4000 dollars from Dubai for selling my app should I have to pay taxes on it. If yess then how much. Shama Sikander Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Official Document Translation Services in Delhi. Top Document Translation Services in Delhi Legal Translation. QMS Processes. Govt to sell 100 stake in Air India Union minister Hardeep Singh Puri tells Lok Sabha. How the ModiAdani Link Hurts Defence Indigenization. http//www.aldhia.com/: Aldhia HR Consultant. Process Equipments Manufacturers in IndiaCentPro: ISO 9001 Certified Company CentPro Engg. is Indias one of the best equipment manufacturers in Bhosari Pune. We offer highquality manufacturing heat exchangers pressure vessels and tanks manufacturing for all industries. Call us freely for inquiry. Visit for more [https//centpro.com/]https//centpro.com/ ampx200B Processing img 2k6fctim85441.... Slowdown a correction liquidity problem behind us Tata Sons chairman N Chandrasekaran. TRS Shiv Sena DMK and TMC Protest in Lok Sabha over Nonpayment of GST Dues to States. Customer Speak Ghosh Family from Flora Fountain. Top 5 office relocation service providers in Gurgaon Best Relocation services Grotal. Rohit Khandelwal Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Tarun Virwani Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. FlySolo.in is on SALE. Data Management. Help the needy . Join GST and Income Tax Certification Training Program Are you looking to pursue a career in taxation field. Wooden Mandirs for home. Digital Marketing Training in Hyderabad Online Digital Marketing Training: [removed]. How does GST apply on LIC Life Insurance Policy: [removed]. RPA Training in Hyderabad Ameerpet RPA Course RPA Online Training. Make your Event a Talk Show Funlearning with Audience Response System. Digital Marketing Job Oriented Practical Training Institute. Family Matching Clothing Buy Mom Dad and Baby matching outfits Fabhooks. Where has all the money gone from the system. Equity flows see sharpest dip in 3.5 years slip 78 in November. Varun Sood Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Anveshi Jain Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Piyush Sahdev Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. SBI underreported bad loans by 11932 crore in FY19 finds RBI report. Organizational Structure and Responsibilities. Government eMarketplace Sellers have to pay Transaction Charges: [removed]. Why Economic Times Rural Strategy Summit is vital for marketers. Venus Remedies Limited Corporate Video 2019: [removed]. Open Door for Your Career with EAccounting Course in Delhi . 1 HR Generalist with Free SAP HR HCM amp Excel Certification Training Course. brandbrahma.com is on SALE. Steel Structural design KN Structural Engineers. Pharma Billing Software Generate Bills with 30 Second: Are you looking for [pharma billing software]https//www.espine.in/pharmatrader choose Spines PharmaTrader which is a software for billing accounting gst reporting and inventory management. The software is dedicated for pharma wholesaler retailer and manufacturer. More information please visit the official website of Spine Software Systems Pvt Ltd. Website [https//www.espine.in/]https//www.espine.in/. Get Excellence in Data Analytics From Certified Institute For Advanced Excel Course . Top 20 Pan Mixer Machine Manufacturers amp Suppliers in Kolkata. SAP HR Human Capital Management HCM Certification Training Course Institute Calling all Aspiring HR Professional to Attend. Is there any way to revitalize Punjab: My family immigrated to Canada a long time ago but my folks visit India regularly. Theres always a discussion of Punjab basically suffering from a host of social and economic woes across the state. Is there any way to revitalize Punjab or is the brain drain the lack of industry and general shitshow gonna keep this state spiraling Ive come to visit for the first time in eight years and its quite shocking.. The Tycoon Who Wants to Save Yes Bank Has a Back Story Worthy of Netflix. Vodafone Idea Bharti Airtel And Jio Announce Increase In Plan Upto 41.2. What is our economy failing and what can be done to fix it: Our recent GDP projections have been cut we are having an increase in the unemployment relative to the 1970s I was thinking that Modi would really hypercharge the economy but those days of the early 2000s to 2010 seem so far away what is happening even Pakistan has been stabilized by Moodys yet we are still negative. Header Machine Cold Forging Machine One Die Two Blow Wire Starting Automatic Taper Roller. Battered by competition Intex plans to make products for Chinese firms. Amazon India halts searchseeding Times of India. Vodafone Idea Will Shut If There Is No Government Relief Kumar Mangalam Birla. QMS Quality Manual. Why Ritesh Agarwals Mark Zuckerberg Obsession Is Both The Crust And Core Of Oyos Problems. Number One Indian Paid Online survey website: [removed]. GeM Registration for the Alcometer Dealers. NOVA BRING BACK THE ROMANCE Mens Undergarments Briefs and Vests. Sree Iyer on the hypocrisy of the US Tech companies. Can Oxycodone be marketed and manufactured in India: I learnt about the endeavours of the Sackler family and am really interested in learning more.. How about an equivalent of r/personalfinance for India: Will enough people be interested I want to learn how to manage my finances better but there is nothing on r/personalfinance that is relevant to me.. How to become a successful leader with HR Training Course in Delhi . Open Door for Your Career with EAccounting Course in Delhi . MicrosoftMS Advanced Excel Certification Practical Training Courses Institute Center Coaching Classes in Laxmi Nagar Delhi Gurgaon noida. MIS amp Data Analyst MS Advanced Excel amp Access SQL with Power BI Certification Practical Training Course. Cambridge ielts 11 listening test 2 with answers. Income Tax on Salary How to Calculate for FY 202021: [removed]. [Market Survey] on social commerce space in India for a startup. Please do share your valuable insights. TYIA.: Survey link [https//abhiresearch.typeform.com/to/adA4pI]https//abhiresearch.typeform.com/to/adA4pI. chaturcheetah.com is on sale. Airtel seeks nod for 4900 cr infusion to make it a foreign Co.. s2do.in is on sale. Desi Product Generator Make ridiculous products for India. Oakley Is Not Always The Real Deal How To Identify It. Which bank account should I open in India: Hi guys I want to open NRE and NRO accounts in India but I would like some clarification prior to opening accounts. BACKGROUND I have spoken to multiple bank representatives SBI ICICI HDFC Axis Bank etc. over the past 12 years and they have one thing in common as soon as I call to inquire about opening the account they jump right into asking me the account I want to open all my information to start the application process. There is no discussion as to what Im looking for what theyre offering etc. They all go straight into the application. For this reason alone I have been turned off from opening an account and try to manage through friends/family when I visit India. But I cant carry on like this and need some advice from my fellow Indians. MY REQUIREMENTS when I visit India 1. Easily deposit money sent from abroad or within India. 2. Able to quickly withdraw cash from ATMs and/or branches once a week. 3. Spend money using debit or credit card in store and online shopping restaurants travel health etc. 4. Optional/not urgent Brokerage account for investments. PREFERRED BANKS 1. HDFC Bank 2. ICICI Bank 3. SBI Bank QUESTION Based on my basic spending requirements what is your recommendation on the bank I should choose the accounts I should open and the type of cards debit/credit I should apply for Thank you for your help. Just A Friendly Reminder That Chinas Growth Exploded At 2000.00 GDP per capita . Airtel removes cap on free outgoing call to other networks.. Why GM Failed In India. Free List Your Business and get Inquiry. Quality objectives for this organization could include. India not sold on digital currency idea despite blockchain drive. Apply for an online micro loan CashBean App: [removed]. DeathTrakGamerGAMING CHANNEL: HI GUYS I M PLAYING GAMES ON MY PC. PLEAS SUPPORT MY CHANNEL TO GROW PLEASE SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL. HEAR [https//www.youtube.com/watchv0RI0aw5ZNro]https//www.youtube.com/watchv0RI0aw5ZNro THANX FOR SUPPORT.. Contact MyHoardings for Mumbai Hoardings CompanyOutdoor Media agency MumbaiAdvertising company Mumbai. Why GM Failed In India. Benefits of buying mattress online. How to send a gift to a friend without them incurring taxes: [removed]. How to get into Digital Marketing/Social Media Marketing : I really want to earn some money on the side and I hear a lot of stories of 1719 year olds in India earning crazy amounts doing this. Is it viable as a part time job for a teenager. Avneet Kaur Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Parag Tyagi Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Simran Kaur Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. Solar Structure design. Manufacturing of deep freez milk coolers water coolers many more. DSC Pendrive Coaching. Vodafone Idea will shut in absence of govt relief says Chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla. DSC Pendrive Coaching: [removed]. TRAI Does Not Know Whether Telcos Are Enforcing Tariffs for Unsolicited Data Package. Maxepe The New Launching Biggest Shopping Earning amp Binary Platform In India: [removed]. A brilliant answer that landed Sundar Pichai into Google. Business face of Hrithik Roshan A Road less travelled Part 3. [Discussion] I never thought Jio will hike prices.: People kept telling me that Jio is just using predatory pricing to wipe competitors. However I had a different logic Internet and Whatsapp is the new opiate of the masses. By giving super cheap internet the government can keep people distracted from real life issues. I thought the government would work in coordination with Reliance to keep prices low so people can get cheap entertainment to distract from national issues. I am actually confounded by this decision. Couldnt Reliance just keep up low prices in exchange for government favours Isnt it better to keep the masses on youtube watching random videos rather than annoy them with high internet plans Whats your thoughts. What rules regarding Mandatory Gold Hallmarking from January 2021 should I follow as a buyer: Hallmarking of gold jewelry will become mandatory in India from January 2021 contributing to the growth of the organized jewelry sector. To recollect what is gold hallmark is and why it is so important go to gt [https//blog.novemgold.com/whatisgoldhallmarkandstandardization/]https//blog.novemgold.com/whatisgoldhallmarkandstandardization/ According to new gold hallmarking rules you shouldnt buy jewelry in India without these 4 signs BIS mark Purity in carat and Fineness 22K916 22 Carat 18K750 18 Carat 14K585 14 Carat Identification mark or number of the hallmarking Centres Identification mark or number of the jewelers. Mandatory Hallmarking in India from January 2021: [removed]. How Sundar Pichai became the CEO of Alphabet A Road to CEO journey. Structural Engineers. Nine Core Elements of a Quality Management System. Siddharth Shivpuri Whatsapp Number/Phone Number with Complete Bio Grotal.com. RBI team to visit HDFC Bank to identify source of online banking problems. Online Promotions in India:  https//preview.redd.it/iebucbbb3t241.jpgwidth273ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps0a98a86d6ae12284ef7bbd775dd028757142bf4c [https//www.MakeMySales.com]https//www.makemysales.com/ Were here to exceed the expectations of your customers. In this computing world Internet marketing is one of the most effective ways to reach people and get massive orders. MakeMySales help manufacturers exporters travel agencies suppliers medical doctors hotels amp restaurants event management companies real estate agencies software companies electric products to promote their business online. With its latest technology it helps to attract customers and generate sales in bulk through the Internet. We help to exhibit your products to a large mass on the Internet. It is equipped with highly trained and professional employees who help you to build strong relationships with other companies. We help to escalate yours brand growth with its effective online promotion. It promotes your business in an effective and affordable way. We also update the people with various events happening to gather the major crowd. It ensures good customer base. It helps in generating new leads for your business We also help in creating superlative and attractive. It also builds excitement around your campaign. The team makes sure that all the relevant information is displayed clearly. Thus generate solid amount of attention without spending much money. We keep their existing customers update and put all its efforts to attract new customers. We believe in building their relationships and nurture them. \Online Promotions in India. Indias farm equipment market to grow to 18 bn by 2025 FICCIPwC report. Freedom 251 Scam EXPLAINED What The FK Went Wrong E14 Freedom 251 EXPOSED. Why You Need to Hire Professional Carpet Cleaning Services in Camberley: [removed]. News apps to Earn Extra Income in Chennai:  [https//www.apexearnmoney.com/newsappstoearnextraincomeinchennai/]https//www.apexearnmoney.com/newsappstoearnextraincomeinchennai/ [News apps to Earn Extra Income in Chennai]https//www.apexearnmoney.com/newsappstoearnextraincomeinchennai/ ampx200B ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/xqgnrulefs241.jpgwidth1024ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsb8b6887d7acdebd9f4e1e43ab52e485982586f0c ampx200B We are the best money making apps that just about anybody can use to earn some cash. Youve already spent so much money on your phone and now youre spending too much money on your phone between online and inapp purchases. Its about time you made some of that money back using your phone. With the following eight moneymaking apps for iOS and Android devices making money has never been easier. Youll be paid to do quick and easy things like completing surveys tracking your healthy habits taking photos and even buying new items. Making extra money from apps can be great in many ways because it is flexible and you can do the tasks in your free time and the biggest plus is that they are easily accessible from your phone. Can you make good money on the side while keeping your job and without making any changes to your schedule You can make some pretty good cash on the side doing your day job or studying or just being at home taking care of the family. Everybody has the need for some extra cash at some point. Whether it is something you want to save for the future or build a small emergency fund or even spend on something you like. There are many side hustles or side gigs which you can do to supplement the income but the ones which I am going to tell you are the ones which do not need a commitment you can do them once or keep doing them if you like.. Golf Course Extension Road Gurgaon One of the most prominent locations of Gurgaon: There are a lot of luxury and premium housing projects amp commercial projects are in development stage at Golf Course Extension Road Gurgaon. The Majority of the development is established by M3M India they are the biggest developers as they have the biggest land patch on both sides of this road.. ILampFS Reports Rs 22527 Crore Net Loss in FY19. Digital Marketing. MicrosoftMS Access amp SQL Certification Practical Training Course Institute in Laxmi Nagar New Delhi. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Delhi. Top Wireless Audio Guide Systems in Delhi Hire on Rent. 11 BENEFITS OF CORPORATE TEAM OUTINGS: ampx200B [img]mhyf4n0y6r241 Corporate Team Outings The corporate world is getting very fast paced and multidimensional. There are many multidisciplinary teams working together to achieve a set goal. However there may be some hindrances in smooth working of the teams possibly due to lack of communication. This can lead to resentment and hampers the overall productivity in the company. At such times its a good idea to make them come together outside office and reach a common goal. It also gives them a chance to get out of the mundane routine. In the words of Richard Branson Train people well enough so they can leave Treat them well enough so they dont want to Here are some benefits of team outings 1. Team outings serve as an ice breaker between new and old members and also between members from different teams who have never met. 2. It helps the employees to unwind and destress. 3. It helps them recharge themselves which helps in increasing their productivity. 4. Team outings generally have team activities which enables them to understand each other better. 5. They learn about their own strengths and weaknesses and also of their team mates which can be beneficial in improving their performance. 6. They understand each others likes and dislikes and learn to respect the diversities. 7. It helps in understanding the other persons view points and thought processes. 8. Team games help in improving communication and coordination amongst the members which also gets extended to the work place. 9. Some games can help in building skills like time and resource management. 10.Giving equal opportunities for each member to participate in the activities in a nonwork related tension free environment helps to boost their confidence which reflects in their work as well. It helps to establish a strong company culture where the employees connect with one another and where their happiness is valued. Thus corporate team outings are a great way to pamper your employees which will in turn help the company to reach great heights. Pune is a huge IT hub. Apart from that there are a huge number of corporates coming up in the city. It is no surprise then that [resorts around Pune]https//wildernesthilltopresort.com/ are coming up with special corporate packages. [Resorts near Khadakwasla]https//wildernesthilltopresort.com/about/ Lonavala etc. are gaining huge popularity due to their vicinity from Pune. If you are looking for [resorts in Pune]https//wildernesthilltopresort.com/ for your corporate outing head to WilderNest Resort. WilderNest is a hilltop resort with amazing views of Khadakwasla backwaters and Sinhagad fort. Nestled among the mountains with lush greenery around it makes for one of the best [team outing places near Pune]https//wildernesthilltopresort.com/eventvenuesinpune/.. GeM registration for the Fire Extinguisher Dealers: [removed]. Certificate Job Oriented Human Resource Training Courses for Bright Future . Significance of Social Compliance Training at work . Millennial lives and the newage debt trap.. PNB fraud Audit reveals LoUs worth Rs 25000cr fraudulently issued. How to Make 5 Over And Over Without Experience 2019. Party Wear Womens Clothing Stylish Party Dresses. WILL PAY 5k TO Any INDIA WHO CAN GIVE ME HIS/HER Youtube channel with more than 20k subs.: Hey If you have a youtube channel with more than 20k subs sitting around of no use. Then hit up this thread. I am willing to buy your youtube channel. Negotiable.. OxyVeda.com is on sale. Reliance Jio new tariff plans unveiled Here is how much you will have to pay from 6 Dec. Launching a massage service like Uber for massages in Bangalore: [removed]. axnflick.com is on sale: [removed]. Direct Mutual funds: Anyone can hack into account if the investment is done through Direct Mutual funds. Finvasia exits its proprietary trading service. Is it good or bad. Batch Manufacturing Records Batch Package Records. Top Places to visit in Bali Getz destinations Tour and Travels Holidays Packages. zizy.in is on sale. Quality and Workability above all when it comes to engine components. HR Payroll course A chance to live up your dream . Role of ISO Certification for the Internal Security Mechanisms. GST Council to review tax rates exemptions. Accountancy Training Course Chartered Accountancy Profession in India and The Career Choices . Google founders Larry Page Sergey Brin step down after 21year run Sundar Pichai takes over Alphabet. Sundar Pichai named Alphabet amp Google CEO. Google founders Larry Page Sergey Brin step down after 21year run Sundar Pichai takes over Alphabet. http//www.corporatevalley.com/blog/sundarpichainamedceoofalphabettheparentcompanyofgoogle/. How AMAZON is expanding .... What You Need To Know About GST Certification Course in Delhi And Its Necessity . MIS amp Data Analyst MS Advanced Excel amp Access SQL with Power BI Certification Practical Training Course. Graphic Designing Training in Gurgaon Courses for Graphic Designing. Is there anyone who wants to startup: [removed]. Selling to those who cant pay human cost of modern banking. Graphic Designing Courses in Gurgaon NCR Graphic Training. Christmas Offer Get Exciting Offers on New Business Startup in India. Difference between Direct Tax and Indirect Tax . Sundar Pichai named CEO at Google parent Alphabet after founders step down. Necklace With Rainbow Unicorn Pendant. USAs Love for Indian CEOs: Below are the resources [https//www.rediff.com/money/report/pixspecialmeettheindianswhoheadglobaltechcompanies/20150811.htm]https//www.rediff.com/money/report/pixspecialmeettheindianswhoheadglobaltechcompanies/20150811.htm [https//www.geeksforgeeks.org/usasloveforindianceos/]https//www.geeksforgeeks.org/usasloveforindianceos/ [https//www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/apr/11/powerfulindianssiliconvalley]https//www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/apr/11/powerfulindianssiliconvalley [https//content.techgig.com/meettheindianceoswholeadtopustechcompanies/articleshow/66788278.cms]https//content.techgig.com/meettheindianceoswholeadtopustechcompanies/articleshow/66788278.cms [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com//meet10indianoriginceosrulingthetechnologyindustry/meet9indianoriginceosrulingthetechnologyindustry/photostory/53708176.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com//meet10indianoriginceosrulingthetechnologyindustry/meet9indianoriginceosrulingthetechnologyindustry/photostory/53708176.cms. preengineered steel buildings consultants KN Structural Engineers. How do I promote my ultrasound business in Patna: Hi I run a color doppler ultrasound business in Patna and would like to learn how to promote it. Thanks for your help.. Audit and Incident Management. RBI Only up to Rs 1 lakh not all money insured in banks RBIowned subsidiary. Top 20 Language Translation Services in Ahmedabad. Top Website Translation Services in Ahmedabad Language Translation. Every Indian people are rich in these countries. Sebi order Dec 10 on Bajaj Finance plea in Karvy case. Aadhar Card aadhar card download aadhar card update status. How to link your PAN card with SBI Savings Account[Online]. India Emerges as Leader of Salary Growth Index in Asia Korn Ferry. FLYSOLO.IN IS ON SALE. What are the Different Types of Accounting. Firing a Bullet at Indias Infra Dream. You may trust Gomselmash for manufacturing high quality combine harvesters and forage harvesters as they produce and sell worldwide and a leader in this industry.. How to start blogging. KN Structural Engineers Service Provider of solar panel design consultants from Noida. GwaliorPulmonologistUjjwal Sharma. Pharmaceutical Industry. Tussar Silk Saree Heavy Rich Pallu Blouse With Price Rs 1250 T.... Reliance Jio to raise tariffs by 40 from December 6. NDA Coaching centre in dehradun. Polyvinyl chloride pipes: [removed]. Certified French Language Translation Services Provider in Ahmedabad. Indian IT companies have no respect for our privacy.: Yesterday I saw the Aadhaar privacy post so I taught of doing my rant on how our pathetic IT companies handle privacy. In this regard Aadhaar is a gem. You can simply remove your data. It actually respects your privacy. ampx200B No optout from Promotional emails Ive subscribed to several newsletters. These emails have a unsubscribe option at the footnote. Gmail has a feature to unsubscribe to such emails in a instant or else it redirects to unsubscribe page of that website. So unsubscribing is easy. But some Indian IT companies are so incompetent they dont have a unsubscribe option in their emails. Now I click on Gmails unsubscribe button but it doesnt work for these emails and Im redirected to their unsubscribe page. I tried unsubscribing from Swiggy emails. It goes to a Error 404 page. I tried unsubscribing from Gradeup emails.Their page loads but the text for entering email is locked and unsubscribe button doesnt work. Naukri. com. They ask me sign in first. I dont remember the password I can reset it but do Ive to really sign in unsubscribe. Moneycontrol. No unsubscribe option. You can change if want to subscribe to new alerts though ampx200B There is no way to delete your account permanently. Most of websites simply dont offer a way to remove your account permanently. These are among most popular startups Have a look at Flipkart [deactivation page details]https//imgur.com/a/QIjLlVP. Deactivating your account doesnt remove any data. You can simply relogin any time in future to reactivate. If Im not mistaken this is what normal logout do. PayTM. They are into Banking and financial services so at least they should have proper account deletion. But no you can only block your account access. Thats it. What if there is a security breach Ola is an exclusive mobile app only service. But there app doesnt have option to delete you account. You to manually write a email to them at [supportolacabs.com]mailtosupportolacabs.com. And this information is not available in the app or is hidden behind dozens of taps that I couldnt find it. ampx200B Technical Support Leave a few exception most of Indian mobile apps have pathetic technical support. Im not talking about a separate department for every single user but you cant simply contact them. They give you a ticket and reply in 2 days. Some apps for so confident that they have only a FAQ page and hope it is enough.. Reliance Jio to raise mobile services rates by up to 40 from 6 December. HDFC Bank unsecured loans cross Rs 1 lakh crore. Airtel also hikes prepaid tariffs by 1040.. Airtel revamped plans with effect from 3 December. Maruti Suzuki India crosses 20 mn passenger vehicle sales mark. New Tussar Silk Saree with Price Rs 750 Tirumala Tech Sarees wed.... White Westinghouse Washing Machine Repair Service Center in Malviya Nagar Delhi110017. Reliance Industries highest bidder for Reliance Infra tower amp fibre assets. Raghunandan Kamath The ice cream man. the best property in mayur vihar phase1:  We are known for the best property provider in Mayur Vihar Phase1Ashok Nagar and Noida. We deal inSale Purchase Rent and Collaboration. The Properties are available in Residential ColoniesSocieties and Builder floor Apartment.Our concern is to provide best properties to our clients and we are determined for it. GALI MOHALLE Me GHAR DHUNDHANA HAI TOH apnaailaka.com HAI NAA. Sell me this pen. Shoes For Baby Girl amp Boys Cute Baby Shoes Fabhooks. Q for Real Estate Brokers: I am currently in 12th grade and have wanted to become a Real Estate broker when i graduate since i could find nothing on the internet what do i have to do to become a real estate agentlicenses education etc. Re Startup Acquisition: [removed]. Christmas Sale 2019 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S 4G Phablet:  Christmas Sale 2019 Xiaomi Mi Mix 2S 4G Phablet [https//www.dealdaddy.shop/christmassalexiaomimimix2s/]https//www.dealdaddy.shop/christmassalexiaomimimix2s/. AIIMS loses over Rs 12 crore in bank fraud SBI alerts all its branches india news. Will Trump And Modi Bring A New Dawn For USIndia Trade Relations. What is Success. Chanda Kochhar moves High Court against ICICI Bank over termination. RBI refers stressed DHFL to NCLT for insolvency proceedings. What are the 7 QC tools. 1st National Startup Awards to grant 35 Rs 5 lakh prizes to startups social amp women entrepreneurs. Fire Hydrant System in Noida Posts by akshartechnologies. Refresh Living Room Space with Traditional Metal Wall Art: [removed]. Blogging vs Vlogging. How to monetize your fan page Facebook.: [removed]. White Maternity Dresses for Baby Shower. Family Matching Battery Charging Design Dress. Structural Engineers. Bhakti Sharma 1st Asian and youngest open water swimmer. Online Trademark Registration Consultants in Gurgaon NCR. Benefits of a Quality Management System. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Chandigarh. 20 Best Chandigarh Packers and Movers Low Cost amp Free Quotes Grotal. Top 10 OET Coaching in Chandigarh OET Exam TrainingGrotal. Top 20 PTE Coaching Classes in Chandigarh PTE Institute. New Ideas into Higher Education Classroom Design Never Before Revealed. No tension if there is car insurance.. Mahindra XUV300 and Hyundai Venue which is the best SUV.. Black Friday Offers is here Buy WordPress FLAT 66 only HostingRaja. This is a limited period offer. Buy now here https//www.hostingraja.in/wordpresshosting/. Top 5 Digital Marketing Training Institutes in Hyderabad Tech Trainees. Is this a scam job offer: Got a call from a number just now with truecaller ID tag saying [naukri.com]https//naukri.com. Some woman was on the other side asking questions like whether I need job. What field do I seek. She had my details like the city I live in Email phone number obviously. Then she said we can provide you a software development job in wipro. You will have 1 month training and 2830k per month income. Said I will receive a test on my email where I need to score 7/20. After that I will need to deposit 1.5k to them which is refundable if I dont get the interview. If I do get it however it will be deducted from my 1st salary. After the email test I will receive an interview call from wipro. If I clear that then I will get the job. At the end of the call she said send your docs to a number on whatsapp which again had [naukri.com]https//naukri.com logo as dp and description saying job... Funny thing is that I dont have an account on [naukri.com]https//naukri.com. I have it on monster and linkedin. Im pretty sure its a scam but does [naukri.com]https//naukri.com or wipro hirings work like this by any chance. PODCAST India Cryptocurrency History Made Binance Acquires P2P Exchange WazirX. Who will be Aditya Puris successor HDFC Bank sets up panel to shortlist candidates. How to Become crorepati From zero to crorepati. Ambani in Talks to Sell News Assets to Times Group:  Billionaire Mukesh Ambani is in talks to sell his news media assets to Indias Times Group as Asias richest man plans to unload a business thats been losing money people familiar with the matter said.. What are the Six Sigma tools. Digimagneto courses. Govt trying to revive BSNL MTNL make them professional. Find Your One in a Million Shirt. Structural Engineering Consultants. LoverBoy.in is on sale. Farmhouse Plots Sale in Konkan: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/gk9ux8rrne141.jpgwidth1280ampformatpjpgampautowebpampse8bd907c782aea7495ae6fc544d531ce433d1c2e [Farmhouse]https//twitter.com/hashtag/Farmhousesrchashtagclick Plots Sale in Konkan Area 1 Acre Price [5]https//twitter.com/550000 Place Konkan Thane Few Land are Remaining Call 9765495495. Combine harvester make easy farming.. The Fashion Lifestyle. Menstrual cup manufacturer: I am trying to get some menstrual cups manufactured. Can someone point me in the right direction They need to be made of polymer not silicone.. Invest in real estate with bad credit: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/fymcn76ppd141.jpgwidth735ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps163d7aa1f031d14c36745f3c32cb02d359125237 An effective Guide to Invest in real estate with no money and bad credit in 2020 is your walkthrough if you are looking forward to a future in real estate.[Read this blog]https//www.mahimagroup.com/blog/investinrealestatewithnomoneybadcredit/ . . . [\mahimagroup]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/mahimagroupsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARCPK623Dct2ONJC468RjlOa41zgwZVU4rxoz5c9IKKnxViiNMXVC4Jlamzr4JmnJBiRTUuOE328wAMgEPHJaRx275HpE34soSBn8DZdpx24hXwFybBvt2cdiCQbVT4TnNwSG9U3G763H3SSUKX7tGiLeuW6xEjUC78nlz1RgyQDjWztN1EtMAjN8Y4UCrgC3Y1TDd1KTKXbDJjDYZhGrZgT0yYiTHHkmvxkRHqQojzo6sLP9nZdU84CxXLBYb4xk8w6Jlxlf3gQw6Y0PZGdCTo6G1X61iym8co1TbB8JAyvsensJJo90OkeKTqkhICotKuhm7Zptufe2hMygamptn2ANKR [\realestate]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/realestatesourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARCPK623Dct2ONJC468RjlOa41zgwZVU4rxoz5c9IKKnxViiNMXVC4Jlamzr4JmnJBiRTUuOE328wAMgEPHJaRx275HpE34soSBn8DZdpx24hXwFybBvt2cdiCQbVT4TnNwSG9U3G763H3SSUKX7tGiLeuW6xEjUC78nlz1RgyQDjWztN1EtMAjN8Y4UCrgC3Y1TDd1KTKXbDJjDYZhGrZgT0yYiTHHkmvxkRHqQojzo6sLP9nZdU84CxXLBYb4xk8w6Jlxlf3gQw6Y0PZGdCTo6G1X61iym8co1TbB8JAyvsensJJo90OkeKTqkhICotKuhm7Zptufe2hMygamptn2ANKR [\investment]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/investmentsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARCPK623Dct2ONJC468RjlOa41zgwZVU4rxoz5c9IKKnxViiNMXVC4Jlamzr4JmnJBiRTUuOE328wAMgEPHJaRx275HpE34soSBn8DZdpx24hXwFybBvt2cdiCQbVT4TnNwSG9U3G763H3SSUKX7tGiLeuW6xEjUC78nlz1RgyQDjWztN1EtMAjN8Y4UCrgC3Y1TDd1KTKXbDJjDYZhGrZgT0yYiTHHkmvxkRHqQojzo6sLP9nZdU84CxXLBYb4xk8w6Jlxlf3gQw6Y0PZGdCTo6G1X61iym8co1TbB8JAyvsensJJo90OkeKTqkhICotKuhm7Zptufe2hMygamptn2ANKR [\badcredit]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/badcreditsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARCPK623Dct2ONJC468RjlOa41zgwZVU4rxoz5c9IKKnxViiNMXVC4Jlamzr4JmnJBiRTUuOE328wAMgEPHJaRx275HpE34soSBn8DZdpx24hXwFybBvt2cdiCQbVT4TnNwSG9U3G763H3SSUKX7tGiLeuW6xEjUC78nlz1RgyQDjWztN1EtMAjN8Y4UCrgC3Y1TDd1KTKXbDJjDYZhGrZgT0yYiTHHkmvxkRHqQojzo6sLP9nZdU84CxXLBYb4xk8w6Jlxlf3gQw6Y0PZGdCTo6G1X61iym8co1TbB8JAyvsensJJo90OkeKTqkhICotKuhm7Zptufe2hMygamptn2ANKR [\nomoney]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/nomoneysourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARCPK623Dct2ONJC468RjlOa41zgwZVU4rxoz5c9IKKnxViiNMXVC4Jlamzr4JmnJBiRTUuOE328wAMgEPHJaRx275HpE34soSBn8DZdpx24hXwFybBvt2cdiCQbVT4TnNwSG9U3G763H3SSUKX7tGiLeuW6xEjUC78nlz1RgyQDjWztN1EtMAjN8Y4UCrgC3Y1TDd1KTKXbDJjDYZhGrZgT0yYiTHHkmvxkRHqQojzo6sLP9nZdU84CxXLBYb4xk8w6Jlxlf3gQw6Y0PZGdCTo6G1X61iym8co1TbB8JAyvsensJJo90OkeKTqkhICotKuhm7Zptufe2hMygamptn2ANKR. Cotton Saree with price Rs 600 Wholesale Blouse Tirumala Tech Sari. digital marketing. Gomselmash Combine harvesters and Forage harvesters in India at best price: [removed]. Twitter to Remove Inactive Accounts Soon . Simultaneous Interpretation System On Rent in Mumbai. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai. Top 20 Rental Simultaneous Interpretation Equipment in Mumbai Grotal. Top 21 Best Personal Finance Books You Must Read in India. PMC Bank scam Mumbai court gives nod to sell jets yacht of Wadhawans. Join me on WinZO Gold and play 25 games. Bharat ka Apna Game. Download WinZO Gold and Earn free Paytm cash .Use the referral code to get cash bonus KNIE75E8. Apple is set to use India as an export hub. Toddler Girl Clothing Cheap Toddler Infant Clothes Free Shipping. Criminal Lawyer Shilpi Das and Ak Legal Advisors. Steel truss design KN Structural Engineers. Latest Airbnb Clone Price Strategy 2020. Manufacturing Industry. Content Syndication and Content Marketing. HDFC Bank says their employee forging my signature is a human error. Teslas Cybertruck Garnered 1.87 Lakh Orders Within 4 Days Of Its Unveil. Use Gluten Free Foods and Products to Fight with Celiac Disease. Requirements to Apply for Canada PR: [removed]. Zerodha Odisha Branches: [removed]. Anil Ambanis bankrupt shipyard stock surges 600 in 11 weeks speculators suspected. India imported US 342 million worth apparels from Bangladesh in 2018 and trousers contribution to that was 28.: \BangaloreEvents ApparelSourcingWeek ApparelBusiness PremierSourcingShow [img]orv0xpwxj6141. Indian stock gains to be limited in 2020 as economy slows Reuters poll. Ultra Silent Pipes: [removed]. Support Me India Success Story. Paytm To Raise 1 Billion In Fresh Funding: [removed]. Cotton Silk Saree Blouse With Price Rs 675 Sari Tirumala Tech .... Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in MumbaiKala Jadu Experts Mumbai. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Guaranteed Solutions Grotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Payment After Work. Email marketing. Nothing says good morning like KimJethaUn. Entrepneurship. How long does it take for a revised return to be processed: Hello I have submitted an online return in September 2019. I got communication from the IT department to amend it on November 20. It has since been amended. If there are any chartered accountants here can you let me know how long will this revised return take to process Does it take another 4560 days like the original return I was expecting the tax refund to arrive this month. I would appreciate your thoughts.. Publish Display Advertisement in Prajavani Classified Page. Anil Ambani Resigns As Director Of RCom Shows How Not To Do Business. Luxury 5 Star Hotels in Cochin Book Trident Hotel Cochin Online amp Get 10 Off. The Gage Master module makes gage management simple.. MS in Germany. Book Safe and reliable Cab Service across India With Musafircab. Tax litigation the saga continues with GST. Infographic Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Say No To Problems. HimNi Serviced Apartments in Andheri Mumbai:  [Serviced apartments in Chakala Andheri East]https//himniserviceapartments.com/mumbaidetails194f098a69e194e12bd88e03c0f6f554d Andheri East is one of the suburbs in Mumbai. It has one of the busiest Railway station of India. Due to the SEZ location most of the offices diamond markets shipping companies are located here. All our corporate guests travelling to Andheri prefer to stay at HimNi Serviced Apartment at Chakala Andheri East due to the close proximity to their working place may it be for One Day stay or One Month stay in Mumbai. The Domestic and International Airports are just 15 minutes away so travelers find it most convenient to put up with us at HimNi Serviced Apartments. We Provide 2 Spacious Bedrooms at this location with Complimentary Breakfast Daily Housekeeping and WiFi. [Serviced apartments in Seepz Andheri East Mumbai]https//himniserviceapartments.com/mumbaidetails146bc7767f07943c5bbbcfa784fc1089a HimNi Serviced Apartment at Seepz Andheri East is great for corporate and travelers as they are in close quarters to corporate offices in JVLR Andheri East that is L amp T Business park Gate no 6 Seepz industrial area 1.2 KM MIDC 2.4km Zycus0.5km Mumbai Goregaon exhibition center 4.8 km The airport is just 5 km away from the HimNi Serviced Apartment at Seepz Andheri East and public transport and cab services are readily accessible. HimNi Serviced Apartment at Seepz has spacious rooms with LED TVs airconditions comfortable beds and all essentials are maintained to comfy your stay24 hours network accessibility high speed internet connection continuous water supply active room service geysers aircondition and all probable reason to make the place clearly irresistible to dwell in. HimNi Serviced Apartment at Seepz Andheri East has our attempt and efforts directed to your favor and we assure utmost happiness to your stay. If youre on a short break vacation or a business trip HimNi Serviced Apartment at Seepz Andheri East offering great value for money. Especially true for families and our serviced apartments are the ideal solution to typical shortterm relocation accommodation needs. [Serviced apartments in JVLR Andheri East Mumbai]https//himniserviceapartments.com/mumbai HimNi High Rise Serviced Apartment JVLR is situated on a higher floor hence you will get a spectacular view of the Mumbai metropolis. Blessed with a lot of natural light In this luxury 2bedroom we made sure that the HimNi High Rise Serviced Apartment JVLR is furnished with all amenities particularly work related amenities since it mainly caters to business travelers. The amenities for this apartment are standard with highspeed internet connection flat screen TVs and airconditioning. Other services and amenities at HimNi High Rise Serviced Apartment JVLR include a personal chef furniture ironstand dryer air conditioning living essentials like towels bed sheets soap and toilet paper. We are sensitive to our guests needs and we strive to fulfill all of them. Located near corporate areas like Seepz and Powai HimNi High Rise Serviced Apartment JVLR is also close to the airport.. Besides the strategic location it is also ideal for business dealings and sightseeing our excellent Apartment services invite you all to use our services. We are eager to welcome you to experience our luxury apartment lodging at HimNi High Rise Serviced Apartment JVLR we assure you that we will exceed your expectations. [Serviced apartments in Marol Andheri East Mumbai]https//himniserviceapartments.com/mumbaidetails14ee84ed09fa045a4a6f86551a60ca8b5 HimNi Serviced Apartment at Marol Andheri East is well endowed for a maximum occupancy of 6 people. The business class and golden class apartments include 2 arrayed bedrooms splendid bathroom glorious kitchen an elegant dining room working area study table fresh linen desk and proficient office chairs. HimNi Serviced Apartment at Marol Andheri East aims to satisfy your pursuit of finding a fully furnished space with finest basic amenities wellequipped additional advantages and everything else more than your expectations. The spacious rooms with LED TVs airconditions highly comfortable twin beds and all essentials are maintained to comfy your stay. Our homelike place will make you feel highly relaxed. The necessities like direct telephone lines water geysers toiletries high speed internet connections are well taken care of for our guests at HimNi Serviced Apartment at Marol Andheri East.. Buy Cotton Silk Saree With Embossed With Price Rs 850 Tirumala O.... Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore Remove black magicGrotal. 20 Quick Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore Money back Guarantee. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Richest Indians from 2005 to 2019. Ranking race report with commentary. See the rise and fall of these billionaires and the reason for the change.. Sugar sector gets little sweeter in Q2FY20. Online Videos. Copywriting. Binance Rolls Out an Indian Rupee Fiat Gateway. Baby Dresses Baby Boy Dresses Baby Girl Dresses Fabhooks. Fancy Baby Boy Clothing Toddler Boy dresses shoes Fabhooks. ZIZY.In is for sale. Eat and be Happy:  Thinking of having a party but dont want to do all the work Let chef make the evening wonderful and delicious. Planning a birthday party wedding reception anniversary party family reunion memorial service dinner party company picnic or business party We can even do a drop off of lunch or dinner items for you to take care of serving if you prefer. Today Vinayak Caterers is among the most renowned names when it comes to the most sought after events. Our reputation for serving delicious food tailoring unique cuisines and providing top notch hospitality has brought us where we are today. For us at Vinayak Caterer [catering]http//www.vinayakcaterers.in/ is much more than just a service. We understand how important events and celebrations are for the ones who avail and trust on our services so we give our complete efforts to make the events as perfect and successful as possible. [eat and be happy]https//preview.redd.it/gamx975ydu041.jpgwidth513ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsa0b6538891e47a40a5142c404154441c634ed272. Aparajitha Ayodhya Kangana Ranaut turns producer with film on Ram MandirBabri Masjid case. Specifications Luxury Residential Apartments in Kolkata. Is OYO Seeking To Expand Its Coffee Biz With CCD Acquisition. KARAM ES001 SAFETY GOGGLES. TVS 160 BS6 is coming soon to make the youth crazy.. Top 20 The Wheat Free Shop in Jaipur 100 GlutenFree Shops in Jaipur. Bookadsnow The First Choice for Releasing Newspaper Advertisements. Best dropshipping in India. Airbnb Clone Ideas for Rental Business. Best Digital Marketing Company In Jalandhargrowbyten.com. Infographic Audience Response System in Delhi. snazzyway wholesale dropshipping. ROIX.IN is for SALE. Can an NRI get a loan on property in India and use the proceeds in the US : This is a temporary need for cash due to potential health reasons. The repayment will happen from rental income and remittance from abroad. Is there a way to use the India house as collateral and use the funds borrowed in the US . Shipbreakers. Inside Indian Ecommerce sectors favourite logistics hub Bhiwandi. 7 of top10 most valued domestic firms suffered Rs 76164 cr loss:  https//preview.redd.it/rxs148zrlm041.pngwidth432ampformatpngampautowebpamps404e46f8d60d395f623a7a486802a537f1588c19 [www.UMMnews.org]http//www.ummnews.org/ New Delhi Nov 24 PTI Seven of the 10 most valued domestic firms suffered a combined erosion of Rs 76164.3 crore in market capitalisation last week with TCS taking the biggest knock. From the top10 pack only Reliance Industries Limited RIL HDFC and SBI witnessed gains in their market valuation for the week ended Friday. The market capitalisation mcap of Tata Consultancy Services TCS dropped Rs 39118.6 crore to Rs 776950.02 crore. Kotak Mahindra Banks valuation tumbled Rs 10410.2 crore to Rs 299602.51 crore and that of Infosys tanked Rs 7174.59 crore to reach Rs 295174.92 crore. The market cap of Hindustan Unilever Limited HUL declined Rs 7154.7 crore to Rs 438201.26 crore and that of HDFC Bank plunged Rs 7033.72 crore to Rs 692671.21 crore. ITCs valuation fell Rs 3686.3 crore to Rs 304304.16 crore. ICICI Bank lost Rs 1586.19 crore in valuation to stand at Rs 321139.67 crore. In contrast the market cap of RIL zoomed Rs 48874.91 crore to Rs 980287.54 crore. Also State Bank of India SBI added Rs 6381.1 crore to its mcap to reach Rs 293753.59 crore. The valuation of HDFC advanced Rs 2098.74 crore to Rs 386298.69 crore. In the ranking of top10 firms RIL remained at the top position followed by TCS HDFC Bank HUL HDFC ICICI Bank ITC Kotak Mahindra Bank Infosys and SBI. During the last week the Sensex inched up 2.72 points.. Entresto: Can someone help me make the heart failure treatment in India Need some advice.. Are there any business people in this subreddit who can tell me if zomato and swiggy business model is sustainable: They are offering insane deals like 50 40 off on some restaurants. I dont think they are making any profits.i think this business model is not sustainable at all. Zomato lost 294m for FY19 swiggy lost 397 crore for 2018 thats insane. Companies like Doordash only offer 10 off when you sign up thats it. How are they still in the business I feel like this bubble about to pop.. Hotbutton Buy ShirtsTshirts Jeans Trousers and more. The best forage harvesters for making silage for animal feed: [removed]. Editor of Financial Express explains the current messed up situation in the Indian Telecom sector. Anyone took abroad educational loan from Avanse: My education loan for 25L is about to get sanctioned and I have a few questions.. LoverBoy.in is for sale. Terrible experience with Uber: There are so many times I try to go to a location with Uber but the drivers call me ask me for the location I have to go to and cancel on me. I was standing for 2025 mins finding an Uber. I didnt have to go too far it would take about 3040 mins. If this is the case. I dont see the convenience with Uber except for the fact that it has AC.. Structural Engineers.  Beekeeping Bee Farming among Ram.... Cognizant cuts bench time puts pressure on employees.. WHAT IS BITCOIN Intro to Bitcoin BTC amp Blockchain Explained Simply . SEBI bans Karvy Broking for nearly Rs 2000 crore in defaults. Best combine harvesters available in India: [removed]. Exclusive No plans of Delhi Metro IPO as co not yet profitable says MD Mangu Singh. Planning to Go Abroad this New Year Get free consultancy from one of the best consultant in Delhi. Water pipes Manufacturer in India: Water pipes manufacturer in India Huliot is the leading piping system made water pipes manufacturer in India. Suitable for above and below ground installation both inside and outside the building structure. For More [https//www.huliot.in/]https//www.huliot.in/ \silentwaterpipes soundproofpipes HuliotPipes ultrasilentpipes lownoisepipes. Which one will you choose Traditional Paper Contracts or Electronic Contracts. etender up latest eprocurement tenders in uttar pradesh asian tender: [removed]. Audience Response Systems Rental in Delhi System On Rent. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Delhi Rental Services. RBI takes over DHFL board R Subramaniakumar appointed as administrator. SBI admits to making many poor commercial decisions. [PSA] Why shouldnt you pay 2 at POS Credit card transactions. CSB Bank IPO Date Price Band Lot Size Allotment Date amp Status. The sun stops shining for Shapoorji Pallonji as solar company IPO falters. Tamil nadu tenders view latest eprocurement tn tenders from tamil nadu:  View eProcurement system of [TamilNadu Government Tenders]https//www.asiantender.com/tamilnadutenders At Asian Tender. All tenders of [Tntenders]https//www.asiantender.com/tamilnadutenders available here.Asian Tender welcomes to Suppliers and contractors who are interested to participates in government of [Tamil Nadu tenders]https//www.asiantender.com/tamilnadutenders Municipal Corporation tenders and all kind of tenders.We are helping you to find Etendering as well as offline tenders of TamilNadu tenders. You Get a Comprehensive List Of [Tn govt Tenders]https//www.asiantender.com/tamilnadutenders tn e tenders tntender details Online. A great way to a successful career is to join us.... Multiple Effect Evaporator Suppliers in IndiaCentPro: [removed]. Infographic Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad Black Magic Specialist. Passive Income App: Being music fan is now remunerated. Earn money with AAMusic just listening new releases. https//aamusic.net/r/VsOvFn Min. Withdrawal Amounts PayPal 5 Amazon 1 Bitcoin or Ethereum 2 Daily limit 7 to 9 hrs. of passive background stream. Points earning depend on your country US and UK earn more and type of streaming service Spotify Apple Music Amazon Music. App available worldwide. IOS Android. Note App is not available on play store for India and you may need to use an apk file.. New Passive Income App: Being music fan is now remunerated. Earn money with AAMusic just listening new releases. https//aamusic.net/r/VsOvFn Min. Withdrawal Amounts PayPal 5 Amazon 1 Bitcoin or Ethereum 2 Daily limit 7 to 9 hrs. of passive background stream. Points earning depend on your country US and UK earn more and type of streaming service Spotify Apple Music Amazon Music. App available worldwide. IOS Android. Their official FB Group https//www.facebook.com/groups/2329562950413212/ Note app is not available on play store for India. You would need to use an apk file.. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad Black Magic. Gandhigiri at Videocon Workers unpaid for 14 months beg on streets to collect gift for promoter Dhoot. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad Kala Jadu Experts. Packaging Material Dealers in Chandigarh. India plans of export 60 LMT sugar in current sugar season. Amazon Launches FlexPlugin Echo Device . Top 20 Blanket Vacuum Packing in Chandigarh Vacuum Rajai. Mukesh Ambanis Reliance Industries becomes worlds 6th largest oil company. Cash Against Credit Card in Madhavaram cashbazaar.org. Round bars manufacturers from Pune. Pre Engineered Steel buildings consultants. Do you know 1/3rd of Cash Orders are not delivered:  Shocking right But yet the real story of ECommerce Business. Recent data from Narvar reveals to TOI that 1/3rd of Ecommerce Cash On delivery COD orders are not delivered. This adds to etailer costs and return of deliveries. Wondering how Well the below factors tell you more about it. 1. Cost Nonavailability of the consumer at the delivery location The increased competition among ESellers has raised the demand for fast or ondemand delivery to retain customers puts greater strain on budgets. 2. Transparency Customers remain in the dark without knowing the movement of their shipment accurate arrival time and much more. 3. Efficiency Movement of products to the right location at the right time is a prime challenge. 4. Friction Multiple orders placed by the same consumer delivered at different time Number of same day shipping to various locations ampx200B Lets bunch up the drawbacks faced by ESellers 1. Lack of visibility of delivery vehicles 2. Delivery delays 3. Increasing reimbursement costs 4. Unscheduled deliveries 5. Lack of communication ampx200B How to overcome these challenges Technology is the key 1. Route Management and Monitoring Planning fastest routes estimate time monitor the movement of vehicles amp speeding contacting drivers nearby etc. 2. Fuel Consumption Optimization Avoid misuse of vehicles amp unnecessary routes taken 3. Transparent Communication between stakeholders and delivery agents [Asti Infotech Pvt Ltd]https//www.astiinfotech.com/ offers a bouquet of solutions which suits various industry needs and adds value to your business [Imprint]https//www.astiinfotech.com/solutions/salesforcetracking/ Sales Force Performance amp Productivity Management Solution [VTMS]https//www.astiinfotech.com/solutions/GPSvehicletrackingsolution/ Vehicle Tracking amp Monitoring Solution [AFM]https//www.astiinfotech.com/solutions/FleetManagement/ Employee Fleet Management Solution [Trakom]https//www.astiinfotech.com/solutions/schoolbusgpstrackingsystem/ School Bus Tracking amp Monitoring Solution We take utmost care of proper utilization of time and schedules leaving your clients happy. After all time gained is money gained Happy ECommerce ampx200B [Smart solution for ECommerce companies]https//preview.redd.it/azgxuhxx4uz31.pngwidth1000ampformatpngampautowebpampsed31e0732f8f8260dceeb46fb80b758bd5e599eb. Quality Management System. All Indian Telecom companies will increase their prices from next week. This could be the end of low priced mobile plans. But here is something you can do to enjoy old prices for years. Bank fraudsters how do you handle them and where to report them. Bhutani Alphathum Alphapod Ready to Move in Office Spaces in Noida: [removed]. I need someone to edit content for my website.: 1. English is better 2. There is a computer can be edited at home 3. Female 10 per day. Office Relocation Services in Mumbai Corporate Packers and Movers. Book Best Movers and Packers in Mumbai Low Cost amp Free Quotes. Why Indians are buying properties abroad. Zero balance dormant bank accounts under Jan Dhan Yojana on a steady decline. Jio recharge before price increase: [removed]. HDFC Bank forged my signature and changed application form. Reliance Jio to raise prices in few weeks.. Rising Income Level and Changing Lifestyle of Consumers are Expected to Steer the Growth of the Home Delivery Market in India: [removed]. Fingertip Access to Detailed Reporting. Heres Why Mukesh Ambani Owns A Second Hand Tesla S100D. RIL shares hit alltime high mcap tops Rs 9.5 lakh crore.. Breaking Flipkart Invests In EasyRewardz Series B Funding. Prasad Karmarkar Shared Royal Enfield motorcycle configurator introduced. Getting EPF statement before digitization: I am trying to get a complete EPF statement in order to understand some discrepancy arising in the final amount. However the online portal only maintains records since July 2011. How can I get the EPF statement from before that. New Holland Agricultures FarmMate app enters new markets. Silage is the best food for animals: [removed]. Assam Tribune Classified Tender Ad Booking Online at Lowest Rate. English Grammar Classes in Chandigarh Spoken English Classes Grotal. Airtel Vodafone Idea to hike tariffs next month to stay afloat. Why India Moved To GST. Tata Motors Receives An Order Of 500 Electric Vehicles From Lithium Urban Technologies: [removed]. Loan Offer: Good Day Everyone Are you a business man or woman Are you in any financial mess or Do you need funds to start up your own business Do you need a loan to start a nice Small Scale and medium business Do you have a low credit score and you are finding it hard to obtain capital loan from local banks and other financial institutes Our loans are well insured for maximum security is our priority Our leading goal is to help you get the services you deserve Our program is the quickest way to get what you need in a snap. Reduce your payments to ease the strain on your monthly expenses. Gain flexibility with which you can use for any purpose from vacations To education To unique purchases. We offer the following types of loans \ Car Loan \ Home Loan \ Mortgage Loan \ Investment Loan \ Commercial Loan \ Construction Loan \ Debt Consolidation Loan \ Business Loan \[secure and unsecured\] \ Personal Loan \[secure and unsecured\] \ Student Loan and so many more. We offer a wide range of financial services which includes Business Planning Commercial and Development Finance Properties and Mortgages Debt Consolidation Loans Business Loans Private loans Home Refinancing Loans with low interest rate at 2 per annul for individuals Companies and corporate bodies. Get the best for your family and own your dream home as well with our General Loan scheme. For More Urgent Information Contact Them Immediately. Contact Email [infoonemainfinancialcompany.com]mailtoinfoonemainfinancialcompany.com. Etsy india do i need to register for GST: I been thinking about joining etsy market place to sell my poetry printsphysical/digitali wanted to know if i need to apply for GST already if i am only starting..or do i need to apply for any self assessment/employee anywhere in order to get my shop registered any helpful reply is appreciated. Bharti Airtel Vodafone to raise charges of mobile services next month. Gst registration:  Online tax filing is a financial supermarket providing solutions for Income Tax Return Filing Income Tax Consultancy [GST Registration]https//onlinetaxfilingindia.com/blogs/gstinindia/ GST Return Filing Private Limited Company Registration Public Limited Company Registration and Accounting and Bookkeeping Services. Mads Money is serving India since October 2016 and aims to make everything taxes. Call us 917900567567. ampx200B [ Gst registration ]https//preview.redd.it/lvk8vcd3ogz31.jpgwidth900ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps09a30be062d498b121e5eb64f2ad4537ed2545ba. Indiamade vaccine to help control typhoid in Pakistan. Whats Kolkatas Latest Property Buying Trend. Gujarat Safety Industrial Safety Solution. Top civil company in india. India business listing sites 2020: [removed]. Bengaluru is now world leader in scootersharing Report. wish taxi services:  Wish taxi service in Dehradun is a local taxi service provider in Dehradun offering taxi services car rental service tempo travelers booking services and also provides local tours with best taxi providers in Dehradun i.e. Sahastradhara tour package Mussoorie tour package Dhanaulti tour package Rishikesh and Haridwar tour package at best rates in all seasons. You can find us on search engines by typing taxi service in Dehradun local cab service in Dehradun Dehradun to Mussoorie taxi service taxi for airport taxi for Mussoorie taxi for Sahastradhara taxi for Dhanaulti taxi for Rishikesh and taxi for Haridwar. We manage small to big size groups as a travel partner for School and College Tours Corporate tours and many more. We have a government approved fleet our squared consist of Innova Crista Maruti Swift Desire Tata Indigo Mahindra Xylo Toyota Etios and Tempo Travelers. The best part of our tour amp taxi service in Dehradun is our team of drivers who are not only trained for hills and plains but also trained for best hospitality which makes them polite sincere well behave and educated that makes your travel experience more sophisticated and smooth. Wish Taxi Service is the [Best Tour Operators in Dehradun]https//www.windowseatholidays.com/ which offer the top class Taxi and Cab services in Dehradun Uttarakhand India.. Are vodafone idea shares open for public buying: Just wanted to know if i can buy vodafone idea shares through my demat account also is it good to buy vodafone shares now. QMS Documentation Solutions: [removed]. Why POS system are important for your business in India. Air India amp Bharat Petroleum Put on Sale by Government of India. GST Billing Software Accounting Software India. White Revolution 2.0 Dairy Tech Startups Rise On Indias CowFriendly Policies. Job Advertisement Booking in Divya Bhaskar Classified Page Online. Inviting reviews for the informative portal on personal / basic taxation.: DEAR Friends I have started to share basic information for understanding of tax in the form of a website. I need your honest feedback on the writeups if they are usable/friendly for a layman of taxation but they may have many questions on taxation in their mind. I request you to please visit the site [https//digitalregion.in/basicsofgst/]https//digitalregion.in/basicsofgst/fbclidIwAR03HB6KRXMWXblcUekbppfFgXZXpTqnMoDQBNWgwkXm4ysLPJvwudY0 Please feel free to use negative remarks also which would be scope for improvement for me. Thanks in Advance. Looking forward for cooperation.. Types of Sarkari Job in India Sarkari job for 12th pass. How to advertise for a Technical course that I am giving: I am currently working as a Cloud Architect in a big MNC. Last month I was giving training to freshers in my team so I thought why not spread the knowledge outside and make some money I designed this course for freshers or those thinking of getting job as a Cloud/Linux Administrator. It will be a one to one online class on webex means there will be a single student in a particular class. How do I get an audience I dont think people go to sites like sulekha for such courses. Its not a costly course. just Rs 12000 but since course is new I am giving a 50 discount to first 10 applicants means Rs 6000 for now. Is facebook marketing a viable option [https//pc2solution.blogspot.com/2019/11/cloudadministratorcourseonetoone.html]https//pc2solution.blogspot.com/2019/11/cloudadministratorcourseonetoone.html. Kolkata VS Bengaluru Full City Comparison Unbiased Bangalore Vs Kolk.... Anil Ambani Resigns As Director Of Reliance Communications. Anil Ambani four others quit as directors of RCom. you know its indiawhen a company threaten a small creator to takedown a negative review.the company https//crystalglow.in/. Best Real Estate Consultant In India Contact for all the property related details: Elegance Enterprises is best real estate consultant in Bangalore Hyderabad Mumbai Pune helping its clients in finding their dream home. For details visit [Elegance Enterprises Real Estate Consultant]https//eleganceenterprises.in. Strengthening International Agribusiness Trade. 5 Best Super Topup Health Insurance Policies in India for 2020. Quality management systems and ISO. Anil Ambani resigns as Reliance Communications director. Government of India Achieved 50 Tax Collection Target of 13.35 Trillion. Change your wall colour Of Your amp feel happines Painter Ghar Ka. Hi r/indianstartups is a subreddit to bring together all the startup founders of India:  This subreddit r/indianstartups will include new startups news lessons from the existing entrepreneurs and everything related to the startups in India. I request startup enthusiasts and entrepreneurs on [r/india]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/ to join us to build this professional and personal too network of Indian entrepreneurs so that no startup will fail in the absence of guidance from experienced people of their respective fields. Thank you. Avan electric scooter launched in India EV Lens. Digital Screen Advertising In VR Punjab Mall Mohali. Web designer: We Provide Best Services of Webdesign in Delhi and We also provide SEO SMO Graphic Design Logo Design Digital Marketing Services for our customers also we take care of our customers need so that our returns with satisfaction and recommend other to visit our website.. While Amazon and Wallmart expecting billions in sales Flipkart has its own swag on this Black Friday. Deposit insurance limit on your money in banks to be increased. Obituary Ad Booking in Prajavani Classified Page at Best Rate. CNH Industrials agri brands bag Machine of the Year titles at Agritechnica 2019. Developing a Quality Management System. 5 Tips to Follow While Investing in Public Provident Fund / PPF. Finance Ministry Asks Review from Traders on New Tax Slab Rates: [removed]. Best Indian Tour Packages Providers Journyzs. Things to Check Before Buying Residential Property in Kolkata. ICRISAT University of Reading partnership to enable farmers grow smart food. How did Vodafone India lose 7bn in one quarter. Daily Current Affairs Quiz for Competitive Exams. Wireless Tour Guide System On Rent in Bangalore Rental System Grotal. Top 20 Wireless Tour Guide System Rental in Bangalore. Top Wireless Tour Guide System Hire in Bangalore Tour Guide. We all lose in the case that Apple won. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore. Wireless Tour Guide System Hire in Mumbai. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Bangalore Voting Pads. Mukesh Ambani VS Ratan Tata Why Ratan Tata is now the richest man of I.... Q2 Results Vodafone Idea Posts Indias LargestEver Quarterly Loss. Business loan in delhi ncr in just 48 hour: [removed]. Best Deal on Your Personal Loan Interest Rate. paisapaid.com: [removed]. Bharti Airtel Q2 net loss balloons to 23045 crore. Airtel raises doubts over its ability to continue as going concern. AGR woes Vodafone Idea posts Q2 loss at 50992 crore. Vodafone Idea posts Indias biggest ever quarterly loss at Rs 50921 crore on AGR hit. About the crisis in telecom sector due to recent SC judgement can someone explain whether the outstanding amount is justified and is it similar to other countries or is GOI trying to extract the maximum tax it can from this sector: Did the telecom companies bring the heavy charges and fines they now owe on themselves by avoiding paying it Or is it an unreasonable levy and they hoped that the govt/court will cancel it I dont know which news to trust.. Quality Management Certification Benefits. Structural Engineers. Packaging Material in Chandigarh. EPF withdrawal: Hellllooooooo From what Ive read on internet I can make out that a person can withdraw 100 of their EPF account if unemployed for two months. This also applies even if 5 years of EPF has not been completed. But I still have a few questions 1. How is 2 months of unemployment proved Is it just the fact that no contributions have been made to the EPF account in 2 months which means that the person is now unemployed 2. How will this withdrawn amount be taxed The tax percentage and will it be TDS Thanks for the help in advance P.S. just for context Ill be withdrawing for post Grad.. Packers and Movers Chandigarh in Chandigarh. Top 20 Blanket Vacuum Packing in Chandigarh Vacuum Rajai. COD Cash on Delivery Courier Services in India. Your Guide on Physician Mortgage Loans in India Advantages Qualifications and Benefits. WOOW how cuute D i found this doll with free shipping only to INDIA i just bought mine. Koi CHHOTA RECHARGE KAR DO VODAFONE company ka.. Koi CHH[O]TA RE[C]ARGE KAR DO VOFAONE KA.. Latest Kanjeevaram Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 700 Blouse .... 5 Real Estate Myths You Must Clarify Before Buying Flats. The Ultimate Search Engine Optimization Tutorial:  What is SEO SEO is short for Search Engine Optimization which means creating a website that is search engine friendly so that you are able to rank higher on the search engines. Types of SEO Search Engine Optimization is of two types Onsite SEO It deals with the code and structure of your website. To do onsite SEO you need to follow the following steps. 1. Find your target keyword Your target keyword is the keyword that you want to rank upon. You should find a target keyword that has low competition and high search volume. There are many tools which are available online that will help you find the perfect keyword for your websites SEO. One of the most useful tools for finding the right keyword is the Google Adwords Keyword Planner Tool. 1. Insert your target keyword in the domain name if possible title tag h1 tag and h2 tag. Make sure that your target keyword appears organically once or twice in the body of the page. 2. Register your website on Google Search Console. Google Search Console is a great tool that helps you find out whether your website is search engine friendly or not. The Google Search Console can do the following tasks for you It can tell you the keywords on which your site is ranking. It can tell you how many times your website showed on the search engine results page SERP and for what keywords. It can tell you whether your website structure is proper or not crawl errors. It can show you if any page on your website is not reachable by the search engine whether the resource has moved or it contains any other error. It can help you submit a URL to the search engine that you want it to crawl. It can help you check and submit your robots.txt file. It can help you check and submit your sitemap.txt file. 1. Configure Robots.txt file. Avenues Payment. Just another online payment fraud company in India: To all of my fellow reddit users I present to you Avenues payment . This fraud of a company goes around scamming people for money. If you look at the google reviews you can see that all of them are related to getting cheated on. Last day one of my friend got scammed by this fraud of a company that is how I came to know about this company. When he tried to contact this company they kept on slandering him. These guys are again connected another website called [https//www.remitguru.com/]https//www.remitguru.com/ . When I called one of the numbers given in the website it went to some random guy. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/z7vph0an1gy31.pngwidth1366ampformatpngampautowebpampsac92a6f718fdbf48f7ccc6755448c893ac1b46ca Online fraud will remain a contentious issue even in the days to come. The more we connect and transact online the bigger the threat. Moreover since we cannot eliminate it the solution must be to remain on guard every single second. The only way to prevent online fraud is through vigilance and regulation. So please be cautious of companies like these. \\This company also has a LinkedIn profile.\\Wtf [ ]https//preview.redd.it/1xqsmb1tufy31.pngwidth774ampformatpngampautowebpamps30df9a1a8bca983202efbf9f8630345e856be076. About Chartered Civil Engineer Consultants KN Structural Engineers. via veho cab service. Why CSIRs food products better than those available in markets Tells union minister. The equipment master module can manage any piece of equipment quickly and easily.: [removed]. Knowledge Commerce Masterclass. Take the Great Indian Cryptocurrency Survey: While the regulatory climate for Crypto in India leaves much to be desired theres no reason why we cant discuss ideas. How can Crypto best serve the local population. If youd like to be a voice shaping the future participate in The Great Indian Cryptocurrency Survey [https//surveyhero.com/c/3f9c02c5]https//surveyhero.com/c/3f9c02c5. Trade slowdown catches up with Adani Ports. VodafoneIdea in critical state India biz value down to zero Vodafone CEO Nick Read. Air India to support apparel manufacturers. Creation of a startup team without money.: As the title of this thread suggests I am looking for people to basically work with me to create a platform that I have been envisioning of from a long time. The only catch is I have no money right now to invest on it. Equity can be shared with interested people. So anyone with prior experience can you provide me with pointers on how to create a team in India in such a situation. Places where such recruitment might work People with real interest or experience in marketing web desigining and legal works required. The idea is to create an online incubator cum networking platform.. Munjal Kothari in talks to buy 10 each in Yes Bank. Survey: Please help me complete my school lesson by answering to this survey. Thanks for your help.. Was trying to order a flight ticket on BookMyShow and suddenly it tries to sell me shakes. Wtf Disney. Situation critical Vodafones future in India in doubt after court ruling. Vodafone chief vows to end India losses. Mahindra exhibits precision farming solutions at AGRITECHNICA 2019. TERI SAS to organise international workshop on international agribusiness trade. Fair to say its a critical situation Vodafone CEO on future in India. 6 Ways to Improve Your Quality Management System QMS: [removed]. The meme continues.... 15 Ideas for Making the Most of Your Coworking Space. Latest Fine Soft Silk Saree Rich Weaving With Price Wedding Pa.... Smartphone maker Realme is taking India and other emerging markets by storm. Q2 Results Adani Ports Profit Beats Estimates On Higher Other Income. Indias Factory Output Posts Steepest Decline in Eight Years. Bengal govt owes Rs 46cr to BSNL CMs intervention sought Official. Over half of Indias digital payments are through UPI at the cost of card payments. Mukesh Ambani in Top 20 Billionaires 2019. Check out for Top 20 Billionaires for their Success Tips. Structural Consultants. Construction Company. Three Chinese banks sue Anil Ambani for failing to repay 680mn loan. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Mohali Safe Packers an Movers. Local Shifting Services in Mohali Chandigarh Panchkula Packers and Movers. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Mohali Relocation Services Mohali. What are the biggest data collector companies from India : Since data is the most valuable thing in the world I am looking for companies to invest in NSE. SBI Cards IPO SBI plans to sell 14 stake in card units IPO raise Rs 8000 crore. Einvoicing to be introduced on a voluntary basis heres what you should know. No claimants for dormant Swiss bank accounts of Indians may soon get liquidated. Maxepe maxepe Full Hindi Plan Earn And Monthly salary shoping Income .... Airports for sale Adani emerges as top contender for 29560 crore Jewar airport. 7 Habits Of Highly Effective People Self Improvement By Stephen Covey. Govt decides to import 1 lakh tonnes of onion to control price rise. Anil Ambani dragged to court by Chinese banks for 680 million unpaid loan. From Zero to the owner of million dollar worth company Ritesh Agarwal Success Story. WordPress Development Company Best SEO Company: [removed]. Do you think it is hard to get clients from India for a business as people do not spend money or have residual income like other countries: I know there are so many successful lndian business men but is it better to get clients from countries like Singapore US Britain Ireland Norway etc I mean they have more money with them. I mean more residual income or purchasing power so it would be easy to convert leads to customers Someone with experience please help me with this with data if you can.. We did a startup survey report for a sample of startups in Nepal. May help founders from India scale in Nepal.: Hey neighbors Nepals startup scene is nascent and slowly building. India leads a lot in this regard compared to Nepal. Thus I personally wanted to know an overview from our next door neighbors regarding Nepals startup scene. We have developed a report from the past year of Nepals startup scene. Could you provide us some insight and improvements we could make in this report as it evolves. We are here to learn. Your help would really be appreciated. [https//www.difrdesign.com/2019/11/entrepreneurshipandstartupcasestudy.html]https//www.difrdesign.com/2019/11/entrepreneurshipandstartupcasestudy.html. Policybazaar Tencent buys 10 of Policybazaar enters India insurance market. Benefits of a Quality Management System. EPF scam Former UPPCL MD AP Mishra arrested over 2600 crore investment in DHFL. Best Tour and Packages Provider in India Journyzs. [Urgent] Need help on my startup plan: Hi Guys I need urgent help. I am working on a startup idea along with my friends We all are working professionals. It is an app that can solve a few customer problems. I have built an MVP and planning to upload it on google play store. The problem is that the play store is asking payment information also with address and this information cant be changed later. 1. If I create a play store with my own account it looks very unprofessional and people may not download it. 2. If I create an account with my company name it is not registered yet I have to provide address and payment details. What should I do Let me know if I am not clear.. Moodys lowers Indias outlook to negative govt says eco fundamentals remain quite robust Times of India. Reporting amp Information Management with QMS systems Software: [removed]. Top 20 Domestic Moving Services in Panchkula Shifting Services. Agrochemicals are safe battling against diseases and climate change. Top 20 Local Shifting Services Office Relocation Services. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Panchkula Relocation Services. Best Mixer Grinder Online Price Top Brands in India 2019. Is India going to ban cryptocurrencies on Nov 15th: [removed]. Guys I found the best deal out there.. Top 20 Office Relocation Services Moving Services. ATS Nobility at Noida Extension Greater Noida by ATS Homekraft. Delhis toxic air adds to Indias woes as economy goes from bad to worse. New joint venture between Maruti and Toyota.. UPI system payments glitch Sebi knocks on RBIregulated NPCIs door. Top 20 Local Shifting Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Chandigarh. Pharmaceutical Industry. Flipkart/ Amazon delivery Franchise: My brother is looking forward to open a Delivery franchise for Amazon or Flipkart. In case of Amazon their site provides details steps how to contact them and what is the process to apply and how long it will take. However Flipkarts ekart which handles the deliveries is very silent and its hard to get any information on the franchise. The customer care number found in google search are a bust and doesnt work any more. Does anyone know how to approach Flipkarts ekart for franchise opportunities. Do help me to connect with friends or family who are into this.. CNH Industrial acquires Australian farm equipment maker KLine Ag. Top 20 Domestic Moving Services in Chandigarh. Loading and Unloading Services in Chandigarh. Top 20 Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Office Relocation Services. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar: [removed]. Digital tax on MNCs India seeks changes in OECD math. Maxepe Full Plan Daily Earning And Monthly salary Contact Ayush 80887.... BSNL Domestic telecom industry likely to shed 100000 jobs. Bit confused regarding Freelancing/GST: Hi in short I have been working as Freelancer for Gotranscript as Transcriber and as Graphic designer for Teepublic. In Teepublic anyone can upload design and sell stuff you get a percent of income if you sell any design from both Ive been making 1415k per month. Ive been receiving the money from Paypal. Now I am not registered under GST I thought I dont need it but yesterday I received an email from Paypal saying that my October Tax Invoice is available. further down it wrote You can now download the latest monthly tax invoice to see a summary of the GST charges for the payments you have received for October. Also Please note that the information shown on the invoice will also be made available to the tax authorities according to Indian regulations. Now I dont know anything about taxes in India we just moved here 2 years ago. I just want to know that did they already charge me by cutting a percent from the money I received because I did see less amount on my paypal account when I recieved it from the company but I thought thats just Paypal fees or is that GST charging me or do I have to pay it somewhere. if I am charged already then thats fine that means I have paid my taxes but if not how do I pay when I click on the link it takes me to a broken link or there might be a server problem but the email is real and is from Paypal I can assure you that. So yes thats my question. Do I have to register for GST Any freelancer or anyone with knowledge that can help me out. ISOs overall mission is built on the following core initiatives for its members: [removed]. Heari. Best Hair Transplant Clinic In Hyderabad Bangalore Vijayawada.. Depression in IT sector soon... Benefits of Laser Dentistry: [removed]. Was PMC Banks 73 Of The Money Loaned To The Dewans For Their Blindingly Luxurious Socialite Lifestyle. Infosys lays off mid senior level executives. India Inc to see a 10 salary increase in 2020 Willis Towers Watson Survey finds.. Finding it hard to promote your business Let us help gt Discuss Your Requirement. gt Choose A Particular Package. gt Accept The Agreement. gt Proceed with the Payment. gt Your Advertisement Will Be Displayed. Register Your Business Now on Grotal.com GetYourBusinessNoticed. Telecom Industry Indian telecom has been a bad dream for foreign investors Marten Pieters Former CEO Vodafone India. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches: [removed]. Good Ways to Cleanup Your Investment Portfolio. NEWS JUST IN Ashok Leyland becomes first Indian CV OEM to get ARAIs BS VI certification for entire heavyduty range of trucks amp buses production to begin from January 2020 to introduce new Modular Vehicle Platform and plans to enter Russian market. HDFC Q2 profit jumps 61 YoY to Rs 3962 crore beats estimates. Mukesh Ambani set to build Alibabalike 24bn ecommerce giant for India. Rupee ends marginally higher on FII inflow in equities. McDonalds CEO leaves the company. Manufacturing Industry. Profile Gujarat Safety. Looking For Fiberglass Mesh. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/: [removed]. Swimming Pool Tensile Structure. Top 20 Domestic Moving Services in Mohali Packers and Movers Tricity. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Mohali Safe Packers an Movers. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Mohali Relocation Services Mohali. Ecommerce in India. Where to find a partner: Does anyone here work in Ecommerce Im looking for a partner preferably in Northern India who has experience selling and managing online stores. Thanks.. Uber Money to launch in India by 2020. Singapore bank files case against med tech firm for Rs 178cr default. Explain Me Like I M 5. GST.: [removed]. Friends try to avoid Flipkart unless you dont have any other option. I dont trust them anymore.: [removed]. Top 50 richest entrepreneur of india. Online Womens Clothing Store Designer Clothing for Women. Home Painting Service. Kwiqpick Digital Waiter: [removed]. How one family rode the housing boom to dizzying heights and now stands accused of a range of financial crimes. Meanwhile in school.. Rentomojo furniture renting or data collection company: The experience on Rentomojo is unique. A lot of companies these days exploit user patience by giving faster KYC options of uploading PAN Aaadhar etc identifications. Rentomojo goes one step further and asks you to upload these not just for KYC but for getting discounts. They ask to connect your email inbox as well to get more discounts. Also its sad to see them partnering with Equifax after their huge scandal last year. I am certain that Rentomojo is profiting off of sharing our data with Equifax. And i found some weird flags in their API response. As a simple furniture renting service why would you need to store such data points about your users Just creates more doubt in my mind. What are your thoughts Do you guys experience this with other new Indian startups as well ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/koy7qjv8z9w31.pngwidth802ampformatpngampautowebpamps89e7b318f54dbf8d4c32a0734bf8d436ef861859 ampx200B hasRaisedFunding isLandlord isRiskyCustomer collegeDegree startUpInvestors ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/e3j1qcnaz9w31.pngwidth1007ampformatpngampautowebpamps0570d7aa382deffc5e4d2e516b1a01611f08e306. Cab Booking Outstation Taxi Outstation Cabs Outstation Cab Booking: CabBazar Hire outstation AC cabs at best fares starting at Rs. 8/km. Affordable one way and round trip taxi packages. Book online [outstation cabs]https//cabbazar.com/ at Cabbazar.com. Call us 91 7777880880 for 24x7 customer support.. 4 Steps to Developing a Quality Management System. My yearly salary is equal too 4949350.00 Rupees could I live okay in India: Could I live well in India with 5 million rupees a year. BeST: [removed]. Friend got a windfall from family investment tips: Hello all A friend of mine has got a lumpsum amount from family and I was wondering how that amount can be invested. Of course friend didnt ask me to I was wondering myself. ampx200B Amount 10 lakhs. ampx200B How to invest it Are there any investment instruments provided by banks Stock market is one obvious place but not everyone has time to sit in front of the ticker 24hrs a day.. Benefits of Inflight Magazines for Advertising Purposes. Stages of Sales Funnel Create a successful customer acquisition funnel in 2019. Stages of Sales Funnel Create an effective customer acquisition funnel in 2019. Maxepe www.maxepe.com Real Brands Royal Income. Contact Ayush 80.... GST collections decline to 95380 crore in October. Implications of registering a Sole Proprietorship firm with MSMEGST using rented residential property: So Ive been wanting to register a business under Sole Proprietorship and one of my friend who is a CA told me that I can register a firm using my rented residential address by obtaining a No Objection Certificate NOC from my landlord. Please note that our electricity bill is registered in the landlords name. The reason I dont want an office space is because everything I do is online Web Development Website Security Services etc. Clients dont visit my office space ever. Only I go to their place for meetings etc. Ive come to know that if I register a business from rented residential area then the property will be treated as commercial property and appropriate taxes will levied on that address. Im still confused on registering a firm on rented residential property without all these cons. How do I start a business without buying an office space. Home Care Nursing Services in Faridabad Nursing Services. Rising Floors Best Real Estate Advisor in Gurugram. Reporting amp Information Management with QMS Systems Software. Top 20 Female Nurses in Faridabad Nursing Services. Display Classified Advertisement Booking Online in The Telegraph. Top 20 Female Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Top 20 Nursing Services in Faridabad Female Attendant ServicesGrotal. Fake Airbnb Scam probably run by an Indian guy named Shray Goel. Should You Choose an Apartment or Villa: ampx200B [pros and cons]https//preview.redd.it/4z7o8lu8u0w31.pngwidth500ampformatpngampautowebpampsfdf7e031b68156ac00a179e6e6244acd60bd85b2 Finding a perfect dream home require a lot of thought and consideration. Amongst setting a budget scouring the city for the perfect location and selecting the right [real estate developer]https//www.mahimagroup.com/ one of the primary choices you need to make is between a villa and an apartment. Of course the cost matters a lot but here is a list of all the other factors you need to consider when listing down the pros and cons of both residential properties. Need more detail to make the right decision [Read this blog ]https//www.mahimagroup.com/blog/prosandconsforbuyingapartmentorvillainjaipur/and choose a home thats best for you. Jio to telecom minister Reject telcos financial relief demand. Indians ditch Chinese goods this Diwali Sale of Chinese goods declined by 60: The sale of Chinese goods has witnessed a major drop in the runup to Diwali as about 60 less Chinese products were sold this year. However Indians still purchased Chinese goods worth about Rs 3200 crore while items worth Rs 8000 crore were sold in the country during the Diwali last year. [Source]https//www.financialexpress.com/industry/indiansditchchinesegoodsthisdiwalibutrs3200croreworthchinaitemsstillsold/1750576/. TBH most cities in the world have Slums/poor neighborhoods/ Da hood.. Premium Bathroom Suites. Designer Bathroom Collection. Residential Complex in South Kolkata Developed by Alcove Realty. Linen Clothing India Festive trends in Linen for men. This Season Be Flexible In Every Role. Book Tender Notice Ads in Dainik Bhaskar at Lowest Rates. Festive trends in Linen for men Linen Club. 1.3 million Indian payment cards details up for sale on Dark Web. ARAI Approved GPS Tracker For Car Taxi And Goods Career: ConnectsWheels is a leading AIS 140 GPS Tracking Devices manufacturing company based in Delhi India. IRNSS provides accurate realtime positioning and timing services.. Study Abroad Education Consultants: [Study Abroad Education Consultants]https//www.cosmoconsultants.in/Services/counselling/ \ cosmo consultants provide you expert counselling. Our expert counselor to help you select the right course and university.. Simultaneous Interpretation System On Rent in Delhi. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi Bosch IR. ROIX.IN is on SALE. Indias largest platform for financially independent women: [removed]. Cognizant to cut 7000 midsenior level jobs exit content moderation.. Rumors of Vodafone mulling an exit from India do the rounds in telecom circles. Tees crafted with highest quality material catering to the youth: Guys Hope this message reaches you well. We have just launched a clothing brand catering to young individuals like yourselves. The material we select is of the highest quality rarest material. We want to bring to you garments crafted with the best materials out there such as Supima Cotton Start Merino wool cashmere wool etc. Please drop us a follow Have a look at our website. Give us reviews. ampx200B Currently we have launched for Men We will be launching for women soon. We have a launch offer going on hurry up and grab yours please follow [https//www.solidknits.com]https//www.solidknits.com Instagram SolidKnits twitter SolidKnits Facebook SolidKnits. Your help will be appreciated. ampx200B Regards.. Sorry Nirmala Sitharaman...[ OP u/solarifyindia ]. Sorry Nirmala Sitharaman....[OP u/solarifyindia]. Maternity Clothes Buy comfortable Maternity Outfits Fabhooks. Sorry Nirmala Sitharaman.... US India To Soon Revitalise Defence Tech Sharing Pact: ampx200B [ India and the US may soon revitalise a defence technology sharing pact. Several new ideas will be put on the table including a focus on startups. Also the possibility of exports to identified third nations as well as focusing on practical industry partnerships. ]https//preview.redd.it/r7y5lgrhoov31.jpgwidth500ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsf0e037a704845a21514c310eceb88f9979ae6974 For more details please checkout the link [https//www.indiandefencetimes.com/usindiatosoonrevitalisedefencetech/]https//www.indiandefencetimes.com/usindiatosoonrevitalisedefencetech/. US India To Soon Revitalise Defence Tech Sharing Pact:  India and the US may soon revitalise a defence technology sharing pact. Several new ideas will be put on the table including a focus on startups. Also the possibility of exports to identified third nations as well as focusing on practical industry partnerships. For details please check the link below [https//www.indiandefencetimes.com/usindiatosoonrevitalisedefencetech/]https//www.indiandefencetimes.com/usindiatosoonrevitalisedefencetech/. Vodafone may exit India operations as losses mount IANS report.. Heres Why Advertisers in Kolkata Should Release Newspaper Ads in EiSamay. RBI Chor Hai..... PhonePe spent Rs 2150 Cr to earn Rs 184 Cr operational revenue in FY19. Can an Indian buy taxsaving international mutual funds: [removed]. Indias largest platform for financially independent women: [removed]. Indias largest platform for financially independent women: [removed]. Indias largest community of financially independent women. Increased emission from motor vehicles is compelling the government to promote electric vehicles in India. Get 6 Months Industrial Training In Mohali Join The Best 6 Month Internship Program: [removed]. Coworking: Is there any demand of coworking spaces in Chandigarh tricity What are your thoughts about coworking i am thinking to invest in some coworking spaces.. From a 19Year Old Bajaj Chetak Scooter to a Brand New Mahindra SUV Courtesy Anand Mahindra:  [Anand Mahindra]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AnandMahindra is known for his witty encouraging informative and supportive tweets. One such instance has been ruling the internet these days. It is about a man from Mysore officially Mysuru who took his mother for a pilgrimage on a scooter which is 19year old Bajaj Chetak and was owned by his father. To this the Chairman of the Mahindra Group Anand Mahindra has promised to gift the man a brand new Mahindra KUV 100 NXT. He replied to a tweet having the same story and announced the same. Below is his recent tweet about Mysuru Man . Witness Grand Ganga Aarti Festival 2019 in Kolkata. Google Pay Diwali offer turns its users in to beggars. Flipkart logs loss of Rs 3837 Cr in 201819. Need help understanding Tax deductions in payslip: Hi everyone I need some help from the finance gurus to help me figure out my tax deductions and how can I effectively save on that. I recently got promoted and I just received my new payslip. My gross earnings are 164000 and I have invested 150000 under Section 80C. However as per my payslip my tax deductions are 28000 which is what I am not able to understand. How is this amount calculated and how can I effectively save on that I have heard that if you get a home loan then it can be saved. Is that true I am really confused. Any help is appreciated Thanks . Cancer surgeon in Hyderabad hospital in Himayath Nagar: [removed]. Laparoscopic surgical oncologist Hyderabad Himayath Nagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty: [removed]. Robotic surgeon in Hyderabad Himayath Nagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty: [removed]. Deccan Herald Classifieds Booking for Notice Ad at Best Rate. Oncologist surgeon in Hyderabad Himayath Nagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty: [removed]. Adani Group ties up with USbased Digital Realty for foray into data centre domain. cancer Robotic Oncologist surgeon in Hyderabad Himayath Nagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty: [removed]. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Mfrs. Exporters India Ravi Engg. Works: [removed]. 3 years of IBC Only 6 per cent cases resolved so far. Top 10 Richest People In The World 1996 2019 . Top ATM providers in India. Kids Accessories Buy Online Baby Fashion Accessories at Fabhooks. Nubia Red Magic 3S review the Most Affordable Gaming Smartphone in India for now. 55 lakh workers to benefit from increased minimum wages notified by Delhi govt Arvind Kejriwal. Whatsapp Paytm BHIM GPay PhonePePayment options are plenty. RuPay gives global cards a run for money. Jio missed call SMS alerts: Do not get SMS alerts anymore incase someone called me when my phone was switched off. Has Jio withdrawn this feature as well. Anyone who can transfer money through PayPal please respond .: I need to send .85 to a person though PayPal PayPal is not accepting my debit card rupay MasterCard . I need to make this transfer urgently so interested people DM me . Ill transfer 85 to you via upi . Thanks. Ambani one step closer to create Indias Alibaba with 24 billion holding firm. Salehoo Review 2019 How to make money on salehoo. What slowdown Mercedes sold 600 luxury cars in just one day. RED MAGIC 3s A GAMING PHONE REVIEW HOW GOOD IS IT FOR PUBG. ... Sure. My bosses are exploitative.: I am pretty frustrated with my job and have been thinking about the situation a lot which has caused me to build up a lot of negative energy of which I do not need in my life especially this Diwali. I know that sharing lessens the pain so I will start. I will come out and say it. I work for TATA Power Delhi and have been working here for a period of 2 years. I am an electrical engineer. My work involves shifts and to let these shifts run in my department there is a need of 3 people everyday. Since 3 individuals cannot work everyday 4 people are required giving us 2 off days in 8 days. The problem comes when any personnel goes on a medical or emergency leave and 3 people have to work continuously for several days without any overtime. For this an extra personnel is required as a backup. BSES Yamuna has 2 people as backup and same is with BSES Rajdhani. But in TATA Power my boss wants to show the higher management that he can get the same work done without backups and us people are suffering. It has been the case for 3 months now. Last month and last to last month I worked continuously for 10 days and this month the scenario is same with me working continuously for 12 days including this Diwali without any overtime or compensatory off. I have raised so many concerns but the my boss and her boss are not ready to listen. I have talked to the HR about it and it has been months. The HR guy couldnt even recall my name These pieces of shit are causing me so much stress and anxiety none of them are shit worth and just want to take a promotion which I am not surprised by. Oh how I wish I land another job and get out of this shit hole. I have been thinking too much about this and it has been taking a toll on me every time. Fuck these guys.. So Flipkart just scammed me..:  I know Flipkart is a great shopping site and all they give a lot of never before seen offers and stuff. But they just did a number on me with the Gamezone. I usually play games in the Flipkart Gamezone which is really rewarding if you can complete the game in time. I have recieved some rewards from it too. The rewards take some time to reach you like one month or so. So recently I won an Itek Powerbank from the game just won in the game with the alert that I can claim the reward before October 4th. So I waited. At somewhere like September 30th I was unable to play any Flipkart games. When I open the game section I just get a message that We encourage fair play in line with our terms and conditions. I have never been able to play any game ever since. http//imgur.com/a/IEzgZMY I tried the customer service which was of no use. They just said that I am unable to play and was not provided any reason as to why it happened. When I called the customer care they just cut the call after putting me on hold for sometime. Well what more can I conclude than Flipkart just scammed me big time They do have a statement in their Terms and Condition that say they can block me from Gamezone anytime. Why do they even give so much offers if they cant actually manage to give them Nicely done Flipkart.. ominfozone wishing you Happy Diwali: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/zto5e3ouy0v31.jpg ominfozone wishing you Happy Diwali. A very Happy amp bright diwali to you and your family Learn About Ominfozone at [www.ominfozone.com]https//www.ominfozone.com Follow Us for Updates. \happydiwali diwali diwali2019 ominfozone. bsnl offers free unlimited voice call. Kids Clothing Shop for Kids Dresses Online Kids Wear. Halloween Dresses Halloween Costumes and Accessories Fabhooks. Seeking help form law experts on this subreddit.: [removed]. Just dodged a bullet Beware of cyber criminals: [removed]. Please help me with suitable loan scheme. I need short term loan of around 7L for housing plot. Can repay after 6 months.: Hi I work in a small IT company and we are stuck financially. I need to pay for the remainder of the plot I purchased in village back in W. Bengal. I have already paid 50. I intend to build house on this plot. Once my brothers business is back in shape we can repay the bank loan after 6 months. What cheap and quick loan schemes am I eligible for and from which bank Thank you in advance. Startup Companies in India are Fighting Poverty: With a booming population and competitive economy[ India]https//borgenproject.org/top10factsabouthungerinindia/ has made a mark in the global playing field. However nearly 60 percent of Indias population lives on 3.10 per day and 21 percent 250 million people live on 2 per day. The uneven spread of wealth leaves many people in poor living conditions. The top 1 percent of Indians own [58 percent of Indias wealth]https//www.cnn.com/interactive/2017/10/world/ionindiaincomegap/ meaning 16 people own the wealth of 600 million people. Unfortunately over 70 percent of the population still lives in rural villages and work laborintensive jobs with minimal profits. The extremely high growth rate of the population leads to [a strain on resources]https//www.mapsofindia.com/myindia/society/povertyinindiaanditscauses. This leads to growing illiteracy and a lack of health care facilities and services. Some expect the total Indian population to reach 1.5 billion by 2026 which means the country will require 20 million new jobs to sustain its people. There is now a desperate need for a better solution to pull people and their families out of poverty. The Nature of Startup Companies in India The economy in India continues to compete on a global scale as highly intellectual individuals are progressing with new businesses and startups. In fact India is the home of 48 million new businesses which is more than twice the number in the United States at 23 million. The startup companies in India have unlimited access to [software and intelligence]https//www.inc.com/ajagrawal/thedifferencesofentrepreneurshipinindiacomparedtotheus.html making it a competitive playing field. Due to the startups India has the fastest growing economy and market place in the entire world taking over China and the United States. The number of startup companies in India is continuing to grow from 3100 companies in 2014 to an expected number of 11500 companies by 2020. The current day and age make India an ideal place of startups as entrepreneurs have access to the internet educational initiatives and experienced mentors. All of these factors [improve the success]https//www.forbes.com/sites/ajayyadav/2016/08/18/howstartupcultureinindiadiffersfromtheus/11ec3496bedb of startup companies. India has the thirdlargest startup ecosystem in the world which was worth over 32 billion in market valuation in 2017. The evergrowing field has drawn in numerous foreign investors leading to a 167 percent growth in 2016 alone. How Startup Companies Create Jobs The Indian government has recognized the growing startup companies and has created a plan for New India. This involves encouraging employment among the youth. The millennials in India can take advantage of the possible employment ventures as startups create an open atmosphere for innovation. With new information trends every year these creative companies are creating jobs for people and reducing poverty as people can better support themselves and their families. The startups alone create [one billion jobs for millennials]https//yourstory.com/2017/09/startupsjobs1billionmillennialsindia/. Companies such as Flipkart Ola and PayTM have an equity of 1 billion inspiring young entrepreneurs to take risks and start companies. In 2016 India had the most job creation of all countries in the Asia and Pacific Region. What Now Despite the high poverty rates in India there are new opportunities emerging for people to improve their living conditions. The startup companies in India are extremely successful and allow for families to improve their financial standings. The nature of the startup ecosystem makes it easier for people to start new businesses and become successful. Startup companies in India are changing lives and the same could happen in other countries. Haarika Gurivireddygari ampx200B From The Borgen Project. Luxury Residential Apartments to Book Your Dream Flats in Kolkata. Different Usages of Super Carry Shivam Autozone Mumbai. System Security amp Administration Manufacturing offer. What has actually happened to PMC Bank Know who ate up Peoples Money.. Indias economy is bleeding diesel as demand dries up. How the governments gold policies make Indias neighbours richer and this country itself poorer. 19000 Cr Diwali Sales for American ECommerce Cos against the Deadly Low for Indian RetailersDisaster. India Post Payments Bank fights to survive. If we need to payback more than 2 times the principle amount what does 89 interest means in home loans: [removed]. The Richest Tycoon in the Automobile Industry in India: Pallonji Mistry is an Indian billionaire whose wealth is estimated to be USD 14.4 Billion according to Forbes in 2019. He holds USD 0.3 Billion in TataMotors. Mistry 90 and his family are shareholders in Tata Sons the holding company behind more than 100 affiliates with 100 billion in annual revenue according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. According to one report he is the number 4 position in the world as an investor in the Automobile Sector. The other 9 people include Bill Gates Larry Elisson Elon Musk Susanne Klatten Stefan Quandt Li Shu Fu Georg Schaeffler Blair Parry and James Kennedy. The only Indian to appear in the top 10 list of investors in the automobile sector.. The ECommerce Entrepreneurs Community: [removed]. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/: [removed]. Ive created a Udemy Course for students who need to learn Financial Modeling and Valuation methods you can take it for 10 95 off using this code ACA643AC9E36B080540A:  You can take it for 10 95 off using this link [https//www.udemy.com/course/financialmodelingandvaluationfrombeginnertopro/couponCodeACA643AC9E36B080540A]https//www.udemy.com/course/financialmodelingandvaluationfrombeginnertopro/couponCodeACA643AC9E36B080540A or this code ACA643AC9E36B080540A it will expire in 2 days.. Visiting India is there a prepaid travel card that I can use to withdraw cash and as a debit card : [removed]. I am a college who want to borrow small instant loans. Do you know any apps which gives such loans to students who can no credit scores job or have filed itr Secondly the app must work throughout India and not only in select cities: I know a few which actually works like mpokket CashBean KreditBee. I want to know more apps like this which works in all of India and gives small Instant loans. Instant suggestions are welcome. Header Machine Best Cold Forging Machine in India One Die Two Blow Wire Starting Jay Ambe Industries. What can you Learn From Mukesh Ambani. website designer:  We provideSolutionsfor your business [website designer wikiwebnow]http//wikiwebnow.com/ [Web Designer and Developer]http//wikiwebnow.com/ we deliver many different skills and disciplines in the production and maintenance of websites. The different areas of web design include web graphic design interface design authoring including standardized code and proprietary software user experience design and search engine optimization. ampx200B ampx200B Services Services we offer [Simple website]http//wikiwebnow.com/ simple and efficient website with less complication [Compete interactive website]http//wikiwebnow.com/ complex interactive website with responsive site handler complex interactive website with responsive site handler simple as well as complex architecture both handled with latest technology on android complex interactive website with responsive site handler Google search engine handler along with adsense [social media handlers]http//wikiwebnow.com/ facebook tweeter whatsapp and many more social media buisness online offline social media hadling [graphics desgining]http//wikiwebnow.com/ logo desgining or complete website desigining adobe product desgining and corel draw. Download Free Ebooks. Top 20 Female Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Top 20 Male Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Rooms on Rent in Chandigarh. Psychological Consultation Services in Chandigarh. Psychological Counseling in Chandigarh Book Appointment now. Join My Team Real People Real Opportunity:  REAL people. REAL opportunity. [Join me and start growing a second income today.]https//www.joinmysfiteam.com/19138799. Buy/Hire Wireless Quiz Buzzer in Pune Best Quiz Buzzers. Tiffin Services in Chandigarh Sector 21 22 34A 35 35B 70 32. Google Pay Diwali Cards Trading: Okay so for one almost everybody has Diyas Jhumkas and Lanterns. Flower and Rangoli are relatively uncommon. So if you have either of those and want to trade lets make it happen. I personally need rangoli and am willing to give a flower in exchange.. India jumps to 63rd position in World Banks Ease of Doing Business Rankings. SpiceJet to open 1st international hub in UAE with Boeing 737 Maxs. Quality Management Certification benifits. After The Recent PMC Bank Scam Are Bank Deposits Still Safe. If you earn more than 50 lacs a year you are in the top 0.3 of India. Above 25 lacs you are in the top 1.2 of India. Only 3.2 of Indians earn above 15 lacs a year.: Findings from Income Tax Filings https//i.redd.it/nf197lvnx9u31.png. Making India Proud 5 Indians Who Are CEOs of Biggest Tech Companies in the World.. Husband Wife Problem Solution Specialist in Noida. Top 20 Husband Wife Problem Solutions in Noida Relationship Problems. Husbandwife Problem Solution Specialist in Noida Stop Your Divorce Grotal. Get the Best Ad Rates for Your Newspaper Ad in Times of India. I want to recommend Fund Back Office services.: Please check here if you are looking for similar services for your company [http//www.ibnfundbackofficeservices.com/]http//www.ibnfundbackofficeservices.com/. How to own your Dream Home in India without a Realestate Broker:  [Dream Home]https//i.redd.it/ta4kiq1mb8u31.jpg Sadly most of us believe that the purchase of [flats for sale in Mumbai]http//www.hawareintelligentia.com/ cannot be plausible without having a brochure by your side but this is just a myth. A brochure is not as vital as we make him to be in our deal besides one can make a much profitable transaction on his own. Having a middle man doesnt solve your problem in lieu you could handle the situation flawlessly and possibly negotiations would go rather smooth. Without using a real estate agent/broker you can own your [property in Mumbai]http//www.hawareintelligentia.com/ as effortlessly and avoid the following Real estate brokers create artificial scarcity to make you rush into possibly a bad decision Brokers often create a sense of emergency making you feel like youve got to act quickly so that you dont miss out just for personal benefit. Purchasing a home is one of the biggest financial decisions youll make in your life. Dont let anyone coax you into making a choice that you arent 100 confident about. They may tempt you with Glitzy Brochures and Sample Flats and fill in deception against the truth thus selfassessment of the property with genuine feedback is crucial for your future They charge Huge Commissions that may drill a hole in your pocket and add on to the existing expenditure. With userfriendly internet portals and simple online listings of properties on websites you can too now avoid paying this commission by searching for properties all by yourself. Heres a stepbystep guide to finding your dream home without using a real estate agent. Start by deciding the city and residential area you want to live in. If shifting base is possible to consider peripheral upcoming TierII cities or suburbs of Tier1 city. TierII cities or peripheral suburbs have plenty of advantages compared with overcongested and saturated metros. These include ample green spaces lesser pollution lower land prices unhurried yet vibrant lifestyles plenty of modern infrastructures smart city plans and more. Instead of limiting yourself to the top posh areas consider upcoming development zones also. When its time to start searching for residential properties choose the reputed internet portals. Make use of property search websites like to help with your search. Thereafter meticulously shortlist the properties that attract you meet your initial requirements of location budget amenities etc. Be aware of as online listings agents often use wrong photos false specifications and low prices to draw attention and generate leads. On contacting they show no availability and then endorse other properties. Direct builder contact is prudent for exact details on the project liked once you have received the exact details you can verify the same on the RERA website. Rank properties on your shortlist. You have to consider several factors like location amenities offered builder reputation feedback of other buyers etc. It would be cautious to visit 23 shortlisted builders past projects and talk to their old customers to get the feedback. You could also join the builders completed projects facebook groups and see the kind of questions and feedback the residents are posting. While shortlisting properties look beyond the price. For instance a property that doesnt come with maintenance by the builder postsale may have a lower selling price than another with regular maintenance. While choosing the former may seem like a better choice it isnt a costeffective choice in the long run. Purchasing a home has plenty of financial implications. You need to save for the down payment of the property arrange for home loans at the best rate deal with capital gains tax of selling your old property etc. One of the biggest benefits of choosing a reputed builder is that the company will handle most of these for you. From finding a suitable lender to help you with home loans to dealing with property registration stamp duties and other paperwork a builder who is customercentric can help you out. Check other legalities including noobjection certificate from the water land electricity authorities safety certificates project sanction plan no violation certificates etc. Discuss the payment procedures with the builder handle your home loan processing and make the booking amount. You then receive an allotment letter that has all relevant details like flat number square feet date of possession etc. You also have to sign a sale agreement with the builder/seller. This is proof that you are now the legal owner of the property. Make sure to doublecheck this deed before you sign. Finally you have to register the sale with the local authorities. With this you complete your purchase without a brochure and can move in into your property in Mumbai.. RS4 Rotary Slotting Machine Manufacturer India Ravi Engg. Works. Hire Network Printer Machine Saksham office: Hire network printer machine with Saksham office automation. Have a look here for information [https//www.sakshamoffice.com/networkprinter/]https//www.sakshamoffice.com/networkprinter/ https//i.redd.it/w13ajivf28u31.jpg. Google India revenues more than halved to Rs 4147 crore. I have been receiving plenty of these lately. Are these scams. Nubia Red Magic 3S now available for purchase on Flipkart Pricing launch offers. Steps to resolve Quickbooks Error 3140. Manufacturing Industry. How American ECommerce Cos have Ruined Diwali for 70000000 Indian Retailers. Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 800 Mango Design Tussar Silk .... Loading Unloading Services Goods Loading Service Car Transport. The Nutgraf The camel is inside the tent How Jio is about to become monopoly. What is Pearson Test of English PTE who can take this Exam Grotal. What is the difference between venture capitalists and angel investors. Indian property slump leaves beleaguered banks exposed. Top 20 PTE Coaching Centers in Chandigarh PTE Coaching. Top 20 IELTS Coaching Classes in Chandigarh PTE Coaching Classes. Those two Madrasis make silly points ignore them Infosys CEO Salil Parekhs alleged remarks in whistleblower letter.: Business Today Those two Madrasis make silly points ignore them Infosys CEO Salil Parekhs alleged remarks in whistleblower letter. https//www.businesstoday.in/current/corporate/madrasissundaramprahaladsillypointsignoresalilparekhwhistleblowerinfosys/story/385814.html. Total wealth in India touches 12.6 trillion. Top 20 IELTS Coaching in Chandigarh Guaranteed 8Band. Top 20 PTE Coaching Classes in Chandigarh PTE Institute. Bulk SMS Service for Schools:  Good communication is the key to running an educational institution successfully. This includes sharing vital information with parents and guardians on time. The traditional methods of sharing information are not as reliable as SMS messages due to postal delays an interception by students and so on. The explosion of mobile open all over the country has ensured that there is at least one mobile phone at the home of each student. So [bulk SMS]https//sandeshlive.com messages are a great way to reach parents on time without any interruption. Top Uses of Bulk SMS for School Fee reminder SMS to parents Holiday message to parents from school Exam amp Result Alert Alerts on unexpected events Reminders on ParentTeacher Meetings Information About Homework [Performance Notifications]https//sandeshlive.com/howschoolusebulksmstogetmoreinteractionwithparents/. RIL begins journey to zero net debt status with marginal reduction in liabilities in Q2. India Sees Opportunity in Trade Fight Luring Big Companies From China. Cheap way to pay the Indians: [removed]. Medical Charity Carpenters family is struggling to save their only baby whose liver is failing:  [https//www.ketto.org/fundraisers/savesumit]https//www.ketto.org/fundraisers/savesumit Found this Ketto Charity ad. This family needs urgent help. I thought it would help to spread the word somehow. Please if you can help them that would be great Also I dont really use reddit as a poster is there a place for this kind of stuff. Vashikaran Mantras Power to get your lost love back. Looking for a ACBusRentServicesInPune. Diwali Celebration in India 2019:  As per Hindu belief Diwali is the biggest festival in India. its celebrated for the homecoming of God Sri Ram once conquest Lanka his abstinence of fourteen years. Wouldnt you dress up your best once a guest comes reception during this case its GOD coming home thus even an even bigger excuse to shop for smart clothes its conjointly believed that Goddess Laxmi visits each house on Diwali night thus keep your house surrounding very clean amp decorate it. Within the same manner you wear fresh bought or new cloths or recently bought cloths to feel good and happy amp also to impress the Goddess Laxmi [Diwali celebrations with a number of curated activities]https//i.redd.it/kvexm2mk2vt31.png Gifts of Diwali may be homemade or readymade from any wellknown shop or restaurant. Pack your gift an exquisite and colored paper to create this special at the auspicious occasion of Diwali. Choose some special traditional and contemporary gift from a good vary of Diwali gifts for your beloved one which may touch their hearts deeply. Apparels Gifts Apparel gifts can be clothing like pretty saris Kurtis shirts tshirts etc to please your close ones like mother sister or wife. Gift a range of shirts or tshirts to your husband brother father or friends. Jackets and sweaters are particular to gift to your brother or husband. Fruit Candles This may sound uncommon however affirmative associate exciting idea as this will exist. Cut the fruit peels in pretty shapes and place tiny aromatic candles within them for a perfect decoration of home this Diwali. ampx200B [fruit candle decoration for this Diwali]https//i.redd.it/65yvqkin2vt31.png Minimize fireworks firecrackers..protect the environment ampx200B [Diwali Deals]https//i.redd.it/ys27tzto2vt31.png ampx200B sources [https//www.wholesale7.net/blog/diwalicelebrationinindia2019/]https//www.wholesale7.net/blog/diwalicelebrationinindia2019/. Placement Consultants In Chandigarh. Book Appointment ads in Malayala Manorama. Top 5 Job Consultants in Chandigarh Placement Consultants. Top 20 Placement Companies in Chandigarh Job Consultants. Top 20 Placement Consultants in Chandigarh Free Consultancy. How to transfer money to a friend if I dont have full kyc: So I have recently started to use PhonePe and I have done my minimal kyc but its now showing that I need to do full kyc to transfer money to my friend or family via my wallet. If my friend gives me his qr code will I be able to send him money from my wallet Since I cant directly send money to contacts will this method work. Flipkart is becoming incompetent.: Recently tried ordering Redmi K20 off of Flipkart. The product page listed multiple offers among which were a 6 month YouTube premium trial and 10 instant discount with SBI debit cards. Now you see the obvious choice here but NO Flipkart will automatically apply the Premium Trial offer on it not allow you to remove it and also not allow you to select another offer. The TampC of the YouTube premium trial offer explicitly states that no other offer providing cashback or discounts can be clubbed with the offer. Explaining this to the customer support was another pain in the ass. Firstly the support guys were very inept and to my best attempts I was still unable to explain the above even with screenshots when I attempted to contact them through the chat. [1]https//i.imgur.com/6vAQqAV.jpg [2]https//i.imgur.com/3gv7NMN.jpg My previous purchase for Minecraft Java edition also went awry with the seller sending me a pirated copy with a key that was leaked back in 2012 the product was under flipkarts recommended on the front page and getting my money took me over a month. On the contrary Amazon has always provided competent customer support even to nonprime members. Do note that I have Flipkart Plus too. Its depressing to see that what at one time was one of my trusted ecommerce websites sink so low. I am sorry if I sounded rude with my post but my I am very pissed off as I was looking forward for the deal. I made this post from a discussion standpoint and to not to just simply discredit on Flipkart. Your decisions should be your decisions only.. 20 Best Passive Income Ideas In 2019. Creating a small bootstrapped company in India. One of our products is live on Product Hunt. Check it out. What business would you suggest me to start: [removed]. Anyone here who can explain in simpler terms what the case is and what the court pronounced. Need help in filling form 15g for PF withdrawal.: Hi Im not sure if this is the right place to ask this but here goes. I am currently working abroad and have a PF account from when i used to work for an IT firm in India. I have been filing my IT returns even though I am working abroad since there are some stock purchases that I make occassionally. The place where I need help is fields which ask estimated income for declaration and total estimated income. I also need help in understanding the difference between assessment year and previous year. The last IT returns I filed was for 1920. I didnt mention any income on my returns since i was not working in India and O kept my remittance below 50k per month. As per my understanding there is no tax deductions on remittances. Any help regarding this would be much appreciated. DPIIT asks Amazon Flipkart to disclose names of top 5 sellers capital structure inventory details. How To Start An Online Store Step By Step. The Official Cambridge Guide to IELTS listening test 7. Somewhere in London....... Essential tools to improve OEE. Best construction companies in india Structural Engineers. Sex toy market in India to vibrate 1.6 billion by 2020. Cancer oncologist Robotic surgeon in Hyderabad Dr.Madhu Devarasetty: [removed]. Braces Specialist in Hyderabad Vistadent: [removed]. Find the list top Bank PO coaching Institutes in Chandigarh. TikTok Appointed Nikhil Gandhi as India Head. Movers and Shakers Of The Week [Oct 1419]. 7 Foremost Hidden Websites To Earn Money Online In 2019. Coudre Star Curtain Lights 12 Stars 138 LED Star String Lights 8 Modes Stars Shaped String Lights Plug in Curtain Lights for Bedroom Wedding Party Christmas Decorations for The Home Warm White: [removed]. Our Flawed Heroes. Latest Silk Saree Lichi Silk Saree With Price Online Shopping Di.... Quality Management Systems Compliance and Productivity Solutions.. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Payment After Work. Smart Digital Marketing Program only at Eduvogue. Get List of Skilled Black Magic Specialists in Delhi. S2DO.IN A special domain name is on SALE. Salecheapflights.com Cheap Flights Hotels Car Rentals Airport Transfers Travel Guide: [removed]. Best Biometric Attendance Devices Star Link India: [Star Link Communication]https//www.starlinkindia.comdesigns and develops most sophisticated state of art technology to serve the purpose of client. Each device has some unique peculiarity which makes uniquely suitable for Attendance System. Packed with incredible features Star Link Biometric Devices are perfectly configured for longer life. The specification and feature of devices make them versatile and compatible for any industry. We have different kinds of[Biometric Attendance]https//www.starlinkindia.com/products/ Machines and Access Control Systems that provide different storage capacity and functionalities. Hence the clients have the freedom to look for the best suitable product for their organization. [Biometric Devices]https//i.redd.it/ql25wpdta8t31.jpg For more Contact Us 7838039328 / 01140598827. Rs 10.5 crore cash missing from PMC records Banks internal investigation team. Big setback for DRI in Adani probe HC scraps its global info requests. Apple Authorized Service Center in Mumbai Laptop Repair Center. Top 20 Banquet Halls in Chandigarh Best Marriage Halls. Book Appointment ads in Malayala Manorama Malayala Manorama ads. PHARMACEUTICAL GMP. Airtel CEO thinks tariff prices are too low and should be hiked. I know many of us dont like the Jios move on charging us but airtel is no saint either. They were sucking us dry before Jio came.. Wedding Halls in Chandigarh. Top 20 Wedding Venues in Chandigarh Best Banquet Halls. Income tax question How is this legal: As you would all be aware that there would be many teachers retired teachers and in some cases older students or home makers who would supplement income through tuition. I just realized that many of them dont file IT for it. In one such case there was a home maker who used to give math tuition for 710 grade. There were 2 batches for each weekend and weekdays 11.5 hours 3 days or 2 days. Each batch had 46 students. The costs were from 500 to 1200 a month per student. Thus if there were 5 students 2 batches each 4 grades 78910 with a conservative average of 700 rupees a month This works out to 5\2\4\700 28000 a month. The overhead was nothing old books home as the center white board and some regular ink supply. If my understanding is correct they would plug this in with the monthly financial requirements groceries transport bills the husbands salary is entirely saved and can be put for investment in case of teachers their school salary Ive seen this being the case for so many years and so many times it seems to be working like a well oiled machine with no one catching up or consequences How does this work out without the IT department catching up on it im just curious as to how it works out. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant: [removed]. Work With Amazon Pay. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar: [removed]. 99 Off 0.01 Amazon Maxell 190069 Replacement Storage Protects from Dust and Contaminants Safe Jewel Case 12 Pack Clear 10mm: [removed]. Reliance Jio The camel is inside the tent. Return of Chetak Bajaj unveils escooter to hit the road by January 2020. Best Office Shifting Services in Mohali Packers and Movers.. Home Shifting Services in Mohali. Dnews healthsocial medialifestyletechnology. Best Local Shifting services in Mohali Packers and Movers.. Best Relocation Services in Mohali Packers and Movers.. Audience Response Systems Rental in Bangalore. Income tax department releases data on crorepati taxpayers. How Oyo Ruined My Anniversary. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Bangalore Voting Pads. Repair And Retrofitting KN Structural Engineers. Platform Structure KN Structural Engineers. Rcc building design. Mukesh Ambani is richest Indian Gautam Adani jumps 8 spots to No. 2 on Forbes richest people in India list. World Travel Mart WTM 4th 6th November 2019 Tours in India India Tour operators IATO. Just Your Dream Really True With Support by Axis Bank Help for Loan in India People: Just Your Own Dream True with the [Axis Bank]https//www.spicykings.in/latestoffersonline/quickaxisbanktopaycheapestofferonpersonalhomeloan/ Provider starting from at 300000. You Have to Use More Benefits With Axis Bank Support and Provide Cheaper EMI Home Loan for India People ampx200B [img]uew7lqdz8us31 Axis Bank Loan Benefit for Personal Loan Offering 1. Low Interest Rates to Use at Flexible Rates 2. Balance Transfer Available Quickly 3. Easy Loan Payment Service. 4. Nile Pre Payment charges amp without penalty. 5. Limited Time 30 Years for Your Loan Service 6. Any Type of Bank Support. You have to use the Individual Services of Home Loan Rewards. You just have to make sure you should be above 21 years of eligible loans. Make Sure You Can Check Your Loan Amount with EMI Calculator. Parle Biscuits net profit rises 15 in FY19 revenue up 6.4 to Rs 9030 cr. Setup a Roku Account Roku Com Link. IMF revises Indias growth projection from 7.3 to 6.1 per cent in 2019. Rats in rooms poor service and now electrocution OYOs billions havent helped it much. Real Estate Company to Book Ready to Move Flats in Tollygunge. Indias 100 Richest People List. ICAI Admit Card November 2019. Best Packers and movers in Mohali Relocation Services.. Structural consultants in noida KN Structural Engineers. What are the 8 principles of quality management. Solar power plant design KN Structural Engineers Complete Steel Structure Building Solution. solar power plant design KN Structural Engineers Solar Rooftop Structure Solution. iPhone Service Center in Bangalore Damages for which iPhone repair center offered its services Grotal. Your children will never fight over sharing a bed again. We provide Home Extension loan so that you can add a room to your existing home. Visit https//bit.ly/2UFl4wr MyHomeMyLife HFFC HomeLoan WeWillTakeYouHome HomeFirstIndia: [removed]. Google Pay will soon allow you to pay for transport cards. HCLs Shiv Nadar tops givers list Mukesh Ambani comes third. Top 20 Apple Authorized Service Center in Bangalore iPhone Repair. IPhone Service Centre Koramangala in Bangalore Apple Repair Grotal. List of Apple iPhone Service Center in Bangalore. Your Taxman is back again: [removed]. Your Taxman is back again: Hi r/india. This is your Taxman. CA LLB The old timers Im sure are familiar that I conduct AMAs to resolve tax queries every now and then. My friends and I have formed a partnership. You may reach out to us at https//instagram.com/thetaxwiseigshid9c9lf7e2h2vz Or thetaxwiseoutlook.com Well be happy to help you with your Legal and Direct Indirect Taxation matters.. Maintain amp manage inservice amp key equipment via maintenance schedules: [removed]. Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Office Relocation Services. structural consultants in noida KN Structural Engineers. Weird are the ways of amazon transportation: I bought a book from [Amazon.in]https//Amazon.in. Just checked the status of the package in transit. The deliver to address is Chennai Tamil Nadu. Look at the routing. Geniuses at work. [Deliver to address is Chennai Tamil Nadu.]https//i.redd.it/gdl2n5crmhs31.png. 20000 HAL Employees To Go On Indefinite Strike From Today Official. Help needed to register a Business from Scratch: Hello everyone I want to start a restaurant business in Bangalore and I am overwhelmed by the procedure of business registration and licenses associated with it. Trust me I am just a rookie in this. I went through many posts on reddit but I wasnt sure which sub I should post this so here it goes. I belong from Kolkata West Bengal presently working as a freelancer in Bangalore. I want to setup the restaurant nearby. I have already found a place to setup the dining hall and kitchen. If someone could guide me with the procedure I would really appreciate it since I cant afford professional consultancy.. Qnet...Dnt tell I didnt tell you: Some of us might have heard of Qnet and for those who havent this thread is for you guys This actually happened like a year ago and I had totally forgotten about it till someone pitched me Qnet again a few days ago. Back in 2018 I had quit my cushy job and just about started my own startup so money was tight I was highly motivated and looking to jump at any opportunity and this is when a guy I used to work with messaged me and told me he had this insane opportunity for me. He said it was a limitedtime opportunity and he was recommending me to his mentors this is where I started feeling like this is an MLM pitch or some sort of scam but given that I had always known him to be an honest fellow I gave him the benefit of the doubt. He scheduled a meet with some senior and this was in Sheraton Delhi. So first I meet this lady who says shes been working with this eCommerce/ networking company for past 23 years and here is the gist of the talk I had with her 1. She earns lakhs by working only a few weeks of the month travels the world when she fancies blah blah stuff like that. 2. I heard more irrelevant business jargons in 45 mins from her than I did in my 2 years of bschool. 3. Tried to discuss on a few of the business jargons she had been throwing around and I realised she only knows the terms and not what they mean. 4. So in 45 mins I hear everything from her own success story to random stuff but not a single word of what the opportunity is about or what the revenue model is only that the more hours I put in the more money I make and the returns are like 500. 5. She says she liked my personality motivation and whatnot and would let me know if I qualified for the program. Then she goes on for 1015 minutes to say how CEOs VPs etc. are lining up for this opportunity and even shows me her contact list saying all these people have been after her life so that she lets me in on this once in a lifetime opportunity. By now I had figured out this was some good scam and cursing myself for taking an uber instead of taking the metro. Shes like she will recommend me but chances are 5050. 6. Guess what 10 minutes later a very senior person in the business happens to be coming to this very hotel and that she can arrange for me to meet with him now only and all I had to do was impress him. Part 2 Meeting the socalled bigshot 1. So I had earlier talked about my love for travelling and building my own business in marketing. So the guy tells me that he has travelled over 50 countries last year and the lakhs of rupees he makes from this business helped him to secure his own passion project. 2. Apparently he was earning 5 lakhs per month in the IT industry before quitting his job. But despite me repeatedly asking he did not tell me which company he used to work for or even what role he was working in. 3. By now I am just enjoying my snacks and trying to see how far these scammers will go to sell me whatever it is they are trying to sell. 4. The guy also realised his sales pitch was not working and so he tried to convince me that I was morally responsible for my parents having to work in their old age when I should be able to provide for them and this opportunity was the only way I was going to do that 5. I repeatedly asked him what organization I would be working for and he evaded the question every single time. The only thing he said was that Microsoft handles their paperwork and hence they are a trustworthy company. 6. At the very end he casually mentions that fees for xyz stuff are INR 170000 and that I would be making that back in the next few weeks only. Thanked him finished my snacks and said I would think about it. I very nearly wanted to go full ballistic and let him know what a load of bs he had been going on about. Also they did ask for my PAN CARD photo which I said I didnt have on me and said I will send it once I get back which I never did. As for the guy who got me into this entire waste of time I see him post motivational posts on social media daily post pics of trips to exotic places and him riding inexpensive cars. He did try to pressure me into paying up the money and all he said was that the company name was QNET and nothing about what they did. A quick google search was enough to verify my doubts. Hope this story helps someone out there. Top 20 Local Shifting Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Packing Services in Chandigarh. Public Notice Ads Booking in Hindustan at Lowest Ad Rates. JOB VACANCIES IN MUMBAI Freejobsupport. Top 20 Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Office Relocation Services. Giant Chinese Bank Expands Blockchain after 50 Billion Transacted. How social media influencers in the 612 age group are dealing with the pitfalls of internet fame. Woman drug inspector held for taking gold necklace as bribe. A visit in Zomato Partner kitchen. Disclaimer Involves insects and unhygienic cooks: I feel disgusted and uncomfortable by just typing out my recent experience. I ordered a simple combo from Desi Sawad restaurant on Zomato past 12pm at night. I found out in track my order option in Zomato that this place is walkable distance from my home. I was curious as to not seeing any board for new opening. Upon calling the restaurant. I find out that its disguised under the name AlKhansah. Upon asking the manager he told me that they have only 1 kitchen but 3 restaurants registered in zomato for the same place. So no matter what you order it will be taste and look the same as its cooked from the same kitchen. Remaining 2 exist only online. I entered the shop by bowing down under the quaterly opened shutter of the restaurant. And oh dear you cannot believe how the food that we recieve in our package is cooked. All the workers were in their vest/banyan. They were rubbing chest hairs and picking noses while cooking chapatis. And there were cockroaches and insects on every piece of wall utensils slabswhere dough is prepared. They were sweating all over and dripping their sweat while flattening rotis. Any human being is guaranteed to get sick and severely ill after eating there. Now this begs the questions. How can places like this have health and hygiene standards approval passed to open restaurants Do they have the permit to open at night after 12 Is it okay to receive exactly same type of food from 3 different entities and yet 1 physical kitchen Is zomato doing any sort of background check at all for kitchen quality and validate if its new restaurant What can I do as a citizen to complaint against such practices Note AlKhansah is not alone. Many restaurants do this. Rangla PunjabBellandur reception have 12 phones on desk to receive orders. They have multiple restaurants under the names like Punjabi dawat and punjabi zone as well. Ofcourse all registered for single physical entity/kitchen. And dont even start about their kitchen. P.S PM me for cockroach and unhygienic kitchen pictures. Banks In India Drop By Over 40 Since RBI Crypto Bank Ban. Buying Health Insurance: Is it worth buying a health insurance Is it not better to save money for medical emergencies than to have a third party insurance company involved Also the fact that insurance policies are so complex to read and understand all those exclusions preexisting conditions and other jargons makes me not want to buy it. What do you all think. Inadequacies in market value estimates CAG report.... CAG slams govt over unauthorised Jungle Lodges.... Altico and Mashreq approach RBI against HDFC Bank. Private banks are also in trouble Modi govt must act now to set up resolution capability. Rural Electrification Corp loans 10000 crore to Adani Power for the Godda Plant set to export electricity to Bangladesh.: Why is the Rural Electrification Corp which is supposed to invest and loan to corps investing in Rural Electrification is loaning out to Adanis Godda Plant that will export all of its produce to Bangladesh Is Bangladesh Rural India ampx200B [https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/adanipowerseeks10000crloanfromrecpfcforgoddaplanttoexportpowertobangladesh/article25994247.ece]https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/adanipowerseeks10000crloanfromrecpfcforgoddaplanttoexportpowertobangladesh/article25994247.ece. pre engineered structures KN Structural Engineers. 20 Top IT Companies in MohaliSoftware Development Companies in Mohali. Developing a Quality Management System. Latest Trending Pure cotton saree With price 800 Online Shopping. best construction companies in india KN Structural Engineers. Virtual Goods sales RBI and Tax guidelines India Query: [removed]. Network 18 and NewsX layingoff journalists channels shutdown and no pay and problems in Republic TV amp other channels. Network 18 and NewsX layingoff journalists channels shutdown no increment amp other problems in Republic TV amp other channels. What Makes Pune The Best Choice For NRI Investment in India:  With the implementation of RERA and GST an upsurge has been seen in real estate investments in Pune. So here are some reasons that makes Pune the best choice for NRI investments.. IT Hub Educational Hub Residential Investment Infrastructure Amenities and more... The real estate sector in Pune is said to grow quite swiftly in the next few years giving investors an extraordinary investment options. gtSource Read more about [NRI investment in Pune]https//amanora.com/blog/whatmakespunethebestchoicefornriinvestments.. Compact Sewage Treatment Plant Manufacturers In India Netsol Water Solutions Pvt Ltd. Indias passenger vehicle sales plunge 24 in September. Tata Motors reinvents marketing strategies to woo car buyers. Flight Booking API Provider in India Top Airline API Providers India.. [Question] How much the registration of cosemetic product costs in India: [removed]. Ranbaxy ExPromoter Shivinder Singh Arrested In Fraud Case By Delhi Police. Mandatory Elements of a QMS System: [removed]. Heres more proof that you shouldnt take all Indian online festive offers at face value. Business process outsourcing companies Radiate EServices: [removed]. Braces Specialist in Hyderabad Best Dentist VistaDent: [removed]. robotic surgical oncologist surgeon Hyderabad Himayath Nagar Dr. Madhu Devarasetty: [removed]. Boom Your Career in the Foreign countries with the best IELTS Coaching guidance. Falling FD rates set to hit 4 crore senior citizens hard Times of India . EPOXY FLOORING: ampx200B [img]ip9w1o8vvnr31 [img]smfgar8vvnr31 [img]wdyk7r8vvnr31 [img]d3tbnq8vvnr31 [img]52y51s8vvnr31 [img]xrdsyr8vvnr31 [img]oh9a0r8vvnr31 [img]x3g7lq8vvnr31 [img]7x6nyr8vvnr31 RASH INDIA Floor care solutions......... We provide the solution for Epoxy Flooring Epoxy Selfleveling Epoxy Coatings Anti Corrosive Coating etc. For More Detail Please Contact us 9027488997 9917007678 mail id [rash4indiagmail.com]mailtorash4indiagmail.com ampx200B PLEASE FOLLOW US ON Website [http//rashindia.com]http//rashindia.com Blogger site [https//rashindia.blogspot.com]https//rashindia.blogspot.com Twitter site [https//twitter.com/RASHINDIA2]https//twitter.com/RASHINDIA2 Linkdin site [https//www.linkedin.com/in/rashindia069a7a167/]https//www.linkedin.com/in/rashindia069a7a167/ Printrest site [https//in.pinterest.com/rash4india/pins/]https//in.pinterest.com/rash4india/pins/ Facebook site [https//www.facebook.com/rash.india.7]https//www.facebook.com/rash.india.7 Youtube site [https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCq\e5h2ATXFSlO5b9zgIag]https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCqe5h2ATXFSlO5b9zgIagTumblr site [https//www.tumblr.com/blog/rashindia]https//www.tumblr.com/blog/rashindiaReddit site [https//www.reddit.com/user/RASHINDIA]https//www.reddit.com/user/RASHINDIAInstagram site [https//www.instagram.com/indiarash/]https//www.instagram.com/indiarash/. Top 15 IELTS Coaching Institutes in Mohali with Fees amp Course Detail. Amazon Walmart Will Help Save Indias Banks.. 20 IELTS Coaching Centers in Mohali Fee and Course Details. Top 20 IELTS Coaching Institutes in Mohali. India International Cooperatives Trade Fair to be held from Oct 1113. SBI writes off Rs 76600 crore of 220 defaulters RTI query reveals:  https//www.cnbctv18.com/economy/sbiwritesoffrs76600croreof220defaultersrtiqueryreveals4499621.htm/amptwitterimpressiontrue. English Teachers Needed 250000INR Salary Free Accommodation Included: [removed]. Student/zero balance account: I am a student living away from home. I want to open my first bank account. I have a strict budget and will prefer a zero balance account. Im confused between different banks. Please give suggestions Which bank has the best offers and discounts Also airport lounge access is a plus point TIA. Fake emails from Kotak: [removed]. Heres more proof that you shouldnt take all Indian online festive offers at face value. Cox amp Kings Crisis Customers Lose Lakhs Franchise Owners Helpless. PG in Noida: How do I look for paying guest accommodation in Noida Are you looking for an answer Worry not let me tell you some good ways to get your perfect accommodation. Nowadays there are many online websites are available on which you can look for accommodation to stay in Noida. One of them is XoboRooms from this website you can get the PGs Flats \ampamp Shared rooms on rent as per your requirement \ampamp budget. They offer you a fully flexible \ampamp hasslefree experience. So if you are looking for the best [PG in Noida]https//xoborooms.com/propertylisting.phpcitynoida flat for rent for your luxury and comfort stay then contact them through their website.. Best Lawyers in Chandigarh High Court for your Case. Best Criminal Defense Lawyers in Chandigarh High Court for your Case. Best Criminal Lawyers in Chandigarh High Court for your Case. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Top 20 GST Registration in Gurgaon NCR Trademark Registration Grotal.com. Maruti Suzuki Cuts Production for Eighth Month in a Row. Top 20 Trademark Consultants in Gurgaon NCR Trademark registration Grotal. Online Trademark Registration Consultants in Gurgaon NCR. What is a Trademark Why and who can apply for trademark registration. ManaliOffer Special Discounts for Limited Time Only. Book Now Mornis camps amp resorts. 9212561234 www.mornis.in: ampx200B [trekking paragliding camping treks Manali adventure thrill fun love nature mountains mountainsview photography]https//i.redd.it/4tcc5v3a2hr31.png. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. MercedesBenz delivers over 200 cars in single day on Dussehra and Navratri. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Hotel operators who partnered with Oyo call it biggest online fraud demand criminal probe against Softbankbacked startup now poised to raise 1.5 bn. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Pure Cotton Silk Saree With Contrast Pallu Matching Blouse With Pr.... Important Points you Should know Before Engaging with Bridal Makeup Artist. Indian Economy Likely To Face More Risks In Near Term RBI. The Impact Of Union Budget 2019 On Indian Real Estate. Top 20 Old Age Care Services in Faridabad Old Age Home Services. Top 20 Female Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Top 20 Male Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Top 20 Nursing Services in Faridabad Female Attendant ServicesGrotal. Top 20 Female Nurses in Noida Female Nursing Services. You could lose a large chunk of your deposits if your bank fails. Top 20 Male Attendants in Noida Home Nursing Services. Top 20 Home Nursing Services in Noida Male/Female Nursing Services. Top 20 Nursing Services in Noida Male/Female Home Nursing Services. What you didnt know about deposit insurance The Hindu. Latest Collection Kota Silk Saree With Price Rs 650 2019 Diwal.... Why Some Indian Hotels Are Saying Not Welcome To Oyo. Quality Management Process: [removed]. Latest Gadhwal Soft Silk Saree With Price Rs 999 Party wear .... Top 20 Bank PO Coaching Institutes in Mohali Bank Coaching. Tips for an Enjoyable Bike Rental Experience in Delhi. Seven of top 10 firms lose over 1 trillion in mcap HDFC Bank worst hit. 20 Bank Clerk Coaching Centers in Mohali Bank Coaching Centers. 20 Bank Coaching Centers in Mohali Bank PO Bank Clerk Coaching. 20 Bank PO Coaching Classes Bank Coaching institutes. Share it: shop and and win assured rewards iPhone XR and more https//www.flipkart.com/bbdmysteryboxstore. Mumbai Rs 60 crore jewelry and private aircraft seized from HDIL bosses. Walmart uses blockchain technology for tracing seafood in Andhra Pradesh. Slag Crusher Plants Products Range India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. TIL There is a company which recycle used temple flowers to make bio friendly incense sticks. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Slag Crusher Plants Products Range India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. A quick guide to raising investments for Indian startups. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Suppliers India Jaikar Industry Private Limited. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Mumbai to be the first Indian city to have an Apple Store. https//santoshthapa4422.wixsite.com/iheadphones get it. Amazon Creates 21000 Crorepati Sellers Flipkart Churns Out 70 Billion Views [Festive Season FaceOff]. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Top 20 Wedding Venues in Delhi Best Banquet Halls in Delhi. Top 20 Banquet Halls in Delhi Best Wedding venues. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. PMC bank customer with placard protesting against PMC bank scam in Mumbai.. Ghost accounts at PMC routed HDIL loans. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. India Inc scrambles to weed out biases at workplace. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Top 4 Reasons Why You Should Not Stop Your MF SIP / Systematic Investment Plan. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Micron Tech opens Global Development Centre in Hyderabad. Best Dentist Near Me Hyderabad VistaDent: [removed]. Orthodontist Best Dentist in Hyderabad Banjara Hills: [removed]. 30 Of Indias Richest Prefer Investing In Real Estate in The Next 3 Years. Making of Durga Puja How Bengals biggest annual festival supports livelihoods of thousands. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. PMC Bank Crisis HDIL Directors Rakesh amp Sarang Wadhawan Accused of Loan Default Arrested. Googlebacked Dunzo raises 45M to expand its hyperlocal delivery startup in India. Training Management With QMS System Software. South Korean company Bithumb is trying to bring crypto to India. Top 20 Hair Spa Salons in Chandigarh Beauty Parlours. How have been the sales of Mahindra tractors in Sep 2019. New Arrivals Tussar Silk Saree Single Saree Tirumala Tech Saree .... Top 20 Hair Salons in Chandigarh Best Unisex Salons. Top 20 Ladies Beauty Parlor in Chandigarh Women Beauty parlours. Guys try this SEO tool for free. I am increasing the limited time offer for this subred [48 hours]. Best Bridal Makeup Artists in Chandigarh Party Makeup Artists. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Indian Police Cant Move Seized Crypto Due to Indias AntiCrypto Law. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. EMIs may fall further as RBI cuts repo rate by 25 bps reverse repo rate at 4.90 Times of India. Dairy Day offers premium tubs on Dussehra. Festive Wear Navy Color Pathani Suit:  [Pathani Suit with Nehru Jacket]https//g3fashion.com/mens/pathanikurtasuits/pathanisuit ampx200B [ pathani suit for men ]https//i.redd.it/5n4v2mztigq31.jpg Calm look with this naval force shading cotton texture pathani suit for happy capacity. Make highlights with remove neckline full sleeves fix pockets half button placket bend trim and accompanies base.. Zuckerberg Explains Why TikTok Has Become Bigger Than Instagram In India. PMC Bank Board Members HDIL Promoters Charged With MoneyLaundering. I took a car loan from Yesbank and I regret buying the car.: I had my Firms current account in yesbank and always had an impression that there services are good. So without thinking much and without comparing the rates and charges from other Banks I took a auto loan from Yesbank. I took it last year before Diwali and I regret getting a car because thie bank is a big time chutiya. Here are the reasons I hate yesbank now 1. They forced me to get an additional insurance to secure the loan amount just moments before I was going to be handed over the car. The amount was around 5000 the way they did it was very shady they got the docs signed before sanctioning the loan. It was literally moments before getting the car if I had time I wouldve gone to another bank. For comparison SBI or much banks doesnt require you to secure the loan. PSBs had almost no loan processing fee as compared to this shitbank. 2. They didnt update my email id for months despite me giving an application to update my email. The email was also mentioned on the loan application but they didnt update my email when opening my loan account. 3. I asked them to change my bank account from where my EMI is getting deducted. I had already closed the account from where my EMI was being deducted. I had opened another corporate loan account from other bank and it required me to close the current account of my firm from which the EMI was being deducted. When I requested them to change my bank account they refused. Even gave a letter to them but theyve plainly refused to change the bank account. The EMI is being bounced as the account is closed from where the emi was set to be deducted. And theyve not updated the latest bank account in my loan account. The people running the bank are some big time chutiyas. They dont want the EMI to be paid back to them and want to hurt my cibil score. Ive decided to approach the court for this matter. Theyre some insensitive people working there. P.S. Dont deal with Yesbank. Their policies are just plainly stupid for customers.. PMC scam RBI further increases withdrawals to Rs 25000. Why did Amazon Cut its India Investments Piyush Goyal and Wilbur Ross Have Different Reasons. 2 Crore Indians Quit DTH Services As Cable Bill Rises By 25 TV Users Migrating To Netflix Hotstar Amazon Prime. New Holland Agriculture bags gold medal for innovations in grape harvesting. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Ease your approved supplier and vendor management with evaluations and rating history: [removed]. Avail the Amazing Services at Apple Authorized Service Center. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Fintech everywhere Growing and Globalizing: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Air Conditioning Installation Repair Emergency Services New York. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Find the List of Apple Store in Mumbai Apple Store Near Me. 5 Apple Service Center in Mumbai Apple Repair Service Center. 5 Apple Repair Service Center in Mumbai iPhone Repair. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Oyo is successful because of its business model CEO Ritesh Agarwal. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Rural Development Grants amp Aids for Maharastra Based businesses: [removed]. Bharat 22 ETF fund offer opens for investors on Oct 3 government eyes Rs 8000 crore. Big news about Telegrams token offering. 30000 Rupee Surprise for Children Slum School If people wish to get involved with this amazing project in Jaipur then please get in touch with either myself or the project founder Nitin. I really wish to help push this project as i strongly believe in his plan. Thanks guys. Manage all aspects of your suppliers more easily than you ever imagined.: [removed]. Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Suppliers India Jaikar Industry Private Limited. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. ELI5 How do Zomato discounts work. Just curious whos PampL suffers.: I had an interesting encounter with Zomato yesterday. I had ordered for a footlong sub 15 inches and Can of Pepsi from Subway. The Bill amount was 280. The amount 280 was after applying the ZOMATO coupon code and the bill otherwise was 380. The time was 2 a.m The delivery guy came with just a 7inch sub and nothing else. I called up the store the store manager apologized and asked me if I would be okay with a refund since the delivery guy refused to go back 4kms to take the rest of the order. I agreed and opened Support uploaded a picture of the order and my refund was accepted. I had gotten a refund of 250 and since I had paid via LazyPay the refund was almost instant. So effectively the sub costed me 30. I was curious about 2 things 1 Why was the refund on the MRP i.e 380 and not the discounted cost i.e 280 Oneoff error or a loophole 2 At the end of day/week/month when they process this transaction who takes ownership of the loss/ how is it processed Just curious. Good day lads.. Scammer Rages When Windows Finds No Viruses. Embassy left picking up the WeWork India pieces. IRCTC IPO Subscription Status amp Allotment Date. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Swimming Pool Mosaic tile Manufacturers in Lucknow Tiles dealers in Lucknow. Maruti reports 24 dip in September sales. Narendra Modi govt adds 27 lakh young entrepreneurs to economy releases Rs 85000 cr to boost startups. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Day in the life of a Working Woman Architect in India . Your 1 Quality Management System Compliance and Productivity Solution: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Car Sales September 2019 Volkswagen India Records 4 Per Cent Growth. Check Out the Amazing Paper Product Manufacturers in Belagavi. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Top 20 Old Age Care Services in Faridabad Old Age Home Services. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. Top 20 Female Nurses in Faridabad Female Attendant Services. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Female Nurses in Faridabad. Top 20 Female Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top 20 Male Attendants in Faridabad Home Nursing Services. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. What is approximate cost of buying a rural Indian village: [removed]. Car Lounge in Pune Pluto Travels. Tube Charge Review [by beta tester] amp bonus Is Tubecharge worth buying. Packaged HVAC System Carrier India. Top 20 Trademark Registration Consultants in Delhi Logo Registration. Top 20 Body Massage Centers in Jaipur. Top 20 UGC Net Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh JRF NET Coaching. Top 15 IELTS Coaching Institutes in Mohali with Fees amp Course Detail. Top 20 Banquets in Delhi Best Marriage Halls and Party PalaceGrotal. System Security Administration.: [removed]. Top 5 interesting entrepreneur success stories Turned Passion into Business. Best Disposable Paper Product Manufacturers in Belgaum Plastic Products. How women entrepreneurs are changing Indian society. Over twothirds of PMCs loan exposure is in HDIL group. Need help from Indian with credit/debit Card: I need help from a willing Indian with a credit/debit card in their account. I dont need the information in any way you handle that. I need you to activate a service for me and I will send you money reward for that. This could turn into a longterm partnership where we can both make a lot of money. You need to be willing to work together on a new idea Im working on and we need to trust each other long term. I can explain more in private . Prices of popular cars in India Vs US Why and How much are we overpaying. Which MF is good: Im thinking of investing in MF. Please suggest some good AMCs. I have decided to do SIP with less amount to give a try and understand how MFs work.. PAN CARD CLUB INDIA: Will PAN CARD CLUB INDIA give our hard earned money which my father lost Kindly reply anyone [https//goo.gl/maps/5hHURPnbLovauDjZ8]https//goo.gl/maps/5hHURPnbLovauDjZ8. Has anybody been expelled from US university after going there for higher studies What is your financial situation like: One of my friends suffered mental problems when studying abroad in the US and had failing grades due to which he was kicked out of college. Now he is back in India but has a loan debt of 20 lakh rupees and just managed to get a job that pays 3 lakhs per year. The situation seems really bad so I was wondering if there was anybody else who is in a similar situation or knows anybody in a similar situation. And how it affected you financially and mentally. Flipkart hoarding iPhone stock.: Flipkarts big billion days sale is currently going on. Its 1210 AM 30th September IST. As promised flipkart is supposed to offer iPhone X 64GB Any colour at 45000 and iPhone XR at 40000. Sale begins at 1200 AM 30th Sept. iPhone X and XR sold out all models all colours all storage sizes. Flipkart updates info to show that only iPhone 7 8 6s and iPhone XS Max are on sale. Makes every other model appear sold out. Theres no way theyll sell that easily. These big companies hoard stocks and manipulate the market this should not be allowed. Does anyone have newspaper articles about big billion days We might find something.. Car Lounge in Pune Pluto Travels: [removed]. PMCs HDIL loan at 73 of total loan book says exMD Thomas in letter to RBI. Saudi Says Considering LongTerm Investments Worth 100 Billion In India. Slag Crusher Plants Products Range India. Saudi Arabia to invest 100 billion in India. Union Ministry of Commerce amp Industry Export policy of Onion is amended from free to prohibited till further orders. Hence export of all varieties of onions is prohibited with immediate effect. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Slowdown hits DStreet Sharekhan asks over 400 to quit. The fight between Amazon and Flipkart is leading them to milk employees till the last drop. Source Business Standard.. Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Suppliers India Jaikar Industry Private Limited. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Need some advice on Life Insurance Plan: Hi I need some clarification on the policy [https//tataaia.com/lifeinsuranceplans/protectionplans/sampoornaraksha.html]https//tataaia.com/lifeinsuranceplans/protectionplans/sampoornaraksha.html It is billed as a term policy with max maturity age 85 years on the website but the benefit illustration \[[link]http//multinationalacademy.com/dropsharefiles/BenefitIllustrationcopy/\] generated goes all the way unto 99 years. How is that possible Does the term plan go all the way to 99 Or does it convert to whole life policy in the middle its not clear to me to me how the benefit illustration is generated Thank you. Indians Throng Apple Retailers Strong Festive Demand for iPhone 11. Do you want to Make Money by taking short simple Surveys Click the link below to get started : [removed]. Website to Survey: [removed]. Mi 1Rs Sale 2019 Working Trick. In Small Big for me Trouble with Bank Because of Monthly Average Balance MAB..Suggestions: [removed]. Fed up with SBI customer service: Today I decided to buy a laptop as a gift for my brother on Amazon. The great indian sale offered some great discounts and additional offers on SBI cards. I have an SBI account for almost a decade now which I originally opened so that I could receive a scholarship they required an SBI account . I have had to visit the branch for the most ridiculously basic things which are annoying but this post isnt about that. The laptop I wanted to buy was for 66k and amazon offered an instant 2k discount 8k cashback for purchases above 50k. I usually do not keep a lot of money in SBI but for the purposes of this purchase I transferred money from my other account. The payment failed 3 times without any message/reason so I logged into my SBI account to investigate and turns out the daily ecommerce spend limit on the card is only 50k and it cannot be increased I called up customer care and spent nearly 30 mins on the call explaining the whole situation to them and after getting suggestions like 1 Why dont you use net banking the whole point of using the card was to avail the discount cashback 2 Why dont you buy a laptop under 50k limit this one blew my mind 3 Please apply for a new global card which offers 75k limit. I had to give up. I dont understand why SBI needs to set a hard limit on the daily spends for customers. Makes so much more sense to have a default limit and allow customers to choose their limits themselves.. Savings through app: Hi I recently introduced my friends to the wonders of this app and realised that it would be beneficial to a lot of people if they knew about it. Im talking to those people who really want to save and invest money but dont really understand the ins and outs without help from either parents/siblings/really good friends who know everything. Sqrrl is an app that has a very simple interface that helps you in saving for an experience starting a SIP investing in Mutual Funds to helping you with saving taxes. They also have a cool feature called Sqrrl Away that allows for rounding off your transactions to the nearest 50 or 100 thus allowing you to save money while spending. Sqrrl has really helped me a lot in getting into a saving habit and I hope it will be beneficial to you guys as well. Sqrrl website https//sqrrl.in/about/. Tussar Silk Saree Wedding Sarees With Price Rs 1250 Tussar Sil.... Gold Weekly analysis for 30th 5th Oct. visit all owner properties in hyderabad. IIT Delhi alumni have founded 15 of the 30 unicorns founded by Indians manage and run companies with a cumulative value of over 100 billion USD and have created 30 million employment opportunities.. Deluxe Hotels in Jalandhar. Now Earn A Money At Home Without Any Investment.. Mall of Travancore 4K Thiruvananthapuram Kerala Green Mall. Fingertip Access To Detailed Reporting. Be Inspired. Affected by PMC bank restrictions many threaten to boycott upcoming assembly polls.. Tour and Travel Agents in Dehradun Domestic Holiday Package. Bank Po Institute Franchise in Jalandhar Coaching Classes Franchise. PMC Bank crisis Builder who didnt repay 2500 crore granted 96.5 crore personal loan.. How To Grow Business. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Competitive Exam Coaching Franchise PBI Institute Franchise in India. Competitive Exam Coaching Institute Franchise in Jalandhar Franchise. Coaching Classes Franchise in Jalandhar SSC Coaching Franchise. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Rocking Wedding Season Linen Linen Club. Staying Cool Linen Trousers Linen Club. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. PMC Bank crisis No need to get into this now says FM Sitharaman. Adani Enterprises Incorporates Company For Operation Maintenance Of Ahmedabad Airport. Adani Enterprises Incorporates Company For Operation Maintenance Of Ahmedabad Airport. What is the best way to promote a business via online: [removed]. Govt plans to raise disinvestment target by Rs 52000 crore to Rs 1.57 lakh crore. Onion prices continue to rule high at Rs 7080/kg. Residential Projects to Book Ready to Move Flats in Kolkata. West Maharashtras Famous Best AC Bus Hire Pune. Latest Diwali Collections 2019 Moonga Tussar Silk Saree With Price.... Luxury Hotels in Jalandhar. Top 20 Home Nursing Services in Noida Male/Female Nursing Services. Top 20 Nursing Services in Noida Male/Female Home Nursing Services. Mehul Choksi a crook Indian officials free to investigate him Antigua PM. What happens to your deposits if RBI puts PMC Bank like restrictions on your bank. Created 10 question form for Job profiling in India with minimal privacy intrusion. Interested can take part.. US Dumps Indias trade deal.. IRCTC IPO for Rs 650 crore opens on September 30 check price band bid lot other details. Receiving payment first time by adsense receives following email from the bank.: Hi I need some help I have a small channel on youtube and i reach payment threshold on the adsense this month and google sent my payment on 23 September by Electronic wire transfer. Today i received a email from my bank. Below is the copy of the same mail. Dear Sir/Madam THIS IS A SYSTEM GENERATED EMAIL. PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. We have received following credit in our Nostro. Request you to provide disposal instruction with following details to your branch for credit to your account. If Standing Instruction SI is already provided transaction will be processed as per SI or as per details contained in swift message.For advance against exports shipment of underlying goods must take place within a year and export documents must be submitted to AD within stipulated time. 1 Purpose of Remittance 2 Account number to be credited 3 Exchange rates taken/Exchange rate to be taken by branch/Forward Contract No. to be utilized 4 eFIRC required Yes/No If purpose of remittance is Advance against export the below details are mandatory. 5 Final Destination/Export to 6 Consignee Name amp Address 7 If Buyer other than Consignee Name amp Address 8 If export is on elongated export terms i.e. shipment will exceeds one year Y/N We would like to inform you that subsequent to India signing up as a member of the Financial Action Task Force FATF Authorized Dealers need to exercise due caution in handling transactions pertaining to the countries coming under the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC or classified as high risk amp non cooperative countries by FATF amp FATF styled bodies.In this regard we would not be in a position to handle transactions purported from any such countries / sanctioned entities. For queries you may please contact your Branch/Relationship Manager TRAN REF NO XXXXXXXXXXXXXX VALUE DATE 24/09/2019 CURR CODE USD MSG AMOUNT 105.16 SENDER CODE XXXXXXXX ORD CUST ACCOUNT XXXXXXXX ORD CUST NAME GOOGLE ASIA PACIFIC PTE LTD ORD CUST ADDR1 8 MARINA BOULEVARD 0502 MARINA BA ORD CUST ADDR2 SINGAPORE ORD CUST ADDR3 SINGAPORE018981 BEN CUST ACCOUNT XXXXXXXX BEN CUST NAME XXXXX XXXXXX BEN CUST ADDR1 BEN CUST ADDR2 BEN CUST ADDR3 ORD INST XXXXXXXXX PAYMNT DETLS BNK OPER CODE CRED CHARGE DETLS OUR ACCT DETAILS SENDER INFO P1007 INTERNET ADVERTISING REVENUE SEND CORR REC CORR INTERMED EXCHANGE RATE SEN CHARGE REC CHARGE CURR INSTAMT 105.16 105.16 REG REP ENV CON REC BIC KKBKINBBAXXX Best Regards Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd. I dont know what should i do next i am currently in an another city so i could not visit my branch for next 46 days. As i read somewhere my bank will ask for the purpose code but it seems its already provided by Google.. Greenscape builders The Lavish Experience which you will never forget: [removed]. Different kinds of Hand Gloves. IndainSolution launch application. No more discounts on credit card payment at petrol pumps.. Basics of Digital Marketing You Need to Know: With companies taking the digital route and working hard to create a strong online presence we understand that it is important for any business to go digital just like yours. Do you want to promote your business online Do You know what digital marketing means No Worries cheer up In this article you will be guided through all the basics of digital marketing you need to know. What Is Digital Marketing In simplest terms digital marketing means marketing your products and services using the internet and digital media as the medium. We are talking about marketing tactics that involve reaching out to the target customers through online marketing and social media marketing. As you can imagine this is a vast field and can be quite intriguing if youre new to the zone of online marketing. Why your business need digital marketing Here are few points to convince you of the significance of having an online marketing plan for your business. Go Ahead Of Your Competition Did you know that 77.6 of small business owners use social media in their marketing strategy From solo entrepreneurs and freelancers to companies everyone is using digital marketing to establish a brand presence online today. If you dont adapt to the changing times you stand to lose potential customers very easily. Exposure to a Huge Audience Digital marketing allows you to grab the attention of your potential customers through a variety of ways. For example Search Engine Optimisation SEO helps you attract customers in an organic unpaid way. On the other hand Pay Per Click PPC marketing uses paid ads to draw the audience. By using different approaches you can reach a wider audience which can have a major impact on your brand recognition sales and awareness. Ease of Performance Tracking As there are various analytical tools available online tracking the performance of your marketing campaigns realtime is easy. With digital marketing you can oversee which aspects of your marketing strategy needs changes and make changes accordingly. This gives you huge control over your marketing campaigns and your budget. Effective amp Efficient Audience Targeting It is nearly impossible to target an audience based on gender language and location through traditional means of marketing. This is one of the biggest advantages of Digital marketing. You can choose who visits your website and who sees your ads. You can have total control over your audience flow and spend accordingly. Once you know how to handle your marketing campaigns successfully you can get much ahead of your competition amp increase your sales. To Learn More about the Advantages of Digital Marketing for your business get in touch.. How to earn 1000 at home. The Training Management module provides you with a complete training system.: [removed]. GST Login Portal: This infographic elaborates step by step procedure to [login GST portal]https//www.mastersindia.co/gst/gstportallogin/. https//i.redd.it/r4gw0momhpo31.png. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Jaw Crusher Manufacturers Suppliers India Jaikar Industry Private Limited. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Chennai Vastu Best Vastu Consultant in Chennai. Top 20 Plaster of Paris in Delhi NCR POP Manufacturers Dealers. Top 20 Plaster of Paris Work in Delhi NCR POP Contractors. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Top 20 Plaster of Paris Dealers in Delhi NCR Best POP Manufacturers. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Cooperative banks RBIs stepchildren or Orphans. Bhakt Then amp Now. Bhakt Then amp Now. Best Service to use for LLP Limited Liability Partnership Registration: We are trying to register an LLP in Telangana state. I looked into companies like [LeegalRaasta]https//www.legalraasta.com/llp/ and [VakilSearch]https//vakilsearch.com/llpregistrationindia and found a lot of negative reviews. Can someone suggest a decent service to hire for the LLP registration and relevant filings. Help Is there any way to make some corrections in previous years audit report: [removed]. Help needed. How do I find out how many mobile numbers have my aadhar card as proof of identity in any cellular carrier companies: If this post doesnt belong to this subreddit can you point me to the correct one.. Book 3BHK Flats with Upcoming Residential Projects in Kolkata. This Diwali Flipkart and Amazon India have to please buyers angry sellers and the competition regulator. Explainer Whats Sparking Panic at PMC Bank. Topmost business hotels to choose from while in Delhi Tips Clear Beauty Business Health Tech Travel and General. QMS Customer Successes. Top 20 SAP Training Institutes in Pune SAP Training Center. Top 20 SAP SD Training in Pune Courses Fees Details Classes. SAP SD Courses Training Institute in Pune SAP Online Training Grotal. Reliable amp Robust Digital Marketing Company. Indian medical platform DigiPrex Raises 5.5m to serve chronic patients.. Arent we gonna do something about this. CCTV Camera Installation in Delhi by KR Solution Group:  As per the security standards that you need to follow CCTV camera installation in Delhi has become the basic need for security of any premises from outside and inside view. You can see their use at commercial places malls shopping arcades hotels restaurants and even at home. Depending on your choice and requirement you can choose the best range of cameras that bring to you a number of added benefits. They are designed by top brands and installed by companies that have proven track record of installation. If you are looking for such [CCTV Camera installation in Delhi]http//krsolutiongroup.com/cctvcameraservicedelhi/ you will get some precise solutions by going online. Go local or search online and you will get details of top companies that have been into this domain for last many years. When you look for the top companies that are offering you CCTV Camera installation in Delhi you will find name of [KR Solution Group]http//krsolutiongroup.com/ comes on the top. The leading company has become a one stop name where team of engineers has been working dedicatedly to provide you complete solutions and peace of mind. You have to make a contact either by giving a call or sending a mail to get CCTV Camera installation in Delhi.. Depositors panic as RBI bars PMC Bank from business transactions. Maruti Suzuki Considering Price Cut Following Corporate Tax Reduction Report. Updated Goods amp Services Tax RatesGST Explained in a Video. Indias corporate tax cut to boost smartphone manufacturing executives. Apple iPhone 11 Preorders Are Already Sold Out on Amazon And Flipkart. Silent Equipment Rental Bringing You the Most Exciting Silent Garba Celebrations. Best cotton picking machine in India with unique features. JCB Fitted Grader: [removed]. Touch Screen Pos System in Delhi. STARKLE CREATING MINIMALISTIC FINE JEWELLERY FOR MILLENNIALS. prasadkarmarkar shared Narendra Modi on Twitter. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Ahmedabad Black Magic Specialists. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Ahmedabad Black Magic Specialists. Thomas Cook collapsed. Btw Indian Thomas Cook will be not affected since its a completely different entity.. CANADA STUDENT VISA WITHOUT IELTS : [removed]. How much should I pay a good CA and accountant: I run a small business and was wondering how much would be a good amount to pay for accounting and CA services. My revenue last year was 40lakhs and this year Im expecting to cross 1cr. Volume of transactions is low and transaction values are high. Also what should I look for in an accountant What questions should I ask before I settle on one I want to change my current CA/accountant as they didnt pay attention to my accounts and didnt pay my advance tax so now I have to pay 16k in interest payments. Their excuse We didnt think your profit would jump so high last year was 11k this year 500k. Thank you. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Best Freelance Graphic Designer Amritsar Call 91 981 576 2315. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. New Collection Tussar Silk Saree With Price Sari Weaving Weddi.... Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. RuPay doesnt support international transactions.: I just opened my bank account and they gave me a debit card. So i thought i can use netflix for real. Well turn out its a RuPay card and it doesnt support international transactions which requires to use netflix.. What is the general consensus among the people regarding the proposed sale of BPCL: Also will it be sold to IOCL or to a foreign company. OLX Other Classified Websites: What you dont like about current classified websites in India. From Underwear to Cars Indias Economy Is Fraying. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Equipment Maintenance Calibration With QMS Software.. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. LIC Assistance Recruitment 2019. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. New Indian Express Ad Booking with Top Ad Agency in India. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. The government could have set 0 income tax for people earning less than 25 lakh and it would have cost less than todays stupid decision where almost all the savings go to the top 1 of the companies not 1 of the people I am talking about companies.: [removed]. Making Free Websites for India Entrepreneurs: Hello I am looking to build up my portfolio some and so in return I am willing to make some free websites for entrepreneurs. I can also offer 3 months of free web hosting on top of that as well if youre interested. Thanks.. Creating Free Websites for India Entrepreneurs: [removed]. Making Free Websites for India Entrepreneurs: [removed]. Has LIC risked 10.7 Lakh Crores of investors money. Are these decisions of 37th GST Council Meeting bring GDP on track again Latest updates from GST India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. 37th GST Council Meeting 20 Sept 2019: [removed]. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Anandabazar Patrika Jobs Advertisement Booking at Lowest Rates. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Managing Faults amp Corrective Actions With Quality Management System Software. Attach Car With Ola Cabs Start the Business. Diwali comes early DStreet spins Rs 5 lakh cr wealth within an hour.. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Black Magic Specialist. Indias richest man and his rivals fight over missed calls.. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Love Relationship Problems Solution in Noida. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Husband Wife Problem Solution Specialist in Noida. Top 20 Husband Wife Problem Solutions in Noida Relationship Problems. Qatar Fund in talks with Adani Group for discom stake. How to succeed in business... Biggest Indian Techenabled Fraudsters:  Lets discuss about some top fraudsters of India the modern Natwar Lals extra brownie points for being techenabled. Id like to target fraudsters aged 2035 in this post. Ill start. Evan Luthra 24 Son of rich cloth merchant masquerading as a Doctor with some fake degree/Technocrat with no tech aptitude/Has built apps with hundreds of millions of users in his dreams ofcourse. \[ This thread might soon be archived for comments since he has a big team which serves legal notices to all platforms which have anything to say against the lord luthra\]. The team can handle stuff posted by others but what about stupidity he posts Ill give an example In this answer he shares a photoshopped version of his app which has 9 reviews and is 1 app in Dominican Republic. Edit Reddit removed previous submission because of quora link just find him on quora and read latest answer. Anubhav Mittal \30 Founder of a fraud called [SocialTrade.biz]https//socialtrade.biz/ \ MLM fraud to the tune of 3500 Cr. Took away huge wealth of North Indians. Currently in jail. He made millions of Indians believed they could make lakhs by clicking on ads.. Indias largest automobile manufacturer Tata Motors launches TACNet to support startups. What Does Your Dream Office Look Like. Indias Reliance Communications Unit GCX Files for Bankruptcy. Give Obituary Message Advertising in Telegraph at Lowest Rate. Fingertip Access to Detailed Reporting: [removed]. Now buy clothes on instalments. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. 10 Best Institutes for English Speaking Classes in Mohali. Acne Myth In Hindi: [removed]. Top 20 English Speaking institutes in Mohali with Contact details. English Coaching in Mohali. Top 20 English Coaching Centers in Chandigarh English Speaking Course. How to Make Lip Balm at Home in Hindi: [removed]. PWC fined Rs 230 crore for Foreign Exchange Management Act violation. NALCO declares record 115 per cent dividend of Rs 1072.73 crore for 201819. Why shouldnt we buy expensive smartphones.: An Economic Analysis The costliest phone in the US costs 1000 but some variants exceed that limit. Let us assume that the normal flagship phone price be around 900 which everybody buy. These are also subsidised by the carriers in the US. Purchase Power Parity says that the purchase power of Indians is about 17.5 Rupees to a dollar. Which means something which is expected to cost a dollar in the US should cost 17.5 Rupees in India. This is computed through taking in costs of food items and other basic amenities. 70/17.54 Which means that the cost of living in the US is about 4 times that of India. This gives a rough idea about local salaries rents etc. Now if a US citizen is paying at most 1100 this should mean we should not be ready to pay 275. I understand the cost of technology really depends on the material and labor cost as well as the RampD which is done in the US. So the phone costs same everywhere except the taxes and this is not a rant on phonemakers cost. Rather it is a rant about us overspending. Now the US prices are tax exclusive I will add 15 buffer and 15 more for cushion. This works out to 32.25. All of this works to about 364 or about Rupees 25.4k. Now there are many assumptions I took. The tax bracket of 15 is quite high. 1100 is also a high assumption. 15 cushion might be low. All in all 2026k range could be assumed. I am not saying anybody paying more is an idiot. If they want the best and have money to spare good for them. What concerns me more is the amount people are shelling out for smartphones and dont even earn that much. Especially with smartphones not getting outdated for more than 4 years now and with companies like Xiaomi cheaper phones are getting better. My Mi 3 lasted for 4 years and it was bought in 2014. I can only assume that smartphones these days are more futureproof. My moms iPhone 6S Plus is a 5 year old model which works flawlessly. An average user buying iPhone has INR 9.5 lakhs salary as per Purchase Power in the US as per some report I will link if you want. This will also include shit heads who buy it while being poor and crazy rich. Maybe we can save money elsewhere or upgrade late. Its tough these days with crazy marketing and new phones coming out every week.. I tried desining my resume from www.makeresume.in Let me how it looks.. PwC fined under FEMA. Attention Online Business Owners and Freelancers. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Get upto 60 off. Visit https//www.7ghosting.in. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar: [removed]. MG Teases At Its First Electric SUV In India To Be Produced Locally. It s good to see the growth in EV sector.. Quality Management Systems Compliance and Productivity Solutions.. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Cabinet approves ban on ecigarettes shares of cigarette makers jump. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. What is Economic Moat and 5 Ways to Spot Companies with Moat. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Prasad Karmarkar Shared Coffee Day Enterprises sells Bengaluru IT park to Blackstone for Rs 2700 crore Times of India. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. The curious case of Bhavish Aggarwal and Ola Electric. Entrepreneur Excellence Awards amp Dialogues on Mass Entrepreneurship by deAsra: [removed]. Market Live Indices erase gains Sensex Nifty flat auto pharma under pressure. Best Infertility treatment in noida Best IVF Clinic in Noida. Ramada by Wyndham Kapurthala Best 5 Star Hotel in Jalandhar. 5 Ultimate Factors Impacting Your Asset Allocation. QMS Documentation Solutions: [removed]. Rooms on Rent in Chandigarh Sector 8 21 22 35 29 34 37 Grotal. Petrol diesel prices in India may rise by Rs 56 a litre after Aramco refinery attack. Oyo founders 1.5 Billion stock buyback gets CCI nod. MampM offers its personal vehicles range on monthly subscription with Revv tieup. Promotion.  : [removed]. How Chinese phonemakers have destroyed Indian ones like Micromax. How can I become a pro in trading: Hey people I am a noob investor. I have some basic knowledge in stock market. Im interested in learning the whole thing. Is there a way I can learn trading Can you all suggest me some resourceful stuff Any kind suggestions are welcome.. The equipment master module can manage any piece of equipment quickly and easily.: [removed]. EVEN Token Crypto FREE 100 USD worth of tokens Very EASY Next withdrawal tomorrow DONT MISS THIS : EVEN Foundation is airdropping 1000 EVEN tokens to new users. Signup using the below link to get 1000 EVEN tokens. Also get 500 EVEN for each referral. US AND CANADA CANT JOIN Earn EVEN tokens worth 100 USDT and more 1. Follow my [referral link]https//evenfound.org/refcodeWr8VdC You get 500 instead of 100 tokens if you signup from my referral link 2. Wait for the popup box to appear. 3. Submit your email into the popup box and signup. 4. Verify your mail and log in. 5. Complete your KYC verification. 6. You will get 1000 EVEN tokens. 7. Also get 500 EVEN for each referral. 8. Complete additional tasks to earn more tokens. Initial listing rate is 3000 EVEN 100 USDT You can hold the tokens or sell those tokens for bitcoin when it gets listed on an exchange. [https//evenfound.org/]https//evenfound.org/refcodeWr8VdC. Good Ways to Automate Your Investments For Better Returns. Latest Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 800 Diwali Designs 2019. List of Vashikaran Specilaists in Pune with Contact Number. Top 20 Past Life Regression Centers in Pune Regression Therapy. Is there an financial opportunity for NRIs to invest when indian economy hits the bottom: I trust MMS. And according to him its gonna be a long haul and its gonna go down for at least 3 years. That mean rupee is gonna be weaker. Real estate will also feel the effects. Does this present an opportunity for NRIs to invest in real estate or otherwise Is this immoral. Top 20 Past Life Regression Therapy Center in Pune PLR Session. Question for Indian CAs/Corporate lawyers: Once a Pvt Ltd. company that was never operational is struck off and its directors debarred what else can happen to the individuals involved Can they be sued served notice imprisoned somehow forced to pay pending dues Background In 2016 I wanted to start my own company providing media services like subtitling and QC for media content. I was super naive then and decided to open a pvt. ltd company with me and my dad reluctantly as directors. Even while the paperwork was being done I realized my folly as there was no scope of signing a contract with anyone for sustained work. I decided it was a mistake and being a business owner was not my cup of tea. So I had a company registered on my hands that never went anywhere operationally. The address was my home address. There was never any office no employees not even a bank account created but PAN was when I decided to abandon it within a few months of creating it. I could have taken the smart route of actually closing it but I was out of a job at the time and did not want to incur anymore CA expenditure. So I simply stopped doing anything about it. My hope was that if I deliberately not file any regulatory paperwork returns etc. after the prescribed time I would be sent a notice and subsequently my company would be struckoff and my dad and I debarred as directors. I saw abandonment as the cheapest way to close it. My question is will there be legal consequences for me and dad for this negligence after the company is struck off Obviously I dont want to go to jail for starting a company on paper and not doing anything about it after. I am a bit paranoid now. Expecting sane professional answers from either those who have gone through this or any legal experts. extra info it was a 1 lakh company with paid up capital 30k and ROC Bangalore. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Amazon strengthens play in furniture segment ahead of festive season. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. India Inc hails Rs 70000 Cr package to boost economy Inventiva. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. My Powerful Motivation Speeches About Life for you All Sandeep Maheshwari. Send money to India with Ria 10 AMAZON gift card: Check out Ria Money Transfer its great [https//mbsy.co/hs8dH]https//mbsy.co/hs8dH. Why Shopify Spent 450 Million on a Company No Ones Heard Of. redditnewstv. In relief for lenders Air India unit to pay 22000 crore dues in September. Slowdown Blues Contrary to Modi govts aim exports down by 6 in August gems amp jewellery lose shine. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. ISB Leadership Summit 2019 Sessions and talks by 25 top leaders in India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer india. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. my experince as a software developer in india: Hi I have been working in IT for some time now. lets say more than 8 years. all my life i worked really hard to stay up to date with current technologies. To the point where i can handle anything that is thrown at me. i had the time and i enjoy learning new things. i cared about quality of code product and i worked really hard to achieve that goal. But i was getting payed less than \55k a month work stressful. if you are just sitting at your desk for 8 years and had to deal with stressful deadlines this not gonna go in your favor. on top you are not making money. so you can quit your job in near future. Here is my advice for people who are really passionate about tech or web development. dont be passionate about it. its not cool. sure corporation will love you other tech freaks will respect you. but in the end if you not making big number you gonna suffer big times. if you love what you do you are making in lakhs a month you are good. anything below that dont justify your worth. Work on your business skills. thats gonna make you money. most of the people dont have hard problems to solve. if you like solving hard things get ready to be unhappy and payed less. you can easily make 30k from bootstrapping a WordPress site in 1 day rather than building a custom solution for lakh for someone. plus you can make passive income from hosting multiple sites in one place. you can hire anyone with 10k a month to get the shit done. this is how things are in tech. its not just only in India this is the case everywhere. if you can get into big company good for you. you can make really good money. you might not enjoy what you do but you will make money. Still there is lot to be said like burnouts eyes health and mental health. In short dont get attached to technology make money and get the fuck out. or start a business put it on autopilot. after all that now you can masturbate with your python and ai. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Banknifty Weekly Analysis for 16th. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Water Park in Ludhiana. Every Tom Dick amp Harry Tries to be a Venture Capitalist in India Inventiva. Getting my frist Credit Card need tips. See comment.. Why This Economic Slowdown amp Crisis Is Good Sign For India Inventiva. 5 Major Economic Challenges India is Facing. IBPS Clerk Notification 2019 12000 Vacancies Apply Online. Upcoming Real Estate Projects to Book Your Dream Home in Kolkata. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Netflix and Amazon will now have competition from Zomato Recently They announced to enter into Web streaming with completely original Content. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. The equipment master module can manage any piece of equipment quickly and easily.: [removed]. Indias OkCredit raises 67M to help small merchants digitize their bookkeeping. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Zomato takes Infinity Dining off the table.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Louis Vuitton Wants To Fund Baba Ramdevs Patanjali. Yes Really. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. SSC Coaching Classes in Chandigarh SSC CGL Exam Preparation. Top 20 SSC Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh SSC CGL Coaching Grotal. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Top 20 SSC Coaching in Chandigarh SSC coaching Centers. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Home cooking now a biz. Digital transaction volumes soar BHIM gains currency. Will there ever be an Indian version of Dragons Den/Shark Tank: Seems like a great way of boosting the entrepreneurial spirit no. SSD automatic machine to clean black money available in India Kuwait UAE Dubai etc call/WhatsApp 00971589553510. Used cars not just millennials likely behind auto slump. Govt. refuses airlines plea for more bilateral rights. Best Face Massage Oil In Hindi: [removed]. Face Makeup Ideas in Hindi: [removed]. India and China score highly on Talent readiness index.. Customize Your Corrective Actions With Full Root Cause Analysis.: [removed]. Facebook counters Mukesh Ambani says data is not new oil.. Will India become the next cannabis trailblazer. Auto sector slowdown Auto crisis more due to overproduction than slowdown in economy Rajiv Bajaj. Whats The Secret Behind Narendra Modis High Popularity In India Is it Pure Marketing. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Hyderabad Payment after work. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad. Husband Wife Problem Solution Specialist in Hyderabad. Husband Wife Problem Solutions in Hyderabad Divorce Solution. Reliance Nippon OFS Reliance Nippon SBI Lifes discount to peers may attract OFS investors. Career guidance: I quit medicine to pursue finance and management I feel happier and the stress level has reduced drastically but seeing the compensation in India compared to most western nations I feel recruitment here is a racket. My Sister who barely has any experience in her own field Subspecialization in Ophthalmology ofc makes way more than Nonexec VPs in MNCs/Banks/AMCs. I am tired of being labelled the black sheep in our family and at least a good comp would have made me feel better Any ideas on how to climb the corp ladder quicker my expertise is in equity analysis and valuation.. Should one get an MBA if its from a IIM/FMS/XLRI/JBIMS/SPJIMR: Does an MBA education ever run the risk of being very generalist in terms of a role as a number of jobs are slowly getting specialized This is one [trend]https//www.washingtonpost.com/express/2019/09/08/isgettinganmbaworthleap/noredirecton noticed in the US. But again the job market in India is reportedly doing badly and an MBA would then look attractive but just want opinions on it. What I think is that for someone whos a management undergrad whos been working about 3 years an MBA doesnt add a lot of value apart from helping you land a job. Apart from that one cant stop working if he has taken a loan to fund his education especially if he hates it. Also if MBAs have really high expectations can they not be replaced by their lowerpaid thats what Ive heard no offense CA counterparts Im thinking about all the reasons of what might not work in favour of MBAs apart from the opportunity cost of letting go of working somewhere the EMIs the possiblity that you might end up with a frustrating job So Im just researching a bit on all these aspects alongside my test prep.. SBI Recruitment 2019 Bank Medical Officer Vaccines Least Govt Jobs. Apple takes on Netflix Amazon with 99 per month streaming service in India. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Honda Activa 125 BSVI Launched in India at Rs 67490. Top Rated Web design and SEO Company in Amritsar amp Chandigarh. Say Hello to Smart Money Tandem has a giveaway of 50000 Credits for early users:  Another Giveaway With a high chance of winning Crypto Credits JOIN TANDEM GIVEAWAY JOIN TANDEM is a new product in our crypto space ... Just a minute to make your way to 50000 CREDITS Refer and Earn 1000 Credits Free 50000 CREDITS Here is my referral id 4v9pgt to JoinTandem you can earn credits along with me Just LIKE and SHARE this post. Hurry up This is for a limited time offer only. [https//www.jointandem.io/registercode4v9pgt]https//www.jointandem.io/registercode4v9pgtampfbclidIwAR2QdfdPffpKOTzm7822abkYlXEO3erHDzgnqNZ0Frx349LtvCqSWTZU0 click me Invite friend Claim Reward DONE ampx200B https//i.redd.it/rj3c9tlg5yl31.png. PTE Coaching Classes in Chandigarh with fee and course detail. Top 20 PTE Coaching Centers in Chandigarh PTE Classes Grotal. Top 20 PTE Coaching Classes in Chandigarh PTE Institute. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. How to become a good leader... Auto sector slowdown Auto crisis more due to overproduction than slowdown in economy Rajiv Bajaj. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Six sigma certification courses in Pune:  Institute of Fundamentals in Quality is one of the few institutes in Pune which covers a variety of courses to achieve Six Sigma Certification. As the name suggests this InstituteOfFundamentalsInQuality focuses on clarifying fundamental questions in quality of participants joining business organizations.. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. 60 funding for cow dung urine startups Times of India. The littleknown story of onceprivate Syndicate Bank which started with a 25paise deposit. Rs 18 bag costs Big Bazaar Rs 11000 Chandigarh News Times of India. 130 Billion USD to be spent on modernizing the Indian military over the next 57 years. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. How The Best Companies To Work For Engage Employees And Retain Top Talent. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Book Flights from the United States Qatar Airways Up to 12 off on Business Class amp up to 10 off on Economy Class fares India: [removed]. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata Payment After Work. Meet Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists Get Your Lost Love Back. How to Become a Fashion Designer: [removed].  Join One funnel away challenge and get 3000 bonus:  http//www.webaffiliatesreview.com/onefunnelawaychallenge/ . Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Dresses Ideas For Lohri in Hindi: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Escorts launches Indias first hybrid tractor. MilkLane steps into cattle feed business. Lost Love Vashikaran Specialist in Kolkata Powerful Love Vashikaran. Bridal Lehenga Designs in Hindi: [removed]. Why five out of the 11 payments banks have shut shop. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Rana Kapoor in talks with Paytm to sell stake in Yes Bank. Speak better English on chat Prepare for Interviews Business meetings etc.. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. BSE NSE commodity amp forex markets shut for trade today on account of Muharram. Easiest And cheap way to get International Debit card: Hay I need a international card to pay for Apple Music subscription. Here are my bank accounts and remarks 1. Karnataka bank has RuPay card so doesnt support int. transactions plus is student account. 2. My SBI account has become dormant and comes wtih a VISA card but its student account as well so not sure if it supports int. transactions. 3. Salaried Kotak Bank which does have VISA card with int. transactions but will be closing it as Im quitting the job. So I need a way to get a debit card for my uses. Prolly wont be keeping much money in that account so interest rates arent an issue but zero balance would be preferable however am fine with \100 maintenance fee for the card. Currently looking at Pockets ICICI but the card doesnt support int. transactions. I thought of Kotak 911 but Im 24 so would only be able to keep it at zero balance for just a year. Any service I could get Could I get a Visa card from my Karnataka bank itself. Prof. Werner brilliantly explains how the banking system and financial s.... Book Flights from the United States Qatar Airways Up to 12 off on Business Class amp up to 10 off on Economy Class fares India. How to Remove Unwanted Hair in Hindi: [removed]. Baba Ramdevs Patanjali is in a freefall amp it cant be blamed on the slowdown alone. Supplier Management with QMS.: [removed]. Top 20 IAS coaching in Chandigarh Best IAS Coaching Centers. UPSC Exams Coaching in Chandigarh. Top 20 UPSC Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh IAS Coaching. All rooms ought to look as if they were lived in and to have so to say a friendly welcome ready for the incomer. Hurry up Let these unique designs welcome your dear once.. When Vodafone dialled a wrong number in India. How to make your startup successful. Eveready now belongs to Warren Buffett.. Wonder where all the capital infusion is going And people still wonder why there is lack of liquidity. Bank reforms need of the hour. Our permanently contracted bank employees have time and again proved to be utterly incompetent.: 18 public sector banks hit by 2480 fraud cases of Rs 32000 cr in Q1 RTI https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/moneyandbanking/18publicsectorbankshitby2480fraudcasesofrs32000crinq1rti/article29367793.ece. Tried to join an online job and got scammed of 1000rs. Heres their number. 919538250701: [removed]. Straddle Strategy. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. 5 Five hot ideas to be productive in our lives.: 1 Focus on yourself Focusing on our own activities and growing our strength can make us unbelievable productive. 2 kick off negative people Yes you read it correctly kick off the negative people from your way who is not believing in your dreams. Its as simple as that. 3 socialize yourself Being able to connect with the people and networking with them has huge power to make people very productive. So socialize yourself with the right people. 4 Love Quality love with our love one indeed help us to be more productive in our lives. So spend quality time with your love ones. 5 Everything shall pass by Never ever forget this undeniable fact that. Everything shall pass by irrespective of its nature. So live laugh and enjoy the process of your life. Jai Social. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Indian space scientists devastated after moon landing fails. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Best Web development Company in Amritsar. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. GURUGRAM Indias first fully privately financed Rapid Metro system built by ILampFS Infrastructure here is facing closure due to the financial crisis. Government may Takeover.. Difference between CTC amp actual salary after MBA in India: Hi I was wondering what the difference between the CTC and the actual salary\ one gets at top bschools like IIMs/FMS/JBIMS/NMIMS with CTC in the denominator when youre calculating in terms of percentage would be like. Please let me know if theres something you know about this. TIA \inhanddeductions like EPF which is still your money at the end of the dayanything else that can still be a tangible and useful for most people benefit eg. housing office food counted in your CTC etc.. Unique Wedding Gift Ideas at Big Small: [removed]. PhonePe Valuation Soars To 7 Bn After Split From Flipkart. My new startup idea that will make me rich.: We will be providing finance to the people who have been fined by traffic police under the new motor vehicle act. Theyll only need to upload the challan copy on their mobile app and get immediate finance directly in their bank account. We will only charge a interest rate of flat rate 1 per month. No collateral no documentation except the challan receipt. Im sure we will be a huge success. Were blessed to be doing the right thing at the right time. Soon Ill be joining the elite 1.6 LPM club.. Bengaluru police book OYO CEO Ritesh Agarwal for allegedly cheating hotelier. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Read a chat with Harish Bijoor on brand strategy amp future of rural marketing. Manage multiple users with QMS: [removed]. Top Website Designing Company in Amritsar Freelance Website Designer Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Packers And Movers In Varanasi Make You Packing And Moving Easier. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Trending Sana Silk saree with price Rs 800/ Beautiful Work Sarees. How Kumarappa National Handmade Paper Institute made a turnaround.. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. OYOs Ritesh Agarwal Booked For Cheating Criminal Breach Of Trust. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. In an interesting development OYO Hotels and Homes is on the verge of taking over the student residential facilities of Lovely Professional University in Punjab. It is reported that the talks are at an advanced stage and that the deal could be worth 200 million.. Room Decor Ideas With Lights at Big Small: [removed]. Astrology Daily Panchang. Kanpur Bus Stand Station Uttar Pradesh Kanpur Bus Station Kanpur Vlog. Oriental Bank reveals loan exposure to Nirav Modi Choksi.. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Sensex jumps over 200 points amid positive global cues Tech Mahindra Bharti Airtel among top gainers Firstpost. Nifty tips Commodity tips Option tips Future tips Stock: [removed]. Germany Student Visa after Refusal from Canada and Germany with 4 years of Gap Mega Immigration. Inflation A Destructive Reciprocal of Compounding. Hospital giant IHH seeks healthy returns on India and China bets. Which is the most suitable form of business for you:  Limited Liability Partnership Under this form of business only the money invested by the partners would be affected. Their other assets will not be harmed in case of a setback. That indeed is the biggest benefit of Limited Liability Partnership LLP. LLP is suitable for small businesses startups and other ventures that are uncertain about their success. The government of India introduced this business form as it is more secure than an ordinary partnership. An advantage of LLP is that no compulsory audit is required. Similarly apart from the money invested in the particular business the other assets of the partners will not be affected. Another benefit of LLP is that there are fewer complications. Moreover there would be perpetual succession. Each LLP is eligible for a CIBIL score. Closing the business is easy too. However there are some demerits for LLP firms. Even though easy to register LLP faces the issue of limited capital. One disadvantage is that the penalty for not submitting accounts is high compared to other companies. Similarly LLP companies cannot go in for an IPO. Other drawbacks include neither foreign capital nor private equity can be accepted. Difficulties may be posed by the rule that transfer of ownership in LLP companies can be done only with the consent of all partners. There are more demerits. All states in India have not recognized LLP and this type of business is unknown to international operators. This makes attracting angel funds from abroad an uphill task. OPC In many countries abroad OnePerson Companies OPCs are favoured over sole proprietorship. Here all the shares are controlled by one person. The main advantage of OPC is that operating it is easier than other businesses. This means there are no annual general meetings or board meetings. Even when it is a separate legal entity one person controls everything in the company. Naturally there are less legal complications. The only condition is that a nominee is needed. An OPC does not find it difficult to get a bank loan or other funding. Moreover the issue of debentures also does not arise. Another major benefit is that even if the owner passes away the company survives. Still an OPC has some demerits. They include a higher amount for incorporation no nonbanking operations can be carried out and that as only one person is running the firm a single brain will be involved. Moreover an OPC cannot go for high turnover and no nonresident Indians can invest in the company. Private limited company This kind of company is ideal when there is 100 certainty about growth. There is no big board of directors in a private limited company. But to start such a firm PAN Permanent account number DIN Director identification number and TAN Tax deduction and collection account number have to be obtained. A digital signature also may be needed. Other requirements include Articles of Association Memorandum of Association Initial Promoters Agreements and Arbitration and Consolation Clause. Legal validity of a private limited company is ensured and it has a district ownership status. In fact even two persons can start a private limited company. The largest number of people who can be involved is 200. They can belong to any state in India. But if at least 51 of the shares are held by the founders the company will be safe in their hands. There are numerous advantages for a private limited company. One is that funds will be available from around the world. There are big funding agencies based in Canada and the Arab world and investments from them can be sought. Venture funds too can be obtained from abroad. The private limited companies enjoy perpetual succession and the management of the firm is flexible. As a result it attracts more trust than other kinds of businesses. Incidentally most banks are companies. A private limited firm can grow to any size to that of even Reliance or Tata. A company is the main form of business all over the world. In the United States it is referred to as LLC Limited Liability Corporation. However while in western countries less than 100 US Dollars need to be spent for starting a company the procedures are more expensive in India. In other words the registration process is costly in our country. Another demerit of private limited companies is that if a firm ends up in failure the same founder cannot start another concern. Even though the registration process is difficult as several procedures are involved it is not impossible. A private limited company can have 2200 shareholders. But if more people are to be involved it should become a public limited company. Public Limited Company Before a private limited company goes for an IPO Initial public offering it has to present its track record. Another requirement of a public limited company is statutory audit the accounts have to be presented to the government every year. One peculiarity of such firms is that the promoters can only choose the name of the company from a list suggested by the government authority. However they can decide the brand name. The cost of registering a public limited company is around Rs 50000. Another Rs 50000 has to be spent to meet the statutory obligations. All such procedures attract the trust of the government and the public for this form of business. Moreover a company can provide a protective environment to the clients staff as well as management. The main drawback of a public limited company is that winding up the firm is difficult as well as expensive. For a small business transformation from being a private limited company to a public entity is painful. When the company is big it has to depend on a company secretary auditor and accounting firms. Employees too would have to be appointed. Another factor that is crucial is that support of the community has to be ensured while running such a business. Considering these aspects much care has to be employed before launching a public limited company. Study at least 100 businesses in detail and identify the single most suitable one for you. For this conduct research and speak to experts. The effort would be worth it as public limited companies have the potential to grow to national and even international levels. So inspiring children to be entrepreneurs who launch their own companies is a good idea. Global trade does not mean just buying an item from abroad and selling it in India. Making a purchase in Mexico and selling it in Turkey is also international business. Such businesstobusiness deals can be carried out by public limited companies. In fact such activities contribute to the national cause. They support the people of the country in many ways too.. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Car no longer an aspiration get ready for change Asias richest banker tells auto sector.. Pakistan vs Indian Economy Slowdown Whom to Blame Pakistani Reaction. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Tussar Silk Saree Party wear Fancy Wedding With Price Tirumala.... Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. RECEIPT OF HOUSE RENT FOR INCOME TAX IN WORD DOCUMENT. Indian Police Rank List One by One. Geopolitical ramifications of 15 billion Saudi Aramco investment in Reliance Refinery in Jamnagar. A nice article compairing why american companies choose china instead of india brazil and mexico. Top 20 IELTS Coaching in Chandigarh Guaranteed 8Band. Top 35 Business Ideas for Womens Home Based Business Ideas Biz Ideas for House Wives Students. Why India is the Most Trusted IT Staffing Center of the World. ISOs overall mission is built on the following core initiatives for its members: [removed]. Moss Chiffon Saree Blouse Desginer Saree With Price Tirumala Tech. Now Advertise in Hindustan Times at an Affordable Rate. Jio Fiber broadband Plans Prices Set Top box and all you should know topyups: The Indian tech scene has been consistently busy with backtoback launches of new phones laptops and telecom services. However the biggest one of them all in the second half has to be Reliances Jio Fiber service. Being in beta testing as Jio GigaFiber for almost a year Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani finally announced most of the key features of the subscription along with price range. And within a few days you will be able to book the service for yourself. What makes Reliance Jio Fiber different JioFiber is more than just another broadband service for homes. Under the JioFiber tag Reliance is clubbing its broadband DTH service and landline connection for consumers. Along with that Jio is also trying to change the way people subscribe to local cable operators as well as gain access to modernday entertainment services. Additionally Jio Fiber is also looking to encourage more homes to adopt smart and connected ecosystems. Under Jio First Day First Show scheme the Premium JioFiber customers will be able to watch movies in their living rooms the same day these movies are released in theatres. If you are interested in going for JioFiber services then here are a couple of things you need to know. Check out more about Jio Plans prices set top box and online registration here [https//www.topyups.com/jiofiberbroadbandplanspricessettopbox/]https//www.topyups.com/jiofiberbroadbandplanspricessettopbox/. Three years after launch Reliance Jio is ready with more disruptions. MakeMyTrip Booking Cant understand whats going on here Citibank Cashback of Rs 1200: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/tadxj6hv7qk31.png https//i.redd.it/qaenlmjt7qk31.jpg. Tired of CITU trouble Muthoot says will permanently shut down 346 branches in Kerala. It will try to break the deadlock because of the trade union protests in the gold finance companys branches in state. DAILY PANCHANG. Maruti Suzuki share price falls 4 after firm announces 2day shutdown of Gurugram Manesar plants. Entered the entire bank name and address when it just asked for the banks name in an wire transfer form. Am I screwed: Hi. So this is my firsttimedealing with finance. So dont judge me if I screwed big time. ampx200B The premise is that I did a remote internship with a USbased firm who recently contacted me to discuss the transfer of my stipend funds. The transaction is to be carried out using wire transfer and I was asked the bank account IFSC code my banks SWIFT code and my IBAN number. Now the thing is that my bank HDFC doesnt have IBAN numbers apparently thats not how banks operate here in India. I contacted my bank about the details of the process and the bank told me to convey some additional information to the firm I worked with which included beneficiarys mine name beneficiarys account number beneficiary banks name beneficiary banks SWIFT code already given correspondent banks name correspondent banks SWIFT code Account number held with correspondent bank CHIPS ABA FEDWIRE ABA and CHIPS UID whatever those words mean. ampx200B Now this is the problem. In the field for the beneficiarys bank name I repeat the beneficiarys BANK NAME I filled out the entire bank name and address with the fucking pincode and everything. It just struck me after I had sent out the information that I misinterpreted what was being asked and on further googling the issue I find articles telling me that if the details dont match letterforletter the entire transaction may be cancelled and they may have to pay a fine for it as well which will obviously be deducted from my stipend and now Im panicking. ampx200B How fucked am I reddit. Didnt write the exact name of the Beneficiary Bank account in a wire transfer form. Am I screwed: Hi. So the premise is that I did a remote internship with a USbased firm who recently contacted me to discuss the transfer of stipend funds. The transaction is to be carried out using wire transfer and I was asked the bank account IFSC code my banks SWIFT code and my IBAN number. Now the thing is that my bank HDFC doesnt have IBAN numbers apparently thats not how banks operate here in India. I contacted my bank about the details of the process and the bank told me to convey some additional information to the firm I worked with which included beneficiarys mine name beneficiarys account number beneficiary banks name beneficiary banks SWIFT code already given correspondent banks name correspondent banks SWIFT code Account number held correspondent bank CHIPS ABA FEDWIRE ABA and CHIPS UID whatever those words mean. ampx200B Now this is the problem. In the field of beneficiary bank name I repeat the beneficiarys BANK NAME I filled out the entire bank name and address with the fucking pincode and everything. It just struck me after I had sent out the information that I misinterpreted what was being asked and on further googling the issue I find articles telling me that if the details dont match letterforletter the entire transaction may be cancelled and they may have to pay a fine for it as well which will obviously be deducted from my stipend and now Im panicking. ampx200B How fucked am I reddit. Positive Signals For Crypto in India DEA Includes Benefits Of ICOs amp Blockchain in Its Recent Report. BSNL Layoff. Top realty player Lodha Group lays of 400 people. Competitive Exam Coaching Franchise PBI Institute Franchise in India. SSC Coaching Institute Franchise in India Competitive Exam Franchise. SSC Coaching Institute Franchise in Jalandhar Institute Franchise.  Retirement Plans Pension Schemes: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/x76bqzh68jk31.jpg ampx200B Retirement Plans Pension Schemes . Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Trending Moonga Silk Saree Tirumala Tech Tussar Collections Wit.... How a Scottish botanist stole Chinas tea and changed Indian history. The chart that predicts Recession .. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. IAS Coaching Classes in Surat. Technical Analysis on Raymond Stock Futures Market NSE. Top 20 IAS Coaching in Surat IAS/UPSC Coaching Centers. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes in Surat IAS/UPSC Coaching Center. Digital media advertisement can boost up your sales up to 100X times... Try This. Best Freelance Graphic Designer Amritsar. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Bigprofitbuzz Stock market tips Result 3rd Sep 2019: [removed]. AUDIT MANAGEMENT With Quality Management System Software.: [removed]. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Auto sector is worstly affected by economic slowdown. Really . Indian Share Market Refuse To Improve After GDP Falls to 5. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Stock Market Free Trial Intraday Trading Tips Live Price. Believe Me These 8 Secrets Will make your business grow up to 100X Level...Try This. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Sensex Plunges Over 400 Points Nifty Slips Below 10900 10 Things To Know. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Love Guru Akram Khan Love Problem Solution Astrologer in Punjab. The Trade War has Come to India. Is it Ready for It. GST Update Govt. has completely waived GST ITC 04 Return for July 17 March 2019. Ready to Sell EM Bypass Residential Project to Live Your Dream Life. Sana Silk Saree With Price Rs 800 Online Shopping Trending Sarees. Love Problem Solution in Punjab Call Best Astrologer 91 9876819440. ICFAI University in Kochi Ernakulam. ICFAI University Distance Education in Kochi ICFAI MBA University. Bitcoin Scammer Stealing 63 Million Brutally Tortured and Murdered by Business Partners. Your 1 Quality Management System Compliance and Productivity Solution: [removed]. prem watsa I see money coming into India left right and centre Prem Watsa. Apple plans 23 brickandmortar an online retail store in India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Top Website Designing Company in Amritsar Freelance Website Designer Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Hey everybody Heres The Cost of Living in Canada Per Month House Rent Groceries Internet TV Mobile amp Hydro Bills Transportation Costs etc. Hope you have a great day. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India: [removed]. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. IRCTC to restore service charges on etickets. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Tips on How to Approach New People to Join Business Network Marketing Tips. Manage all aspects of your suppliers more easily than you ever imagined.: [removed]. Amid Dwindling Squadrons Strength Indian Air Force Seek 33 New Russian Fighter Jets. Looking to Collaborate: Attention Youtubers In India with Majority Indian Followers We are looking for Influencers If you are one and wish to join a Blooming Womens Fashion Brand in Dm me with your Channel link lt With Your Regular Shoutouts You will have Unlimited Earning Potential. gt. Car Transport in Ahmedabad Car carriers services India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Breez Global Hill View Sohna Gurgaon: ampx200B [Breez Builders amp Developers launch Global Hill View 2 BHK FLAT affordable housing in Gurgaon Under Huda flat scheme amp Pradhan Mantra Awas Yojna.]https//i.redd.it/i1htk3ifdqj31.jpg. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Make Your Ad Reach the Audience of Pune with Loksatta. Top Website Designing Company in Amritsar Freelance Website Designer Amritsar. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Meesho App se Paise Kaise Kamaye Easy Way To EARN Money Online. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS FAILURES A look upon to learn from the prior considerations of the past Inventiva. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman announces plan to merge 10 PSBs into four entities Inventiva. How do the western food giants like McDonalds Krispy Kreme et al adapt to heavily discounted online food market in India: Zomato UberEats and Swiggy are giving away discounts upto 60 What do their CEOs think about it Do thy think these heavy discounts are harmful to their business if they continue long term. Analysis of Automobile industry slowdown in India. Party wear Fancy Sana Silk Saree With Price Rs 600. System Security Administration.: [removed]. Nirmala Sitharaman PNB OBC United Bank to be merged.. Blogs Digital Marketing Courses Training amp Certifications. How Indian Real Estate sector evolved postIndependence from 1947 to 2019. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Cleartax se file karlo fraands. Iran to open bank branch in India in 23 months to boost trade. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Repatriation of house sale proceeds: So it appears nris can only repatriate the sale proceeds of a property up to the amount that was remitted into india for the property purchase. Is this a correct reading of the rules If this is the case what is the point in even investing in real estate in india Fir my case The sale proceeds would typically be used for funding education of kids etc and any leftovers would be for retirement either in india or abroad. But I do t want to decide that right away.. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Apple iPhone Amazon Echo Production Moving From China to India. New Arrivals Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 1300 Only Tussar. Bank frauds rise to Rs 71543 crore in 201819 RBI annual report. Prize Money in Indian Esports Witnesses 118 Growth YoY with Four Months Still to Go. Input Tax Credit:  Information Tax Credit means diminishing the duty paid on contributions from expenses to be paid on yield. At the point when any supply of administrations or merchandise is provided to a taxable individual the GST charged is known as Input Tax. The idea isnt altogether new as it previously existed under the preGST backhanded expenses system administration assessment VAT and extract obligation. Presently its degree has been extended under GST. Prior it was unrealistic to guarantee information duty credit for Central Sales Tax Entry Tax Luxury Tax and different charges. Likewise makers and specialist coops couldnt guarantee the Central Excise obligation. During the preGST time crosscredit of VAT against administration charge/extract or the other way around was not permitted. In any case under GST since these assessments will be subsumed into one expense there wont be the confinement of setting off this info duty credit. The conditions to guarantee Input Tax Credit under GST is an extremely basic movement for each business to settle the expense obligation. To have more clarity about GST and alike please click the link. AdityaL1 ISROs First Solar Mission to study the Sun Thebloggergeeks:  After the successful launch of Chandrayaan 2 on 22July2019 at 0243 pm IST by ISRO. Indian space research organization ISRO is now heading towards the sun to study the suns corona. India first solar mission to the Sun Aditya L1 Read full article at [https//www.thebloggergeeks.com/adityal1isrosfirstsolarmissiontostudythesun/]https//www.thebloggergeeks.com/adityal1isrosfirstsolarmissiontostudythesun/. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Meet the Man from Thirunelveli Supplying Fresh Dosa Batter in the US His Journey is worth knowing for you You will feel proud to know How Indian Technology is at work in the US. 6 Ways to Improve Your Quality Management System QMS: [removed]. Young Sharks Business Plan Competition for School Students an IIT/IIM Alumni initiative: [removed]. Housing Complex to Book Ready to Sell Flats in South Kolkata. Meet YoungEntrepreneur A 12th class student Arjun Agarwal from Gurgaon who innovated an app Udhaar Khaata for shopkeepers. Credit India Ka Aaina: Meet YoungEntrepreneur \ A 12th class student Arjun Agarwal from Gurgaon who innovated an app Udhaar Khaata for Shop owners which will help them to track the outstanding balance from people and recover it. It sometimes hard for small shop owners like Kirana stores and other retail stores to track the remaining credit balance. Udhaar Khaata will help shopkeepers to manage the credit they give to customers. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/7branb97dcj31.png This app has the facility of reminding customers by making messages and phone calls. This mobile application is available on Google Play. It has been downloaded by about 9000 people so far. This app is available in both Hindi and English languages. According to an estimate there are about 15 million small shops in India. ampx200B [Source https\/\/economictimes.indiatimes.com\/hindi\/news\/12thgradestudentcreatesudhaarkhaataappforsmallshopkeepers\/articleshow\/70813514.cmsfrommdr ]https//i.redd.it/4irhx5c8dcj31.jpg Most of these shops lend about Rs 5000 to 10000 rupees per month to customers. Young talent is growing day by day we have to appreciate his efforts and contribution towards the sake of people.. Apple will be able to directly sell their products online.. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Full Color Offset Printing Amritsar. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Looking for investment advisors. Are apps like scripbox any good. Lower commission to purchase from China and arrange your Ocean shipping agent to Pick up: [removed]. PSA Wikimedia foundation has enough money to keep Wikipedia running for decades most of the money is spent on expansions. They dont have any immediate financial issues.: https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/WikimediaFoundation https//www.washingtonpost.com/news/theintersect/wp/2015/12/02/wikipediahasatonofmoneysowhyisitbeggingyoutodonateyours/ Just wanted to say that our donations count but they dont have any immediate financial issues or looming crisis.. Bigtoken Beermoney App: Hey guys just discovered a new beermoney app called Bigtoken where you can earn money selling data doing surveys checking in to show your location and connecting social media sites. The surveys are quick and pretty decent paying. It seems pretty wellmade and easy to use. You can also manage and see what sort of data youre selling and to whom it is going. The app has a cashout options including Paypal gift cards and an investment option but as of now investment option is still unavailble. You can see your points are worth in USD. It seem like this might be an app worth investing time on. Ref. Feel free to sign up with my code 67CDU5AMB Use code for extra points. At the non ref link https//bigtoken.com/download. Cabinet eases FDI rules for single brand retail OKs 100 foreign investment in contract manufacturing coal mining. GST Registration Consultants in Delhi. Top 20 Trademark Registration Consultants in Delhi Online Application. Top 20 Trademark Registration Consultants in Delhi Logo Registration. Fingertip Access To Detailed Reporting: [removed]. Jobs alert WinGIG Latest Jobs Hyderabad India: [removed]. Mitigating MSME Distress ENCOUNTERED IMPRESSIONS. CA Chartered accountants Hyderabad jubilee hills Banjara Hills: [removed]. Extra income: Hello Ive found this app by accident currently using it for two days now and earned 4 on it. Im just going to leave the link below. https//gobigtoken.page.link/2BXR Use referral code 67CDU5AMB Please use the code to earn extra points. Thanks and happy earning.. chartered accountants in Hyderabad Income Tax: [removed]. AMAZING 100 LEGIT INTERNET BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY FOR EVERYONE IN INDIA: [removed]. A guide to find funds for business. Latest Pure Mysore Silk Saree Blouse With Price Rs 1400. Top EM Bypass Residential Projects to Live Your Dream Life. What is the benefit of ISO certification: [removed]. Beeyestravelscoimbatore Coimbatore Travels Coimbatore Taxi and Cabs at Lowest Price. Dell Authorised Service Center in Bangalore. Unique Mobile Platform in India Find Business Partners / Investors for your businesses in your area / City. Download Vikaas App from google play store.. Dell Laptop Repair Center in Bangalore. varicose veins treatment in Hyderabad vascularcarecenter: [removed]. Top 20 Dell Laptop Service Center in Bangalore Dell Repair Center. Jobs alert WinGIG Latest Jobs Hyderabad: [removed]. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. When work from home increases stress rather than bringing relief.... yehmeraindia. Global Startup Awards Comes To India For First Time. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Latest Party wear Fancy Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 800. Rupee crashes below 72 mark against dollar on currency rout. Shoud I wait to transfer money from INR to EUR : Hi dear redditors I am not Indian citizen neither NRI/OCI. I just finished one mission in India and now i have about 6 lakhs INR on Indian bank accounts. What should i do with this money As i can read everywhere balance between INR and foreign currencies is really bad. Should i wait to transfer this money to Europe Should i transfer it now in case of INR is loosing more What would you do 6 lakhs is peanuts but still its hard working money i dont wanna waste. . The Ministry of Finance Extends GSTR 9 Annual Return filing due date till 30th November 2019..Here is the link of press release... Surplus money of RBI to be transferred to Government. Residential Complex to Book Flats in South Kolkata Near Tollygunge. Future of Ecommerce in India. Can your video hold the eyeballs in exhibition: [removed]. What are the Six Sigma tools. Need advice on credit card payment: I am kneedeep in credit card debt. I have one card on which I currently have 80K on debt. I know this is stupid of me to have this much of debt and I am not able to pay it fully or in good amount currently only managing a minimum amount as I have two other loans as well one is supposed to be over by the end of the year. I have cut down on any spendings other than the grocery fuel and bills. Please let me know if anyone has been in the same situation before and got out. What should I do Borrow this amount from someone and pay off Also if I cant borrow from any person what are my options P.S. I did read some of the old posts in this regard but I still need advice on this.. Body Massage Services in Chandigarh. Top 5 Body Massage Centers in Chandigarh Unisex Parlours. Top 20 Full Body Massage Centers in Chandigarh Full Body Spa. Latest Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 850 Wedding Sarees Tiruma.... Web Application Development: \webdesign webdevelopment Ecommerce education Healthcare hotels hospitality realestate Singapore Pune Australia. Bitcoin back to its alltime high according to repeat pattern. New Arrivals Wedding Banarasi Silk Saree With Price Rs 900 Tirum.... 195 firms owe Rs 13 trillion to lenders borrowings exceed marketcap. Google Adsense Free or Paid in Hindi. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Forage is the best food for animals: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. FORAGE HARVESTERS: [removed]. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Ramdevs partner Acharya Balkrishna leaked report confirms he smokes Marijuana. Is it acceptable security to share itr password with CA : Or do we have to appoint them as authorized user There is also an area on the portal where we can add our CA. What is the purpose of this . Cash starved Southern Railway to suspend housekeeping services from September 1. GST India News released Top 12 points Checklist of Ineligible ITC before filing GSTR 9 Annual Return by 31.08.2019 last date. Here are the contents... Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. The Training Management module provides you with a complete training system.: [removed]. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. how to write a Amazing Article full details in hindi. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. SBI cuts fixed deposit rates second time in a month. Xiaomi will offer personal loans in India but it will cost you your privacy. Will Amazons Foray into Food Delivery Satiate its Appetite for Growth: [removed].  2020 BS4 . Do you have hopes on Indian stock markets. Husband Wife Problem Solutions in Kolkata Husband Wife Disputes. How to Generate More Revenue to Your Construction Business: [removed]. Customer Successes: [removed]. Trademark Service Provider in US. Fiinovation Assisting Corporations and NGOs in Natural Resource Conservation Projects.: Fiinovation is committed towards conservation of the natural resources from the last eight years. This year understanding the need of promoting water conservation rainwater harvesting and plantation Fiinovation through its CSRCSO Partnership practice assisted Uflex and Aroh Foundation in implementation of CSR initiatives in the national capital region. The project will be carried out for the next three years where the capacity of the local communities will be build to conserve and optimize the natural resource base. The project is being funded by Uflex which is one of the largest flexible packaging company in India. Aroh Foundation is engaged in implementation of the project and have been chosen for the same after thorough scrutiny of credibility and previous experience of similar projects. The Uflex project is being implemented in two villages of Gautam Budhha Nagar and is estimated to benefit more than 400 farmers. The project will involve construction of insitu and exsitu rainwater harvesting structures to address the water scarcity concerns of the people. Aroh Foundation is known for their work in the social development and environment restoration and will help the farmers build field bunds and farm ponds to arrest rain water. The project will also include organic and inorganic mulching to protect the degrading top soil and plantation drive. Other aspect of the project is the horticulture production which shall be grown in the community and individually owned land. The specific activities will be beneficial for the livestock also due to availability of fodder all year round in the implementation area. The farmers will also benefit from the plants bearing fruits. [Fiinovation]https//www.youtube.com/watchvUxro9bso574 expects that the project will increase the ground water levels due to increased percolation and therefore there will be better availability of water for domestic and agricultural use. There are plans for implementation of similar water conservation projects across India especially the drought hit regions. Today such initiatives are not only beneficial for the farmers but has become a necessity. It is inspiring to see corporations such as Uflex investing their CSR funds towards environment conservation and sustainable development. Let us hope that through the water conservation projects India will be able to resolve the water crisis in future. Fiinovation urge corporations to focus on partnerships for implementation of similar CSR initiatives.. Top 20 IELTS Coaching centers in Dehradun IELTS TrainingGrotal. Top 20 Gate Coaching Centers in Chandigarh with Fees details. Top 20 IELTS Coaching Institutes in Mohali with Fees amp Course Detail. Kumar Associates Advocates is a law firm in Bangalore. The lawyers is S selvakumar is a leading advocate in Bangalore.. Air India wants govt to provide 2500 crore in SOS funding. Banquet Halls in Delhi. Top 20 Banquets in Delhi Best Marriage Halls and Party PalaceGrotal. Top SEO Company Amritsar SEO Experts. A FEW WORDS ABOUT US The Sun Eye Hospital amp Lasik Laser Center is one of the leading super specialty eye care center. It is headed by medical director Dr. Sudhir Srivastava a renowned ophthalmic surgeon who has many national and International experiences in his credit.. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Just to warn you against this affiliate network they did not pay me They are cheaters.. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. The Most Valuable Bits of the Tata Group Empire. Bharti Airtel blocks incoming messages: I got the wind that Telecom companies like Voda Airtel among others have agreed to charge a minimum amount per month and if someone fails to recharge then there is a grace period and then their I/C calls are blocked. I was fine till then but holy hell they blocked my incoming messages too. I cant receive OTPs. Yeah. that sucks. Its like they are asking me to port to Jio which I might. ampx200B Have anyone of you guys went through this. Which operator should I port if not Jio. Britannia to increase prices marginally to beat slowdown.. Hospitals General physicians in vanasthalipuram Evya: [removed]. Jobs alert WinGIG Latest Jobs Hyderabad: [removed]. Orthodontist Best Dentist in Hyderabad Braces Specialist Vistadent: [removed]. Food aggregators including Zomato to log out of deep discounts.. varicose veins Vascular Endovascular Surgeon in Hyderabad: [removed]. Repo Rate vs MCLR linked Home Loans. Flipkart is now offering doorstep smartphone repair plans starting at Rs 99. Top 20 Wedding venues in Chandigarh marriage palaces. Top 20 Marriage Halls in Chandigarh Banquets Halls. Top 20 Banquets in Chandigarh for All Your Events at Best Price. Top 20 Banquet Halls in Chandigarh Best Marriage Halls. Zomato hits roadblocks in India as restaurants lose appetite for gold. Managing Faults amp Corrective Actions With Quality Management System Software: [removed]. Full Color Offset Printing Amritsar. Anuradha Enterprises Bangalore Interior Designers Rajarajeshwari Nagar. How to Generate More Revenue to Your Construction Business: [removed]. Software Testing Engineer Jobs for FresherExperiencedHyderabad. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Airtel declares broadband war on Jio.. Hyundai Grand i10 NIOS Car Review in Hindi from India. Amazon opens its largest global campus in Hyderabad as it eyes giant share of India market. Rupee becomes worst performing Asian currency. Amazon opens its largest global campus in Hyderabad as it eyes giant share of India market: https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad/amazonopensitslargestglobalcampusincityasiteyesgiantshareofindiamkt/articleshow/70777869.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourcenativesharetray. Buy Diamond Online: where to buy the best diamond online . Amazons Biggest Campus Opens In India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Siliguri to Darjeeling Cab Siliguri to Darjeeling Taxi. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. NJP to Darjeeling Cab NJP to Darjeeling Taxi. Kolkata to Darjeeling Cab Kolkata to Darjeeling Taxi. Kashmir will be a great contributor to Indias growth amp economy Vikas Mittersainfounder of Business Group. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Jaipur to Shimla Cab Jaipur to Shimla Taxi. Jaipur to Chandigarh Cab Jaipur to Chandigarh Taxi. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Jaipur to Manali Cab Jaipur to Manali Taxi. Jaipur to Haridwar Cab Jaipur to Haridwar Taxi: [removed]. Equipment Maintenance Calibration With QMS Software: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Jaipur to Mount Abu Cab Jaipur to Mount Abu Taxi. Hyderabad to Gulbarga Cab Hyderabad to Gulbarga Taxi: [removed]. Hyderabad to Guntur Cab Hyderabad to Guntur Taxi. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Hyderabad to Kurnool Cab Hyderabad to Kurnool Taxi. Hyderabad to Srisailam Cab Hyderabad to Srisailam Taxi. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. 2 way spillter: [removed]. Indias GDP growth set to slow further to 5.7 in AprilJun quarter Nomura. 3 Top Reasons For Why We Can Expect A Big Market Crash Imminently. Power Transformer Manufacturers in Ghaziabad. Top 20 Current Transformer Manufacturers in Ghaziabad11Kv Transformer. First Vacation with Your Baby 7 Tips That Moms Cant Do Without. Drop in demand may force Parle to lay off up to 10000 employees.. 5 Rakhi Gift Ideas for Your Sister That Will Make Her Love You to the Core. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. CG Power reports massive fraud. Mukesh Ambanis 4 Billion Investment Hurt By Glut In Natural Gas. Visualisation of Swiggy orders and setting budgets: Hey folks I published a chrome Extension for Swiggy users to explore cuisines while staying under budget Its available here [https//chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/swiggycompanion/apdhbfmejmbogkflcnmdohmcclkibnbh]https//chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/swiggycompanion/apdhbfmejmbogkflcnmdohmcclkibnbh and I also wrote about it here [https//medium.com/DivyaGupta26/howiexploredcuisineswhilestayingunderbudget8c3261577ea8]https//medium.com/DivyaGupta26/howiexploredcuisineswhilestayingunderbudget8c3261577ea8 The extension gives you a visualisation of your orders and lets you set weekly budgets for expenses in Swiggy. [\explore]https//twitter.com/hashtag/exploresrchashtagclick [\swiggy]https//twitter.com/hashtag/swiggysrchashtagclick [\budget]https//twitter.com/hashtag/budgetsrchashtagclick [\expenses]https//twitter.com/hashtag/expensessrchashtagclick [\cuisine]https//twitter.com/hashtag/cuisinesrchashtagclick ampx200B [divyagupta.dev]https//divyagupta.dev. ICICI Bank moves to revamp its office culture discards cabins some grades.. DBS Bank to enter Indias credit card market next year. Fingertip Access to Detailed Reporting: [removed]. Club Mahindra Membership Fees Review Opinion amp Recommendation How its not my biggest Financial Mistake. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. IVF Clinics in Chandigarh. Top 20 IVF Treatment in Chandigarh Specialist Infertility Treatment. Why Indian ethnic fashion for women is popular across the globe. State Bank of India Plans to Eliminate Debit Cards From Banking System. IVF Centers in Chandigarh. Top 20 IVF Centers in Chandigarh Male/Female Infertility Treatment. We are looking to work with more India business. Contact us on site. CONSOLHUB Get your online quotes for consolidated LCL to and from India at Consolhub. Any Indian business owners feel free to contact for promotional branding service. Reliance awards Worley a PMC services contract: INTECSEA Inc a whollyowned subsidiary of Worley has been awarded a project management consultancy PMC contract by Reliance Industries Limited Reliance for the MJ Field deepwater gas and condensate project. For more information [click here]https//oges.info/library/165982/RelianceawardsWorleyaPMCservicescontract https//i.redd.it/v2450yhh7eh31.png. Quality Management Systems Compliance and Productivity Solutions.. https//www.akareglobal.com/paintingcontractorschennai.php. https//www.akareglobal.com/interiordesignerschennai.php. Markets Soar BSE Rises Over 200 Points Nifty Nears 11100 Impact News India. 1 year 5 months later its 200 less.. Notebook bought in some handicrafts shop Pondicherry. Fiscal goals threatened by evasion as demand wanes. Indias resilient budget carriers pressure Air India. Make in India is yet to create enough jobs says LampT chairman. Zomato Gold has run into trouble. Looking for an indian company that had issues in asia: [removed]. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Over 4 lakh unsold flats across 9 cities in affordable segment. Best Web development Company in Amritsar. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Where is unemployment. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. How Rati Batra Founder Of YourHR Helping Startups SME Corporates In Building A Professional Employees Team Inventiva. A Twitter thread on the worsening condition of broadband services and Jio Fiber. Anyone knows/follows Dr. Vivek Bindra Motivational Speaker: While looking for some entrepreneurship related videos I just came across one of his videos on Dubai [here]https//www.youtube.com/watchvSxITOCRLIdQ and was truly amazed. Initially I thought because of the content. But all of his videos have such enormous viewership. If anyone follows him/his videos I want to know how legit it is cuz he promotes his business also a lot on the videos Are there any other such blogs/channels that talk about business entrepreneurship related stuff and are worth following. Here is something i think we all need a summarised idea about. QMS Documentation Solutions: [removed]. How Gautam Adani could keep three countries hooked on coal for decades: How one billionaire could keep three countries hooked on coal for decades https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/indlgoods/svs/metalsmining/howonebillionairecouldkeepthreecountrieshookedoncoalfordecades/articleshow/70711634.cms. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Woolworths Honours Pratibha Syntex With Supplier Excellence Award. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Top 5 Signs Showing You Are in Bad/Trouble Financially. Zomato says open to resolving issues with restaurants stung by deep discounting. ONGC lines up Rs 83000 crore investment for 25 new oil gas projects. There is no slowdown in Amul going ahead with 100 butter cookies RS Sodhi.. Ponzi scam ED attaches 300 crore assets of Telangana group. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. The equipment master module can manage any piece of equipment quickly and easily.: [removed]. Everyone wants to be an Entrepreneur: [removed]. Best mobile app development in Mumbai. Best web designing company in Mumbai: Zappkode solutions is on of the best web designing company in Mumbai. Zappkode Solutions is having a vast experience in designing and development of user friendly and eyecatching websites. We develop attractive and appealing websites that develop higher user engagement more advanced conversions and measurable results by integrating expertise technology and creativity.. Top SEO Company Amritsar SEO Experts. How rock white shirt 6 stylish ways Linen Club: [removed]. How Mukesh Ambani is grooming his children to take over his 50 billion empire. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Do banks have to honor chequs if the balance goes below minimum balance: Got into an argument with a friend who said a bank shouldnt or wouldnt honor a check if the balance in the account encroaches upon the minimum balance. Is that true AFAIK its the customers money and bank can only charge penalties but not dishonor cheques.. India 1 Rated website for Discount International Flights and Airfares for July 2019. So.....economy is tanking thus i decided to give people some idea about pros and cons of major investments instrument. language is lucid so common folks can understand. no need to subscribe i make videos when i want to.. Nice to see Bitcoin in Hindi press . Latest Fancy Sana Silk Saree With Price Rs 750 Wedding Party w.... Destination Specialist kind of questions: [removed]. Happy Independence Day PegaLogics. Freelancers of r/India ... what can my startup help solve for you: [removed]. The Reserve Bank of India RBI vs. Internet and Mobile Association of India IAMAI No country has found cryptocurrencies to be harmful countries are moving to regulate the industry rather than banning it. Carry bets may go awry as rupee becomes Asias worst performer. Meet the 21yearold set to be Indias first men to found a platform that makes everyday feedback for individuals a reality.. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Top 20 Placement Consultants in Chandigarh Free Consultancy. Auto Sales Take A Huge Hit Sharpest Decline In 19 Years Drops 18.71 Percent. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. The equipment master module can manage any piece of equipment quickly and easily.: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Gender pay gap high in India Men get paid Rs 242 every hour women earn Rs 46 less [March 7 2019]. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. When Pitching Investors Your Product Doesnt Matter as Much as You Think Inventiva: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Auto industry woes pile up sales in July the worst in nearly 19 years. Startups A Boon Or Curse to the Indian Economy Inventiva: [removed]. Saudi Aramco has struck a 15 billion deal with Asias richest man for a stake in the worlds biggest refinery Markets Insider. Looking for a web designer and Shopify Dev for contract work: [removed]. Multispeciality hospital Best diabetes hospital in LB Nagar Evya Hospitals: [removed]. Eros International Sees 54.87 Percent Fall In Quarter 1 To Rs 27.05 Crore. Multispeciality hospital Best diabetes hospital in LB Nagar Evya Hospitals. Training Management With QMS System Software: [removed]. Acing Your Monsoon Attire Linen Club: [removed]. Bank Po Institute Franchise in Jalandhar. Ssc Coaching Institute Franchise in Jalandhar. 5 Reasons Why Wear Safety Helmet. Competitive Exam Coaching Franchise PBI Institute Franchise in India. Removing the word CHEAP: [removed]. Posing as pilot conman dupes woman of Rs 7.5L.  . Biggest Foreign Investment In Reliance History Mukesh Ambani On New Deal. Customize Your Corrective Actions With Full Root Cause Analysis.: [removed]. Welspun Flooring Launches Its Welspun Gateway Store In Jaipur. List of best Acer Laptop Dealers in Delhi Acer Repair Delhi. List of best Acer Computer Repair center in Delhi Acer Repair Delhi. List of best Acer Laptop Service center in Delhi Acer Repair Delhi. Understanding Paytms growth post demonetization. Packers And Movers For Household Item in Chandigarh. Packers and Movers Chandigarh in Chandigarh. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Chandigarh Relocation Services. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. List of best Acer Service center in Delhi Acer Repair Delhi. Reliance AGM 2019 LIVE Mukesh Ambani Announces Jio Fiber Launch JioMicrosoft Cloud Partnership and 75 Billion Deal With Saudi Aramco. Orthodontist Best Dentist in Hyderabad Braces Specialist Best Dental Clinic Banjarahills vistadent: [removed]. Godrej No1 Best natural Beauty Soap Brand in India. 10 Websites to Make Money Online in India: [removed]. How BharatPe Is Using UPI To Solve The SME Credit Crunch Payments For Merchants. IT wrap Futurereadiness key for information technology companies. amazon best sale. NRE/NRI accounts: If my understanding is correct if Im depositing money into an NRE account then if my defendants in India wont be paying tax on this money. Is that correct Is there anything else I need to be aware of with regards to NRE/NRI accounts. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Best Web development Company in Amritsar. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. My Dads 90s Citibank Card: ampx200B [Not sure if this is a Credit Card or an ATM card. ]https//i.redd.it/ok2btxlsyrf31.jpg. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Best budget smartphone 2019 in india. Home buyers can start bankruptcy cases against errant builders. Need an expert pharmscologist: I am need of an expert pharmacologist for my company based in Patna Bihar. Salary is around 50k. Please show some interest if you think youre the likely candidate.. Anybody tried in dignity yet. Customize Your Corrective Actions With Full Root Cause Analysis: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Best Web development Company in Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. No business with Chinese tech giant Huawei Trump. Nirmala Sitharaman Insists There Is Synergy Between Government And RBI Regarding Economy. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Former Navy SEAL Commanders Say New Leaders Always Make the Same 2 Mistakes. Forex reserves by USD 697 mn due to fall in currency assets. Tussar Silk Saree With price Rs 750 Tirumala Tech. Gold slips Rs 140 still above Rs 38000mark. Sensex jumps 255 pts Nifty tops 11100. List of top IELTS Coaching in Chandigarh Coaching Institutes. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Easily Manage Multiple Users amp Set Access Levels: [removed]. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Trend Eve Indian ECommerce Company Started Affiliate Maketing. Freedom Sale Day Deals across Home Kitchen Mobiles Laptops and other categories of products Sale Thread:  [https//www.joindouble.com/dailyspecialdeals/]https//www.joindouble.com/dailyspecialdeals/ ampx200B Folks post any good offers that you come across. Car Transportation Services in Mohali. Home Relocation Services in Mohali. Step by Step guide for writing amazing blogs as beginners: [removed]. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Mohali Safe Packers an Movers. Top 20 Packing Services in Mohali Packers and movers Near You Grotal. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Mohali Relocation Services Mohali. HR department humanresources department: [removed]. Best Facial Services in Visakhapatnam: [removed]. Bridal makeup services in Hyderabad: [removed]. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Rupee rises 22 paise to 70.47 against USD in early trade. Sensex rises over 250 pts Nifty above 11100. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. From unicorns to decacorns. Companies with over 1 billion valuation like Ola OYO Hotels amp Homes BYJUs and Swiggy could enter the 10 billion valuation club. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Online pharmacies to become legal soon buyers will just need image of prescription ThePrint. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Founders Day Celebrated on 2nd August 2019. More women are making to the top of tech firms. Heres why. Core elements of the global banking industry are moving to India. Query regarding Merch By Amazon in India.: Ill get right into it Do I need to register for GST if I sell designs through Merch by Amazon I believe Merch by amazon is different than directly selling on Amazon. I currently sell designs through Teepublic and I get paid through Paypal Monthly earnings are around 8k inr I dont require GST for that because I dont know techinally I work for Teepublic I am not sure about the laws and such. Please help.. 6 Electric Bikes That Are Leading India Towards Green amp Clean Drive Despite the domination of fossilfuel Indian startups are gearing up to launch electric bikes and build a clean environment. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Tiffin Home Delivery in Chandigarh. Relieve Personnel of up to 90 of Clerical Tasks: [removed]. Tiffin Service Providers in Chandigarh. Tiffin Services in Chandigarh Sector 21 22 34A 35 35B 70 32. Generic Medicines Products Manufactured by Pharmasynth: [removed]. Full Color Offset Printing Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. GST Experts in Jaipur. Current Sales/Discount on Amazon India.: [removed]. Top 20 GST Registration Services in Jaipur Meet GST Consultants. Top 20 GST Registration Consultants in Jaipur Online GST Registration. IT MSP Business Development for Indian IT/Tech Companies to Expand into Canada: [removed]. New Website in just 5999 at web development company. India spends 282 million dollars USD PER DAY on oil imports if we switch to electric cars we can save 282 million dollars per day wow: In most cases there is an opportunity cost when we replace one thing for the other. In this case the electricity cost will only be a fraction of the money that we spend on oil. It is because India has 92445 million tonnes of coal 4th highest in the world all this coal is sitting unused because there is no demand for coal abroad. We also have uranium and nuclear energy which is even cheaper and better. The numbers 282 million USD and 92445 million tonnes of coal blew my mind away so I just wanted to share I know know there are so many challenges which are highlighted every time there is a news about government pushing electric vehicles.. RBI Governor Terms Steeper 0.35 Repo Rate Cut As Balanced Call. Worst Downturn Ever For Indian Auto Industry 350000 LayOffs Report. An Indian market run by 4000 women. Reduce Audit Prep Time To Less Then 1 Hour: [removed]. NEFT Money Transfer NEFT News 24Hour Fund Transfers To Be Allowed Via Payment System NEFT From December. Odisha CM launches 22 projects worth Rs 4461 crore. 2D / 3D Animation Training 3D Animation Institute 3D Animation Course. Always Inquire Nothing Confirmed Why Continue Business to Business Model: [removed]. Transfer funds via NEFT 24X7 from December 2019. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top Rated Web design and SEO Company in Amritsar amp Chandigarh. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine: [removed]. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA brand. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Ashbury College Canada Degrees in Business IT Economics Liberal Arts amp Sciences: Ashbury College Canada is accepting Fall 2019 applications classes begin on September 6 2019. IELTS results required with admission application. Email admissionsashburycollege.com Phone 12892032083 Ashbury College Canada Degree Programs in Business IT Economics Liberal Arts amp Sciences. Anyone know who want to retire in Texas US. Walmart is offering free streaming video in India to fend off Amazon. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Gold slips from alltime high level fall Rs 163. Sensex rebounds 277 pts bank auto stocks rally. Easily Manage Multiple Users amp Set Access Levels: [removed]. Psychological Counseling in Chandigarh Book Appointment now. Always Inquire Nothing Confirmed Why Continue Business to Business Model Do READ. Steel Bars Sheets Pipes Plates and Cement Dealers in Bangalore Ksteel. Advocates for Investments in India Best Lawyers 9994287060. Traditional Art Ladies Dress Skirt Back Textile Design 2645. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Best Deals on Full Body Massage in Mohali Body Massage Centers. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Time to go on a cruise. Jeff Bezoss Amazon share sale higher than previously thought. Rupee suffers biggest fall in six years against US dollar 5 points. Flipkart set to take on Amazon with free video streaming service. GIVEAWAYFill out this really short poll about digital marketing Link below and WIN a chance to get FREE digital marketing services for a month. Limited time offer.. Flying to India in a month to buy property in Jammu amp Kashmir union terrirory. Best Apps for instant cash loan online in India: If youre salaried or have a stable monthly income and want to apply for an online loan then these apps will come in handy. Less paperwork instant verification and quick disbursal along. 100 online process. Unlike banks the processing takes incredibly less time. Complete the steps upload the required documents and get instant approval and same day disbursal. Apply for a personal loan salary advance or instant cash loan with these [Top 6 Money lending Apps for Online Loan in India]https//hostinganddomain.in/top6moneylendingappsforonlineloaninindia/ Why borrow money from your friends and relatives and go through the embarrassment Urgent cash crunch and 7 days until your payday One solution for all your financial needs. Borrow as little as Rs 3000 all the way up to Rs 5 lakhs. . Top 6 Money Lending Apps for Online Loan in India. How to Buy Gold via Google Pay: [removed]. Rupee suffers biggest slump in 6 yrs closes at 4mth low of 70.73 on yuan shock. Indian IT Trade Body Pleads With Government to Not Ban or Criminalize Cryptocurrency. Patanjali Urban Sales Shrink Rural Growth Down to a Third.. Hit your mark with the help of us.. List of Best IVF Treatments centers in Amritsar High Success Rate.. The Event Center Dashboard is where your quality system comes to life.: [removed]. SAFETAP SAFETY SHOE A DIFFERENCE YOU CAN FEEL IN YOUR SOLE. CDS Online Coaching in Dehradun. CDS Coaching Institutes in Dehradun. List of best Modular Kitchen Dealers in Chandigarh Modular Kitchen Design. CDS Exam Coaching in Dehradun. Best CDS coaching institute in Dehradun with contact details Grotal. Search all Craigslist remote jobs in all cities. Bill Gates regains secondrichest spot while Mukesh Ambani slips to 18th place in world rich list. Bill Gates regains secondrichest spot while Mukesh Ambani slips to 18th place in world rich list. I am a compassionate capitalist: [removed]. Amazon Freedom Sale 2019August 08 to 11 Discussion Thread: Amazon Freedom Sale is just around the corner. NDTV reported that there will be huge deals and offers on Mobiles Laptops Wearable and everything else you can expect. Folks you can share attractive offers from Amazon here.. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Employer Employee Mindsets Do Read. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering works. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Amazon Freedom Sale 2019 Begins August 8 Huge Offers on Mobile Laptops and Others. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Amazon Freedom Sale 2019 Thread 8 11 August: Ecommerce giant Amazon India announced Freedom Sale 2019 Stars August 8 and Ends August 11 to be part of Indias 73rd Independence Celebration. There will be huge price cut upto 60 on products from Several categories including mobiles laptops wearable and everything else you may expect. You may post products on offers here.. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Amazing CMS for cheap Easy money: [removed]. Latest New Arrivals Tussar Silk Sarees With price Rs 800 Tirum.... AUDIT MANAGEMENT With Quality Management System Software.: [removed]. Caf Coffee Day Shares Take A Hit Plunge 48 Percent In Four Days. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Digital Marketing Course in Guwahati Assam NEXOP ACADEMY. Fashion Archives Oliver Sales Corp.. Airtel to shut down 3G network across India by March.. Amazon to expand its fulfilment centre in Telangana create hundreds of jobs.. Ease your approved supplier and vendor management with evaluations and rating history: [removed]. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Indeed India launches special hiring solutions for small medium businesses. VG Siddharthas total debt may have touched Rs 11000 crore. See graphics. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. The Cost of Lost Opportunity. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Khoya Making Business A Hidden Profitable Business in India Or Any Other Country: [removed]. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Khoya Making Business A Hidden Profitable Business in India Or Any Other Country:  80 Khoya Making Business gt gt gt gt 1 gt 5 Quality Quantity Idea Quality Quality 1 8 400 500 6 300 50 60 40 50 450 55 1010 50 100 120 150 stainless 150 40000 95000 convenient 150 1 300 150 45 N.K. Dairy Equipments \ 09355013913 Aggarwal Dairy Equipment Co. \ 9814207938 Krishna Allied Industries \ 91 22 4220 3800 99 100 Lines 5 10 20 . High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Breakfast Cereals in India: There have been multiple players trying to enter the Healthy Breakfast Cereal market in India. I know of Baggrys but what other players are making inroads What is the size of Muesli based Breakfast cereals in India. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Friday flashback When VG Siddhartha was ready to sell his house wifes jewellery to build CCD.. IBM fired 100000 older employees to look Cool. Neha behani. How to import Juul pods to India: [removed]. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code clarification: Can someone on here answer a specific question with regards to the IBC changes that were introduced in 2016. Hypothetical example I am a founder of a well known IT company in India which is staring down the bankruptcy barrel. My company is a publicly listed company.Would I as a founder be held personally liable for any outstanding debt owed by the company Bankruptcy laws in other capitalist countries make it clear that under normal circumstances the founder CANNOT BE held liable for any company related debt. Does the same apply as per the IBC code If so could someone please share official links Thanks. Any hacks to read ET Prime articles for free: The ET Prime articles look to have more insights. Is there a trial version or better a free version. Why Flora Fountain Must be Your 1st Choice to Live Your Dream Life. GST Compliance Services GST News Updates amp Services Online in India: [removed]. TaxTerror in India.... RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Airtel posts huge loss: Airtel posts Q1 net loss of 2866 crore first quarterly loss in 16 years. https//www.livemint.com/companies/companyresults/airtelpostsq1netlossofrs2866crorefirstquarterlylossin16years1564659023335.html. Airtel posts huge loss: Airtel posts Q1 net loss of 2866 crore first quarterly loss in 16 years. https//www.livemint.com/companies/companyresults/airtelpostsq1netlossofrs2866crorefirstquarterlylossin16years1564659023335.html. Full Color Offset Printing Amritsar. Maruti Suzuki Sales Take A Hit Dips 33 Percent Of Total July Sales At 109 264 Units. Party wear Fancy wedding Sana Silk Rs 750 Online shopping Sa.... Bolo Find your perfect Career Mentor. Google Pay adds notifications and SMS alerts to reduce scams in India.. Bolo The Video QampA App. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. As NBFC crisis deepens chiefs jump ship to banks fintech Report. Gold prices fall sharply today silver rates see big decline. Worst July for Nifty in 17 years Only 5 stocks gave positive returns. Mukesh Ambani firm beaten by Kishore Biyani co in this top 100 list Jack Mas Alibaba leads the pack. Reliance Industries Amazon may shop for stake in Reliance Retail. Maruti Suzuki July sales crash 34 to twoyear low. What is GST. Deductions of Section 80C 80CCC 80CCD amp 80D: [removed]. Your 1 Quality Management System Compliance and Productivity Solution: [removed]. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. List of top Protein Supplements in Chandigarh Protein Powder. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Sri Lanka Travel News. Trouble brews at coffee retailer Siddhartha had personal debt of more than Rs 1000 crore.. Indian Domestic Remittance Retail Business: Hello there Im here to explain to you how the Indian domestic remittance business works in India. I had a retail shop in Mumbai Where we used should charge a certain fee to transfer an X amount of money from people to their friends and families bank accounts. How does it work and what you need to have to start it An Outlet/Shop \[Owned Preferred\]\[Can be started with Rental outlets but can have issues at some point\] Principal amount to Invest in the balance/holding A Good Computer amp Mobile A Stable Internet Broadband connection Now lets talk about providers There are banking kiosks like SBI Bank of Baroda Bank of India and Andhra Bank These offer you Money remittance Jan Dhan account opening Passbook updates and some other features. When I opted to get a license for it the primary points where that the property was to be owned by the applicant and no other kiosk of the same bank should be available in a radius of 1KM. The Commission or the payout was issue to us in a monthend calculation basis WhiteLabel Dealers Vendors Like Eko India Payworld Oxygen and many more. They have api integration with Banks like Yes Bank amp RBL amp SBI and few others for remittance and other services like BBPS for recharge/bill payments and connections to TravelYatri IRCTC and some others for RAIL/BUS/Air ticket booking service. Commissions are adjusted instantly keeping the transaction seamless for you How to maintain the balance RTGS/IMPS/NEFT/Machine Deposit/Cash Deposit You as a retailer can deal directly with the company by depositing your cash to the companies account via the listed method Removes the distributors commission for you giving you more commission but time consuming or liability as you would need to either go your self to the bank at the end of the day with your money or trust someone with your money to deposit it for you Having a distributor These companies have local distributors who collect the cash from your outlet and deposit to the companies account daily morning before the bank closes. But they will charge you an x for this service. The issue here is that the guys collect the money from the whole market Go to the bank and deposit the money. They get the money transferred by the company into their account and then they individually allocate the balance to the retailers can take some time so better keep some amount in balance to start the day with Talking about the commission and the charges a retailer can take and the profit Generally people come with thousands of money to transfer to their friends and family. Your target audience would be generally the working labors or a person who is in a hurry and has no time to visit the bank How does it work Labor walks down to your outlet with 25000/ RS to transfer to his mother. ampx200B SlabCharge to take from customer 1/ gt 5000/15Rs per thousand upto 5k 5001/ to 10000/100/ Rs Fixed 10001/ to 15000/150/ RS Fixed 15001/ to 20000200/ Rs Fixed 20001/ to 25000250/ Rs Fixed So here I would take 250 Rs from him Keeping my deal with the company in mind I will have to pay the company 50Rs per 10k as a service charge so the total would be 125/ profit and payment charge to the company. Companies can take upto 5060 of the service charge which you are taking from the customer. Plus area wise it also depends on how the market has been set by the other retailers. Now talking about the risk Indian banking system can suck sometimes. So if there is a heavy load on the servers So if the money just gets stuck due to API failure It can take upto 721 Days for the money to be brought back to you. No Free account checking method People tend to give wrong account numbers while hearing the numbers from their families on the phone and if you transfer the money and if its a valid account number of some other person. It will be credit to his/her account. IMPS Enabled banks do allow a checking feature where you can send a demo deposit of 1rs Service charge to the account holder and gain the bank info generally works but can fail at times NEFT transfers like Gramin bank Shakahs are totally at your own risk If its valid it will go without any checks Dealing with someone elses money Above two scenarios can be very vital in this business as you are dealing with someone elses money. Double triple check the account numbers with the customer before initiating the transfer. Money can be returned back from other peoples bank but requires a very tedious followup and documentation but till then your client wont be standing still he will shout complain and maybe even fight for his own mistake Profits are there No Doubt but risks are also there So here was a general idea of the Indian Domestic remittance business scenario. Written By me Varun B. Account Handler PanchamsKitchen. If you do use this context anywhere dont forget to tag this post for the original author. Regards. How CCD owner VG Siddharthas fate is an insight into the deep crisis in Indian economy. A major crisis may be brewing for Indian banks.. List of top 100 Bulk SMS Service Providers in Lucknow SMS marketing. List of best English Speaking Courses in Mohali Grotal.com. List of top Institutes for NDA Coaching in Dehradun with fees and details. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. List of best Body Massage Centers in Chandigarh Massage Palors. A Man Cancels Order Over NonHindu Rider. Here is What Zomato Responded to the Guy: [removed]. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Owner of Indias largest coffee chain found dead. Ambani readies billiondollar war chest to take Jio to next level.. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. List of best Lenovo Laptop Service Center in Bangalore lenovo repair. List of top SSC Coaching classes in Chandigarh Institutes. Manage all aspects of your suppliers more easily than you ever imagined.: [removed]. List of top IAS Coaching in Noida IAS Academy. List of Top Banquet halls in Bangalore Wedding Venues. List of best Godrej Service Center in Delhi Godrej Repair Center. List of best Marriage Halls in Delhi Banquets Halls. Airtel VodafoneIdea to be limited in 5G auction Fitch. Coffee Day Owner VG Siddhartha Real Life Story Siddhartha Biography Cafe coffee day success story jayamedia. More Bad News for Startups and Small Business Comrad Finance Minister wants you to start a Business only when you have a Physical Address:  [https//twitter.com/nsitharamanoffc/status/1156209009470386176]https//twitter.com/nsitharamanoffc/status/1156209009470386176 BC Landlord Nonveg khane nhi deta FM expects that he will keep a record of the company have it audited every 45 days and have three new forms per month to be filed. This just after the Founder Selfie at Registered Office Stupidity. This is just forcing Tech firms to move to Estonia/Singapore every single day.. New Design Fancy wedding Cotton Silk Rs 900 Online shopping .... Travel Trade Folk. Vijay Mallya Shocked By V G Siddharthas Death Slams Government In His Tweets. Tragic End Cafe Coffee Day Founder V G Siddhartha Dead Body Found. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Nickel and Copper Mines In India: Where are vast reserves of nickel located in India...something largely unexplored. Is there any esource I can read on this ampx200B Thanks. VG Siddhartha The last straw The two top reasons that mayve driven Siddhartha to take the extreme step. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. IVF Centers in Chandigarh. Infertility Treatment in Chandigarh. Most Common Mistakes While Investing in Tax Saving Products. Party wear Fancy wedding Tussar Silk price Rs 800 Online sho.... Female Infertility Treatment in Chandigarh. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Top 20 IVF Treatment in Chandigarh Specialist Infertility Treatment. Voting Pads on Hire in Mumbai Voting Pad dealers. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Former Reserve Bank of India Governor and renowned economist Subir Gokarn passed away on July 30.. Body of Cafe Coffee Day founder VG Siddhartha recovered from Nethravathi river. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Competitive Exam Coaching Institute Franchise in Amritsar. Coaching Institute Franchise in Amritsar. DLFs net debt down 35 pc to Rs 3416 cr. PBI Institute Franchise in Amritsar Bank PO/ SSC Coaching Franchise. Top 20 Full Body Massage Centers in Udaipur Massage Parlor. Customer Successes: [removed]. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Designer Dori Silk Sarees Tussar Latest Collection With Price .... In last letter to CCD board Siddhartha blamed lenders tax authorities Business Standard. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Caf Coffee Day CMD VG Siddhartha Missing Shares Tank 20 NewsClick. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. CCD founders letter to team Sad state of entrepreneurship in India: [removed]. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Seeking for Guidance and Assistance in Bangalore. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Cafe Coffee Day Founder VG Siddhartha Mysteriously Disappears Search On. Reliance Jio to get costlier soon Heres why Mukesh Ambani may raise telecom tariffs.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Ambani IOCs Sanjiv Singh ONGCs Shashi Shanker in list of worlds top CEOs: [removed]. Plea challenging confiscation of properties by Vijay Mallya to be heard on Friday Top Lawyers in Chennai high court Legal Services Law firm. IOC Adani to invest Rs 9600 cr in city gas projects: [http//ogespulse.com/]http//ogespulse.com/. SBI reduces interest rate on fixed deposits across all maturities. Letter to the Board of CCD by V G Siddhartha. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Ive failed sorry to let you all down Siddharthas last letter found.. CCD founder VG Siddhartha looks to have committed suicide. Heres the note he left.. Pfizer Agreed To Merge Its OffPatent Drugs Business With Mylan. Virtual Stock Trading App for Indian Users: [removed]. Today Is JRD Tatas Birth Anniversary. TataGroup Tata jrdtata amul advertising MarketingMaverick. Cosmetic Clinic in Ahmedabad. Top 20 AutoCAD Training Institutes in Chandigarh. Audit Management With QMS System Software: [removed]. Top 10 Pharmaceutical Manufacturers in Chandigarh Pharma Companies. Flipkart opens its first furniture experience centre in Bengaluru. We Are Swamped How a Global Trash Glut Hurt a 25 Billion Industry. Herbal Products. Simple Trick for Hoteliers. We Are Swamped How a Global Trash Glut Hurt a 25 Billion Industry. Is India the answer to Netflixs troubles. How Has Chandigarhs Entrepreneurial Ecosystem Grown Over Years. Indian tourist slap Indonesian immigration officer in Bali..... Kondapalli Toys. How a wave of Chinese money is powering Indian startups. Payment banks ask RBI to relax deposit cap. Kamal Naths nephew moves court seeking anticipatory bail VVIP chopper scam. As rural India develops taste for chocolate a dominant Mondelez extends its reach.. I did not know that Mukesh Ambani is so rich he is in a very exclusive club of billionaires.. Financial Markets Top 5 Things to Watch This Week. In 3 years banks collect 10000cr fine for not maintaining minimum balance.. Four of the top five smartphone brands sold in India are Chinese. Really Cheap Traffic Store. CBC Test cost me 700 Rs. . My Startup Learnings. Its Chinas World Chinese companies account for 129 and US companies account for 121 of top 500. As WhatsApp crosses 400 million subscribers a revolution is in the making. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. NBFC/HFC lending to real estate players down 48 per cent in FY19 at Rs 27000 cr. A Complete Training solution that integrates with your document management system: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Top Website Designing Company in Amritsar Freelance Website Designer Amritsar: [removed]. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Why are banks obsessed with opening salary accounts for you: In both jobs that Ive had in India some HR guy and some bank representative have tried to wear me down about opening a salary account with them some pitch about how it only takes a minute to open one because technology. I dont want that pitch about how cool the technology is Just cuz that technology is so fast I dont want to open a new account in a bank I dont use regularly to begin with. Is it really that inconvenient for HR to use my existing accounts banking information Or is this just some marketing bullshit Plz enlighten thx in advance . Paytm flight Voucher for SALE for Rupee 666: [removed]. Important Points to Check for NRIs Looking for Flats in Kolkata. Tata Motors Q1 loss at Rs 3680 crore revenue dips 8 JLR disappoints. 5 small business ideas in India: [removed]. Managing Faults amp Crrective Actions With Quality Management System Software: [removed]. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Remove Facebook page in India. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. No Relief For Nirav Modi UK Court Rejects Bail To Stay In Jail Till August 22. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Maldives Glow in the dark. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. List of best Bulk Email Services in Lucknow Bulk SMS Services. If the automobile market is so down why are we not getting heavy discounts: Can someone explain in simple terms the economics behind this. List of best Bulk SMS Marketing in Lucknow Bulk SMS Services. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. List of best Bulk SMS Service Providers in Lucknow Bulk SMS Marketing. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. List of best Bulk SMS Service Providers in Lucknow Bulk SMS Marketing. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. The Japanese are coming Indias Detroit of Asia feels the force of foreign cash. Favorite Indian investors: [removed]. Patanjali gets control of Ruchi Soya for Rs 4350 crore. Deadline to file income tax return for FY201819 extended to August 31. OET Coaching Centers in Amritsar. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Managing Faults Corrective actions with QMS Software. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Cheap Travel Trade. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Slowdown signs all around but HDFCs top boss says dont worry. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Hyderabad Grotal. How did you convince your parents to agree to a love marriage919888520774. How did you convince your parents to agree to a love marriage 919888520774. Drop shipping: Anyone whos doing drop shipping wants to share their thoughts about it Whats your niche How much time do you devote to it Sales Scope. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. Amrapali Diverted Homebuyers Money To MS Dhonis Wife Sakshis Company Auditors Tell Supreme Court.. How Sequoia became Indias biggest venture capital firm Forbes India. Keep track of all your employees their unique skills job descriptions and training requirements: [removed]. Adani EnterprisesMining Recognized Amongst Top 50 Great MidSize Workplaces In India. Indian indices continue tumbling: [removed]. PTE Institutes in Chandigarh. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Top 5 Body Massage Centers in Chandigarh Unisex Parlours. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Pte Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh. PTE Coaching Centers in Chandigarh. Sales Questions. Top Rated Web design and SEO Company in Amritsar amp Chandigarh. Trademark Consultants in Dehradun. What the Mauritius Leaks on MNCs avoiding Indian taxes show. Indian Government Recommends Ban on Bitcoin Coin News Asia. online job: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. What is the benefit of ISO certification: [removed]. Best Freelance Graphic Designer Amritsar. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Indias foreign reserve is now far bigger than Pakistans GDP. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Now Filling the GST is Easy with Spines Software: [removed]. List of best Party Halls in Delhi Wedding Venues. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Big Win For Indian Banks UK Court Grants Order Seeking Details Of Vijay Mallyas Assets. Livekeeping Application View and Update Tally Data from your phone. Meetings. List of best Banquet Halls in Delhi Wedding Venues. List of best Wedding Halls in Delhi Wedding Venues. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. List of best Marriage Halls in Delhi Wedding Venues. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Beautiful Terracotta Statue of Surpanakha. Silent Party Headphones in Mumbai on Rent Best Price Guarantee. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Buying a home Say bye to 1090 schemes BusinessTelegraph. Guide to launch initial exchange offering. Debashis Basu on Twitter. Get access to the latest tailored online suits for all professional MEN to make you stand out from others: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Wedding venues in Chandigarh marriage palaces. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Top 20 Party Halls in Chandigarh Best Marriage Halls Grotal. RS4 Machine Manufacturer India Amritsar Ravi Engineering Works. Top 20 Wedding Halls in Chandigarh Best Marriage Halls Grotal. chartered accountants in Hyderabad Income Tax GST: [removed]. Top 20 Banquet Halls in Chandigarh Best Marriage Halls. Top 20 Banquets in Chandigarh for All Your Events at Best Price. Turmeric Paderu Turmeric. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Tulasi4 BG II 450 grams. Gadwal Sarees. Indian Government Not Jumping to Prohibit Cryptocurrencies Says Finance Minister. Amid Stake Sale Move In Air India Airline Says No To Appointments Promotions. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Pure Hand Made Terracotta Goddess Lakshmi Devi Idol . Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Cooling Terracotta Water Bottles . Homemade Tasty Sweet Potato Pickle.... Natural Herbal Shampoo Powder.... Best Web development Company in Amritsar. What a beaut this thing was. How weve fallen. Patanjali USFDA found different dietary medicinal claims on Patanjalis sharbat bottles. TOP 25 Highest Grossing Indian Movies Ever Worldwide Collection Best Of The Best. NHAI must not challenge arbitral awards against it mechanically High Court. Franchise Low Investment High Profit Franchise Business 2019. Link to my tweet. IMA Ponzi scheme Main accused remanded to Enforcement Directorate custody till Jul 23. Make Money with OLX In India. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Top Website Designing Company in Amritsar Freelance Website Designer Amritsar. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. With the US looking more tentative Germany seems pretty decent for an MBA. Aditya Birla Idea Payments Bank shuts down operations. Amazon slower than a stoned snail. Markets Crumble Investors Lose Rs 3.79 Lakh Crore In Two Days 2nd Biggest Sensex Slide This Year. Check out 10 Best OffPage SEO Strategies 2019 that work amazingly by seo expert with Digitalsteps.. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Can I use another persons PAN card for my Business Paypal account: [removed]. Can I use another persons PAN card for my Business Paypal account: [removed]. Scam : Hi Redditors Today i have got a fun experience. [https//www.professionalscouts.com/]https//www.professionalscouts.com/ Just registered in many websites to find a work... and then i got this phone call. Scam or not please give me your opinion. xD ampx200B First a nice lady talking to me about super job opportunities. Then i got to talk with a man same super friendly nice perfect English... He is telling me he can arrange an interview for me with a package at 21.5lakhs a year. Lets be honest who proposes this kind of salary without even a meeting... nobody. Obviously he is telling me that i will have a meeting soon to discuss it. Again i got to talk to the first lady who just confirmed that the previous man was nice and then i got to talk to a third person. ampx200B At that point i am super doubtful name dropping big packages too friendly people many interlocutors... Then come the funniest someone is assisting me to read their websites and... finally it comes 6000INR registration fee. ampx200B Is it really common this kind of scam I am not Indian and not much aware about this kind of stuff.... but it looks weird isnt it ampx200B For most of you it will be obvious its a scam but it could help people more genuine . Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. How to use forged steel ball valve in industrial units. Different types of Industrial valves. what would happen if income tax return gets leaked: what would happen if you sent your income tax return complete return to a wrong person or you took a print out of it and left it in a library and forgot about it it would contain your finances bank account details PAN number Aadhaar number address phone number email ID. how can it be misused and what are the chances my CA said he sent me a draft of my return but when I checked it wasnt there. So I asked him again and he said oh my bad Ive sent it now. I am just worried he might have sent it to someone else by mistake.. is the density of petrol have to be same. Why you need pressure safety valve for you unit. Announcing 2 National Bestsellers exemplifying the beauty of Delayed Gratification. Safety tips for using safety relieve value India. Why you should install pressure relief valve India for your industrial unit. Online company Registration In India: [removed]. my 1 in 10 post self promotion NSFW: [removed]. Public sector shining star NBCC finds financial irregularities in its own subsidiary. Capgemini Fired 25 employees from RPA Robotic process automation team.: Capgemini is going through some major internal changes. They had bulk hired RPA developers and last week fired 25 of them without Citing any reason. Firings were not done from one location but from all over India Location i.e Bangalore Noida. Not sure if this was a warning shots or just one time firings. If any of your friends or you are in Capgemini and not aligned to project this is the time you should be alert.. Website Design Portfolio Web Design Company Amritsar India Call IDEA ADS at 91 981 576 2315. List of top English Speaking Classes in Mohali Best Spoken English. Copyright Infringement Attorney in India Lex Protector Medium. Find The Right Coworking Space For Your Team. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Get your touch of home anywhere and everywhere: [removed]. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Book Male to Male Body Massage Service in Delhi Home Services Grotal. Body Massage Center in Delhi. Top SEO Company Amritsar SEO Experts. Heres why you need a digital cash register for your store. Top 20 Body Massage Centers in Delhi Full Body to Body MassageGrotal. Khadi Khaddar Bath Towels. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Decorative Terracotta Statue Of Radha. Tasty And Delicious Mysore pak.... Steel Bars Sheets Pipes Plates and Cement Dealers in Bangalore Ksteel. Fingertip Access to Detailed Reporting: [removed]. Bulk SMS Services In Delhi NCRIndia. Decorative Handcrafted Wood Engraved Idol of Padmanabha Swamy.... Pure Honey.... Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Spa Treatment Services: [removed]. Hand Made in India project to turn artisans into entrepreneurs. Recession in Indian Passenger Car Industry. Earn Daily 15 to prediction on football matches.join through this link. Blockchain Implementation Remains Sparse in India and AsiaPacific Region in General. Every country has its own currency and works on its own sets of principles. When Bitcoin came into this financial system it carried weight enough to disrupt all the centralized banking channels and financial institutions. What do the governments feel about this. India biggest online platform Easy to Book your Business Ads in Newspaper Radio Cinema and Digital Media at low rates.. Rana Kapoor loses 1 billion as Yes Bank shares slump 78 since August. List of top Job Placement Consultants in Mohali Top Recruitment agency. Top Rated Web design and SEO Company in Amritsar amp Chandigarh. eBay logs into Paytm Mall with 5.5 stake eyes pie of online retail. Elephant Design Terracotta Stand: [removed]. Draft bill proposes ban on cryptocurrencies in India. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Mfrs. Exporters India Ravi Engg. Works: [removed]. Quality Management Systems Compliance and Productivity Solutions.: [removed]. List of top Job Placement Agencies in Mohali Top Recruitment agency. Multicoloured Decorative Hand Crafted Wood Engraved Krishna Idol.... Inventory Management Tips No more out of stock. Designer Denim Long Top For Women..... SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Sri Lakshmi Venkateswara Banglore Iyyengars Bakery. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Best PHP Mysql Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Canada Immigration Consultants:  We are [Canadawale.com]https//Canadawale.com Immigration Consultant for Canadian Permanent Residency with our roots in Canada and India headquarter at New Delhi. We serve to Pan India market and we also act as [Overseas Education Consultant]https//www.canadawale.com/ for students for study in Canada. We also help our candidates to apply for Jobs in Canada through various Federal programs. You may reach us on under given Number to get your eligibility assessed. \919643088844 919319574975 ampx200B Processing img 524mtg7zg0b31.... Maroon amp Mustard Traditional Handloom Checkered Gadwal Wedding Silk Saree. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Homemade Tasty Chocolate Pootharekulu.... Full Color Offset Printing Amritsar. If you want a Branding Guide design standards done in two weeks for USD 300 contact me.: [removed]. Allahabad Bank reports about 688 crore fraud by SEL Manufacturing. Govt plans 7 changes in insolvency code for easier resolutions. BestInvestment The best place for get money: [removed]. Quality Management System Documentation Solutions: [removed]. SEO Live Projects Training in Amritsar. Ceramic Border Tile Bathroom Border Tiles Manufacturer amp Suppliers: [removed]. Best Freelance Graphic Designer Amritsar. Looking for an internship: [removed]. How to overcome the Disadvantages of Being a Small Business. List of best English Speaking Courses in Chandigarh English Speaking Classes. Christine Lagarde To Resign As IMF MD With Effect From September 12 Impact News India. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. List of best English Speaking Institutes in Chandigarh English Speaking Courses.. Beautiful Hand Made Terracotta Lord Sai Baba Idol. Silent Conference Equipments in Mumbai Wireless Headphones. Top Rated Web design and SEO Company in Amritsar amp Chandigarh. List of best English Speaking Classes in Chandigarh English Speaking Courses.. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Facebook moves closer to launching WhatsApp payment service in India. Salaried taxpayers beware Claiming false HRA other benefits through ITR may land you in trouble. Multiple UPI ids: Hello r/india I was wondering if it is possible to have multiple UPI ids if I have multiple bank accounts and each account has a different registered phone number to get past the daily transaction limits both in amounts and number of transactions.. Affordable education and Edtech Entrepreneurship in India Jeet Singh Selfstudy: Wanted to share a recent interview I conducted of Dehli based entrepreneur Jeet Singh. A former consultant who was on the right path a few years back Jeet made the decision to make a full time shift out of consulting to build a social enterprise focused on helping Indian students prepare for their entrance exams. It was a really inspirational discussion and one that I think should be celebrated. ampx200B [https//www.youtube.com/watchvkDUTv2W7bPU]https//www.youtube.com/watchvkDUTv2W7bPU. eMahila. Kalgudi. GST States Collection Rises To Rs 5.18 Lakh Crore In Full Financial Year 201819. Maintain amp manage inservice amp key equipment via maintenance schedules: [removed]. Technologies Every Ai amp Machine Learning Career Enthusiasts Needs To Be Aware Of: [removed]. List of best Apple Iphone Repair in Chandigarh Apple Repair. List of best Apple Repair Center in Chandigarh Apple Repair. Uday Sai Krishna Point. Social Media Ideas to Grow your Business. List of best apple service center in Chandigarh Apple Repair. Dasmesh Water Meters Flow Water Meters Oil Meters Flow Indicator Residential Water Meter Domestic Water Meters: [removed]. List of best apple authorised service center in Chandigarh Apple Repair. Remove Copyright YouTube Video in India by Lex Protector. Terracotta Lord Buddha Idol.... New cryptocurrency mine with phone: Pi is a new digital currency being developed by a group of Stanford PhDs. For a limited time you can join the beta to earn Pi and help grow the network. To join Pi follow this link https//minepi.com/jakepel03 and use my username jakepel03 as your invitation code. Pi is a new digital currency being developed by a group of Stanford PhDs. For a limited time you can join the beta to earn Pi and help grow the network. To join Pi follow this link https//minepi.com/jakepel03 and use my username jakepel03 as your invitation code.. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant: [removed]. Amaravathi Ghee. Enforcement Directorate ED moves Delhi court seeking bail cancellation of Rajiv Saxena in Chopper case. A good free ebook app for children: [removed]. Unicorn India Ventures launches a Rs 400 crore fund Inventiva. Bigbasket auto renewing bb star membership which is a paid service without customer authorization. Is this legal. There is no way to cancel auto renew or cancel membership through app. Bonus Their customer support charges 1Rs/min for call. Blogger Webside Create. India crypto founders were arrested for launching a Bitcoin ATM. Heres why BTC ATMs could actually be a problem. Leaving India a big mistake will return in 24 hours says IMA Ponzi Scam main accused Mansoor Khan:  [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/imaponziscammansoorkhan156946120190715]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/imaponziscammansoorkhan156946120190715. Blue Agate Necklace with Pearl Drop Pendant.... Terracotta Earthen Clay Coffee Mug.... Terracotta Earthen Clay Coffee Mug.... Gadwal silk sarees.... Best Dentist in Hyderabad Braces Specialist Orthodontist: Now get a beautiful smile with braces Specialist in Hyderabad. If your teeth are misaligned and you are scared to put on ugly wired braces then meet experts of Vistadent where you will get multiple options to align your teeth and get the most charming smile ever. Our Best Dentist in Hyderabad serve you with multiple options of braces which doesnt give that ugly appearance but align your teeth effectively. for more info visit our website [http//vistadent.net]http//vistadent.net/ \Best\Dentist\in\Hyderabad \Braces\Specialist Orthodontist. Gadwal silk sarees.... Top Wireless Audio Guide Systems on Rent in Mumbai. CUSTOMER MANAGEMENT WITH QMS SYSTEMS SOFTWARE. Red amp Green Traditional Handloom Heavy Gadwal Wedding Silk Saree With Zari Buttis. Red amp Green Traditional Handloom Heavy Gadwal Wedding Silk Saree With Zari Buttis. Negotiable Instrument may render Void if Different Inks Used. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. 5 Mistakes You Should Avoid While Choosing A POS System. OET Test Coaching in Ludhiana. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Top 20 OET Coaching Centers in Ludhiana OET English Courses. List of top IELTS Coaching in Mohali Fee and course details.. List of top IELTS Coaching Classes in Mohali Fee and course details.. Best Web development Company in Amritsar. List of top IELTS coaching Institute in Mohali Fee and course details.. List of top IELTS coaching centers in Mohali Fee and course details.. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Love Problem Solution expert in ludhiana. Information Regarding Teen Fiction Books. Indian Army NCC Special Entry Men and Women Online Application Form 2019: [removed]. The Tax System of India: [removed]. Need legit mens clothing address: So I started mens clothing shop in karnatakas small city I bought clothes from Mumbai 3 times and they fraud me with those low quality cloths but somehow I managed to sell some of the cloths now I want to buy some clothes jeans shirts and want you guys to suggest me some good places to purchase wholesale cloths not very cheap and not high pricing medium range guys please suggest me some good clothing manufacturers it will be great if they are from karnataka if they are. PS sorry for bad English. Online Harward entrepreneurship course. Gumasta license online registration in Nagpur: [removed]. Looking For Fiberglass Mesh. Allahabad Bank reports 1775 core fraud by Bhushan Power amp Steel. Help a 21 year old with Personal Finance What worked for you: So I am what you may call the average 21 year old. I studied to become a computer science engineer not sure why. But for better or for worse Im employed now. Which Im very grateful for. I will be receiving my first salary this month end and honestly Im very excited. It is not the job Im truly passionate about but the idea that I EARNED it makes it pretty cool. I earn around 3.5Lpa so 25k is cash in handI have been very sheltered all my life playing video games and reading books. I have 0 street credibility. And obviously I have never been to a proper bank before until last week to open a new bank account. I believe in saving and planning. But idk where to start A plan which is adaptable to changes in salary would be great. I have the same dreams a house with a garden and a cat. Dont have any plans for kids. Would like to not be working for an MNC in the future maybe go independent in some way as you can see my field of vision is quite narrow. The fact that Ill be living alone from next month makes me freak out. Help your boi out. MSME Registration Udyog AadharMira Bhayander. Maintain amp manage inservice amp key equipment via maintenance schedules: [removed]. Which is the best company for stock broking: I have seen lot of videos on this. I figured Zerodha is one which is mostly preferred due to their less charges. But I have seen so many people complaining that zerodha shares our personal data. Thats why I am really concerned.. Why use your Travel Agent noshoes luxury Medium. Anshula Kant Becomes First Woman CFO and MD of World Bank. Homes most unaffordable in four years RBI. Adani VidyaMandir Gets ASSOCHAM Education Excellence Awards As School Serving Social Cause. Answer to your Tax amp GST queries.:  Many redditors are worried/confused about their Income Tax Returnscomputation of incomeGST and alike matters. I am a practicing accountant and i can help you with your queries. Hence I request you to ask all your such questions over here. Provide as much info as you can about your issue. Note 1. Some queries by nature can not be answered properly via comments. DM in such case will talk on call. 2. Other Tax Professionals are most welcome to join in and help the community. 3. Its an initiative to help out fellow community members. 4. Answers will be limited to general advisory only detailed advisory or work constitutes Professional work. I can not provide detailed advisory to every query. 5. This is not a substitute for case where Professional is needed. 6. ITR thread on r/IndiaInvestments.. Check Out NODIS Latest Bounty Tasks Open To Everyone. Crochet/Crosia Clothing: [removed]. Customize Your Corrective Actions With Full Root Cause Analysis.: [removed]. More Trouble For Mehul Choksi ED Attaches Properties Worth Rs 24.77Crores. gadwal silk sarees.... Jute Bags. gadwal silk sarees.... Pilot who failed alcohol test appointed Air India regional director pilots body strongly condemns decision. Keeping it fresh Time management tips to live by. Jute Bags. Big Pure Copper Lota Puja Kalash. Big Pure Copper Lota Puja Kalash. How Do I Start Travel Business in India at Low Investment: [removed]. List of top Body Massage Services in Chandigarh Unisex Parlours. Gold Plated Multicoloured Stone Necklace . WELDING PRODUCTS WELDING ACCESSORIES WELDING EQUIPMENT SUPPLIER. List of top Body Massage in Chandigarh Unisex Parlours. Gold Plated Multicoloured Stone Necklace . List of top Massage Parlours in Chandigarh Unisex Parlours. EcoFriendly Jute Shopper Bag. List of top Body Massage Centers in Chandigarh Unisex Parlours. Beige Eco Friendly Jute Sling Bag. Indiastartupscompanieslist. Treebo fires 120 blames failed funding. I was looking for Computer chairs and then this appeared out of nowhere.. Madras High Court transfers 3 cases against Kanchi cooperative bank to CBI. Apple begins exporting Indiamade iPhones to European markets. Nandigold Incense Sticks . Nandigold Incense Sticks . An Attractive Ads helps you to Boost your business. Book your ads in Newspaper Radio Digital Media and Cinema.. Extreme Rare Banknotes of India 1000 Rupees 1964 Bhattacharya. IBM closes its 34 billion acquisition of Red Hat Business Oye Good News. Indian and Chinese Earn More than Their British Counterparts Says a UK Report. 2 Liters Large Plain Pure Copper Water Jug Pitcher . 2 Liters Large Plain Pure Copper Water Jug Pitcher . Striped Wooden Chopping Board . Digital India Essay How Digital India has changed India.. Striped Wooden Chopping Board . Green Onyx Crystals amp Pearl Necklace.... Top 10 Language Interpretation Equipments on Hire in Mumbai. Workkey: [removed]. List of top NDA Coaching Institutes in Dehradun Classes Institutes. Green Onyx Crystals amp Pearl Necklace.... Double String Black Pearl Necklace. List of top NDA Coaching Centers in Dehradun Classes Institutes. Honest Review of Top 5 Trending Cryptocurrency Exchange Platforms: [removed]. Flipkart Axis Bank launch cobranded credit card offering unlimited cashback. Check details here. Questions on receiving overseas payments on Paypal.: Hello /r/India I had a few questions on receiving overseas payments on a Paypal verified account. Im planning to sell prints/merchandise of my art online but the website that provides this service is US based. The amount I make will be updated monthly to my bank account and will be way below the tax slab I hope not but yes. I was wondering if I might be running into some tax issues with this should it be declared as income Or am I worrying too much. Facebook has no plans for Calibra or cryptocurrency Libra in India. Gst Return Services in Jaipur. Batik Printed Cotton Salwar Kameez Suit Material.... chartered accountants in Hyderabad Income Tax: [removed]. Top 20 GST Consultants in Jaipur GST Registration Services. List of top NDA Coaching classes in Dehradun Classes Institutes. Aluminum Cladded Densified Plywood. Top 20 GST Registration Consultants in Jaipur Online GST Registration. Short Multicolured Pearl amp Bead Necklace. Smart Trendy Oxidized Silver Choker with DoriBlue. Top 20 GST Registration Services in Jaipur Meet Best GST Consultants. Imitation Jewellery Black Bead Chain with Pendant. List of top NDA Coaching centers in Dehradun Classes Institutes. Remove Copyright YouTube Video in India. Jan Dhan scheme Deposits in Jan Dhan accounts cross Rs 1 lakh crore. TCS hires 30000 graduates highest in 5 years women workforce at 36. Walmart got 10 billion surprise after buying Flipkart. Top 10 Countries by Immigration from 1980 to 2016 in North America Europe and Oceania. Amazon Associates Program Learn how to make money by using Amazon Affiliate Program. Go through the stepbystep guide for beginners to join for free. Affiliate Marketing Overview Are you searching how you make money online simply referring something Youre in the right place to explore the details about Affiliate Marketing. The Training Management module provides you with a complete training system.: [removed]. Top 20 Test Tube Baby Centers In Ludhiana IVF Center. Top 20 Infertility Centers in Ludhiana IVF Treatment. Top 20 IVF Centers in Ludhiana Best Test Tube Baby Center. Top 20 IVF Centers for IVF Treatment in Ludhiana Infertility Centers. Hey guys: [removed]. Top 20 Female Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. Top 20 Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana Female Infertility Treatment. Saravana Bhavan P Rajagopal surrendered before a sessions court. RRB Recruitment 2.94 : [removed]. Nodis focuses on customers with a specific pain point.. How POS system can benefits your business. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Indias Byjus raises 150 million to expand globally: [removed]. Is P2P a good mode of investment in India: By P2P I mean peertopeer lending/borrowing Nothing to do with crypto. Has anyone used or are aware of these modes There are platforms such as i2iFundinng LendBox Faircent etc. Need your opinion. I got this ad on Facebook and Im interested to invest. They also give opinion to diversify your investment.. Top Website Designing and SEO Company in Batala. Website Designing Live Project Training in Amritsar. Vascular surgeon in Hyderabad Varicose veins Treatment vascularcarecenter: [removed]. Team Building and Incentive Travel to the Maldives. Markets fall for 3rd day Sensex dropsover 220 points Nifty slips below 11500 Read More With Khelomcx.. Precious Metals Mcx Commodity Gold and silverfutures slide on weak global cues. Read More With Khelomcx.: [removed]. List of top Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Bangalore Lenovo Repair. Certificate Attestation in Qatar. List of top Lenovo Repair Center in Bangalore Lenovo Repair. Best Dentist in Hyderabad Near Me Best Dental Clinic in Banjarahills: [removed]. List of top Authorized Lenovo Service Center in Bangalore Lenovo Repair. List of top Authorized Lenovo Laptop Service Center in Bangalore Laptop repair. Free Shipping. List of top Lenovo Laptop Service Center in Bangalore Laptop repair. Workkey: [removed]. Zero merchant fee is a force multiplier for digital payments Paytms Vijay Shekhar Sharma. Looking for a new mentee.: Hey Peeps ampx200B Im a Commodities and FampO trader with 5 years of experience in the Indian financial markets. I have been operating profitably with my first year being the only exception with a CAGR of over 100 in the last 4 years. Recently my mentee who I mentored for 2 years has completed his training and has become an independent trader. In that period Ive helped him build up his financial knowledge from absolute scratch to a point where hes a full time trader and has been profitable for the last year and a half doing just as good as me. I found my mentor on Reddit and so this is a way of giving back. ampx200B Why this may not for you if You are a free spirit who thinks following the rules arent meant for you. You are in need of some get rich quick scheme. You get emotional regarding money. You like to count your chickens before they hatch. You like to listen to the crowd over your intuitions. You hate reading books/online material. ampx200B This may be for you if You are hard working You are looking for financial Independence. You are a process oriented person not a result oriented one. You are extremely disciplined. You are calm under pressure. ampx200B Whats absolutely required Deployable capital of 5 lacs. 2 hours of free time every day. ampx200B Preferred but not required Prior knowledge of the financial markets Based in Gurgaon/NCR. ampx200B This is a one year program. You alone will be making the trades in your trading account and Ill only be interjecting when absolutely required. There are no upfront costs but I will take part of your profits from the first year. I will turn you into a profitable trader in a year doing just as well as me if not better. ampx200B WARNING Financial market are risky and isnt everyones cup of tea. It is dangerous and people losing it all isnt a very uncommon sight. ampx200B Queries below. DM me if youre interested.. Travel Storage Bag Manufacturer in India The Red Bag. No longer acceptable Donald Trump again attacks India over tariffs. Sardarji showing canadians who is the boss... SBI to remove IMPS charges on internet banking from August 1. List of things that you should keep as a checklist when you are comparing the wedding venues: [removed]. Easily Manage Multiple Users amp Set Access Levels: [removed]. Webinar Enabling Investor Trust amp Simplifying SEBI Compliance Requirements with RegTech:  This webinar will be presented by a pool of regulatory amp compliance enthusiasts who will cover the essential strategies for improving the trade transparency and operational efficiency of SEBIrelated regulatory management. What to expect from this webinar How RegTech is simplifying regulatory compliance Things to do for sustaining the regulatory challenges Emerging Technologies to adapt for SEBI Regulatory compliance Growing beyond the indian regulatory disruption RegTech BenchMarking in Trading ampx200B [https//landing.sensiple.com/regtechwebinar/]https//landing.sensiple.com/regtechwebinar/. Ayurvedic Body Massage Centres:  [https//www.123coimbatore.com/ayurvedicbodymassagecentresincoimbatore/]https//www.123coimbatore.com/ayurvedicbodymassagecentresincoimbatore/ ampx200B Processing img on51p96s49931.... Builders in Coimbatore: [removed]. Best Freelance Graphic Designer Amritsar. Iphone Screen Repair Center in Bangalore. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Things to look for in a Point of SalePOS software for Small Business. Budget top 20 Highlights of Union Budget 2019 Newsblare. Best Wedding Venues in BangaloreParty PlacesBanquet Halls. IPhone Service Centre Koramangala in Bangalore. Set of 2 Earthy Terracotta Tea/coffee cups. If it moves tax it Desperation creeps into Indian economic policymaking. Top 5 Apple iPhone Service Center in Bangalore Apple Repair. Business Proposal Writing. List of Apple iPhone Service Center in Bangalore. Orthodontist in Hyderabad Best Dentist Braces Specialist Vistadent: [removed]. Set of 2 Earthy Terracotta Tea/coffee cups. Set of 6 All Natural Fragrant Vetiver Body ScrubbersCircle. Eco Friendly Terracotta Foot Scrubber. Natural Fragrant Vetiver Body ScrubbersHandicrafts.... Natural Fragrant Vetiver Body Scrubbers. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments on Rent in PuneGrotal. DotBroMedia Dedicated Online Business TV. International Cannabis Enters India Plans to Supply Premium Cannabis to Indias Vast Addressable Patient Population. Husband Wife Dispute in Kolkata. Husband Wife Problem Solutions in Kolkata Husband Wife Disputes. sensex Budget hit Rs 5 lakh crore equity investors wealth wiped out in 2 days. Online invoice generator Payment Collection App SpiderG. Handicrafts. Handicrafts.... We provide outstanding Newspaper Advertising services to clients for their brand promotion and increase your business by Newspaper Advertisement.. Triple String 13 Inch Pearl Chain with Ruby amp Emerald Pendant. Triple String 13 Inch Pearl Chain with Ruby amp Emerald Pendant.... Short Multicolured Pearl amp Bead Necklace.... Short Multicolured Pearl amp Bead Necklace.... NonVeg Pickles... What are the benefits of a coaching institute for IAS exams: [removed]. NonVeg Pickles... Crochet Lace Summer Frock for Infants. LEMON PICKLE... NABL Instrument Calibration Laboratory In Ahmedabad Prism Calibration: [removed]. Another day another scam revealed at PNB: Why do we keep reinfusing capital to PSBs without bringing any meaningful change to their management or risk management processes Free ka paisa mil raha hai to kahin bhi udao Last year govt provided 13 billion to PSBs which was wiped out within the year due to their losses. This year again we have given 10 billion to them. https//www.bloombergquint.com/business/indiaspnbplungesafteruncoveringfresh554millionfraud. Lays Creates Wavez On TikTok. A Guide To Plan Business Trips of Your CEO Like a Rockstar: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer India Slag Crusher Machine Slag Crusher For Steel Plant Slag Crusher Manufacturer India Ball Mill Drum Stone Crusher slag crusher slag crusher plant grinding crusher stone crusher. Budget treated equity investing in line with cigarette or alcohol use.. Crochet Lace Overcoat for Women. White Medium Crochet Lace Skirt with Lining. Kajjikayalu. Are Indian social enterprises ready to benefit from the proposed social stock exchange. Kajjikayalu. Deutsche Bank shares rise after shakeup to cut 18000 jobs. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. OALPs results comparison Vedanta success rate changed from 74 to 28 percent: The Indian giant oil and gas firm Vedanta received 41 blocks out of 55 during the OALP Bid Round I equal to 74 percent of the total number of blocks available for auction at that time whereas OIL gains 9 ONGC gets 2 while GAIL HOEC and BPRL received only one blocks. During the OALP Bid Round II Vedanta got only 5 blocks i.e 36 of total result. amp Now During the OALP Bid Round III Vedanta gets only 5 blocks out of 18 i.e 28. The OALPs result of all three round shows [Vedanta success rate changed from 74 to 28 percent]https//oges.info/library/165885/oalpsresultscomparisonvedantasuccesschangedpercent.. OALPs results comparison Vedanta success rate changed from 74 to 28 percent: [https//oges.info/library/165885/oalpsresultscomparisonvedantasuccesschangedpercent]https//oges.info/library/165885/oalpsresultscomparisonvedantasuccesschangedpercent. Zomato to offer dabbawala service delivering homecooked meals. Jute Bags. Jute Bags. List of top IAS Coaching classes in Noida Best IAS institute. Crochet Lace Top for Ladies. Daily Wear Crochet Lace Frock with Lining For Girls. Emerald amp Ruby Necklace Imitation Jewellery Set. latest union Budget 2019 unveiled modi government.: [removed]. Emerald amp Ruby Necklace Imitation Jewellery Set. Crochet Lace Skirt amp Top Combo. Silent Party Headphones in Pune. Blue amp Maroon Checks Cotton Double Bed Sheet with Pilllow Covers. Batik Bedsheet. Tax Payer will get PAN card without application Business Oye Good News. Top 5 Digital Marketing Training Institutes in Hyderabad Tech Trainee. India plans 10 billion bank recapitalisation help for shadow lenders to boost economy. Ultimate Fiverr Marketing With Fiverr SEO: [removed]. Punjab National Bank hit by another fraud this time of Rs 3800 crore. Side business models: What are some proven small business models one can set up with less than 5L to generate a steady 15k20k pee month. Luxury apartment Dubai:  Delighted to give you a quick tour of the one bedroom luxury apartment at District one in Mohammad Bin Rashid City. District One is one of Dubais most exciting residential developments offering a collection of one two and threebedroom apartments with worldclass and familyfriendly amenities. The stunning residences are nestled amidst picturesque surroundings offering a perfect ambiance for an exceptional way of living. Spread over 660 sq. ft. this lovely home features a striking ultramodern design and elegant interiors. Highquality finishes and an inviting neutral palette spreads across the entire living space further enriched by natural light streaming in courtesy of the floortoceiling windows. A generous balcony that looks out over the sevenkilometerlong Crystal Lagoon and the lush green environment complete this incredible apartment. ampx200B Residents of District One benefit from an array of excellent amenities and a myriad of highend retail and fine dining outlets nearby. They also have quick access to the best healthcare and educational facilities. For our most discerning clients this apartment would make a great principal residence or indeed a solid investment in Dubai. Do not forget to follow me on Instagram luxurybroker\dxb Email bipinluxuryproperty.com Call me on 971529408381 for more information or whatsapp me on 971501295526.. Amazon is 25. Giving retreats and doing business legally in India as a foreigner from europe: [removed].  NTC What is National Transport Card Yojana: [removed]. TRAINING MANAGEMENT WITH QMS SYSTEMS SOFTWARE. One of the Best Real Estate Developers to Book Your Apartments. Want to register your own company: [removed]. Benefits of Joining SSC Coaching Classes in Chandigarh: [removed]. Website Designing Services Delhi Best Digital Marketing Company Delhi. Legal Notice for Copyright Infringement in US. Best SSC coaching in Chandigarh Classes Institute. Food delivery fight grips smalltown India.. Answer to your Income Tax and GST queries.:  Many redditors are worried/confused about their Income Tax Returnscomputation of incomeGST and alike matters. I am a practicing accountant and i can help you with your queries. Hence I request you to ask all your such questions over here. Provide as much info as you can about your issue. Note 1. Some queries by nature can not be answered properly via comments. DM in such case will talk on call. 2. Other Tax Professionals are most welcome to join in and help the community. 3. Its an initiative to help out fellow community members. 4. Answers will be limited to general advisory only detailed advisory or work constitutes Professional work. I can not provide detailed advisory to every query. 5. This is not a substitute for case where Professional is needed.. Benefits of Hiring Professional Packers and Movers in Chandigarh: [removed]. Budget 2019 Aims To Become A 3 Trillion Economy This Year New Coins From Rs 1 To Rs 20. Relieve Personnel of up to 90 of Clerical Tasks: [removed]. Document Translation Services in Pune Translation Services. Pure Home Made Delicious Kova Billalu Doodh Peda. List of Best Car Transportation services in Chandigarh Vehicle shifting services. Pure Home Made Delicious Kova Billalu Doodh Peda. Traditional Indian Oxidized Jhumkas with Black Beads. Traditional Indian Oxidized Jhumkas with Black Beads. Terracotta Krishna Idol. Terracotta Krishna Idol. Invest in Bitcoin with daily passive income https//btcbusiness.club. 5 Pack Of Nuvvula Vundalu Sesame Laddu. Andhra Style Pakam Undalu Rice Flour Coconut Sweets. SUPER SUJATA Brand Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine Manufacturer India. Budget 2019 Not having PAN card Just use Aadhaar card to file your Income Tax Return ITR says FM. Home Made Delicious Gavvalu Sweet Shells. If anyone want to get GST Registration for their firm or company. Contact me. Will do it for free.: I have just learned how to register firm under GST. Soo just willing to do it for free.. Gold Plated Necklace with American Diamonds Imitation Jewellery. Gold Plated Necklace with American Diamonds Imitation Jewellery. Budget2019 Nirmala Sitharaman Discards Briefcase Carries Budget Documents In Bahi Katha Impact News India. Best Office Shifting Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Pure Hand Made Gormitti Sweet. Best Household Goods Shifting Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Qualcomm Will Promote Startups in IndiaTechnoidhub. List of best Relocation Services in Chandigarh Packers an Movers. Malpuri Sweet fried Pancake Set Of 2. Pure Home Made Delicious Kova Billalu Doodh Peda. Pharma Company in Karnal Haryana PMG Healthcare Pharmaview: [removed]. List of Best Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Relocation Services. What are Quant Funds and why are they NOT an outright success. Love Marriage Specialist in Jalandhar Ludhiana. HR department humanresources department. UK digital bank Revolut to enter India next year. Honestly Amazon India needs to work their site. Look at the items loaded for comparison.. Ola gets green light for London launch. Now shop at Dubai airports using Indian Rupee. Which businesses in india have tremendous potential of growth in the coming decade: [removed]. BSNL loss pegged at Rs 14202 crore in 201819. Top 10 IELTS coaching instituites in Chandigarh Mohali and Pachkula. Indorse banks 6.5m from Indias The Times Group. Personal Care. Staying Cool Summers Different Shades Linen. What is the benefit of choosing the best marriage halls: [removed]. Personal care. EconomicSurvey2019 Growth Rate Predicted To Be Around 7 Percent Impact News India. Lakshmis Kondapalli Toys Story: [removed]. Imitation Jewellery Black Bead Chain with Pendant. Easily Manage Multiple Users amp Set Access Levels: [removed]. Palm Jaggery. Udayagiri Handcrafted Wooden Business Card Holder. Imitation Jewellery Black Bead Chain with Pendant. 50 Off On Social Media Marketing : [removed]. Lemon. Udayagiri Handcrafted Xylophone Wooden Toys for Kids. Full Color Offset Printing Amritsar. Udayagiri Handcrafted Decorative Wooden Rack/Shelf. Etikoppaka Lacquered. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Etikoppaka Lacquered. Udayagiri Handcrafted Baby Grab Wooden Rattle. Converting a NRI home loan to Indian Loan: I took a home loan while i was outside india around an year ago. Since then i have moved back to India. I want to convert my NRI home loan to an Indian home loan. Is it possibleMain reason for conversion is that i can repay NRI loan only from an NRI account which is not possible while i am in India. Also am i eligible for tax benefits Can i get benefits from PMAY scheme. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Double Profile Machine Manufacturer Manufacturers India Amritsar. Best Vashikaran Specialist in Jalandhar. The spectacular fall of the man who founded Saravana Bhavan. Udayagiri Handcrafted Decorative Showpiece of Miniature Wooden Pick Up Truck. UGC NET Computer Science Coaching in Chandigarh. List of Best Marriage Halls in Delhi Banquet Halls in Delhi. Udayagiri Handcrafted Decorative Showpiece of Sail Boat. Agate Beads Necklace with Pendant . A query about NBFCs HUFs amp LLPs: [removed]. Top 20 UGC Net Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh JRF NET Coaching. Agate Beads Necklace with Pendant . Remove Copyright YouTube Video in India. 2D / 3D Animation Training 3D Animation Institute 3D Animation Course Top Animation College in Hyderabad. Job openings in Kolkata India: [removed]. Is it only me who finds paisabazzar ads strange: [removed]. A One Safe Packers and Movers Pune: [removed]. Airtel starts streaming service on website under Airtel Thanks.: Now watch live TV Altbalaji and zee5 among other streaming services like Amazon Prime directly on your TV and desktop. [https//www.airtelxstream.in/]https//www.airtelxstream.in/. Are you looking for a wide number of products from Godrej with their service centers: [removed]. Three String Pearl Necklace. Creative Business card Letterhead designing. 3 Best Remote Job Websites To Earn Extra Income From Home. Height of Promotion. Beige amp Pink Eco Friendly Jute Gift Bag. Medium Size Eco Friendly Jute Shopping Bag. PETROL PUMP MANAGEMENT SYSTEM: WHY PETROL MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE [Petrol pump]https//www.techjockey.com/category/petrolpumpmanagementsoftware management software is used for managing the fuel management system and Gas station. Also managing back end functions at a petrol pump is a cumbersome task. From petrol pump billing to accounting deep meter reading and sale amp purchase all need to be managed on a daytoday basis to ensure a profitable fuel selling business. Petrol pump owners often complain about shrinking profit margins with increasing competition. Further the higher cost of operation and the cumbersome petrol pump excel sheet are the major concern for them. THE SOLUTION [TECHJOCKEY.COM]https//TECHJOCKEY.COM Lepetro is a best and complete Windowsbased [Petrol pump management software]https//www.techjockey.com/category/petrolpumpmanagementsoftware and fuel management software to manage Petrol Pumps working which includes the Meter Reading Entry Shift wise and Executive wise entry Credit Sale Cash Sale Coupon Number System Purchase from Oil Company Dip chart System complete accounting with SMS Modules. Techjockey.com is providing the solutions in the form of LePetro at Rs.15000 for a lifetime. \Techjockey Petrolpump. Terracotta Ganesh Idol. Extra Large Multicoloured Eco Friendly Jute Bag. Terracotta Ganesh Idol. Set of 4 Assorted Colours Eco Friendly Jute Pencil Pouches. Top 20 Banquets in Chandigarh for All Your Events at Best Price. SBI has removed charges on NEFT / RTGS.: [removed]. Party Halls in Delhi. Nodis Get Noticed will have its Initial Exchange Offering at Fexpro.net one of the most advanced crypto trading platforms today. The IEO will start on July 15 2019 and this activity is part of Nodis continuous development and success.. Wedding Halls in Delhi. Top 20 Banquets in Delhi Best Marriage Halls and Party PalaceGrotal. IP Portfolio Management Services in Bangalore. Mango Jelly. India Construction Equipment Market 20192025. Eco Friendly Jute Lunch Bag: [removed]. Mango Jelly. India Thermal Imaging Systems Market 20192025. Kalamkari Patchwork Jute Crossbag. LiveMint Calling ecigarettes drugs Centre all set to ban them in India. Top Godrej Service Center in Delhi Repair center Grotal.com. Big Eco Friendly Jute College Bag. Vijay Mallya Claims Vindication As UK Court Allows Him To Challenge Extradition. Liswith Obinamuni Scrum expert. Guntur special Pickles. Guntur special Pickles. Government proposes Rs 74000 crore bailout for BSNL MTNL. Spine Software Systems Software Company for Pharmaceutical Sector. You may get better forex rates on retail platformfxretail.co.in. India International Cooperatives Trade Fair to be held in October. BMGF Tata Trusts to set up India Agritech Incubation Network. TheMediaCat is the number one Newspaper Advertising Agency in India that helps you to Book Ads in Newspapers with the greatest amount of ease.. Raju Ghee Sweets.... Raju Ghee Sweets: [removed]. Home Made Delicious Gavvalu Sweet Shells. Home Made Delicious Gavvalu Sweet Shells. Benefits of Indian Black Salt Kala Namak: Black salt also is known as Kala Namak. It is basically a mineral that is obtained from the natural halite present on the Earth. It is a really famous flavoring agent used in Beverages as well as in many Indian dishes. Black salt is an herb that contributes to the medical industries. Ayurvedic studies have also shown many benefits of black salt for the human body.. Ola Electric is the newest unicorn in India. Spleen Enlargement can Damage your Immune System. Oyo Has Remade Indias Hotel Business. Now It Is Going Global.. Ola Electric becomes Indias newest unicorn with new 250 million investment from SoftBank TechCrunch. Andhras Delicious Sweet Ariselu.... Andhras Delicious Sweet Ariselu...: [removed]. Bank loan fraud ED attaches 110cr assets of Simbhaoli Sugars. Pan card status: [removed]. Pure Hand Made Wall Hanging Terracotta Scarecrow. Pure Hand Made Terracotta Lord Ganesha On Leaf. Pure Hand Made Terracotta Wall Hanging Radha. Hand Made Terracotta Buddha Statue. Borupalem Bobbatlu.... Remove Copyright YouTube Video in India. Borupalem Bobbatlu.... Fedex Courier Services in Bangalore. Advice on savings amp investing: [removed]. nutristar copperware and brassware: [removed]. Vetiver the Cooling Herb: [removed]. Delayed monsoon casts gloom over tractor industry. Fenugreek the Herb for Womens. Dont Miss This Get Flat 50 OFF On CA Taxation Software CA Day. Advocate RK Shukla in Allahabad. Reserve Bank of India Is Building a Banking Platform on Blockchain. Quality Management Systems Consulting Centralized Quality System Database: [removed]. Orthodontist in Hyderabad Best Dentist Braces Specialist: [removed]. GST Software File Your GST Return Easily with Software: [removed]. Evm enabled Atm cards New method to make excess money: Does the EVM chips enabled cards needs to be read throughout transaction. Few machine spit out and few dont. I suspect that this would be a new scam to earn excess money. Most people forget to collect their card at the end of transaction. I forgot 2 times and ended up paying 700 all total. Not only me friends did it too and now a days i find atm cards lying arnd in the kiosk and no one bothers to collect it back. Another way to collect excess mny. Whats your stand on this. RTGS NEFT charges wave off by Banks from Today Business Oye Good News. Property in Haridwar: [removed]. Varicose Veins Treatment In Hyderabad VascularCareCenter: [removed]. Anil ambani seeks to sell or lease out Mumbai HQ. Shell out fee on Paytm transactions from today.. So Close To Stonks. How does cred.club make money: [removed]. Sterling Biotech scam bigger than NiravChoksi Sandesaras took Rs 9000 cr loan from Indian banks overseas ED. Inside the deadly world of Indias sand mining mafia. All you need to know about the thrilling escapade of Nagzira Tiger reserve: [removed]. IP Valuation Service and Patent Valuation in Bangalore. What is the benefit of ISO certification: [removed]. Bottle stand. EM Bypass Residential Projects to Book Your Dream Apartments. VMart CMD Smaller towns fuelling retail growth engine. wooden kitchen spatula set. Falguni Nayar The Makeup Queen of India. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Know the winners of RMAI Flame Awards Asia 2019. Finger millet amp Flaxseeds Laddu. How to Modify IEC code: [removed]. Dental Clinic in Banjarahills Best Dentist In Hyderabad: [removed]. Karnataka govt bans carpooling by Ola and Uber. Boeings 737 Max Software Outsourced to 9anHour EngineersNotably India.:  [https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20190628/boeings737maxsoftwareoutsourcedto9anhourengineers]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20190628/boeings737maxsoftwareoutsourcedto9anhourengineers. Forex reserve hits record high of 426.42 billion. Proud to announce that ICAI will complete 70 years on 1st July 2019.. Do You Know the RRTL of Sovereign Gold Bonds SGB: [removed]. Shop Authentic amp Natural Loose Gemstones at Bulk Gemstones: [removed]. UKbased Adi Group partners with Jet Airways employees to bid for 75 pc of airlines. Shop Authentic amp Natural Loose Gemstones at Bulk Gemstones: [removed]. Shop Stones for Jewelry Making at The Jewel Creation amp Get FREE SHIPPING: [removed]. Shop Natural Loose Gemstones at Bulk Price from The Jewel Creation: [removed]. Top 20 Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Pune Buzzer on Hire. Voting Pads on Hire in Pune Audience Response System. Top SEO Company Amritsar SEO Experts. Top 20 Bosch Interpretation Equipments in Pune Simultaneous Equipment. Varicose Veins Treatment in Hyderabad Vascularcarecenter: [removed]. Imported Rangoli Tiles Manufacturer in Morbi Gujarat: [removed]. Document Translation Services in Pune Translation Services. Best Dentist Braces Specialist Orthodontist in Hyderabad Vistadent: [removed]. Top 10 Table top mics in Pune Rental Wireless Microphone. Top Wireless Delegate Microphones in Hyderabad on Rent. Sunnunda... Indias Flipkart to replace 40 of its delivery vans with EVs. Top 10 Table top mics in Hyderabad Wireless Microphone. Jobs in Amritsar Freshers Web Designing Jobs SEO Jobs. Hire or Buy Simultaneous Interpretation Equipment in Mumbai. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai. Sugar Free Palakova. Herbal Multani Mitti: [removed]. Professional Dog Training Service in South Delhi: [removed]. Zero surge zero commission cab service rolled out in Hyderabad. Digital payments When the pie is large but a few slice it up. Bengaluru water crisis Karnataka mulls ban on construction of new apartments for next 5 years. Trademark Audit in Bangalore. Indians money in Swiss banks falls. has anyone bought from indiatrendshop.com/other Indian jewelry online stores to recommend: sorry if this isnt the right sub for this Im honestly not sure where else to go so please lmk if theres a better place. Some desi influencers I follow have repped indiatrend [https//www.indiatrendshop.com/]https//www.indiatrendshop.com/ and I found some earring sets that I like and want to buy but their return policy seems sketchy only refunds in store credit buyer has to pay return shipping. Is this a reputable retailer Are there any better ones people would recommend. Flipkart charts road map for US listing by 2022. Grofers Revamps 100 Kirana Stores As Its Branded Stores Report. IITMadras alumnus an exGoogle Amazon employee appointed new CTO of Walmart. IndiaMart IPO subscribed over 36 times on final day of bidding: [removed]. Hire Silent Disco Headphones in Hyderabad Best Price Guarantee. Silent Disco Equipment on Rent in Bangalore Silent Party. WeGift the digital rewards platform raises 4M Series A Inventiva. Silent Disco Headphones Rental in Delhi Party Headphones. Silent Disco Headphones in Mumbai. Vlogsfeed Biggest Cooler Market in Delhi Wholesale Cooler Market in India: [removed]. Book Your Silent Disco Headphones in Pune Silent Party Night. Silent Party Headphones in Hyderabad on Rent Best Price in India. Pootharekulu. Silent Party Headphones in Bangalore on Rent Best Price Guarantee. AUDIT MANAGEMENT With Quality Management System Software.: [removed]. Top Silent Party Headphones in Chennai Buy/Hire Headphones. Indian real estate industry Real estate sector is one of the most globally recognized sectors.. Silent Party Headphones in Mumbai on Rent Best Price Guarantee. Silent Party Headphones in Pune. Decorative Indoor Artificial Potted Rose Plant. ASTROLOGER: [removed]. Top 20 Silent Party Headphones in Delhi Rental Headphones. Decorative Indoor Artificial Potted Rose Plant. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Mfrs. Exporters India Ravi Engg. Works: [removed]. I need the help of Indian friends.: [removed]. TCS wins deal to digitise daily operations of Indias aviation regulator. Talk about the payment methods of Indian friends.: [removed]. Foot Scrubber. MyStyleLabelBest Ecommerce web site in india. Kisan call centres provide weather advisories in 22 languages. Hyderabad to host global meet on agriculture nutrition and health. Agri Export APEDA organises buyerssellers meet in Manipur. Hatsun Agro Product to expand to 3500 retail outlets soon. India to host mega food processing event in November. Dairy Day launches Chilli Guava. With 60 stake LampT completes its hostile takeover of Mindtree. 4 Fundamentally Strong Stocks to Invest for Long Term Through Systematic Equity Plan / SEP in 2019. Which is the best source online to get information on import duty to India from Asean countries : [removed]. Top Wireless Audience Response Systems on Rent in Pune. RELIEVE PERSONNEL OF UP TO 90 OF CLERICAL TASKS: [removed]. Green Gram Papads Pesara Appadalu. Herbal Shampoo Powder. Herbal Shampoo Powder. Blackgram Papad Minapa Appadalu. Sago Fritters Sabudana/Saggubiyam Vadiyalu. Motivational Inspirational Quotes/ LoveLifeSuccess Quotes/ Shyari Dukusworld. Combo of Rice Flour amp Sago Fritters Beeyampindi amp Sabudhana Vadiyalu. Motivational Inspirational Quotes/ LoveLifeSuccess Quotes/ Shyari Dukusworld. Pure Home Made Dry Fruit Kajjikayalu. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India .: [removed]. Why Maldives people ask me. Should Financial Marketers in India Consider to Build or Buy a Customer Data Platform. Pure Home Made Dry Fruit Kajjikayalu. Carrot Fritters Vadiyalu. Masala Papad. Rice Flour Fritters Vadiyalu. My daily sales is 20003000 Kachori seller raided by officials. Pure Copper Water Bottle. Pure Copper Water Bottle. Applications for SMPS adapter. ro water purifier Buy ro Water Purifier ro water purifier gujarat Rivera ro. EcoFriendly Toys Etikoppaka toys. Buy FCW DC adapter at affordable price. Reasons to use SMPS adapter. Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Ravi Engineering Works Corrugated Box Making Machine. 40 of tea worth 6.50 cr unsold at Coonoor auction. How to become wealthy Nithyananda Idea Pennys response. Know the pros and cons of using open frame SMPS. Importance of SMPS power Adapter in daily life. SMPS Power Adapter. open frame smps. A man based in Hyderabad is making fuel from plastic without any wasteful byproducts.. India plans to offer incentives to companies moving away from China. Top 10 Money Saving Tips for Indian Housewives: [removed]. SMPS Adapter Manufacturer India. Best Collections of Handloom Batik Sarees amp Batik Tussar Saree. Top Document Translation Services in Bangalore Language Translation. Certified Document Translation Services in Chennai. https//kalgudi.com/store/p/c/wheatpuff/00zg00zh. CUSTOMIZE YOUR CORRECTIVE ACTIONS WITH FULL ROOT CAUSE ANALYSIS: [removed]. Top Document Translation Services in Delhi Legal Translation. Ahmedabadbased startup EcoRight is attempting to tackle the plastic menace in India by selling welldesigned ecofriendly bags as a replacement.. Minapa Sunnundalu. Document Translation Services in Pune Translation Services. Mixture Karapusa Chakralu. Top 20 Certified Document Translation Services in Mumbai. Finger millet Mixture Ragi Chakralu. What does a management consultant do exactly: [removed]. Bobbatlu. Ghee Bobbatlu. Pure Home Made Andhra Style Karapusa Sev. Finger Millet Snacks Ragi Chakralu. Foxtail millet Mixture Korra Karapusa/chakralu. Foxtail Millet MixtureKorra Karapusa. Crispy Home Made Ribbon Pakodi Chickpea Flour Snack. Chakralu Rice Flour Snack. IndiaEve: [removed]. Womens Jewellery. Womens Jewellery. LampT shares gain on mega power project order in Bihar LampT will set up a 2x660 MW ultrasupercritical power plant in Buxar district Bihar. hey guys please check out my yt chanel for epic fortnite updates FREE V BUCK LINKS IN DESCRIPTION]. Hawkish Indian central bank deputy abruptly resigns. RBI introduces Complaint Management System. Lodha Developers 1000cr carpet area scam. Automakers run into collision with Centres electric vehicle plan. What do we do then to make Indian leaders future ready: Being future ready has never been easy but the storm of informationand technologies that crop up today is more explosive than any we have ever seen. ampx200B Blockchain Cryptocurrencies Artificial Intelligence Machine Learning Renewable Energy Internet of Things Augmented Reality Virtual Reality SelfDriving and Electric Vehicles and who knows what else..... ampx200B The CEOs of today have to be able to see the future build for it and lead it. Thats no easy task and given the uncertainty of leadership and dearth of skills it comes as no surprise that \75 of Indian CXOs arent future ready. ampx200B Being future ready is much more than knowing the present its about predicting the future and having a say in building whats about to come. ampx200B What do we do then to make Indian leaders future ready. Upcoming Residential Projects with Nearby Facilities amp Connectivity. Kobbari Kaaram. Kobbari Kaaram. Know some of the tricks for CA CPT Students for success: [removed]. Wireless Delegate Microphones in Mumbai. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Hyderabad Game Buzzers. Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Bangalore Game Buzzer System. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Chennai Best deal in Buzzers. Blue amp White Bead Door Decor Thoran: [removed]. Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Delhi Buzzer System. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Mumbai Wireless buzzers. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Pune Buzzer on Hire. Decorative Peacock Shaped Turmeric amp Kumkum Platter. Love Problem Solution Expert in Ludhiana. incense sticks. Intense Sticks. List of best CPT Coaching in Chandigarh CA Coaching Training Institute Coaching Centers. Silver Jewellery. PayTm Postpaid customers must read PayTm is transferring its loan book to Clix Capital. find out why. What is QMS manufacturing: [removed]. Restauranteurs and small Business owners of r/India Im a college student trying to start a Milkshake and smoothie Kiosk Business along with my Friend.: Hello Im new to the Business world and have no prior experience in this field. Im looking to start a Milkshake Kiosk Business in our home state. We identified our location and analyzed all parameters for maximum sales. We have the Investment capital with us. But we cant be physically present at the Kiosk at all times. Kindly suggest and advice me on What Business systems and practices should I establish in order to run the small business successfully without needing to be physically present. Thank you Edit Please take into consideration that theres very high demand for Milkshakes/smoothies/juices in the city were trying to setup the business. The location we chose is an awesome place where there are 2 schools and a University and also high urban population. There exists no competition for this sector right now in that location so well be the first to setup a Milkshake/Smoothie Kiosk.. Flipkart Cofounder Binny Bansal Sells Part Stake To Walmart For 76 Million. Turmeric Power. Alexa how can I fly to Mumbai. Turmeric Power. Apple plans to move some manufacturing out of China reports Nikkei. Why kill ICE bikes in the electric rush ask Bajaj and TVS. Viral Acharya Resigns RBIs deputy governor quits six months before his term ends: [removed]. Turmeric Powder. Student Loan Collateral: [removed]. Student Loan Collateral: [removed]. The factory in India making shoes out of plastic bottles BBC News. Losing Billions Every Year Whats Eating Ramdevs Patanjali. Received tax document 1042S USA no clue on how to proceed: Hi guys I purchased some shares of my company as a part of their employee stock purchase program and I dont work there anymore. I received a tax document 1042S from my broker. I am absolutely clueless on whats the purpose of this document and how should I proceed. Can anybody enlighten me on this ampx200B Thanks. Low Cost Business Ideas that You can Start Tomorrow in India. Paying minimum balance on Credit Card: Hey there Not sure of it belongs here. But I have to pay around 18K for my credit card bill at the end of this month. But I only have under 10K with me currently. I have an HDFC CC and I was planning to pay either the minimum due 6k or borrow money from elsewhere and pay it fully. I have never had to do this before and have heard bad things about minimum dues in Credit Card. Can someone please help me take a decision . Need leads for website designing/developing: Hi Folks ampx200B Need help with website designing. The idea is to create a websitesay something like TheKen or Mark[Manson.net]https//Manson.net where 10 of the articles are free and he rest is for subscribed members. One is to create on Wordpress using Memberpress not sure if it works in India. But still the designing would have to be done by someone more experienced. Other would be to build it entirely from scratch which would give more freedom but with high TAT. ampx200B Please help me with someone/some agency who can do a good job. And what is the price that is generally charged for this kind of service ampx200B Help is appreciated.. The Best Side of online bus ticket booking: Blue Bell Airport Hotel is supplying lodging in Nedumbassery. Featuring a 24hour front desk this residence also gives guests which have a terrace. Was top rated notch as 5 stars. Kind and handy personnel and also the hotel was super thoroughly clean. Would definitely love to return. Drastically encouraged Utilize the Getaway Map to compare the costs to several Places. In case youre not sure exactly where to go You may as well look at the costs to cities all around the world to locate a location that fits your spending budget. Goibibo reserves the right to vary or withdraw the supply any time at the sole discretion in the administration. We benefit our customer experience on our Site and application When youve got any suggestion concerning our Internet site you should send out us your opinions under. ixigo delivers an array of hotels and guarantees very best industry premiums. From lowcost hotels to 5star properties from domestic to international hotels there is a myriad of options from which to choose at ixigo. A Make sure you Check out specifics on our companion web pages prior to deciding to make your booking. For almost any additional queries concerning the similar you may get in touch right With all the booking provider. Many of us want the cheapest flights doable Find out How to define The most affordable times to fly and obtain the very best promotions on airfare. A Customers ready to choose For an additional mattress please Get in touch with the hotel reception and ask for the additional prices. Also whilst booking the hotel online pick out the number of children youre traveling with. Price tag are going to be displayed accordingly. Travelers can filter out the hotels as per their wants and needs and revel in an easy online hotel booking working experience. By utilizing This page you conform to our use of cookies to teach you personalized ads and that we share info with our third party companions. MAXIMUM CHOICE We give you the widest number of travel options throughout Many routes. SUPERIOR Customer care We set our knowledge and associations to very good use and can be found to solve your vacation troubles. Most affordable Costs We always give you the least expensive selling price with the ideal lover delivers. UNMATCHED Rewards We care for your travel further than ticketing by giving you with impressive and special Advantages. Our curated and confirmed list of three lakh additionally hotels throughout 28 thousand additionally towns from throughout the world assures our travelers [here]https//www.fetchbus.com/inthotel/ have sufficient selections to select from and finish their online hotel booking at ease. This really is an electronic ticket issued and despatched on your email right after confirmation of your online booking.. Become bitcoin millionaire. How to launch own IEO. Listing fee 0.06 btc https//bitcort.world. AmazonPay ICICI Credit Card now available for all.: The card is now available [here]https//www.amazon.in/cbcc/marketpage/refaslisstlieUTF8amplinkCodell2amptagamazonindiatag21amplinkIdd450774b7ed65ef3de4747b7e4ab0e4bamplanguageenIN for application Disclaimer I have been using this card for the past 6 months in the limited user group trial and the benefits seem to be good. Especially the flat 5 cashback on all Amazon purchases and 2 cashback on utility bills. Other spends have a flat 1 cashback which is pretty much what other cards offer at this point. Plus the card is lifetime free as well as of now and with no minimum spend caps like the Ola or the Paytm CC. The application process is seamless if you have an existing credit relationship with ICICI as it was so in my case. Other terms and conditions [here]https//www.icicibank.com/PersonalBanking/cards/ConsumerCards/CreditCard/amazonpay/index.page.. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant: [removed]. Why did Jet Airways crash land An Explainer. Agarwal Packers and Movers Complaint. Nifty amp Bank Nifty chart with option strategy. Answers to your Tax Queries: [removed]. Answers to your Tax Queries 21st June 2019: [removed]. At 9.8 GB per month India has the highest data usage per smartphone. https//www.weeklypaisa.com/2019/06/bankniftynifty50newtimecyclestart.html. Housing Complex in South Kolkata to Book Your AC Apartments. Fire Mock Drill At Pesh Infotech Hinjawadi phase1 Pune.. Best Marriage Halls in Chandigarh For your wedding.: [removed]. Chilli Powder. International Trademark Registration in Delhi. Chilli Powder. Top 20 Trademark Registration services in Delhi Online Application. Pistachio Madugula Halwa. Top 20 Trademark Registration Consultants in Delhi Online Application. Lugsto Launch Left luggage Service in India: [removed]. Madugula Halwa. Sugarcane Jaggery Bellam. Top 20 Trademark Registration Consultants in Delhi Logo Registration. Palm Jaggery: [removed]. Natural Kasturi Turmeric Powder. copper items. Indian entrepreneurs are invested Rs 2000 Crore to launch a Tech University.. Natural Kasturi Turmeric Powder.  04RW67 50 . Roz Dhan . Roz Dhan . Packers and Movers in Bareilly. Taati Taandra Toddy Palm fruit Jelly Pack of 4. Mango Jelly250 grams: [removed]. Pootharekulu with Sugar100 grams. Hypopigmentation is a skin condition where the skin loses the colour or skin pigments due to. copper items. Worst growth in decade for Indias corporate bond market fuels concern. LIVE PHP Project Training in Ahmedabad Gujarat Ahmedabad Computer Education: [removed]. Honey. Honey. TheMediaCat is the best and renowned Ad Booking Agency in India that provide you multiple categories to publish your Ads in Newspaper.. Wireless Bosch Interpretation Equipments on rent in Delhi. Top 20 Bosch Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai on Hire. Top 20 Bosch Interpretation Equipments in Pune Simultaneous Equipment. Thimmamma Marrimanu. Paytm Brings Cashbacks To Offline Merchants To Boost Digital Payments In Kirana Stores.. Udayagiri Handcrafted Rectangular Wooden Tray. Thimmamma Marrimanu. Top 4 Best Applications To Buy the Scrap / Waste At Your Doorstep. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Hyderabad Voting Pads. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Bangalore Voting Pads. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Delhi Rental Services. Top Wireless Audience Response Systems on Rent in Pune. Set of 3 Udayagiri Handcrafted Wood Inlay Pens. Audience Voting System Hire in Chennai. India Ranks 124 out of 146 nations in CAFs World Giving Index: Index https//www.cafonline.org/aboutus/publications/2018publications/cafworldgivingindex2018. Audience Response Systems Rental in Chennai. Useful ideas for Apartment home Interior designs. Udayagiri Handcrafted Carved Wooden Fork amp Spoon Set in Aamani Pattern. Audience Response System on Rent in Chennai. Top 20 Audience Response Systems on Hire in Chennai. Set of 2 Udayagiri Handcrafted Wooden Combs. Set of 2 Udayagiri Handcrafted Wooden Kitchen Spatula Set. emahila.org. Kalgudi. The Innovative Coworking space to Enhance Startups: [removed]. Kalgudi. SEBI Order Against Radhika And Prannoy Roy Stayed: NDTV News SEBI Order Against Radhika And Prannoy Roy Stayed. https//www.ndtv.com/communication/sebiorderagainstradhikaandprannoyroystayed2055878publishernewsstand. SEBI Order Against Radhika And Prannoy Roy Stayed: NDTV News SEBI Order Against Radhika And Prannoy Roy Stayed. https//www.ndtv.com/communication/sebiorderagainstradhikaandprannoyroystayed2055878publishernewsstand. SEBI Order Against Radhika And Prannoy Roy Stayed: NDTV News SEBI Order Against Radhika And Prannoy Roy Stayed. https//www.ndtv.com/communication/sebiorderagainstradhikaandprannoyroystayed2055878publishernewsstand. TheMediaCat is uniquely positioned help you to grow your business with Newspaper Advertisement and successfully reach your target audience. Book your Ads Now. Mango Pickle. Mango Pickle. Mango Pickle. Korra Salt Biscuits Foxtail millet salt biscuits. Richest Cities of India India has become a Gold Bird. Multigrain Salt Biscuits: [removed]. Chicken Pickle. Ratan Tata reveals SECRET Biography amp net worth Inspirational Stories Video. Silver Jewellery: [removed]. Company Gifted 3 Cars for their Employees. chicken Pickle. Sorghum Biscuits Jonna Biscuits: [removed]. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Mfrs. Exporters India Ravi Engg. Works: [removed]. REDUCE AUDIT PREP TIME TO LESS THEN 1 HOUR: [removed]. What a time to be alive. UppadaJamdaniSaris. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore. Leads Generation Tools: Earlier we are doing everything manually but now technology is getting increased and we are adapting in our business. There are so many leads generation tools like [Intelliticks]https//www.intelliticks.com/ which convert your visitor into a lead using AI. Which tool you are using in your business to get more leads. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Chennai. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Delhi. Top 20 Wireless Tour Guide System in Mumbai Wireless Audio Guide. Hire or buy best Wireless Tour Guide System in Pune. free shipping. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Hyderabad Grotal. free shipping. Finger Millet Biscuits Ragi Biscuits: [removed]. RBI slaps Rs 1 crore fine on HDFC Bank for noncompliance of KYC norms. Pearl Millet Biscuits Sajja Biscuits: [removed]. noshoesluxury Medium. Mobile Number Tracker for India. Why Jaguar And Land Rover Face Uncertain Futures. 5reasonswhyyoushouldhavemorethanonebankaccount. GST India. Let People Feel it Believe it and Go For It Monish Siripurapu Ant Studio. Pi Network the cryptocurrency you can earn for free on your phone: Pi Network is available on android and ios. It is being developed by a group of Stanford PhDs. Currently more than 50k people use the app in more than 175 countries. Find all the info in minepi.com Use my invitation code dimkal and start mining before the next halving occurs. I Found Some Small Business Ideas in India for 2019. Step n Style Women Multi Pakistani Juti Punjabi Jutti Ethnic Mojari Handmade Jutti. Combo Pack of Three Non Veg Pickles750 grams. CUSTOMIZE YOUR CORRECTIVE ACTIONS WITH FULL ROOT CAUSE ANALYSIS: [removed]. Pancharatha Ladoo. Etikoppaka Handcrafted Lacquered Decorative Showpiece of Musician Set. Combo Pack of Three Non Veg Pickles. Banquet Bookings in Chandigarh. Indian Government Body Confirms They Want to Ban Crypto Officially. AC Banquet Halls in Chandigarh. Top 20 Banquet Halls in Chandigarh Best Marriage Halls. Top 20 Banquets in Chandigarh for All Your Events at Best Price. Alternative for Plastic: [removed]. Etikoppaka Lacquered Decorative Idols of Radha Krishna. Etikoppaka: [removed]. Etikoppaka lacquered Decorative Wooden Showpiece of Swans: [removed]. Vegetables and Fruits. Why Maldives people ask me. tikoppaka. Fire at RIL plant near Mumbai none hurt. Etikoppaka Lacquered Decorative Wooden Showpiece of Mother amp Child. Etikoppaka Handcrafted Lacquered Decorative Bride amp groom Showpiece: [removed]. How has the Indian saree fashion changed over the last 50 years. 15 MustHave Documents You Need to File Income Tax Return ITR 201819. Can someone explain how did vini which is the parent company that makes fogg deo became the largest manufacturers in India s 3000 crore deodorant industry with fogg being 80 market holder. Zomato Vs Gh Itni der main toh Gh bhi nahin nikalta hai. IndianOilGasIndustry: Greeting to All While searching some information related to Indian Oil and Gas Industry on reddit Ive come to know that there is no such subreddit for oil industry that is specific to Indian Oil and Gas Industry. I was amazed but it has inspire me to create a community specific to Indian Oil and Gas Industry. r/IndianOilGasIndustry I think it is my destiny that provides me a chance to do this honorable work. It would be an honor to invite every Indian Oil and Gas professionals to this community. Kindly Be part of it and take the Indian oil and gas industry to its next level. Also I would like to thanks r/india to be here for us people of India. Jai Hind . Now it has become too easy to Book Advertisement in Newspaper Radio Cinema Digital Media in India through us.. The Metamorphosis of a Traditional Bath Experience: [removed]. Business marketing tips and tricks. ASIA EXCELLENT LOTTOIf you are the only lotto ticket buyer you are the winner: [removed]. The Metamorphosis of a Traditional Bath Experience. Boneless Chicken Pickle. Who wants to buy Smart Cities data: I have a product which outlines the state of these 97 smart cities on various aspects that constitute city life. The metrics chosen are intended to service the description of the core infrastructure elements outlined by the government on what constitutes a smart city and the proposals filed by individual cities namely Adequate water supply Assured electricity supply Adequate water supply Sanitation including solid waste management Efficient urban mobility and public transport Robust IT connectivity and digitalisation Good governance especially egovernance and citizen participation Sustainable environment Health and education Safety and security of citizens Which organisations or departments will be interested in purchasing this data. Chicken Pickle. Jute Bags. Gate Coaching Classes in Chandigarh. Jute Bags. Potatoes. Prawn Pickle. Online GATE Coaching in Chandigarh. GATE Coaching in Chandigarh. Fish Pickle: [removed]. Gate Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh. Chicken Pickle with bone. prawns Pickles. List of Reputed Gate Coaching Centers in Chandigarh. prawns Pickles. Top Influential HR Professionals 2019. PaytmOla and Amazon launched new credit card in India.: A quick comparison between 3 new credit cards from AmazonPaytm and Ola launched in India. Check out our [blog]https//myntapp.co/blog/2019/05/16/amazonpaytmandnowolaaquickcomparisonbetween3newcreditcardsinindia/ to know which card gives the best benefits to its users. [img]jshw9zkonu431 Comaprison of 3 new contender in Credit Card world. Blog Link [https//myntapp.co/blog/2019/05/16/amazonpaytmandnowolaaquickcomparisonbetween3newcreditcardsinindia/]https//myntapp.co/blog/2019/05/16/amazonpaytmandnowolaaquickcomparisonbetween3newcreditcardsinindia/ [Download]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.cards.mynt now. Give us a [visit]https//myntapp.co/ in your spare time.. MyntSuper app for cards: [removed]. Punjab National Bank puts 6 NPAs worth over 1000 crore on block. Paytm Payments Bank ahead of major banks in digital transaction target. Noose tightens on Swiss account holders authorities to share details of at least 50 Indians. Indian International Exchange a BSE Subsidiary in Hiranandani Signature building at GIFT City SEZ. Indian Government in Dizzying Reversal Sponsors Free Crypto Course. Aakash claims AIIMS topper took their coaching. Article on the next page of the same newspaper refutes that.: [removed]. No plan to bail out Jet Airways real estate companies Minister. Hotels Treasuresventure.com. India Will Impose Higher Tariffs on 28 US Goods in Response to Withdrawal of Key Trade Privileges. 1 Best Website Designing Company website designer Amritsar Award Winning SEO Company social media marketing professional WebWebsite designing company Amritsar client satisfaction: [removed]. Rain may dampen Stars plans to earn around 100 cr from IndiaPak WC match. 10 Sexy Lingerie All Pretty Indian Girls fell in love with Snazzyway . RMAI announces Flame Awards Asia 2019 shortlisted entries. Lingerie Style Practically Every Newlywed Indian girl Like Snazzyway . Piaggio to invest 300 crore in three years in India. Room Windows AC Installation Services New York: [removed]. Sexy and Sensible lingerie every Indian woman should own. 5 Unique lingerie every Indian women should wear at least once Snazzy . Now Adhar card is not required for bank or Sim card.. union square new york commercial ac installation repair replacement commercial ac installation union square new york union square new york commercial ac installation commercial ac installation union square new york: [removed]. Why Most Indian Women Are reluctant to Wear Sexy Lingerie Snazzyway. Snazzyway India Best Seller Lingerie 2019 Unbelievable Deals Shop Now. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches: [removed]. Online Earning Money Top 5 Method to Earn Money Online. What went wrong with Patanjalis dream run Patanjalis ambitions hobbled by missteps. Udayagiri Wooden Cutlery A Living Art: [removed]. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/. Latest Arrivals Tussar Silk Saree Rich Peacock With price Rs 950.... Best HVAC Services in New York HVAC Repair Maintenance near me nyc HVAC Contractors HVAC Companies Winter Maintenance Heating Ventilation And air conditioning HVAC Duct Cleaning HVAC Maintenance Nyc Commercial HVAC Contractors Call Hitechcentral Air Inc Call 718 5777875: [removed]. Herbal products. Herbal. Multicolour Peacock Motif 12 Inch Round Hand Painted Leather Lampshade: [removed]. What are some of the Customer Data Platform CDP Use Cases for Indian Financial Marketers. Muticolour Ramayan Motif 16 Inch Sqaure Hand Painted Leather Lampshade: [removed]. Artificial Intelligence makes car insurance easier in IndiaTechnoidhub. Search Engine Optimization Services... Call 91 981 576 315 www.ideaads.com: [removed]. 5 Steps to Design Letterhead. all categeries: [removed]. free shipping. Maldives Expert. Mangoes. Blue 5 Inch Square Hand Crafted Leather Table Lamps. Multicolour Peacock Motif 8 Inch Square Hand Painted Leather Table Lampshade: [removed]. Mutlticolour Flower Motif Hand Painted Leather Wall Lampshade: [removed]. SUPER SUJATA Platen Die Cutting and Creasing Machine India Manufacturer Supplier and Exporter Die Punching Machine Victoria Die Cutting Machine Hand Fed Platen. Industrial shed available on rent in chakan MIDC Pune. Trademark Attorney Registration in US. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India: [removed]. Multicolour Hand Painted Leather Puppet of Vinayaka. Hand Painted Leather Lampshade. Hand Painted Leather Lampshade. Reliance Industries HDFC among 57 Indian companies on Forbes Global 2000 list. Opinion What global car brands get badly wrong in our country. INDIAS CASTE SYSTEM Rankin Manian. Live PHP Project Training in Ahmedabad Indina Ahmedabad Computer Education: [removed]. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Exporters India Super Sujata Brand: [removed]. 7 reasons why you should learn the German language 2019: [removed]. German Tutor brings the stress buster for all the MMB chasers: [removed]. Infotachus is one of the best online marketing agency in delhi: [removed]. sarees. Glowindark Maldives. sarees. free shipping. Millets. Decorative Handcrafted Wood Carved Sculpture of Woman with Mirror: [removed]. Decorative Handsculptued Wood Engraved Idol of Meenakshi: [removed]. Decorative Wood Engraved Idol of Ganesha: [removed]. Kalgudi Farm Store. Window Air Conditioner Winter Storage New York NY 10022. Language shapes the way we think and determines what we can think about Benjamin Lee Whorf. Decorative Handcrafted Wood Engraved Balaji Idol: [removed]. Decorative Handcrafted Wood Engraved Krishna Idol. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches. Multicoloured Decorative Handcrafted Wood Carved Sculpture of Woman with Mirror: [removed]. free shipping. Sign the petition Dogecoin for Reliance Retail. Textile maker Sintex Industries defaults on 86 crore of debt. ICICI Bank SBI and HDFC among top victims of over Rs 2.05 lakh cr frauds in 11 years RBI data. Sushma valencia floors in zirakpur Punjab 95O1O318OO. Zero Banking with Zero Compromises US Only. Need some CA/Builder advice please: [removed]. New Yorks Best AC Tune Up Services AC Preseason Cleaning New York HVAC Preseason Maintenance New York HVAC Service And Repairs Call Hitech Central Air Inc. PTAC Experts at 718 577 7875. Computer Programming Language. Best HVAC Services in New York HVAC Repair Maintenance near me nyc HVAC Contractors HVAC Companies Winter Maintenance Heating Ventilation And air conditioning HVAC Duct Cleaning HVAC Maintenance Nyc Commercial HVAC Contractors. Punjabi jutti for men. Why cant travel agents ask. Techhark Womens Navy Blue Color Dori and Sequins Lehenga Choli: [removed]. Pyrogen Testing Market Key Player Charles River Inc. Ellab A/S Inc. Lonza Ltd. Till 2030 Jun 11 2019. Brinjal. Jubilee Walk Office space at Sector 70 Mohali. Kalamkari: [removed]. PWC resigns as statutory auditor of Reliance Capital Reliance Home Finance. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer India Slag Crusher Machine Slag Crusher For Steel Plant Slag Crusher Manufacturer India Ball Mill Drum Stone Crusher slag crusher slag crusher plant grinding crusher stone crusher. Need information about dropshipping business in India. Please help me: [removed]. Udayagiri Handcrafted Wooden Decorative Showpiece of Miniature Vintage Car: [removed]. Infotachus is one of the best digital marketing company in noida: [removed]. Udayagiri Handcrafted Vintage Miniature Royal Enfield Bike Showpiece in Wood: [removed]. Udayagiri Handcrafted Decorative Showpiece of Horse. Kondapalli Gangireddu. Kondapalli Showpiece of Seemantham Baby Shower Celebration: [removed]. Kondapalli Gangireddu. Kondapalli Handcrafted Decorative Showpiece of Dasavataram Set 10 forms of Vishnu: [removed]. Ielts Institutes in Dehradun. Kondapalli Handcrafted Decorative Showpiece of Bullock Cart: [removed]. IELTS Coaching Classes in Dehradun. Top 10 Ielts Coaching Centers For Ielts in Dehradun. Top 20 IELTS Coaching centers in Dehradun IELTS TrainingGrotal. Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Corrugation Machines Manufacturers India Paper Corrugation Machine Oblique Type Paper Corrugation Machine Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/ Corrugated Box Making Machine. Halal ponzi scheme 6 directors of IMA surrender to Bengaluru police. IT firm margins will shrink on US localhire pressure Report. TCS Overtakes IBM In Market Cap Race Focus On Emerging Tech Pays Off. Looking for local help in Guwahati: [removed]. How to earn 2500030000 per month work from homeOnline Business Without InvestmentMeesho App. Avail great deals on Advertising packages in India. Air Conditioning Installation Company New York. Business Idea Name Grandparents. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine Manufacturers Exporters India Super Sujata Brand: [removed]. Flipkart moves away from China to give boost to Make in India. Ayurvedic Body Massage Centers in Jaipur. Top 10 Female to Male Massage Sandwich Massage in Jaipur. Get list of Full Body Massage Services in Jaipur Providing Best Offers. Gift Hamper. Body Massage Services in Jaipur. Body Massage For Women in Jaipur. Top 20 Body Massage Centers in Jaipur Massage Parlour. Banana. Reliance Group has met Rs 35000 crore debt obligations in past 14 months Anil Ambani. Infotachus is one of tha best creative digital marketing company in Noida:  Infotachus provides excellent services The team at Infotachus took care of all project from start till finish without leaving any loose ends and we are one of the best digital marketing services in noida . we also train many in house staff about the nittygritty of the processes that were essential for the smooth running of the project. It will be your wonderful experience with Infotachus is one of the best digital marketing services in noida . Infotachus have highly professional staff to handle different services such as SEO PPC SMM Website designing and many more services. ampx200B sources [http//infotachus.com/]http//infotachus.com/ Processing img oeatmc0amo331.... Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar: [removed]. Kondapalli Decorative Showpiece of Farming Activity. Kondapalli Showpiece of Village Thatched Blue Hut: [removed]. Kondapalli Pelli Pallaki. Sanjay Kaul launches experiential marketing agency for rural markets. HDFC Bank offers grants to social sector startups. Do you want to reduce Hair Fall and Increase hair growth:  ampx200B [img]kcs76dfbxn331 Onion Oil Use Herbal Shampoo regularly and herbal Oil Made with 25 Natural Herbal which has no side effects. which reduce your damaged hair dont use a chemical product it can smooth your hair but it damages your hair after a long time. [Sellers Store Online Buy Sellers Online at Best Price in India Flipkart.com]https//www.flipkart.com/sellersfetchId4b66f356ce6347f78d756fa7b6a9d069.HOLFH795UYZTWQQMamppidHOLFH795UYZTWQQM Beazard Herbal Onion Hair growth Oil is a perfectly blended of 100 Natural Oils and 18 Herbs like Red Onion Oil Rosemary oil Jojoba Oil Aloe vera oil Castor Oil Tea tree Oil Olive Oil Jatamansi oil Argon oil Juniper berry oil Cedarwood oil Lavender oil Kalonji oil Patchouli oil Aritha Oil Coconut oil Lemon oil and Almond oil. Beazard Onion Hair Oil helps to prevent hair fall increases hair growth and strengthens hair roots. It effectively fights against dandruff and itchy scalp. Also rich in antioxidants antibacterial and antifungal properties. Suitable For For Men amp Women. Suitable For All Hair Types. Applied For Hair Growth Antidandruff Healthy Scalp Hair Thickening Splitends Prevents Greying Antihair Fall Ingredients Onion Rosemary Jojoba Aloe vera Castor Tea tree Olive Jatamansi Argon Juniper berry Cedarwood Lavender Kalonji Patchouli Aritha Coconut Lemon and Almond. Onion Hair Oil with 18 Essential Oils for Hair Regrowths. ampx200B \onionoil herbaloil HairGrowthoil . How to start a Business Part2 MBA in 10 Minutes by Sandeep Maheshwar.... Allegation of siphoningoff Rs 98000 cr bizarre Indiabulls Housing Finance. Mr. DUDU TALKING TREE VISUAL TEACH FOR KIDS. Ministry of Corporate Affairs moves a petition to bar IFIN auditors for 5 years: A lesson to self If you want to undertake shady business do it under an affiliate company. If caught affiliate firm goes bust Parent firm survives.. How to Use GoPayment with QuickBooks POSTechnoidhub. How do you spend your earnings: How much are your approximate monthly earnings if you are comfortable with it and how much do you spend save and invest.... Your Search for Flats in Uttarpara amp Barrackpore Ends with New Kolkata. Bitcoin Ban in India Might Still Be Good for Crypto Assets Coin News Asia. 8010272272 Things You Should Know When Buying Office Space: [removed]. Why is English important And how English speaking classes can help you in improving your communication skills: [removed]. Amazon most trusted among Internet brands in India Study Latest News Gadgets Now. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Delhi. Hire or buy best Wireless Tour Guide System in Mumbai. Best English Speaking Classes in Chandigarh English Speaking Institute Spoken English Classes.. Die Punching Machine India Ravi Engineering Works: [removed]. The Metamorphosis of a Traditional Bath Experience: [removed]. Etikoppaka Toys. Hire or buy best Wireless Tour Guide System in Pune. How to Start a Online Business with No Money by Sandeep Maheshwari style...: [removed]. Gadwal Silk Saree with Buttis In Zari Checks Dark Blue: [removed]. Cream amp Dark Blue Traditional Handloom Gadwal Pure Silk Saree With Komma Border: [removed]. Buy or Hire Wireless Audio Guide Systems in Chennai. Search Engine Optimization Company Indigo Consulting. Yellow amp Red Designer Wear Handloom Gadwal Wedding Silk Saree With Silk Thread Buttis: [removed]. Blue amp Pink Traditional Handloom Gadwal Wedding Pure Silk Saree With Kuttu Border amp Zari Buttis. Mobile and Tablet App Design and Development Indigo Consulting. Top Wireless Audio Guide Systems in Delhi Tour Guide. India Air Purifier Market Anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 26.9 20192025. Red amp Blue Traditional Handloom Gadwal Wedding Pure Silk Tissue Saree Red amp Blue: [removed]. Top Wireless Audio Guide Systems on Rent in Mumbai. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Mfrs. Exporters India Ravi Engg. Works: [removed]. Turquoise Blue amp Pink Traditional Handloom Gadwal Cotton Silk Saree With Kuttu Border: [removed]. Wireless Audio Guide Systems in Pune Tour Guide. Textiles. Textiles. Web Design Company Content management System India Indigo Consulting. What are the most successful small businesses IDEAS2019 45 [Best Business Ideas] NDTVDNEWS. Why is everybody not talking about the ILampFS scam incompetence of Govt. and Private institutions and us people getting screwed Heres me trying to summarize the shitstorm.: Disclosure Im a fresher in the Audit/Assurance field and Im still salty af because I lost 10k in DHFL shares. Losing money in the share market is on me but indirectly it was because of the whole ILFS fiasco. Ill try to summarize this whole situation in short and simple before it gets too boring and how it affects all of us directly or indirectly. I will not even try to be technically correct because then Ill never finish typing this and try explaining the important stuff in laymans terms. What is ILampFS and why have I never heard of it before this whole thing From Wikipedia \ Infrastructure Leasing amp Financial Services Limited ILampFS is an Indian infrastructure development and finance company. It operates through more than 250 subsidiaries including IL amp FS Investment managers IL amp FS financial services and IL amp FS Transportation networks India Limited ITNL. Its projects include some of the largest infrastructure projects in India including Indias longest tunnel ChenaniNashri Tunnel which was opened for traffic in April 2017. The reason you never heard about them before is because financing and participating in infrastructure projects all over the country is generally boring stuff and doesnt make the news. Its not like trying to reach Mars or launch the next big consumer tech product. Major Shareholders \ Approx source [Shareholder report 2018]https//www.ilfsindia.com/media/2383/ilfsshareholdingpatternasonmarch312018.pdf 1. LIC 25 2. Orix Corporation Japan 24 3. ILFS Employees Welfare Trust 12 4. Abu Dhabi Investment Authority 13 5. HDFC 9 6. Central Bank Of India 8 7. State Bank of India 6 As you can see big chunk of it is owned by LIC employee trust and Indian Public and Private banks. Not to forget these are direct shareholders who will see fall in wealth because of lost value of ILFS and its subsidiaries. Lenders to ILFS will lose a lot of money too. ampx200B Major Lenders [source]https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/moneyandbanking/bankshave20000crexposuretoilfs/article26282929.ece Multiple Public and Private sector banks are exposed to ILFS and are at risk of not recovering thousands of crores theyve lended. These include Bank Of baroda State Bank of India Bank Of India from public sector and Yes Bank Kotak Mahindra Axis Bank HDFC and IndusInd from Private sector. ampx200B Liquidity crunch \ Liquidity crunch basically refers to inability to pay debt and debt interest because of lack of Cash and cash equivalents. ILFS group had overall Rs. 91000 Crore of Debt in its books. But to service it it does not have the liquidity. This it is not that ILFS is saying it has lost all money. They are saying theyve got assets and receivables to cover the debt and debt interest but they are unable to realize them and make the payments. Theyve defaulted on the payments multiples times. Like youve given your friend a 20k loan which he used to buy an antique item which might be worth 20k or more and he should be able to sell it to pay the loan back but right now hes got no cash to pay the dues and hes finding it difficult to sell the antique item. Hes kinda not broke but hes not able to make the payment. Not the best analogy but I think it does convey the point. ampx200B Scam \ There isnt an exact amount for scam or at least I couldnt find it with decent source and explanation like you see flying in Nirav Modi or Mallya case. But in a forensic report by Court appointed Grant Thornton India one of the big accounting services and consulting firms ranking after the BIG4 theyve concluded saying the the Committee Of Directors made up of Cofounders Managing directors Chairman and other directors were aware and participant of mismanagement misappropriations of company funds and fraud. [source]https//www.moneylife.in/article/whythedelayinactionwhengtreportpinsresponsibilityoncabaloffouratilfs/56535.html So company money borrowed from banks and other lenders was used for purposes other than stated when borrowing not following the industry and govt. rules for the benefit of company directors and third parties. Then in the end they were like sorry we cant pay back the debt haha its fucked up. ampx200B Incompetence of Public institutions \ SFIO The Serious Fraud Investigation Office has openly called out RBI for not taking action against ILFS on time. [From Economic Times]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/sfiosaysrbicouldveactedfasteronilfs/articleshow/69626233.cms \ Action at the right time may have prevented ballooning of the matter the SFIO said in its chargesheet on the ILampFS matter. It is observed that RBI had repeatedly pointed out noncompliance with the group exposure norms and wrong calculations of net owned funds NOFs in its inspection reports for the year 2015 onwards. No penalties were imposed during the period and subsidiary IFIN was allowed to continue operations without any corrective measures it said. It was only in November 2017 that the classification of group companies in order to arrive at NOF and credit to risk assets ratio CRAR as per RBI Act was strongly conveyed to IFIN said the chargesheet seen by ET. RBI should conduct an internal investigation as to the reason for the delay and take appropriate action and also take suitable policy measures to prevent such fraudulent action it said. ampx200B LMAO so RBI couldve taken all this seriously performed their duties and maybe the situation wouldnt have been so bad. There is no sense of accountability and clear display of incompetence but an internal investigation should suffice I guess. ampx200B Statutory Auditors \ First lets get a little background on auditing auditing firms and their work. Auditing services is dominated by the Big 4 EY Deloitte PWC and KPMG around the globe and in India. These companies offers everything from Auditing to consulting and advisory services for all industries functions and sectors. These are huge companies with thousands of employees in 100s of countries. After the big4 comes Grant Thornton and BDO. They are big but not anywhere near the size and power of the BIG4. Deloitte and its member firms were the auditors of ILFS group company along with EY. Auditor is appointed by the shareholders and report to the shareholders. An auditors job in simple terms is to give their opinion on whether the financials statements made by the management show a true and fair view of the company. So when a company reports it had 20000 thousand crores of revenue and 5000 crores of net loss it is the auditors job to verify and give their opinion whether these figures given by the management are good or not. FYI ILFS had 200 subsidiaries and different subsidiaries can have different auditors. These are generally smaller but reputed Indian CA firms. Now the amount of work done by the auditors to give their opinion the scope of audit audit remunerations etc good topics for discussion. But here it seems like Deloitte team had a good idea that ILFS was not operating like it should the financial statements did not show the true position of the company that they had serious corporate governance issues and they still provided a clean audit report for multiple years indicating that the Deloitte team is a culprit in this mess. Also just to add auditors are generally not changed by companies so frauds can do undetected for years. Deloitte had been auditing ILFS for around 10 years. EY was bought in as coauditors only a year ago iirc. It was the auditors job to report that cashflow issues were gonna pop up sooner than later but they did not do that. ampx200B A Joke that caught my eye \ Evergreening of Loans [source]https//www.livemint.com/companies/news/ilfscasedeloitteturnedablindeyetoifinsevergreeningofloansfor10yearsfindsprobe1559968561218.html ampx200B One of the ways the ILFS management cooked its books with Deloitte is referred as Evergreening of Loans. It sounds so stupid but turns out it was very effective lol. Basically when ILFS financed a project by lending they would have to show it in the books as amount receivable. They would continue to lend money for projects where they knew theyll never recover the money for personal benefits maybe and when the time of recovering money came and the other party couldnt pay back the amount theyll have one of their subsidiary companies fund the defaulting party who would then in return pay the original ILFS lender company. This way they never had to show these loans as NPA non performing assets in the books which wouldve had a negative effect on its profits and led to shareholders question the management policy of lending money to defaulting companies. Simple yet effective trick. ampx200B How all of this affects you \ It all leads to loss of investors and taxpayers money. It was the taxpayers money that the government uses to fund government banks which gives loans to shitty companies who never pay it back and the banks record it as NPA. If you directly held shares in any of the public/private sector banks they wouldve reported a loss on these lendings to ILFS leading to drop in their profits and their share prices. If you held shared in ILFS group companies directly you were fucked. If you invested in Mutual funds who bought the bonds and securities of ILFS which they defaulted on youve lost money. If your mutual held stakes in ILFS or any of the banks which lended money to ILFS youve lost money. Check your mutual funds to see their exposure to IFLS group companies. If you invested in other NBFC companies like I did in DHFL theyve been under lot of pressure and scrutiny. Raising new money has become more difficult to service their debts and I feel DHFL is going to die a slow death like Jet airways. I hope it doesnt. Thousands of people will lose their jobs in projects funded by ILFS in ILFS group companies itself and in companies directly affected by ILFS banks lenders. If only the company management had done their job ethically or had the auditors pointed this all out on time or had the authorities been a little more vigilant maybe all of this wouldve ended in a different way. ampx200B \ I tried to cover as much as I could as fast as I could. Im sure Im not 100 correct with everything here but I just wanted to put this out. Grammar maaf kardena pls.. Indian Lawmakers Propose Adoption of 10Year Jail Term for Crypto Dealings. Easy Business idea You Can Start With 1000 Rupees. Window Air Conditioner Winter Storage New York NY 10022. Consulting Firms in India Informative Website ebizinsider.com. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant. Airtels data plans make no God damn sense. Top AC Repair and Maintenance Company in New york. Mildy Shampoo Mildy ahf shampoo mildy shampoo buy online. VB7 HAIR Capsule vb7 hair tablet uses vb7 hair. Indias draft bill proposes a 10year jail sentence for using cryptocurrencies. more f5 hair oil morr pro serum morr f 5 buy online. Dasmesh Water Meters flow water meters water meters oil meters manufacturers india flow indicator manufacturers in india biggest water meters residential water meter manufacturers india amritsar domestic water meters: [removed]. How Deloitte turned a blind eye to IFINs evergreening of loans for 10 years. Hair Loss Science Signs amp Reasons for Hair Loss. Best Hair Loss Treatment for Female. To the 25 year olds living with your parents ...: Youre not paying rent. Youre not paying for food or electricity or water... All you have to do is manage your personal expenses. Why do you have to blow your entire salary on fancy shit you shouldnt be spending on... By the time youre 28 and getting married you have nothing saved. Probably because you spent all your money on a big fat Indian wedding.. Youre 25 making what 35k Do you really need one plus 7 pro right now With the credit card bill pending and your father probably paying your phone bill would you just man /woman the fuck up and get your shit together. Save something for your own sake Spend on medical insurance for once. And you really dont need those AirPods. Youre just out of college. Sincerely A 20 something year old with multiple steadily growing investments PS The wedding fund doesnt count as savings.. Luxury Apartments in Kolkata with Flora Fountain. Terracotta Clay Products. Top Certified Document Translation Services in Hyderabad. Trade Test Certificate: [removed]. Top Document Translation Services in Bangalore Language Translation. 10year jail for buying selling cryptocurrency in India Report. Top Certified Documents Translation Services in Delhi. Complaint against a bank employee: Hello everyone. Today my father and I had to go to our local Bank of India branch to upgrade my minor account to that of a major I have just turned 18. We brought all the required documents for the process but the teller refused to do the procedure. My father argued for a while and then got angry and wrote an application to close all the accounts which our family members hold in the bank. The teller did not accept that application as well and started abusing my father in vulgar language. He even threatened to lodge a complaint against us as we used the banks A4 paper for writing the application and that is illegal or something. This was the second time the same employee has misbehaved with my father. The last time the Branch Manager got on his knees and apologised to my father but it seems that had no effect on the employee. Since the Branch Manager was out on a leave we are going to meet him on Monday and report the incident. Is there anything we can do that ensures that the said employee gets some repercussion for his actions. Document Translation Services in Delhi. Terracota: [removed]. Scope for learning a foreign language is driving new ways: [removed]. Best HVAC Services in New York HVAC Repair Maintenance near me nyc HVAC Contractors HVAC Companies Winter Maintenance Heating Ventilation And air conditioning HVAC Duct Cleaning HVAC Maintenance Nyc Commercial HVAC Contractors Call Hitechcentral Air Inc Call 718 5777875. Terracotta Clay Products. Document Translation Services in Pune Translation Services. Indias Insane AntiCrypto Bill Proposes 10Yr Prison Sentence for Bitcoin Adopters. Want to build trust and discipline your kid Here are some useful parenting strategies that can help you.: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters India Jaikar Jaw Crusher Coal Crusher Grinding Mill Vibrating Equipments Conveyor Belts: [removed]. Effective interior designing hacks to make your space look bigger than usual.. Visit The Top 3 Unbelievable Archaeological Temples In India: [removed]. Gangakhed Sugar availed 328 cr through bogus crop loans ED. Confusion on Mediclaim Insurance Cashless hospitalization.: Im going in for a planned surgery next week. Ive filled in my insurance forms through the TPA desk at the hospital. The total estimate provided by the hospital is 3.7 Lakh. My insurance cover is 3.5 Lakh. I have agreed to pay the additional 20000Rs. However my insurance provider has only released 1.5Lakhs to the hospital. Does this mean they wont be covering anything more than that I have tried reaching out to the provider but am not getting any definite reply from them.. Discovery Holidays is One of The Best Luxury Travel Companies: [removed]. Hand Painted Terracotta Stool Blue. WEB Chain. Exclusive India Proposes 10Year Jail For Cryptocurrency Use May Introduce Its Own Digital Currency. Set of 2 Eco Friendly Decorative Terracotta Pen Stands. ParentChild Counseling Services in Chandigarh Parenting Workshops Parenting Management. Terracotta Clay Products. Set of 2 Earthy Terracotta Tea/coffee cups. Handmade Terracotta Earthern Water Jug. Die Punching Machine India Heavy Duty Die Punching Embossing Machine Manufacturer Suppliers Dealers Traders Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/: [removed]. Decorative Terracotta 4 Oil Lamp Stand: [removed]. Buy unique specialty amp rural products direct from makers Food Handicrafts Textiles Toys Jewellery Herbal and many more..: [removed]. BINARY OPTION TRADE: [removed]. Want To Know Top Water Related Business Models In India: [removed]. Shop at 499. LOF Leap Of Faith Womens Lycra Dhoti Pants Aladdin PantCombo of 3: [removed]. Does anyone know what the lifecycle of scrap that Bhangarwale people collect For instance who do they sell to who do those people sell to and so on: What happens to the scrap we sell to the people buying scrap on handcarts Who do they sell it to Is it recycled What happens then. IndiaChina trade will cross 100 billion Dollar Newsblare. India Video Surveillance Analytics Software Market 20182024. Dark Blue Daily Wear Block Printed Cotton Saree: [removed]. Do you know why Psychological classes/mind power training is important: [removed]. Top Mind Power Training Centers in Chandigarh Psychological Counseling. Fancy Green amp Brown Network Patterned Batik Printed Khadi Silk Saree: [removed]. Daily Wear Trendy Red Cotton Kurti For Women: [removed]. Housing to Book AC Apartments in South Kolkata. RBI scraps charges on NEFT RTGS transfers. Fire MockDrill At Midas Tower Hinjewadi Pune.  Hum Tere Shaher Mein Popular Ghazal.... Textiles. Textiles. Beige Trendy Daily Wear Cotton Kurti: [removed]. Daily Wear Trendy Grey amp Black Mangalgiri Cotton Kurti for Women: [removed]. Trendy Daily Wear Ivory Mangalgiri Cotton Kurti: [removed]. Quietly Baba Ramdevs Patanjali group has crept into Aravalli hills. FDI in services sector up 37 pc to 9.15 bn in 201819. RBI may make it three cuts in a row to boost growth. if i get money from my mom is that money taxable do i have to pay income tax: [removed]. A brief on Eicher Motors Parent Company of Royal Enfield stock: [https//harinandanravi.wordpress.com/2019/06/03/eichermotorsthestockilike/]https//harinandanravi.wordpress.com/2019/06/03/eichermotorsthestockilike/ ampx200B \ My view on Eicher Motors the parent company of Royal Enfield and whether you should consider investing or not.. Wireless Two Way Tour Guide Systems in Hyderabad Tour Guide. Two Way Tour Guide Systems on Rent Tour Guide Services. How do I choose a good criminal lawyer: [removed]. Two Way Tour Guide Systems in Mumbai Tour Guide System. Best HVAC Services in New York HVAC Repair Maintenance near me nyc HVAC Contractors HVAC Companies Winter Maintenance Heating Ventilation And air conditioning HVAC Duct Cleaning HVAC Maintenance Nyc Commercial HVAC Contractors. Top Two Way Tour Guide Systems in Pune Wireless Tour Guide. One Way Tour Guide Systems in Hyderabad Tour Guide System. One Way Tour Guide Systems in Bangalore Wireless Tour GuideGrotal. Best Criminal Lawyers and legal advisers in Delhi Advocates in Delhi. Advertisers looking for best Newspaper Advertising Agency can place your Advertisement in Newspaper through TheMediaCat.. One Way Tour Guide Systems in Chennai Tour Guide Dealers. Top One Way Tour Guide Systems in Delhi Two Way System. Government issues new rules for online shopping Newsblare. Top One Way Tour Guide Systems in Hyderabad on Hire. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer India Slag Crusher Machine Slag Crusher For Steel Plant Slag Crusher Manufacturer India Ball Mill Drum Stone Crusher slag crusher slag crusher plant grinding crusher stone crusher. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Tissue Culture Banana Tissue Culture Banana Plants Supplier Hybrid Agri. Shop Online for Luxury Fountain Pens at The Best Prices Lapis Bard: Explore the online collection of premium fountain pens at Lapis Bard that feature handcrafted nibs perfectly balanced forms and elegant designs. They make for the perfect gift for the modern professional who values style and quality above all else. Shop online for luxury fountain pens and get the best prices in India. ampx200B [Fountain Pen Online]https//www.lapisbard.com/writinginstruments/fountainpens.html. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/. Top One Way Tour Guide Systems in Pune Tour Guide System. Future Generali flags off PMFBY awareness campaign in Karnataka. Latest Collection Lichi Silk Saree With Weaving Jari With Price Rs.... Hybrid Agri. Astrologer in Jalandhar. More than 1 startup recognised every hour by government says Ramesh Abhishek. Best Startups In India Aeonian 2019 Entrepreneur Award Winners. Reasons why Linen is taking over Summer Fashion. How Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad can solve your problems in life with the help of black magic and vashikaran: [removed]. Language Interpretation Equipments in chennai Rental Services. Top Language Interpretation Equipments on Hire in Bangalore. Top 10 Language Interpretation Equipments on Hire in Delhi. Language Interpretation Equipments in Pune Rental Services. Top 10 Language Interpretation Equipments on Hire in Mumbai. Hindustan Newspaper Advertisement Booking Online for Agra City. Mahindras tractor sells decline 16 in May 2019. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant: [removed]. PI Industries Fiinovation extend sustainable agriculture project. Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad Vashikaran Specialists Black Magic Experts Payment After Work. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments on Rent in Hyderabad. Triple String 13 Inch Pearl Chain with Ruby amp Emerald Pendant. Stunning 5 String Multicoloured Crystal Beads Necklace. 6 String Ruby Necklace: [removed]. Buy/Hire Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Bangalore. Earrings amp Necklaces. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Chennai. Trendy Light Weight Traditional Oxidized Jhumkas with Pink Beads: [removed]. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi Bosch IR. Earrings amp Necklaces: [removed]. Hire or Buy Simultaneous Interpretation Equipment in Mumbai. Oxidized Hanging Earrings: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar. Eid Mubarak. Eid Mubarak. Foodtech unicorn Zomato announces 26week paid parental leave for men and women 1000 endowment per child. Govt probes IT and GST mismatch in crackdown against evaders. Help with F1 Visa interview question.: [removed]. Top 5 Digital Marketing Institutes in India Top Digital Marketing Courses. Swiggy launches subscription app Swiggy Daily for everyday homestyle meals. Kia Seltos SUV To Debut This Month To Rival Hyundai Creta Tata Harrier. IT JOBS IN HYDERABAD: [removed]. Quality Management System Compliance and Productivity Solution: [removed]. 1 Best Website Designing Company website designer Amritsar Award Winning SEO Company social media marketing professional WebWebsite designing company Amritsar client satisfaction. Top 10 Table top mics in Hyderabad Wireless Microphone. Interior Designers in Bangalore Best Interior Design Company. Top Wireless Delegate Microphones in Hyderabad on Rent. Top 10 Table top mics in Bangalore Wireless Microphone. Donald Trump yanks Indias developing nation status How it may impact the country Times of India. Top 10 Table top mics in Chennai Rental Wireless Microphone. Top 10 Wireless Delegate Microphones in Chennai on Rent. Top 10 Delegate Microphones in Delhi Wireless Microphone. Top 10 Table top mics in Mumbai Rental Wireless Microphone. BEST Live Project Training in Ahmedabad Ahmedabad Computer Education: [removed]. UPI transactions fall 6 in May. Kondapalli Decorative Showpiece of Women Drawing Water amp washing Clothes Near a Well: [removed]. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant. Top 10 Delegate Microphone systems in Mumbai Hire Online. Wireless Table Top Mics in Pune. Top 10 Table top mics in Pune Rental Wireless Microphone. Wireless Delegate Microphones in Pune. Top 10 Delegate Microphone systems in Pune Hire Online. Bride amp Groom. 6 Ultimate Tips to Select Best Mutual Funds for Beginners. Toys Sale Up to 60 off Toys amp Games Summer Hot Sale: [removed]. Bride amp Groom. Vistara plans to start international operations from second half of this year. India Dishwasher Market 20182024. Why is there UPI transfer limits on nonICICI bank app: As per ICICI \gt For UPI transaction done from ICICI Bank iMobile appthe maximum limit is Rs 1 lakh. A maximum of 20 transactions can be initiated in 24 hours from the first transaction. \gt For UPI transaction done from NON ICICI Bank UPI App the maximum limit is Rs 10000 in 24 hours. The limit will be calculated from the first transaction done. \gt NoteFor UPI transaction done from Google paythe maximum limit is Rs 25000 in 24 hours. \gt This may change from time to time and is subject to the UPI guidelines. I want to understand which guidelines allow ICICI to discriminate on the basis of app I can understand the security reasons but I can easily make payments 50k from other banks on third party apps. Also why is ICICI allowed to have different limit for different apps. Kondapalli Decorative Showpiece of Man Working on a Computer. Kondapalli Decorative Showpiece of Children Playing Traditional Board Game Ashtachamma: [removed]. Kondapalli Decorative Showpiece of Village Fruit: [removed]. Kondapalli Decorative Showpiece of Women Pounding Rice: [removed]. Eid Mubarak. Eid Mubarak. IDEA ADS Best SEO Company in Amritsar Top Seo Services Amritsar SEO Experts Top Digital Marketing Company Digital Marketing in Amritsar: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters India Jaikar Jaw Crusher Coal Crusher Grinding Mill Vibrating Equipments Conveyor Belts: [removed]. Trade unions oppose Karnataka govt exempting IT/ITeS sector from Industrial Employment Act. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/. Oil amp Natural Gas Corporation Limited ONGC Recruitment 2019: [removed]. indian youth . Subreddits for B2B product promotion Please read description below: Im interning for a company that manufactures security fencing solutions chain link/weldmesh fences security gates gabions etc. As a marketing communication intern my MBA summer internship project involves preparing articles to promote our products which are based on interviews I conduct with subject matter experts in the organisation. Im searching for platform recommendations on which to publish these articles. Also the costs that will be involved. Please comment below if any relevant subreddits exist wherein I could promote our products or where people with experience in B2B marketing congregate and may possibly guide me. Kindly PM with relevant inputs if you feel appropriate. TIA. 10 Tips to Keep your online bank account SafeTechnoidhub. How the Indian hospitality sector can up its game Source Forbes: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Heavy Duty Die Punching Embossing Machine Manufacturer Suppliers Dealers Traders Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/: [removed]. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters Suppliers and Manufacturers India Amritsar flow meters electromagnetic flow meter turbine flow meter vortex flow meter coriolis mass flow meter fuel flow meter flow switches: [removed]. Air Conditioner Preseason Cleaning New York ptac Tune Up NYC AC Tune Up NYC AC Preseason Cleaning AC Spring Cleaning Room AC Window AC ThrutheWall AC PTAC Units Central Air FCU WSHP Manhattan Bronx Queens Brooklyn Staten Island New York City NYC: [removed]. Atex explosion proof camera is an ideal solution for oil and gas industry: [removed]. Commercial realty growth is driving Bengalurus residential realty growth. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine. Fingerless Corrugation Machine India Amritsar Single Facer High Speed Corrugation Machine: [removed]. Goldman Sachs opens 250million Bengaluru office No 3 globally. binary option trade. ILampFS probe ED to quiz directors of 14 firms. NCLT approves Tata Steel takeover of Bhushan Energy. Any Category Managers here: Hi ampx200B Someone I know is looking into category management as a career option and has a few options. Looking for category managers either at ecommerce companies Flipkart Amazon or traditional superstores Big bazaar Walmart ampx200B Thanks. Get The Great Benefits of Abhayarishta Syrup: [removed]. Best 1 Crore Term Insurance Plans in 20192020: [removed]. Maruti Suzukis poor run continues in May 121018 units down 25. One of the biggest reason to use NetBanking. If you SBIcollect you should watch this. CCTV Camera Service in Gurgaon. 5 Best Super Top up Health Plans That Should be Considered. Horticulture production to be 315 mn tonnes in 201819. Indias first high oleic groundnut ready to go commercial. Top rated Migration agent in Perth Partner visa Student visa Settlers Migration Convert visitor visa to student visa in Perth Temporary Graduate visa Subclass 485 https//www.settlersmigration.com.au/: [removed]. Digielite Technologies: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar: [removed]. Learn about the Stock Market and how its work in Hindi Language by Himeesh Madaan. Learn about the Stock Market and how its work in Hindi Language by Himeesh Madaan. Best Love Problem Solution Expert in Ludhiana. Hyatt to open 14 new hotels during the next 24 months in India CRE Herald. Bangladesh is handling the Chinese smartphone onslaught way better than India. Sajjan Jindals steely resolve JSW Steel is on an expansion spree with demand expected to outstrip supply in the next 10 years. Ruchi Soya acquisition Patanjali Ayurved approaches PSBs to help fund its Rs 4350 takeover of edible oil firm Forbes India. Slowdown Blues Indias GDP tanks to 5.8 in March quarter loses fastestgrowing economy tag to China. Legalising cannabis could be one solution to Indias agrarian distress. Get start your advertise today in Newspaper Radio Digital Media and Cinema with TheMediaCat.. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Delhi. 2019 Best Bootstrapped Startup Award in 2000 startups participants event. Announced By Aeonian 2019.. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Chennai. Hire or buy best Wireless Tour Guide System in Mumbai. Is it important to take IELTS Coaching: [removed]. Hire or buy best Wireless Tour Guide System in Pune. Vaayu Compressor Cooler. Vaayu Hybrid Cooler with Compressor.: [removed]. Styling Master Class with Amandeep Kaur Linen Club. Best IELTS Coaching Centers in MohaliSpoken English Institutewith fee and contact details. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine: [removed]. Flipkarts Sachin Bansal joins Ujjivan Small Finance Bank as director.. Gongura Pickle: [removed]. Best HVAC Services in New York HVAC Repair Maintenance near me nyc HVAC Contractors HVAC Companies Winter Maintenance Heating Ventilation And air conditioning HVAC Duct Cleaning HVAC Maintenance Nyc Commercial HVAC Contractors Call Hitechcentral Air Inc Call 718 5777875: [removed]. LUT in GST India GetmyCA Letter of undertaking. Startup business ideas with low investment. Buy unique specialty amp rural products direct from makers Food Handicrafts Textiles Toys Jewellery Herbal and many more..: [removed]. Found an old magazine that had Nirav Modis Diamond Ad. Circa 2015.. Drumstick Pickle: [removed]. Veg Pickles. 5 Ultimate Factors Impacting Your Asset Allocation. Ginger Pickle: [removed]. Bitter Gourd Pickle: [removed]. End Of Preferential Trade Status For India Done Deal US Official. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/: [removed]. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturer India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/. Hotel Management Salary in India: [removed]. Tom Lee Says He Expects LEVEL 10 FOMO Fullblown As Bitcoin BTC Approaches 10K. are urgently in need of kidney donors in Fortis Hospital India for the sum of 2.5 Crores Indian Rupees: [removed]. Cleaning and sanitation / Surface sanitizer for office use. Voting Pads on Hire in Pune Audience Response System Grotal. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar: [removed]. Kala Jadu Experts in Bangalore Get Solution to all your problems.: [removed]. Top Voting Pads on Rent in Bangalore Best Market Price. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Hyderabad Voting Pads. Why is every customercare in India moving to 1860 number: Bigbasket did it a year ago now ICICI too seem to have moved now. The customer pays a premium amount to call these numbers from what I have gathered. Even when you have a plan where local/STD calls are free you are still charged for 1860 numbers. This trend is undesirable and I am worried that it will catch on.... ISM SMS Manual: [removed]. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Bangalore Voting Pads. Top Audience Response Systems on Hire in Chennai. RBI Allows Banks To Use Aadhaar For Know Your Customer KYC Verification 10 Things To Know. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Delhi Rental Services. Top Wireless Audience Response Systems on Rent in Pune. India Air Conditioner Market 20182024. Deccan Herald Classified Ads Booking in Gulbarga at Lowest Rates. Blue amp Beige Polyster Printed Door Curtain: [removed]. India Air Conditioner Market 20182024. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Mumbai Voting Keypads. Kala Jadu Experts in Bangalore Vashikaran Experts Best Astrologer. Lakshmi Idol. Pink Angry Bird Printed Smooth Cotton Bath Towel for Children: [removed]. Set of 4 Extra Large Quick drying Checkered Smooth Cotton Bath Towels. Set Of 3 Traditional Mens Cotton Dhotis with Red Violet amp Green Zari Border Red Violet amp Green Border. Set Of Two Green amp Purple Checks Cotton Bath Towels Green amp Purple. SpiceJet to expand capacity by 80 this year. Arvind fashions Partners with an Indian startup to offer a personalized shopping experience to consumers. School Children Earning while Studying Started ROK and ROL Business. ITS BECAUSE WE BELIEVE IN MAKING THINGS GREATER THAN THEY ALREADY ARE.... THATS IT. No one can separate you from your love Read how this is possible: [removed]. India Dapp Fest 2019: [removed]. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Pune Buzzer on Hire. Real Estate and Property Management Business in India. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Mumbai Wireless buzzers. Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Delhi Buzzer System. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Chennai Best deal in Buzzers. Financial Planning is like fixing an Exercise regimen Personal Finance for University Students. Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Bangalore Game Buzzer System. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Hyderabad Game Buzzers. TOP PHP Live Project Training Ahmedabad Computer Education: [removed]. Pearl Millets Flour: [removed]. Indian Residential Rental Property Management Services. Best Web Designing Training Institute In Amritsar Web Designing Live Project HTML5 Training CSS3 Training Web Designing Training Online Courses professional courses Learn responsive web design Amritsar. Finger Millets Flour: [removed]. Sorghum Millets Flour: [removed]. Little Millets Flour. Foxtail Millets Flour. Love Marriage Specialist in Hyderabad Best Astrologer Get your love back. Organic Millets. Top 5 Common Habits Which Are Obstacles To Your Financial Planning. Air Conditioner Preseason Cleaning New York ptac Tune Up NYC AC Tune Up NYC AC Preseason Cleaning AC Spring Cleaning Room AC Window AC ThrutheWall AC PTAC Units Central Air FCU WSHP Manhattan Bronx Queens Brooklyn Staten Island New York City NYC: [removed]. Indias Ather Energy raises 51 million to grow its electric scooters business TechCrunch. Like mobiles PCs made in India should meet local and global demand Intel. RBI extends last cutoff timing for RTGS transactions from 4.30 pm to 6pm. Was browsing Paytm and found this.. Theyre a step ahead of Amazon . How Modi Plan 2.0 will produce more jobs in 2019 Newsblare: [removed]. India Bank IFSC codes. Top Personal Loan in Kolkata Instant Loan Approval. You can easily Book Advertisement in Newspaper while sitting in your comfort zone.. Loan Against Property in Kolkata Property Loan. Business Loans in Kolkata Quick Loan for your Business. Best Mortgage Loan in Kolkata Low Interest Rate Loans. convert EML files to PST files from ignissta software. How to sell on flipkart . Home Loans in Kolkata Best Home Loan at low Interest Rate. OMG launches innovative fruit juices range. Bayer CropSciences profit declines in 201819. CropLife India makes dealers aware on counterfeit pesticide. JSF NABARD join hands to raise farmers incomes. TAFE signs Akshay Kumar as brand ambassador for Massey Ferguson. Automatic Corrugated Box Making Plant India Exporter Manufacturers Die Cutting Punching Machine Corrugation Plant Machinery Corrugated Board Making Plant Oblique and Vertical: [removed]. Take A Pest Control Before They Are Out Of Control Pest Control Services In Pune: [removed]. India Diesel Generator Rental Market 20172023. Pest Control in Pune Best Services Reasonable Rates Grotal.com. IndiGo profit soars in Q4 with Jet Airways grounded. 10 Important Things to Know Before Depositing in CoOperative Banks. zinc oxide manufacturers in India. Ragi Jaggery Biscuits Finger Millet Jaggery Biscuits: [removed]. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters suppliers digital water meter flanged end water meter woltman water meter accuflow water meters Dasmesh Water Meters Amritsar. Assorted Biscuits. 3 Boxes of Pearl Millet Biscuits Sajja Biscuits. 3 Boxes of Coconut Biscuits Kobbari Biscuits. 2 Boxes of Sorghum Sweet Biscuits Jonna/Jowar Biscuits. PIL against the operations of the Paytm Post Paid Wallet filed in Delhi HC.. Baba Ramdev raises heat on Amul Mother Dairy launches Patanjali toned milk herbal milk next.. Fake Universities in India.: Okay so I was going through some websites on Indian universities and stumble upon this piece of gold. http//imgur.com/gallery/c40h9QY So then out of boredom I head on to their official website and my God its a meme mine. www.iipm.edu Highly reccomend this r/riskyclick http//imgur.com/gallery/N6FzIfO And the real jackpot was the Facebook page. Head on to their Facebook page from their website. http//imgur.com/gallery/wppddHn What are some of the best ones youve seen. 2019 State of the OpEx Industry Report. We are from a leading Advertising Agency that provides affordable amp lowest advertising rate in all famous Indian Newspapers Cinema Radio and Digital Media Channels.. CCTV Camera Service in Delhi. GET SOLUTION TO ALL YOUR PROBLEMS IN LIFE WITH THE HELP OF WORLD FAMOUS ASTROLOGERS: [removed]. Wireless Silent Conference Systems in Delhi Rental Services. Silent Conference Systems in Delhi Hire Conference Equipments Grotal. Silent Conference Equipments in Delhi Conference System. Leather Puppets and Lamp Shades: [removed]. How Modi Plan 2.0 will produce more jobs in 2019 Newsblare: [removed]. Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata Black Magic Experts Famous Astrologers. Amla amp Curry leaves chutney powder. Can I pay my Indian savings and current business accounts income tax from my US bank account: I moved to the US and my Indian number connected to my Indian bank accounts accidentally shut down and since I received my verification code on it it doesnt work anymore and I dont have access to them. I now need to pay my last income tax and service tax in my Indian bank accounts. Can I do it from my US account Alternatively can my father pay my taxes if I transfer the money to his account. India Diesel Genset Market 20192025. Fried Chickpea Powder. Nalla Kaaram Chutney Powder. Lenskart Lenskart set to turn unicorn with likely 350 mn SoftBank funding. Pudina Kaaram Mint Leaves Chutney Powder. Kobbari Kaaram Coconut Chutney Powder: [removed]. rystal Globe for Career Success Financial Luck and Business Growth: [removed]. Nifty Sensex continue to ride Modi rally utilities financials lead. Kakarakaya Kaaram Bitter Gourd Chutney Powder: [removed]. Vistara promoters infuse more than 4000 crore over 12 months. Coriander Powder. Die Punching Machine India Heavy Duty Die Punching Embossing Machine Manufacturer Suppliers Dealers Traders Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/. Single authority for sanctioning processing GST refunds likely by August. How to Make Money on Reddit 2019 Earn Daily Passive Income Online Hindi. MY INDIA CAB SERVICE. NGO head dupes 2700 people held for over Rs 8 crore housing scam. Nita Ing If You Can Survive In India You Can Survive Anywhere. PRESUMPTIVE TAXATION SCHEME FOR SMALL BUSINESS MAN UNDER SECTION 44AE FOR AY 201920 in India. Dancing Doll. Set of 2 Earthy Terracotta Tea/coffee cups. Udayagiri Handcrafted Wooden Back Scratcher. Set of 2 Udayagiri Handcrafted Wooden Ladles. Smart Contract Development. List of affordable housing projects Gurgaon Real Estates Solutions. Paytm dispels the notion that payments banks cant be profitable in India. Mexican chain Taco Bell plans to build 600 restaurants in India. Website sell 7000 BTC with 70 Discount from compromised exchange Binance Hashnode. TCS edges past USbased DXC to become worlds 3rd largest IT firm by revenue. GlobalCoin and Indian restrictions on cryptocurrencies.. Alibaba And Vijay Shekhar Sharmas ECommerce Dream Is In Trouble.. Wireless Two Way Tour Guide Systems in Hyderabad Tour Guide. Imported Rangoli Border Tiles Manufacturer amp Exporters: [removed]. Product Engineering Solutions ampamp Consulting in India USA GlobalLogic. Goldsikka Jewels Pvt Ltd Start Trading with Gold and Silver..... Indias largest reputed Advertising Agency to book your ads in all Indian newspapers amp radio channels.. 5 Best Sectors and Stocks for Investing in 2019 and after BJP Massive Victory. Gold Rate in India. Web App Development UI Designer in Kolkata: [removed]. Non Container Shipping methods. What are Stable Coins USDT TUSD GUSD USDC and USDQ: [removed]. Lemon Pickle. Fish Pickle. Mango Pickle Magaya Pickle. High Court Metro Station Chennai. Was genuinely creeped out by how empty it was.. Amla Pickle. Chicken Pickle. Stock market wealth grew by Rs 75 lakh crore since Modiled NDA won polls in 2014 Times of India. Why Would A Failing Business Like Snapdeal Buy Another Failure Like Shopclues. Publishing of Text Classified and Display Advertisement in Newspaper is simple and easy for any categories.. Smart Interior Design Ideas to Make Your Home Look More Spacious. Wireless Voting Pads in Mumbai Best Price in India. Blackbuck National Park In Gujarat: [removed]. Wireless Voting Pads in Mumbai Audience Response System. Voting Pads on Hire in Mumbai Voting Pad dealers. Goldsikka Jewels Pvt Ltd Gold Build Plan Gold Chase Plan . industrial license in Qatar. 4 Successful Ways To Prepare Your Workforce For Digitalization:  Research has shown that more than 80 of the companies are for digitization and automation of their workforce. To make headlines in the [latest business news]https//connectgujarat.com/business/ tabloid you will have to adopt a lightning speed. In this article we bring to you four successful ways to prepare your workforce for successful digitalization. ampx200B Source [https//medium.com/harsh.solankey98/4successfulwaystoprepareyourworkforcefordigitalizationde2db598a555]https//medium.com/harsh.solankey98/4successfulwaystoprepareyourworkforcefordigitalizationde2db598a555 ampx200B gtBalancing The Old With The New Introducing new technologies to aid the workforce will diversify your workplace in a whole new way. Employees will have to adapt to new technological advancements. The employees should be motivated to look at the bigger picture and understand the needs of the new emerging economy and the needs of the customers. Along with the new advancements the traditional ethos and the culture of the company or organization should stay consistent too as it is one of the foundation pillars of the company on which it stands and grows. gtMake Way For Education With the onset of digitalization a new skill set is required for the employees. Several educational systems shall cater to the workforce of your company. This shall call upon companies to build newer programs workshops to develop inhouse these skills at the same time create ways for widening their funnel through industryacademia partnerships or maybe it is time for some new [startup investment]https//fundersclub.com/learn/guides/understandingstartupinvestments/startupequityinvestments/ by developing programs that will not only help you with the process of evolving but also of the people of your like. gtChanging Leadership Scenario The biggest demand will be made during and after the digitalization from the leadership. Not only will they be required to make sense of all the new updates and changes around but also lead their teams to embrace and capitalize on the changing dynamics. If the majority of these leaders may have themselves groomed in only in an analogue environment that would add to the challenge. Organizations will need to modulate their leadership development architecture to address the issues may arise. gtEmployee Anxiety and Building Trust While digitalization may create new jobs but will also put some jobs at risk this is expected to increase employee anxiety with regards to the prospect of job loss. Organisations will have to create a sense of security among employees while simultaneously empowering them to reskill to adapt to the new world. This is going to be one of the trickiest issues that employers will have to grapple with from time to time. One way to deal with this issue is to create a culture of adapting and exploring. In conclusion If the employers are given the element of job security along with intellectual resources digitalization of your organization may fulfill its purpose better thats skyrocketing your business.. Soundproofing Panels: [removed]. India Interactive Whiteboard IWB Market 20182024. India Men Grooming Market 20172023. Mango Jelly: [removed]. India Chocolate Market 20172023. Boondi Mithai. Assistance to Achieve in Printing. Coconut Stuffed Sweet. Web Ads. Camera market major player and why: I cant find any data but I have a gut feel that Nikon has a much bigger share of market than Canon in India. Any reasons why Marketing strategies. Oyo becomes secondlargest hotel group in China within 18 months of its foray into the country. All You Need To Know About UAEs Golden Card Scheme UAE Permanent Residency Program. AltBalaji is such a pathetic shithole of a company running on testosterone driven youths. They always such notifications.. how to get job on zomato and swiggy in india. Makeover Your Dining Table with Greenply Laminates [Veneers]. Best Trademark Law Firm in US by Lex Protector. Latest Tussar Silk Saree Annam Sathurangam With Price Rs 900/.... Kala jadu Experts in Mumbai Balck magic specialists pay after work. Book Ads in Newspapers at nominal rates.. The Hindu Display Classified Ads Booking with Top Ad Agency in Chennai. India Lead Acid Battery Market 20182024. India Structured Cabling Market 20182024. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipment in Delhi BOSCH Interpretation: [removed]. Post Ads for Free Online Classifieds Advertising Site in Gurgaon: [removed]. Choker Necklace. Fingerless Corrugation Machine India Amritsar Single Facer High Speed Corrugation Machine: [removed]. Pearl Necklace with Ruby amp Emerald Pendant. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi Bosch IR. Onyx Crystal Necklace with Ruby Pendant. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi. Flat Onyx Crystals amp Pearl Necklace: [removed]. 2019 JUNE NMIMS ASSIGNMENTS In order to highlight the role played by regulatory bodies Kabir s manager also asked him to analyse and present the role played:  Assignment Solutions Case study Answer sheets Project Report and Thesis contact [aravind.banakargmail.com]mailtoaravind.banakargmail.com www.mbacasestudyanswers.com ARAVIND 09901366442 09902787224 Financial Institutions and Markets 1. Mukesh wants to invest and diversify his portfolio in mutual funds bonds and debentures. Since he is unaware with these financial products he seeks advise from the Relationship Manager. As a relationship manager guide Mukesh on the above options stating the pros and cons of each of the investment vehicle. 10 Marks 2. Anita established a new software company. She is in need of capital for the company. Anita is unaware as to how she can raise fresh capital from the primary market. As a friend of Anita help her to know the various sources from which she can raise capital from the primary market. 10 Marks 3. a. Kabir has recently joined his dream company SEBI. Since he is a fresher his manager asks him to prepare a presentation on the role of SEBI in the financial market. Help Kabir with his presentation. 5 Marks 3. b. In order to highlight the role played by regulatory bodies Kabir s manager also asked him to analyse and present the role played by regulatory bodies in the Harshad Mehta Scam which shook the entire economy of our nation. 5 Marks Assignment Solutions Case study Answer sheets Project Report and Thesis contact [aravind.banakargmail.com]mailtoaravind.banakargmail.com www.mbacasestudyanswers.com ARAVIND 09901366442 09902787224. Golden Topaz Necklace: [removed]. 2019 JUNE NMIMS ASSIGNMENTS In case the conflict becomes dysfunctional also suggest two methods through which Karan can manage the same dysfunctional conflict.: [removed]. Agate Gemstone Necklace with Korean Pendant. Agate Gemstone Necklace with Pearl Pendant: [removed]. Earn 400 hundred paytm money just to signup just using my referral private message me for referral Timepass people stay away: Earn 400 hundred paytm money just to signup just using my referral private message me for referral Timepass people stay away. Top 5 Most Common Credit Card Fraud Techniques And How To Protect Yourself From This. Airtel Voda Idea lose 30 million customers Jio adds 9.4 million users in Mar. SYSTEM SECURITY amp ADMINISTRATION: [removed]. Amazon introduced flight tickets booking feature for its Amazon India website. It is also planning to start food delivery.: [removed]. Bosch Interpretation Equipment on Rent in Hyderabad Best deal. Bosch Interpretation Equipments in Hyderabad Simultaneous Equipments. Astrologer in Hyderabad Black magic specialist Vashikaran Specialist Payment after work. Black magic specialist Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad Payment after work. Vashikaran specialist Love Marriage Specialist in Hyderabad Payment after work. India Air Purifier Market 20192025. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialist in Hyderabad Payment After Work. Hurry Beauty Care Facial Kits From May Super Sale Techhark Shop: [removed]. Bajaj Finance crosses 2 trillion market cap as shares hit fresh high. LampT buys 73953 shares of Mindtree hikes shareholding to 26.53. Book a newspaper advertisement online in India at the lowest amount.. India Video Surveillance Analytics Software Market 20182024. Hexagon Storage Basket. US ban unlikely to impact Huaweis India telecom business India may allow it for 5G field trials ET Telecom. Square Storage Basket: [removed]. Oval Storage Basket. Square Storage Box Set of 3. Medicine Box. Gift Box. Free Shipping. Free Shipping. 5 Riders / Addon s That You Must Have in Your Term Insurance Plan. Road Safety Road Protection Material Manufacturer and Supplier. What happens when you transfer money from abroad to home country and how is it helping the countrys GDP growth. Ratan Tata started out in the family business shoveling up limestone... Now his company does 110 Billion USD . GOOGLE PAY LAUNCHES GOLD BUYING IN PARTNERSHIP WITH MMTCPAMP INDIA: [removed]. Investor wealth soars Rs 5.33 lakh crore as exit polls predict return of NDA govt. Broke college who fell of a bike and almost killed himself with no parents:  https//www.impactguru.com/fundraiser/helprishimalhotra help me with whatever you have i dont have parents just help me im in a big soup. Silent Disco Headphones in Bangalore Party Headphones: [removed]. Love Marriage Specialist In Mumbai Vashikaran Specialist Pay After Work. Advantages of opting for coworking office spaces in HSR Layout Bengaluru.. 2 and 3BHK Luxury Apartments with modern amenities: [removed]. Book Newspaper Ads with the special discount coupon and get 100 cashback on all newspapers.. Best Local Business Listing website Search Anything And Anywhere in India on Grotal and make your life easy. Millets. Silent Party Headphones Rental in Bangalore. Silent Party Headphones in Bangalore on Rent Best Price Guarantee. Finger millet Ragulu. Explained Sensex up 900 points what has calmed investors nerves. Stationery Market Size In India 20182024. Proso millet Varigalu: [removed]. Best Top 6 Challenges of Human Resource Management in 2019. Benefits of newly replaced teeth in single day implants. Little millet Samalu: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer India Slag Crusher Machine Slag Crusher For Steel Plant Slag Crusher Manufacturer India Ball Mill Drum Stone Crusher slag crusher slag crusher plant grinding crusher stone crusher: [removed]. Foxtail Millets Flour. Bitcoin memes: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Heavy Duty Die Punching Embossing Machine Manufacturer Suppliers Dealers Traders Exporters India Ravi Engineering Works http//www.corrugationplant.com/: [removed]. Best Swimming Pool Builders in Jalandhar. Best Hotel Management Institute in Delhi Indian Hotel Academy Hotel Management Salary in India: [removed]. Markets Live Sensex surges over 1000 points SBI Yes Bank lead gains. Best Digital Marketing Course In Delhi. Shillong Sightseeing Taxi and Cabs By Travenjo: [removed]. Indian stocks rallied the most in more than three years and the rupee and sovereign bonds climbed after exit polls signaled PM Modis ruling coalition is poised to retain power. Morgan Stanley says bullish on India cautious on China. Best Ways to Save Your Capital Gain Tax. Weight Management with Millets. Carved Pen Stand. Wooden Pen Stand. Cell Phone Stand. Rattle Toy. Seeing Jay Leno praise an Indian product makes you feel so good about us. Royal Enfield ladies and gentlemen:  [https//www.youtube.com/watchvhYzuqAX2A3A]https//www.youtube.com/watchvhYzuqAX2A3A. Trade with Binary and get 100 profit in 7hours: Hello Everyone This is what we do here ampx200B Give iqoptions binary optiondigital option and Forex signals to traders and they all make moneyall signals dropped here are FREE. However some cant tradeor maybe some have bad networkand some cant meet up with timeSo to totally avoid risk of losing money you will allow me to trade for you and get you much more profit in one weekmy job is trading for Investorsif i trade for you i will only take 15 of the total profit i get for you And the rest is yoursIf you want to know more or ask questions [JOIN NOW]https//t.me/joinchat/AAAAAEWJtA3TZnpsGaMTQ ampx200B Welcome to the Millionaires chambers ampx200B ampx200B https//i.redd.it/apog7guui6z21.jpg. How to trade and make 100 profits with binary.. 16 Wheeler Trucks in India New Craze 12x2 or 10x2 TrucksBuses.com. Services List Web Design SEO and Multicolor Offset/Commercial Printing Amritsar. Spencers Retail acquires Godrej Natures Basket in Rs 300 crore allcash deal. Get Home Loan with Prime Minister Accommodation Scheme PMAY 4.79 p.a. Credit Linked Subsidy Scheme: [removed]. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. How is TecTantra capturing the market by offering responsive mobile apps: Today we see how the businesses introduce responsive mobile app in order to take up their business online. Is just developing an app enough which appears attractive Basically an inclusive mobile incorporates many significant features that are imperative to take the business to a next level. ampx200B [Mobile App Development in Noida]https//i.redd.it/i32d36bmmyy21.jpg ampx200B [TecTantra]http//tectantra.com/ is out there to solve all riddles behind a fullfledged app that everyone desires for. A highly skilled group of people associated with the company claims to craft an app that helps to reach out your targeted audience better. There are many aspects which we consider while commencing mobile app development project. First we keep the design clean and elegant so that every common user can get a clear overview of the company through the app. We use vibrant colors and bold style icons that can clearly convey the message. We put special efforts on user interface which is undoubtedly the most important aspect of mobile app development. Because a simple and handy interface decides how long the user stays on the app. Next comes to app update. As we endeavor to make the thing more advanced technically we update the app regularly by adding newly features. As the social media ensures the faster promotion of anything. We leverage social media integration with the app. This helps to generate brand recognition and trust of the company on social media platform. By implementing the current marketing practices like SEO PPC amp SMO and email marketing mobile app helps to boost traffic. Besides developing the mobile applications [TecTantra]http//tectantra.com/ offers webdevelopment webdesign ecommerce development CRM development and so on.. The Free opensource HR software that suits Indian business management and organization. Top 7 Upcoming Exhibitions in India In 2019. furnished office space for rent bengalururent shared office space bangalore. best shared offices in bangalore hsr layout Visit the www.venturestudios.in. TRAI mulls regulating apps streaming TV channels. Infosys awards 50 million shares to employees as performance incentive gives stock worth 40 million to COO. 11 Things to Check Before Taking Possession of Luxury Apartments. Searching for the Best CA Classes in Borivali / Andheri Your search ends here.... Know Apartments Interior Design trends to stay ahead of the curve in 2019. Most Beautiful Kalam Ae Hasnan ke Nana Dil Kash Ramzan Naat Sharif. Bharti Airtels 25000 crore rights issue oversubscribed.  Join Helpmirrior New LaunchIng Helping platform 23rd May Coming Soon : [removed]. New Holland Agriculture shines at Indian Tractor of the Year Award. Rice exporter GRM acquires processing plant near Mundra Port. Do you know Vashikaran Mantra is the key to successful relationships: [removed]. Book Ads in Newspaper at Nominal Rates. Gold Chase Plan Goldsikka Jewels Pvt Ltd Hyderabad. Complex Store. SBI FD Calculator Calculate Maturity Value of Your SBI Fixed Deposit Investment. Searching for the trusted gold buyer in Delhi and Gurgaon: [removed]. Love Marriage Specialist in Delhi Vashikaran expert Black Magic Specialist. Fish shaped Wooden Combs Set of 2: [removed]. Fish Shaped Wooden Tray: [removed]. Designer Knife in wood. Lamp Holder In Wood. TMSA Navigational Audit. Carved Pen Stand in Wood. Love Marriage Specialist in Delhi Vashikaran expert Black Magic Specialist. Gujiya Mould amp Gnocchi Board in Wood. Audience Response System on Rent in Delhi. Audience Response Systems Rental in Delhi. Chicken Pickle. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Delhi Rental Services. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters. Baby Car Ride Wholesaler in Delhi. Top Interior Designers in Bangalore The KariGhars: [removed]. Are banks shying away from offering RuPay cards to affluent customers. 7 Indian pharma companies face lawsuits from over 40 US states. You Might Not Be Able To Book One But Brits Can Now Book Olas Green Auto In Liverpool[Old article26/3/19]. Join the Biggest Helping Plan with INR and BTC: Join the Biggest Helping Plan with INR and BTC. Small helping portfolio with long term sustainability and eligibility helping module. ampx200B Start with 5000 INR or 0.01 BTC and Get Help of double 0.02 BTC / 10000 INR ampx200B 25 Maturity Days ampx200B 30 Instant referral on downline completing commitment ampx200B Eligiblity Give help plans after successful maturity ampx200B Hurry Up Fresh new concept arrives in India Sri Lanka China Japan Neiherlands Germany and France. ampx200B Contact Abhinav Sharma Whatsup 9008755845. OnePlus is paying for Robert Downey Jr. ads instead of waterproof certification. Your Management Definition.: [removed]. Buy 2BHK 3BHK Flats Plot Property in TriCity: [removed]. From 2014 to 2019 How the Adani Groups footprint expanded across India. Join Helpmirrior New Lunched Helping Platform..Contact Abhinav sharma 9008755845:  Join the Biggest [\Helping]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/helpingsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAG Plan with INR and BTC. Small helping portfolio with long term sustainability and eligibility helping module. Start with 5000 INR or 0.01 BTC and Get Help of double 0.02 BTC / 10000 INR 25 Maturity Days 30 Instant referral on downline completing commitment Eligiblity Give help plans after successful maturity Hurry Up Fresh new concept arrives in [\India]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/indiasourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAG Sri Lanka China Japan Neiherlands Germany and France. Contact Abhinav Sharma Whatsup 9008755845 [https//helpmirror.com/rrefabhinav]https//l.facebook.com/l.phpuhttps3A2F2Fhelpmirror.com2Fr3Fref3Dabhinav26fbclid3DIwAR0bYyPTiHz0scWmGdBD9dq2HJzNuLPBE0B6SVujsNAgnnzU74fdmubslkamphAT3IYDXfCnZAD04tvfNikGqOUcz4LZObtNV3eyOBmwQMI9FRX8QTtBaM8HCqxEFFdtIq8VZTsWfiC0hg2gIug0G7S1MM85gPgGULJIZFK1WJewt8UAaRZYdYTo3egVBcCyKUuJ9IJGbCaK8jJ9CRZiGTlA7M. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai. Apply For Visa with Discovery Holidays Best Corporate Tour Agency: [removed]. Hire or Buy Simultaneous Interpretation Equipment in Mumbai. Enjoy Point Of Sale Software For Your Repair Shop Business: [removed]. IndiGo cofounders Rahul Bhatia and Rakesh Gangwal in dispute hire law firms.. WhatsApp Security Hacked Does updating really make it safe to use. India Men Grooming Market 20172023. Digital marketing services. Publish Your Advertisement in Deccan Chronicle Newspaper. Chocolate Market Share In India 20172023. Open your own Online Payment Gateway FREE FREE FREE . New Arrival Collection Step Riser Ceramic Border Tiles Floor Tile: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/w36td33voiy21.jpg [New Arrival Collection Step Riser Ceramic Border Tiles Floor Tile]https//www.orceramic.com/bordertiles.html ampx200B Check out our best and new Tile Designs. Or Ceramic Tiles have New Arrival Collection of [Ceramic Step Riser Tiles]https//www.orceramic.com/stepriser.html Floor Tile Border Tiles Digital Wall Tiles are available on cheapest price. OR Ceramic Tiles is an Indias biggest ceramic tiles manufacturer amp exporters company offers a wide range of unique and new designs step riser border tiles rangoli GVT/PGVT digital wall tiles for kitchen bathroom floor living room amp outdoor to make your place more attractive. We are suppliers manufacturers exporters traders of Border Tile for buying in Mizoram West Bengal Tripura Jammu Kashmir UP Tamil Nadu AP Bihar Punjab India. ampx200B Call 91 9913033390 ampx200B Ceramic [https//www.orceramic.com/]https//www.orceramic.com/. IndiGo promoters Bhatia Gangwal differ over airlines control performance. ILampFS provision hits Indian Bank. MG Motor unveils Hector SUV in India bookings start next month. SoftBank leads 200 million investment in Grofers. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. We offering discounted rates in your city Now book Ads in Newspaper Radio DigitalMedia etc. Powerful vashikaran Specialist in Pune Pay after work. Financing Your Home in an Urban Area is now Feasible with a Home loan. universal quick technology BEST Website Designing: [removed]. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. How BookMyShow prepared for the massive demand for Avengers Endgame. Are We Indirectly Paying Credit Card Companies From Our Pocket For Using Credit Card Or Debit Card. How to select Interior Design Colors Interior Designers in Bangalore. Oxidised Metal Chain with Peacock Pendant: [removed]. Short Multicolor Pearl Necklace. Short Black Disco Beads Pearl Necklace: [removed]. 3 String Pearl Necklace: [removed]. 957 i aM dA mAn Of My WeRd. Hairband with Coloured Stones. Wireless Voting Pads in Delhi Audience Response System. Wireless Voting Pads in Delhi Voting Pads on Hire. Digital Marketing AgencyDigital Marketing company Pune India. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi. Audience Response System: [removed]. Use These Marketing Tips and Tricks to Grow Your Franchise. Upcoming Luxury Apartment to Book 4 BHK Flats in Kolkata. Indian Ethnic Wear Saree: [removed]. Top 10 Undervalued Stocks to Buy Capitalante.com. [Indian techie] I finally understood why my job exists.: My job exists because we create value by perfecting the model of delivering business processes as an outsourced service from a remote location. The benefits for my company are flexibility and speed to market access to a competitive pool of talent the highly educated and relatively lowcost Indian knowledge worker and the freedom to redirect resources to core strategic activities.. Mukesh Ambani Buying The 259 Y/O Hamleys Highlights How India Might Be Doing A Reverse Colonising. Survey on digital policy servicing in Indian Insurance industry https//www.surveymonkey.com/r/DSTQSCY: [removed]. Paytm launches its own credit card.. Black magic specialist in Delhi Vashikaran Expert payment after work. Best MBA Tutions in Mumbai: [removed]. Black magic specialists in Delhi Vashikaran Expert payment after work. Best Astrologer in Ludhiana Call Pt. Desraj Sharma 919814083014.. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Vashikaran Specialist in Delhi Black magic specialists pay after work. Newspaper Advertising Agency in India: [removed]. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Payment After Work. Paytm First Card Launched in Partnership With Citi a Credit Card With Universal Unlimited Cashback. Best Home amp Villa Interior Designers in Bangalore Decorpot. Heres a closer look at Paytms first ever credit card. 5 Financial Steps You Must Take When Planning to Start a Family. Top 10 Best Free WooCommerce Plugins Liquid Web Managed WooCommerce Ho.... IP Consultation Services in India. Infosys Foundations ECRA license canceled... India Lead Acid Battery Market Size amp Share 20182024. Less is more for Vodafone Idea and Airtel but not enough. Catia training in lucknow: will you know Computeraided design make use of computers to createmodify and analyse or optimize of a design. therefore there many numbers of software created to increase the productivity of the user and it also improve quality of design.know more... [http//www.sicces.co.in/cadd/everythingyoumustknowaboutcadcomputeraideddesign/]http//www.sicces.co.in/cadd/everythingyoumustknowaboutcadcomputeraideddesign/. Indian Ethnic Wear Saree. SIP Abacus: [removed]. April angst Slide in auto sales steepest in 8 years. This product on Amazon will become expensive once The Deal of The Day offer ends: Black amp Decker KS900EKX 600Watt Variable Speed Slightline Autoselect Pendulum Jigsaw https//www.amazon.in/dp/B00E1IQWX6/ Not sure why it happens but it seems its not a deal for anyone but Amazon.. A client of mine from the UK is paying a sum of around 50k INR. PayPal takes too much of a cut is there a more efficient way If so how: [removed]. Indias 10 trillion target Forbes India. Luxurious 2 BHK flats in Kondhwa Pune: [removed]. India Just Posted the Worst Car Sales Data in Eight Years. Best Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai Black Magic Experts Pay After Work. Best Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai Black Magic Experts Pay After Work. Silent Disco Headphones for Rent in Bangalore. Silent Disco Headphones Rental in Bangalore. Structured Cabling Market In India Patch Panel Copper amp Commercial Cable 20182024. MCX BULLION TIPS BY LEADING MARKET RESEARCH amp ADVISORY.. Wireless Tour Guide System Rental in Delhi. Hurry Kids Toys amp Beauty Facial Kits Up To 40 Off May Super Sale Techhark: ampx200B [img]sme8nw10ixx21 [Hurry Kids Toys amp Beauty Facial Kits Up To 40 Off May Super Sale Techhark]https//techhark.com/ May Super Sale Up To 40 Off Extra 5 Off on Kids Toys and [Beauty Facial Kits]https//techhark.com/beautyandpersonalcare.html from a great selection of Baby Soft Toys Sound Toys Barbie Dolls Remote Control Toys Gold Facial Kit Diamond Facial Kit Facial Kit Fruit Facial Kit Beauty Beauty Care Oxy Glow Facial Kits Charcoal Facial kit products. Best Sales Prices on Our Online [Techhark Toys]https//techhark.com/toys.html and Beauty Store. Gift For Baby Girls amp Boys Indoor and Outdoor Toys amp Games. ampx200B Shop [https//techhark.com/]https//techhark.com/. Tariff wartorn telecom sector may see recovery this fiscal. Wireless Tour Guide System Hire in Delhi. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Delhi. furnished office space in bangalore for rent by the venture studios. New Kind of Slavery: So Indian Kirana shops will be indirectly under reliance in the garb of dgigitization. Wow. ampx200B [https//www.livemint.com/companies/news/reliancewillchangethewayyoubuythingsdigitise5millionkiranashopsby2023report1557642102043.html]https//www.livemint.com/companies/news/reliancewillchangethewayyoubuythingsdigitise5millionkiranashopsby2023report1557642102043.html. Create India Map chart with your data.. Preferred Share Vs. Common Share Capitalante.com. Landmark London toystore Hamleys bought by Asias richest man Mukesh Ambani. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. famous Interior designers in Bangalore HSR Layout Decorpot. Luxury 1 BHK Flats in Pune. Warm Shell office space available on rent pune. Paytm Founder Vijay Shekhar Sharma Youngest Indian Billionair In Hindi. New worry as factory output shrinks in March. Features of the Best Bulk SMS Service Provider in India. How to Earn Money Intro How to become Rich in India. How To Make Money Online in India 10 Ways verified. Samsung Pips OnePlus in Indias Premium Smartphone Market Counterpoint. 6 Best ReCommerce Websites to Sell out Your Used Items. Top 20 Share Marketing Services in Gurgaon Share Brokers. Key things you must know about NEFT IMPS and RTGS before digital money transfer and the key difference between them.. Handicrafts. Top 20 Share Brokers in Gurgaon Stock Brokers Grotal.com. Broadband Internet Plans in Kakrola Delhi. Beyond Demonetisation GST amp IBC Ajay Bhat Monnet Ispat: [removed]. Jute Water Bottle Bag. Slag Crusher Plants Manufacturers in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Jute Sling Bag. Jute Cell Pouch. Round shaped Jute Bag. Jute Market Bag. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Ludhiana. Corrugated Packaging Material: [removed]. Book 4 BHK Flats in Kolkata Developed by Alcove Realty. How to Improve Productivity in an Organization. Water Fountains Dealers in Jalandhar. Jute Tote Bag. Kalamkari Jute Hand Bag. Pest control Service in Chennai. Jute College Bag. Water Fountains Manufacturers in Himachal. Can we talk about sustainable development goals and connect it to CSR: [removed]. Best Manufacturing ERP system. Become your Life and Business CEO.. Best Offshore Development Centre Offshore Development Company. Double Profile Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India. Infosys effects parking fee deduction in staff salaries. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. How to improve your crypto trading skills without risk: Hello mates Ive just launched the project which idea Ive been nursing for the longest time. It is about trading cryptocurrencies virtually so to say makebelieving. Now people can learn first hand what it feels like to own cryptocurrency but in a safe manner. Imagine you can learn to trade without the risk of losing real money This project was initially meant to train and introduce crypto to beginners not to make money at. Moreover my team and I have already found the sponsors who feel up to hold their contests and to reward the winners with real Bitcoin and Ethereum following the results. https//i.redd.it/2xu4wb6lk6x21.png For now weve set up a site and even run the first 450 contest with Zabo which will last for 2 weeks. Weve conducted a fair number of tests options of buying and selling of digital money function correctly. Weve already created accounts on Social Media and are about to set up targeted advertising there. Besides we are looking to develop rubrics and sections on the website with courses and FAQ for different Blockchain spheres. For those who are not indifferent go to the site [papercrypto.io]https//www.papercrypto.io/ share your ideas propose changes and improvements If its no bother estimate the design and the usability of the site. CampC appreciated This will significantly help to promote our product and to find likeminded fellows. Thanks for your time guys. Do you know why waterproofing is important: [removed]. Branding done right with www.webclusion.com. Top 5 Build Care Waterproofing Solutions in Kochi Ernakulam Grotal. Vashikaran Astrologer in Jalandhar. Customized Carton Boxes: [removed]. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Chennai. Government fooling people on GDP data P. Chidambaram. Digital Marketing Agency. Places to Visit for a Thrilling Singapore Cruise Trip This Summer: [removed]. Discovery Holidays is Your Destination for Affordable Group Tours: [removed]. Wireless Language Interpretation Equipments in Chennai. youtube promotion company in hyderabad NSSR Digital Infotech: [removed]. Language Interpretation Equipments in chennai Rental Services. India Diesel Generator Market Size amp Share 20192025. Top 5 Contractors in Kochi Ernakulam Grotal.com.  ... The Days Of Free UPI Money Transfers May Be Ending.. thinking of returning to India just had a few questions: [removed]. India unlikely to ban crypto says Zebpay CEO. How to start Intraday Trading for Beginners 2019: [removed]. Top 10 Tips to Learn Stock Trading as a New Investor: [removed]. Why Coworking Will Give Your Business A Huge Edge. Register for Free job websites for employer on IOJ. Room Air Conditioner AC Market In India Window amp Split 20192025. Top 5 Common Habits Which Are Obstacles To Your Financial Planning. pootharekulu: [removed]. Pumpkin Fritters Vadiyalu: [removed]. Wireless Tour Guide Systems in Mumbai. One Way Tour Guide Systems in Mumbai. Masala Peanuts: [removed]. Sesame Laddu Nuvvula Undalu. Two Way Tour Guide Systems in Mumbai Tour Guide System. Coconut Stuffed Sweet: [removed]. Pizza Boxes: [removed]. Adding new types of planes complicates an airlines operations. Why then are SpiceJet and Vistara doing it. Dhanuka Agritech launches new products for paddy cotton amp chilli crops. Borupalem Ghee Bobbatlu: [removed]. Top 20 Summer Camps in Dehradun for kids and teens. verified travel leads: [removed]. Green Gram Papads. Laddu. Foxtail millet Mixture: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Die Punching Machine India Manufacturer Exporters Ravi Engineering Works. SBI Card raises 700 crore from banks including parent bank to fund growth. SBI Card raises 700 crore from banks including parent bank to fund growth: [deleted]. learn stock market. High Speed Bearing Mounted Oblique Type Corrugation Machine SUPER SUJATA Brand. Own a piece of prime land in North Bengaluru with Salarpuria Sattva Serene Life: [removed]. Major Ramzan crisis for Indian Muslims no RoohAfza in the market. Two Way Tour Guide Systems in Bangalore. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore. One Way Tour Guide Systems in Bangalore Wireless Tour GuideGrotal. Wooden Raamayan Set. Multicolor Ceramic Digital Border Tiles Manufacturer amp Exporters: ampx200B Processing img 60hamkublrw21... [Multicolor Ceramic Digital Border Tiles Manufacturer amp Exporters]https//www.orceramic.com/bordertiles.html OR Ceramic Border Tiles is an Indias biggest Border tile manufacturing amp exporters company offers a wide range of elegant digital wall tiles border tile step riser rangoli tiles for kitchen bathroom. Find here online price details of companies selling 10 x 3 Inch 12 x 3 Inch 18 x 3 Inch [Border Tile]https//www.orceramic.com/. Get info of suppliers manufacturers exporters traders of Border Tile for buying in Mizoram West Bengal Tripura Jammu Kashmir UP Tamil Nadu AP Bihar Punjab India. Call 91 9913033390 Tiles [https//www.orceramic.com/bordertiles.html]https//www.orceramic.com/bordertiles.html. Top 20 Sealing Machine Dealers in Ahmadabad. Top 20 Strapping Machines Dealers in Ahmadabad. Astrologer in Jalandhar. Wooden Balaji Idol: [removed]. Wooden Gajalakshmi Panel Colored. Zebpay India Banning amp Australia Landing. Akshay Kumars scheme. Intellectual Property Consultation India. Hello friends I am currently doing a survey . If possible please fill our this form . Would definitely appreciate it .. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Internet Banking Survey India Only: [removed]. Rama Traditional Super Net Kota Cotton Saree Gotta Patti Wedding Sari. Wooden Key Holder: [removed]. Wooden Key Holder. We are KheloMCX. Most required Commodity Advisory in India: [removed]. Kalgudi provides services in selling fine quality products manufactured by DWCRA and Velugu Self Help Groups in multiple markets. Kalgudi also enables SHGs to develop entrepreneur skills to compete in global markets. gtgteMahila gtgtKalgudi https//kalgudi.com/store/product/list/FOODPRODUCTS. Criss Cross Bamboo Pipe Wall Flower Vase. Wooden Krishna Idol Colored: [removed]. Quality Salt Salt Tablets Mineral Blocks amp Water Treatment Chemicals. Case Study on Social Entrepreneurship these Days. Venture Capital Financing Methods Funding Process Features. Indias Service Sector Growth Hits 7Month Low Survey. How to make any business a Valuable Brand. Kalgudi: [removed]. Fingerless Corrugation Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Wooden Rolling Pin. Wooden Chopping Board: [removed]. Wooden Chopping Board. Lamp Shade. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Hyderabad. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments on Rent in Hyderabad. Iron Tawa. Earthen Water Jug. Opinion Tata and Jet Airways What goes around comes around. Case IH to launch coffee harvester in Africa. sant rampal ji: [removed]. Spotify Indias MD on going hyperlocal. SingleJodiKaBaap: [removed]. What You Need To Know HDPE Pipes. The PDCA Cycle V1.2. Best forage harvesters of Gomselmash. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. Why Should You Opt to Fiber Optic Broadband over Other Internet Technologies: [removed]. Best Waterproofing contractors waterproofing contractors.. office space in hsr layout The bangaloreaffordable office space Bangalore by The Venture Studios. Indra Nooyi joins Amazon board of directors. BK Group of Institutes. Debt Financing Vs. Equity Financing Capitalante.com. OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE QUICK MONEY. CRED App Review for Credit Card User must Read. RBI slaps penalty on Vodafone mpesa PhonePe and 3 others. what is Credit Card and how to Apply online in Hindi. Cirris Systems 4200 Series Test System. Slag Crusher Plants Manufactured in India Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Residential Projects Near EM Bypass to Book Luxury Apartments. Crochet Lace Overcoat with Sleeves. Want to Benefit in Government schemes such as easy loan extended credit facilities the free opening of current bank account etc. The solution is MSME Registration. Big Four audit firms barred from practising law offering legal services. Do you know the advantages and disadvantages of using Plastic Containers: [removed]. Sleeveless Crochet Lace Overcoat. Construction Contractor in Gurgaon. Beige Cotton Kurti. Die Punching Machine Manufacturer Fingerless Corrugation RS4 Corrugation Machine Manufacturer. Select code 100TMNC amp get up to 100 cashback on your 1st newspaper advertising. Avail Now. Health And Personal Care. Mangalagiri Top with Kalamkari Patch. Silent Disco Headphones Rental in Pune. Plastic Product Manufactures in Varanasi Best plastic household items manufactures Grotal.com. Silent Party Headphones in Mumbai on Rent Best Price Guarantee. No Funds To Replace Engines Air India Grounds 20 Planes. Book Your Silent Disco Headphones in Pune Silent Party Night. Contact Details of Female to Male Massage Center in Mumbai. Get amazon voucher worth rs 750 for free.: [removed]. Gadwal Pure Silk Saree With Temple Border: [removed]. Silk Sari With Checks: [removed]. Pepsi withdraws Indian potato farmer lawsuits after political pressure. Free Video Reveals Weird Secret to generate regular income on youtube without creating your own video.. Bata fined Rs 9000 for forcing customer to pay Rs 3 for paper bag. MBA XAT CAT XLRI cutoff: Dear Readers I have some questions regarding XLRI Jamshedpur. ampx200B 1st Questions 10th cutoff 12th cutoff Degree cutoff XAT cutoff ampx200B 2nd question Does it effects your joining if you have gap of couple of years 3 years to be precise ampx200B AND LAST2013 107.2cgpa 2015 12 43.33 20152018Gap 2021 BBA Management HR specialization FCDif with multiple certification Internships amp Projects and a good percentile in XAT Should I have hopes to join XLRI ampx200B any suggestions . Voting Pads on Rent in Chennai Hire Voting Pads Grotal.com. Voting Pads on Hire in Chennai Audience Response System. Interior Designers in Rajajinagar Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Rajajinagar. Book Newspaper Advertising at Nominal Rates. Voting Pads on Hire in Chennai Auidence Response System. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India. Why company registration is important for a company: [removed]. office space for rent hsr layout by The venture studios. Magnetic Driven Multijet Water Meter Dasmesh Water Meters. 24 Hour Taxi Services in ChandigarhTaxi Service Tricity. 6 Cursed Items From Around He World You WonT Want Anywhere Near You Wrytin. Short Blue Beads Necklace. 24 Hour Taxi Services in ChandigarhTaxi Service Tricity. Start Earning From Home: [removed]. Black Beads and Coral Necklace: [removed]. Earrings. Oxidised Metal Choker. Know What Support To Expect In A Franchise Business. Oxidized Sliver Tone Jhumka. Airtel Wynk Tube Music and Video streaming app launched Free for Airtel Users. Top Five Beer Brands In India: Top Five Beer Brands In India [img]guczy7a0tlv21 Read more [https//piplsay.in/trackingbeerbrandsinindia/]https//piplsay.in/trackingbeerbrandsinindia/ ampx200B \Beer BeerLoveinIndia CheersToBeers Kingfisher Budweiser Carlsburg Corona Foster TopBeerinIndia BeerLovers India PiplSay TopFive Top5. Web Designer. Get your Free Trail Today.. Terracotta Flower Vase: [removed]. Copper Idol of Radhakrishna. Wooden Padmanabha Swamy Panel. Company Registration consultants in Dehradun Company Registration Services. Ambari Elephant. India Replaces China as the FastestGrowing Market for Taiwanese Machine Tools. How To check Sambad Result nagaland state lottery india: [removed]. Top Traditional Fashion Designers of India. Wireless Quiz Buzzer on Hire in Pune. Business Advisor Astrologer in Jalandhar Career Advisor Astrologer. Top Wireless Quiz Buzzers in Pune Buzzer on Hire. How Can GST Help Your Business: [removed]. SMPS Power Supply Manufacturer SMPS power adapter. Importance of using SMPS power adapter for your industry SMPS Adapter Manufacturer India SMPS Power Supply Manufacturer. How To Get First Rank in Dream11 and earn lots of Momey hindi. Winbix: [removed]. Anil Ambanis woes get compounded with a series of downgrades for three Reliance Group subsidiaries. Know the different types of SMPS adapter fcw adaptor fcw adapter pricefcw dc adaptor price. What is SMPS Adapter SMPS adaptersmps adapter manufacturer. An overview of Switch Mode Power Supply open frame smps. Best SMPS Power Adapter Manufacturer amp Supplier India. Open Frame SMPS Manufacturer amp Supplier in Gandhinagar. Manufacturer amp Supplier of SMPS Adapter amp DC Adapter Gujarat India SMPS Adapter smps adapter manufacturer. In this Election Season Special Offer. Maximum Cashback on your Newspaper Advertising. Top 5 GST Consultants in Dehradun GST Consultancy Service. Herbal Hair Oil: [removed]. Tamarind Seed Powder: [removed]. Terracota Foot Scrub: [removed]. Herbal Henna. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Best shopping USA websites: [removed]. UK Student Loans Loans and Scholarships to Study in UK. Escorts creates new standards in customer service. Traditional Herbal Bath Pack. New Holland Agriculture helps Myanmar farmers fight malaria. Firdose Special Roll On Fragrance: [removed]. Mold for Aviation Plastic Parts: [removed]. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Pune. Buy unique specialty amp rural products direct from makers Food Handicrafts Textiles Toys Jewellery Herbal and many more... Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments on Rent in PuneGrotal. Mold for Computer Plastic Parts. Anti Termite Treatment in Chandigarh. Top 20 Pest Control in Mohali Tricity Grotal. Top 10 Undervalued Stocks to Buy Capitalante.com. ILampFS 13 Billion Dollar Scam In Proclaimed Clean Indian Government. Guide for people to make 200k in 30 years: If you follow this advice you should be able to get 200k after 30 years this figure is in USD you can multiply it by 70 to get the amount in INR A driver a security guard a bouncer a DJ a phone repair person etc. make around 150200/month I would advise you to pursue the career of a gardener/ security guard/ Driver because this method works best if youre working for a family. I apologize if this suggestion seems offensive to you I am merely using this example to show that literally anyone can do it Investing 100/month in the NIFTY50 and increasing the money deposited every year in line with an inflation rate of 3 would result in a total balance of 208k in 30 years the market return was taken to be 8.5 every year banks give an interest rate of 6 India is a growing economy and 910 is the average market return outside India so the figure of 8.5 is quite average Investing all the income would lead to 400k in 30 years but this would be very difficult to implement in practice because youd have to forego your entire income per month I.e 200 investment per month If you take on a job as a driver to a family that would provide 150200/month and you sleep there then you have no rent costs they would also feed and clothe you so minimal costs there. That leaves you room to invest 100200 per month depending on your family situation. If a 20 year old chooses to forego marriage and kids he will have 400k by the time he is 50 you can get married then if you want/travel the world and have a nice life If you insist on getting married due to family pressures make them spend the money on your marriage and try to get a wife thats willing to work as a masseuse/maid or whatever and youre still on the path for around 400k All this seems quite difficult which is why the title says 200k cause if you cant do any of the above stuff you should still be able to deposit around 100 per month and thus make 200k at the end of 30 years Source the calculator site thats the name of the site I used to calculate this. CT Scan Centre in Ahmedabad Reasons Your Doctor will Insist You for a CT Scan. Best place to Import Quality A4 PAPER: I will suggest Thailand. Its the best place to import A4 sized copy Paper .I have been importing from Thailand for a while now and they have affordable prices and good sea routes for shipping. I have this particular company I always buy from they send samples and even perform OEM service they print buyers logo and design on his/her ream covers . I will strongly recommend Rossukhon if you wish to buy A4 Paper from Thailand. ampx200B Their info is below where you can easily reach them for inquiries ampx200B Email [arossukhon3gmail.com]mailtoarossukhon3gmail.com. Experienced and irritated Indian loan payers of reddit how did you get your housing loan when youre abroad and what was your story in convincing the finance agents: [removed]. 4 vital rules are going to be altered on 1st may which we need to know.. If RBI has banned magnetic strip card transactions why do banks still issue cards with the magnetic strip: As far as I know transactions made using the magnetic strip would no longer be processed by any bank in India. These have been phased out by the EMV chips. So why does my new card still has the magnetic strip. Luxury Apartments in Kolkata Developed by Alcove Realty. Jute Gift Bags Kalgudi Please Visit www.kalgudi.com. Supporting a Cause with a Benefit: [removed]. As Deloitte stares at a lengthy India ban a look at the events that led to this. 9 ways to make your startup office more unique with The Venture Studios. Supporting a Cause with a Benefit. Unsustainable telecom wars. GST Registration Consultants in Kochi ENS Associates Pvt.Ltd. Top 5 Myths About Life Insurance That You Should Avoid. Wireless Tour Guide Systems in Chennai. Buy or Hire Wireless Audio Guide Systems in Chennai. Nepal Tour Packages Tour Packages of Nepal Nepal Tourism. Jet Airways will probably never fly again. Top 10 Richest in the world. Jet Airways crisis NAG urges PM Modi to ask SBI to release one months salary to staff. Chinese brands rule Indian smartphone market with 2/3rds of share report. Indian private sector bank HDFC issues threatening emails against cryptocurrency buyers. Govt likely to ban Deloitte for alleged malpractice in ILampFS accounts Report. Rise and Fall of Jet Airways. JetAirways. Makemytrip to get bigger... Beware of using www.freelancer.com this company will steal from you and then discard you.: [removed]. Groww Helping First Time Investors For Seamless And Transparent Approach To Investing By Just Few Clicks. India is growings its Milk production by mechanizing its Dairy sector. Hero Moto Q4 Result Hero MotoCorp Q4 profit slumps 25 YoY to Rs 730 crore firm announces Rs 32 dividend. AMA by Zerodha Will continue on Sunday also. Zerodhas AMA is live We are Zerodha Indias largest retail stock broker. Ask us anything: [removed]. About 200 US companies seeking to move manufacturing base from China to India USISPF. Career Problem Solution Astrologer in Jalandhar. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Sweegi. Best Software Development Company in India: [removed]. How much should you spend on a car Capitalante.com. Are you interested in giving/receiving music lessons: [removed]. 20 Rupees New Banknote of India. How IndiaPakistan tensions have disrupted air travel. Online Jobs for People in India:  Appen is currently hiring worldwide and people from India can apply. ampx200B Current Appen Assignments Appen is experiencing unprecedented demand and growth for qualified homebased independent agents. We are looking for highly educated individuals for an exciting work from home opportunity. Applicants must be self motivated and internet savvy. This is an opportunity to evaluate and improve search engine results for some of the worlds largest internet search engine companies. ampx200B Appen has made a core promise to our customers to work with only the very best homebased independent agents. Each Appen independent agent is an integral part of our shared success and we are very serious about keeping our promise. Appen independent agents conduct in depth internetbased research and provide information evaluation for leading companies from around the globe. Check out the basic equipment and skills required to become an Appen independent agent. ampx200B General Requirements You must be at least 18 years of age to become an Appen agent. ampx200B Equipment Requirements High speed internet access Cable Modem DSL etc. A personal computer running Googles free Chrome web browser version 45 Up to date antivirus and antispyware software ampx200B Basic Skill Requirements Excellent web research skills and analytical abilities Excellent comprehension and written communication skills Many Appen independent agent assignments require fluency in a language other than English. For these assignments independent agents will be required to pass a language assessment exam. ampx200B Do I need to purchase special software to become an Appen independent agent You will want to have up to date antivirus software on your personal computer. Any commercial antivirus software package will do fine. As well there are several highquality widely available software packages that you can use for free. ampx200B Do I need a fancy headset or a separate phone line to become an Appen independent agentNope. This is not a call center support position and you will never be required to make or receive telephone calls as part of your duties. ampx200B Apply via this link [Appen Current Opportunities]https//connect.appen.com/qrp/public/jobs/listuref593ab9fec8680277e259f098688a8fd5 ampx200B Position available Internet Analyst Position ampx200B These are a few locations in India that Appen hired people that I referred Perinthalmanna Kerala Shimla Himachal Pradesh New Delhi Delhi ampx200B Good luck and feel free to ask any questions regarding Appen.. Avengers Endgame tickets Hyderabad: Sunday morning 1100 am PVR Irrum Manzil. Two tickets F row200 rs each. Contact me. How to Improve Website Rank In Google. Flora Fountain Luxury Apartment in Kolkata Near EM Bypass. Now PepsiCo offers to settle case against Gujarat potato farmers. 4 Main steps to find best interior decorators in Bangalore. Indian Law Makers Call for Immediate Ban of Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency:  A committee under the Indian Government has drafted a bill the Banning of Cryptocurrencies and Regulation of Official Digital Currencies Bill 2019 which seeks to ban cryptocurrency transactions within the country entirely. ....[read more]https//bit.ly/2GDVX85. Electric Fireplace Manufacturers in Himachal. Pool Manufacturers in Himachal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Is it Time for Indians to say a GOODBYE to Cryptocurrencies as well as the Crypto Market. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Frantastic Overview. Best Pandit in Ludhiana. Hire Silent Disco Headphones in Hyderabad Best Price Guarantee. Top 20 Company Registrations in Gurgaon Company Formation Incorporation: [removed]. Air Purifier Market In India Size amp Share 20192025: [removed]. Direct Admission consultant in Bangalore Easy Direct Admission. Dr Sumita Prabhakar Obstetrician amp Gynaecologist IVF Specialist. Part Time Job Earn Unlimited. Free Online Shop for any business. Indians love their News.. but in short: [removed]. The 10 Best Quality Books of AllTime. Love Marriage Specialists in Chennai: [removed]. Love Marriage Specialist in Chennai: [removed]. We offering Discounted Rates in your city Now book Ads. Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai: [removed]. Black Magic Specialists in Chennai: [removed]. Im in need of small amount of money. More information below.: Im a passionate photographer and videographer based in New Delhi. Ive made a bunch of videos in past for my own portfolio link attached below. Im stepping more into videography and cinematography and damn this stuff is expensive as hell. Im not a professional or anything in this field. Im just starting out. Today I got my first project for a midsized company. I have asked for 2 weeks of time. Project includes taking interviews and asking existing customers for their feedback. I know gear doesnt matter much as long as you have great content. But its different this time. For this project I need a mic decent enough to record good audio. Knowing my limits and skill set currently Im looking at sub 5k Rode mic link attached below which is quite popular for its capabilities at cheap. Also since my videos are shaky Im looking for a steadycam but is not the priority. Im primarily more in need of a mic. Ive been active in r/slavelabour and r/logorequests lately and havent been able to raise enough money for the mic. And here Im asking fellow Indians to help me raise money for the mic. Any amount is appreciated. Ill try giving the money back once I get money from the company. Past videos https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCIRvVVLic4r70T3MNACb9Q Mic link https//www.amazon.in/dp/B015R0IQGW/refcmswrcpapaiRSwWCb6B42YH4 Steadycam link https//www.amazon.in/dp/B01GWZV60Y/refcmswrcpapairyxWCb0ZACW5N Payment details PayTm QR https//imgur.com/a/ImdA2Ps PAYPAL https//paypal.me/robinsinghsandhu youll get 100 cashback upto 250 for your first txn Gocrowdera https//gocrowdera.com/c/mZOe9BoV TLDR Begging 5000 for a mic.. Real Estate Investment: [removed]. Black Magic Specialist in Chennai: [removed]. Buy Mildy Shampoo Online mildy shampoo mildy shampoo online mildy shampoo buy online. VB7 HAIR Capsule Buy Tab vb7 Online vb7 hair vb7 hair capsule tab vb7 hair. Buy Morr f 5 Hair Oil Online morr f 5 more f5 hair oi morr f 5 hair oil morr f 5 buy online. Hair Loos Science Signs amp Reasons for Hair Loss signs of hair loss reasons for hair loss. Flower Delivery App Helps You Deliver Flowers at Doorsteps. best hair loss treatment for female best hair loss solution for female. Best Hair Loss Treatment for Female hair fall solution hair loss treatment for men. Dear Flipkart please grow up. Best Hair Regrowth Products for Men hair regrowth hair regrowth for men Minoxidil. Best Hair Regrowth Products for Women hair regrowth for women hair growth products. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Managing Hair Loss hair loss solutions for women female hair loss solutions. Hair Loss Solution for Men amp Women Alopecia hair loss solution management of hair loss. Sandwich Massage in Mumbai. hair growth Hair Growth Solution best hair growth solutions. Top 20 Full body Massage Services in Mumbai by Models Spa services. Palm Leaf Products. Best Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Jalandhar. Performance of PSUs in India: [removed]. Come and enjoy the worlds largest resort and the first of its kind:  What are you waiting for [https//www.booking.com/resorts/index.htmlaid1762479]https//www.booking.com/resorts/index.htmlaid1762479. Placements at Indian School of Business 2019: Records and milestones achieved by the Indian School of Business in 2019 Record setting average annual CTC of 25.09 Lakhs Employers made 1194 offers to 883 students in the class of 2019 96.3 of the class is already placed as of 5th April remaining 31 students opted out of the placement process Highest domestic package offered stand at INR 1 Crore. Financial times ranked ISB 24 Globally 4 in Asia and 1 in India in its global MBA rankings. Ranked 2 by the Wall Street Journal and Times Higher Education Rankings among 1year MBA Programs. ISB is ranked 3 in terms of Salary increase considering preMBA to postMBA salaries Crossed the 10000 alumni mark. Alumni base spread over 42 countries. You can [read more here]https//egmat.com/blogs/howisbpgpclassof2019createdhistory883students1194offers25lakhaveragesalary/utmsourceredditamputmmediumasifamputmcampaignarticleamputmcontentisbplacementsamputmtermredditasifarticletimelinepostisbplacements. https//i.redd.it/a1h01d6l49u21.jpg. Spotify To Remove Entire Saregama Catalogue From Its Platform.. Are you on Track Towards a Peaceful Retirement Heres How to Check. Spotify Indias rough ride just got bumpier: [removed]. 3 Best Tax Saving Mutual Funds to Invest in 2018. Most Beautiful Modern House: [removed]. STEP RISER Stair Tile One of the top Tiles Dealers in Delhi Orissa Kolkata Punjab: [removed]. Practical Training in Accounts in Kochi ENS Associates Pvt.Ltd. Alert Till 5 Lakhs How To Claim Zero Income Tax. Fountain Manufacturers in Ludhiana. India Fire Safety Systems and Equipment Market 20172023. Top 20 Accounting Services in Mumbai Accounting Services Grotal. Chinese entrepreneurs ride India internet consumer wave. Top 20 Accounting Services in Mumbai Accounting Services Grotal. Audience Response System on Rent in Bangalore. Interior Designers in JP Nagar Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm JP Nagar. Wireless Audience Response Systems in Bangalore Voting Pads. Top 20 Income Tax Consultants in Mumbai Accounting Services Grotal. Buy Insect Window Screen and Protect Your Business India: [removed]. Life Lessons from Jet Airways. PampG India faces charges over profiteering under GST law. Artemis Electricals SME IPO Details. Taxpayers to pay Interest also on Payment of tax through ITC. Filing ITR 1 Sahaj for AY 201920 by Offline Excel Utility. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Spoken English Classes in Delhi: [removed]. Crude Oil Prices Surge On Monday.. ITR filing near me Lucknow: [removed]. Contact Us For Best Deals. English Speaking Classes in Delhi: [removed]. IELTS Training center in Delhi: [removed]. IELTS Coaching Center in Delhi: [removed]. Best Digital Marketing Agency amp Top Web Development Company in Bangalore. IELTS coaching in Delhi: [removed]. Criminal Lawyers in Delhi. TikTok Banned In India For Pornography Only Not Really. Official Document Translation Services in Mumbai. Legal Document Translation Services in Mumbai. Certified Document Translation Services in Mumbai. Contact Details of Female to Male Massage Center in Mumbai. Top 10 Best B2B Websites in India. Top 20 Full body Massage Services in Mumbai by Models Spa services. Just Opened A Store and Im Giving Away Free Essential Oil Bracelets: Hey everyone I just recently opened a health store and as an opening promotion I am giving away free essential oil bracelets Just pay shipping. Just thought id let you know www.cleverrelief.com. Everybody Loves Larsen amp Toubro But Shouldnt Corporates Have a Conscience. CRED. An interesting way to earn rewards on your credit card payments. Have you tried it. CRED. An interesting way to get rewards for credit card payments. Have you tried it. List of Small Commercial Vehicles with Price Mileage Details. Best Top 10 Digital Marketing Strategies for Startups 2019 Here are the marketing strategies that will matter most this year.:  Best Top 10 Digital Marketing Strategies for Startups 2019 Here are the marketing strategies that will matter most this year. Best Top 10 Digital Marketing Strategies for Startups 2019 The most astonishing point is majority of the startups have adopted digital marketing as the main marketing platform but not all the weapons that digital marketers have in their arsenal are equally effective. Some digital marketing strategies hit the bulls eye while others dont even come close. Click here to Visit https//www.digitalsteps.in/ Do you know which digital marketing strategy you should adopt to boost the growth of your Business In todays post Im going to share Top 10 most effective and essential digital marketing strategies for startups. After reading this post you will have a clear picture of profitable digital marketing strategies for your startup. Without further ado lets dive in. ampx200B 1. Email Marketing ampx200B [img]zdkcm4wgbtt21 Email Marketing Undeterred by predictions of its death in the marketing world emails are still around and delivering a handsome return on investment to marketers. In a recent survey conducted by Demand Metric and the Data amp Marketing Association it was concluded that Email marketing had an impressive ROI of 122.That was four times higher than the other marketing channels which were analyzed. Those channels included paid search direct mail and social media. What startup wouldnt want that kind of ROI on Email marketing And the best thing about email marketing is you dont have to break the bank to run an Email marketing.Though email marketing is highly effective not all startups are able to harness the true power of email marketing. But some brands have excelled at email marketing. ampx200B 2. Social Media Marketing ampx200B [img]9k9z6c3jbtt21 Social Media Marketing Social media has become a powerful marketing tool these days. According to a Social media marketing report a 90 of marketers confirmed that social media is important to their businesses and 89 of marketers indicated that their social media marketing initiatives have garnered increased exposure for their companies. ampx200B 3. PayPerClick Marketing Google AdWords ampx200B [img]w873mscmbtt21 PayPerClick Marketing Google AdWords Payperclick PPC marketing is a method of using search engine advertising or SEO to bring visitors to your website. PPC is a powerful marketing tool to generate salesready leads. ampx200B 4. Search Engine Optimization ampx200B [img]x3idawepbtt21 Search Engine Optimization You have built a website with an awesome design and you have created service pages for all the services you offer and you think visitors will come. ampx200B 5. Influencer Marketing. ampx200B [img]b9moe23rbtt21 Influencer Marketing. The trend of influencer marketing is catching on really fast. It was observed in a study that 84 of marketers expected to launch at least one influencer marketing campaign in the next 12 months. ampx200B 7. Retargeting Ads [img]qwd3u49ubtt21 Retargeting Ads ampx200B You kickedoff your startup because you were convinced with your business idea. Why It was your business idea so you believed in it. But your potential customers might not be convinced when they first visit your website. They need one or more nudges before they actually become your customers. ampx200B 8. Viral Marketing ampx200B [img]8nvh52iwbtt21 Viral Marketing ampx200B As a startup theres no better way to create a strong buzz about your brand than going viral on the internet. Creating content that goes viral can make your business an overnight success.Whats more viral marketing or social media marketing is essentially a result of the combined efforts of the other techniques weve already discussed. Blendtec is the perfect example of its potential.One day theyre not really selling any of their highgrade blenders. One viral video of its potential to blend practically anything and the orders started to rake in. Quite frankly it was an ingenious ploy by the brands marketer or creative web design . ampx200B 9. Content Marketing or Graphic Design ampx200B [img]znrp1rzybtt21 Content Marketing or Graphic Design In todays time you need to focus on creating content Sms marketing that can solve pain points and stay evergreen. Using shortcuts or black hat seo agency tactics just to move to the top of search engines wont work thanks to Googles allseeing eye. So always keep content as kingSms marketing or Email marketing as many like to put it. To make content marketing work well you need to focus on mobile content native advertising influencer marketing and marketing automation. The Graphic Designing is part of digital marketing strategy that uses the number of artistic and professional disciplines called as Graphic Designers to convey a specific message or a piece of information or content to a group of people through various graphics such as pictures shapes lines visuals. use for seo agency. ampx200B 10. Video Marketing ampx200B [video]ctu8tlm1ctt21 Video Marketing Over the last decade we became a more visual culture attracted to imagery in the digital realms. This means paying attention to one major trend in video marketing Storytelling.When you can tell a compelling story about your business and prove you can solve pain points of customers. [https//www.digitalsteps.in/]https//www.digitalsteps.in/ ampx200B For detailed information...click here ampx200B \ Best Top 10 Digital Marketing Strategies for Startups . India to attract more than 300 international brands in the country by 2022 Apparel Resources. Ethylene Prices Drift Lower In Asia Last Week.. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. A glimpse into the fascinating journey of what was once Indias crown jewel Jet Airways. Complete List of Documents / Things you must check for buying a Property/Flat/Plot. Best Place to import A4 COPY PAPER: [removed]. Acreaty Recruitment Services in india Business consulting Outsourcing company in India. Know How Landing Pages Can Support Your Business Goals Directly:  ampx200B Processing img rz2wtky0wrt21... [https//www.peritusinfotech.com//convertaleadintoclie/]https//www.peritusinfotech.com/blog/convertaleadintoclients/fbclidIwAR1zqZtbYGL2fsgmGzJIUbnIiQ5J2o5Qqr7ie6d5oUhC8hU45oaKVTuN0c [\client]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/clientsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\customer]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/customersourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\leadgeneration]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/leadgenerationsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\digitalmarketing]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/digitalmarketingsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\marketing]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/marketingsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR[\onlinemarketing]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/onlinemarketingsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\socialmediamarketing]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/socialmediamarketingsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\socialmedia]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/socialmediasourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\branding]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/brandingsourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\sales]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/salessourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR[\smallbusiness]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/smallbusinesssourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\marketingagency]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/marketingagencysourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\marketingstrategy]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/marketingstrategysourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\strategy]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/strategysourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR [\EarthDay]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/earthdaysourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAGampxts5B05D68.ARBepx6oLvrcdQtcsSkgzfg3byV7syHpwAiloX3BDSSaV5Ol8C5B6WyqtRVETuCrAIcZG4GDNrlElwOO9DwEvcn9CgNIOMDnLfc1fVE2otxua28e9L2IsZhPWU2LgTvomhmP1LJesiKZKGzM7x9mBxijPqZrf8JtfF75JZILUcWMnr01rf7QFgvuTAlQHt7W0psTXEQFyBZIqyKmJUA9yJwH9y3oAgWk9gIhfr8w0fboqJGwtPECV1yX7DQLre8j3KYo0JOn644hDduVfFPrOaux9Me56TSUTe2kf12WRkIIcJMG5oEJFndDwsMXTEiTH2e4nBs5uM5GBmAamptn2ANKR. Know the Banks That Lent Money to Jet Airways. Why CoWorking Space is Ideal for Entrepreneurs Coworking Space in HSR Layout Bangalore. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Hyderabad. India Solar Inverter Market 20182024. Looking For An Education Loan Dont Bank On Banks Indian banks which have chased growth across most retail credit segments continue to shun education loans. Why. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments on Rent in Hyderabad. Best Top 10 Digital Marketing Strategies for Startups 2019 Here are the marketing strategies that will matter most this year.. Latest Stock Market News Brokerages mixed on RIL should you buy sell or hold post Q4: [removed]. Want to invest in Commodities and Stocks trade like a pro trader with KheloMCX Research Services: [removed]. Apartment Interior Designers in Bangalore Decorpot. digitalsteps is a Digital Marketing Company which is promote politician to digitally.. TikToks parent ByteDance plans USD 1 billion investment in India in next 3 years. Social Venture Partners International Names Indian American Executive Sudha Nandagopal New CEO. I have one ticket for Friday night 10pm show Manjeera Cinepolis Hyderabad. DM me if you wanna buy. Selling it for Rs. 1000: [removed]. IndiaMart aims to raise Rs 3250 crore via IPO: IndiaMart which is set to hit the market post elections aims to raise Rs 3250 crore through the initial public offer IPO. Indiamart.com one of the largest businesstobusiness B2B company and online listing platforms for small and medium businesses in India which is in the process of getting listed posted revenue of Rs 429 crore in 201819 and operating profit of Rs 46 crore. ampx200B Read more [http//www.upcomingipocalendar.com/indiamartaimstoraisers3250croreviaipo/]http//www.upcomingipocalendar.com/indiamartaimstoraisers3250croreviaipo/. Amazon way of reducing frauds Delivery drivers must take selfies from now on. Thoughts about UPI: Just wanted to know what people think about UPI service. I personally was really hesitant to use it in the beginning but it turned out to be a life saver for me.. Rise and fall of Jet Airways and other airlines with passengers carried. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. 5 Riders / Addon s That You Must Have in Your Term Insurance Plan. As aviation sector bleeds Reliance looks at Jet Airways and Air India. Airlines could someday weigh passengers like luggage. Housing Complex to Book Flats in Tollygunge South Kolkata. Best Wireless Surveillance Solution in Rajasthan. Interior Designers in Bangalore DECORPOT. What is the use of CVV code number printed on the back of your credit card. Wireless Silent Conference Systems in Bangalore. 4 Interesting Features on Home Loan for Your Home Away From the City. 9 ways to make your startup office more innovative and special with Venture Studios. Silent Conference Equipments in Bangalore Conference System. Looking for Entrepreneurial minded partners: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plants Manufactured in India by Jaikar Industrial Corporation. Top 20 MBA Course Colleges and university in Delhi Grotal. Neogen Chemicals Ltd IPO Date Price Subscription Listing Date amp Allotment Status. Reliance Industries weighs refinery unit stake sale to Aramco Adnoc. Advance Tax Definition Due Dates Calculation Capitalante.com. Study shows how tobacco is consuming rural India. Indias Jet Airways collapses as banks pull the plug. IELTS coaching Classes in Chandigarh: [removed]. IELTS coaching in Chandigarh: [removed]. IELTS coaching in Chandigarh: [removed]. criminal lawyers in Chandigarh. OR Ceramic Manufacturer Supplier Step Riser Rangoli Floor Tiles: [removed]. Epf fund: Hi I am leaving my current job for higher education for the next two years. I wont be contributing to the EPF. ampx200B So should I withdraw the amount and invest it in mutual funds or keep the account open without any additional interest. EPF: [removed]. Top 20 Cafe Furniture Manufacturers in Jodhpur. Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India Super Sujata Brand. Wireless Tour Guide Systems in Chennai. Swimming Pool Builders in Jalandhar. Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top 20 Restaurant Furniture Manufacturers in Jodhpur. Best Astrologist in Ludhiana. One Way Tour Guide Systems in Chennai. Amazon plans to close Chinese marketplace business focus more on India. Tour Guide System Rental in Chennai. Two Way Tour Guide Systems on Rent Tour Guide Services. Indias Jet Airways Ceases Operations. Company Registration Service in Kochi ENS Associates Pvt.Ltd. Jet Airways Suspends Operations after Failing to Secure New Funding. Urban sprawl Is it safe to build and live under high tension power lines. India Ban Hits TikTok Where It Hurts India accounted for almost half of downloads of the TikTok app for Android and iOS in Q1 2019. 100 Hike on Bus prices due to Lok Sabha Election. Jets luck has finally run out What its collapse says about India. Residential Complex to Book AC Apartments in South Kolkata. Wireless Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Delhi. Bosch Interpretation Equipment on Rent in Delhi. Wireless Bosch Interpretation Equipments on rent in Delhi. Love Marriage Specialists in Mumbai. GST return filing simplified All you need to know From Saloni Roy Senior Director Deloitte India. GRMs basmati rice makes inroads in UAE market. Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai: [removed]. Top Things You Should Know About Stepup Home Loans. Handyman App Like Uber:  Be A Star In The OnDemand Economy With An App Like Uber For Handyman Read heregtgtgt [Uber for Handyman]https//www.appdupe.com/blog/beastarintheondemandeconomywithanapplikeuberforhandyman/. Interior Designers in Bannerghatta Road Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Bannerghatta Road. Global agrochemicals market to grow at CAGR 4.6 till 2022 Study. Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai: [removed]. How SMS Marketing helped me to increase my sales. Fountain Manufacturers in Ludhiana. Tata Trusts Microsoft partner to empower handloom weavers. Worried about your JPMiles Redeem them on IndiGo GoAir and more. Black Magic Specialist in Mumbai: [removed]. [Phone cover] Blackbora Buy 2 Get 1 cover absolutely Free use this promo code FREECOVER. Products Range Slag Crusher Plant India. Have a Quick Glance at Gen TDS Software Features. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Ludhiana.. At a Bangalore Tech Park Using a WC 101. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala rues the poor havent gained from 4 decades of bullrun. American here looking to invest in Indian companies any advice: [removed]. Canadian here would need help from people in India: [removed]. Upcoming Residential Project to Book Luxury 3 BHK Flats in Kolkata. Introducing SixSigma3.0 iSixSigma. India Is Foreshadowing Trouble For Netflix. Residential Project to Book Luxury Apartments in Kolkata. curemart best medical tourism planner: [removed]. Top 5 Longest Bridges In India. Why salwar kameez is the most popular womens ethnic wear in India: [removed]. Business Advisor Astrologer in Jalandhar. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Ludhiana.. TCS employees disappointed as company gifts Titan watch for its golden jubilee. Before Facebook there was Orkut Buyukkokten. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India: [removed]. Business Advisor Astrologer in Jalandhar by Pandit Desraj. Dasmesh Water Meters Product List Manufacturers Exporters India. Business Problem Astrologer in Ludhiana. Wireless Voting Pads on Hire in Delhi Grotal. India LED Lighting Market 20172023. Wireless Voting Pads on Rent in Delhi. Business Problem Astrologer in Ludhiana by Pandit Desraj. Wireless Voting Pads in Delhi Voting Pads on Hire. Wireless Voting Pads in Delhi Audience Response System. Disney shows movies to be streamed by Hotstar in India. Another Reliance Jio record Mukesh Ambanis telecom wonder gets 30 crore customers in 3 years. How to Find The Right Ready to Occupy Flats in Marathahalli Bangalore: [removed]. Best Mini Trucks in India 2019 List of Small Commercial Vehicles with Price Mileage Details. India Antivirus Software Market 20182024. I have a fair amount of money in the bank but I have no idea how to invest. I dont want it to just sit in the bank. Any guidance will be appreciated.: Mutual funds or FD or something similar I am a noob.. best electronic store in patiala:  RapidStore continues to grow every day thanks to the confidence of our clients have in us. We cover many electronics Products. In the World of Technology the fastest growing or emerging Industry/business is IOT and Electronics means Computer and Technology is affecting every moment of our life. So we have decided lets help them with our Products and Spares.. 9 ways to make your startup office more innovative and special with The Venture Studios. Dasmesh Water Meters Manufacturers Exporters India Product List. Sensex Nifty opens barely higher. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Bata fined for charging customer for carry bag. Latest Sarkari Naukri Alerts 2019 Govt Jobs fast Update. Companies should not charge you for carry bag: India Today Bata fined Rs 9000 for asking customer to pay Rs 3 for carry bag. https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/batafinedrs9000foraskingconsumertopayrs3forcarrybag150169920190414. India PM avoids probe over France jet deal. Rafale deal: [removed]. How to Make Money Vlog 1. Anil Ambani Net Worth 2019 Indias Richest Man Pollytoo. How to improve CIBIL Score from 300 to 800 Capitalante.com. What happens when you transfer money from abroad to home country and how is it helping the countrys GDP growth Buzzing Report. Have you heard of Dangal Its Indias mostviewed channel shows BARC data. Complete Himachal Tour Package Himachal Honeymoon Packages. Vacation Tour Packages For Andaman: [removed]. Scrap collection startup TheKabadiwala raises 3 crore. Polycab IPO Allotment Status and Listing Date. Prepaid International Visa card: Hello I have a secondary account with Paytm payments bank poor decision I know I was desperate and went with it. The debit card that comes with doesnt work with international payments or PayPal. Is there any prepaid virtual card that I can load up with cash from paytm and use the card for payment Dont suggest bank accounts please. I tried axis asap account and they sucked big time. Hung up my call when I told them that full KYC isnt necessary if amount is less than 10k they were bullshitting that I needed to do full KYC to remove the 0 ATM card limit yup my Debit card maximum limit was 0 for national and international payments. Help will be appreciated thanks folks. Customize your naukri job search in India On Jobs IOJ. Goa Escorts Call girls in Goa Service available here. Need some help for my UG Dissertation: Hello everyone please spare a couple of minutes and help me fill this extremely short questionnaire. ampx200B Thank You ampx200B [https//forms.gle/9bqsxWtVKpFesYC97]https//forms.gle/9bqsxWtVKpFesYC97. Fireplace Manufacturers in Ludhiana. Fountain Manufacturers in Ludhiana. Business Problem Astrologer in Ludhiana. Twinkle Twinkle Little Star Poem by Iris Florets Lanco Hills Kid: [removed]. Advertisement In Newspapers At Lowest Price: [removed]. Business Problem Astrologer in Ludhiana. What is Promotional SMS: [removed]. Interior Designers in Marathahalli Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Marathahalli. Bank loans to industries in Maharashtra decline for the 1st time in 30 years. Jet Airways Cancels All International Flights Is This the End. Google pay launches Gold buying in partnership with MMTCPAMP India. Why Book Luxury Apartments in Kolkata with Flora Fountain. Indofil acquires Agrowin Biosciences. Business Advisor Astrologer in Jalandhar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Not as many Indians are buying smartphones on Amazon and Flipkart as you think. Enjoy the Adventure Tour with Discovery Holidays: [removed]. Affordable Football Tour Packages with Discovery Holidays: [removed]. Get the Best Deal on Ooty Golf Tour: [removed]. IFC funds US3 million to agri logistics company. Best Coworking Space in Bangalore The Venture StudiosHSR LAYOUT. Interior Designers in Jayanagar Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Jayanagar. Indias top 15 states GDP over 34 years. Dont know much about banking. Which bank account should I go for More details inside. Thanks.: [removed]. Challenges and solutions of affordable housing in India. Indianmoney Complaints indian money reviews Complete solution. Book Ads in Newspaper Radio Station at Lowest Rate. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Why are Coworking office space best for startups. How do Credit Card companies like Master and VISA Card actually make money. Oil India contractor in trouble in Manipur and Nagaland. If anyone can unsettle us its Paytm says Indias discount broking leader.. Jet Airways crisis Naresh Goyal says ready to pledge rest of his shares in cashstrapped airline for Rs 1500cr interim fund Firstpost. Goa Girls Offering for 80 here Goa call girls service Book Now Limited Only datemetonight.net. Kondapalli Toys. Interior Designers in Indiranagar Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Indiranagar. Real Estate Brokers in Surat. Paytm amp Phonepe launch gaming business. Pension Plans Definition Types Benefits Capitalante.com. The downfall of Jet Airways How Indias premium airline crumbled. Ive heard lots of Chinese and Indian students getting US EB5 via parents how can this be done w/o debilitating gift tax: For those who dont know EB5 is an investor visa for green card.. [Startups] To anyone in the startup industry what do you think of kstart Kalaaris seed funding terms: The document is available online on their site. Kalaari claims that their terms are fair but Im not too sure about it. I have some doubts but Im not an expert so looking for more experienced and informative thoughts. Answers from founders who have been funded would be awesome. Thanks.. FINCABLES PAPERPROD GRINDWELL DMART NSE Intraday Trading Tips .... Wireless Tour Guide System Rental in Bangalore. Why Bhavish Aggarwal turned down a 1.1 billion SoftBank deal.. Wireless Tour Guide System Hire in Bangalore. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore. O enlightened investors of India kindly bestow me with some of your knowledge about the stock market.: Those of you whove studied and understand the trends and curves like the Fibonacci ones which phase of the market are we currently in and should one put in their coins this year or not. GST Registration Get new GST Registration Number Online. India Diesel Generator Rental Market 20172023. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Best Coworking amp office Space in BangaloreThe Venture studios HSR LAYOUT. syska earphones at lowest price Rnbazar. Jack Mas Top Advice for Students amp Businessman in Urdu / Hindi. Buy CA Online Courses in India at Lecturewala.com. How Trademark Registration Can Help Your Business: [removed]. Interior Designers in Electronic City Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Electronic City. Former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on the Future of Capitalism Emerging Markets and the Global Economy. GUJARATPOLY FOODS KIRLOSKAR BSE Intraday Trading Tips 09/04/2019. Delhi Police arrests two SC officials for allegedly posting wrong order in Anil AmbaniEricsson case. Who is the best packers and movers in Bangalore and Hyderabad: [removed]. 5 Hottest HealthTech Startups Revolutionizing Healthcare In India With Artificial Intelligence. Best Mini Trucks in India 2019 List. Micro Small and Medium Enterprises. India Solar Rooftop Systems Market 20162022. SBI seeks bids for cashstrapped Jet Airways by April 10. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Bellapierre Organic Fitmark Natural Salmon Omega3 Fish Oil: [removed]. Interior Designers in Koramangala Bangalore Best Interior Design Firm Koramangala. The journey of Mahindras 3 million tractors. Tractor segment expected to grow at CAGR 2.8 in 201722 Report. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Ethanol production may reach 237 crore litre this year. Hatsun Agro Product launches cow milk brand. TATA MAJESTIC RICO BSE Intraday Trading Tips 08/04/2019. Top CA Services Online: [removed]. RAJ Construction presents BRIJ BALAJI TOWNSHIP in Patna. Luxurious 123 BHK Available for prebooking in Patna. Just 200 meters away from Patliputra Train Station.. BJPs Amit Shah has diversified stock investment portfolio Rahul Gandhi prefers mutual funds.. How to Start Bulk SMS Business in India: [removed]. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. TIL hiw India can gallop ahead leveraging its very ownself create jobs people empowerment wealth using the informal sector.. Helppppp: Does anyone have working paypal I need some help... Rectify the error made in RFD01A refund application. NEXOP ACADEMY Best Digital Marketing Course in Guwahati Assam. Zomato revenue fy1819. How this intimate apparel factory manufacturing for the likes of Victorias Secret and Calvin Klein is empowering 18000 women in rural Andhra Pradesh: [removed]. Residential Project to Book Budget Flats in Kolkata. India Self Priming Pumps Market 20182024. Crypto Exchange Halts Services due to Indian Regulations. Silent Party Headphones in Mumbai on Rent Best Price Guarantee. Audience Response System on Rent in Pune. Top Wireless Audience Response Systems on Rent in Pune. Happy Gudi Padwa 2019. India Edge Server Market 20182024. Swimming Pool Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Famous Astrologer in Ludhiana. Media houses to pay hefty price for not taking down inappropriate content expeditiously. Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Happy National Maritime day: [removed]. Why Interior is so important All you need to know. Iris Florets Lanco Hills childrens story telling skills. Coworking Space in HSR Layout Bangalore The Venture Studios. Kanchipuram Silk Sarees Pure Kanchipuram Sarees Online shopping: [removed]. Reliance acquires another Ha: [Reliance Haptik acquisition]https//www.businesstoday.in/current/corporate/reliancejioacquiresaifirmhaptikforrs700crore/story/333956.html ampx200B Reliance now owns HArdik HAthaway HAptik ampx200B What next Harpic Any other suggestions ampx200B ampx200B. EMBASSY PVR COLORCHIPS BSE Intraday Trading Tips 05/04/2019. 300 million worth Bitcoin Ponzi scheme accused gets interim bail. Wealth Management Top 10 Points to Consider Capitalante.com. Key Factors likely to Drive Indian Stock Market ahead of Lok Sabha Election 2019. Polycab India IPO Open on 5 April with Price Band of 533 to 538 Per Share: [removed]. [Startup Bharat] At this 23yearolds school in rural Odisha students use 3D printers laser cutters to learn innovation. RBI 0.25 . Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Kalgudi: [removed]. lifestyle of wealthy people: [removed]. Muted growth prompts RBI to cut key lending rate to 6. Indias King of Good Times May Have to Cut 24000aWeek Allowance. RBI cuts repo rate by 25 basis points loan EMIs likely to fall Times of India. What is Indias current Bankruptcy Resolution Mechanism: Thereve been so many changes in the last 23 years that by the times financial express business lines of the world publish an explainer for one rule change the rules have already again been changed once or twice. What Im looking for is how a Company an Individual or a Partnership can resolve Bankruptcy and the existing NPA rules. Appellate authorities along with the rules will be a welcome addition. In light of recent SC order of quashing RBIs Feb 12 2018 circular . Shipping couriers from USA to India Cheapest price: [removed]. Water Fountains Dealers in Jalandhar. WHY GOA SHOULD BE A MUST VISIT DESTINATION ON YOUR BUCKET LIST: [removed]. US approves the sale of 24 MH 60R Romeo Seahawk 24 helicopter to India. 4 April 2019 Latest Eco News Todays Eco News in Hindi. TIFIN NAUKRI OFSS GNFC NSE Intraday Trading Tips 04/04/2019. ORIENT CEM V GUARD IND RAMINFO BSE Intraday Trading Tips 04/04/2019. NUTRA BAJAJ ELECT. INDIAN HOTEL BSE Intraday Trading Tips 03/042019. Upcoming Residential Project with Luxury 3 BHK Flats in Kolkata. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. BEST DIGITAL MARKETING COMPANY PASSINOVAT: [removed]. BEST HVAC COMPANY IN AUSTIN: [removed]. Famous Astrologer in Jalandhar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Love Marriage Specialist Astrologer. Most successful Play school in Lancohills Daycare for Kids. Simple Tricks To Outgrow Your Competition Harvey Specter Suits. Best Mutual Funds to Invest Through Systematic Investment Plan / SIP in 2019. These are the best companies to work for in India in 2019 according to LinkedIn.. 3 April 2019 Latest Eco News Todays Eco News in Hindi. courier from USA to India Courier to India from USA Courier Charges from USA to India: [removed]. India Smart TV Market 20182024. NRI Privilege Health Card AMRI Hospitals: [removed].  24 MH60 2 MH60R . .: [removed]. Top 20 Apple iPhone Service Center in Kochi Apple Repair. Electoral bonds worth Rs 1716 cr sold in Jan March by SBI. Hyatt to open 14 new hotels during the next 24 months in India CRE Herald. MUTHOOTFIN OBEROIRLTY SHOPERSTOP NIITTECH NSE Intraday Trading.... Residential Complex in South Kolkata to Book AC Apartments. C. S. Sudheer Indian money Founder and CEO INDIANMONEY DOT COM Complaints. How a cheap Indian whiskey beat Smirnoff to become the worlds largest spirits brand [September 2015]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Electric Fireplaces Manufacturer in Himachal. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Shimla Intercast Marriage. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Shimla Black Magic Removal Grotal. IIM Udaipur students complete rural immersion programme. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Shimla Vashikaran ExpertsGrotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Shimla Black Magic Expert. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Shimla Black Magic Expert. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Shimla Mohini Vashikaran. Office Space for rent in BangaloreHSR Layout by The Venture studios. Mi 1Rs Sale 2019 4th 5th and 6th April. Heights of customer satisfaction guarantee. Leading Solar panel suppliers in India Slashdot. RupeeRabbit. Learn the business model of Paytm: [removed]. Fireplace Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Best Pandit in Ludhiana. Best Digital Marketing Company in Hyderabad India Digital Acutesoft. Astrology Service in Punjab. India Solid State Drive SSD Market 20172023. Water Fountains Manufacturers in Himachal. Metropolis Healthcare Limited IPO Date Price Subscription Listing Date amp Allotment Status: [removed]. 2 April 2019 Eco News Todays Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. How to get subscribers fast hack 2019 using software to get views and subscribers. HIND MOTORS KELLTONTEC BALAJI TELE BSE Intraday Trading Tips 02/.... For all my academically confused engineering brothers and sisters out there this video can help you make the choice between an MS or an MBA. Enjoy. DURGA DEVELOPERS BANGALORE Reviews Projects Address. Bank Of Baroda Second Largest Bank of India. Media Relations Agency: [removed]. GUNTUR SPECIAL PICKLES: [removed]. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Amritsar Intercast issues. KALGUDIJute Bags: [removed]. Love Vashikaran Specialists in Amritsar. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Amritsar know Your LovelifeGrotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Amritsar Vashikaran astrologerGrotal. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Amritsar Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. India Diesel Generator Rental Market 20172023. Personal loan in India. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Amritsar Love VashikaranGrotal. Famous astrologer in jalandhar. Save us from your income tax officers they are spreading fear CAs write to PM Modi FM Jaitley. Know About Land Contracts Trading in SFarmsIndia. How would you start a business with RS 25000 in India: [removed]. Volkswagen to Buy Jaguar Land Rover for 30 Billion from Tata Motors. This is why TSeries is bad and you should subscribe to PewDiePie so he can retake 1 on YouTube I used to love TSeries and hate PewDiePie but after reading this Im not sure. PewDiePie has also donated over 13854000 rupees to India: [removed]. Bio Fertilizer Wholesale suppliers of organic bio fertilizers: [removed]. Starting today new rules of saving spending and investing kick in. Xiaomi looks to monetise internet services in India.. Water Fountains Manufacturers in Himachal. Bsc Nursing Entrance Coaching in Chandigarh. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Sensex Crosses 39000 For First Time Hits Record High Nifty Over 11700. BUY Online Telescoop ladder. Release list of convicted officials CIC orders Customs Department. 1 April 2019 Eco News Todays Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. How does 44AD work: [removed]. RUCHI SOYA GANESH ECOSP WOMENS NEXT BSE Best Intraday Trading Ti.... Tax returns for NRI: Hi Folks I am an NRI who has not visited India since last year. All my income is generated outside India and I file my taxes here regularly. Do I need to file my tax returns in India What should I be filing for since I do not have any income there Any pointers or guidelines appreciated. Thanks a ton in advance . Presenting Brij Balaji the spacious homes. Here youll discover an intimate residential enclave near modern downtown. Quickly accessible to expressway to provide easy access to Brij Balaji located in the heart of the city Patna. Learn More at www.msrajconstruction.com. Bank Starts Collecting Charges for UPI Transactions. Rail Vikas Nigam IPO Date Price Subscription Listing Date amp Allotment Status. New freelancers confusion: Hey all I am freelancer and I would like to know about the steps to follow to pay taxes from my earnings in India. Freelancing is my side business I am full time employee also. . Which bank is student friendly: Ive SBI account and they deduct money with shitty reasons and Im student and unable to maintain minimum balance threshold of 3000. Suggest me some student friendly bank. SBI Branch and customer care both sucks. Presenting Brij Balaji the spacious homes. Here youll discover an intimate residential enclave near modern downtown. Quickly accessible to expressway to provide easy access to Brij Balaji located in the heart of the city Patna. Learn More at www.msrajconstruction.com. Central Banking in India. A Retrospect and Prospects. 2 2.5 amp 3BHK Luxury Flats/Apartments for Sale at Mahadevapura Marathahalli Bangalore East. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Upcoming EM Bypass Residential Project to Book Luxury Flats in Kolkata. Plots For Sale in Sarjapur Road Land amp Sites for Sale in Sarjapur. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Three Pounds Of Grey Is Enough To Turn On Powerhouse. Manufacturer of Swimming Pools in Jalandhar. Can any CA explain me this basic stuff: So I am a student. But I work part time for a company based in the US as a transcriptionist. And they pay me in dollars via PayPal. Since foreign income earned from India is taxable Id like to file my returns. This is my first time so its all a bit confusing. Tried filing it online but its asking for employee name and TAN and salary slips Form 16 all of which are not available. Its a freelancing job and I get paid as I work. Is there some simple way to do it Or some other protocol to file taxes in such cases A simple flow chart would be appreciated. . Cyclical Stocks Vs Defensive Stocks [With Infographics] Capitalante.com. 30 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. The Worlds 3rd Busiest Air Route in 2019 Mumbai gt Delhi. Can anyone help me with SEBI PACL refund process..: I cant register on the site and if the registration is successful later it says to register again while login process.... For people who are attempting to crack banking exams amp want to avoid paying for coaching classes: [removed]. Smart Key FinderNexa Genuine Accessories Shivam Autozone. 3 bhk flat for sale in mahadevapura Bangalore East Durga Petals. electronic visa for india: [removed]. 4 ways how shared office space will be helpful for startups the ventur.... apply for india e visa and love the tourism: [removed]. Lead market Bangalore The right Place to get Your Hot Financial Leads. indian e visas: [removed]. indian e visa: [removed]. Pool Manufacturers in Himachal. MumbaiDelhi route remains the 3rd busiest domestic route in the world as of 2018 with a total operation of 45188 flights in 6 carriers as per OAG report.. Some Important process to apply an evisa for india: [removed]. Looking to employ workers to work from home carrying out administrative work: [removed]. The Worlds Cheapest Hospital Has to Get Even Cheaper Narayana Hrudayalaya. Presenting Brij Balaji the spacious homes. Here youll discover an intimate residential enclave near modern downtown. Quickly accessible to expressway to provide easy access to Brij Balaji located in the heart of the city Patna.. Presenting Brij Balaji the spacious homes. Here youll discover an intimate residential enclave near modern downtown. Quickly accessible to expressway to provide easy access to Brij Balaji located in the heart of the city Patna. www.msrajconstruction.com. 29 March 2019 Eco News Todays Eco News Latest Eco News. COALINDIA AXISBANK TVSMOTOR JUSTDIAL NSE Best Intraday Trading.... Copy dollars 100 1 in 1. One In A Million Shirt Formal Casual Linen Shirts Men. C S Sudheer Founder and CEO Indianmoney dot com Complaintsing and. This Season Be Flexible in Every Role with Linens. M3M India Indias No 1 Real Estate Company:  [M3M Group]http//www.m3mindia.com/ with its flawless witness of achievement and status for developing perfect highend projects with innovation class and speed thats why M3M is a strong nominee to claim the title of Indias No 1 real estate company. for more details please dial 1800 123 3333 or log on to [http//www.m3mindia.com/]http//www.m3mindia.com/ Processing img 34noaj0houo21... Processing img twatck0houo21.... Secret to success in life from the director of a multimillion dollar company. Durga Projects and Infrastructure Bangalore Durga Project Address. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Gurgaon Love Vashikaran. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Gurgaon Black Magic ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Gurgaon NCR. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Gurgaon. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Gurgaon Online Services. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Gurgaon Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Tax raids on Karnataka businessmen Official. New Holland Agriculture delivers 110 tractors in Uganda. Spotlight Is Startup Scene In Karnataka Actually Attractive Confirms StartUp India by Honble Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.. Best Astrologist in Ludhiana 1. Ship Incident Investigation Scenes. YC Interviews in India. 28 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. SWAN HOTEL LEELA ARNOLD BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 28th .... DELTACORP YESBANK UJJIVAN GODREJPROP NSE Best Intraday Trading.... Looking for Flats in Tollygunge Visit Alcove Tower 5. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Learn About all Types of Loans CS Sudheer Complaints Indian money review. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Kolkata Apple Repair. Rajan says Cong consulted him on NYAY claims fiscal space can be created for it.. Wealth Word of the Day Exchange Traded Fund. Best Ways to Choose the right landscaping management company for a property: [removed]. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Gurgaon Apple Repair. 4 BHK Flats in Baner Luxury Flats in Baner Pashan Aundh Montclaire: [removed]. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Pune Apple Repair. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. List of Vashikaran Specilaists in Pune with Contact Number. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Pune with contact details. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Pune Online Solution. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Pune Famous Astrologer. Corporate Fixed Deposits/Company FD Check Company FD List 2019. 5 Years CAGR of Corporate Group Market Cap. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Pune with contact details. Bengaluru businessman testdriving Range Rover crashes into railings killed. Office Space for rent in BangaloreHSR Layout by The Venture studios. Should I buy a home or rent and invest the money Capitalante.com. 27 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. FEDERAL ASIAN PAINTS ESCORTS BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for .... ICICIPRULI MINDTREE RAYMOND REPCOHOMENSE Best Intraday Trading T.... Jet Airways Naresh Goyal Pens Down Beautiful Letter Before Stepping Down As Director. AC Maintenance Companies in Dubai. Kerala billionaire buys Scotland Yard for Rs 1000 crore turns it into 5star hotel. Tech careers Forget Silicon Valley. Gen Z is looking at China India. Govt Achieved divestment target for 2nd year in a row rakes in Rs 85000 cr. MSME ministry data show sales stood at Rs 2510 crore in 201718. In the first four years of this government sales grew at an annual average of over 30 against 6.7 in the previous 10 years.. Love Vashikaran Specialists with Contact Details of Noida. Ola auto goes international Launches a rickshaw service in Liverpool . Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Black Magic Specialist. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Noida Payment after work. TheBookStore Buy Business And Management Books Online: [removed]. Corporate Salary Accounts at KVB Bank. Searching for the interior designers in sarjapur road bangalore. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Noida Vashikaran Experts. KVB YuvaShakti Savings for Youth. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Noida Famous Astrologer. Rainbow Savings Bank Scheme KVB Bank. Eye Drops Franchise in Punjab Pharma Fanchise for Ophthalmic Range: [removed]. Open Regular Savings Account at KVB. Open Student Savings Account KVB Bank. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Noida Control Your Partner. Tata Sons Etihad Airways Delta Air Lines and Qatar Airways Long list of suitors for Jet Airways. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Eye Drops Franchise in Karnataka Ophthalmic PCD Franchise in Mysore: [removed]. Indian money review Lead Market Bangalore Lead Market App Review. Kalgudi Store. Cutting Tools Metal Cutting Tools Manufacturer SAMTECTOOLS: [SAMTECTOOLS]https//samtectools.com/ is partnered with several leading customized cutting tools like [Machine Deburring]https//samtectools.com/deburring.php [Face Grooving Tools]https//samtectools.com/grooving.php Coolant Hoses and [metal cutting tools accessory]https//samtectools.com/accessories.php manufacturing companies from Israel Germany Switzerland Italy U.K. USA South Korea and Japan.. TDS The Definitive Guide To TDS Rules amp Certificate. Top 20 Used Car Loan Providers in Hyderabad Second hand cars loan. Top 20 Used Car Loan Providers in Hyderabad Second hand cars loan. HATHWAY VIP GAIL BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 26th March 2019. COCHINSHIP TIINDIA SIS JETAIRWAYS NSE Best Intraday Trading Ti.... Vastu Consultant in Delhi: [removed]. Rent Hire amp Lease Anything Online In India. Amid debt crisis Jet Airways chairman and wife quit. FAQ Real Estate Property in Kolkata. Hyundai QXI Subcompact SUV Spotted Testing NDTV CarAndBike. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. TheBookStore Online Competitive Exam Books in India. Online Trading By Futurewins Review. Coworking and Office spaces for rent by The Venture Studios HSR Layout Bangalore. Naresh Goyal quits First act of gripping drama ends Jets fate now up in the air. Naresh Goyal quits: https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/airlines/aviation/nareshgoyalquitsfirstactofgrippingdramaendsjetsfatenowupintheair/articleshow/68560849.cms. Top 20 Project Report Services in Ahmedabad with Details. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Love Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai with Contact Details. What do I do about my receding airline. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai Kaala Jaadu Experts. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Chennai Famous Astrologer. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Chennai with contact details. Best 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai Vashikaran in Chennai. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Chennai Love VashikaranGrotal. Selling my mixer on OLX Bangalore: [removed]. Top 20 PhD Thesis Writing Services in Ahmedabad with Details. CARERATING ASIANPAINT FLFL ZYDUSWELL NSE Best Intraday Trading.... Neighbor and friends with black money: Some of my friends and my neighbors have loads of black money stashed and they keep encouraging me to take their cash in exchange for Paytm money or bank transfer. Can someone enlighten me about the pros and cons of this I dont have any black money and have very low income in general.. Best MidCap Mutual Funds to Invest in 2019 .... Do you agree Any other suggestions. Six Sigma. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Visit Flora Fountain to Book 3 BHK Flats in Kolkata Heres Why. Stock News Best Share to Buy LampT Mind Tree PNB. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. See the winners of Mahindra Samriddhi India Agri Awards 2019. Basics of Income Tax of India: [removed]. Hedge Funds in India Capitalante.com. Black Crystal Long Drop Earrings Online for Rs 199. The Fall of Indias Most Favourite Banker. Coworking and Office spaces for rent by The Venture Studios HSR Layout Bangalore. Shipping couriers from USA to India Cheapest price SHOPUSA: [removed]. Nexop Academy Best Digital Marketing Course in Guwahati. KVB Freedom Savings for Professionals. KVB Prestige Savings for HNIs. How do I get started in the insurance industry in India: Apologies in advance if this is the wrong sub for this quite happy in fact if you can redirect me to the right place to post this. ampx200B Anyway I finished my BBA from the US in Risk Management and Insurance with a focus on the property and casualty insurance industry and one day would like to work as an underwriter for a major insurance company in India. However Ive got no clue at all about how to go about getting a job in the insurance industry considering Ive been outside for 5 years now and was obviously unable to participate in college placements here. Can anyone here give me some advice on what to do what certifications/licenses to aim for or just point me in any direction at all ampx200B I used to get calls for interviews from 1 in every 3 jobs that I applied for in the US but my response rate has been 0 in India and this is starting to really upset me to the point where I am willing to take on almost any job at all just so I can get started in the industry that am so passionate about. . INDIGO SKFINDIA GUJFLUORO IBULHSGFIN NSE Best Intraday Trading.... Indian Man Fired And Deported From UAE For Celebrating Christchurch Attack. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best savings bank debit / credit services: Hey [/r/india]https//www.reddit.com/r/india I was wondering what banks people lean towards and the reason behind sticking to that bank including interest rates / good cards. Thanks. INDIGO SKFINDIA GUJFLUORO IBULHSGFIN NSE Best Intraday Trading.... We require donor very urgentlyyou can save life of others: [removed]. Devdutt Pattanaik on diversity in India from a business point of view: [removed]. Embassy Office Parks REIT IPO Allotment Status and Listing Date. Indian money reviews online Ratings Free. Handyman is in your town Now. From plastic surgery to citizenship of Vanuatu Fugitive Nirav Modi planned it all. More than 25 per cent of loans of six banks in Gujarat are NPA Bankers report. Visit the Upcoming Residential Projects in Kolkata EM Bypass. 5 Tips On How To Choose A Payroll Services Company in Dubai UAE. Ideas About How To Choose A Payroll Services Company in UAE Aldhia. Indianmoney Complaints Service Indian money company. KVB Jumbo Savings for Kids. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Ahmedabad Apple Repair. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Kochi Apple Repair. Create own cryptocurrency IEO Launchpad ERC20 Token Apps IOS amp Android IEO script website Video: [removed]. KVB Shakthi for Women. AC on rent in Chandigarh: [removed]. Indias rupee just went from Asias worst to best currency. Asias richest man may reap rewards from brothers telecom woes.. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Ahmedabad with contact details. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Ahmedabad Mohini VashikaranGrotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Ahmedabad Online Solution Grotal. Last Minute Arrival Mukesh Ambani Saves Anil Ambani ...: [removed]. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Ahmedabad Love vashikaran Grotal. [Serious][selfpromotion] Hi r/India new user here. I returned to India post my business masters worked in management consulting and now trying to solve India specific problem jobs. Please provide feedback.: [removed]. Best Mutual Funds to Invest Through Systematic Investment Plan / SIP in 2019. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Ahmedabad with contact detailsGrotal. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Ahmedabad Love VashikaranGrotal. Shared Office space at The Venture Studios Bangalore. FD Calculator Fixed Deposit Maturity amp Interest Rate Calculator 2019. River Sand River Mouth Sand: [removed]. Best Basic Computer course Institute in Delhi: [removed]. 20 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. The Ugly Quant For careers in the field of Quantitative Finance do not forget to subscribe. KESAR PETRO UNITED BANK ESCORTS LTD BSE Best Intraday Trading Ti.... APOLLOTYRE INDIANB SIEMENS RAMCOCEM NSE Best Intraday Trading .... Question to IIM graduates: [removed]. It happens only in India . Luxury Plots near HSR Layout Pionier Lifestyle plus. Durga Developers Feedback Durga Petals Review Projects Address and Price. How Can I start a flower business In India. Speak To the Financial Experts of Indianmoney Complaints Panel to Get Advice for Your Financial Decisions Indian money company. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Chandigarh Apple Repair. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Hyderabad Apple Repair. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Event Video Production Services: [removed]. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Mumbai Apple Repair. Mindtree promoters unconditionally oppose LampTs hostile takeover. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Delhi Apple Repair. Investment Services at KVB Bank. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Kochi Online Solution Grotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Kochi Love Vashikaran. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Kochi Online Solution Grotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Kochi Black Magic Help. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Kochi Vashikaran Specialist. PayU leaks complete card number. When You Have a Systematic Plan No Dream is Too Big. When Your Business Idea Is Worth Pursuing: If your business idea is unique and meets the needs of people and they welcome it regardless of cost and other factors its worth pursuing.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Anil Ambani thanks elder brother Mukesh Ambani for paying Ericsson dues. Book keeping accounting online tool: I give small term loans to my acquaintances at a predeterimined interest rate. However it becomes difficult to track and communicate the outstanding amount to the loanee party. I use whatsapp and email it is very ineffective and labourous to do the calculations each time. I am looking for a tool which we can sync up and shows the current status of the oustanding amount and the future payments required to be made by the loanee. Thanks in advance.. Vashikaran Specialist in Jalandhar. Investing in the Philippines: Hi everyone Im Amos John Domingo from the Philippines. Im looking for investors in our business and its a 10 interest every month for a minimum of 50000 PHP. Add me on Skype amosjohn.domingo and we can discuss it further. You can also send a message here in Reddit. Many thanks India . TATASTEEL PRESTIGE SHOPERSTOP TCI NSE Best Intraday Trading Ti.... How Crony Capitalism works in India 2019 edition.. Mukesh Ambani Anil Ambani thanks elder brother Mukesh Ambani for paying Ericsson dues The Economic Times. Anil Ambanis RCom Pays 462 Crore Dues to Ericsson a Day Before Supreme Court Deadline Ends. AC Apartments Ready to Sell in South Kolkata near Tollygunge Metro. Royal Enfield EKAM partner for maternal amp child healthcare. Durga projects Bangalore Durga Petals Review Durga project address. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Chandigarh Mohali Panchkula. Want To Expand Your New Business: [removed]. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Chandigarh Love AstrologerGrotal. Is It the Right Time to Invest in Mid and Small Cap Stocks: [removed]. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Chandigarh with Complete Address Reviews and Rating. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Chandigarh Love AstrologerGrotal. The government should have Buyer Protection over UPI transaction: If you use paypal you clearly have the idea of what I am saying. In paypal if a transaction is done with the exception of friend and family option then that transaction comes under the Buyer Protection . PayPal gives you 180 days to request a refund if something goes wrong weather its digital product or an actual item. We all know how scammers use Paytm and upi maybe the issues are not that alarming but it will be much better if gov give an option where all transaction somewhere 100rs500rs and above where money is sent to merchant account should have buyer protection where theysome entity of gov service will step in and make the right choice. I know paypal takes a small amount for transaction so maybe we can have a small check/uncheck option to pay little extra just to get buyer protection on that transaction or if the amount is large then the buyer protection must be auto applied.. C S Sudheer Lead market The right Place to get Your Hot Financial Leads. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Chandigarh Vashikaran Experts. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Chandigarh Remove Black Magic Grotal. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana ProcessEligibility and Subsidy for Existing Home Loan Customer Youth Ki Awaaz. Simple and common mistakes which can make your SEO efforts waste. Outlook on crypto: [removed]. Indias first REIT IPO opens for subscription today should we invest. Global Trailer Magazines market report on India: Fuelled by strong economic growth Indias trailer manufacturing industry is currently undergoing the most fundamental structural shift since the advent of the diesel engine. But with progress comes a new set of challenges. [Read more.]http//www.globaltrailermag.com/market/view/marketreportindia ampx200B. GAIL INOX LEISURE PRIME BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 18th .... Instant loan: College students and recent graduates can borrow money instantly on mPokket app. Use this link to install and earn Rs.50 cashback. Enjoy https//mpokket.com/mpkt/oU839L. Business ideas: I have a 2 acre farm in the interior of Akola Maharashtra. The farm is well connected to road network. The soil type is black regur cotton soil mainly for tur bajra cereals. The farm is currently been cultivated by tenant who pays 12k 6k per acre. I need some ideas how can I make a business model. I visited today for a bag full of soil for my home garden. I have an idea to sell the soil on amazon. Other idea is to look into setting up ginning mill so that I can get raw cotton from adjacent farmers. Also I have a vacant godown in MIDC. I need ideas how can I make use of it profitably. Please suggest. Thanks.. Jio got me creeped out.: Guys so Ive been thinking about Jio. Remember when they first turned up in the market They fucking turned it on its head overnight. And now after almost a year idk the exact duration since it first became a thing I cant stop thinking of some hidden agenda behind it. Telecom and internet is an important part of peoples lives. If Reliance gets a monopoly over it they could abuse their power and possible influence peoples views and opinions. Their close affinity to the current government who have shown that theyll stoop to low and cheap levels of propaganda to sway public opinion makes me even more suspicious of Jio. Now I see that theyve been banning sites and shit. Isnt this a violation of internet rights Im pretty worried about the state of free speech and net neutrality in the country and Im getting really suspicions of Jio. Time to start a BoycottJio movement Opinions please.. DJ Snake concert Bangalore pass for cheap. Read description.: I couldnt cancel my ticket on BookMyShow so here I am. I got the early bird passes for 500. Ill sell it for 400price is negotiable. If youre interested pm me. And no Im not going to scam you.. Opinion request about holding or selling shares of Riddhi Steel Tubes BSE listed company: [removed]. Rising exports reduced imports Indias trade deficit reaches a 17 month low. Money Help for 10 Lakhs. Regarding Tax.: Using a throwaway account for obvious reasons. My dad recently sold land for Rs 10 Lakhs and wants to transfer it to me. The money is already in my dads account and he wants to write me a cheque for it. I generally maintain a Bank balance for Rs 20k to 30k per month and have never transacted over Rs 1 Lakh. 1. Can I accept the cheque directly and deposit it into my account 2. Will there be any legal implications if i accept the money 3. What percentage of it am I liable to pay as Tax ampx200B My apologies if ive posted this on the wrong sub. Any info will be highly appreciated. ampx200B. RBI names SBI ICICI and HDFC as systemically important banks. hul says no loss due to surf excel ad baclash. I want to buy bitcoin: I needed some particular amount of btc. fee was higher than I expected still I bought it. Then I transferred it to my wallet and I was unaware of transfer fees. After deducting transfer fees i was left with less than what I need . I can buy btc again but I dont want to pay this fees again . If anyone wants to trade pm me.. SUCCESS STORY // FLIPKART // How Flipkart Got Success// HINDI // VISHN.... Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. [Lighnining deal]Sennheiser HD 4.40BT Bluetooth Headphones price decreased by 1498 current price 5992. How to start investing: Im about to pass college with a decent job in hand. Is there any previous post on how to start investing for a newbie with no knowledge on trading and investments. DURGA DEVELOPERS BANGALORE Reviews Projects Address. [Lightning Deal/Amazon] Sennheiser HD 4.40BT Bluetooth Headphones 5992. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. HR Challenges and Plans for Startups. Cant wait to get Oneplus 7: So Im currently using a backup phone since my Oneplus 2 went bad I Really want to go for the upcoming Oneplus 7 but may is really far I click a lot of pictures with my phone and I will miss out a lot of pictures during this time. Is there any way I can get the current Oneplus 6t and upgrade to oneplus 7 by giving a few thousand rupees Is there any option like this .  3000 . http//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/03/300015.htmlm1. Earn 5 euros or more in 5 minutes.: 1. Download Monese app from google playstore 2. Register and leave blank or add code to referral PEDRO193 to receive free 5 3. Confirm your identity 4. When your account is activated you need to make topup for 10 bank transfer free or instant topup 0.35 5. After topup you will receive 5 you can instantly withdraw 15 .Then you can use your referral code to invite other people to get 10 and they 5. Upcoming Residential Projects to Book Your Luxury Flat in Kolkata. Building A Happy Future Alcove Realty. Chinese Goods will be boycotted on 19 march. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore Black Magic Specialist. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore Black Magic Specialist. Why some B2Bs have it all wrong about marketing on social media platforms. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Bangalore Payment after Work. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore Remove black magicGrotal. VDR Analysis: [removed]. diaphragm pump: [removed]. Hebron Properties Luxury Real Estate Developers in Bangalore amp Cochin. Celebrate For All Ladies Who Love To Enjoy Your International Womens Day. Company layoffs urgently seeking a job by the end of this month: [removed]. The Venture Studios has cool Coworking and furnished shared office spaces for rent in Bangalore. Top 36 Types of Mutual Funds after Categorization and Rationalization of Mutual fund schemes by SEBI. Aditya SunTV Bata India Blue Star NSE Best Intraday Trading Ti.... PATEL ENGG ASSO ALCOHOL KALYANI STEL BSE Best Intraday Trading Ti.... Your Savings vs. Inflation and GDP HINDI Manish Ahuja Paycheck to Profit. What courier service i can opt for so to transfer 100s of products to the amazon warehouse.: [removed]. Why Flora Fountain is Best to Book Your 3BHK Flats in Kolkata. Here Is How Your Credit Utilisation Ratio Can Affect Your CIBIL Score. C S Sudheer Lead Market Review Blogs Pictures and more on WordPress. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Hyderabad Vashikaran Specialist. IoT AND OEE. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Hyderabad Payment after work. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad Online SolutionGrotal. Bus Branding and Advertising Agency/Company In Bangalore. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Hyderabad Payment after work. Famous Astrologer in Ludhiana. 100 Leather belt. Belts for every outfit Check on Amazon for more products.. CoinBazaar India has revamped the way people used to buy precious metals.. 10 secrets of becoming a successful entrepreneur. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Mumbai Vashikaran Specialist. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Kala Jadu Experts in Mumbai. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in MumbaiKala Jadu Experts Mumbai. US agree to build six nuclear power plants in India. SUNTECK REAL EQUITAS CAPTAIN POLY BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips.... HDFCBANK COFFEEDAY ABB NESTLEIND NSE Best Intraday Trading Tip.... Seven Ways to Prepare for 20192020 MBA Admissions mbaMissions Guide. Was Spotifys India Launch Overhyped A First Look at Streaming Data ReadyPipe. Scholarship information for Law Student: [removed]. 10yearanalysis Number H1B Visa Applicants from India 153.1 Higher in 2018 Compared to 2009: [removed]. What are the effects of electronic money. Apartments in South Kolkata Tollygunge. HDFC Bank Crosses Rs. 6 Trillion: [removed]. Ayurvedic Medicines Manufacturer in Hyderabad. Bloomberg onboards XBRL data from Bombay Stock Exchange. One Stop Window for Business Advisory Services: [removed]. OYO is the Worlds Seventh Largest Hotel Chain: Hospitality firm OYO Hotels and Rooms are working on a roadmap for 1million room inventory from the existing count of 5.15 lakh. OYO had reported over a 3X jump in India revenues from Rs 120 crore in FY17 to Rs 416 crore in FY18 while the net loss went slightly up to Rs 360 crore in last fiscal year from Rs 355 crore in the preceding year. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/890lk9tdcul21.jpg. Luxury 2 BHK apartments sale in Marathahalli Durga Petals. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. CCTV Surveillance Camera Kit Indoor amp Outdoor. After 10 years India no longer worlds top weapons importer. CtrlAltStall Indias engineers struggle for work as jobs crisis worsens. BSNL fails to pay February salary to 1.76 lakh employees. DECCAN KARUR VYPS IRISMEDIA BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for.... Excel Confusion. 2 2.5 amp 3BHK Luxury Flats/Apartments for Sale at Mahadevapura Marathahalli Bangalore East. IBPS PO Mains result 2019 declared. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Delhi Vashikaran Experts. Hebron PropertiesLuxury Real Estate Developers in Bangalore and Cochin. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Delhi Vashikaran ExpertsGrotal. Bookmarking 24 Free bookmarking submission Free article submission High PR bookmarking submission: [removed]. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic expertsGrotal. India office quarterly supply and absorption trends: The CY1418 period has seen falling vacancy levels rental appreciation and consolidation within the space with just a handful of 810 large panIndia office developers dominating the market. At the same time the office space has seen a healthy inflow of institutional money from foreign investors private market deals to these developers portfolios to add incremental space. According to industry estimates the rental yield from commercial property is in the range of 79 percent while the capital appreciation can be expected to be between 47 percent over the long term. A possible listing of Indias first Real Estate Investment Trust REIT by Embassy Office Parks in HICY19 may provide clarity on the cumulative yields that Indian REITs may offer as a mix of existing rental income and capital appreciation. https//i.redd.it/c3mpv18s1ol21.jpg. Get List of Skilled Black Magic Specialists in Delhi. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Delhi Black Magic Expert. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Delhi Vashikaran Astrologer in Delhi. Unsecured Business Loan and Personal Loan in Ludhiana. About indianmoney reviews Indian Money Reviews Indian money Reviews. Amazon India uses unnecessarily huge plastic bags for packaging deliveries. Environment conservation anybody Pen in the bottom left to give an idea of the size. SABCs Project SAFFAL to fight Fall Armyworm. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. India 2016 Building Blocks for Infrastructure Investment. COLGATE PALM CASTROL ESCORTS LTD. BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips.... DABUR APOLLOTYRE TATAGLOBAL MUTHOOTFIN NSE Best Intraday Tradi.... There is Nothing Like A Bad Investment Tool. Residential Flats in Manewada Nagpur at 25 Lakh 2BHK. Where to Book Your 4 BHK Flat in Kolkata near Science City. Super Potassium Humate Super Potassium Humate Flakes amp Powder: [removed]. Residential Projects with Luxury Flats in Kolkata. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Manali Vashikaran Experts. Buy Used Medical Equipment: [removed]. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Manali Black Magic Removal Grotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Manali Black Magic Expert. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Manali Vashikaran Specialists. Demonetisation Who will connect the missing dots in Narendra Modi govts biggest economic experiment Firstpost. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Shimla Mohini Vashikaran. Just started working and need some questions about my finances answer: Using my shitposting account. Basically I come from a family of moderately backward people who were unable to answer these questions clearly. I was never taught stuff like this. I got a pretty decent job where Ill be making about 70k a month after tax. I hear people use some terms that I dont fully understand. I wish to organise my salary as such. I want to put in 15k towards mutual funds and another 10k in savings. Now I hear about salary and savings account. Is there any specific difference between the two or are they just names for accounts that my employer credits monthly vs the account I use to store my savings Or are these types of accounts with a bank with certain advantages to them Essentially should I have two bank account If I am supposed to maintain two accounts what implications would this have with the whole adhaar linking stuff Would there by anything I should take care of during tax returns It would be cool is someone could answer all this for me. And if theres anything else you think I should read please take the time out to list them so that I can go off and do some more reading. Thanks a lot everyone . Luxury Plots near HSR Layout Pionier Lifestyle plus. RBL Bank becomes no.1 in Point of Sales PoS: [removed]. Triphala Ayurvedic Medicine in Bangalore. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Indias Largest Store For Digital Goods Special Discounts on Digital Software amp Games For Redditors: [removed]. SIEMENS LTD ORIENT TRADE BERGE PAINT BSE Best Intraday Trading T.... COALINDIA BAJAJAUTO TNPL BIRLACORPN NSE Best Intraday Tradin.... I am starting his first job soon paying 3.5 lpa. How can I ensure that my income reaches at least 3540 lp in the next 5 years: I am an engineering graduate I have no student loans and am open to both job and business suggestions. I know this question seems ridiculous but I would really like some serious suggestions if you have any.. Ola Hyundai in talks for 300 million fund infusion. Top 10 Types of Insurance Policy in India Capitalante.com. CMV Play Music India is better than Spotify India:  If youve been using Spotify with a VPN a lot of your favourited songs will be disabled now. Some of the Twentyone Pilots songs are disabled Even some of the Indian songs are disabled Spotify is slightly more expensive than Play Music. Why What does r/india think about Spotify coming to India. Survey for financial planning: [removed]. Patent Prosecution Process in India. How To Earn Money By Investing In A Stock Market. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Triphala Ayurvedic Medicine in Bangalore. How To Achieve Financial Freedom In Life. Ashok Leyland launches New Guru 1010 in India.: [removed]. Smart customer acquisition strategy by Audi. What are the most popular coworking spaces in Bangalore. Most Popular Cryptocurrencies in India According to Exchanges. Daily wear Rayon Kurti Starts 195/ singles available. Exclusive Telegraph journalists tracked down Nirav Modi the billionaire diamond tycoon who is a suspect for the biggest banking fraud in Indias history. Ponzi Scheme Fraud. Check Best Web Development Company in Ahmedabad. Tower 5 The Residential Complex in South Kolkata near Tollygunge. Top 23 Best Investment Options in India Capitalante.com. Businesses need to pay up to 20 for using Aadhaar services UIDAI. Top Reasons for need of Financial Independence for Women. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Shimla Mohini Vashikaran. A charming woman doesnt follow the crowd. She is herself Happy Womans day http//www.upstartspace.com/. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Shimla Black Magic Expert. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Shimla Vashikaran ExpertsGrotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Shimla Intercast Marriage. Daily wear Rayon Kurti Starts 195/ singles available. Resonant capacitors. List of Factors that Makes Your Health Insurance Premium Affordable. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Adjustable Fashion Rings for womens and girls. Well built body and a career in Finance in India: [removed].  SSC http//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/03/ssc.htmlm1. GARDEN SILK FERRO ALLOYS MANGALAM CEM BSE Best Intraday Trading .... JAYAGROGN SARDAEN COROMANDEL AVANTIFEED NSE Best Intraday Trad.... Cause why not mislead them customers into paying more.. Airtel to raise up to INR 320 billion through a mix of Rights Issue and Perpetual Bond Issuance. IndianMoney.com in Bangalore India is a top company in Financial Planning and. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. India Offers The Worlds Cheapest Mobile Data: Helmed by Mukesh Ambanis Jio India has the least expensive mobile data with 1GB costing just Rs.18.5 compared to global average of about Rs.600 https//i.redd.it/kwjr103ppok21.jpg . Sugar production is around 248 lakh tonnes by February. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Solan Vashikaran Specialist. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Solan Kala Jadu Specialist. Immersion heating elements manufacturers in India: [removed]. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Solan Black Magic SpecialistGrotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Solan Love Control Specialist. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Solan Intercast MarriageGrotal. Buy 2 BHK Flats for Sale in Marathahalli Bangalore Durga Petals. Dabur promotes oral hygiene at Kumbh Mela. Exploring the ABCD for Starting Up With CII Chandigarhs Vice Chairman. A to Z About Health Insurance Claim. NIITTECH JK LAKSHMI INDIGO BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 7t.... TITAN BAJFINANCE SUNPHARMA RELIANCE NSE Best Intraday Trading .... Know About Anil Ambani Achievement Of Anil Ambani. Lost 5 crores in stock market.: [removed]. 6 worst credit card mistakes millennials make and how to avoid them. Indian employers are the worst. There is not system competence or humanity. Practically 80 of the Indian companies are made of fossilized professional who have very little clue about the world. If any expat is Reading this. Do not come here. This country has very very few good native corporations.. Buy 2 BHK Flats for Sale in Marathahalli Bangalore Durga Petals. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Amritsar Love VashikaranGrotal. 7 Step Guide to Kickass Personal Finance. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Amritsar Mohini Vashikaran Grotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Amritsar Vashikaran astrologerGrotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Amritsar know Your LovelifeGrotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Amritsar Intercast issues. Celebrating The Womens Era with Dr. Geethanjali KR Chief content officer at Modasta Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Set your goals high and dont stop till you get there http//www.upstartspace.com/. Indianmoney Complaints Service for all India indianmoney.com Review. Real Estate Property Management Company: [removed]. DropShipping Supplier India companies Clothes Apparel Lingerie . [Channel] Video Animation Company Konnect Me Animations. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Paytm First launched What is means for users. How to Invest in the Stock Market Capitalante.com. passive income ideas. Tata Motors unveils 4 products at Geneva Motor show hatchback Altroz SUV H2X main attractions Times of India. ITC AXISBANK BPCL GRAPHITE NSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 6th March 2019. LAKSHMIVILAS BAJAJ FINSE TVS MOTOR BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 6th March 2019. Upcoming Residential Project with Luxury 3BHK Flats in Kolkata. IndRussian 3 billion Nuclear Submarine Deal to be signed this week. Spotify adds 1 million unique listeners in India in less than a week. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Gurgaon Love Vashikaran. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Gurgaon. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Gurgaon Black Magic ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Gurgaon Online Services. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Gurgaon NCR. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Gurgaon Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Check Trademark Status Your Trademark Application Status in India. She is powerful not because she isnt scared but because she goes on confidently despite the fear This is the womens era to be celebrated.: [removed]. Trademark Registration Cost In India Trademarks Fees. Trump Plans To Scrap Preferential Trade Treatment For India.... Packers And Movers Bangalore. Best Moving Company In India. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Delhi Apple Repair Delhi. Online medical equipment for dialysis. Just saying. Best Apple Laptop Service Center in Delhi Apple Repair Delhi. DBS Bank India eyes fourfold growth in balance sheet in five years. Applying on eVisa India Online: [removed]. Willing to start Baskin Robbins Franchise in my city. Am yet to pass UG. Are there any Loan facilities for students: [removed]. JUSTDIAL GRAPHITE RAYMOND TATAELXSI NSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 5th March 2019. HIND FOODS SINTEX IND ASHOKA BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 5th March 2019. Open your Demat account for Free Now OFFER TILL 7TH MARCH hURRY UP: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/hllchout94k21.png ampx200B Ratan Tata Ratan Tatabacked online discount brokerage startup Upstox is looking to tap users in smaller Indian towns apart from millennials who want to invest in the stock market and mutual funds as it looks to catch rival Zerodha. Upstox plans has already begun paying dividends as it is clocking nearly 200 growth in revenues on a yearonyear basis and has even turned profitable. To do this it has been innovative by reaching out to customers in regional languages rather than English. I read about this news and want to give it a try on Upstox because some times zerodha is not working fine during trading . I lost some money because of it so I opened an account in that .[https//tinyurl.com/yxmsfya5]https//tinyurl.com/yxmsfya5 open your account here for FREE and you can get Free brokerage fee upto 300 if you use REF300 Offer is valid till MARCH 7th The account opening is free now and it is easy compared to zerodha . Opening a demat account is Aadhaarbased. You just have to keep these documents handy to fasttrack your application Aadhaar Card PAN Card Canceled Cheque and the Latest Bank Statement with IFSC/MICR code. My experience with Upstox has been great Before using Upstox I used three other major stock trading services but Upstox stands far from those. Support at Upstox is fabulous Its quick effortless and efficient. Its better to trade through Upstox to earn more money without paying huge amounts in brokerage. Get more leverage Upto 20X margin on Intraday 6X margin on Futures amp 4X margin on Options. Open demat account in a day No more paperwork simply verify with Aadhaar to open an account within a day The support is quick advanced platform No troubles. [https//tinyurl.com/yxmsfya5]https//tinyurl.com/yxmsfya5 open your account here for FREE and you can get Free brokerage fee upto 300 if you use REF300 . Offer is valid till MARCH 7th Here is how Upstox is unique. 1. Upstox offers completely free account opening both for Demat and Trading accounts. This is unlike Zerodha which charges for account opening. 2. Upstox is backed by world class investors including Mr. Ratan Tata. 3. Upstox Pro has [a higher Google Play rating]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailshlenampidin.upstox.pro with a 4.3. 4. Upstox Pro is a completely inhouse proprietary software build from the ground up. It is available on both mobile Android and iOS and Web. 5. You can invest mutual funds for free through Upstox. Zerodha charges Rs. 50 per month if you have an account balance over Rs. 25000 6. Upstox is known for its extreme stability especially during volatile markets. If theres one thing a trader prioritizes the most it is to have a stable trading platform.. New Residential amp Commercial Projects in Kolkata. How to File a Patent in India Procedure amp Documents. EzPro Card Swipe Machine POS terminal. Most Popular Apartment Amenities in 2019 Shrinivas Kulkarni Medium. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Pune Payment after work. Metallised Polyester film Capacitors in India. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Pune Payment after work. Tax Free Income in India. List of Vashikaran Specilaists in Pune with Contact Number. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Pune Online Solution. 5 ideas that transform boring office to fun co working office space theventurestudios hsr layout. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Pune Famous Astrologer. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Pune with contact details. Petrol and Diesel Price Hike All You Need to Know unknown facts. Affordable Budget Hotels by HourCouple friendly safe Top hourly Budget Hotels for day use and Night stay in BangaloreBTM LayoutBannerghatta RoadBasveshwara Nagar. Tata Sons rejigs businesses into ten verticals. Merits And Demerits of Voluntary GST Registration. Techniques of Inventory Management that can Save your Money. IT is the only sector with multidecadal growth visibility TCS CEO. 6 Signs that You are Gambling in Stocks Capitalante.com. Spotify and Warner are holding India hostage in their global food fight. Cash Transaction Limit in India. How To Buy Bitcoin In India After RBI Ban.: In such a situation the most important question is how to buy bitcoin in India after the ban. An answer to this question is a P2P peertopeer trading exchange platform that enables one to purchase bitcoins in India even after the ban by RBI. A P2P exchange supports the most popular payment methods and allows individuals from different countries to purchase Bitcoin for their local currency. ampx200B. Best Apple Authorised Service Center in Hyderabad iPhone Repair Ipad and Macbook Repair. Best Apple Authorised Service Center in Hyderabad iPhone Repair Ipad and Macbook Repair. Best Apple Authorised Service Center in Mumbai iPhone Repair Ipad and Macbook Repair. Best Apple Authorised Service Center in Delhi iPhone Repair Ipad and MacBook Repair. What is 50/30/20 Rule of Money Capitalante.com. Mahindra Starts Electric Taxi Service Glyd In Mumbai. We need a weekly cofounder and startup thread.: Title says it all but given the concentration of career advice seekers developers other professionals here everybody could benefit by having a cofounder/share your startup thread here each week. People could share and discuss their startup specific problems share their products get feedback and help make this community awesomer . Spotify and Warner are holding India hostage in their global food fight. Upcoming Residential Projects in Kolkata by Alcove Realty. Indianmoney Complaints Service for all India Indian money company. Get Set to Goal Setting: [removed]. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Trademark Consultants in US. Happy birthday wishes and celebration February 2019. Durga Projects And Infrastructure Reviews Discussions IREF Indian Real Estate Forum. Ready to Occupy Flats in Marathahalli Bangalore Durga Petals. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Pune Lenovo Repair center. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Noida with contact details. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Noida Payment after work. How The Venture Studios made their journey to becoming the best coworking and office space in Bangalore. Quartz Infrared Heating Elements. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Black Magic Specialist. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Noida Famous Astrologer. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Noida Control Your Partner. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Kolkata Lenovo Repair center. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Noida Lenovo Repair center. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Chennai Lenovo Repair center. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Chandigarh Lenovo Repair center. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Bangalore Lenovo Repair center. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Hyderabad Lenovo Repair center. Why People Lose Money in Stock Market Capitalante.com. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Mumbai Lenovo Repair center. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Delhi Lenovo Repair center. GAIL TITAN HDFCLIFE QUICKHEAL NSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 1st March 2019. DELTA CORP COUNTRY COND RANA SUGARS BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 1st March 2019. Indra Nooyi joins Amazon Board of Directors. Adani Group flies high in airport privatisation plan. Ageold issues dog sector Spicejet CEO. Best 2 Bhk Apartments In Thanisandra Coevolve Group. Poor decisions harming aviation. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Premium Builders in Bangalore Luxury Apartments for sale in Sarjapur Road. Case IH New Holland Agriculture get Machine of the Year titles. Indianmoney.Com Job Openings Salary amp Reviews at AasaanJobs. My SBI deducted money from my account because I didnt have enough money to make the online purchase Sure.. deduct more from the poor. FYI I usually dont use this SBI account and didnt know my balance was low.. Mukesh Ambani breaks into top 10 on Hurun rich list as brother Anil with 1.9 bn fights bankruptcy. First 7Eleven store in India to open this year pact signed with Future Retail. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Chennai with contact details. Dolls export Top Organic Biofertilizers supplier in India: [removed]. LOAN OFFER AT 2 PER ANNUAL: [removed]. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Chennai with contact details. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai Kaala Jaadu Experts. Best 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai Vashikaran in Chennai. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Chennai Famous Astrologer. Redbridge International Academy Electronic City RBIA Academy Review. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Chennai Love VashikaranGrotal. All You Need to Know About Voluntary GST Registration: [removed]. HOW TO BUILD GOOD HABITS FOR SUCCESS HINDI. Paytm Payments bank launches zero balance current accounts. Mahindra amp Mahindra takes on Ola and Uber enters ridesharing business with Glyd. Can I get duplicate pan card: Applying for a Duplicate PAN card is called as Reprint of PAN Card ChangeCorrection in PAN Data The cost of duplicate will be lesser. The procedure to apply for a copy of Pan Card duplicate is almost similar for new PAN card application. Only the application form will change. Contact any PAN card agent or click this [duplicate pan card]https//panseva.com/. You need address proof and Identity proof along with a latest photograph. If your application is in order then you can obtain the PAN card with in 10 to 15 days time.. Top 10 Common Mistakes to Avoid While Investing in Mutual Funds. QNet scam Shahrukh Khan other Bollywood actors served notices for endorsing firm.. Spotifys app for India lets you play songs on demand with a free account. A Guide to the Indian Patent Act. BERGE PAINT TATA COMM V GUARD IND BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 28th February 2019. NAUKRI SUNDARMFIN CANBK ABFRL NSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 28th February 2019. NRRI gets Central Genomics and Quality Laboratory. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Lenovo AutBest Authorised Lenovo Service Center in Noida Lenovo Mobile and Laptop Repair horised Service Center in Noida. Best Authorised Lenovo Service Center in Pune Lenovo Mobile and Laptop Repair. Best Authorised Lenovo Service Center in Gurgaon Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair R. Best Authorised Lenovo Service Center in Kolkata Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Kolkata Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Gurgaon Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Noida Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Ahmedabad Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Ahmedabad Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Kochi Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Chandigarh Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Bangalore Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Ahmedabad with contact details. Purchase Potassium Humate and Super Potassium Humate Flakes: We are a premium supplier of potassium humate fertilizer super potassium humate flakes super potassium humate manufacturers and suppliers in India. [https//www.potassiumhumatesuppliers.com]https//www.potassiumhumatesuppliers.com \PotassiumHumateFlakes SuperPotassiumHumate PotassiumHumate. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center in Mumbai Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Ahmedabad with contact details. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Ahmedabad Love vashikaran Grotal. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Ahmedabad with contact detailsGrotal. Is There A Flipside To Passive Index Investing: [removed]. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Ahmedabad Love VashikaranGrotal. How India investment map has evolved in the last 20 years. INDIAN BANK CHENNAI PET. VOLTAS LTD BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 27th February 2019. Zee Asian Paints Britannia Torrent NSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 27th February 2019. Spotify launched in India. Finally.... Spotify launches in India amidst legal battle with Warner. Best Lenovo Mobile Service Center Lenovo Mobile Repair Cell Phone Repair. Wordpress Responsive Website for 10000. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. The Brand Valuation Game: As per BrandZ report Indias Top 50 brand value doubled to 146.1 billion over the past five years whereas Chinas Top 50 brand increased 76 percent in value and Global Top 50 brands grew 60 percent. https//i.redd.it/bjb7wo4omwi21.jpg . OET Coaching in Amritsar: [removed]. Great things in business are never done by one person Upstart coworking space. Appropriate amp costeffective technology vital to curb stubble burning. EscortsKubota JV to make tractors in Faridabad. home stays for family and work in india. IndianMoney Reviews and Indianmoney Complaints about Gold Loans. Top Growing Indian Brands in 2018: These are the top 10 brands whose growth rate has increased between 49 to 97. It is led by the Jewelry Brand Tanishq others have increased by 50 or more except Bajaj Allianz which has risen 49. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/lnh8dxsn8wi21.jpg. digital marketing training in noida. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Kochi Online Solution Grotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Kochi Online Solution Grotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Kochi Love Vashikaran. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in Kochi Black Magic Help. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Kochi Ernakulam Payment after work. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Kochi Vashikaran specialsit. Durga Projects amp Infrastructure Builders/Developers/ConstructionsDurga Projects Projects in Bangalore.. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India. Amazon india online shopping. Surgical Strike Version2.0 LIVE Updates. flight booking API India Over 250 airlines now brought directly into our flights distribution network so travel brands can now offer various solutions to enhance sales and boost profits with as little complexities as possible. https//bit.ly/2NXkE4Y. cpap equipments Sleep apnea treatment Buy cpap for sleep apnea : [removed]. PS4 Pro Just 15000 INR....: [removed]. Warner Music Sues to Block Spotify in India Escalating Row. The fight over launching Spotify in India is about to get messy. India a 50 billion market for energy storage AES. PETRONET LNG ONMOBILE CYBERMATE BSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 26th February 2019. Wipro Apollo Andhra Sugars Tata NSE Best Intraday Trading Tips for 26th February 2019. Read The Goal by Eliyahu Goldratt Summary Bookpuner.. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Kolkata Lenovo Repair. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Shimla Lenovo Repair. Alcove Appreciates CREDAI Initiative for CRPF Martyrs Families. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Amritsar Lenovo Repair. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Pune Lenovo Repair. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Noida Lenovo Repair. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Chennai Lenovo Repair. Coffee Mug and Paper Crockery for Disposable Use: [removed]. Top 20 Lenovo Laptop Service Center in Ahmedabad Lenovo Repair. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Chandigarh Love AstrologerGrotal. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialist in Chandigarh Love AstrologerGrotal. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialists in Chandigarh Mohali Panchkula. Top 5 Vashikaran Specialist in ChandigarhVashikaran astrologerGrotal. Humic Acid High Demanding Supplier In India For Humic Acid: Dolls export The perfect solution for humic acid water soluble humic acid powder [humic acid]https//www.humicacid.in granular humic fertilizer humic amino acids. Top quality supplier In India. Humic acid Humic acid powder Humic acid supplier in India. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Chandigarh with Complete Address Reviews and Rating. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Chandigarh Remove Black Magic Grotal. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Kochi Lenovo Repair. Need some help regarding finance: [removed]. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Chandigarh Lenovo Repair. Best Lenovo Laptop service center in Bangalore Lenovo Repair ir. Afroz Shah Turning the Tide. Log In Capitalante.com. Need help with clearing my dads debt.: [removed]. someone deposited money in bank account. can i use it: so i have an account in canara Bank which had 1000 in it and was inactive for the last year two years. yesterday i was checking into it and found that last year I received 10000 into it with the mode of payment ECS. Im pretty sure that no one i know deposited money cuz no one knows about this account. all over the internet it is mentioned that if its a mistake then bank will deduct the money when theyll do their checks and balances. Now since bank has not deducted this money can i use it. How to file a patent application in the Indian Patent Office. Income Tax Deductions and Exemptions for F.Y 201819. HDFC National Pension System calculator How much you can get with Rs 2000 Rs 5000 Rs 10000 Rs 12500 per month investment. PCT Patent Application in India. PCT Patent Application in India. Difference between Investment and Gambling Capitalante.com. Some morning motivation of irony... Some morning motivation of irony... Trademark Registration Cost in India. Get 5 I will send through paypal: I am not trying to trick anyone here. So.... [blockchain.com]https//blockchain.com/ is promoting a crypto currency airdrop for everyone that signs up. I dont know if you are familiarize with cryptocurrency. They give you 25 worth of XLM a digital coin. That value of the coin can change day by day. The coins can be worth 25 today or 100 or 0 tomorrow. That how the crypto works. So for everyone that dont believe in crypto or just want 5 without no risk I will send you the 5 after you sign up and send to me the coins. The sign up process requires a verification photo and id/passport/drivers license It is up to you to choose. If you want 5 send me a pm and I will tell you the next steps.. Affiliate Hero Front End: [Affiliate Hero Front End]https//jvz8.com/c/1174787/319643 [img]pstljvm2rdi21 make money. IndianMoney Reviews Complaints Against Car LoansIndian Money Bangalore. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Lean Tools Top 26 Lean Manufacturing Tools Lean Manufacturing. What can we do to help small businesses in India: [removed]. Citys Karachi Bakery gets sucked into Pulwama politics. How to Patent Software in a Post Alice Era IPWatchdog.com Patents amp Patent Law: [removed]. CAG Pulls up Uttarakhand Govt for Poor Implementation of Reconstruction Projects Post 2013 Calamity... Banning of Unregulated Deposits Schemes Ordinance 2019: The Government has issued the Banning of Unregulated Deposit Schemes Ordinance 2019 on 21st February 2019 pursuant to which any individual or any group of individuals may not be able to take any loan or deposit from any person other than relatives. Further partnership firms can take deposit / loan only from partners or relatives of partners. As per the Ordinance the definition of relatives is that of the Companies Act 2013 which is very limited compared to that of Incometax Act 1961. The questions that arise would be what happens to the existing loans that that are not taken from relatives Is it so that it is completely banned for a person to not take / give loan to a person other than relatives This would have a great impact on the economy. People do have genuine freindly loans. What happens to such loans under the Ordinance Provisions of this Ordinance shall have to be studied properly. Presently the government does not have the infrastructure to handle the compliances under this Ordinance Which authority shall look after the cases What shall be the compliances There are so many questions even for a common man that need to be answered.... Im a first year Economics student. Does anyone know where I can find an internship for the summer: [removed]. Business Opportunity: [removed]. Indian Trade Association Calls for Fast Crypto Regulation to Drive Growth Bitcoin News. Best Lenovo Laptop Services center in Hyderabad Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Arogya card for Senior Citizens KVB Bank. Reliance Capital invites Nippon Life to buy out its stake in MF. Market Wrap Closing Bell By Investelite Research On 22 February 2019. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Home Loan in Ludhiana 8.25 Lowest Interest Finmerit. Prepaid Instruments Karur Vysya Bank. Apply for Debit Card at Karur Vysya Bank. 2 BHK and 3 BHK Flats for Sale in Mahadevapura and Marathalli Bangalore Durga Petals. Godrej Interio Launches Research Study Harness the Power of Social Capital. Sprinkler Irrigation Drip Irrigation Farmers Choice for Better Irrigation system. Apply for Credit Card at Karur Vysya Bank. Top 5 Love Marriage Specialists in Bangalore Vashikaran Astrologer. Durga Projects and Infrastructure Bangalore Review. What Are The Advantages Of Investing In Share Market. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore Black Magic Specialist. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Bangalore Payment after Work. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore Remove black magicGrotal. https//bag2bag.in/hotels/delhi. DCC seeks turnaround strategy of lossmaking BSNL MTNL. Uber Eats India likely to end up on Swiggys plate. The Supreme Court Verdict and the Fall of Anil Ambanis NonEmpire. Top 22 Best Investment Options in India Capitalante.com. Lead market customer care Lead Market App Review indianmoney.com Bangalore. Company Registration in India: [removed]. Mortgage Loan at Karur Vysya Bank. Student Education Loan Karur Vysya Bank. Durga Petals Reviews Durga Petals complaints feedback. Saudi Aramco in talks with Reliance for more projects in India. Best Lenovo Authorised Service Center in Mumbai Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad Kaala Jaadu Experts. 3 BHK flats in Marathahalli Durga Petals:  Buying a [2 BHK or 3 BHK flat for sale in Bangalore east ]http//www.durgaprojects.in/petals/requires meticulous thinking before. Now it becomes very easy to choose the [ready to occupy flats in Marathahalli Bangalore]http//www.durgaprojects.in/petals/ because of the new project by Durga Group the trusted builders in builders in Bangalore. Get a [3 BHK flats in marathahall]http//www.durgaprojects.in/petals/i by partial OC. . Review of Rafale judgment Supreme Court agrees to hear plea. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad Online SolutionGrotal. for finding goodcozy homestays in india: [removed]. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Hyderabad Payment after work. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialist in Hyderabad Vashikaran Specialist. Best Authorised Lenovo Service Center in Mumbai Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Best Lenovo Mobile Services center in Mumbai Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Best Lenovo Laptop Services center in Delhi Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Tata Group tones down ambitions prepares to shrink for survival. business opportunity: [removed]. A small initiative to serve you better. Profit is not the main goal.:  Follow this link to join this WhatsApp group [Online Shopping Catalyst]https//chat.whatsapp.com/I2btu8cE1elHiYlEjGAAa8 Join once stay for a couple of days. Then if you dont like it feel free to leave No hard feelings But if you like it just give it a thumbs up We will give you the best of the best deals I believe youll like this. Hope to see you soon. ampx200B P.S We do the research for you for everything. Even we provide the best deals on Amazon too.. A small initiative to serve you better. Profit is not the purpose.. Upcoming Residential Project with Luxury 3 BHK Flats in Kolkata. Join CREDAI Property Carnival to SEE Upcoming Projects in Kolkata. NRI returning to India Chennai looking to invest fully in a house. Need suggestions.: [removed]. 2 BHK Flats For Sale in Mahadevapura Bangalore Durga Petals Doddanekundi. Apply for Vehicle Finance Loan KVB Bank. Apply for Home Loan Karur Vysya Bank. Market Wrap Closing Bell By Investelite Research on 20 February 2019. Personal Loans at Karur Vysya Bank. Durga Petals Review Durga Projects Bangalore. New Business Ideas In Hindi Tips For Hindi. Best Authorised Lenovo Services center in Delhi Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Mumbai Vashikaran Specialist. Best Lenovo Services center in Delhi Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialist in Mumbai Vashikaran Specialist. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Kala Jadu Experts in Mumbai. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai Payment after Work. Instead of choosing the ordinary and reliable options for Lenovo Laptops repairing one should always choose an authorized Lenovo Laptop Service Center: [removed]. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in MumbaiKala Jadu Experts Mumbai. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Incomtax Return Filing with the best Business Planners. Best Lenovo Laptop Services center in Delhi Lenovo Repair Lenovo Service center. GST Related Major Changes in Budget 2019: [removed]. Anil Ambani Guilty Of Contempt Pay Up Or Go To Jail Says Supreme Court. Anil Ambani Guilty Of Contempt Pay Up Or Go To Jail Says Supreme Court. Polymerupdate And PolymerExchange Now Have A Physical Presence In Europe.. Opening Bell Morning Bell By Investelite Research on 20 February 2019. Easy money from Google to Indians for FREE. Flipkart cofounder Sachin Bansal invests 92M in Ola. Looking to create a startup: As the title suggest we2 members are looking to create a startup. We looked on few websites that we have to get a DIN numbers and DSC to get incorporation number. Well we have been stuck on the DIN acquiring stage. Since this will be a new startup so I guess we would have to fill the SPICe form. We couldnt figure out how to fill that form. Would someone be kind enough to help us fill the SPICe form and get our DIN and DSC. Live the way you deserve with beautiful living room spaces. Check out our complete range of home interior designs and be inspired interiors kerala homecenter interiordesigners calicut homecenter. Indianmoney Servicesc. s. sudheer review Bangalore Sudheer Indian money review. 5 Things You Should Know Before Investing In The Stock Market. WellPlanned Flats Near Wipro Office Bangalore Shrinivas Kulkarni Medium. Love Problem Solution BLACK MAGIC SPECIALIST IN DELHI: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic expertsGrotal. Get List of Skilled Black Magic Specialists in Delhi. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Delhi Vashikaran Astrologer in Delhi. IELTS coaching center in Chandigarh: [removed]. One Place to Advertising in Newspaper Radio Cinema Digital Media Online.. 4 different ways of how shared workplaces will be useful for new businesses Venture studios hsr layout. Indian Government Inaugurates National Cryptocurrency Forensic Lab Bitcoin News. Couple Friendly Safe Hourly Hotels in Bangalore. Pulwama Attack All India Cine Workers Association Bans Pakistani Actors Artistes from Bollywood. Stock market investors are smiling across the world except in India. Bank minimum balance fine: Hi ampx200B I have a HDFC account. I left india couple of years back and i completely forgot about that bank account. And that account have been accumulating fine for not maintaining minimum balance. Recently my parents got a call from the bank asking for the payment around 15 k INR. Can i close the account without paying the fine What are my options . Simple Steps To Do Before Your KYC Journey. What is the Working Capital Cycle and Why Must it be Managed Middle East League. SGF FAB Industries Manufacturers and Suppliers of Cranes: [removed]. How To Buy Bitcoin In India In 2019 A Step By Step Guide. Best Event Anchors Chandigarh: [removed]. Travenjo Tours and Cabs: [removed]. Reasons to Book Upcoming Residential Project with Alcove Realty. Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore No more sadness: [removed]. 2 BHK and 3 BHK Flats for Sale in Marathahalli Bangalore Durga Project. Durga Projects Bangalore Reviews Address Price. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialist in Bangalore Astrologer Help. Black Magic Specialists in Gurgaon NCR Vashikaran Experts. digital marketing training in delhi: [removed]. Top 20 Love Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Online Help. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Bangalore Payment after Work. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Best 20 LG Microwave Oven Service Center in Nagpur Microwave Service. Cognizant used LampT to bribe govt officials in India.. Hotstar APK: [removed]. Top 10 best sectors to invest in India for long term Capitalante.com. Order Medicines on Zoylo and get them delivered home CLAADSS. What Are The Top 5 Best Investment Options With High Returns In India. Know About Ratan Tata Biography Of Ratan Tata. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Zari Craft In India. Mildly infuriating when Indigo website automatically adds indigo promise by default and even worse is the plus/minus sign next to it only pops up/pulls back the pop up text not remove the add on.. Dharamshala Tour Package 03 Nights / 04 Days Aliya Tour Packages. I went for shopping in Tokyo today.. Paytm Pledges All Assets To ICICI Bank To Borrow INR 1400 Cr.. I Want to buy a used Lenovo ThinkPad t410 or t420.: [removed]. Famous Astrologer in Ludhiana. Join CREDAI Real Estate Festival in Kolkata. What can we learn in Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses: [removed]. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Best Criminal Lawer in Delhi: [removed]. Spanished Themed Residential Apartments In Bangalore. Why you should always hire a professional Event Anchor for your next party: [removed]. HP Service Center in Chandigarh HP Authorized Service Center. Best Anchoring Service in Bangalore Event Anchors Grotal.com. Top 20 Fire and Safety Colleges in RanchiFire and Safety Courses. Fire and Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi. 10 Best Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi India. What Are The Fixed Deposit Investment And Interest Rates In India. Gleam Fabmat Ltd IPO Review Allotments status IPO detais. Intercom Dubai Intercom System Repair Dubai 0568503638: [Intercom Dubai]http//www.intercomdubai.ae is a prominent supplier of premier security systems in Dubai. Committed to the safety of homes and offices we develop and supply products with advanced technology. We are a renowned leader in the field of advanced and Intercom Systems Dubai and Remote Gate Openers Dubai. ampx200B. 10 Best Fire Safety Management Courses in Ranchi IndiaGrotal. DSK fraud case ED attaches properties worth Rs 904 crore. Zoho to hire 1000 engineers. In rescue effort banks to acquire majority stake in Jet. Advantages of Linen Clothing during Winter. Delegate Seats for SPiCE Gaming Conference and Exhibition in India Almost Sold out. US company sues Cognizant for breach of contract.. Kerala Tour Packages. Top 10 Best Stock Market Apps in India Capitalante.com. Please help: I didnt know where to post to get quick responses so Im posting on reddit. So the thing is I want to make purchases through the PlayStation Store iTunes and others. My previous SBI debit card was not working so I requested a new debit card an international/global debit card which I received this week and went on my PS4 to enter the card which worked but when I add funds it does not work same as on iTunes the card is accepted but payment wont go through. I received an SMS to activate ECOM which I sent to the specified number but I didnt get any confirmation SMS that said activation was done successfully. Ive been sending the SMS since Monday but with no success. Ive gone to my home branch and they also couldnt find a solution. Does anyone know a solution Your help would be much appreciated.. Luxury Flats with Upcoming Residential Project in Kolkata. 2 BHK and 3 BHK Flat for Sale in Mahadevapura Durga Petals. Why should healthcare professionals choose OET Exam over IELTS: [removed]. Suggestions for stock brokers in India: [removed]. Happy Valentines Day Special offer Up to 100 cashback.. Best Black Specialist in Hyderabad.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Advantages Of Buying Luxury Apartments In Sarjapur Road. From a prized jewel to a fallen star The collapse of Reliance Communications. Efiling your income tax with easy steps. Things You Should Know before Hiring Packers and Movers for moving your Stuff: [removed]. 10 Best Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi India. OET Coaching Set your career in overseas countries: [removed]. Thousands of crores of PF money at risk due to ILampFS exposure. How to Get McDonalds Franchise in your area. Making money off the lazy economy. NPS annuity is not going away anytime soon PFRDA Chairman EXCLUSIVE. idigital globe is the Best Digital Marketing Agency in Allahabad. idigitalglobe is the best internet service agency in Allahabad: [removed]. Ankiti to be first Indian woman founderCEO of unicorn. Legal experts of r/india please help me regarding selfproprietership and a day job: [removed]. Excellenza Linen Club Annual Channel Partner Meet. Local Shifting Services in Chandigarh Get safe Move: [removed]. Benefits Of Lump Sum Mutual Fund You Should Know Before Investing. Valentines day special Signs you are in love with your business. Haxtax: [removed]. Can we hire Packers and Movers to Move Just One Item or Room: [removed]. 7 benefits of wearing linen clothing during winter. Top 20 OET Coaching Centers in Chandigarh Online/Offline ClassGrotal. Modi saree a new fad among women in Gujarat. Modi saree a new fad among women in Gujarat. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Zirakpur Relocation Services. most suitable coworking space for startups in Bangalore. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Mohali Relocation Services. Luxurious Apartments For Sale In Sarjapur Road Bangalore. India to target UAE Saudi Arabia with new renewables export body. Need fast Advertising for your Business Product amp Services. Zomato to introduce bicycles for its last mile delivery in India. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Panchkula Relocation Services. Top 20 AnchorsEvent Anchors in Karnal Anchoring services Grotal. Alcove Tower 5 Your Residential Complex in South Kolkata. Top 20 Packer and Mover in Chandigarh Relocation Services. New Holland Agriculture introduces TT3.50 tractor in Thailand. Why Expanding Your Business to International Trade is a Good Idea. Amazon told not to sell Modicare items.. Amazon wants sellers to go all out as it reduces commission charges.. India Baby Care Products Market / Industry 20182024Market ReportOverviewRevenueTrendsOutlookForecastSizeShare: [removed]. Top 5 Safe Investments For The Longterm in India. Top 20 Loading Services in Chandigarh Relocation services. Website Designing Company amp Services in Delhi. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Top 20 Local Shifting Services in Chandigarh Relocation services. Protect your business. Protect your users. ITRules SaveOurPrivacy RightToMeme: ampx200B [img]2o3m3p3cr3g21 ampx200B Highlights Background In 2014 Avnish Bajaj the founder of Baazee.com was arrested. What was his crime Bajaj had joined investigations and was helping police with an investigation in the online sales of a clip that contained a sexually explicit material that came to be known as the DPS MMS clip. This lead to better protections for online businesses in law what were called a safe harbor protections under the Information Technology Act. Recall proposal for changes We analysed and prepared a guide for you on how a series of proposed changes to the safe harbor protections may have an adverse effect on your abilities and functioning as a startup. Most of these changes would be bad for your users and your businesses. They would erode your users privacy and free speech and also saddle you with costs and compliances. Take action now You can prevent these proposals from advancing further. This can be done in very simple ways by sending an email and engaging with an ongoing public consultation process. How do the changes affect you The changes to the Intermediary Rules will have a drastic impact on each stakeholder of the internet especially all you aspiring entrepreneurs. The Rules tighten the reins with increased regulatory compliances and startups and small enterprises will find it extremely cumbersome to carry out business and meet the requirements set by law. This will impact your the trust and reliability expected by users as their privacy and free speech rights will be put to risk. Read our guide here [google doc]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1Drlhfl17lUhHsqoZFxXp1xlVFCwIqMBFwz0ArUhzw/edituspsharing and [pdf]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1xNgFso684t1ECWPl7jn5bcNEzMwmoMG/viewuspsharing. What are the changes The Information Technology Act Section 79 protects intermediaries from liability for any content hosted or created by third parties as long as it has remained a mere facilitator of information and is not involved in the creation or modification of the same. However this is about to change for the worse. Right now troubling amendments to the Intermediary Rules that are made under Section 79 have been mooted by the Ministry of Electronics and IT MeitY. With a large portion of activities carried out on any online platform there is bound to be certain aspects beyond your control. Objectionable user comments or content should not put you in the dog house with the authorities. The Information Technology Act up until now protected intermediaries be it social networks or even ecommerce platforms. With the changes intermediaries would be required to actively participate in the regulating of these issues. This is in addition to other onerous requirements the proposed law will ask of you. As a startup dedicating limited resources to this kind of active monitoring will definitely take a toll on your performance. We have explained how these Rules will affect you in detail. We want to ensure these rules are recalled. Read our guide here [google doc]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1Drlhfl17lUhHsqoZFxXp1xlVFCwIqMBFwz0ArUhzw/edituspsharing and [pdf]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1xNgFso684t1ECWPl7jn5bcNEzMwmoMG/viewuspsharing. What can you do to help A [public consultation]https//meity.gov.in/content/commentssuggestionsinviteddraftE2809Cinformationtechnologyintermediaryguidelines has been announced by MeitY inviting comments and suggestions on these changes to the IT Rules. This ends on February 14 which is the period for countercomments in this period you can support submissions by IFF digital rights organisations and researchers who are calling for a complete roll back of these proposed changes. Step 1 Create a covering email with the subject Consultation on Proposed Changes to IT Rules which reads for instance as gtI support attached spreadsheet which quotes from digital rights and research groups in their submissions against the unconstitutional provisions of The Information Technology Rules 2018 that will affect my business and the right to privacy and freedom of speech of my users. I call on you to recall the proposed changes to the Intermediary Rules 2011. Step 2 Attach the sheet of comments [PDF]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1peFYrzfHwa5QoFMUFFtesdmMTdqEuDLi/viewuspsharing or [Google Docs]https//drive.google.com/openid1peFYrzfHwa5QoFMUFFtesdmMTdqEuDLi by digital rights and research organisations. Step 3 This email should be sent to [gccyberlawmeity.gov.in]mailtogccyberlawmeity.gov.in [pkumarmeity.gov.in]mailtopkumarmeity.gov.in [sathya.smeity.gov.in]mailtosathya.smeity.gov.in. In addition to it you can also reach out us at [policyinternetfreedom.in]mailtopolicyinternetfreedom.in and if you have any questions or want us to coordinate or offer guidance to your legal or policy staff on this consultation. Read more IFFs Guide to Tech Startups on the IT Rules [PDF]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1Drlhfl17lUhHsqoZFxXp1xlVFCwIqMBFwz0ArUhzw/edituspsharing or [Google Docs]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1xNgFso684t1ECWPl7jn5bcNEzMwmoMG/viewuspsharing. Sheet with extracts comments by digital rights and research organisations [PDF]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1peFYrzfHwa5QoFMUFFtesdmMTdqEuDLi/viewuspsharing or [Google Docs]https//drive.google.com/openid1peFYrzfHwa5QoFMUFFtesdmMTdqEuDLi. [IFFs post on the submission to MEITY. Press reboot on the Intermediary Rules SaveOurPrivacy RightToMeme]https//internetfreedom.in/weurgemeitytopressrebootontheintermediaryrulessaveourprivacyrighttomeme/ Full text of [IFFs submission to MEITY]https//drive.google.com/openid1pDQt1M81spH66kv0CHcUk8P9UDp9oc on the proposed changes to the Intermediary Rules. [Post revealing the proposed changes to the Intermediary Rules with initial analysis]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/ Support IFF IFF works hard to protect your rights. So all of us can use the most innovative technology that makes your life better without harming our fundamental freedoms. Together we are winning these battles. [Help us Donate right now]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Top 20 Instrumental Music Classes in Gurgaon NCR Grotal. Salient features of upcoming mega food park in Mathura. Top 20 AnchorsEvent Anchors in ChandigarhAnchoring services Grotal. Indiaeve an event listing portal in India: [removed]. 4 good reasons you need a financial advisor. Hurry Up Special Offers. Now publish your Business Ads in Newspaper Cinema Radio and Digital Media Channels at the lowest rates.. Electrical Heating Elements Chhaperia. Reliance Propaganda ad on Facebook. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. LIC Kanyadhan Policy: [removed]. Know Mutual Fund SIP Before Invest. What I Learnt From Anil Ambanis Glory To Bankruptcy Story. How to Choose a Stockbroker in India Right Now Capitalante.com. Housing Complex in South Kolkata to Book South Facing Flats. Website designers in Bangalore: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. 5 best facebook marketing tips WhatYouRemind. Top 20 Rcc Bench Manufacturers in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Find Best Love Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi on Grotal. Get List of Skilled Black Magic Specialists in Delhi. Practo ClearTax among NYTCB Insights 50 Startups that may be the next Unicorns. Womens Accessories Buy Accessories for Women Online in India. join on whatsapp https//chat.whatsapp.com/JvoiqnGYjjmLx6RqrtdS0M. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic expertsGrotal. Top 10 best make money app in India in 2019 Displaybuzz. Search Engine Marketing Services by Inovaticus. Credit Card Swipe Machine POS terminal POS Machine. How Do We Survive Now StartUp Whose Account Was Wiped to Rs 0. Bank of Baroda official in Mumbai held for syphoning money from fixed deposits accounts.. Subscriber Gap 30k. I met Vijay Mallya recently.: I met Vijay Mallya five days ago in London. I got roped into watching my 3 month old niece while my brother got his hair cut. So there I am sitting in the waiting area of a barbershop with my niece and who walks in but Mallya himself. I was nervous as shit and just kept looking at him as he was sitting there with his phone and waited but was too scared to say anything to him. Pretty soon my niece started crying and Im trying to quiet her down because I didnt want her to bother the one and only Vijay Mallya but she wouldnt stop. Pretty soon he gets up and walks over. He started running his hands through her hair and asked what was wrong. I replied that she was probably hungry or something. So Mallya put down his phone picked up my niece and lifted his shirt. He breast fed her right there in the middle of the barbershop. Chill guy really nice about it. Would let him breast feed my niece again.. Indiabased Zomato said to plan exit from UAE business. 29 Tax free income sources in India Capitalante.com. EPF account Merging Query: I need to merge my old UAN to the new one my employer didnt ask for old details and created the new account by themselves. My old EPF account has incorrect DOB mentioned but new one has the correct DOB. If i request transfer through the online portal using my new account will it fail stating Details dont match with previous account or will it be merged without any error if my details are verified in the new account. SFarmsIndia pleased to announce that today at 5pm Live Trading of Land Contracts is open for buying and selling. https//sfarmsindia.com/landcontracts/trade. What Is The National Pension Scheme In India Full Details. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Accounting and finance Training In Ernakulam ENS Skill Development Foundation A division of ENS Associates: [removed]. Top 10 government MBA colleges in india 2019. Accounting and finance Training In Ernakulam. Anil Ambani Group blames LampT Finance Edelweiss Group entities for 55 drop in market cap: Anil Ambani Group blames LampT Finance Edelweiss Group entities for 55 drop in market cap https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/reliancegroupblamestwogroupsfor55dropinmarketcap/article26214105.ece. Bengaluru Techies falling for dubious deals. Biggest Quarterly Loss in Indias Corporate History.. Tata Motors posts record loss of 3.8bn in Q3. BigBasket inches closer to unicorn tag. Earths magnetic north pole drifting east.... Spotify Not Worried About Indian Govt. Support To Domestic Tech Startups Eyes Stronghold. Berojgari Bhatta income certificate Download Tips For Hindi TechHealthEntertainmentBloggingSeoTechnology NewsBlogging News. 7 Benefits of Wearing Linen Clothing during Winter. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Cartoon Dustbins Manufacturers in Hyderabad Grotal. Some Awesome Questions with Answers about Marketing. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Ambani to invest 1.4 billion in Indian state will help ecommerce expansion. Indias Central Bank Cuts Interest Rate. Softbanks 100bn Vision Fund is running out...: [removed]. What is the new achievement of Make in India. ADAG stocks continue to fall RInfra RCom tank over 50 in four days. Berojgari Bhatta Rajasthan Online Registration 2019 Tips For Hindi TechHealthEntertainmentBloggingSeoTechnology NewsBlogging News. Spotify music streaming app to launch in India by end of March. Check Upcoming Residential Projects in Kolkata with Alcove Realty. Crypto Exchange Founder Dies In Jaipur 1000 Crores Stuck Behind Passwords. What Are The 6 Things Before Investing Must Read. We may cease to exist in India if new regulations kick in WhatsApp. Grounded By New Rules Amazon Finds Way To Revive Biggest Seller Report. Top Cement Bench Manufacturers in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Top 20 Advertising Agencies in Mumbai Newspaper AdvertisementsGrotal. Start Your Own Call Center Business with Amigo Infoservices. Amigo Infoservices Private Limited Start Call Center with Amigo Infoservices.... Startup Businesses by Amigo Infoservices Franchise. Top 20 Newspaper Advertisements in Mumbai Advertising agencyGrotal. 4 Advantages of Sleeping on a Gel Infused Memory Foam Mattress: [removed]. GSTR7 amp GSTR8 Filing due dates are here. GSTRfiling https//goo.gl/h2EpiA. VW owns Porsche and Porsche owns VW india version.. OPEC seeks to formalise agreement with Russia. Canadian cryptocurrency exchange CEO dies. Key amazon seller Cloudtail returns in a new avatar. FLAT 50 OFF on your Flight Tickets. Chance to win PayTM MakeMyTrip vouchers: ampx200B Processing img x92htxnqsze21... FlightTravelers FlightPassengers.. SignUp in [www.dromo.club]https//www.dromo.club get PayTM and MakeMyTrip Vouchers. Deliver light packages between Airports and get 70 OFF on your flight tickets. All packages are sent by peers with verified national identity. Packages are customs passed. . Air fares to amp from Mumbai to soar 2050 till end of March. What Is CIBIL And How To Improve CIBIL Score CIBIL Score Free. Know About Laxmi Mittal HINDI Biography Of Laxmi Mittal. Explore the Scenario of Real Estate Kolkata with Alcove Realty. A Guide on How to Transfer your Previous Provident Fund Balance My Story Online. Mr. Dilip CEO Upstart Last time in the same party some business opportunities arised for clients Celebrated 2nd Anniversary with loads of fun and laughter. Be a part of this wonderful event: www.upstartspace.com [video]d9dy0scbvxe21. Top 50 Criminal Lawyers and Legal Advisors in Delhi Grotal. Budget 2019 Benefits Impacted Sectors and Stocks to Invest in 2019. Best IVF Treatment Centers in Patiala Low Cost Infertility Treatment. Top 20 IVF Centers in Patiala Test Tube Baby CentersGrotal. Best Astrologer for Kundali Matching Milan amp Horoscope in Pune amp Mumbai. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Top 20 Infertility Treatment in Patiala Test Tube Baby CentersGrotal. Top 20 Female Infertility Treatment in Patiala Infertility TreatmentGrotal. GST .. GST in Telugu GST In India Then and Now Tax Plan Money Mantan TV. Top 20 Test Tube Baby Centers in Patiala Infertility TreatmentGrotal. Top 20 Domestic Moving Services in Mohali Packers and Movers Tricity. Canadian cryptocurrency firm CEO dies in India taking password to 190 million with him. We must too leave the businesses for the businessmen rail airline etc all of it. PNB Q3 posts 7 rise in profit at Rs 247 cr. Morgan Stanley warns Walmart may exit Flipkart post new FDI rules. Walmart May Exit Flipkart Over New FDI Norms Claims Morgan Stanley. JAGAN HARDWARE EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT.: [removed]. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Pune Vashikaran Specialist Grotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Pune Vashikaran Specialist Grotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Pune Online Solution. Microsoft Dynamics AX: [removed]. India Garment Steamer market is projected to grow at a CAGR of 10 during 2018246Wresearch. Valentines Day special offer last till 13feb Get an offer on each advertisement with TheMediaCat. List of Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai with Phone Number. Reading and Writing Tutoring: [removed]. Kerala businessman wins fancy car number for Rs 31 lakh. I am a student and it is 8 years old number. I need to sometime conserve money idea. This is a bshit. Im opting for bsnl tomorrow.. Abhijit Vaghani Latest Songs 2019: [removed]. Anil Ambanis Reliance Communication journey to Bankruptcy. The Accidental Ambani Rise and Fall of Anil Ambani. Should INDIAN Entrepreneurs quit college to start a business Well answered here. Top 10 Packers and Movers in Noida Relocation Services. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Odoo is Coming to Kerala India on March 7 2019: Odoo is Coming to Kerala March 7 2019 [Cybrosys]https//twitter.com/Cybrosys humbly welcomes you all to the event. Mark your presence and make the event a grand success. [odookerala]https//twitter.com/hashtag/odookeralasrchash [odoo12]https//twitter.com/hashtag/odoo12srchash [kerala]https//twitter.com/hashtag/keralasrchash [cochin]https//twitter.com/hashtag/cochinsrchash [odookeralatour]https//twitter.com/hashtag/odookeralatoursrchash Visit Website for more information [https//www.cybrosys.com/]https//www.cybrosys.com/ https//i.redd.it/4vk92psdjje21.jpg. Top 5 Refrigerator Repair Services in Faridabad. Top 10 Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore. RACE The Recycling And Circular Economy Conference. Top 10 Love vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Grotal.com. Top Criminal Lawyers and Legal Advisors in Delhi. Top 5 Body Massage Centers in Jaipur Massage Parlour. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Black Magic Specialist Grotal.com. Best House Relocation Services in Bangalore Grotal.com. TheMediaCat is the Best Advertising Agency in India that delivers Newspaper Advertisement.. Book Chandigarh to Delhi Taxi Service at cheapest Prices. HP Service Center in Chandigarh. BSE Trading Hours 2019 Holidays India GDP Growth Data Interest Rate. NSE Trading Hours 2019 Holidays India GDP Growth Data Interest Rate. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Top 20 Lost Love Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai Online SolutionGrotal. Rs. 200 PayTM Cash for all: [removed]. Dishoom Tees for Men. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialist in Mumbai Online SolutionGrotal. Amazon Pantry FDI In ECommerce Rules Derail Amazons Grocery Push. Top 20 Intercast Love Marriage Specialist in MumbaiGrotal. Rockys Finest Buy Online Men Accessories Shopping: [removed]. Inherited some shares. Teach me how this stock business works.: Papa left us some shares of a company. I got them converted into digital. Now I dont even know what things to ask so your knowledge is welcome but here are some things that got me curious The personbroker who helped me to get all the papers together never asked for any money. He said Hell get the remuneration from this firm. So I want to know what kind of money do they make and how and if my capital is safe. Though he did ask me to expand my portfolio and that does makes sense because market risk and all but I already am invested in a fairly old and reputed company so Im kind of assured. Also Im hesitant to invest in the market with no experience. So this is kind of it for now Also I have this companys app downloaded to monitor my holdings but the selling and buying is done by my broker only. Thank you. . 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. As we step into another new joyous occasion with the opening of our new Branch Office we are delighted to invite one amp all for gracing this event. Enrich welcomes you all heartily... Visit https//enrichbroking.in/ Enrich New Branch Opening Karur. Electrical Heating Elements Chhaperia. While I was browsing through Facebook market place I came across this gem. Would you buy it . How to Not Pay Income Tax for Earning 10 Lakhs Yearly QuintDaily. How to make people trust on product . Question for fellow entrepreneurs what are some unique problems you face in business: I was searching for some subs for Indian entrepreneurs and unfortunately the ones I found look dead. I am throwing this question out here for people who are running or have previous experience in running a business. My question is what are some unique problems you face in business especially if your business is a part of the service sector My business is service sector too and one of my biggest problems is justifying the price to the clients and ensuring that they believe that they are not paying an arm and a leg for the services. I am stuck with some issues and getting some perspective from fellow Indians will be great. Any help any discussion will be much appreciated. Thanks. I am looking forward to answers. . Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes/Centers in Shillong UPSC ExamGrotal. Top 20 Safe Office Relocation Services in Bangalore Office Shifting. Top 20 Apple Authorised Service Center in Bangalore iPhone Repair. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes in Vadodara UPSC CoachingGrotal. Top 20 Videocon Service Center in Delhi. GUIDE: [removed]. Budget 2019 Benefits Impacted Sectors and Stocks to Invest in 2019. The Rajnikanth of all Cards is here Get yours for FREE now. With a Little Planning You Can Pay Zero Tax on Annual Income of Rs 10 Lakh. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata Black magic expertsGrotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Kolkata Powerful VashikaranGrotal. Web Development Company in Kochi: [removed]. Sideeffects of demonetisation Indias unemployment rate stood at a 45year high of 6.1 percent during 201718 according to National Sample Survey Offices NSSO periodic labour force survey PLFS. The report that was accessed by Bussiness Standard.. Indian Buget 201920 Income Tax Slab and The Catch. Anil Ambanis RCom files for bankruptcy Business News. Union budget 2019. Latest News on Upcoming Calcutta Riverside Apartments. Job Problem Solution in Sonipat Career Problem SolutionGrotal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Gurgaon NCR. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Udaipur Vashikaran Specialists. Top 20 Goods Moving Services in Zirakpur Relocation Services. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore Black Magic Specialist. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic expertsGrotal. Budget 2019 effect How you can earn taxfree Rs 10 lakh per annum. Best Vashikaran Specialists in Chandigarh. Top 20 Kala Jadu experts in Bangalore Vashikaran SpecialistGrotal. Interim Budget. The Indian Express report.. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Hyderabad Online Services Grotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad Vashikaran Experts. Budget 2019 Five new measures you need to know. MOVERS AND PACKERS IN INDIRAPURAM GHAZIABAD. Full Tax Rebate On Annual Income Up To Rs 5 Lakh Says Piyush Goyal. Interim Budget 2019 Key Things NDA Government Provides. Start Your Own Call Center Business with Amigo Infoservices. IISER GREEN GARDEN Residential Land for Sale: [removed]. Electric heating element. Amazon pulls numerous products from India website as new ecommerce rules bite. India Blockchain Technology Market 201820246Wresearch. Great to hear. Furnace Repair and Installation Abbotsford. Plumbing amp Drain Services in Total Service Quality Abbotsford. So end of Amazon amp Flipkart: So no more discounts and offers Gone are the days of worry free shopping Any way Amazonamp Flipkart can make a comeback P.S screw this government first they made DTH expensive next they screwed over ecommerce.. Savings and investment: Financial side of randia. Help. 28 year old. 1.7lpm earning individual. No savings or investment. What should I do Where should I began I went to my bank and I just lost the plot. Been a week of meetings and phone calls and brochures and pamphlets. But nothing is making sense. Where should I invest or save The terms SIP and ELSS have been thrown around repeatedly at me. Any help would be good. Thanks in advance. . Less choice pay more on Amazon amp Flipkart as new ecomm rules kick in. The Rajnikanth of all Cards is here. SBI Leaks Account Data of Millions of its Customers. Upcoming Residential Projects in Kolkata to Book Your Luxury Flat. TCS Infosys HCL Wipro feature amongst top 10 IT services. KVB Tax Saving Deposits Karur Vysya Bank. Recurring Deposits Accounts Online Karur Vysya Bank. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Industry 4.0 The Greatest Phenomenon of the Millennial Generation and what it could mean to them. A warm help from all the Indians from a researcher who is trying to change the way India is going to manage their Finances: Namaste I am from Mumbai seeking the help of Indians specifically Indian adults in the age group of 25 65. I am trying to research on the behavior of the repayments done by us Indians on our Home Loans. We all take home loans at a certain age to start our family to fulfill our lifestyle goals. Our Banks and other financial institutions provide us with the loan. But the question is Do we get the loans easily Is it hassle free What am I gaining or losing Can the process be more subtle Can they be more transparent Are they solving my issue or adding one more issue to my life ampx200B To know about all and how can we solve it with the use of emerging technologies I urge all of you to fill a short survey for a great cause. [https//goo.gl/forms/jih2wGJTOSrZ2uD02]https//goo.gl/forms/jih2wGJTOSrZ2uD02 ampx200B Thank you all. New Cars in Delhi. Kashmiri shawls warming the chilled Kumbh. Multicity Current Account for Businesses karur Vysya Bank. Door hinges: [removed]. Corrugated boxes. Top 20 Love Vashikaran Specialists in Noida kala jadu Grotal. The Indian Polymer Industrys Expectations From The Union Budget 201920. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Noida kala jadu Grotal. Lovelyway Education Consultant Study Visa. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Noida Black Magic Specialist Grotal. Europe Blockchain Technology Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 52.4 during 2018246Wresearch. Choose The Hindu Newspaper to Release ad for Bangalore Region. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Black Magic Specialist. Swimming Pool Manufacturing Service in Jalandhar by sandeepfountains. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Open Savings Accounts at KVB Bank. ICICI Axis HDFC Bank 8 others set to launch blockchainlinked funding for SMEs. Book Ads in Newspaper: [removed]. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in jaipur kala Jadu Expert. Ganpati bappa Moraya Tees for Men. Cheap Dedicated Servers India Best Dedicated Server Hosting India VisualWebTechnologies: [removed]. 20192024 Global Flame Retardant Polyester Fibers Market Analysis Top Players Toyobo DuPont Teijin Films Kaneka Apexical TenCate SSM Industries Jan 27 2019: [removed]. State Bank of India Leaks Millions of User Account Data. What kinda asshole is running FKs Affiliate program Why would you cap the earnings. SBI forgets to secure key server with password leaks bank balance and other details of millions of Indians Technology News. ICICI Bank to treat Chanda Kochhars exit as termination for cause. Residential Complex in South Kolkata to Book South Facing Flats. Alex pipes india pvt ltd Top 10 plastic pipe processing company: [Buy Best Pipe Fittings in india]http//www.alexpipesindia.com ampx200B Alex Pipe India is the Best Pipe Fittings Manufacturer In India is ISO 90012015 Certified Pipe Manufacturing Company and offers RIGID PVC pipes amp fittings SWR pipes amp fittings Irrigation pipes Underground Sewerage Pipes CPVC amp UPVC plumbing pipes amp fittings HDPE pipes amp fittings Sprinkler pipes amp Fittings Conduit pipes amp fitting MDPE pipes Column pipes Drip Irrigation System. ampx200B ALEX Pipes an ISO 9000 certified with ISI marked products is a nationally recognized brand ALEX amp UNNATI in UPVC and HDPE pipes in India. It is a regular supplier of HDPE pipes to prestigious Industrial Clients as well as various Governmental Bodies amp retail market. The company has developed a Controlled Quality Management System which places great prominence towards providing finest quality. It is dedicated to sustaining national quality standards at competitive prices. For More Information Visit Best pipe fittings manufacturer in Mumbai Address Krishna Industrial Park Bldg. No. A5 Unit No 10 Opp. Tata Motors MumbaiNashik Highway Sonale Village Bhiwandi Thane Maharashtra 421 302. Tel 02522 282599 Contact Fax 91 7758 801 671 ampx200B Email [alexpipeindiapvtltdgmail.com]mailtoalexpipeindiapvtltdgmail.com Visit Our site [Best hdpe pipes in india]http//alexpipesindia.com/contactus.html. DIGITAL LOCK: [DIGITAL LOCK]http//www.kalanjiamhardwares.com/category/locksandlockers/locks/digitallocks/528 SHS1321 BLACK SAMSUNG User Friendly access Smart Door lock accommodates each persons individual life style with the variety of access methods.Passwords/RF Card/Finger Print/ Smart tag/Mechanical Override key. With the wide touch screennot only the design becomes more modern and stylishbut the touch feel on entering the password is improved.. 3 BHK Flat for Sale in Mahadevapura Durga Petals: [removed]. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Bangalore Payment after Work. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai Kaala Jaadu Experts. List of Experienced Black Magic Specialists in Chennai. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Born To Ride Tees For Men. On a scale of 1 to Manmohan how spicy is the annual budget going to be. Provide All Home Services at Door Step.. https//www.marketresearchvision.com: [removed]. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Love Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu experts in Bangalore Vashikaran SpecialistGrotal. News portal alleges Rs 31000 crore fraud by home finance company DHFL. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Best Advertising Agency in India. Online Bijli Bill Payment hindi. Brief Discussion On The Gradual Development of Sales Funnel: [removed]. How Indias Millennials Smartphones will Awaken the Music Industrys Sleeping Giant.. Top 20 Love Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic Grotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic expertsGrotal. Flats for Sale in Mahadevapura Bangalore Durga Petals Bangalore:  Durga Petals Bangalore is one of the top builders who provides [3 and2 bhk apartment for sale in Marathahalli Bangalore]http//www.durgaprojects.in/. Their specialties are the 13 luxurious towers soar upwards mirroring your urban aspirations. Adding to that is an expansive clubhouse with carefully thought out amenities like a Daycare for children Workfromhome Cubicles Party Hall and more. Click to know more about [Durga Petals]http//www.durgaprojects.in/petals/ http//www.durgaprojects.in/petals/ . TheMediaCat is an authorized ad booking agency for newspapers. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai Kaala Jaadu Experts. Net Asset Value works in Mutual Fund: [removed]. Hiring a Newspaper Advertising Agency is it Worth the ROI. Hire React JS developers India React js development company: [removed]. Save the Children India Best Ways to Get Income Tax Exemption. Real Estate Developers In Bangalore Best Builders In Bangalore: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Heera Gold Scam Empty Shop at Raghuleela Mall Vashi Failed Propaganda. Budget Valentines Day Gifts for Her Online: [removed]. Business ideas10 easy to start business with low investment Displaybuzz. Fiverr How do you Make Money on Fiverr in 2019 Displaybuzz. 5 Free Blogging Platform Start your blog today without spending time Displaybuzz. Where Can I Book LowBudget Flats in North Kolkata Within 15 Lakhs. Here is how you can sell gold for cash in Laxmi Nagar Delhi: [removed]. Indian Money Complaints Sudheer Indian Money Review and Feedback. Indias Tech Revolution Has Already Left The West Behind Its The Best Investment Opportunity Now. Flats for Sale in Mahadevapura Bangalore Durga Petals. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Networking is the No.1 unwritten rule of success in business Want to know how we enable it Call 919019139111. 4 Important Points To Build Immunity For Winter. Top 20 Brain Sutras Activation Courses in Noida Brain ClassesGrotal. Top 20 Vedic Maths Classes in Noida Maths Tuitions. Top 20 Mid Brain Activation Courses in Noida Brain ClassesGrotal. Real Estate Brokers in Surat. Top Real Estate Developers In Bangalore CoEvolve Group. AirPods online: I wanna buy Apple AirPods but Ive only 8kI want new one is there any sitewhere I can buy AirPods in that price . Premium amp EcoFriendly Apartments Bangalore North CoEvolve Northern Star. Over 250 airlines now brought directly into our flights distribution network so travel brands can now offer various solutions to enhance sales and boost profits with as little complexities as possible.. Get Your Free Visitor Pass at Geosmart 2019 Event in New Delhi 1213 Feb 2019. Smaller ecommerce players like Snapdeal ShopClues back February 1 deadline. This Revenue Officer Has 82 Plots 25 Shops 1 Petrol Pump Rs 2.26 Crore In Cash. Raid Reveals. Buy passports online order passports online buy fake passports online whatsapp 19372030970: [removed]. Birthday surprise for wife at home balloon decoration. Best PR Agencies in Delhi Limelite Brand Solutions.. Anniversary Decoration Surprise decoration Romantic Room decoration. Cloud Computing Survey for BFSI Industry: [removed]. At 95 this Padma awardee is highest paid FMCG CEO. A small retailer near me got robbed off Rs. 35000 because he fell for this trick.. RisingEntrepreneur Watch How TruckSuvidha is Connecting Indian Transport Industry online. ICICI But there was no eye to see what was unravelling.. Yellow Tassel Earrings Online in India. How to earn money from facebook page in hindi. 4 Step Process To Register A Private Limited Company In India. Its finally here. Was worth the wait.. Punjab National Bank promotes digitisation in Kumbh Mela. Top 20 Maths Classes in Noida Maths Tuitions. 2 Bhk Apartments For Sale In North Bangalore Near Manyata Tech Park. Top 20 Singing Auditions organizers in Ahmedabad Grotal. Top 20 Share Brokers in Surat Best Stock Brokers Grotal. Amigo Infoservices Jobs are Available . Book Your Next Luxury Flat in Kolkata. Republic day special offer Get up to 100 cashback on your first Advertising on Newspapers amp Radio.. Inbound Bpo Projects in Amigo Infoservices. Black Magic Specialists in Bahadurgarh. Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar by sandeepfountains. Data Entry Projects Are Available in Amigo Infoservices Pvt Ltd. Former ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar named in CBI FIR: [removed]. Indian money review Lead Market Bangalore Lead Market App Review. Green Living Ideas for your Apartments. SAP FICO Training in Hyderabad Ameerpet SAP FICO Online Training. I may have ruined a good job offer over salary negotiations: [removed]. passive income india. FREE Kaplan GMAT/LSAT/GRE Flashcards and online events:  [https//www.ownyourprep.com/maitreyi]https//www.ownyourprep.com/maitreyi Hi guys check this for FREE Kaplan flashcards and online events for GMAT / LSAT/ GRE Let me know if it helped and good luck ampx200B. Join Today Entradio Best Hotel Booking Website in India: ampx200B [img]z3t8sldcxec21 entradio.com solves a couple of key business problems for hotel industry. This innovative solution helps them to drive their sales freely experience better customer reach and maximize cost efficiency. Join today and LIST A HOTEL. [https//www.entradio.com]https//www.entradio.com [\hotel]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/hotelepaHASHTAG [\onlinehotelbooking]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/onlinehotelbookingepaHASHTAG [\bookhotel]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/bookhotelepaHASHTAG[\hotel\booking\website]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/hotelbookingwebsiteepaHASHTAG [\hotels]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/hotelsepaHASHTAG [\business]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/businessepaHASHTAG [\hotelbusiness]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/hotelbusinessepaHASHTAG [\india]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/indiaepaHASHTAG [\hotelsinindia]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/hotelsinindiaepaHASHTAG[\indianhotels]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/indianhotelsepaHASHTAG [\entradio]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/entradioepaHASHTAG . Buy Ethnic Bags Online for Rs 199 Each: [removed]. Promo Code SHOP10 Get 10 Off On Special Deal Products Silk Gully Online Store Now Available In Android Playstore Download Now . Where to Book Flats in Kolkata to Live Your Luxury Lifestyle. Redbridge International Academy Fees Redbridge academy Bangalore. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Top 20 Real Estate Agents in Surat Property Dealers. Sudheer Indian Money Review Indian Money Bangalore Reviews Complaints. Videocon loan case Former ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar named in CBI FIR. Lead market customer care Lead Market App Review indianmoney.com. The Why of Fasal. Part I Shailendra Tiwari. Sir Jio Nahi Chal Raha How Worried Should We Be About Indias Telecom Sector. Foxconn Looks Beyond China to India for iPhone Assembly. Good news for India. 2 BHK Apartments For Sale In North Bangalore IGBC Certified Projects. Top 20 Wooden Furniture Manufacturers in Mumbai with details. Hillariously clueless airline customer care: Planning to fly to Chennai my sister calls up an airline customer care. She will be 35 months pregnant on the day of the flight. Customer Service Agent Welcome to ...... How may I help you My sister What is your policy on flying while pregnant Agent How far along are you Sister 8 months or 35 weeks on the day of the flight. Agent Ok Maam let me explain something. Normally pregnancies last only 9 months... Yes. It took me a while to understand too when she first told me the story. To cut costs Catholic Syrian Bank plans to reduce retirement age of officers to 58.. Must Known Tips For Hiring a Kitchen Renovation Contractor. Clickonads.in Indian Classified Website For Grow Your Business. Cooperate do not thing and earn 50 each month: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top Real Estate Developers In Bangalore Coevolve Group. Global Temporary Tattoo Market 20182025 Analysis and Growth by Top Manufacturers Temporary Tattoos TM International and more.: [removed]. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialists in Alwar Kaala Jaadu Experts. Banking tech institute proposes blueprint for blockchain platform in India. Recovery Not In Sight Banks Put Rs 1.16 Lakh Cr NPAs On Block. Sir Jio Nahi Chal Raha How Worried Should We Be About Indias Telecom Sector: As the telecom industry stumbles Jio seems poised to take full control and make the rules as it sees fit... Vashikaran Specialists in Alwar. Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists in Ajmer. Digital Marketing Agency Digital Marketing company in Bangalore. File Tax easily with SlickAccount for Financial Year 201819.. How food ordering apps are eating into millennials income. Ways To Make Extra Money Through Creative Writing:  Ways To Make Extra Money Through Creative Writing Ways To Make Extra Money If you are looking for the ways to make extra money through creative writing then here is the top ways and resources from where you can make extra money by writing blog guest post become copywriter and other creative writing works for the different tech media houses or product based companies. You need to get registered there on such sites with authentic email and contact number showcase some of the creative works there for analyzing the way you write on any particular topic. To showcase your author skills you can also create your author page on Amazon Author Central where you can share your information and your works with millions of readers. ampx200B 1. Create niche blog and write reviews You can write blog on any platform to showcase your writing styles and skills on various issues events situations or on various products review. You can also create niche site and write reviews of the products. If you are seeking the blog writing jobs then you can try Problogger for the all kind of writing jobs and Paid to blog jobs sites. This is one of the best ways to make extra money through blogging. 2. Start guest posting You can write guest posting on any topic based on your interest products or article to teach or learn others etc. There are various blogging and media site who accept guest posting all you need to create compelling content create your author profile and share it with the different websites who accept guest postings. If anyone of the websites agrees to publish your article your journey will begin. You can search the kind of links such as Submit your article or Become Guest Author on the sites you follow or visit regularly. Read more on [Ways to make extra money]https//www.newskart.com/waystomakeextramoneythroughcreativewriting/. Startup Analysing please help : Hello readers Hope you all are doing well I am yash from mumbai. i am making an survey and analysis of new startups and emerging startups over the india. studying them analysing them ....etc So as a project i want to make an report for an startup idea or existing startup Just to study economy and analysis the indian market etc.. I need an genuine help from you people to help me get an startupidea entrepreneur or a existing startup. or please do give an reference of the source Even sharing this post on your social platform can help a lot ampx200B Thanks in advance . Luxury Residential Apartment in Kolkata to Book Your Next Flat. Love Marriage Specialists in Ropar Grotal.com. Indianmoney.com Get Hot leads Contacts and reviews:  Indianmoney.com is one of the top [lead market company ]https//www.glassdoor.co.in/Reviews/leadmarketreviewsSRCHKO011.htmin Bangalore who provides hot leads contacts and reviews to improve your business at an affordable rate. This is the single window to get financial leads and education from [Sudheer Indian money review]https//www.youtube.com/watchreload9ampvKTFvRiSu8go panel. Know more [https//yourstory.com/2014/04/indianmoney/]https//yourstory.com/2014/04/indianmoney/ . India Baby Care Products market is projected to grow at a CAGR of nearly 10.1 during 201824.. Black Magic Experts in Ropar Grotal.com. Nepals Central Bank Announces Ban Of Indian Notes Above Rs 100.. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Amigo Infoservices Jobs are Available . Best Black Magic Specialists in Ropar Vashikaran Experts. Book Ads in Newspaper Online at Reasonable Cost. http//styleleak.in/Tinyc190. Are Indias Budget Numbers Bogus. Kala Jadu Experts in Manali. Vashikaran Specialists in Manali. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Manali Payment after Work: [removed]. 100 Small Business Ideas With Really Less Investment. Should you follow the global market like Dow Jones Sgx Nifty etc to trade in India. 260 National Seeds Corporation Careers jobs 2019: [removed]. Inter Caste Marriage Disputes in Jind Grotal.com. Astrologers in Jind Grotal.com. Top 20 Desi Ghee Pinni Manufacturers in Mohali. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Jind Vashikaran Experts. Top 20 Khoya Pinni Suppliers in Mohali Pinni makers. Top 20 Atta Pinni Suppliers in Mohali Pinni makers. Legalities to start a school: [removed]. Top 20 Besan Pinni Suppliers in Mohali Khoya Pinni makersGrotal. Ajax Hyundai New amp Used Hyundai Dealership Ajax ON.. Top Real Estate Builders In Bangalore CoEvolve Group. Bank of Baroda makes inroads in Kumbh Mela. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Eight Hacks For Frequent Business Travellers. Sustainable Apartments in Bangalore North. Top 20 Atta Pinni Suppliers in Chandigarh Pinni makers. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Kolkata Payment after Work. Besan Pinni Suppliers in Chandigarh. Indias richest 1 get richer by 39 in 2018 just 3 rise for bottomhalf Oxfam. Tamil Nadu to set up Rs 250 crore fund to assist startups. PrintAd Marketing Advertising India Chennai Creative Atmosquare Design Worldrecordegg adsoftheworld awards awwards behance marketingagency creativeagency Dubai reddit selfpromotion. Air Conditioning Repair Service in Dubai. Company Formation in India. Mahindra BlazoX truck range launched in India. Flats for Sale in Topsia Central Kolkata. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Where to Book Your Next Luxury Flat in Kolkata. New Flats In Thanisandra Bangalore CoEvolve Group: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Box Office Why Cheat India Day 1 in overseas. Bharat BillPay Changing the Course of Digital Payments. Ambani vs Jackma and Jeff Bezos in India Big initiative at Gujarat Vibrant Summit. How tax brackets actually work in under 3 mins. The Zerodha story How the Kamath brothers built Indias largest retail broker.. How good is the Product Manager role at Swiggy: What are other good alternatives for a PM role I am an IITIIM grad could not crack PM role on campus and would like to apply laterally. Parameters Quality of work and learning Pay Hiring policies. ampx200B PS Do let me know if this kind of a post is not allowed here would delete. Thanks.. Upcoming EM Bypass Residential Project to Book Flats in Topsia. Top 20 Job Problem Solution in Kolkata Black magic expertsGrotal. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in kolkata Vashikaran Experts. OYOs guest data sharing with govt being questioned by legal experts: OYOs move to digitize the arrival and departure register and allow the government to obtain that information in real time is being questioned by customers and experts equally. The fact that India does not have any privacy law and enforcement placed in the legal structure makes this development highly concerning as it creates a major privacy breach and enables the government to indulge in unnecessary surveillance. This development was first reported by ET.. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata Black magic expertsGrotal. Close a Pvt Ltd company or abandon: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Pulley Manufacturer in South Africa. Who will go bankrupt Vodafon/Idea or Airtel : [removed]. P2P Lending https//www.omlp2p.com/investmoneyonline. Here is how Allahabad Bank cater to Kumbh Mela pilgrims. WHITEFIELD Are you utilizing your locations full business potential: [removed]. Amazing Points To Know About Two Wheeler Insurance. 20182023 Forecast Report for Cruciate Ligament Fixation Devices Market Development Business Outlook Industry Research Analysis Share Growth Opportunities.. 2023 Market Research for Pharmaceutical Packaging and Filling Machines Market Business Outlook Product Analysis Key Players amp Regions.. Razor burn Gillette ad stirs online uproar Times of India. Get List of Expert Love Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata. Top 20 Best Black Magic Specialists in Kolkata Grotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Kolkata Powerful VashikaranGrotal. Astrologers in Kolkata Grotal.com. Tycoonscloud Web Design Company Bangalore Web Design Bangalore Web Designing Company Bangalore. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Kolkata Powerful VashikaranGrotal. Best Black Magic Specialists in Kolkata Grotal.com. Vashikaran Specialists in Kolkata Grotal.com. Artificial Intelligence in Healthcare. Who We Are tycoonscloud.com Professional Web Designing Company. Tycoonscloud Social Media Marketing: [removed]. Love Marriage Specialist in Kolkata Grotal.com. Tycoonscloud PPC Services Bangalore Pay Per Click Management. SEO Services Provider In Bangalore SEO Services Provider in Bangalore SEO Packages Bangalore SEO Agency in Bangalore: [removed]. Fake ads Amul issues legal notice notice to Google. Compare your tax liability under UPA and Modi government.. Upcoming bikes in India 2019 hold those checks: [removed]. Building Construction Company: [removed]. Second hand mobile phones in Chennai mobile phones for sale in chennai second hand mobile in Chennai sell mobile in chennai used smartphones in chennai. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Black Magic Specialists in Faridabad with Contact Details. List of Vashikaran Specialists in Faridabad with Phone Number. Love Problem Solutions in Faridabad. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Take a holy dip with CCDs coffee sip in Kumbh Mela. TV Channel Price List 2019. Byjus buys Osmo for 120M to add blended learning to its 4B digital education business. EM Bypass Residential Project to Book Flats in Kolkata. new media pub for smart sharp south asian stories: [removed]. Indian pharma sector bounces back with rising shipments to US. Business Problem Solutions in Sonipat Grotal.com. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Approach the Professionals for the Best Bankruptcy Service in India. Vashikaran Specialists in Sonipat Job Problem SolutionGrotal. Black Magic Specialists in Sonipat Job Problem SolutionGrotal. Ronish Baxter. Business Problem Solutions in Sonipat Online SolutionGrotal. Ronish Baxter AngelList. Global Tripleglazed Swing Window Market 2019 Hansom Group Shenzhou International Pacific Textiles Holding: [removed]. Antique Clay Cookware: Antique Indian Cookware Pots. New offers New scheme. Made of 100 clay. For more details log on to our website [www.remiclay.com]https//www.remiclay.com or call 91 9099911765/1/3. Global Steam Generator Irons Market 2019 Stabil Bertrand Dobroplast Sorpetaler Fensterbau Panto spa PB Group: Global [Steam Generator Irons]http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsteamgeneratorironsmarket20172023production.html Market 2019 is a comprehensive professional report delivering market research data that is relevant for new market entrants or established players. Key strategies of the companies operating in the market and their impact analysis have been included in the report. Furthermore a business overview revenue share and SWOT analysis of the leading players in the Steam Generator Irons market is available in the report. Get Free Sample Copy of Report Here [http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsteamgeneratorironsmarket20172023production.htmlrequestsample]http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsteamgeneratorironsmarket20172023production.htmlrequestsample Combining the data integration and analysis capabilities with the relevant findings the report has predicted strong future growth of the Steam Generator Irons market in all its geographical and product segments. In addition to this several significant variables that will shape the Steam Generator Irons Market and regression models to determine the future direction of the market have been employed to create the report. Top Manufacturers Analysis of This Report Stabil Bertrand Dobroplast Sorpetaler Fensterbau Panto spa PB Group Haring Engineering Haas Hoco Italia Kolbe Batimet GmbH The report begins with a market overview and moves on to cover the growth prospects of the Steam Generator Irons market. The current environment of the global Steam Generator Irons Market and the key trends shaping the market are presented in the report. Insightful predictions for the Steam Generator Irons market for the coming few years have also been included in the report. These predictions feature important inputs from leading Market experts and take into account every statistical detail regarding the Steam Generator Irons market. By Product Type Commercial Seaweeds market is primarily split into Type 1 Type 2 Type 3 By End Users/Application Commercial Seaweeds market report covers the following segments Commercial Household Others Statistical forecasts in the research study are available for the total Steam Generator Irons market along with its key segments. The key segments their growth prospects and the new opportunities they present to market players have been mentioned in the report. Moreover the impact analysis of the latest mergers and acquisition and joint ventures has been included in the report. The report also provides valuable proposals for new project development that can help companies optimize their operations and revenue structure. Inquire Before Buying [http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsteamgeneratorironsmarket20172023production.htmlinquiryforbuying]http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsteamgeneratorironsmarket20172023production.htmlinquiryforbuying A detailed segmentation evaluation of the Steam Generator Irons market has been provided in the report. Detailed information about the key segments of the market and their growth prospects are available in the report. The detailed analysis of their subsegments is also available in the report. The revenue forecasts and volume shares along with market estimates are available in the report.. Boost your Business by Ads in all over India. Global Solar Shed Light Market 2019 Cuori Philips SEB Bosch Morphy Richards Delonghi Hoover Russell Hobbs: [removed]. Job Problem Solution in Sonipat Career Problem SolutionGrotal. Global SurfaceMounted Lamps Market 2019 PowerBee Ltd. Best Solar Tech Vortex Energy Gama Sonic: [removed]. India Cryptocurrencyrelated transactions leads Digibank to close customers account. Global Indoor Tile Market 2019 FLOS Lucifer Lighting Company Cariboni Modular Lighting Instruments Original: [removed]. Global PVC Plastic Floor Market 2019 CERAMICHE REFIN Porcelanosa Inalco La Fabbrica: [removed]. Global Smart Electric Bidet Seats Market 2019 LG Hausys Armstrong Gerflor Targett PolyflorJames Halstead: Global [Smart Electric Bidet Seats]http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsmartelectricbidetseatsmarket20172023.html Market 2019 is a comprehensive professional report delivering market research data that is relevant for new market entrants or established players. Key strategies of the companies operating in the market and their impact analysis have been included in the report. Furthermore a business overview revenue share and SWOT analysis of the leading players in the Smart Electric Bidet Seats market is available in the report. Get Free Sample Copy of Report Here [http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsmartelectricbidetseatsmarket20172023.htmlrequestsample]http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsmartelectricbidetseatsmarket20172023.htmlrequestsample Combining the data integration and analysis capabilities with the relevant findings the report has predicted strong future growth of the Smart Electric Bidet Seats market in all its geographical and product segments. In addition to this several significant variables that will shape the Smart Electric Bidet Seats Market and regression models to determine the future direction of the market have been employed to create the report. Top Manufacturers Analysis of This Report LG Hausys Armstrong Gerflor Targett PolyflorJames Halstead Bonie Takiron HANWHA Liberty Forbo The report begins with a market overview and moves on to cover the growth prospects of the Smart Electric Bidet Seats market. The current environment of the global Smart Electric Bidet Seats Market and the key trends shaping the market are presented in the report. Insightful predictions for the Smart Electric Bidet Seats market for the coming few years have also been included in the report. These predictions feature important inputs from leading Market experts and take into account every statistical detail regarding the Smart Electric Bidet Seats market. By Product Type Commercial Seaweeds market is primarily split into Type 1 Type 2 Type 3 By End Users/Application Commercial Seaweeds market report covers the following segments Commercial Residential Statistical forecasts in the research study are available for the total Smart Electric Bidet Seats market along with its key segments. The key segments their growth prospects and the new opportunities they present to market players have been mentioned in the report. Moreover the impact analysis of the latest mergers and acquisition and joint ventures has been included in the report. The report also provides valuable proposals for new project development that can help companies optimize their operations and revenue structure. Inquire Before Buying [http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsmartelectricbidetseatsmarket20172023.htmlinquiryforbuying]http//www.intenseresearch.com/marketanalysis/globalsmartelectricbidetseatsmarket20172023.htmlinquiryforbuying A detailed segmentation evaluation of the Smart Electric Bidet Seats market has been provided in the report. Detailed information about the key segments of the market and their growth prospects are available in the report. The detailed analysis of their subsegments is also available in the report. The revenue forecasts and volume shares along with market estimates are available in the report.. Global Carpet and Carpet Tile Market 2019 SEB Meyer Corporation NEWELL Berndes Maspion The Cookware Company: [removed]. Has anyone used sites like 99 acres and paid for their services and has it actually worked. Global Commercial Smoke Grenade Market 2019 Shaw Industries Mohawk Milliken Beaulieu Oriental Weavers: [removed]. No.1 Jewellery Search Engine. http//myabhushan.com Sell on My Abhushan Call us 8860088788. How Indian Cryptocurrency Users Avoid Banks Closing Their Accounts. Are Indian Banks Like Digibank and Kotak Mahindra Closing Accounts For Cryptorelated Activity BTC Wires. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Solan Kala Jadu Specialist. Ranjit Bajaj the coowner of Minerva Punjab FC who are the defending champions of ILeague which is going to be axed after this season in order to promote the Pvt RelianceStar owned ISL tweeted this.. Book Luxury Flats in Kolkata with Flora Fountain.  300 growth in my trading account . Best Ladies Specialist Doctors With Low Cost fertility Treatment Book the appointment now. know about Kumar Mangalam Birla. Best Fertility Centers With Low Cost fertility Treatment Book the appointment now. Know About Kumar Mangalam Birla Biography Of Kumar Mangalam Birla. Best IVF Clinics With Low Cost Infertility Treatment Book the appointment now. Best Test Tube Baby Centers With Low Cost Infertility Treatment Book the appointment now. Best Infertility Centers in Patiala in Patiala With Low Cost Infertility Treatment Book the appointment now. Best IVF Treatment Centers in Patiala With Low Cost Infertility Treatment Book the appointment now. Now Enhance your business all over India with help of advertisements at minimum cost. MDO Marketing Department Outsourcing. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Top 20 Online Digital Marketing Courses in Jaipur SEO CourseGrotal. Top 20 Digital Marketing Institutes in Jaipur SEO CourseGrotal. Top 20 Digital Marketing Training in Jaipur SEO CourseGrotal. Top 20 Digital Marketing Courses in Jaipur SEO CourseGrotal. Top 20 Zebra Printer Service Center in GurgaonZebra Printer Repair. Beware Bengaluru online search results may be a trap. Home marinetrainer.com. Understand the financial health of your firms better with SlickAccounts accounting software.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Anyone have experience of GST for nonresident business: [removed]. Indian Stock Market Today Sensex Nifty and Bank Nifty. Reasons to Book Your First Flat in Flora Fountain near Topsia. Commercial Vehicle Sales took a downturn in December 2018. Torture amp murder of pups shocks Kolkatas conscience. Start Call Center Business . Marketing Department Outsourcing. Amigo Infoservices Pvt Ltd Located In Delhi. Amigo Infoservices Offers Bpo Call Center Franchise. 7 Ways To Enter the Solar Panel Industry in India Beginners Guide Spark Sketch. mahindra jawa Jawa Classic First Ride Review Better than Royal Enfield. Bankers Help PleaseAbout the closure of an inoperative CC bank account.: So after my fathers passing. I am taking care of this CC account in his name. In which I used to deposit monthly interest and because of some difficulties I could not repay the whole amount but after sometime the bank said that its been too long and that the normal interest deposits would not work and I should repay the whole amount at once so my question is How much time does a CC account holder gets to repay or close the account after it is inoperative for more than a year What happens with the securitiesin this case it is some property papers. I gave the bank an application asking them a grace time period of five months but theyre forcing me to pay before the deadline. What powers do they have and what rights do I reserve . Amigo Infoservices Pvt Ltd Offers Call Center Projects. Business For Startups amp Existing Call Centers. How to file income tax return form for affiliate marketing income in Hindi Encomtex efiling. Tips from an Indian to land a job in the US.: Tips for an Indian looking for a job in the US. Please share your thoughts and feedback on this new blog post. Thanks [https//americandesi7.wordpress.com/2019/01/13/tipsforlandingajobintheuswhilepursuingamastersundergraddegree/]https//americandesi7.wordpress.com/2019/01/13/tipsforlandingajobintheuswhilepursuingamastersundergraddegree/. Rs.500 discount on Fashion Apparel with Coupongod coupons in INDIA till 31.01.2019.. Joyville Gurgaon 9811750130 Shapoorji Joyville. How BIG is TATA They Own Jaguar ColdFusion. any entrepreneur here what leasson you learned from your success or failure . Indias Central Bank Imposes Stronger Bitcoin Ban Fearing Legalization. Flysaifia.com Wishing You All Happy Lohri 2019. shree rangkala glass design pvt ltd: [removed]. Amigo Infoservices Pvt. Ltd. in Tilak Nagar Delhi110018 Sulekha Delhi. Top 20 SEO Training courses in Jaipur SEO PPC SMO Grotal. Top 20 SEO Training in Jaipur SEO PPC SMO CoursesGrotal. amigo infoservices online demo. Amigo Infoservices Form Filling Projects. Top 20 Ladies Suits in Surat Designer Suits Grotal. Top 20 Silk Sarees in Surat Ladies Kurtis in Surat Grotal. Amigo Infoservices Data Verification Demo. Top 20 Ladies Kurtis Outlets in Surat Online Kurtis ShoppingGrotal. Top 5 Rules To Follow Seeing the Power of Compounding. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Black magic expertsGrotal. List of Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai with Phone Number. Get top 20 list of Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai with their contact details. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad. Stock Market Outlook Nifty and Bank Nifty Technical Levels 14th Jan to 18th Jan. Ashok Chawla quits as National Stock Exchange chairman after CBI gets sanction to prosecute him in AircelMaxis case. eNAM commences interstate trade between APMC mandis. Get Personal Loan Easily By OMLP2P. Reliance Jio turns to fintech launches PoS device for merchants. Book Your Obituary Ads in The Hindu Newspaper for Hyderabad Region. Billing Printer Service Center in Gurgaon NCR. P2P lending By OMLP2P: [removed]. Hindi Serial Shooting Mumbai. BokletbyteA Online bookstore. Earn The Profit Of 115 Every Day On The Investment Of 10.00. Lohri Offers Lohri Deals amp Discounts Online 2019 at TheMediaCat. Global Polyvinylidene Fluoride PVDF Coatings Market Segmented by Type Major Companies. Name the Color Win RedmiNote7. Snag leaks tax info of Amazon India sellers. [buy fresh fruits n vegetables]: [removed]. Full form UAN Number and how to UAN Number Activate hindi. Understanding and Interpreting Company Balance Sheets with example. 400 Free Tools And Free Resources For Bloggers Entrepreneurs and Startups. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. What is important in a class room . Criminal Defense Lawyers in Chandigarh. small business ideas in nepal. 5 Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in Chandigarh. Book ads in Newspaper Online at Minimum Rate. Digital Marketing Services. Zerodha replaces biggies as largest broker in India.. Church is Not Managing the Business Properly. Adani to win 3 out of 7 power projects under Samadhan scheme. Which bank gives highest interest rate on savings account in India. Americans investing in India are seeing outsized returns. Earn Money From Your Blog / Website Or Social Media No Verification or Ban of Account for Self Click : [removed]. This looks suspiciously close to anticompetitive behaviour.. paintreatmentcenter. HAL Can Match Dassaults Delivery Time for 100 Rafale Jets Former MDs Message to Govt. Automotive Alternator and Starter Motor Market 2018 2025 Size Share Scope Growth Demand Analysis amp Major Players: [removed]. Beware of scammers calling on behalf of IRDA/IGMS: [removed]. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Beware of scammers calling on behalf IRDAIGMS: [removed]. 10 Upcoming Transportation Projects in India SuperPower by 2030. Marketing Strategy Explained for Automobile Industry by Atmosquare Marketing Advertising India Spread to known about the Industry. Book Newspaper Advertisement at a discount rate LOHRI OFFER. Best Jobs and internship in Indian Money Bangalore. IBM Sued for Alleged Plans to Move Jobs to India. NUMBER LOOKUP API provider India https//bit.ly/2H2y9hy We provide your business with the entire number validation logic and reach which help you determine the ActiveNumbers PortedStatus RoamingNumbers NumberType. This means you only reach the right users over the right channels saving. Amazon starts closed user group testing of UPI pay platform.. Idea for game show for Indian television. Need help finding resources/contacts.: I have an idea for a game show for Indian television. I do not have any prior experience of how to approach anyone or know anyone to share my idea with. I have created a mock game on paper with rules and everything but need some direction as to how to go about it. What steps should I get to convey my idea to right persons Whom should I approach . huawei 5g trial Chinese Huawei can carry out only 5G trials Telecom secretary Telecom News ET Telecom: is it safe to work with huawei or India cant afford to not work with them [https//telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/chinesehuaweicancarryoutonly5gtrialstelecomsecretary/67447249]https//telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/chinesehuaweicancarryoutonly5gtrialstelecomsecretary/67447249. List of Experienced Black Magic Specialists in Chennai. Hot Rolled Coil Manufacturers in Gujarat ISKO Strip Pvt. Ltd.. Black Magic Specialist in Chennai. IBM Sued For Alleged Plans To Move Jobs To India. Best 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai Vashikaran in Chennai. Get top 20 list of Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai with their contact details. Stock Market Investment 2019 Which one would you prefer Large Mid or Small Cap Stocks . EM Bypass Residential Project to Book Luxury Flats. Interesting post about the Financial Advisor Landscape before SEBI brought in regulations. Thousands of people have been scammed by self proclaimed Advisors.. Supreme Court backs Monsanto on GM cotton payments. Indians love for loans is showing in their increasing indebtedness. Gita Gopinath Takes Charge As First Woman Chief Economist Of The IMF. Bank unions call for twoday strike on January 89 banking services to be hit. 7 Natural Tips And 5 Herbal Supplements Everyone Should Know To Support Healthy Digestion: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Automotive V2X Market InDepth Analysis 2018 2026 by Top Leading Players Like Robert Bosch GmbH Intel Corporation PTC Inc.: [removed]. Get 5.55 Bonus By Registering On The Website. 10 On Uploading Your Video. Total Profit 15.55 No Deposit Needed.. City bajaar. Best Service Apartments in Mathura Residential Apartments For Sale in Aligarh. PPF account benefits withdrawal rules current interest rate 2019. Good News Guys Get a Huge Discount on Newspaper Radio and Digital Media Advertisements.. India Competition Analysis Industry Overview and Future Prospects 2023. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes/Centers in Shillong UPSC ExamGrotal. IAS Coaching in Shillong. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. How to PNB ATM Pin Generate and Change in hindi. Get your GST Registration Number at the minimum prices.. Imperial Overseas Education Consultants in Mumbai India 2019. ESSAR STEEL WANTS TO SETTLE 54K Crore NPA Loan.: Essar Steel becomes the 1st company to come around amp say it wants to settle its 54000 cr NPA loan to banks taken between UPA period of 200414. Amount is 6 times of Vijay Mallyas default. Amount is 8 times of Nirav Modis default. Amount equal to entire Rafale deal. All given under UPA era. Big victory Insolvency amp Bankruptcy code IBC IBC would do to corporate lending what CIBIL did to retail lending. IBC insolvency is as big a reform as GST. Media will not show such developments in their primetime debates coz appeasing INC which gave NPA worth 54 lakh crore is important than doing justice to Modi who is yielding results despite facing odds. [Essar seeks withdrawl from IBC.]https//m.economictimes.com/industry/indlgoods/svs/steel/essarsteelseekswithdrawalfromibcprocessofferstopayallcreditors/amparticleshow/66364125.cmsutmsourcetwitterappamputmmediumsocialamputmcampaignsocialsharebuttonsamptwitterimpressiontrue IBC is a great success. To loot the banks the UPA government had disbursed 47 lac crores between 2007 to 13. This figure looks stunning if you know that only 19 lac crores was disbursed by banks from 1947 to 2006. It was specifically mentioned by the PM recently. He calls it phone banking. Congress was taking a 6 fee for arranging such loans. Indoor Air Quality Monitoring Market Size amp Share 2018 2026 by Major Players Like Testo AG 3M Company Servomex MERCK KGaA: [removed]. Indias civil aviation ministry to discuss developing Keralas new airport. Railway RRB JE Recruitment 2019 for 14033 Junior Engineer amp Other Vacancy: [removed]. Top 10 Packers and movers in Ahmedabad: [removed]. Macpower Industries ECO 215 All Gear Head Lathe Machine: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Dues settlement row RCom says Ericsson attempting media trial endangering interest of creditors. Top 20 CTET Coaching in Lucknow TET Coaching classes. Indian companies log record 129 billion in MampA deals in 2018. Export import business course Zero to first deal 1.0 by exportimportprac.... Best app to transfer money: [removed]. Which are the most genuine and safe sites to buy legitimate Instagram followers: [removed]. Looking for educated and English proficient Indians to work with me on higher education assignments.:  I am still in need of a couple more professionals in the areas of Mathematics Physics English Composition Homeland Security and Industrial/Safety Engineering. For these positions you will need a working computer with internet access a high degree of English composition skills and the ability to research and complete these assignments in a timely manner. I will be paying you per assignment via PayPal/Bank transfers in US dollars. Payment depends on experience and the result of the assignment. My current associates make up to 350 a week working anywhere from 20 to 40 hours a week. PM me your resume if you have one or your qualifications and previous experience with the topic if you dont. Google Docs Microsoft Word Excel and Powerpoint proficiency are a big plus. Edit I am willing to pay 25 to anybody that finds me a qualified individual. conditions apply One of my associates payments sheet [https//i.imgur.com/VPIJolZ.png]https//i.imgur.com/VPIJolZ.png I can provide references to previous posts in other subreddits.. A summary of Indias growing esports industry in 2018. My experience with Indian Bank today.... Finbook Financial News 2018: [removed]. pf consultant in Delhi. Luxury Apartment to Book Your 3 BHK Flats in Topsia Kolkata. Merger Of Three Public Sector Banks Would Not Lead To Job Loss Arun Jaitley Impact News India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Broke HAL borrows Rs 1000 crore to pay salaries to employees. Luxury Apartments Near Manyata Tech Park CoEvolve Northern Star: [removed]. Amazon and Flipkart are off the hook Youll still be able to buy the Amazon Echo and MarQ products online. Oil PSUs sign pact with IITBombay to set up centre of excellence. How to SBI ATM Pin Generate in Hindi. DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR KIDNEY: [removed]. Franchisee Store By Bespocut: [removed]. EM Bypass Residential Project to Book Luxury Flats in Kolkata. This Year Fulfill Your Travel Goals with SpecialAirFares Starting at Rs. 1483. Top 20 Test Tube Baby Centers in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. Top 20 IVF Centers in Ludhiana IVF Treatment Grotal. Know What is Unpleasant Credit History and How it Impact on your Loan: [removed]. Top 20 IVF Treatment in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. Get 5.55 Bonus By Registering On The Website. 10 On Uploading Your Video. Total Profit 15.55 No Deposit Needed.. Top 20 Female Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. Top 20 Infertility Centers in Ludhiana IVF Treatment. 9 Important Types of Home Loans That You Should Know. CHIS Kabeela Resort: [removed]. Paper industry exhibition 2019. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Holidays Membership. RCom Anil Ambani Ericsson seeks jail for RCom Chairman Anil Ambani unless dues cleared. GST Council Meet.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Mahindra sells 16510 tractors in India in December 2018. Maths Tuition Classes in Amritsar. Maths Tuition Centers in Amritsar. 20 Best Maths tuition in Amritsar Maths tutors in Amritsar. Managed Wordpress Hosting. free website for making money off your beats from India. Flat Amenities Purchase New Apartments in Central Kolkata. Investors gave Indian startups less money in 2018 but created more unicorns than ever. Network Adapter Market In Depth Analysis by Top Leading Players Like Transition Networks Lenovo ASUS Belkin Vantec: [removed]. High Methoxyl Pectin Market Size by 2026 Top Key Players Jinfeng Pectin Pomonas Universal Pectin Yuning BioTec: [removed]. Merger Of Dena Bank Vijaya Bank Bank Of Baroda Gets Nod From Government Impact News India. Energy Efficient Windows Market Trend 20182025 by Major Players Like Kolbe amp Kolbe Millwork Marvin Milgard Manufacturing: [removed]. [Banking Question] Can anybody tell me a good account in any of the Govt Bank which has an Auto Sweep facility.: Autosweep is an account type which has the properties of both a savings account and term deposit. Above a certain amountsay 10000 the excess is treated as a Fixed Deposit So if you have 20000 is your account will earn 4 on the first 10000 and 7/8 on the next 10000.. 11 Awesome Money Making Tips For Students. holiday membership: [removed]. India to legalize cannabis.. Top 20 IAS Entrance Coaching in Amritsar Grotal. Top 20 IAS Coaching Centers in Amritsar Online ClassesGrotal. Top 20 IAS Coaching Classes in Amritsar UPSC ExamGrotal. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes in Amritsar UPSC ExamGrotal. Vivo Carnival Sale on Amazon get huge discount on Vivo Smartphones. Offer expiring soon. News in Hindi. Trusted platform to publicize your information via Newspaper Advertisement. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Himachal. Software development Mobile apps development and e commerce website development. Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Luxury House in chandigarh.. Joyville Gurgaon 9811750130 Shapoorji Pallonji Gurgaon: [removed]. Reach people through our advanced video marketing service.: [removed]. IIT JEE Coaching in Amritsar. Small eateries say food delivery companies misusing dominant position. Is Vestige Marketing Pvt LTD a MLM scam or a legitimate business: [removed]. Stock Market Outlook 2019 Nifty Bank Nifty would touch new high. Stock Market Flashback 2018 Top 10 Events of Share Market. Indias OYO plans Saudi debut UAE expansion. Social media marketing tricks. Team of Flysaifia.com Celebrated New Year 2019. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Apartment to Book 3 BHK Flats in South Kolkata near Tollygunge. Highlights from GST 31st Council Meeting SlickAccount Blog. FIR filed in purchase of AI IA planes. Start Your HYIP Business With ECHYIP.COM At 499 Free Installation 1 Month Free Support with One Year Domain amp Hosting. Men Footwear. Kala Jadu Experts in Faridabad. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Is it cheaper to buy Macbook at Changi airport How to bring it into India and not paying customs duty: [removed]. India is superb country. Indian peoples have amazing knowledge and skills. So please share your skills with us by facebook watch.: [removed]. Advertise your business amp products by Classified Ads in the Newspaper. Amazon Reinvents Itself. The retailer is targeting hundreds of millions of new online shoppers in Indias countryside. Top Real Estate Developer to Buy Your Apartment in Kolkata. Tata Group Now Relies On TCS More Than Ever. Flysaifia.com Wishing You All Happy New Year 2019. HappyNewYear NewYear2019 HappyNewYear2019 NewYear. Heera Gold Timeline 1 Background Pre 2007: Background Pre 2007 Before anything Nowhera Shaikh was a daughter of a vegetable vendor. As she grew up she started teaching small children how to read the Quran in various madrassas in a Tirupur locality. Later on she started collecting money from the local people in her area promising them monthly payments at such an interest rate that would double the amount of the capital investment in a years time. All of this was done without an office in a small remote town near Tirupur. People trusted her as she was also involved in teaching kids how to read the Quran. As the investments grew the need to sustain it brought in more people to join in to become Core Members of Nowhera Shaikhs socalled business and so the business began to expand. Availability of money gave rise to the idea of gold trading Ghana. During those times buying gold dust from Ghana illegally exporting it to other countries selling it for a margin converting the profit into Gold Bars and bringing it back to India was a lucrative trade even though illegal. Hawala was used for money transactions in and out of India. ampx200B Ghana Gold Business Facts This was the initial business propagated which helped Nowhera Shaikh and her close aids establish a name for herself and her aids. The story Nowhera Shaikh and her aids put out was that Nowhera Shaikh owns a company named Heera Gold and Heera Gold had a contract with Ghana government which helped them get gold in a cheaper rate from Ghana i.e. 4.5 discount on the daily rate of gold in Ghana. They would then sell the gold they purchased on a 1.5 discount from the days rate to renowned companies established in the Gulf such as DDamas and other credible gold refining companies. They also used to mention that DDamas specifically had a capacity to buy and process 500 kg of gold dust on a daily basis and this made the business seem huge. Nobody questioned as to why couldnt a company such as DDamas get into a similar contract with Ghana Government. Nowhera Shaikhs ability to mesmerize people played an important role in achieving success in inducing people to invest on her trade. ampx200B Initial Offices of Heera Group amp Companies Huge money started pouring in in the name of Ghana Gold Business and the first of offices in the name of Heera Gold were opened in Mira Road Thane in the year 2007. One Mr. Farid was the incharge of this office. In the year 2008 Salim Ansari opened an office in Bhindi Bazar. Dr. Rizwan Shaikh used to work in that office. Dr. Rizwan Shaikhs wife became an ME. In the year 2016 to 2017 Dr. Rizwan Shaikhs son became an ME. Nazneen of Jeddah is a Pakistani Citizen who also has been with Heera Group since the beginning.. Allow banks to hold passports of loantakers Madras HC suggests. Allow banks to hold passports of loantakers Madras HC suggests: [removed]. Guys please me help me understand how to buy bitcoins in India.: [removed]. Simmba has embarked on a flying start in overseas. collects Rs. 37.74 cr. https//www.finogyan.com/2018/12/stockmarketflashback2018top10eventssharemarket.html. Toronto Condo Only Trusted Real Estate Agent Toronto. Process to start digital business: [removed]. Poor services provided by Goibibo customer care and management services: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Indias first 33/41 seater monocoque bus unveiled by Force Motors TrucksBuses: [Force Traveller]https//www.trucksbuses.com/blog/forcetravellermonobus3341seatermonocoquebusforcemotors/ Monobus is a fully inhouse effort of our RampD team and it will set new benchmarks in performance comfort reliability durability and safety. These same qualities have enabled the Traveller to become the acknowledged leader in the 9 and 26seater minibus category. The monocoque construction is possible due to extensive use of large pressed panels which are fully designed tooled and produced inhouse. ampx200B [Force Traveller Monobus TrucksBuses]https//i.redd.it/7me5tmvkbl721.jpg. What new FDI guidelines mean for the ecommerce ecosystem. EWay Bill API Integration. Last Day Of Mega New Year Sale Offer 2018. Domain Hosting amp Crypto Script At Affordable Price. Flat 50 Off.. Top 20 UGC NET Coaching Centers in Lucknow UGC NET Training. Latest Embroidery Work Fabric Sana Silk Sarees Banglori Silk Blous.... [Help Needed] How to do wire transfer using State Bank of India: Hi all I am a freelancer earlier I used to receive payments using PayPal but suddenly PayPal has has limited my account. So I wanted ask is it possible to wire transfer money from USA to Indian SBI account What information do I need for the wire transfer And is wire transfer cheaper than online payment services like PayPal and Payoneer Thanks. Ample Pure Cotton Semi Patiala with Dupatta: [removed]. Hello India. I made a mobile game in Hindi. Its a comedy adventure game full of puzzles. I want to promote my game and reach as many users as possible. Can someone help me in some way. How a 2.53 cr heist was pulled off in Health Ministry.... Plots at Kothur Directorate of Town amp Country Planning DTCP approved. How Indias Modi jacket craze tears at fabric of history. Aamir Khans Thugs of Hindostan falls with a thud in China as well makes only Rs 10 crore on opening day. C S Sudheer Lead market Review and Complexities of Financial Products: [removed]. Sarees Embroidered Sarees Collections. Swimming Pool Accessories Providers in Jalandhar and Himachal. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Want to Invest For Parents: Hi Guys I have some money saved up that I want to invest in the safest way. Since real estate requires a bigger commitment and involvement and equity in US is risky at best a friend suggested SIP for parents back home may be best. Can you guys in similar boats advice how to invest money for posters retirement Is SIP really the best bet and which bank/plan or provider did you go with I am also wondering tax obligations. Can I give my parents money as family maintenance and can they invest it in their own name Or is it better for my brother or I to invest in their names so we can claim it as tax deductions For context I also have a 401k here my brother is in his 20s and also working and parents are both 50 and dad has a small income mom does not. . EM Bypass Residential Project to Buy 4 BHK Flats in Kolkata. This is a Zomato ad in todays Gulf News in Dubai.. Great that an Indian company is making news abroad... Best 2 BHK Apartments For Sale In North Bangalore CoEvolve Northern Star: [removed]. Book Classified Ads in Newspapers at 10 to 30 Off New Year Offer. Top 20 Black Magic Experts in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Pain points for the MSME sector. In 2019 Use Various ERP Software Solutions to Grow Your Business. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Gurgaon NCR. Air India Turbulence Government Has Plans For Its Revival With A Comprehensive Financial Package Impact News India. Review of Success Achieved by IndianMoney CEO C S Sudheer: [removed]. Top 7 Common Health Insurance Myths. Easy Trade Fin Loan Karur Vysya Bank. Current Account for Corporates. Multicity Current Account for Businesses. The smartest way to manage inventory for small businesses.. POS mode billing amp inventory management software for retailers only at Rs.499/month.. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. McDonalds India After 22 Years Has Scored Its First Profit After A Total Loss Of Rs 421 crore. CAG audit report yet to be made public in state of JampK.... Apples TopEnd IPhone X Series May Be Built In India From 2019 Prices Could Come Down. Are you ready for Marriage. Blockchain Revolutionising the Fintech Capital of India. Foxconn to assemble Apple iPhone X series in India. Stock Market trading holidays 2019 NSE BSE. Apple will begin assembling its topend iPhones in India through the local unit of Foxconn as early as 2019. Designer Saries For Women. Flora Fountain Luxury Residential Project in EM Bypass. Shillong Tour Packages: [removed]. Indias leading Generator manufacturers Cooper Corp: [removed]. Celebrate New Year with TheMediaCat offers amp save lots of money on your advertisement 10 to 30 Off. Indian Money Complaints Feedback Response mechanism. Virtual Office and Business Address. Indian Money Complaints Quick response Free Advice. Nashik Escorts8657232177 Independent High Profile VIP Call Girls in Nashik: [removed]. IIFM Indian Institute of Fleet Management FPSC Social Security Card Ensure your Life amp Career at the same time.: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. IndianAmerican Rajesh Subramaniam named President and CEO of FedEx. IRCTCPaytm Avail zero transaction charges on train ticket booking via Paytm. Congratulations Now enjoy ZEE5 shows like Karenjit Kaur Veere Di Wedding Mulk amp more for FREE with your Rs399 pack. AirtelThanks. Click airtel.in/5/a105: Anyone still this getting this message for like the 1000th time. Amul Girl young since 1967. Purchase Your Dream Property Which Is Free From All Frauds By Making Use Of The Service From Property Lawyers Chennai. Public sector banks recovery against NPAs doubles this year. In Blow to Amazon and Walmart India Bans a Key Part of Their Business Strategy. How to celebrate 1st birthday of kid in unique way. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best Mutual Funds to Invest Through Systematic Investment Plan / SIP in 2019. Buy Palazzo Suits in Surat Designer Suits Grotal. Buy Ladies Sarees in Surat Designer Sarees Grotal. Buy Pure Silk Sarees in Surat Designer Sarees Grotal. Get the best Bridal Suits in Surat Designer Lehengas Grotal. In A Facebook Post Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Writes About Eighteen Months Of GST Impact News India. Top 20 Banarasi Sarees Outlets in Surat Online Kurtis Grotal. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Top 20 Ladies Kurtis in Surat Online Kurtis ShoppingGrotal. Top 20 PCS Coaching Centers in Lucknow PCS Coaching institutes. Business Schools In Mumbai: [removed]. Public Sector Bank Strikes Is the Industry Moving Towards Unilateralism. In Gupta Brothers Rise and Fall the Tale of a Sullied A.N.C.. An Ideal Hospital Management Information System in 2019. Zomato being Tomato part2. Beat the rotten Indian education system with these tricks. Okay. Heres another one. So memes are Officially Transcending into the Real World. Tinder is on a roll. Shah Rukh Khans Zero beaten at the box office by Kannada film KGF in photo finish. DDA Recruitment 2018 Apply Online for 190 Stenographer Junior Engineer and Other Posts. Rs 100 Coin Released by PM Narendra Modi in Memory of Atal Bihari Vajpayee See Pic. Make Your Business More Profitable with Simple Business Ideas in Telugu Money Mantan TV. Need help choosing the right savings account: Wanted to open a zero balance savings account for paypalAli expresspsn network and for international payments.please suggest the account for the same any bank will work if it support zero balance and international payment.. 28 A Dying Slab Arun Jaitley Hints At Lower Taxes Says Single GST Rate In The Works:  28 A Dying Slab Arun Jaitley Hints At Lower Taxes Says Single GST Rate In The Works. how to set free airtel caller tune in 999 days. Kolkata Escorts 24/7 Independent High Profile Call Girl in Kolkata. Who is the Next Target for Currency Crisis after Venezuela. Single GST rate in the works 28 slab could be phased out Arun Jaitley:  https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/sunissettingonthe28gstslabarunjaitley/articleshow/67226303.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. Global Fire Protection Valves amp Fittings Market revenues are projected to grow at a CAGR of 7.6. India Inc Hails GST Councils Decision To Slash Tax Rates. camping in rishikesh. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Beautiful Birthday Room Decoration with Balloons at Home. Super spider man theme decoration on Adwaits birthday party. Subramanian Swamy Drops A Bombshell Reiterates His Corruption Allegation Against RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das. How to surprise wife on birthday Romantic Room Decoration. Biggest Christmas Tree Decoration Done By JOL Events. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Best business from home. Become blogger Earn money from blogging make 100000 rupees monthly. https//www.cryptolux.io/cabinet/registersponsorjp349. Nifty and Bank Nifty Technical levels ahead of Dec Expiry. Facebook to launch its own Cryptocurrency targetting the Indian markets.What will be Govt. stance : [removed]. Nice place for wedding vendors: [removed]. Platen Die Punching Machine Manufacturers amp Exporters .. How to choose a Mattress for back pain. Shady Zomato allows restaurants to relist once their ratings go down. Very shady.. Anyone experienced here in operating a computer training center: I am planning to open a new computer training institute which will focus on teaching programming Interview preparation for tech companies and few other computer related courses. ampx200B Does anyone here know the challenges ampx200B P.S. I am a software engineer with 7 years work exp. This will be my side hustle. ampx200B. 4 Important Factors that Influences Your Investment Strategy. 3 5 7 Ply Corrugation Board Production Line Manufacturers Exporters India Amritsar. Facebook Is Developing a Cryptocurrency for WhatsApp Transfers Sources Say. PSU banks collected Rs 10000 crore from you in 3 and a half years. How to Build a Successful Online Business in Arizona. End of year giveaway for Indian Startups by StartupByte Curated 4 Ebooks around Startup Marketing Entrepreneurship Startup Tools and Product: [removed]. Swiggy Zomato and Uber Eats are misusing their dominant position Restaurants file petition. Kolkata Pin Code Details. What is Buyback of Shares. Where to Book Flats in South Kolkata Near Tollygunge Metro. General Insurance Karur Vysya Bank. Pre Wedding Shoot Locations in Delhi Pre Wedding Shoot Delhi. Maternity Photoshoot Location in Delhi Location for Kids Photoshoot. Location for Fashion Photography in Delhi Song Shooting Location in Delhi. Corporate Loans for Professional Karur Vysya Bank. Corporate Banking Services Karur Vysya Bank. Book Your Public Notice Ads in Times of India Mumbai at Best Rates. Personal Loan Borrow Money Online. Gitanjali office in Mumbai. Personal Loan in Bangalore Personal Loan OMLP2P: [removed]. Personal Loan in Delhi NCR Personal Loan OMLP2P: [removed]. Health manager. Best Food packaging company in Hyderabad: [removed]. Cab Service in Jaipur: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Latest Collections Princess of Peacock Heavy Zari Tussar Silk Sare.... 7 Websites that provide online work for Indian users: [removed]. Indian Food delivery startup Swiggy raises 1 billion. Public sector banks recover 8.69 billion of bad loans in AprilSeptember.. Tata Tigor EV now available for selfdrive in Pune. Digi bubble bursts Only 1 use mobile money services. Upcoming Residential Project to Book 3 BHK Flats in Kolkata. After Uttar Pradesh Government Clears Deal Of Rs 5000 Crore IKEA Stores Set To Arrive Impact News India. Techies in Bengaluru need to quit bingedrinking step out and shed the flab. Now Grab a 10 Discount to Book Ads in the Newspaper by Using the NEWYEAROFFER Code. Top 20 Female Infertility Treatment in Amritsar IVF CentersGrotal. Top 20 Test Tube Baby Centers in Amritsar IVF CentersGrotal. Top 20 Infertility Centers in Amritsar Infertility Treatment Grotal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Xiaomi Introduces Mi Pay In India An UPIBased A Cashless Mobile Payment Solution. The tough life of an Ambani. 10 Best Credit Cards with no Annual Fees in India. Why ABB India investors are jittery on ABBHitachi deal. What the GSKPfizer merger means for their Indian units. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Best Bank in India ICICI vs HDFC vs SBI: Hey guys Im an NRI and I have been researching Indianbased banks for quite some time to open NRE/NRO accounts. My primary purpose is to keep some funds in there when I travel within India. I have read countless mixed reviews about all three banks ICICI HDFC and SBI and I am unable to make a decision. I would like to hear your thoughts Thank you. Sara Ali Khans debut film Kedarnath nears the Rs 60 croremark. How good is MBA in HR in India : So i might have a shot at some good India B schools and i have been planning to get my MBA in HR. But people have been reacting with stuff like its not good for guys and salaries are low. I personally found it quite intriguing so what do you guys suggest will i be better off majoring in Finance or Marketting. A little help would be very grateful: Hi. Sorry for posting it here but I am in dire need for help. I am trying to setup my photography business since it is really new concept people dont seem to be catching it. I would really appreciate it if someone could connect me with some Interior Designer/Architect/Property Builders as my services are mainly benefiting to this sector. I am sorry for posting here but I have ran out of my contacts/resources and could really use your help. Please DM as you might want to check my skills first before referring me to someone. Thanks a lot. . Latest Emboss Tussar silk saree Zari Border with Price Rs 875 New .... JSSC Recruitment 2018 Apply for 1012 Special Branch Constable Posts. Royal Enfield interceptor 650 WALKAROUND EXAHUST NOTE FULL SPEC DETAILS. Why choose effitrac HR amp Financial Management Software: [removed]. Top 20 IELTS Coaching Centers in Mohali with Fees and Course Details. Demonetisation Blues Hit Growth Target By 2 Percentage Points Points Out Gita Gopinath In A Paper. PhillipCapitals TVC When is the right time: [removed]. After sliding sales now comes a tax shocker for Patanjali Ayurved.. Sensex Opens In Green All Eyes On Fed. Aircel Maxis Case P Chidambaram And Son Get Protection From Arrest Till January 11 2019 Impact News India. Binny Bansal seeks 100 mn from Walmart after Flipkart exit. TIL Man who coined Ab ki baar Modi sarkar owns SpiceJet airlines: [removed]. What is Subsidy and Why is given Hindi me. WBSETCL Recruitment 2018 Apply Online for 322 Office Executive Linesman amp Other Posts. Property to Book Flats near Dum Dum Metro in North Kolkata. Kolkata Pin Code Details Postal Codes List of Kolkata District India. Latest Fabric Cotton Silk saree with Price Rs 775 New Arrivals Tir.... Indirapuram Ghaziabad India Property Hotspot for Residential Real Estate 2019 ATS SAYA GAUR. Personal Loan in Mumbai Personal Loan OMLP2P: [removed]. Personal Loan Easy Personal Loan Best Personal Loan OMLP2P: Omlp2p is a peer to peer lending platform providing personal loans at the lowest interest rates. Hassle free process easy documentation online loan process amp quicks disbursement. For more information visit our website at [https//www.omlp2p.com/PersonalLoan]https//www.omlp2p.com/PersonalLoan \PersonalLoan PersonalLoanMumbai Easyloan applyloanonline. Full Body Massage Centers in Jaipur. Electric Fireplaces Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Types of Life Insurance Policies in Salem OH Explained: [removed]. Real Estate Investment in Toronto. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Digital Marketing Career Scope. PSU bank fraud SBI tops with most employees caught in the act next on the list is no surprise.. AIATSL Recruitment 2019 Walk in for 250 Handyman Customer Agent amp Other Posts. Residential Complex to Buy 3 BHK Flats Near EM Bypass Kolkata. Best luxury mattress you can buy in Delhi. Majoritarianism Divides Raghuram Rajan Tells Prannoy Roy. Controls Instruments India: [removed]. Debunking the Common Myths About Corporate Insolvency in India. Linen Clothing for Women of all Ages. Advertising Agencies in Hyderabad: [removed]. Why Digital Marketing as a career: Confused about Digital marketing career Here are some job role you can go for after pursuing our Digital marketing course 1. Digital marketing executive 2. Digital marketing manager 3. SEO executive 4. Social media expert 5. Digital marketing copywriter 6. conversion rate optimizer 7. SEM specialist 8. Inbound marketing manager 9. content marketing manager 10. Analytics manager. 5 Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in Chandigarh. Karnataka to float global tender for Disneylandlike project in KRS. Linen Clothing Styles for Men. Latest Handwork Embroidery Banglori silk saree Blouse With Price Rs.... French AntiCorruption NGO Registers Complaint To Probe Corruption In Rafale Deal. 13yearold Indian boy owns software development company in Dubai. AAI Recruitment 2018 Apply Online for 26 Senior Assistant Posts. SPMCIL Recruitment 2018 Apply Online For 21 Welfare Officer Supervisor Posts. Kids Entertainment Artists for Birthday Parties Corporate Events Wedding Event etc. Grand Carnival Festival Decoration in Pune by JOL Events. Grand Entrance Decoration with Balloon Arches by JOL Events. Plan to celebrate your kids birthday in a special way with a magical unicorn themed party. Super Spider Man Birthday Theme Decoration By JOL Events. Surprise Birthday Decoration for Father by Daughter in Pune JOL Events. Medical Tourism in India from the Arab Gulf Region. Mascot character costumes for sale. We also provide live cartoon characters on rental basis for events.. Surprise your partner with romantic room decoration. Fastest Growing Event Management Company in India. Merger of BoB Dena bank and Vijaya bank unwarranted AIBEA. Top 10 Vashikaran specialists in Bangalore Grotal.com. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai Grotal.com. https//www.grotal.com/GurgaonNCR/BlackMagicSpecialistsC51. Indias leading Travel SiteTravel agency in faridabad Tour operators in faridabad. How to calculate income tax on salary for FY 201819. RRC Hubli Recruitment 2018 Apply Online for 963 Apprentice Posts. Kidney donor here: [removed]. Business and Politics in India a new book edited edited by Atul Kohli Kanta Murali and Jaffrelot Christophe Authors have shared Introsection Table of Contents via Google Books asking for comments from public: Link to access the sharedsection of book via Google Books gt https//books.google.fr/bookshlenamplrampidd2J7DwAAQBAJampoifndamppgPP1ampdq22ChristopheJaffrelot22ampotsqFYeJWjPlAampsig1ImqBAu8xkiQkO4OC5a6LHookrwvonepageampq22Christophe20Jaffrelot22ampffalse Link to the tweet by one of the authors gt [Atul Kohli Kanta Murali amp I have edited a book with OUP New York on Business and Politics in India. Youll get access to the table of contents amp the introduction via this link and see that many experts take part in this volume. Comments are welcome Jaffrelot Christophe]https//twitter.com/jaffrelotc/status/1071446358232571904. What are the preparations done for Kumbh Mela 2019. Sandeep Fountains Water Fountain Manufacturers in Himachal. Kidney donor here: Hi Were looking for kidney donors We are located in India Canada UK Jordan Turkey USA Malaysia ampx200B South Africa etc Very urgently. Bve Ove and Ave with India passports/ Voters card or Pan ampx200B card and age should be more than 18 years. Interested persons should contact us ampx200B Whataspp 917204719376 ampx200B Whataspp 917204719376 ampx200B Whataspp 917204719376 ampx200B Email [sunajkidneyfundationgmail.com]mailtosunajkidneyfundationgmail.com Regard Dr Sunaj Edward. Tafe 30 DI Orchard Plus Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. Ultimate Guide On Medical Device Registration In 9 Different Countries. Rafale Deal Verdict Supreme Court Backs Government Stand On Pricing Decision Making Dismisses All Petitions Impact News India. Government Vs RBI Arun Jaitley Gets Candid Admits Differences In 23 Areas. Top 20 Travel Agents in Delhi Best Travel agency in Delhi NCR. Best Digital Marketing Company in New York. Customers Can Now Port Out From One Network to Another in Two Days as per New MNP Rules from Trai. Website Design in Ahmedabad. Semi Fully Hydraulic Paper Cutting Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. POS billing amp Accounting Software at Rs.499 ONLY.. Karan Johar slams delusional actors and their salary demands hopes Ayushmann Vicky Rajkummar are smarter. Latest collections Patli Rich Pallu Tussle Tussar silk saree wi.... ICICI Bank tops list of most employees caught in fraud.. BSNL Recruitment 2019 Apply Online for 150 MT Telecom Operation Posts. Vivo to invest Rs 4000 crore for new plant in Uttar Pradesh. Google is wading into Indias huge online shopping market. HPPSC Recruitment 2019 Apply Online for 20 Excise ampTaxation Inspector and Other Posts. Central Railway Recruitment 2018 78 DEO/ Executive Asst/ Digital Office Asst Posts. Ready to Move Flats 2/3 BHK near Diamond Plaza Nagerbazar. Property to Book Luxury Flats near EM Bypass Kolkata. Microwave Oven Repairing Service in Faridabad. World Top Colleges Universities Updated info on Tuition fee Scholarship Programs amp Campus: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. EthosIIM Sambalpur fest promo. India Elevator amp Escalator Market 201720236Wresearch. India Had Very Solid Growth In Past 4 Years Says IMFs Chief Economist: [https//thelogicalindian.com/news/mauriceobstfeldimf/fbclidIwAR04P7VNXWJp55X0xnFB2cYOkOzhJKXMVygv4XQg2mQaj5SPCBa6IOobkQ]https//thelogicalindian.com/news/mauriceobstfeldimf/fbclidIwAR04P7VNXWJp55X0xnFB2cYOkOzhJKXMVygv4XQg2mQaj5SPCBa6IOobkQ ampx200B International Monetary Funds IMF Chief Economist Maurice Obstfeld said on Sunday December 9 that over the past four years India has had a very solid growth. The fundamental economic reform that the government carried out for instance the Goods and Services Tax GST and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code were appreciated by him. . Should You surrender your LIC Jeevan Anand Policy: [removed]. Compensation Guidelines for Delayed flights in India. Find Tour and Travel Agencies in Delhi Grotal.com. Paytm Postpaid Did anyone else receive this. 4 Night 5 Days Tour Packages in Delhi Grotal.com. Honeymoon Packages in Delhi Best Deals Guaranteed Grotal. Modi government appoints Shaktikanta as New Governor Of Central Bank. Bluetooth Rs 200/pc. Vashikaran Mantra in Chennai. Black Magic Experts in Chennai. Get top 20 list of Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai with their contact details. Person Cheated By SIM Swap Fraud: [removed]. Shaktikanta Das Replaces Urjit Patel As The New RBI Governor Impact News India. Escorts Farmtrac 45 CL VM PS Price Khetigaadi. Top 20 SSC Coaching Classes in Chandigarh with Contact Details Grotal. Top 20 SSC Coaching Classes in Chandigarh with Contact Details Grotal. Top 20 SSC Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh with Contact Details Grotal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 SSC Coaching in Chandigarh SSC CGL Coaching centers Grotal. Top 20 SSC Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh SSC CGL Coaching Grotal. I cant get over Shaktikanta Das being appointed as RBI Governor: I flaired this as Business/Finance. I guess it should be Politics and Non Politics as well. IAS officers generally have no technical knowledge of the area they lead. Now from RR we have gone down to the level of this guy who raped us with his demo execution. Now does this guy have any formal education in finance and economics I couldnt find out. Or are we just following hard work gt Harvard bull shit. What really worries me is that common people or even educated people or even the randia crowd dont seem to realize how serious and fucked up this could be. We just dont have daily interaction with the RBI so most dont know or care. RBI policies and actions affect everything. And I mean everything As if demo isnt a good example of that.. Founders of PharmEasy Dhaval Shah and Dharmil Sheth Tips to become a successful Entrepreneur Start Up Struggles Pharma Industry Revolution. Kotak Mahindra petitions court against RBI preference share rule. Washing Machine Repair Service Centers in Faridabad. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Family Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Success Tutorials Private Home Tuition in Ludhiana. Advocates in Delhi Grotal.com. Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Civil Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Criminal Defense Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Divorce Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Top Criminal Lawyers and Legal Advisors in Delhi Grotal.com. Rajinikanths 2.0 earns Rs 620 crore worldwide breaks records held by Sanju and Padmaavat.. New Year Celebration at rishikesh. Lady Home Tutor in Ludhiana. 9650129697 PreLeased Commercial Property in Udyog Vihar Gurgaon. Top 20 SEO Coaching Centers in Jaipur SEO TrainingGrotal. Sai Baba Bhajan: [removed]. Top 20 SEO Coaching Institutes in Jaipur SEO TrainingGrotal. Top 20 SEO Training Institutes in JaipurSEO PPC SMO CoursesGrotal. Top 20 SEO Courses in JaipurSEO PPC SMO Training Grotal. Government Vs RBI Urjit Patel Resigns As Governor Citing Personal Reasons Impact News India. Top 20 SEO Training in Jaipur SEO PPC SMO CoursesGrotal. Christmas Offer Book Your Ads Now amp Get a Very Big Discount. Top 20 Washing Machine Repair centers in Faridabad. The rise and fall of ILampFS: [removed]. Pre Construction Condos in Toronto. Housing Complex to Book Flats in South Kolkata. Visit Us At AceTech Delhi 2018 Alfaa UV. RBI Governor Urjit Patel Resigns.. Classified Ads in Newspaper. Top 10 Corporate Relocation Services in Bangalore Grotal. How religion is turning into a money spinner for Indian Railways. Hello Repair Services in Nagpur: [removed]. Best IAS academy in Chennai: [removed]. Personal Loan Mistakes An Actionable Guide To Use Your Money Wisely. Following in real time the gold price silver price and currency rates given by all currencies.. India Post Tracking at one place.: [removed]. About Us Home Tuition Centre in Ludhiana. Spiritual Gurus fashion goals Baba Ramdev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Jaggi Vasudevs high street strategy. PCS Coaching Classes in Jalandhar. PCS Coaching Centers in Jalandhar. Why You Should Go to a Jute Goods Manufacturer. ACE DI 450 Star Price Khetigaadi. PTAC Air Conditioner Repair Installation Cleaning New York. Top 20 PCS Coaching Centers in Jaladhar PCS Coaching institutes. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Report Indian Government Panel Submits Crypto Recommendations. India Receives 80 Billion in Remittance Big Potential for Crypto. Instamojo pays For every friend who joins and receives a payment on Instamojo well give both of you voucher worth 500 each.:  Instamojo pays for every friend who joins and receives a payment on Instamojo well give both of you voucher worth 500 each https//imjo.in/bKN5dB . Your neighbourhood sweet shop could become a restaurant to dodge GST.. An Importance of an ISO Internal Auditor 90012015. I have a credit score of 776 looking to get a personal loan: Hi So I am looking to get a personal loan for some personal use and was wondering how much max loan can I get if my cibil score is 776. I have one last installment left on my bike after that I was looking to take a loan of around 25 lakhs. What are my chances What questions will they ask I am sorry I am very new so I dont understand much about banking and loans etc.. Premium Mens Inner Wear ampamp Sleep Wear Online Zoiro.com: [removed]. SMPP Provider In India To Send High Volume Messages: [removed]. Index Funds vs Actively Managed Mutual Funds. Flats near Tollygunge Karunamoyee Kudghat Metro. 4G Android Phone by Rs 500. Krishnamurthy Subramanian Named As New Chief Economic Advisor Impact News India. Robust amp Scalable SMPP Server Configuration in India. Get up to 100 cashback on your first Advertising. Use code 100TMNC. 5 Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in Chandigarh. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes/Centers in Shillong UPSC ExamGrotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Chandigarh Black Magic Experts Grotal. New Holland 5500 Turbo Super 2WD Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. An underwater train between Dubai and Mumbai.Time To Believe The Hype. Advice sought on selling rare shares outside stock market: [removed]. Top 20 Kala Jadu experts in Bangalore Vashikaran SpecialistGrotal. Top 20 Videocon Service Center in Delhi Videocon Repair Center. Top 20 Lost Love Vashikaran Specialist in ChennaiGrotal. Bulk Email Marketing Service: [removed]. Whatsapp Marketing Service: [removed]. IndiGo Flies High Becomes First Domestic Airline To Have 200 Aircrafts In Its Fleet Impact News India. Best Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Top 5 Apple Authorised Service Center in Delhi Details. Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Get top 20 list of Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai with their contact details. Robust amp Scalable SMPP Server Configuration in India: [removed]. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad Vashikaran Experts. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad. Fortis fight comes to blows Malvinder Singh accuses Shivinder of assault The Economic Times Video. Snapdeal 2.0 Attracts 50000 New Sellers. Startup funding The Japanese may be cautious but theyre betting big on India.: [removed]. Complete Guide Online Business Start kaise kare. Zomato being adaptive. Sobha Dream Gardens now in limelight for the locals of Bangalore: [removed]. Housing Complex to Book 3 BHK Flats in Topsia Kolkata. Indian State plans to boost the blockchain ecosystem. IVF Clinics in Jalandhar. SMPP Server Panel Various Advantages For Businesses: ampx200B [SMPP Server Panel Various Advantages For Businesses]https//i.redd.it/uv9mp0do2n221.png Read More [http//www.msgclub.net/products/msgclubsmppserverpanel.aspx]http//www.msgclub.net/products/msgclubsmppserverpanel.aspx \ [SMPP Server Provider]http//www.msgclub.net/products/msgclubsmppserverpanel.aspx \ [SMPP Service Provider]http//www.msgclub.net/products/msgclubsmppserverpanel.aspx ampx200B. Indias Jet Airways set to cut flights on Gulf routes. Follow on Twitter to earn in Indian Stock Markets: [removed]. Follow on Tweeter to earn in stock market.: [removed]. Top 20 PCS Coaching Centers in Phagwara PCS CoachingGrotal. How to Make Money Trading Online. Top 20 PCS Entrance Exams Coaching in Phagwara PCS CoachingGrotal. Top 20 PCS Exam Coaching in Phagwara PCS CoachingGrotal. Top 20 PCS Coaching Classes in Phagwara PCS CoachingGrotal. Believe it or not The cost of making Re 1 coin is Rs 1.11. PCS Coaching Institutes in Phagwara. Top 20 PCS Coaching institutes in Phagwara PCS CoachingGrotal. Release Classified advertisement at the lowest rate. Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumars 2.0 has collected Rs 500 crore worldwide.. Top 20 IVF Treatment Centers in Jalandhar IVF Clinics Hospitals. SMPP Server Panel Various Advantages For Businesses: [removed]. What is GSTIN and How to Verify GSTIN. Liability of mobile wallet users to be zero limited in case of fraud on par with credit card users.. Biggest liar SC orders seizure and sale of 28 Amrapali properties. FUnny... very funny. Axis Bank Customer Service via Twitter D. Mandarin Oriental en Santiago Chile. Zomato acquires Lucknowbased TechEagle to work on drone deliveries in India. Best M Com Coaching in Delhi M com coaching ClassesGrotal. SMPP Client Panel Application Is used as robust SMS application: [removed]. SMPP Client Panel Application Is used as robust SMS application. Best M Com Entrance Coaching Institutes in Delhi M com coaching Grotal. How to Calculate GST Online in India A Step by Step Guide. Best M Com Exams Coaching in Delhi M com coaching Grotal. In A Series Of Tweets 5 Days Before Extradition Verdict Vijay Mallya Offers To Pay Banks 100 Percent Amount Due Impact News India. Best M Com Entrance Exams Coaching in DelhiGrotal. Herbal Coffee Health Tonic in Ayurveda Herbal Products Manufacturer: [removed]. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Flipkart Big Shopping Days Sale Starts December 6. Devotional Bhajans: [removed]. Escorts Farmtrac 6050 4X4 4WD Price Khetigaadi. My life is spent in this car Uber drives its Indian workers to despair.. Advocate Shilpi Das amp AK Legal Advisors Best Advocate in Kolkata: [removed]. Vernacular apps the English premium and monetising the next 200 mn. Best Property Near EM Bypass to Book 3 BHK Flats in Kolkata. Is anyone home at Siyarams . Sugar mills produce 40 lakh tonne sugar by Nov 30. Zerodha to fight panel order asking it to pay client Rs 37 lakh. Top 20 Test Tube Baby Centers in Ludhiana Infertility Treatment Grotal. Love Marriage Specialists in Delhi Grotal.com. Black Magic Experts in Delhi Grotal.com. Top 20 IVF Centers in Ludhiana Female Infertility Treatment Grotal. Kala Jadu Experts in Delhi Grotal.com. Top 20 Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi Grotal.com. Top 20 Female Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. Mumbai CustomsMumbai Foreign Post Office Contact Number 91 7219824298: [removed]. Book Classified Ads in all Indian newspapers. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. https//digitalfloats.com/digitalmarketingtraininginhyderabad/: [removed]. Top 20 Female Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana IVF CentersGrotal. https//digitalfloats.com/adwordstraininginhyderabad/: [removed]. Top 5 Love Vashikaran Specialist in Delhi Grotal.com. 12 Crazy Business Ideas Which You Can Start: [removed]. John Deere 5310 4WD Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. RBIs Three Day Policy Review Deliberations Set To Focus On Interest Rates Impact News India. Swimming Pool Contractors in Jalandhar. Ayurvedic Skin Care Formula Glohills Kit Herbalhills: [removed]. Global Gene Synthesis Market Research Analysis 2018 DNA 20 ATUM Genescript IDT: [removed]. Sun Pharma Too many shadows on Sun Whats really happening at Indias largest pharma firm. Indian CEOs and rich IITians are giving Rajat Gupta a second chance. Pewdiepie is starting a Fundraiser for Indian kids: [removed]. Hire Me Available for work at Chandigarh Tricity.. Adanis New Mini Version of its Mega Mine Still Faces Some Big Hurdles. Residential Project to Book Flats Near Dum Dum Metro. Post merger HUL to increase rural focus with premium segment. Mahindras domestic tractor sales register 18 growth in November. Top 20 SSC Coaching Classes in Chandigarh SSC Coaching Grotal. Top 20 SSC Coaching Centers in Chandigarh SSC Coaching Grotal. Advice to a M22 just about to graduate: [removed]. Top 20 SSC coaching institutes in Chandigarh Grotal.com. One of the Oldest Bookstores in India Now Accepts Bitcoin Payments. Top 20 SSC Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh SSC Coaching Grotal. Household Goods Shifting in Bangalore Grotal.com. Relocation Services in Bangalore Grotal.com. Domestic Packers and Movers in Bangalore Grotal.com. Plots Available in Nagpur. Ways of becoming successful in the world of business. How do I reach out to a billion people. Local Packers and Movers in Bangalore Compare and Save. Swiggy tries to humanise its deliverymen through this funny spot. Fire Safety Training in Ranchi. Fire Safety Training Courses in Ranchi. WhatsApp Launches TV Campaign In India To Fight Fake News. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. TheMediaCat is an online advertising platform that allows the user to Publish their Business Products and Services. Airline Reservation System api services Flight booking API Integration India. Top 20 Fire and Safety Colleges in RanchiFire and Safety Courses. Tax Audit Under Income tax MNC Filings: [removed]. Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi. ACE DI 6565 4WD Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. India will be our largest RampD base in next 3 years OnePlus CEO Pete Lau. HDFC Banks new mobile app malfunction unfixed for over 6 days Users. Learn how to Save Tax and Grow your Money. ISO certification training in Lucknow ICLCERT India. ISO certification training in Lucknow Staunchly Services India. jeff bezos before Amazon as guitarist for punk band AmaGun. Important FAQs related to GST refund. 2.0 box office collection Day 3 Rajinikanths film zooms past Rs 200 crore. Best SIP Mutual Funds to invest in India in 2019: [removed]. T Series Pewdiepie My Take. Why IndiGo is the Reliance Jio of aviation. Study MBBS in China 2019/20 Fees/Cost Admission for Indian Students Imperial Overseas. Simple Summary of GST Compensation to States Act 2017. Time to Book Flats in South Kolkata Near Tollygunge Metro. ATM charges on HDFC salary account: Using HDFC salary account for the past 4 years. Never before I found any ATM charges in my account but since Sep they been charging INR 23 tax on ATM usage over the 5 transaction limit. I complained last month and they reversed the charges but not the GST amount. Again I am seeing these charges in the account. Checked with colleagues using HDFC salary account and they did not get such charges. Anyone else got this problem . Mobile App Development Company in Jalandhar. Best Package for Dubai Dubai Holiday Packages Dubai Tour Packages. France Holiday Packages France Themed Holiday Packages France Tour Packages France Tour Packages from India. Thailand Holiday Packages Thailand Honeymoon Package Thailand Tour Package. Buy Photo frame for Rs.199 /. Make your memories everlasting.. We are from company coming up with market place for job Consultant looking for freelance hr consultant. if interested send us your latest Number Regd Rohini 9811120397. Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Hong Kong Honeymoon Packages Hong Kong Packages Hong Kong Tour Packages. Maldives Tourism Packages Maldives Honeymoon Packages Maldives Holiday Tour Packages. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shifting to a new location You cant miss this: [removed]. The Most soughtafter builders in Trivandrum. Tafe 241 DI Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. India has the Most LinkedIn Users after US in 2018. Rooms on Rent in Mohali Affordable prices. Exclusive Fashion garments in India on wholesale: [removed]. Best Restaurant KOT and Billing Software.. Disposable Crockery Paper Crockery Anu Laghu Udyog: Hi Friends We are introducing our self as Anu Laghu Udyog a manufacturer and distributor of [disposable paper crockeries]https//www.anulaghuudyog.com/allproducts.html like [coffee mug]https//www.anulaghuudyog.com/disposablepapercups.html and cups [disposable food plates]https//www.anulaghuudyog.com/6inchplate.html disposable glass etc. We have a wide and well utilitarian infrastructural unit based in Jalandhar Punjab in India and making a momentous gathering of dispensable items according to the worldwide set benchmarks. . Testing Classes in Mohali. Automation Testing Training in Mohali. Indias biggest top jobs opportunities with FPSC Fleet Professional Smart Card just go to link and apply.. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Udaipur Grotal. Indigo vs Jet vs Spice Jet: [removed]. Samsung To Hire Over 1000 Graduates From Top Engineering Colleges In India. Top 20 Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists in Udaipur Grotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Udaipur with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Udaipur Vashikaran Specialists. Why Hire a Home Tutor Star Tutorial in Jalandhar. Book Obituary Ads in Dinamalar Newspaper Online with Bookadsnow. Bali honeymoon Package Bali Holiday Tour Package Bali trip. http//www.codegenie.in/services.html. Platen Die Cutting Punching Machine Manufacturers India Amritsar. Is buying a builder floor a good option in Bengaluru: [removed]. Escorts Powertrac 439 DS Diesel Saver Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. Rise of online shopping makes warehouses hot property in India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. How the amendment Bill and GST will affect the MSME Development. The Definitive Guide to Bitcoin in 2019. Common Errors Committed by Taxpayer on the EWay Bill Portal. Top 5 Divorce Lawyers in Chandigarh Best Lawyers Grotal. Professional Translation Services Language Translation Website Translation Services In India. Singapore Tour Packages Singapore Holiday Packages Arha Holidays. Explore the world of trends. Website Development Company in Jalandhar. Highest French Civilian Honour Chevalier de la Legion dHonneur Bestowed On Wipro Chairman Azim Premji. Mobile App Development Company in Jalandhar. Kerala Tour and Holiday Packages Arha Holidays. Hi My startup launched a US60 riddle. chardham yatra 2019: [removed]. Buy Ayurvedic Medicine for Gas From Dr. Vaidyas. Beautiful Baluchari Silk Saree in a serene shade of creame: [removed]. Find out what is an EWay bill and how will it works.. Former Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian Breaks His Silence On Demonetisation. Classified Ads in the Newspaper at Lowest Cost. Relocation Services in Noida Grotal.com. Transportation Services in Noida Grotal.com. Hanuman Chalisa: [Mangaldeep Puja Bhajan Mantra]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidmangaldeep.itc.com.sarveshaamamphlen your daily devotional companion.Experience our extensive collection of Pujas Bhajans Mantras amp other innovative features like the Temple Locator amp Chant counter. . Bank PO Courses in Mohali. Top 20 Office Relocation Services in Chandigarh Packers and Movers. Avinash Kaul COO Network18 to head sales. Top 10 Packers and Movers in Noida Relocation Services. Searching A Herbal Solution To Treat Common Cough And Cold Try Ayurvedic Tea Tablets Now: [removed]. Samsung Service Center Vyasarpadi Chennai Call 1800 212 6788. Tarannum Alam Joins MX Player as head Agency Business. Bank Po Exams Coaching in Mohali. 20 Top Bank PO Coaching in Mohali Bank Clerk Training. New Holland 3630TXTurbo Super Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. One of the best business books Indian of 2018 Why I stopped wearing my Socks by Alok Kejriwal: For the uninitiated Alok Kejriwal was one of the early flagbearers of Indian Internet revolution [contests2win.com]https//contests2win.com \ if you can recall. His debut book is a mustread for all wouldbe entrepreneurs. [Why I stopped wearing my Socks]https//bookjelly.com/whyistoppedwearingmysocks/ works because a It has a brilliant storyteller at the helm. Alok writes in a clear and straightforward style sparing readers unnecessary complexities. Except for the chapter where he explains the nittygritty of a machine in his fathers factory he keeps it simple. b It takes you back to the preinternet days. There is a charm in knowing how things used to work before the internet. how hard it was to start up something back then. c There is no high falutin gyaan nor does the author pretend that he is Mr big dog. He had his share of struggles struggles that beset the path of every newbie entrepreneur. And he candidly shares the stories of these struggles with the reader.. Millenials are bombarded with cashbacks discounts offers Sangram Singh CEO FreeCharge. Vitiligo skin discoloration causes symptoms and unique treatment. Why Hindustan Unilever wants a taste of Horlicks. North Indian startup aims to help beleaguered farmers. Huawei to open 100 experience zones in India by 2019. Research by IIM Calcutta students. Book Flats in Topsia near Science City EM Bypass Kolkata. FLORA FOUNTAIN Flats for Sale in Topsia Kolkata. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Why Become a Home Tutor. Attention SBI customers You need to do this before Nov 30 to continue using internet banking. Online marketplace OLX plans to open 150 offline stores for buying and selling of used cars across India. Grow your business products amp services by Booking the classified ads in the newspaper at an affordable price. Top 20 Apple Repair Center in Noida in Noida Apple Service Center Grotal. Some Indian restaurants have lost their appetite for Zomato and Swiggy. Amazon beats Flipkart to become Indias largest ecommerce company by gross sales. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Top 20 Apple iPhone Repair in Noida Apple service center Grotal.com. Top 20 Apple iPhone Repair Center in Noida with contact details Grotal. Haier Repair Center in Noida. List Of Apple iphone and laptop service centers in Noida. E Rickshaw Manufacturer. 10 Best Apple IPhone Service Center in Noida Providing Ondemand Service. Trust Herbal Products Manufacturer For Effective Skin Care Supplements And Get Rid Of Acne Naturally: [removed]. Top 20 Haier Service Center in Noida. Best SEO Services In Hyderabad. Best and TopMost Packers and Movers in Hyderabad DHL Relocation. Massey Ferguson MF 9500 4WD Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. Amazon to buy 9.5 stake in Biyanis Future Retail deal likely in 10 days. Jeff Bezos may buy Kishore Biyani out in new business deal.. wanna make easy money refering ppl by a copy and paste link : wanna make care free money online no marketing no boring video wacthing no endless surveys that pay 20 cents per pop work at ur own lesuire is this is u then pls contact me now must have a paypal account payza or payoneer pls inbox me for more info. List of Documents required for GST refunds. Spotify Secures Rights to Booming Indian Music Market. New PAN card rules to come into effect from Dec 5 Here is all you need to know. Uralmash maintains close ties with India. Latest Plain Tussar Silk Saree with Price Rs 600 Tirumala Tech Sarees. Twin Tower Housing Complex to Book 4 BHK Flats in Kolkata. Spotify Is Said to Secure Rights to Booming Indian Music Market. Urjit Patel Briefs Parliamentary Panel On Note Ban NPA Mess. Top 20 Microwave Repair Services in Faridabad Service CenterGrotal. Manufacturer of Swimming Pools in Jalandhar. Classified Ads in Newspaper. Want to get a credit card Heres all you need to know about billing other FAQs. Home Appliances Repair in Faridabad Grotal.com. Kitchen Appliances Service Centers in Faridabad Grotal.com. Philips Home Appliances Service Center in Faridabad Grotal.com. Service Centers in Faridabad Grotal.com. India Records Highest Average Real Wage Growth in South Asia During 200817 Report. Top 5 Refrigerator Repair Services in Faridabad Grotal.com. Top 20 Microwave Service Centers in Faridabad with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Microwave Oven Repairing Service in Faridabad with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Authorised Microwave Repair Centers in Faridabad with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Microwave Oven Repair centers in Faridabad with contact detailsGrotal. Does anyone use connect2india.com How was your experience so far: [removed]. Top 20 Microwave Oven Repair in Faridabad Service CenterGrotal. Top 20 Microwave Repair Services in Faridabad Service CenterGrotal. India plans to discuss duty cuts with China. Washing Machine Repair Centers in Faridabad. Times of India Lucknow Advertisement Booking Online at Best Rates. EPF Dormant account gone: If there is no credit in EPF for like 3 years that account used to be marked as Dormant/InActive and cease to earn any whatso ever interest. But that has changed recently. Look at link below. [https//www.basunivesh.com/2017/11/17/taxonepfafterresignretireorterminated/]https//www.basunivesh.com/2017/11/17/taxonepfafterresignretireorterminated/ \[1\] This Seems true here is an official answer in loksabha by minister [https//epfindia.gov.in/site\docs/PDFs/PQ\PDFs/PQ\WinterSession2017\LS\English.pdf]https//epfindia.gov.in/sitedocs/PDFs/PQPDFs/PQWinterSession2017LSEnglish.pdf last para of page 1 and 1st para of page 2 So just cross checking with this community if they have same understanding. Is concept of inactive account is gone for good till youre 58 \[1\] But be careful there will be the tax on interest earned on idle/inoperative account from the day you quit the job till you decide to withdraw EPF amount. Also if one do not need money after quitting job EPF will be best Debt fund with zero RISK. Agree. New Holland Agriculture partners with IARI to combat stubble burning. Washing Machine Repair Services in Faridabad. Top 20 Washing Machine Repair centers in Faridabad. Approaches to Make an Impressive and Competitive Website. Herbal Coffee Health Tonic in Ayurveda Herbal Products Manufacturer: [removed]. Transactional bulk SMS is the ideal spell made for communication: [removed]. Escorts powertrac 445 DS 4 WD Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. AS Entertainment. These were my Google search results even after using Ad Blocker. Only links to eCommerce sites and no other relevant information for the headphones I was looking for. The search results are manipulated by Google to show links to Amazon/Flipkart and other eCommerce websites so that we consume more.. These were my Google search results even after using Ad Blocker.: Only links to eCommerce sites and no other relevant information for the headphones I was looking for. ampx200B The search results are manipulated by Google to show links to Amazon/Flipkart and other eCommerce websites so that we consume more and more. ampx200B \Slow claps for Google\ ampx200B ampx200B. India ccoupons discountcode: [removed]. choose option94.com and get 100 deposit bonus: [removed]. CHOOSE OPTION94: [removed]. How IoT is keeping the story alive for IT services companies in India. India Skills Report 2019 employability increases from 37 to 47.38 in 5 years. Top 20 Taxi on Hire in Ambala City with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Taxi on Rent in Ambala City with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Taxi Providers in Ambala Online Booking in Ambala City Grotal. 24 Hours Taxi Services in Ambala City Car Rental in Ambala City Grotal. Top 20 Taxi Services in Ambala Car Rental in Ambala City Grotal. IndiGo and SpiceJet make web checkin paid service flyers tweet protest. John Deere 5105 Price Specification Mileage Review amp Photos Khetigaadi. Indoor and Outdoor Water Fountains Suppliers in Jalandhar. russian visa for indians: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Switzerland Celebrating Worlds First Crypto ETP Russia Welcomes Huobi: India is finally set to launch the draft proposal of is [cryptocurrency regulations]https//coinedtimes.com/cryptoworldbrightfutureforblockchainenterpreneursandnewregulationsforcryptocurrencymining/. [https//coinedtimes.com/switzerlandcelebratingworldsfirstcryptoetprussiawelcomeshuobi/]https//coinedtimes.com/switzerlandcelebratingworldsfirstcryptoetprussiawelcomeshuobi/. Manufacturer of Swimming Pools in Jalandhar. Spoken English Classes in Mohali Grotal.com. [SERIOUS] I invented a device and launched a startup. Please take a look and support if you can.: 21 male hare. ampx200B financial condition averagethink twice before buying a 20 rs item. ampx200B Finished btech civil engg in july. From august to september built a startup from ground zero. Im the only person in my venture LITERALLY. Heres a glimpse of what i did. ampx200B Invented ampx200B Registered ampx200B patented ampx200B researched ampx200B designing ampx200B financial stuff ampx200B Manufactured ampx200B etc. ampx200B Here is my product. Kindly read full details at amazon page ampx200B [https//www.amazon.in/dp/B07KN95BJ5]https//www.amazon.in/dp/B07KN95BJ5 ampx200B Youtube ampx200B [https//youtu.be/B26xJxVm3z8]https//youtu.be/B26xJxVm3z8 ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B how you guys can support me ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B Ofcourse Buy it. If you are purchasing it be sure to contact me. If you participate in our development program youll receive exciting offers discounts membership etc. ampx200B If you purchase it please leave a nice review. It wont cost you anything but these things can do day and night difference in our business.We give LIFETIME CUSTOMER SUPPORT. Any issues you contact us. Well try our best to solve it. ampx200B Youtube standard procedure. like share subscribe comment ampx200B Upboats can make me more visible on reddit. ampx200B Whatsapp Facebook and twitter share. ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B There are some things which are unavoidable in a new product . Those will improve with time. Please dont condemn us or leave negative reviews based on those. Some things simply need time and get better with age. ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B I just want to contribute and do something good in our world. Ive done my best and given all i could in this and now look upon fellow Indians and people to support me . ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B AMA if you want to know anything. Not being rude but im very busy. working on website right now. Will try my best to answer everyone. ampx200B. I invented a device and launched a startup. Please take a look and support me if you can.: [removed]. 10 Best Institutes for English Speaking Classes in Mohali. Car Transportation in Hyderabad: [removed]. created and launched a startup in 3 months. AMA: [removed]. Car Transportation in Bangalore: [removed]. India Air Conditioner Market 201820246wresearch. Created a startup alone in 3 months. Take a look and support me if you can.: [removed]. Top 5 Digital Marketing Training Institutes in Hyderabad Tech Trainees. Car Transportation in Pune: [removed]. Car Transportation in Gurgaon: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. DGCA reviewing IndiGo paid web checkin move on priority decision likely today itself Times of India. Car Transportation in Delhi: [removed]. I invented a safety device. Please share your views and support us if you can: POSTING THIS FOR MY COUSIN. HELL HANDLE THIS ACCOUNT FOR THIS POST. 21 male hare. financial condition averagethink twice before buying a 20 rs item. Finished btech civil engg in july. From august to september i built a startup from ground zero. Im the only person in my venture LITERALLY. Heres a glimpse of what i did. 1. Invented 2. registered 3. patented 4. researched 5. designing 6. financial stuff 7. Manufactured 8. online stuff 9. marketing Here is my product [https//www.amazon.in/VCATV1VehicleSeatbeltDiamond/dp/B07KN95BJ5/refsr\1\1ieUTF8ampqid1543214275ampsr81ampkeywordsvcattools]https//www.amazon.in/VCATV1VehicleSeatbeltDiamond/dp/B07KN95BJ5/refsr11ieUTF8ampqid1543214275ampsr81ampkeywordsvcattools Introducing VCATTM V1. Worlds first integrated Vehicle Escape System which is permanently installed in your vehicle . No more key chains hammers and other gizmos. VCATTM V1 is permanently installed on your seatbelt and and always stays within reach. It doesnt matter what the conditions are a single pull will release you from the seatbelt. The integrated snapassist diamond glass breaker requires a gentle tug to shatter the tempered glass windows. FRICLOCKTM technology helps to keep the device locked and secured in position to avoid involuntary use. VCATTM V1 is made from high quality materials and precision cut components to ensure best performance and long life. Features 1. DIAMOND Glass Breaker 2. Always Connected 3. Laser Cut Superior Materials 4. Aesthetic and Ergonomic 5. LIFETIME CUSTOMER SUPPORT 6. Affordable 7. FricLock Technology 8. Always Hidden Blade 9. Tamper amp Child Resistant 10. Simple and Effortless Action BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS PRODUCTS AND FAKE SELLERS. WE DO NOT HAVE ANY BRANCHES OR RESELLERS. ONLY BUY FROM VCAT Tools SELLER Youtube [https//youtu.be/B26xJxVm3z8]https//youtu.be/B26xJxVm3z8 how you guys can support me 1. Ofcourse Buy it. If you are purchasing it be sure to contact me. If you participate in our development program youll receive exciting offers discounts membership etc. 2. If you purchase it please leave a nice review. It wont cost you anything but these things can do day and night difference in our business.We give LIFETIME CUSTOMER SUPPORT. Any issues you contact us. Well try our best to solve it. 3. Youtube standard procedure. like share subscribe comment 4. Upboats can make me more visible on reddit. 5. Whatsapp Facebook and twitter share. 6. There are some things which are unavoidable in a new product . Those will improve with time. Please dont condemn us or leave negative reviews based on those. Some things simply need time and get better with age. I just want to contribute and do something good in our world. Ive done my best and given all i could in this and now look upon fellow Indians and people to support me . AMA if you want to know anything. Not being rude but im very busy. working on website right now. Will try my best to answer everyone.. FASTag Toll Plaza Pay Toll Online. Step by step instructions to Get Clients Online as a Personal Trainer. Safe Deposit Locker Karur Vysya Bank. Convergence of BlockchainStartups and Investors About to Happen in New Delhi at WIRESUMMIT 2018. Convergence of BlockchainStartups and Investors About to Happen in New Delhi at WIRESUMMIT 2018. I invented a safety device. Built a startup in 3 months. Take a look and please support us if you can.: [removed]. Online Redhat Training Chennai And RHCE Online Training Chennai Bangalore. SAP ONLINE TRAINING IN CHANDIGARH. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore Black Magic Specialist. Reliable SMPP Application at Unprecedented Prices Article Submission. Airlines are screwing us big time. Latest Loving Peacock Designs Tussar Saree With Price Rs 650 Online .... We are an exporter from India we supply APPAREL HIME FURNISHING SOCKS PAPER PLATES AND SOURCE ANY REQUIREMENT OF BUYERS FROM INDIA.: [removed]. Latest Double Peacock Designs Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 650 .... Fooling indians. Latest Mango Peacock Designs Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 650 N.... Latest Design SareesChinon RangoliPaparGeorgetteSilk Saree With Pri.... GST EWay Bill New Changes amp Clarifications applicable from 16 November 2018. Box Office Badhaai Ho is now officially the highest grossing small film of all times. Delayed loan EMI Cough up 18 GST on penal interest. Indian IT sector was forecast to die. 4 ways IT companies changed in 2018 to deal with this. Government may allow drone deliveries taxis next year. Why are Indian companies slow and unprofessional: \[Warning\] This is going to be a long rant. Im Indian software developer working for almost 8 years now. I recently started working on a project in which ive got a chance to work with companies from US UK Germany India. Here is an interesting observation Avg. closure time with foreign companies 23 weeks Avg. closure time with Indian companies Minimum 34 months Ive noted that the average closure time with foreign companies has been less than 23 weeks and in some cases ive gotten from intro to trials within a week. But Indian companies on the other hand take atleast 23 weeks only to get to the intro level then theyll make you run after them for several months. My first Indian client a big tech firm took 6 months to finalise a decision. 2nd client took 3 months to say no 3rd client a startup which is supposed to take decisions fast took 4 months to say no. 4th client big tech firm currently 3 month in and will finalise decision after January. Its not true that foreign companies and startups dont take time but they take decisions and communicate a lot faster. They wont beat around the bush theyll ask the right questions and come to a conclusion much faster. In terms of professionalism the bar is even lower in India. Ive worked with various Indian startups including both Ola amp Uber. The difference between the two companies is so clear. btw im not AntiIndian brands infact i prefer Ola cabs over Uber Ive had senior execs from Ola call me and talk to me in a language which i could never expect from any company. On one incident their product lead called me and said Bhai tera API phat gaya hai Tumhe software banaana aata hai ya nahi Theyve delayed payments of my previous company for so many months and when we reach out to ask for payment they say Nahi denge to kya kar loge They basically dont abuse you verbally but make sure to make you feel like shit. I hope these things improve and we get Indian startups and companies with more professionalism and a focus to move things faster.. OnePlus 6T offer Rs 1500 cashback for Citibank cards users check details. When JRD Tata used to clean Air Indias toilet and wiped dust off an airline counter. Heres how to spot fake Rs 50 note. Investors turn to P2P lending as other asset classes lose sheen. Top 20 Apple IPhone Repair in Bangalore with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu experts in Bangalore Vashikaran SpecialistGrotal. Current market pricing unsustainable Vodafone Idea CEO. Top 20 Apple iPhone Repair Center in Bangalore with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Apple iPhone Service Center in Bangalore with contact detailsGrotal. Top 20 Apple Repair Center in Bangalore iPhone serviceGrotal. Top 20 Apple Service Center in Bangalore iPhone serviceGrotal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Latest Double Peacock Tussar Silk Saree With Price Rs 700 New Arr.... Top 10 IELTS Coaching centers in Mohali. 5 Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in Chandigarh. Latest Pure Tussar Silk Sarees With Price 875 New Designs Tirumala.... KOT SOftware at a very affordable price. To know more visit https//www.slickaccount.com/gstsoftware/. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Top 20 Love Vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad Vashikaran SpecialistsGrotal. Latest Tussar Silk Saree With Price 875 New Arrivals Tirumala Tech S.... Top 20 Black Magic Experts in Hyderabad Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad Kala Jadu ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad Vashikaran Experts. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Hyderabad Online Services Grotal. Herbalhills leading manufacturer supplier and distributor of skin care products. Our products like face cream soap capsules tonics face pack etc. that contain pure herbs like Aloe vera Chandan Neem Saffron Amla Turmeric Shalmali Anantmool etc. to lend your skin a healthy tone texture. Banks continue misselling financial products Heres what you must know to protect yourself.. Worst crypto week since bubble burst takes loss to 700 billion. In France Corruption Complaint over Rafale Deal Lodged With National Financial Prosecutors Office. Eway Bill Portal redefining road transport in India. Top 10 Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists Grotal.com. All your prepaid recharges for mobiles datacards DTH metro cards etc are now just a click away with business india design software android website website webdesign service financial best services CodeGenie recharge API. http//bit.ly/2N7NboT. Indian Police File Charges Against Masterminds of 60 Million Bitcoin Scam.. Types of Products Offered by the TopQuality Jute Goods Manufacturers. GST amp INCOME TAX. Its Black Friday and what a godamn offers on Shein India. The significance of a web composition and how it helps in making business gainful. Approx 50 of crowd suffer from various joint pains. The joint pain symptoms may include Joint Swelling Loss of Movement Joint Redness Joint Warmth Stiffness Joint Weakness Limping and more. Check out our latest blog on joint pain symptoms and its natural treatment.. The joint pain symptoms may include Joint Swelling Loss of Movement Joint Redness Joint Warmth Stiffness Joint Weakness Limping and more. Visit https//www.herbalhills.in/blogs/tryayurvedicmedicineforjointpaintoreducevariousailmentsrelatedtojointhealth/. Best Mutual Funds in India from Large CapMidcap Segment for 2019: [removed]. USA has asked its allies to not take any equipment from Huawei Reports. CAmping: [removed]. Mount Everest: [removed]. Fishing boats to small stores Amazon will stop at nothing to win in India. ISO Auditor Certification and Training Program Staunchly Services. ISO Certification Services in India ICLCERT. How Works Contract defined in the Goods and Services Tax. We are interested in having a warehouse in India LME CEO. Tirumala Tech Sarees. Flats for Sale in South amp North Kolkata by Alcove Realty. Hot Cotton Linen Clothing for Women. Mens Linen Clothing Bizzield. IELTS Training in Jalandhar Grotal.com. IELTS Institutes in Jalandhar Grotal.com. Top 13 Suggestions for Entrepreneurship Development in India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. English Speaking Classes in Jalandhar Grotal.com. Best Spoken English Classes in Jalandhar Contact Detail Here. Top 5 IELTS Coaching in Jalandhar Guaranteed 8 Band. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Step by step instructions to Use Google Analytics 8 Tips to Getting the Most Out of the Tool. Mukesh Ambanis Reliance Jio to replace Bharti Airtel as service provider for Railways from January 1 Business News. Limited Liability Partnership LLP. Top 20 IAS Exams Coaching in Shillong Online Classes Grotal. Top 20 IAS Coaching Centers in Shillong Online Classes Grotal. Professional Web Development Services provided by CodeGenie. Safety Management Courses in Patna. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institute/Centers in Shillong UPSC ExamGrotal. Indian Bhajans: Mangaldeep Puja [Bhajan]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidmangaldeep.itc.com.sarveshaamamphlen Mantra your daily devotional companion.Experience our extensive collection of Pujas Bhajans Mantras amp other innovative features like the Temple Locator amp Chant counter. . Rupee Status The Floundering Rupee Rises 35 Paise To Rs 71.11 Against US Dollar. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes/Centers in Shillong UPSC ExamGrotal. Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Patna. Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses in Patna. Indias Reserve Bank Schedules Two More Panels On Crypto. Top 20 Fire and Safety Courses in PatnaSafety Training in Patna. ieltswithoutexamyahoo.comIELTSELTeCS TOEFL TOEIC CaMLA EFSET ECCE ECPE india. Study in Canada All Fee After Visa Package Truth Must Listen Before Applying Student Visa. Study in Germany Visa without Learning German Language from India Germany Student Visa. Dear 1st Gen Investors Dont Wait to be SACKed by Digital DACOITs. Halloween Party Decoration Organised in Pune By JOL Events. Super spider man theme decoration on Adwaits birthday party. Grand Entrance decoration with balloon arches by JOL Events. Half of Indias ATMs may shut down by March 2019 warns industry body Times of India. 2/3 BHK Flats in Dum Dum Metro Kolkata North. Hot cotton linen clothing for women. Best Medical Universities 2018 List of Top Private amp Government Medical universities in India. 50 ATMs in India may shut down by March warns CATMi. Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Grotal.com. List of Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai with Phone Number. Can Reserve Bank of India Declare Cryptocurrency Illegal. Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Grotal.com. Mohini Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Grotal.com. Top 20 kala Jadu Experts in Mumbai Black Magic Specialists Grotal. Indoor and Outdoor Water Fountains Suppliers in Jalandhar. Top 10 Love vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai Grotal.com. PF Registration. Thailand Switchgear Market 201820246wresearch. SWIFT India MonetaGo partner to build DLT network for Indian banks. Xiaomi prepares rural push to boost offline market share. Hip Replacement Implants Manufacturer In Ahmedabad: [removed]. Automatic Billing Solution Provider In Banglore: [removed]. Bulk Sms Providers in Yamuna Nagar. Website Development in Yamuna Nagar. Top 20 Bulk SMS Service in Yamunanagar Low Cost Bulk SMS. Need LPG Subsidy Get an Aadhaar Card First Heres Why. ISO Certification in India ICLCERT. Union Ministry seeks Action Taken Report on CAG findings from JampK.... You will like it. The soulded store: Here in India there is an store which sells Dc and marvel tshirts. Are they are licenced stores.and Netflix shows stuff If they not got licenced How they are selling without getting sued. Top 10 Mobile Manufacturing Companies In India 2018. India will determine the status of cryptocurrencies before the end of the year. Important FAQs related to the cancellation of GST registration gstprocedure gstcancellation. Property to Book Flats near EM Bypass Kolkata. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. India to Release National Cryptocurrency Regulation Framework. Property Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Family Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Civil Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Why are Indian managers so damn good. Divorce Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Criminal Defense Lawyers in Delhi Grotal.com. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Interesting how this app tells chances of succes when you follow experts in Forex trading.. Interesting how this app tells chances of succes when you follow experts in Forex trading.. Top 5 Criminal Lawyers in Delhi Best Legal Advisors. Boost Your Business in the Market or Specific Target Area At Low Cost With The Media Cat. [FREE] [Resource] To All the Students Free Test Series for Students No Limit for One Month: [removed]. Eway bill mandatory from April 1 Karnataka only state to notify inter intrastate movement. Now Still Paytm Provide of Finance Loan for India People. Ethereum ETH Price 139.41 USD Live Price Charts Today Price DigitalCoinPrice. RBI Vs Government Meet Agrees To Ease Liquidity For Financial Sector Increase Credit For Small Business. Top 20 Love Problem Solutions in Hyderabad Vashikaran ExpertsGrotal. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad Kaala Jaadu Experts. So you made yourself a little bit of money huh How nice.:  So you made yourself a little bit of money huh How nice. ampnbsp All your life all youve ever wanted is a little bit of money. And congratulations now you have it. Does it feel nice Does it feel like a dream come true Of course it doesnt. Its all just numbers on a screen staring at you like a pathetic joke. But thanks to your thankless job you made yourself a little bit of money. How nice. And now you in all your halfdecayed intelligence have decided that you want to invest the little bit of money that youve made Well step right up to the raging wildfire that is the field of investing. Weve got a shitshow full of stocks mutual funds bonds real estate gold and other commodities all clamouring for your attention and even more for your money. Done properly you can retire into an ungodly amount of wealth. And done poorly you can join the majority of investors setting their cash on fire day in and day out. But dont feel daunted or scared. Youre on the right path and thats probably the only time youre going to hear those words in your life. Just the fact that youre thinking about investing your money puts you at a major advantage just the fact that youve even made a little bit money is extremely rare. Look around you what do you see People that are so poor that theyre crawling out of their tents on the roadside people that are such douchebags that theyre buying worthless bling like fur sweaters and gold chains people that are so childish that they absolutely have to buy the latest iPhone with their credit cards and people that are so dumb that they just cant be bothered to learn about investing. Just the fact that youre here now thinking about investing makes you part of an exclusive club. Before you get ahead of yourself and feel one cent of happiness for being better off than most let me tell you something theres an army of twats waiting to screw you out of the little bit of money that youve made an army of twats who wants to take away the only thing that matters to your miserable existence anymore. These are crooked relationship managers wholl sell you anything to get commissions. These are unsuspecting relatives wholl recommend terrible investments just because they dont know any better. These are seedy stock brokers wholl push schemes offering incredibly high returns that are too good to be true. These are corrupt financial advisors wholl destroy your returns either because theyre incompetent or unscrupulous or both. Youve got an entire armada of twats just waiting to snatch the money right out of your wallet. Whatre you going to do about that Are you going to put your head down and hand over the cash Are you going to run to your mommy like the little bitch that you are No youre going to pull out a knife and stab that little twat right in the heart. And heres how to do that beginning with a set of basic guidelines. ampnbsp Savings are sexy Lets be honest you were never made of the stuff that gave wet dreams to women. Well heres your chance. You know what all the girls like these days Its not that ripped chest or that sleak jawline. Its a man who saves. Step aside AXE body spray theres a new sheriff in town. If youre spending more than youre earning youve got bigger problems to worry. Before anything else you need to make sure that youre bringing in more money than youre spending. So reign in your spending delay gratification. That burger is going to taste pretty much the same without the overpriced slice of cheese. And the movie will probably be on Netflix in a few months. ampnbsp Debt is your kryptonite So you borrowed a little bit of money and are now stuck with the interest payments. Thats okay who hasnt done dumb stuff when they were young and full of hormones. I know I have. This one time I cleaned up an entire jar of mayonnaise thinking it was yogurt. Set some money aside every month not just to pay the monthly minimum on your loans but a little more so you can prepay all your debts. Some loans take priority over others pay off your credit cards personal loans and similar highinterest debt first. Keep in mind that not all loans are straight poison those that help you develop assets like a home loan or increase future income like an education loan or business loan are alright. However investing while carrying a high amount of debt is like playing football with one leg tied behind your back. Not exactly ideal. ampnbsp Read like your life depends on it Stop reading WhatsApp forwards pick up a book and then pick another one. If you dont develop a habit of reading properly youre going to get a lot of poop flinged at you in this business. But if you can make it through a book every once in a while get read to fling some poop on the n00bs. You dont have to go straight for the finance section. Begin with any book that sounds interesting to you and work your way up. Reading not only helps you understand the world around you but also develops a better personality and temperament within you. Most of you have the patience and memory of a goldfish and generally speaking goldfishes are not good investors. ampnbsp Gold is old Gold was what housewives in the 70s stockpiled in their cupboard because they had no other option. But you you are the child of the 20th century. You actually know how to turn on the wifi. You have better options like mutual funds. No matter what your uncle from the third cousin over says investing in gold is setting your cash on fire. All it will do is make you feel good from the inside while the eternal fireplace fuelled by your cash keeps burning in the background. Gold and silver are metals that we dig out of the ground. As an investment they just sit there and stare at you. Just because they shine doesnt mean theyre good investments. However not everyone is convinced of this basic guideline. So if youre hell bent on investing in gold I recommend going into the mountains and throwing yourself off a tall cliff. A mediumsized one works too. ampnbsp Insurance / Investing While housewives in the 70s had gold housewives in the 80s had LIC. Getting life insurance is critical if you have family that depends on your income but insurance and investing like pizza and pineapple never mix well. Have you ever wondered what the insurance company does after collecting your premium money Well the company invests your premium money in stocks and bonds which is also what mutual funds do. So let the insurance people insure and let the investing people invest. Separation of labour was something that the caveman figured out in 2nd century. Its time you evolved from being a caveman. ampnbsp Real estate is not real investing The only reason for you to buy property is if youre going to be living in it. Buying real estate purely as an investment is one of the worst decisions you could ever make. Real estate is an illiquid market need to wait to find a buyer or seller has high transaction costs stamp duty and other bullshit charges has a lot of red tape needs several government approvals and faces high maintenance costs occasional cost of paint and plumbing here and there. However every other Tom Dick and Harry will tell you that real estate is a great investment. Why Because real estate is how Indians signal wealth to others. It is how Indians demand respect from the chaar log committee. Its how we tell people that weve got a big dick and were not afraid to swing it around. You dont have a big dick. Tuck that little stinker back in your pants. Youre just embarrassing yourself. ampnbsp Pick your poison properly Identifying the bad investments is a greater skill than identifying the good investments. Now that gold and real estate have been vilified as bad investments lets turn to the places that actually deserve your money mutual funds. For the uninitiated which includes most of you idiots a mutual fund collects your money and invests it in the stock market on your behalf. A diversified basket of stocks in good quality companies will outperform most other investments over any time period longer than 10 years. Mutual funds can give you this diversified basket of stocks. If you havent been living under a rock for the past few years youve probably see the advertising campaign Mutual Funds Sahi Hai. And if you have been living under a rock stay there. Were doing great without you. ampnbsp Get yourself into a coma The best investors the ones who win the game in the longterm always have patience. When youre investing in stocks or mutual funds you need to have a minimum time horizon of more than 5 years. Any less than that and out come the fireplaces that are fuelled by your cash. Mentally you need to be in a place where the stock market might run off a cliff screaming into the wind tomorrow morning and youll still continue investing as per your plan because youre thinking about the long term. This ensures that your emotions influenced by the ups and downs of the stock market dont get in your own way. Ideally you want to invest and immediately get yourself into a coma. Trust me no one will notice that youre gone. Youre one person in a world with seven billion people. Youre really insignificant in the larger scheme of the Illuminati. ampnbsp Dont watch CNBC All your life youve only made socially acceptable choices because you crave validation from the people around you. To your repitillian brain approval from strangers feels better than an orgasm. But when it comes to investing never seek validation of your choices especially not from the pundits on CNBC. Televised business news focuses on the shortest of short terms while you need to keep your eye on the longest of long terms. Yes it is important to keep tabs on current events but there are far better sources of information than the nightly news. I recommend reading Livemint and Reuters for news. Those two outfits did not pay me to endorse them but if the PR people over there are reading this give me a call. I accept cash cheques and PayTM. Fuck it Ill even take bitcoin. ampnbsp Keep It Simple Shithead Here is a basic plan on how to use your money when you get paid every month. First off take care of any loans by paying off the hungry bankers who will come demanding their pound of flesh. Pay off all credit cards in full and on time. Now estimate how much youre going need for your monthly bills this includes everything from your electric bill to your tab at the local bar. Deduct that amount and invest the rest of your money. When it comes to investing begin by putting in three months of your monthly expenses in a liquid mutual fund. This is your emergency cash stash. Next up depending on your time horizon and risk appetite select a combination of 38 mutual funds. There are a few different types of mutual funds heres a handy rule of thumb to navigate them High time horizon Low time horizon Low risk appetite Largecap equity funds Debt mutual funds High risk appetite Mid/small/multicap equity fundsDebt mutual funds When youre done set up SIPs so that you dont have to do the transfers manually each month. Every year take some time off to review this process. ampnbsp This basic plan will require tweaking depending on the context of your life. But having that plan is very important not just for your financial life but also for the rest of your life. In the back of your mind youve always known that. But you never followed through on making a plan and now your life is just a series of mistakes and regrets. Is that why you drink so much The lords of literature require that I write a conclusion to this piece. But this is not the end. This is the beginning of your investing journey. The basic guidelines mentioned here are intended to serve as the starting point for your own research. These guidelines are not rocket science they are not supposed to be complicated. A person of average intelligence and awareness can reasonably expect to understand and follow them. The question is are you a person of average intelligence and awareness Assuming that enough of you read this statistics require half of you to admit that youre dumb as a rock. Always keep an eye out for the armada of twats that will try to convince you that investing is rocket science simply so they can charge you high fees or lure you into unprofitable investments. Done poorly you can expect a midlife crisis magnified by a bonfire of your cash. Done properly you can create the kind of wealth that can benefit you as well as your future generations. Youve already disappointed your parents. Dont disappoint your children now. ampnbsp ampnbsp Side note If youre a housewife from the 70s or 80s who objects to your characterization in this article please write a formal letter of complaint and [shove it up your butt]http//www.reactiongifs.com/r/btt.gif. . Top 20 Kala Jadu specialists in Hyderabad Vashikaran Experts Grotal. So you made yourself a little bit of money huh How nice.: [removed]. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad Vashikaran Experts. Indias leading Travel Site Fixed Departures Domestic and International Packages:  Book your memorable and hasslefree domestic and international holidays from a wide range of vacation packages with [Mycozytrip]http//mycozytrip.com/. Call us at 91 9205692673. Book Now 100 Quality assured Experienced Travel Agents Welcoming Customer Support Secure Payment Gateway Goal Oriented Management Team. Tell us what you want Get Customized Packages Select the customized itineraries you like Easy payment options No Hidden Charges. Friendly Travel agents Keen Knowledge about every destination Provide Customized Itineraries Proper Guidance Expertise in handling Queries. we provide tour packages of Bangkok Hongkong Portblair Andaman Maldives Nepal Tours Holiday Packages Tour Packages International Tour Packages Europe Tours Thailand Tours Malaysia Tours Singapore Tours Dubai Tours Mauritius Tours Goa Tours Bali Tours Kerala Tours Himachal Tours Manali Tours Rajasthan Tours Kashmir Tour Packages North East Tours and France Tours.. Top 20 Tantrik Baba in Hyderabad Solution on Phone callsGrotal. ScoopDog Auto Poop Collecting Device For all Breed Dogs amp Puppies. SBI to block internet banking of customers if they dont do this by November 30. Opinion Can central banks go broke A question for RBI governor Patel. iso auditor certification. After an incredible boom ewallets are dwindling in India. Ramayan Express Train Details. Airlines may be ranked based on customer feedback says Suresh Prabhu. Troponin Troponin test Trop I Trop I test trop t test trop t: [removed]. Home Body Massage Services in Jaipur Grotal.com. Top 5 Body Massage Centers in Jaipur Massage Parlour. Exhibitors of Thugs of Hindostan in mental trauma demand REFUND against the Minimum Guarantee. Top 20 IELTS Coaching Classes in Dehradun IELTS Coaching Grotal. A local chain may have cracked the Indian consumer. Top 20 IELTS Training in Dehradun IELTS Coaching Grotal. Two Factor Authentication Service: [removed]. Top 20 IELTS Coaching Institutes in Dehradun IELTS TrainingGrotal. Top 10 IELTS Coaching Centers For IELTS in Dehradun Grotal. Top 20 IELTS Coaching centers in Dehradun IELTS TrainingGrotal. business design india travel development software mobile android website service webdesign apps best services company customers api top webdevelopment. webdesigning itstrategy. http//bit.ly/2zWkHEW. A tax ruling just opened the Pandoras box for Indias back offices. Mind Plus Open New Rehabilitation Centre in Doraha. Book Appointment Ads in Sanmarg with Bookadsnow. Packers and Movers in Bangalore. Car Transportation in Bangalore. Office Relocation Services in Bangalore. Subscribe to PEWDIEPIE on YouTube. Indias First Vintage And Classic Car Auction To Be Held Soon. The Game of Huge Losses starring FoodDelivery Apps. Optimise tax structure for Import of defective goods Know everything about the refund availability to importer / exporter on export of defective goods.. must read article gst gstlaw refund gstindia. Indias Digital Economy Opportunities amp Challenges: [removed]. Jawa Motorcycles launches three new bikes to rival Royal Enfield Check price availability specificiations. READ this if you want to become a MILLIONAIRE. Stemstech.net website designing company muscat: [removed]. Read this if you want to increase your INCOME: [removed]. projects cutcopypaste. Prescribed Sections and Rules for Cancellation of GST registration. Brochure Pamphlet / Full Color / Printing in Amritsar: [removed]. Star Home Tuitions starhometuitionspunjab Instagram photos and videos. EvolverTech evolvertech Instagram photos and videos. Paytms KYC rules Unethical lockin of funds: Hi I have a nontrivial amount of money in my Paytm Wallet which I had plans to pay off several other Paytm users. While transferring the funds into the wallet there was a warning that the money could only be transferred to other merchant accounts and wallets which was reasonable. However what they dont tell you is that you cant transfer out funds without submitting your KYC information which can only be done after a explicitly activating the request and b physically visiting the KYC centre with all documentation. Even worse their physical KYC centres are only in selected districts of 4 states. ampx200B The net impact of this fineprint is that my money is locked up Im from the far South of India and there arent any Paytm KYC centres here. Further Im not likely to spend time to do physical trips other Payment banks send their representative to the clients office or premises. ampx200B Another interesting fact is that none of this information is available on their website the website baldly states that KYC should be updated on the mobile...but why so. On the mobile it just says Something has gone wrong when you try to update the KYC. It takes many minutes of telephone time with at least 2 representatives before the above information is revealed. ampx200B To me this sounds likely an extremely dubious practice or outright an unethical effort to lock in peoples funds. I have no idea how to get my funds out now. ampx200B This is posted just FYI....YMMV. ampx200B. Which finance advice you regret following and the one which you regret not following and why : [removed]. Packers and Movers Kolkata Car Shipping Home Relocation. Packers and Movers in Kolkata Car Shipping Domestic Moving. Digitalize the business and reach up to millions of people: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. NGT asks Volkswagen to pay Rs 100 crore for cheating emission tests. RBI And Finance Ministry A Tale Of Two Horizons. Career Make Your Career as a Tutor or Teacher Enroll as a Home Tutor. Myntra Jabong merged over 150 job cuts announced. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Types of Documents allowed while transporting goods in GST. READ this if you want to become a MILLIONAIRE: [https//box2019office.blogspot.com/2018/11/howtobecomemillionairebyageof30.html]https//box2019office.blogspot.com/2018/11/howtobecomemillionairebyageof30.html. Industry Experts The Indian Government Plan to Ban Crypto is Flawed Crypto Shib. Twin Tower Housing Complex to Buy Flats in EM Bypass Kolkata. Electric Fireplaces Manufacturers in Jalandhar. CFP: [removed]. Pay Chennai Corporation Property Tax through KVB ATM and KVB Branches. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Online Money Transfer To Bank Account Karur Vysya Bank. Get Experienced Professionals for Corporate Legal Advisory in India. Total Cholesterol Lipid Profile Triglycerides HDL LDL: [removed]. Best Black Magic Specialist Baba Ji in Bangalore 8427572080. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Conference Interpretation Services in Pune Grotal.com. Starting aRegister Nidhi Company Online Nidhi CompanyRegistrationProcess the first step iscompanyformationinindiaampPvtltdcompanyregistration. Best Love Problem Solution Baba Ji in Dehradun 8427572080. Education Classifieds Ad Booking in Economic Times Newspaper. Best Love Vashikaran Mantra Baba Ji in Chandigarh 8427572080. Kala Jadu Specialists in Mumbai. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Ecommerce Website Design and Development Company in India. Kala Jadu Experts in Mumbai. ELI5 Health Insurance in India individual plan vs Floater Agent vs Online Banks SBI vs insurance companies Oriental Insurance vs Startups Star Health and finally recommendations: Hi Everyone Need to make some decisions and buy health insurance. Since I barely know anything would love to hear from you all. . I am an India bull Aditya Puri HDFC Bank. Corner Protectors amp Straps:  The Spearhead collection range of vintage antique Iron and rusted vintage iron solid metal [corner protectors and straps]https//www.thespearheadcollection.com/productcategory/cornerprotectors/ will not only protect your home accents but will also add character to your furniture and other home restoration projects and available at San Diego Dallas and San Francisco. Related FAQs and Procedure of getting loans for MSME. Advice regarding registering a pvt ltd company: Im currently working as a technical cofounder of a startup with two other friends of mine. ampx200B Prior to beginning the work on company we initially decided to split the stakes equally and it was informal. ampx200B Development work is mostly done apart from integrating our app with a payment gateway provider. Almost all payment gateway providers require the company to be officially registered to work with them. So we decided to incorporate the firm as a Pvt Ltd company few days ago. ampx200B After talking to his CA my business cofounder is telling me that incorporating a Pvt Ltd company is quite an arduous process and going to take a minimum of 23 months instead wants to incorporate the firm as a Sole Proprietorship to speed things up and he insists that it is going to be a temporary measure until we register the company as Pvt limited. I did some digging on the process of registering a Pvt ltd company on and something seemed off what he was saying and just to be on right side I wanted to get a outside opinion on registering the pvt ltd company and also going forward with his temporary fix. Would it cause problems to me in the future and legally speaking do I have any recourse if things go south . Vashikaran Specialist in Noida Grotal.com. Lost Love Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Grotal.com. How Walmart Decided to Oust an Icon of Indias Tech Industry. Australia Holiday Packages from Delhi: [removed]. READ this if you want to become a MILLIONAIRE: [https//box2019office.blogspot.com/2018/11/5tipstoreachfinancialfreedom.html]https//box2019office.blogspot.com/2018/11/5tipstoreachfinancialfreedom.html. Kala Jadu Experts in Noida Grotal.com. Black Magic Experts in Noida Grotal.com. Ikea wants to make stuff from the straw now being burnt in India. 3/4 BHK Flats for Sale in Tollygunge South Kolkata. Top 20 Apple Authorised Service Center in Bangalore iPhone Repair. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialists in Noida Grotal.com. 75 rupees coin with picture of Netaji Subhash Chandra will be released on December 30. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Some Relief For Aam Aadmi Petrol And Diesel Prices Come Down. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Home Tuition Centre in Ludhiana. Entrepreneurship Development Program APG Learning. Play Big Win Big: Join the online casino just for India Register today [http//bit.ly/jwoffers]http//bit.ly/jwoffers [video]liujeitwrfy11 Sunny Leone with JeetWin. Contact Success Tutorials Tuition Centre in Ludhiana. Details of Best SSC Coaching Centers in Mohali. SSC Coaching Classes in Mohali. Top 25 best SSC Coaching Institutes in Mohali. flysaifia.com A Simple and Secure Holiday Package Booking Website r/india. Xiaomi accused of running a scam in the name of flash sales in Britain.. Zee increases TV Channel List With the Launch of Zee Keralam on 26 November. Instructions to fill Eway bill entries for Importer and Exporter ewaybill gstupdates gstlaw gstindia. How pet seller earns 2 lakhs over months. Office Shifting Services in Bangalore Grotal.com. Top 20 IAS Coaching Institutes in Vadodara UPSC CoachingGrotal. Household Packing Services in Bangalore Grotal.com. Best House Relocation Services in Bangalore Grotal.com. 14 Amazing Productivity Apps for Android and iOS in 2018: [https//www.troopmessenger.com/blogs/14amazingproductivityappsforandroidandiosin2018]https//www.troopmessenger.com/blogs/14amazingproductivityappsforandroidandiosin2018 ampx200B ampx200B. Starting aRegister Nidhi Company Online Nidhi CompanyRegistrationProcess the first step iscompanyformationinindiaampPvtltdcompanyregistration. Best SMO Company in Noida 919910957757 Digital Marketing Company: [removed]. Bypassing Indian cryptocurrency laws using Foreign Exchangers: [removed]. Advocates in Delhi. Criminal Advocates in Delhi. Book Property Ads in Agra at Lowest Rate. Top 20 Criminal Lawyers Advocates amp Legal Advisors in Delhi. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Gokshur powder and capsule is made from Pure Gokshur stem extract and synergistically processed with highly advanced technology. It may support healthy kidney functions heart problem brain function etc. https//www.herbalhills.in/ayurvedic/products/herbalayurvedicsingleherb/gokshuracapsule/. Why India is renting out its caves to foreign firms Times of India. Amazons Audible debuts with 400 Indian titles. If you want to try something new check out Plazalista. A new website to sell your stuff and make money.. Best way for international payments: I make few payments monthly in foreign currency i.e. euro and british pound for seedbox via my VISA debit card and sometimes paypal. They usually charge around 3040 rupees above the prevailing market exchange rate. I want to know if there is a way i can minimize the additional costs like using credit card or something. Any info regarding this would be greatly appreciated. Thanks in advance.. Buy 3/4 BHK Flats in Central Kolkata Alcove Regency. Flipkarts Binny Bansal Quits As CEO After Personal Misconduct Probe. How the PMs Crop Insurance Scheme Turned Into a Goldmine for 10 Private Insurers. Busted Indian Crypto Ponzi Scheme Lured Muslims With Halal Investments. Binny Bansal resigns from Flipkart amid personal misconduct allegations.: [removed]. Best Love Marriage Specialists in Delhi Grotal.com. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Delhi Grotal.com. Pitamaas Right Door For Creative Packaging Design. Flipkart and Walmart statement on Binny Bansal. Indian ED Busted A Crypto Ponzi Which Lured Muslims With Halal Investment Commitments. Find Best Love Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi on Grotal. Best Vashikaran Specialists in Delhi with contact detailsGrotal. Collateralized debt obligation: Hi Can anyone here explain to me the meaning of CDOs in simpler terms. And also the difference between CDOs and MBSs Or maybe direct me to a sub that might be appropriate for this. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. DoT Gives its Mandate on Aadhaar eKYC. Document Translation Services in Mumbai. High Quality Conference Interpretation Services in Mumbai India. Advertise in the Hindu Newspaper for Noida City at Best Ad Rates. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Popular Business Magazines In India: [removed]. Government vs RBI Urjit Patel Met Prime Minister Narendra Modi RBI Board Meeting On November 19. Trademark Registration. The Making of Fine Natural Linen Fabric By The Yard. Linen Fabric Manufacturer and Supplier India. Desalination Plant In India: [removed]. Top 5 Love Vashikaran Specialist Love Problem Experts in Chandigarh. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Chandigarh with Complete Address Reviews and Rating. HP Notebook Service Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. HP Computer Service Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. HP Authorised Service Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. HP Laptop Service Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. In Life You Cannot Time Your Success Or Your Failure Secret Diary of Ronnie Screwvala Part 1. Five of Indias bestfunded startups lost over a billion dollars in 2018. International trade figures: [removed]. Clothing Manufacturer In India Pure Linen Clothing Fabric. Property in South Kolkata to Book Your AC Apartments. Five of Indias bestfunded startups lost over a billion dollars in 2018. Heritage of Linen Fabric Wholesale Supplier. flysaifia.com A Simple and Secure Holiday Package Booking Website. You Will Always Have Critics And Cynics Who Will Say GST Has Slowed Indias Growth Arun Jaitley. Best AC taxi services in Chandigarh Chandigarh Outstation Taxi Services Grotal.com. Cabs in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Thugs of Hindostan gets a minimum guarantee of Rs. 110 cr. for the Chinese market. Top 10 Chandigarh to Delhi Taxi Services Affordable services. best seo services in delhi ncr. Top 20 Taxi Providers in Ambala City Grotal.com. Top 20 Taxi in Ambala City with contact details Grotal. Top 20 Ambala Taxi Service in Ambala City Grotal. 24 Hours Taxi Services in Ambala City Grotal. Top 20 Taxi services in Ambala Car Rental in Ambala City Grotal. Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai. List of Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai with Phone Number. Book The Hindu Advertisement for Chennai Region. confused emotions we can all relate too. Just saved 4.3 Crores by using Big Bazaar. Top 15 Best Tax Saving Investments for 20192020. Jio Fiber is here Airtel woe is you. HDFC Bank finds 68 used fake papers for job one a branch manager. www.topiff.com: [Topiff.com]https//Topiff.com Best Travel Plan Ever \Geniune Concept amp PAN India Hotels amp Resorts Booking Voucher Redeem Voucher to CASH Weekly ROI \Binary amp Direct Income Call 9148445167 Full support amp Power [img]3gct4ybyekx11 Topiff Revolution in Hotel amp Resort Industry Topiff Provide Top Infrastructure and Hospitality in Hotels and Resorts SERVICES IN DIFFERENT PACKAGES 18 GST Excluding 1. Eco 7000 30 Nights Stay 2 Star Hotel Standard 21000 30 Nights stay 3Star Hotel Premium 49500 30 Nights Stay 4 Star Hotel Privilege 105000 30 Nights Stay 5 Star Hotel You get 1 night Every week Till 30 weeks Or You Can Accumulate all Night and Can Use any time without any Expire Date 1 Night X 30 week 30 Nights You Can Redeem your voucher or Stay Happy where you want to according to your Package. Buy Back Offer Buy Back Offer means Topiff will Purchase Back your Voucher and Provide another one and work as Mediator and take 5 Service Charge 1. Eco 1 Night worth of 550 2. Standard 1 Night Worth of 1650 3. Premium 1 Night Worth of 3950 4. Privilege 1 Night Worth of 7950 Additional Benefits Cashback Facility 5 on Your Direct Package Sell You Can Refer Unlimited People BiReferal Cashback 10 on 11 / Matching Withdrawal will Be on Every Friday 5 TDS will Be deduction What if Your Desire Become Topiff Money Money Money Money money Then Do Topiff Happy Traveling What if Your Desire Become Topiff Money Money Money Money money Then Do Topiff Happy Traveling . Amazon Strikes Deal With Apple to Officially Sell iPhones iPads and Macs.. List of ineligible services defined in GST explained. Flipkart Seller Support Number And Email id Way To Contact. Discover How Intelligent Video Management Solution Benefits Businesses. Indias banking system is flirting with a Lehman moment. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Gold Prices Fall By Rs 150 Now Stands At Rs 32 250 Per 10 Grams. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. 10 Awesome Things on AliExpress under 1 Nov 2018 Review of the Best of Aliexpress. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Selecting The Best Builders In Trivandrum: [removed]. IoT for Enterprises Overcoming the Challenges of Modern Retail. NBFC fund crunch begins to hit real estate sector. 50 Large NBFCs Require Rs 95000 Crore For Debt Repayments Due In November. Best Real Estate Developer to Buy Flats in Kolkata. Meet another Freedom Seeker Deepak Shandilya from Alembic Pharmaceuticals Hyderabad India. Reasons Why Buying Flats in Serampore is the Best Retirement Plan. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. About Us Home Tuition Centre in Jalandhar and Ludhiana. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Mr. singhs veiw.. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india: [removed]. Best Web Development Company in Delhi NCR India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Booze before hospitalisation no ground for mediclaim denial Consumer court. Ecommerce firms banking heavily on Diwali sales. Newgen Hyundai Santro receives 28800 bookings in 22 days. Mastercard amp Visa losing market share to domestic payments networks Arun Jaitley. How entrepreneur Prateek Sharma is winning the war on air pollution at just Rs 10 with Nasofilters. Digital Marketing: [removed]. Amazon is hitting hard in India. UK PhD / DBA Dissertation Writing amp Editing Services. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Online Shopping The cashback on your shopping could be taxable Read the rules to find out. When you want to show your tinder day that youve put extra effort by gift wrapping the goods... Langot from the newly opened Patanjali apparel store.. 6 Best Tips for Travelling on Budget. Best Resort in Wayanad Luxury Resorts Wayanad: [removed]. Facebook marketing.. Boost your business now.: [removed]. Sbi results 2018 in hindi. Baba Ramdev says Patanjalis ripped jeans are more sanskari than Zaras. WhatsApp Stickers Packs Private Reply and Other Features WhatsApp Has Introduced Recently. Alcove Realty The Best Real Estate Developer in Kolkata. Instant money transfer to India Diwali gift from TransferWise: [removed]. Bahrain Police Clearance Certificate. The Best Digital marketing Course Provider Company in India Zoffr.in: Digital marketing Now In India Create Very Huge Career Opportunity For Freshers Graduates House wife Retired Person . Digial marketing course offer by zoffr with 101 Job Placement Guarantee . .. So we have introduced a policy to train our employees and hire them with us... We offer you direct company training and you would be given the JOB OFFER LETTER at the day of admission ..which means your job is 101 fixed with us. Digital marketing its A Skill Provide You Life time Earning Opportunity . After Completing the course you can work Full time Part Time And Work From Home Also In A digital marketing yo can work as freelancer as well . ampx200B For More Details Visit our website [https//www.zoffr.in/Zoffrlearning.aspx]https//www.zoffr.in/Zoffrlearning.aspx tumbler [https//www.tumblr.com/blog/nikhildm]https//www.tumblr.com/blog/nikhildm LinkedIn[https//www.linkedin.com/in/nikhildevare07a110169/]https//www.linkedin.com/in/nikhildevare07a110169/ Twitter[https//twitter.com/Nikhildevare1]https//twitter.com/Nikhildevare1 Instagram [https//www.instagram.com/dmnikhil/hlen]https//www.instagram.com/dmnikhil/hlen Quora [https//nikhildevare.quora.com/]https//nikhildevare.quora.com/ Medium[https//medium.com/dmnikhil85]https//medium.com/dmnikhil85 Blogger[https//digitalnikhil.blogspot.com/]https//digitalnikhil.blogspot.com/ Fb Page [https//www.facebook.com/digitalmarketingcourseinmumbai]https//www.facebook.com/digitalmarketingcourseinmumbai [Follow Nikhildevare1]https//twitter.com/Nikhildevare1refsrctwsrc5Etfw [img]4c3ux1hs1pw11. SHIV picks up license to publish Indian edition of HempToday. Website Development Company in Jalandhar. Safe Deposit Locker Karur Vysya Bank. Praise be to Allah who made marriage a noble tradition in Islam. And a barrier between Halal amp Haram.: [removed]. Book The Hindu Newspaper Advertising Online. Mutual Fund Investment Karur Vysya Bank. Best Vashikaran Specialists in ChandigarhGrotal. Diwali 2018 Muhurat Trading Time amp Date on BSEamp NSE Markets To Remain Shut on November 8. Home Tutors in Ludhiana. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. HP Service Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. India Ranked 12 Globally for WebBorne Threats Kaspersky Lab. Hotstar The star of the Indian video streaming market. SBI RESULTS Q2 2018. SBI Results Q2 2018 Hindi . Hypertension Blood Pressure High blood pressure:  Knowing high blood pressure low blood pressure normal blood pressure high bp symptoms blood pressure range blood pressure causes types. Shri Amar Nath Shroff The Founder of Alcove Realty. 2/3/4 BHK Flats in Topsia Kolkata near Park Circus. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Lenovo Authorised Repair Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. CMA Certification Dubai. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. TS 1000 Heavy duty Industrial floor cleaning machine in India. Jade 50 Professional automatic floor cleaning machine in India: [removed]. Lenovo Mobile Phone Repair Service Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Lenovo Mobile Repair Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Dulevo 1100 Industrial floor sweeping and cleaning machine. HSBC India Completes Joint BlockchainEnabled Transaction With India Holding Giant RIL. Xiaomi made in India a lie: [removed]. Lenovo Repair Center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Naiknavares Avon Vista Balewadi Pune: ampx200B [video]2xdrploflgw11 Ready to View 2 BHK amp 3 BHK Modern Sample Abode available at [\Naiknavare]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/naiknavaresourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKRs Avon Vista [\Balewadi]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/balewadisourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR Pune. The location design and features make Avon Vista a comfortable habitat that lends serenity to your life. For site visit Contact 919359369803 [\Houceefy]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/houceefysourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR [\SampleFlat]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/sampleflatsourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR [\AvonVista]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/avonvistasourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR [\SampleFlatWalkthrough]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/sampleflatwalkthroughsourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR[\ModernAbode]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/modernabodesourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR [\Pune]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/punesourcefeedtextampxts5B05D68.ARCCtNWQi9GrI8PAs5SDdO4iJs2kxgB7NRFiYiZydhaLVrqosBrXlG2LInkTyu3MIwQDmkynyXlPgtG9c8ZnPNn63mEIfRknXQ46MDkYJCv6M4ypFt5fq25x0xNtzHYB7PJC16bDV0qpOMDj8ui6pNFna2actDTkjymRQOWlKNcAJILGjY60J16keUyofmsJKKnqpNxJc0n2NFHu7YBqM9n8j48qSeamptn2ANKR. One in five products sold by etailers is fake Survey. Global EHouse Market 201720236Wresearch: [removed]. Top 20 Lenovo service center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Explore wide range of Smart devices. Must read FAQs related to Eway Bill. Project Feasibility Study Firms in india Business Feasibility Studies companies in India. Indias Reliance is teaming up with BP in a move that could send the countrys stateowned fuel giants into a tailspin. Major World Economies Over Time. Look at India go. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Registration Instructions and application form for GST Practitioners. wants to register a company in India https//www.venturecare.com/nidhicompany. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Modi Announces Sops for the MSMEs in India. [ANN][FREE AIRDROP] We will give away up to a total of 200.000 in POOL: [removed]. 502 Bad Gateway. Study in France for Indian Students Requirements and Procedure. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Advocates in Chandigarh. 5 Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in Chandigarh. What are some Consumer buying habits in National Capital Region India specifically in Delhi for a cheap laptop roughly 250 : Trying to find more info on Consumer buying habits in National Capital Region India specifically in Delhi for a cheap laptop roughly 250. Main target is for field workers and engineers of that sort. or basically anyone who would utilize a cheaper alternative commercialized laptop. ampx200B a. Productuse patterns Product use patterns would describe how the product is used. Do use patterns differ for certain market segments as well as differ from other country market segments For example in the U.S. the breakfast drink TANG is consumed mainly at breakfast as a substitute for a breakfast juice drink. In some Latin American countries TANG is consumed in social settings as a refreshment and rarely at breakfast. ampx200B b. Product feature preferences Preference for specific product features may vary from market to market. For example in poorer countries single item packaging or small quantities may be preferred over multiple item packaging or larger quantities. ampx200B c. Shopping habits Shopping habits may also vary from market to market. For example a product sold in a variety store may be sold only in pharmacies in some countries. Simple magnifying reading glasses can be purchased in a variety of stores in the U.S. but can only be sold by prescription in the U.K.. Is Dassault cheating the people of India. Walmart India to open 47 more stores by 2022 Typical store needs anywhere between USD 9mln to USD 10mln in terms of investment as it opened its 23rd wholesale store in Visakhapatnam on Wednesday.. CBIC issued the said Boards Circular for clarification and directed the officer to recover the said ineligible credit distributed by the ISD as per Section 21 of the Act.. Coming here this deserves a wow: Economic Times Loan in 59 minutes for MSMEs PM Modi launches portal to ease credit for small businesses. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/smallbiz/policytrends/loanin59minutesformsmespmmodilaunchesportaltoeasecreditforsmallbusinesses/articleshow/66477003.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. mobile se Money Transfers Kare Best Payment Apps. Love Marriage Specialists in Bangalore Grotal.com. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Bangalore Grotal.com. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Job Problem Solution in Bangalore Grotal.com. WhatsApp to invest 250k in five Indian startups. Top 20 Love Vashikaran Specialists in BangaloreGrotal. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Bangalore Grotal.com. Top 10 Vashikaran specialists in BangaloreGrotal. Book Tender Notice Ads Online in Financial Express at Best Rates. Types Of Business Investments High Risks Low Risks Protection Period Money Mantan TV. Compact Laminate Manufacturers Amulya Mica. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Top 20 Black Magic Experts in Bangalore Grotal.com. Government vs RBI IMF Warns Against Any Move That Thwarts Independence Of Central Banks. Get Top 20 Black Magic Specialists in Bangalore with their Contact details. Top 20 Kala Jadu experts in Bangalore Vashikaran SpecialistGrotal. Top 10 Vashikaran specialists in Bangalore Grotal.com. Local Shifting Services in Chandigarh. The Entrepreneurs of India. What would happen if 1 USD 1 INR. Chronicling The Impressive A Photo Story with Farhan Akhtar. Top 20 Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Affordable and Secure Grotal. Top 5 Packers and Movers in Chandigarh. Mastercard unhappy over PM Modis promotion of Indian card network RuPay. Government considers ban on registration of new vehicles in Bengaluru Residents skeptical of such move. Startup for Essential oils and Blends from India. India at 77 in World Banks Ease of Doing Business Storify News. Jio damage finally hits home Airtel Vodafone Idea roll out new plans wont pamper small consumers anymore. GST No detention for minor discrepancies in Eway Bill. Walmart India to open 47 more B2B stores plans to invest 500Mn. Astrologers in Mumbai Grotal.com. Love Marriage Specialist in Mumbai Grotal.com. HDFC Q2 net profit rises 25 to Rs 2467 crore.. Electrophoresis Hb Electrophoresis Protein Electrophoresis: [removed]. Conference Interpretation Services in BangaloreGrotal. Language Interpretation Equipments in BangaloreGrotal. Language Translation Services in BangaloreGrotal. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore. Bosch Delegate Microphones in Bangalore. Why Book Tender Notice in The Economic Times. Top 20 Bosch Interpretation Equipments dealer in BangaloreGrotal. Ease of Doing Business India jumps 23 notches now at rank 77. [serious] HELP I invented something.: Ive invented a stationary utility device and now want to turn it in a business. Ive applied for design patenttrademarks as Intellectual properties. I have completed msme and gst registration. ive prepared visiting cards proprietor stamp installed billing software and a 100 pgs letterpad. I have a batch of 400 pcs ready to test the market . I wont disclose it before the launch so please dont ask about it no offence. Not bragging just giving the information Ive done everything alone from research to paperwork to purchase raw material to manufacturing plastic parts come from factory. i have to assemble it and pack in the box to finance/money stuff ca does gst returns. It has really taken a toll on me. ampx200B heres my work environment. i want to operate from home. my parents are agreed to this and i have access to half of first floor. its a single room where i do the assemblytightening screws to join parts and packing and in one corner i have a table where i do rest of company related work from a laptop. im trying to outsource the packing and assembly but still ill have to store raw materials and final stock in that room till sent to amazon warehouse or factory. ampx200B i really dont have budget for renting a shop and hiring employee. i want to execute this testing phase alone. if itll be successfull then ill get a shop employees and other equipments but rightnow i dont want to create too much financial burdon on my parents ampx200B ampx200B my queries are 1. can i do my business from home . do i need to do any paperwork or permission or licencing. my stock takes space only about a refrigerator. and all i need a printer and laptop for other stuff. 2. do i need commercial electricity meter. if so then can my father apply for that he owns the house and is a GOVT. employee. Is there any way i can avoid that as ill get my own shop after testing phase and that commercial connection at home will be a waste. ampx200B 3. do i need to pay rent to parents. ampx200B 4. can i cause complications for my father as hes a govt. employee. ampx200B 5. do i need any permission from mcd or other anyone. ampx200B 6 do i need current account. my expenses are small and im currently operating from savings account. banks hdfc icici bobaxis are asking for in house verifications and demanding a banner in front of my house. ill never put a banner in front of house as padosi bade madar\\\\ hain. ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B anything else you want to advice me youre welcome guys. Im just a 21 year old trying to escape from the rat race and want to really contribute something to the world. ampx200B ampx200B. India jumps 23 ranks on the world banks Ease of doing business. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. PRE DIWALI OFFER BOOK your Ad till DIWALI through TheMediaCat amp GET a Big Discount. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Saudi Arabia Construction Equipment Market 201720226Wresearch. Mobile website Design Tablet Sites Design amp Development by Indigo Consulting. Top 10 Vashikaran Specialist in Mumbai Grotal.com. D.Y. Patil Medical College Kolhapur MBBS Started Admission 2018 2019. ANOKHISI Fashion Womens Cotton Printed Long Kurta Kurti For Party wear: [removed]. Black Magic Experts in Mumbai. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in MumbaiKala Jadu Experts Mumbai. Best Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Indian rupee opens higher at 73.87 per dollar. Google Introduces New Startups To Launchpad Studio Partners With Four Indian Banks. Not bad India still a long way to go though. Mens Linen Clothing Shirts Trousers Pants. Finest Linen Fabric Manufacturer LinenClub. India jumps 23 positions in the World Banks Ease of Doing Business Index and is now ranked 77 out of 190 countries in 2018. It was ranked 100 in 2017.. India jumps 23 positions to Rank 77 in World Banks Ease of Doing Business. Ease of doing business LIVE Updates India jumps 23 places ranks 77 in the World Banks index. Videocon Refrigerator Service Center in DelhiGrotal. Videocon Washing Machine Service Center in DelhiGrotal. My somewhat complete salary history as a software engineer. Top 20 Videocon Washing Machines in Delhi Grotal. Top 20 Videocon Air Conditioners in Delhi Grotal.com. Top 20 Videocon AC Dealers in Delhi Grotal.com. Place your Advertisement in the Deccan Chronicle with Bookadsnow. Top 20 Videocon service center in Delhi Contact detailsGrotal. ANOKHISI Fashion Womens Rayon Embroidered Long Kurta Kurti For Party wear: [removed]. Things to Ensure When You Hire Professionals for Bankruptcy Advice. Credit Card ICICI Bank and Amazon launch cobranded credit card. Heres what is on offer. Apple Authorised IPhone Service Center in Delhi. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Time to Book Flats in Tangra near EM Bypass Kolkata. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Alcove Block 32 Ready to Move Flats in North Kolkata. List of authorised Apple Service Center in Delhi. OnePlus 6T Launched In India Heres The Price And All You Need To Know. Apple Authorised Service Center in Delhi Contact Details. Ultimate Guide On Medical Device Registration In 7 Different Countries. Investments With High Returns Expectations Of Investment CA K HANMANDLOO Money Mantan TV. Government vs RBI Arun Jaitley Slams RBI For Failing To Check Indiscriminate Lending. Come to the Top Professionals Providing Insolvency Services in India. wooden laptop table. Top 5 Black Magic Specialists in Gurgoan NCR Grotal.com. Attention SBI customers From tomorrow your ATM withdrawal will be limited to Rs 20000 here is what you can do. India and Japan Sign a Currency Swap Agreement Storify News. Service Tax Relief for Air Cargo Agents. New ICICI Bank Credit Card Offers Amazon Pay Balance as Reward Points. Jio Phone Gift Card: [removed]. Ready to Move AC Apartments to Book Flats in Tollygunge. Ecommerce Website Design amp Development in India Indigo Consulting. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Ecommerce Website Design amp Development in India Indigo Consulting. Bulk SMS Service a way to Generate a high amount of revenue:  There are several reasons to adopt [Bulk SMS Service]http//www.msgclub.net/smsservice/bulksmsservices.aspx into your business. Due to its high deliverability engagement rates and simple tracking you can get most out of your marketing campaigns. You might hear negative things about SMS but in the current scenario texting is a positive tool for any kind of business. Get this at a most nominal price only from MsgClub platform. [img]7gixijtv0bv11. best ecommerce website development delhi. Best Vashikaran Specialists in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Love Marriage Specialists in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Love Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai with Contact DetailsGrotal. Black Magic Experts in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. List of Experienced Black Magic Specialists in ChennaiGrotal. Livestock and Agriculture machine instruments Materials Tools.. Top 20 Black Magic Experts in Chennai Grotal.com. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Chennai Grotal.com. Lost Love Vashikaran Specialist in ChennaiGrotal. Jet Airways eyes help from Ratan Tata Mukesh Ambani. LinenClub Shirt Fabric Manufacturer in India. Book Your Ad in Amar Ujala Newspaper at Lowest Rate. Vastu Consultant. Get top 20 list of Vashikaran Specialists in Chennai with their contact details. Top 20 Lost Love Vashikaran Specialist in ChennaiGrotal. Commercial Solar Power Company India ADIRA Solar India. Best 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai Vashikaran in Chennai. How to earn money from paytm. Bulk SMS Service Can Enhances The Brand Image:  Marketing is imperative for branding and Branding is a substantial and constant advertising strategy that we use to influence or impact and deal with the manner in which individuals perceive and give a reaction to your brand image and subsequently it impacts their purchasing choices too. To enhance this process [Bullk SMS Service is]http//www.msgclub.net/smsservice/bulksmsservices.aspx the best option to choose for SMS marketing. The best thing about SMS marketing is that while its norms and considerations stay proportionate there are continually interesting ways to deal with a pass on its motivating force to customers. SMS Advertising empowers brands and associations to have twoway talks with customers through cell phones a contraption that they have on them always. Processing img klpgd9zxd9v11.... Global Info Reports: [removed]. Laptop Stand For Bed. Hitachi State Bank of India Team Up To Create A Digital Payment Platform. Echo. How is valued ACCA in India: Is ACCA better than CA in India Share your thoughts please. Get your Home Smart. Comprehend Sections with analysis related to GST refund. Tips For Writing A Successful SEO Friendly Classified Ad. Diwali Offer Purohits for Lakshmi Pooja start at 1999. Top 20 Black Magic Specialist in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Top 20 vashikaran Specialists in Hyderabad Kaala Jaadu Experts. Top 20 Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Top 20 Black Magic Experts in Hyderabad Grotal. Brainware University Kolkata starts registrations for the new session 201920.: Brainware University Kolkata starts registrations for the session 201920. Brainware offers 55 Job oriented degree courses. . What Is Investment How To Invest Expenditure Risks of Investments Money Mantan TV. Top 20 Kala Jadu Specialists in Hyderabad Grotal. Top 20 Kala Jadu Experts in Hyderabad Grotal. GST Ready Payment Gateway. best web development company in noida. Vashikaran Specialist in Hyderabad. Demonetisation Move RBI Governor Urjit Patel To Appear Before Parliamentary Panel For The Third Time. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Bulk SMS Marketing Campaign Timings For Huge Success: [removed]. Why dont Indian dairies make whey: There is clearly a good market for milk based supplements. But why dont Indian dairies they make whey or caesin. What is the Best Way to Release Advertisements in Colors TV. India Automated Fare Collection Systems Market 201820246Wresearch. Statue of Unity also a tribute to Indian engineering skills says LampT. Cryptocurrency Illegal In India Says Trade Organization Head. Thalassemia Beta thalassemia Alpha thalassemia. Bulk SMS Marketing Provides Mobility To Any Business: [removed]. portable laptop stand. Fuel prices cut for 11th time Petrol down by 40 paise diesel by 33 paise. handloom silk sarees Fabric Plus. Silk Sarees Online Shopping Fabric Plus. The Worlds FastestGrowing Economy Is Facing a Cash Crunch. Simplify the terms related to GST Refund. After IKEA UAEs Danube Home To Enter India First Store In Hyderabad. Why Basmati Rice is preferred over White Rice. GST Kerala AAAR Recovery of Food expenses from employees. online free job hurry up in india you can do it. Famous pandit in India Guru Arvind jiPunjab Jyotishi Lost Love Back In USA Black Magic Specialist In USA Kala Jadoo Specialist In USA Love Astrologer In USA Love Dispute Solution IN USA Online Astrologer In USA Online pandit in USA Best Love Back Baba In USA Love Solution Specialist In U: [removed]. Gripping Facts and Essential Information About Motor Insurance in India. BRANDING NEEDS one stop Destination for your Brand development: [removed]. Event Management Company in Pune JOL Events amp Entertainments. Beautiful Balloon Decoration at home for Birthday Party. Surprise Birthday Decoration For Fathers 50th Birthday Party. States\ income immune from Union taxes. Unbeatable Transactional Bulk SMS Service Provider. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Offset Printing Press in Amritsar Brochure Printing in Amritsar. Deputy Governor Bats For Independence of RBI Warns Government Of Interference. SBI to take big haircut from ailing power firms loans. Avail Transactional Bulk SMS Service Provider To Send Notifications:  Insightful thoughts constantly find their way into the propelled world. Everything considered the Transactional Bulk SMS is the perfect spell made to appreciate all the notifications tolls. A Transactional SMS is a key for the alerts warnings notifications and quickness of any exchange happening in a customers endurable record. One can avail this service from [transactional bulk SMS service provider]http//www.msgclub.net/smsservice/transactionalbulksmsserviceproviderindia.aspx. [img]rsfinj0gmou11. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Why you should invest in stocks market. Whatsapp marketing is Decent Choice For propelling The Business: [removed]. ArcelorMittal wins bankrupt Essar Steel finally Ruias last ditch effort wont work say experts. Laptop Desk: [removed]. Grab your guitar on Amazon great Indian festival. How Tata built India Two Centuries of Indian Business Business Casual. Great deals on Amazon Great Indian festival. Cryptocurrency Illegal In India Says Trade Organization Head. ZEPPO GST EBilling ERP Software Easy To Use. Q2 results ICICI Bank profit declines 56 misses estimates.. Ayurvedic Face Pack For Glowing and Clear Skin. Top 10 Audience Response Systems in Bangalore Grotal. Top 10 Wireless Tour Guide Systems On Hire in Bangalore Grotal. best software development company. Book Your Newspaper Advertisement in Leading Brands. Bulk SMS messaging for increasing the brand image of business: [removed]. Top 20 Audio Guide Systems in Bangalore Grotal. Top 20 wireless 2 Way Tour Guides system in Bangalore Grotal. Business Problem Solution Baba Ji in Hyderabad. Lokmat Advertisement Booking Online at Lowest Ad Rates. Amazon blames late Diwali in India for slow global sales. Top 5 Intercast Love Marriage Specialist in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Security in eCommerce Transaction. Business Problem Solutions in Hyderabad. BUSINESS WITHOUT INVESTMENT: [removed]. Folic Acid Folate Vitamin B9 Folic Acid In Pregnancy Folic Acid Test. Everything you need to know about crypto regulations in India: [removed]. YpayCash Mobile Wallet Karur Vysya Bank. EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT CRYPTO REGULATIONS IN INDIA:  The Current State Of Cryptocurrency In India There is a lot of dubiousness about the crypto entities in India presently. On one hand the government has clearly declared crypto payments to be illegal. On the other crypto trading is neither legal nor illegal. While no direct ban has been imposed on cryptocurrencies as of now the government stance is still undecided. It has issued a warning to people against trading or investing in cryptocurrencies and ruled that Indian banks will not be able to hold any dealings with companies offering cryptocurrencyrelated services. Now that you are aware of the current scenario of cryptocurrency in India lets take a look at a short [timeline]https//factordaily.com/cryptocurrencylastlegalstandinindia/ of the cryptocurrency regulations in India. [https\/\/ittisa.io\/everythingyouneedtoknowaboutcryptoregulationsinindia\/]https//i.redd.it/mcycz4995hu11.png Hope this helps. AircelMaxis Case P Chidambaram In Trouble ED Names Him As An Accused In The Chargesheet. How to use UPI when I am outside India: [removed]. online laptop stand. Bulk SMS via Gateway For Several Security Services: [removed]. Q2 results Airtel profit falls 65 to Rs 119 crore. Tata h5x/harrier spotted testing in Bengaluru reveals interior and specs details. Watch the full video . How To Earn Money Online In India. small 4 question survey about what apps/softwares used in your organisation and what issues do you face. Acing Your Monsoon Attire Monsoon Wear Clothing. Your Most Impressive Festive Season Yet Ethnic Indian Wear. IVRS Karur Vysya Bank. Missed Call Banking Karur Vysya Bank. KVB eBook Version 4.0 Smartphone App. READY TO MOVE INTO FLATS IN SOUTH KOLKATA ALCOVE TOWER 5. WTC CBD Office Space in Noida Expressway Noida. Buy Best Ayurvedic Sex Power Capsules From Dr. Vaidyas. Bulk SMS Services To Increase the level of your business. Cretive Web Designing amp Development Company in Pune. Mobile Banking Service India Karur Vysya Bank. Easy amp Online Register a Section 8 Company in India. Project Feasibility Study Firms in india Business Feasibility Studies companies in India. Project Feasibility Study Firms in india Business Feasibility Studies companies in India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Birthday Party Venue Organizer in Delhi. Love Relationship Problems Solution in Hyderabad. Love Problem Solutions in Hyderabad. Love Marriage Problem Solutions in Hyderabad. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Cyrus Mistry Launches New Enterprise. Big Trouble For Nirav Modi His Rs 255 Cr Worth Assets In Hong Kong Attached By Enforcement Directorate. Physical Security Information managementPSIM Services: [removed]. Trauma Implants Specialist: [removed]. Husband Wife Relationship Problems Solution in Hyderabad Grotal. Husband Wife Problem Solution Specialist in Hyderabad Grotal. Husband Wife Dispute in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Husband Wife Problem Solutions in Hyderabad Grotal. Why Dainik Jagran Ads Will Reach the Maximum Number of People. Promote Your Ads on The Radio. Project Feasibility Study Firms in india Business Feasibility Studies companies in India. Residential Property In Zirakpur: [removed]. Online Registration of pvt. Ltd. in India. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Register a company Venture care Register Nidhi CompanyOnline Nidhi Company Registration Process: [removed]. PVT LTD COMPANY REGISTRATION IN INDIA: [removed]. Casa Grande 2 Noida.: [removed]. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Indian Police Seize Unocoins ATM Arrest Two Founders. Why Should You Consider Pouches for Food Packaging. Bulk SMS marketing vs mobile marketing strategy choose your best:  [Bulk SMS]http//www.msgclub.net/ marketing campaigns are the way to enhance your business productivity. SMS is the integral element of mobile marketing technique through the increase in the use of mobile phones people are likely to receive information only on their cell phones. These methods are the inexpensive high penetration rate and direct way of communication. So choose the best bulk SMS gateway provider in your city and buy affordable services to run your promotional campaign. To know more visit r/http//www.webnewswire.com/2018/10/25/whatsthedifferencebetweenmobilemarketingsmsmarketing/ [img]rktwqpa0v9u11. Best Advice From The Most Famous Entrepreneurs On Having A Successful Life. Public Provident Fund PPF How to earn Rs 1 crore on Diwali even save income tax. Promote Your Ads on The Radio: [removed]. Are you allergic Learn about Allergies. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Buy right now. Zydus Cadila To Buy Kraft Heinzs India Portfolio Complan GluconD Nycil Sampriti Ghee For Rs 4595 Crore. Flipkart ab Har wish hogi puri. Except your wish of getting the product and using it. I ordered it on 10th and Ill be using it probably on 1st November. Bc ek EMI bhi cut jayega before I unbox it . Newspaper Advertising Book Newspaper Advertising. Book 4 BHK Flats in Topsia near EM Bypass Kolkata. What is a Nidhi Company: [removed]. Buy Health Toner for Senior Citizens Best Ayurvedic Treatment Online. Cisco Ip Phone Dealers in Noida. Register a company Venture care Register Nidhi CompanyOnline Nidhi Company Registration Process: [removed]. Cisco Router Dealers in Noida. Haemoglobin Hb Normal Ranges Low Hb Symptoms High Hb Symptoms Causes. Top 20 ERP Software in Pune Billing Software Grotal. Some Recovery For Falling Rupee Recovers 42 Paise Against The U S Dollar. Top 20 Accounting Software in PuneERP Software Grotal. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Top 20 online billing software systems ERP Software Grotal. Internet Banking Services Karur Vysya Bank. best web development company. Promotional Bulk SMS Marketing if used deliberately can do well for your business: [removed]. Ways To Bank Personal Internet amp Mobile Banking Karur Vysya Bank. Blockchain Update. Mutual Fund Investment Karur Vysya Bank. Project Feasibility Study Firms in india Business Feasibility Studies companies in India. Online Registration of pvt. Ltd. in India. Best Dental College in India Bharati Vidyapeeth Dental College Navi Mumbai. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Digital Marketing Service in Dehradun. Easy amp Online Register a Section 8 Company in India. https//www.venturecare.com/section8company/ Easy amp Online Register a Section 8 Company in India NGO Formation Services. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Open Demat Account in India Karur Vysya Bank. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Life Insurance Life Insurance Policy in India. BookAdsNow Newspaper Advertising Agency Magazine amp Television Ad Booking Portal. PPC service in Noida 919910957757 Digital Marketing Agency: [removed]. Opportunities in Indian Aerospace: [removed]. Register amp Post Your business and get listed on online marketplace. HCL Techs September quarter profit rises 14.8 to 2534 cr: [removed]. BookAdsNow Newspaper Advertising Agency Magazine amp Television Ad Booking Portal. Bulk SMS is the integral part of mobile marketing: [removed]. Beautiful cheetah Cubs white tiger Lion cubs FOR SALE: Beautiful cheetah Cubs white tiger Lion cubs FOR SALE. CAT Online CoachingCAT Mock Test SeriesCLAT Online Test Series: [removed]. Sabyasachi sarees/lehenga cost revealed.: How much does a sabyasachi bridal lehenga cost by YoGesh Pal https//www.quora.com/Howmuchdoesasabyasachibridallehengacost/answer/YoGeshPal55ch99ampshare02605eccampsridhcLHO sabyasachi sarees lehengas . Sabyasachi sarees/lehenga cost revealed.: [removed]. Join the best blog sites for Business.: [removed]. Virtual Reality Camera Market Professional Survey amp Future Trends 2024: [removed]. Cisco Dealers in Delhi. web development company. Top 20 Cisco router Dealers Retailers in Delhi with Details. India Power amp Distribution Transformer Market 201720226Wresearch. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore Grotal.com. Socialman Giveaway Rs. 500 paytm cash Giveaway IN 10/29/2018. Useful Tips How to Keep Different Types of Garden Furniture Clean.  Newspaper Ads Booking at Lowest Advertising Rates. Know Cancer For No Cancer:  Healthcare nt sickcare explaining about Cancer Types Tests Precautions amp Much More which should learned. . While Indias IT managers get the axe old world coders get a lifeline. SEO Agency in Noida 919910957757 SEO Services: [removed]. History of India Rupee With US. Best Black Magic Specialist in Bangalore get expert advice 8427572080. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Commercial Solar Power Company India ADIRA Solar India. Why India lags peers in digital payments. Small savings to keep the Maharaja afloat. Tata Sons writes off entire 28652 crore Tata Tele investment. Analysts Jio to become 10th largest phone brand in the world. Number Of People Earning Rs 1 Crore Annually Grew By 60 In The Last 4 Years. Ajanta Ellora Aurangabad Tour Car Rental in Aurangabad Subodh Car Rental: [removed]. Flats in South Kolkata near Tollygunge Metro. Part Time Job in Jalandhar. Children Bank of India. Ger Detectors in Hyderabad. Long Range Gold Detectors in Hyderabad Grotal.com. Top 20 Gold Metal Detectors in Hyderabad Telangana SuppliersGrotal. International Sulphur Supplier Amoot Iranian Trading Company www.amootiranian.com. Love Marriage Specialists in Shimla. Black Magic Experts in Shimla. Top 20 Gold detectors in Hyderabad Get contact detailsGrotal. Black Magic Specialists in Shimla. web development. Zebpay Takes Exchange Operations Overseas After Suspension In India . how to become amazon seller india. A Tale of Two Billionaire Bros.. Mukesh Ambani The 41 billion wealth gap that divides Mukesh and Anil Ambani. Online Bus Booking at Low Prices: [removed]. How To Promote Your Brand Via Magazine Advertisements. What is Medical amp Pathology Laboratory. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Cheap Dubai Tours Packages: [removed]. IND AS 23 Borrowing costs ias23 Indian accounting standard. Indian Electric Vehicle industry reports 124 per cent growth this fiscal year. Thrombophilia Thrombophilia Profile Deep Vein Thrombosis. Clickonads.in FREE Indian Classified Website For Advertiser. Need to start a new Company in India : we are Digital Signature Pro providing services like eMudhra digital Signature [Electronic Signature]http//digitalsignaturepro.com/electronicsignature/ income tax digital Signature Certificate dgft e tender e procurement efiling income tax return income tax efiling ice Gate Income tax payment etoken e Signature eSign Online Signature GST Certificate We are from India And provide Authentic Services with a fast delivered. It is all about trust that we never break. ampx200B. How to make your Relationships last forever: [removed]. Hey guys a small survey for any Vehicle owners. Your inputs would be really appreciated.. Making profits via pomegranates Farming. Why Preventive Health Checkup So Essential in Modern Lifestyle . Indoor and Outdoor Water Fountains Suppliers in Jalandhar. Best Sauna Steam Suppliers in Chandigarh. Flipkart Customer Care No. TollFree Contact 247 Email Help Desk: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Bloodbath in Store. Bloodbath in Store. Download Byjus The Learning App APK Full Latest Version Free. It Is Flipkart Over Amazon In The Festive Season Sale RedSeer Report. CAT Online CoachingCAT Mock Test SeriesCLAT Online Test Series: [removed]. CAT Online Coaching. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Hire the SEO experts from the famous provider of SEO services in Delhi India: [removed]. Indias Richest Brothers and How They Grew 41 Billion Apart. Velocitii by Moshbari THE Fastest Way to Make LARGE Amounts of Money Online on a Daily Basis: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. HALs jets costlier than foreign ones says defence ministry audit. NEET Exam application form will be started from 1st November 2018. Imagine India 2050 When Everyone is a Startup Owner. Online Registration of pvt. Ltd. in IndiaOnline Registration of pvt. Ltd. in India Pvt ltd company registration process. Last date to avail Input Tax Credit. Best news deal in town: [removed]. Independent Research Study for Grad School Focus Group Participants Needed. Patiala chaat wala raided tax officials say he earns over Rs 1.2 crore. 2019 Ideas for Action Competition. ED has issued showcause notice to NDTV ltd in respect of FEMA violations relating to the receipt of FDI by NDTV to extent of 1637 cr. And relating to overseas investments to the tune of 2762 cr. Dear Flipkart and Amazon sales are measured in rupeesnot Burj Khalifas. After Central Bank Blockade Major Indian Exchange[Shuttered] Zebpay Moves to Malta TheCoinRepublic. help needed for go to market strategy for dubai: [removed]. Online Shop: Online Shop. buy Slide and Lock Package at best price Prasadhak. Wireless Audio Guide Systems on Rent in Mumbai. Top 5 Black Magic Specialist in Delhi Grotal.com. VMware to invest USD 2 billion in India. Transfer of shares to a family member after the demise of the original shareholder.: The application was submitted and has successfully finished processing. But I am yet to receive the share certificate with new name due to some post office issuesI can choose to wait but the December deadline of converting all physical shares to digital is approachingcorrect me if I am wrong. Now Can i go to their officewhich is very far from where I live and collect my share certificate myself or have them email the copy . Infertility Treatment in Patiala with contact details Grotal.com. Part Time Job in Jalandhar Star Home Tuitions Medium. Test Tube Baby Centers in Ludhiana with contact details Grotal. Infertility Centers in Ludhiana with contact details Grotal.com. IVF Centers in Ludhiana with contact details Grotal.com. Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana Grotal.com. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Best CDS coaching institute in Dehradun with contact details Grotal. Dear Flipkart and Amazon sales are measured in rupeesnot Burj Khalifas. NDA Coaching Dehradun in Dehradun Grotal. PPC Services in Noida 919910957757 PPC Service. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Top NDA Coaching in Dehradun with contact details Grotal. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Car Grooming Auckland S.A.X Car Wash: [removed]. NDA Coaching in Dehradun with contact details Grotal. Appendix Appendicitis Symptoms Diagnosis Prevention amp Test. UKs Entrepreneur First aims to build deeptech startups in India. TCS displaces Accenture as largest IT firm servicing banks. Inside Labouraddas plan to provide work for Indias 437M unorganized labor force. Treebo and FabHotels initiate merger talks. Reasons to not give up on Indian real estate. Over 50 crore mobiles with Aadhaar KYC could be disconnected. What is a Pivot Table: [removed]. Can We Really Predict The Stock Market: [removed]. Top 20 Taxi services in Delhi with contact detailsGrotal. Zebpay Sets up Operations Overseas After Suspending Exchange Activities in India. Find Tour and Travel Agencies in Delhi. Tours and Travels in Delhi. Top 20 Tour and Travel services Agencies in Delhi NCR. Who We Are healthcare nt sickcare Pune: [removed]. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Jalandhar. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Orthopaedic Implants Services: [removed]. abill Services: [removed]. Vijaypat Singhania sacked as Raymond chairmanemeritus.. Looking for premier digital marketing service providers in Delhi India: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Tapping sunshine Tata Power aims to grow solar rooftop business fourtimes in four years The Financial Express. BSNL Broadband Speed Fix: [removed]. Apply Rental Agreement Online. Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in ChandigarhGrotal. Apple iPad Service Center in Chandigarh. Commercial Solar Power Company India ADIRA Solar India. Sandeep Bakshi as ICICI Bank MD CEO approves by RBI. Apple IPhone Service Center in Chandigarh. Apple service center in Sector 34A 70 32D 35 35B. Water Fountain Contractors in Jalandhar. Laminated Sheet Manufacturers in Bangalore. digital marketing company in delhi. India Solid State Drive SSD Market 201720236Wresearch. Mumbaikars Who Dont Want To Travel And Sit Through Traffic Jams Home Delivery Of Alcohol Might Be Coming Soon. Hadoop Training in Noida. Grab Plus Size Jeans at an Affordable Price. Adrenal Function Test Adrenal Tests Cortisol Test ACTH Test DHEAS Test. Automatic On Off Switch Dealers in Roorkee Grotal. Automatic Street Light Sensor Switches in Roorkee Grotal. Smart Sensor Switches in Roorkee Grotal.com. Best Canopies. standees promotional gift and outdoor promotion. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Top 20 microwave sensors providers in Roorkee Grotal. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Rs 15000 crore in 5 days Amazon Flipkart clock record numbers during festive sales. Indian TEZ which has become Google Pay now is the best app for doing any transaction no tension of kyc. Sharing my link below to download and make your first transaction by putting my referral code to anyone family members friends between 1rs to your wish to earn rewards. Heres my code l86uI. How can we grow an app organically What are the different platforms where we can promote an app for free: Hi there As a community manager for a small Fintech startup I have been asked to grow the business of an android app organically. While the company has money to spend on FB ads they are equally curious to know what could be other sources or product directories where we can list our app and get organic installs. If anyone has ever done similar stuff in their organisations please suggest me some ideas. Thank you. MG Motor To Launch Electric SUV In India By 2020. What are the various Formatting options available in Excel: We can have a look at the various formatting options available in Excel by selecting a cell that contains a number and from thereon heading towards the Number formatting dropdown on the Home ribbon tab ampx200B https//i.redd.it/kgtwjll7mds11.jpg ampx200B ltstronggtFollowing are the most used formatting options that are available in Excellt/stronggt ampx200B Number. Excel would format your input as a generic number with commas inbetween the thousands digits. Currency. Excel would format your input with a currency sign in front of it and two trailing digits after the decimal point. Accounting. Similar as the Currency format but currency sign will align to the lefthand side of the cell. Date. Excel would format the given input as a date. Note that dates in the Excel are displayed as numerical quantities. Time. Excel would format the given input as a date or time. Times are also displayed as numerical quantities in the Excel. ampx200B Percentage. Excel would format the given input as a Percentage. Like an input of 0.76 will be read as 76. It is important to note that the number formatting will not actually change the cell values in Excel. The number 2 formatted as a ampx200B Currency Accounting Or Even percentage will not change its actual value it will be still stored as the numerical quantity 2 in Excel. ampx200B Changing decimal points ampx200B Another feature that comes handy in case of number formats in Excel is that it can be used to modify the number of trailing decimal places behind a number. Just click the Add or Remove Decimal Place Buttons on the Home section of the Ribbon ampx200B ampx200B https//i.redd.it/simnkzsimds11.jpg ltstronggtLet us try formatting our currency quantity with no decimal places to save some spacelt/stronggt ampx200B ampx200B ampx200B https//i.redd.it/2zw7t09kmds11.jpg Whenever you are working in Excel try to align the formatting of your numbers including both formatting style and the number of decimal places with the information you are trying to convey to your viewers. If a high level of specificity is required use many trailing decimal places required. If not then consider removing decimal places round to the nearest whole number. ampx200B We at BeXpert [Advanced Excel]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/advancemsexce/ offer state of the art [Advanced Excel Coaching at Home]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/advancemsexcel/. Even corporate professionals comes to us for [Advanced Excel Training in Gurgaon]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/advancemsexcel/ for the same state of the art database management education. Websete [www.bexpertadvexcel.com]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/ For Any Inquiry call us 918802329198. Unease of doing business makes 26billion US giant Flex look out of India. healthcare nt sickcare Special Offer of the month. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. How to Create and Alter Ledger in tally erp 9. Sonam Kapoors Latest Makeup Look Shows Us That She Means Business. Cretive Web Designing amp Development Company in Pune. GST Billing Software in Panipat Grotal.com. CDSE Classes in Pune with Details. Bulk Sms Service Providers in Panipat Grotal.com. Top 20 CDS Coaching Centers Institutes in Pune. Whatsapp business model.: [removed]. Bulk Sms Providers in Panipat Grotal.com. zimbaledtv: [removed]. web design company. Fuel Hike Diesel Prices Continue To Soar Status Quo For Petrol. Mastervisa card and American Express card Expire Today. Effect of NPA Non performing assets in Banking Sector Financial Control. United Kingdom Diesel Genset Market 201720236Wresearch. Piping design course. Unocoin Sets Up Indias First Bitcoin ATM in Bangalore. Cross Border Commerce Growth and Opportunities: [removed]. Book Best Hotel Manali SNOW VIEW MANALI Online Booking: [removed]. A stabilizing Indian economy driving MampA deals in India. Dr Naiya Bansal Laser Hair Removal Clinic Chandigarh Croozi. Cleanser for Oily Skin. Sending money from paytm to bank: I used to be able to send money from my paytm wallet to my bank account Paytm Payments Bank at 0 interest even though a pop up saying that they usually charge 3 on what youre sending. Ive been sending money to my account whenever friends gave me back my money through paytm wallet. Today out of nowhere they started charging me the extra fees. How come I was able to send without any interest before Why charge me all of a sudden . Coagulation Profile Coagulation Tests Purpose Conditions. Smart TV Reviews YU Yuphoria Smart LED TV vs Mi LED Smart TV 4A. Formatting cells in Excel: [removed]. best digital maketing company in delhi. Alternative KYC process to replace Aadhaar eKYC. Degree certificate attestation: [removed]. electrical design course. Cretive Web Designing amp Development Company in Pune. IKEA to invest 1000 crore in its third India store in Bengaluru to open by 2020. Opinion What worries me about the U.S. economy. Intelligent POS Software. Income is NOT Wealth. Best English speaking classes in Chandigarh Grotal. Radical Thinking On Part Of CAG The Need Of The Hour Arun Jaitley. How Realtime ERP Data Helps In Improving Business Performance. Best Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Himachal. Small Business Ideas In Hindi 5 Best Village Business Ideas 2018 Tips For Hindi. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Repair all types of home appliances like AC Washing Machine Water Purifier Water Dispenser etc.. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Know the Social Entrepreneur of the Year India 2018. Prema Gopalan wins Social Entrepreneur of the Year Award 2018. Silent Party Headphones in Delhi on Rental Hire. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Apple under fire for allegations of controversial business practices. Need some clarification on Infosys bond: [removed]. Industrial Solutions for Effitrac ERP Software. Effitrac ERP Solutions for Industrys. ALL PROBLEMS SOLUTION BY SHASTRI JI: [removed]. Major Indian Exchange Unocoin to Soon Launch Crypto ATMs. Top App Development Companies in Kuwait: Apptology provide the most cost effective pricing for the app development and any other services in the Kuwait market. We implement a rigorous method in each step of app development process from Idea feasibility to Final Appstore Push. From the app architecture to design and implementation we have a complete transparent design and we are able to implement the exact design of the clients idea and imagination. Visit Us r/http//www.apptology.com.kw/en/mobileapplicationdevelopment/ [video]koycqf7jbpr11. Book Daily Excelsior Obituary Ads With Top Agency in Jammu. Amazon sale OnePlus does Rs 400 crore business in just 36 hours. Packers and Movers List in Delhi Grotal.com. Packers and Movers in India Grotal.com. Book Now Super Deluxe Double Occupancy Rooms at Madhurima Hotel Best Hotel in Lucknow. List of top 20 Packers and Movers in DelhiGrotal.com. Premium Rooms Available at City of Nawabs Lucknow Book Now. if Your credit card not working then they deactivated from 15th october. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. mobile phone. online website for cloth. Mumbai wale work harder than Delhi wale by 33. MAKE 4 BTC PER MONTH RUNNING CRYPTOTAB MINER EASY TO USE: r/https//get.cryptobrowser.site/2226451. MAKE 1 BTC PER MONTH USING THIS VIDEO:  r/https//youtu.be/evdSHx9sJo. Using the Paste Special Command in Excel: [removed]. Fixed deposits investment in India in Hindi. Shri Amar Nath Shroff The Founder of Alcove Realty. Water Fountain Contractors in Jalandhar. Karti Chidambaram Reacts On Twitter After ED Attaches Property Worth Rs 54 Cr In Spain UK. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Russian Language Lessons in Chennai. Water Fountain Contractors in Jalandhar. Russian Language Institutes in Chennai. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Water Fountain Nozzle Lights in Amritsar. Latest bank FD rates What ICICI Bank HDFC Bank Yes Bank and Axis Bank offer. The Indian Government is Considering to Launch Its Own Cryptocurrency to Avoid Citizens Using Bitcoin. Release Obituary ads in Daily Excelsior Instantly with Bookadsnow. Rupee Fall Continues Now Sinks To A New Low Rs 74.45 Against The US Dollar. Stock market crash erodes over Rs 3 lakh crore from investor wealth. Russian Language Classes in Chennai. CAR MODIFATION WORK IN KOCHI: [removed]. Bill Discounting Platform. ECommerce Web Designing Service in India. India LED Lighting Market 201720236Wresearch. Lifting Safety Courses in Jamshedpur Grotal.com. Scaffolding Safety Courses in Jamshedpur Grotal.com. Construction Safety Management Diploma Courses in Jamshedpur Grotal.com. Excavation Safety Courses in Jamshedpur Grotal.com. Heavy Equipment Operation Safety Courses in Jamshedpur. Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Jamshedpur Grotal. Fire and Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Jamshedpur. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Get A custom Trade Show Displays for Exhibitions. Windfall for engineers as IT salaries shoot up. Major Indian Exchange Unocoin Launching Crypto ATMs. Best Web Designing Service Rohit Becks: [removed]. Regarding GBP/INR: Over the last month or so GBP has increased by 1/10th of its value against Rupee. ampx200B I know with Brexit talks looming GBP is expected to be volatile but I dont think it should affect GBP/INR so much anyway. ampx200B INR has been quite stable against USD and EUR but has been fluctuating alot against GBP. ampx200B In August18 \\1 GBP 87 INR\\ In Sep18 \\1 GBP 96 INR\\ In Oct 18 \\1 GBP has almost reached 100 INR\\ ampx200B What could be the reason as I havent noticed this much freefalll in any currency pairing with INR. It just doesnt make sense. ampx200B While everyone is talking about USD pairing INR is pretty much struggling against every other currency and worse in some cases.. After strangling bitcoin India may launch its own cryptocurrency. TV Unit Review Micromax Yu Yuphoria Smart LED TV Best 40 inch TV 4K in Budget. Study in Australia with IELTS 5.5 Band Australian Student Visa with 5.5 Bands. Sony Network Warned Tata Sky of blocking 32 Sony Entertainment live Channels. Flats for Sale Near Tollygunge Metro Alcove Tower 5. Best Wordpress Website Makers in India. General Safety Courses in Ranchi. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Fire and Industrial Safety Management Diploma in Ranchi Grotal. The Maharajas Woes Crisis Hit Air India Awaits Rs 500 Cr Loans Bids Deadline Now October 31. IoT Helping Banks Secure and Optimize Their ATMs GizmoSupport. Lead Auditor Courses in Ranchi. Chemical Handling and Storage Safety Courses in Ranchi. Oil And Gas Safety Courses in Ranchi. Immaculately printed BOOKLETS to help showcase amp promote your business choose from varied options and avail our prompt services. Best IELTS Coaching in Chandigarh Guaranteed 8Band. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Surgical Instruments: [removed]. Amazon Great Indian Festival Sale Top Tech and Gadget Deals Every Tech Lover Must Go For. IT Infrastructure Services: [removed]. Book Divya Bhaskar Advertisement Online at Lowest Rate. Pay tax get rewards from the government:  The government is looking to put in place an incentive programme to reward and recognise honest taxpayers to encourage a culture of compliance. A committee has been set up under Central Board of Direct Taxes CBDT to draw up the scheme. priority checkin at the airport passports on priority dedicated toll lanes airport lounge access these are some of the rewards that could be offered to exemplary taxpayers. [et]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/66127645.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. Flipkart Big Billion Days 2018 Sale Offers List 10 14 October 2018 Khojdeal. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. As users dip data drives growth in Indias telecom sector. With new Santro Hyundai vs Maruti Suzuki comes full circle. Amazon Great Indian Festival brings crazy deals with it this time StuffDigest. Ecommerce to grow at CAGR of 30 during 201621. Sauna Manufacturers in Punjab. Top 5 Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Helping HandsGrotal.com. OHSAS 18001 Lead Auditor Training in Ranchi. Why you need a Serviced Office in Delhi. Best M Com Coaching in Delhi with contact details Grotal. Best M Com Entrance Exams Coaching in DelhiGrotal. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Divorce Lawyers in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Effect of NPA Non performing assets in Banking Sector. Advertise in Aastha with Bookadsnow at lowest rates. Top 5 Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in ChandigarhGrotal.com. Packers and Movers Chandigarh: [removed]. java training in jayanagar. Rupee Hits Lifetime Low Of 74.27 Against US Dollar. IMF World Economic Outlook Report Indias Growth To Be 7.3 Percent In 2018 7.4 Percent Next Year. Offers on services of Packers and Movers in Chandigarh: [removed]. Water Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Water Fountain Nozzle Lights in Amritsar Home amp Land Shapers Medium. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. GENESIS MANAGEMENT amp MARKET RESEARCH PVT. LTD.: [removed]. Starting a Nidhi Company in India Register Nidhi Company Online Nidhi Company Registration Process. Indians created the most billion dollar startups in the US of all immigrants through 2016. Why Netflix and Virgin Records have more in common than you think. Alphabetisation in Excel Its Definition and What are its Advantages: [removed]. How to Freeze Panes in Excel:  Freezing panes in Excel Excel has an extremely interactive UI that makes viewing spreadsheet easy like zooming and freezing panes. In this blog we will learn how to use these features and how they help us navigate through our sheets. Zooming in and out Excel sheets sometimes contain a lot of data and an ability to zoom in and out comes in handy. For data magnification or so that more data comes fits on the screen. Excel has this feature inbuilt Websete [www.bexpertadvexcel.com]https//www.bexpertadvexcel.com For Any Inquiry call us 918802329198. Tax audit due date for ay 201819 extended. Apartments for Sale Developed by Alcove Realty. Voting pads interacting Audience Response System on rent in Pune Grotal. Top 5 Packers and Movers in Chandigarh Helping HandsGrotal.com. Best Dealers of Swimming Pool in Himachal. Make Encumbrance Certificate Online and get it delivered at your Doorstep. CAT Coaching Institutes in Bathinda: [removed]. Apartments for Sale in Kolkata developed by Alcove Realty. Dell laptop service in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Dell laptop repair in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Dell laptop service center in Chandigarh Grotal.com. CAT Coaching Centers in Bathinda. 10 Best CAT Coaching Centers in Bathinda with Details. India had the 5th fastest growing super rich population in the world 20122017. best digital marketing services in canada: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Thriving Sanitation Economy in India. Best Budget Hotel in Manali Snow View Room Booking: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Stocks In Focus On October 8 2018 Investelite Research:  [Here Are Stocks That Are In The News Today]https//www.investelite.in/blog/stocksinfocusonoctober82018investeliteresearch/ Results Today Tata Elxsi SRK Industries Welcure Drugs Listing Aavas Financiers. [serious] VAadhaar denied how is this even legal: Government introduced this concept of VAadhaar or virtual aadhaar to allow users to authenticate with vendors without sharing their aadhaar number. VAadhaar is a longer number than the original aadhaar. Thats great but \\\I cant find a single vendor who accepts it\\\\. ampx200B Banks and telcos only accept original Aadhaar number PayTM wants the original Aadhaar number even Amazon will only accept original Aadhaar number. ampx200B Firstly how is this legal It beats the purpose of having a VAadhaar system. Secondly have you guys run into any services which accept vaadhaar. Dreamshares11: [removed]. GUYS YOU CAN MAKE 5 BTC PER MONTH USING THIS METHOD USE LINK HERE: [removed]. Godowns to warehouses shift in Indian Supply Chain Industry Xplent. Qualcomm To Setup Rs 3000 Crore Hyderabad Campus Largest Outside US. Offset Printing Press in Amritsar Brochure Printing in Amritsar: [removed]. Need successful startup pitch decks for reference. Any good resources available: I am working on developing a pitch deck to meet potential partners for my startup. Looking for some good quality pitch decks from successful startups. Please share any links or resources where I can find some. Tips to make a successful deck also would be welcome. . Leading PCB Manufacturer In India: [removed]. Flipkart Festive Season Pick Your Favourite Mobiles As Firms Slash Prices Up To 62 Percent. Fly Ash Bricks Machine and Concrete Brick Making Machine: [removed]. Pakora seller surrenders 60 lakh to IT department. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Best MS Project Training in Ahmedabad with contact detailsGrotal. NDA Coaching Classes in Chandigarh. Top 20 Oet Language Test Coaching institutes in LudhianaGrotal. IAS Coaching Institutes in Amritsar. Top 100 Tata Ace Dealers Tata Commercial vehicle Dealers in Delhi. Top 20 OET Exam Training institutes in Ludhiana Grotal. List of Top 20 OET English Courses for Nurses in LudhianaGrotal. Top 20 OET Training centers in Jalandhar online/offline classesGrotal. TATA Ace Cng Bs4 Dealers in Delhi. Tata Ace Chota Hathi in Delhi. Tata Ace Gold Mini Truck in Delhi. Tata ACE Chota Hathi Price in Delhi. P Chidambaram Terms Rs 2.50 Cut In Petrol And Diesel Prices As Tokenism. SEOSMOPPC Services Company Ludhiana Digital Marketing Company Pitamaas. India to keep buying Iranian oil despite US sanctions reports. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. India had 8 Regional Finalist teams in 2018 how many will there be this year 2019 Ideas for Action Competition is Now Accepting Applications. Twin Tower Residential Complex near EM Bypass Kolkata. 8 Successful Indian Family Businesses Running Over A Century. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Heres To The Crazy Crypto People. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Silent Party Headphones in Mumbai on Rent Best Price Guarantee. Silent Dandiya headphones in Mumbai Grotal. Make Navratri special with Silent Garba headphones in Mumbai. SEO amp SMO Services Olio Solutions. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Unique And Professional Logo Design For Brand Identity Pitamaas. RBI rate hike India funds raise cash on bets RBI will turn hawkish on policy. Best Criminal defense Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in ChandigarhGrotal. Chanda Kochhar Resigns From ICICI Bank With Immediate Effect Enquiry To Remain Unaffected. IELTS Centers in Bathinda. Uber to strengthen tech team expand Indian operations. Cheapest hotel in Manali SNOW VIEW Book now. IELTS Training in Bathinda. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. IELTS Coaching Institutes in Bathinda. IELTS Courses in Bathinda. 5 Best Criminal Lawyers amp Legal Advisors in ChandigarhGrotal. IELTS Coaching in Bathinda. Can A Government Employee Start is Own Business Without Losing His Job: [removed]. Launching of Professional Price Action trading course. Apartments are Ready for Sale in Kolkata [Submit Your Query]. AC Apartments in Tollygunge near Kudghat Metro [Book Now]. Avail Lowcost Packers amp Movers Services in Coimbatore Exclusively: [removed]. Sauna Manufacturers in Punjab Rex Gym amp Sauna Steam Manufacturer in Jalandhar Medium. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Best Wordpress Website Makers in India. Bank Coaching Classes in Bathinda. Bank Coaching Institutes in Bathinda. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best Bank Coaching Centers in Bathinda Punjab. Lessons of life inspired by Mark Zuckerberg. Bank PO Coaching in Bathinda. Indian Government Websites Hacked For Unauthorized Crypto Mining. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. 4th October 2018 The Hindu Daily Current Affairs Current Affairs Railways Bank SSC . Choose the Right Shows to Advertise in Aaj Tak.. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Vegetable Seeds Online Vegetable Seeds India Indian Vegetable Seeds Online Exporters: [removed]. Best Dealers of Swimming Pool in Himachal. Mukesh Ambani. How much a house costs in Bengaluru. Amazon invests 590 crore in payments arm to take on Paytm Google Pay.. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Japan Agency Funding Bullet Train Project Ready To Meet Farmers Lawyer. Ericsson petitions Supreme Court to prevent Anil Ambani from leaving India over pending dues. Help Needed Registering Koinex Account: Could someone please help me with registering a new account on Koinex They require an Indian phone number for the one time password. [https//koinex.in/register]https//koinex.in/register Thank you in advance.. Top 20 Bank Coaching Centers in Phagwara Grotal.com. Top 20 Bank Exam Coaching Center in Phagwara Grotal.com. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. IAS Entrance Exams Coaching in Amritsar. Rupee Falls Again This Time Hits A Damaging Low Of Rs 73.34 Against The U S Dollar. IAS Coaching in Amritsar. IAS Coaching Institutes in Amritsar. Decoding the fall of ILampFS. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Some ousted ILampFS board members blame LIC inaction. Reliance Industries Limited Initiate Talks With Hathway Broadband for Acquisition: [removed].  Mutual Funds 7 Reasons To Invest In Mutual Funds.. Ericsson petitions Supreme Court to prevent Anil Ambani from leaving India over pending dues.. Cyber Security Services: [removed]. General Instrument Supplier: [removed]. ClassII Digital Signature with Encryption combo. Top 20 Best Bank PO Coaching Centers in Phagwara. Content Marketing Services SanBrains. Mahindras tractor sales drop 18 in September 18. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Income Tax Act 1961 benefit of Deduction U/s 80TTA Rs.10000. Tatasky removes Sony India today channels over pricing issue.. Credit vs Debit card for international travel: Singapore specifically. I have debit and credit card from SBI and which one should I prefer for the payments I know there are charges for transaction and currency conversion Which one works out to be better Thank You. . Gujarat business man gifts Mercedes Benz to workers. Mitrooo. What are the benefits of using Excel: [removed]. JOB IN JHANSI: [removed]. GREAT JOB IN JHANSI: [removed]. VIRTUOUS JOB IN JHANSI: [removed]. SKT JOBS OPEN IN JHANSI: [removed]. Budget Shopping Online at The 199 Store: [removed]. MMA Monomer: [removed]. Income Tax Act 1961 Deduction U/s 80D Mediclaim Policy.. Indian Exchange Bitbns Offers Helping Hand to Former Zebpay Users. This is really awesome.  6 Income Tax refund request online.. Need help to claim back 9000 taken as TDS in a competition: I am a student who participated in a programming contest held in Bangalore conducted by an Indian company and won 30000 I received an amount with 30 deducted at TDS i.e. 21000 in my bank account . Since I am a student and this was my only income source for the whole year and also the contest was more of an actual product which I developed for the company I believe I can claim the whole deducted amount of 9000. Can anyone please post a quick guide on how to approach this Thanks. HAL records highestever turnover amid questions over its capability ANI. Alcove Tower 5 to Book 3 amp 4 BHK Flats in Tollygunge. Xiaomi Prevails over Samsung in India. Co living furnished Flats for Rent in Gachibowli Manikonda Financial District Hyderabad. Co living Bachelor Rooms for Rent in Gachibowli Manikonda Financial District Hyderabad. Solar Panel Solar Inverter Solar Water Heater Supplier. SERVO VOLTAGE STABILIZERS MANUFACTURERS amp SUPPLIERS IN HYDERABAD WARANGAL TELANGANA DELTEK POWERLINES. BIKE REPAIR SERVICE CENTER IN JUBILEE HILLS HYDERABAD AUTOSHED. Nirav Modi In Trouble ED Attaches Assets Worth Rs 637 Cr In Five Countries. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. SEO Expert India: [removed]. MULTI BRAND CAR SERVICE CENTER IN JUBILEE HILLS HYDERABAD AUTOSHED. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Struggle Free Business Through Your Own Website : [removed]. RBI data on Public Sector Banks In four years banks writeoff over seven times recovery. India Elevator amp Escalator Market 201720236Wresearch: [removed]. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Jalandhar. 5 Tips for young entrepreneurs. What is Ayushman Bharat Yojana full information. Anybody invested in stock markets : Market is crashing as if we are witnessing a recession. What strategy are you following How much you lost till now ampx200B \fcukModiGovtPolicies ampx200B. SBI cuts daily ATM cash withdrawal limit to Rs 20000 a day from Rs 40000 effective from Oct 31. Price of nonsubsidized LPG in Delhi will increase by Rs 59 from Oct 1. No Blockchain Research Unit Indias Central Bank. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Some people need extra motivation than others on monday amp you dont have to be like them. Be a rebel amp have a great day. Work hard amp be proud of what you achieve. Tag a friend who gets motivation from others. EPC Software Effitrac Solutions Coimbatore India. SBI halves daily ATM cash withdrawal limit to Rs 20000. Amazon to offer branding marketing to small sellers. CBI books Hyderabad firm for cheating banks of Rs 1700 crore. Oil marketing companies again increase fuel prices. Amazons Plan to Reach 500 Million Indians Speak Their Language The New York Times. Wow Indian startups Level playing field a must else we will have few Indian cos in next 510 years MakeMyTrip founder Deep Kalra. Amritsar to Delhi taxi. An amazing offer Flipkart : [removed]. How movie trailers became the marketing tool that could make or break a films opening collections. How a WhatsApp message destroyed Infibeam Avenuess market value by 71. Bulk SMS Service the Fastest Methods of Communication. Agreement To Sell Registration For the Protection of Immovable Property: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Indias best free advertisement platform for all the services: Place your ads free on cliqrr and get business leads and connect directly with users. You can place ads with your own category like hotel restaurants business travel home service personal services bus car pet wine etc.. SKT AGRO JOB IN JHANSI: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. What Is Vaastu Shastra.  6 . Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. AWS online training: [removed]. 2 Good Ways To Reduce Your Existing Home Loan Interest Burden. Types of Digital Signature At NetCreativeMind. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Sued by Starbucks SardarBuksh changes name to SardarjiBakhsh. Default Shock in India Sees Firms Pulling Most Bonds in Decade. What are the benefits of using Excel: [removed]. [Hiring] Complete Online Surveys and Give Feedback to Earn Money: [removed]. Zebpay to close its business. Indias Zebpay Shuts Down Exchange Activities Bitcoin News. Alcove Realty Changes Scenario of Kolkata Real Estate HOW. Book 2 BHK Flats in Topsia near EM Bypass Kolkata. Pitamaas Professional Logo Designing Company Ludhiana. EvolverTech Best Website Designing Company in India. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. RBI bars Bandhan Bank from opening new branches freezes CEOs compensation.. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers india. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Best Swimming Pool Manufacturers in Amritsar. Top 100 Tata Ace Dealers Tata Commercial vehicle Dealers in Delhi. Trade War Initially Created Instability But Eventually May Open Up Greater Markets Arun Jaitley. NCR Best Imported Car Service Center in Gurgaon Car Repair. Cab Service in Gurgaon NCR. Zebpay Major Indian Bitcoin Exchange Shuts Down Due to Banking Freeze. jobs in jhansi: [removed]. Car Denting in Gurgaon NCR. 8104115969 Refrigerator Washing Machine AC Repair Services in Mumbai and Thane. IELTS Coaching Classes in Rajkot. Microwave Repair in Faridabad. Here are some tips to renovate your home without overshooting the budget :  Giving your living space a fresh perspective without losing its primary character is the true essence of renovating a home. When you arrive at a well thought out decision to renovate your old 3BHK villa or a compact 2BHK apartment the challenges lie in refraining from cramming your home up with ideas that have been breeding in your head for the past many years. The problem begins with an overflow of concepts that hit you hard when the budget laid out for your renovation is entirely busted. One of the top priorities while renovating your apartment or independent home should be sticking to your budget from the start. Making the wrong choices between quality and costs could leave you with a fat bill that youre not prepared for. Here are some essential tips that will help you deal with the renovation costs of your home a lot more diligently. Whether you are renovating your apartment now or thinking of redoing your villa sometime in the future its always good to be prepared. Be realistic from the start More than often people make unrealistic claims while renovating their 2BHK or 3BHK apartment or villa. They usually make the mistake of deciding on a budget that is too low and agrees upon to carry forward work by themselves to furnish their home. Once theyre unable to stick to these promises they set themselves up for sizable overages. The best thing to do is to be absolutely realistic about how far youre willing to spend or save or renovate your home. Ambitious decisions that dont fit the bill will result in an extremely inflated initial budget. The only way out is to work your budget out with a middleoftheroad estimate rather than choosing the most affordable or cheapest one. It is essential to remember that the entire point of having a budget is to be prepared. Realistic figures will always help you decide on whats too expensive or how to raise the bar for the quality of the products you choose. Do your research well Whether youre renovating it is extremely important to have a crystal clear picture of what you have in mind. The only way to achieve this is to do your homework well and to get enough information on the specifications. The more specific you are about your details the easier it is for your contractor workers or interior designers to achieve your vision. The vaguer you become about your concepts the more liberty they have in hand to increase costs which will cause a huge variation between your initial estimate and the labour costs or fees. Raise the bar for efficiency More than often people overlook the ability to increase the efficiency of space in their 2BHK or 3BHK apartment or villa while planning for a renovation. It is always important to consider reorganizing your room and to make the most of the existing space. This can easily be achieved by replacing space in underutilized shelves with cabinets or pullout drawers which can help increase the storage capacity as well. Consider the less expensive alternative Most of the elements in your spacious apartment or house that you think needs a makeover can easily be achieved by choosing the less expensive alternative. For eg. if you want more light to enter the living room of your luxurious apartments or villas instead of breaking a wall to make a window it is always better to consider the less expensive alternatives for capturing light. To brighten a windowless hallway you can easily install a light tube which slips between roof rafters and funnels sunshine down into the living space. Consider DIYs Giving your home a makeover doesnt always have to involve buying brand new elements for your home. DoItYourself ideas that storm the internet will give you enough ideas of how to reap big savings with recycled or lightly used fixtures and building materials. You will be extremely surprised to know how you can redo an old piece of furniture into something extremely useful like a shoe rack or a clothes hanger. Never underestimate what you can do by yourself. It not just cuts costs but also adds a personal touch to your newly done up apartment or villa. Make every penny count The best way to save up on a lot of expenses is either by handling your own demolition or by doing some of the finishing works yourself. If you want to save money you must get off that couch and get ready for some action Instead of employing a worker to pick up sawdust off the floor put that money into trimming the window properly. Stick to the plan Once the renovation work of your 3 BHK apartment or villa has kickstarted refrain yourself from adding on to your todo list. Because lets face it well never be satisfied. So instead of adding up your costs and pushing your budget further ahead it is always important to stick to the plan you have in place and to make it work well. Wavering wishlists and sudden change in plans will only overshoot the budget Plan for the unexpected Even if youre planning a tightly budgeted remodelling it is important to always leave enough room to cover unexpected expenses. Sometimes while renovating your old apartment o home you will come across a maintenance issue that needs to be taken care of and sometimes it really is worth the cost of changing your vision along the way. It is extremely important to plan for these costs looking ahead into the future so that youre not shocked when they crop up. If at some point you feel that your current budget set aside for renovation isnt enough to cover the amount for unexpected expenses it is important to take more time to save or scale back the project. Renovation of your home requires efficient financial planning and it becomes quintessential to not exceed your initial budget as it could lead to questioning your decision in the first place. If youre looking out to buy a new 2 BHK or 3 BHK [apartments in Kerala ]https//www.kalyandevelopers.com/instead of renovating your existing home associated with one of the most trusted [builders in Kerala]https//www.kalyandevelopers.com/\ Kalyan Developers and own a brand new home in a prime locality in Trivandrum Calicut Thrissur Kottayam and Kochi.. AC Repair in Faridabad. Refrigerator Repair Services in Faridabad Fridge Repair Services. Silent disco headphones in Delhi Grotal.com. IVF Treatment in Ludhiana. Qualcomm alleges Apple of stealing its chips source code: [removed]. Top 20 Authorised Acer Service Center in ChandigarhGrotal. Debunking Myths Associated with Plastic Packaging Bags in Kolkata. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Jalandhar Sandeep Fountains Medium. Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana. Zebpay cryptocurrency exchange recent announcement about exchange business. Apple Service Center in Chandigarh. Why You Should Advertise on Star Utsav With Bookadsnow. Top 20 Acer laptop repair center in ChandigarhGrotal. 10 Best Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi India. Top 10 Anchoring Classes and Courses in Bangalore. Top 20 Acer laptop service center in ChandigarhGrotal. Top 20 Acer service center in Chandigarh with contact details Grotal. Stocks that have lost more than 20 this month.. Murder to be treated as accidental death for insurance claim NCDRC. How an INDIAN can invest in US stock market NYSE/NASDAQ using mobile app . Indias IMPS rated best payments service in the world. Warren Buffetts Berkshire Hathaway closes 300 million investment in Paytm.. Advanced Excel Training in Gurgaon:  BeXpert is a brainchild of Mr. Gautam Kumar A Professional Grade Trainer for MSExcel and VBA. We are the Gurgaons leading educational center offering Specialisation courses in [Advanced Excel]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/advancemsexcel/ and [VBA Macros]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/vbamacros/. Our Educational Centers portfolio includes [Advanced Excel]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/advancemsexcel/ amp [VBA training]http//www.bexpertadvexcel.com/vbamacros/ for both Individual and Corporates through Corporate Training Programmes. The secret behind our success lies in our ability to groom our students in the Excel and VBA so that they can use it without any discomfort whether the use is personal or professional in nature. . Lamborghini sees India in top 10 markets in 5yr.. Black Magic Experts in Chennai Grotal.com. Love Vashikaran Specialist in Chennai Grotal.com. Alluring Format to Boom Business Opportunity Conversion from Readers to Leads. Vashikaran Specialist in Bangalore. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Tender Notice Ad 101 All You Need To Know About Tender Notice Ads. Top Love Vashikaran Specialists on Grotal of Bangalore. Best online platform to invest in share market: Hello r/India I want to start investing in share market but am a noob in how to invest. I just know we need a demat account for that but how to buy sell etc. Which is the most easy and safe way online and also which offers low brokerage. Kala Jadu Specialists in Chennai Grotal.com. Noida Metro to get its financials audited by CAG.... Book Advertisements in the Hindu Newspaper at the Lowest Cost. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Railway ALP Second Stage Exam Link Activated: [removed]. Find the list of top 20 Vashikaran Specialists in Bangalore. How to Become Rich 9 Proven Way to Get Rich Fast Displaybuzz. Alluring Format with Higher Visibility to Increase Business Products and Services.: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. women wanders: Women Wanders specializes in small group tours and independent vacations to over 50 worldwide destinations featuring unbeatable prices with unparalleled comfort. Our tour packages are customcrafted to deliver unique experiences and we consistently offer exceptional value to our guests. Our expert Travel Planners take care of all the details of your itinerary so all you need to do is relax and enjoy your vacation. . How 24yearold Ritesh Agarwal built Oyo into a 5 billion startup in just 5 years. Curbs on use of Aadhaar data a blow to fintech firms and payment banks. Bech De Kharid Le: [removed]. Bangalore: [removed]. Having a Startup/Startup idea Startupindia: Having a Startup Startup Idea or a Business. StartupIndia [https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdfWSTCFPwfIGe0AhYKFJTozQkmnjzEEcRo\1o0c7M6qNrvA/viewformuspsf\link]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdfWSTCFPwfIGe0AhYKFJTozQkmnjzEEcRo1o0c7M6qNrvA/viewformuspsflink ampx200B Entrepreneurs and startup founders the required resource of an expert mentor which is otherwise difficult to find and benefit for over a sustained period of time. Several One Off mentoring opportunities are available but not when you want and for however long period you want. An entrepreneurs life is extreme and erratic. Frequently entrepreneurs and startups in nascent stage are faced with numerous questions and challenges. Against this circumstances having a Mentor in your business can benefit enormously from both our experience and your ideas ampx200B. Having a Startup/Startup idea Startupindia: Having a Startup Startup Idea or a Business. StartupIndia [https//goo.gl/forms/FZmpbtwwFAfqgYzg2]https//goo.gl/forms/FZmpbtwwFAfqgYzg2 ampx200B We provide entrepreneurs and startup founders the required resource of an expert mentor which is otherwise difficult to find and benefit for over a sustained period of time. Several One Off mentoring opportunities are available but not when you want and for however long period you want. An entrepreneurs life is extreme and erratic. Frequently entrepreneurs and startups in nascent stage are faced with numerous questions and challenges. Against this circumstances having a Mentor in your business can benefit enormously from both our experience and your ideas. Government hikes customs duty on 19 items to curb widening CAD The Economic Times. UP Prove yourself a hygienechampion become DM for a day. Reliances Mukesh Ambani earned Rs 300 crore per day over last one year. List of Top Love Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai. Best IT Company in India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Scuba Diving Equipment. List of Top Love Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai. List of Vashikaran Specialists in Mumbai with Phone Number. Kala jadu specialists in HyderabadGrotal.com. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. WhatsApp joins hands with Reliance Jio to curb fake news. Over 5million offline merchants accepting UPI payments Paytm. Buy awesome products from this site. Flipkart Big Billion Days 2018 Announced Deals Offers Coupons. India Package Substation Market 201720236Wresearch. No Need For Supreme Court to Intervene in Crypto Ban RBI. Best Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Enterprise Portal Services: [removed]. Best Tour Guide System Rental in Pune with contact detailGrotal. Orthopaedic Implants Manufacture In India: [removed]. Best 2 way tour guide system in Pune with contact detailGrotal. 3 BHK Flats in Zirakpur: [removed]. Hire or buy best Wireless Tour Guide System in Pune. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Times Of India Advertisement skillfully customized in the efficient format.. Traders call nationwide strike on September 28 against WalmartFlipkart deal. Will ensure ILampFS does not collapse all options open says LIC chairman. Yes Bank to request RBI to extend Rana Kapoors term as CEO till September 2019. Investment risk for apartment/villa compared to open land in the outer area: Im a salaried employee trying to buy/invest in a property that yields good profits in future. I have been looking into lands as well as already built properties but unable to clearly distinguish what I should be going for. We are living in the city since past 2 years. Of course land could be cheaper but however IMO an apartment or villa idea is very attractive. Is it really worth buying one for 2 to 3Cr What would you have done. Reliances Mukesh Ambani earned Rs 300 crore per day over last one year The Economic Times. Online Forex Trading. Top 20 PMP certification training in Ahmedabad with contact detail Grotal. Indias budget hotel startup OYO raises 1B for international growth. Top 20 PMP Certification Institutes with contact detailsGrotal.com. Full Body Massage in Delhi. Top 20 PMP Training in Ahmedabad with contact detail Grotal. Unique and party wear kurtis style at affordable pricesGrotal. Top 20 Placement Consultants in Indore with contact detailsGrotal. Best Website Designing Services in Hisar with contact details Grotal. Aquaguard Water Purifiers in Indore. Can anyone explain the ILampFS crisis thats going on : As the title suggests...what are the consequences on MFs..and other sectors . Indias budget hotel startup OYO raises 1B for international growth: This is a great moment for Indian startups Oyo has a very unique business model which is very much marketable globally. While Flipkart etc. are great there was little hope about them scaling internationally. Oyo is believe will be one of the foremost Indian startups which will have an international presence. A 5 billion valuation that is super good ampx200B What do you guys think Is there any other Indian startup that you think has better chance. Tours and Travels in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Vijay Mallya Fires Fresh Salvo ED Rejected Offers To Repay An NRI And No Economic Offender. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. OET Test Coaching in Jalandhar Grotal.com. Bulk SMS Reseller Can Bring More Business In Your Company In India: [removed]. Get List of Skilled Black Magic Specialists in Delhi. Bodyguard Services in Surat. OET Test Coaching in Jalandhar Grotal. NDA Coaching Institutes in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Inshorts A Rs.600 Crore Company with just 60 words. Conference Interpretation Equipment in Mumbai. Reputed OET Exam Coaching Centers in Jalandhar OET Training Institute. E Commerce Website Development in Panchkula. Top 20 SSC coaching institutes in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Best Criminal lawyers in FaridabadCriminal Advocates Legal Advisor. Best Railway Exams Coaching Centres in ChandigarhGrotal.com. The State Of Recharge Portals In India: [removed]. Hair and Salon in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Wireless Audio Guide Systems on Rent in Mumbai. 2 Way Tour Guide in Mumbai Two Way Tour Guide System. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Startup Street Why Oyo Is The Most SoughtAfter Startup Workplace.  891 . 3D Animation Course in bangalore start your career in film making industry: [removed]. Stainless Steel 304 Buttweld Fitting Supplier in Mumbai: [removed]. Stainless Steel Grade 310 Sheet in India: [removed]. Rs 15 lakhs Accident insurance compulsory with all vehicles know how much the annual premium will be. ILampFS Somebody has to catch this falling knife soon. Home Tutors in Ludhiana. If you are going to buy a second hand car check out these documents to avoid fraud. AutoCAD Training Institutes in Chandigarh. AutoCAD Courses in Ludhiana. UNWRAPPING HAPPINESS. No Relief In Sight For Aam Aadmi Petrol Now Touches Rs 90 In Mumbai. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Aluminium Plate in India: [removed]. Nitin Sandesara Gujarati Businessman Flees To Nigeria After Committing Fraud Of Rs 5000 Crore. AutoCAD Courses in Ludhiana. Ss 316 Sheet in India: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Indian Authorities has Round up Worth upto 60 Million Scammer Properties. Ss Plate Grade 304 in India: [removed]. Choosing the Most Reliable Customs Clearing Agents Helpful Tips. Importer And Exporter Of Fasteners in India: [removed]. Apple Authorised Service Center Koramangla in Bangalore Grotal.com. Rs 5000 cr bank fraud Nitin Sandesara family may have fled to Nigeria Times of India . IPhone Service Centre Koramangala in Bangalore Grotal.com. Apple Service Center Koramangla in Bangalore Grotal.com. Apple MacBook Service Center in Bangalore Grotal.com. Mega bank mergers and the future of reforms. Apple iPod Service Center in Bangalore. List of Apple iPhone Service Center in Bangalore Grotal.com. pujanpujari Pitru Paksha season offers for you. Rs 5000 Crore Bank Fraud Has Gujarat Pharma Tycoon Nitin Sandesara Fled to Nigeria. Apple service centre in Bangalore Grotal.com. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. ONGC Videsh slapped with 7666 crore service tax demand.. KoinKnight Ultrafast Cryptocurrency Arbitrage Engine. Important Things That Every One Should Know About Personal Accident Insurance Policy. Delhi PNB employee son held over Rs 7.5cr loan fraud. How stocks are categorized based on Capital: What are Blue Chips A blue chip is a nationally recognized wellestablished and financially sound company. Blue chip companies are known to weather downturns and operate profitably in the face of adverse economic conditions which helps to contribute to their long record of stable and reliable growth. A blue\chip stock is the stock of a large wellestablished and financially sound company that has operated for many years. A blue\chip stock typically has a market capitalization in the billions is generally the market leader or among the top three companies in its sector and is more often than not a household name. Blue chips generally sell highquality widely accepted products and services. Blue chip companies are known to weather downturns and operate profitably in the face of adverse economic conditions which helps to contribute to their long record of stable and reliable growth. ampx200B What is market capital of a company Market capitalization market cap is the market value at a point in time of the shares outstanding of a publicly traded company being equal to the share price at that point of time times the number of shares outstanding. ampx200B What are Large Cap Stocks Large cap sometimes big cap refers to a company with a market capitalization value of more than 10 billion. Large cap is a shortened version of the term large market capitalization. Market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the number of a companys shares outstanding by its stock price per share. ampx200B What is a large cap stock in India The stocks with a market cap of Rs 10000 crore or more are large cap stocks. Company stocks with a market cap between Rs 2 crore and 10 crore are mid cap stocks and those less than Rs 2 crore market cap are small cap stocks. ampx200B What is mid cap private A mid\cap fund is a type of stock fund that invests in mid\sized companies. A companys size is determined by its market capitalization with mid\sized firms generally ranging from 2 billion to 10 billion in market cap. ampx200B What is a small cap stock The cap in small cap stocks refers to a companys capitalization as determined by the total market value of its publicly traded shares. Small cap stocks are generally defined as the stock of publicly traded companies that have a market capitalization ranging from 300 million to about 2 billion.. What is Nifty50 and Next Nifty 50: The NIFTY 50 is a diversified 50 stock index accounting for 12 sectors of the economy. It is used for a variety of purposes such as benchmarking fund portfolios index based derivatives and index funds. The NIFTY 50 is the flagship index on the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. NSE. The Index tracks the behavior of a portfolio of blue chip companies the largest and most liquid Indian securities. The NIFTY 50 covers major sectors of the Indian economy and offers investment managers exposure to the Indian market in one efficient portfolio. The Index has been trading since April 1996 and is well suited for benchmarking index funds and indexbased derivatives. NIFTY 50 is owned and managed by India Index Services and Products Ltd. IISL. IISL is Indias specialized company focused upon the index as a core product. The NIFTY 50 Index represents about 62.9 of the free float market capitalization of the stocks listed on NSE NIFTY 50 is ideal for derivatives trading. The NIFTY Next 50 Index represents 50 companies from NIFTY 100 after excluding the NIFTY 50 companies. The NIFTY Next 50 Index represents about 11.9 of the free float market capitalization of the stocks listed on NSE as on March 31 2017. The total traded value for all index constituents is approximately 15.4 of the traded value of all stocks on NSE.. RIL closes KGD6 oilfield. Do you want to sell your kidney for money: [removed]. ISO Auditing Training amp Internal Audit Certification Courses. Car insurance premium up sharply Compulsory personal accident cover hiked to Rs 15 lakh. iso certification IN Lucknow. Should Women consider health insurance plans with maternity benefits. CAG points out flaws in Nagaland Plng amp Coordination deptt.... Indian guys blog on Excel has turned so big that Microsoft has taken notice. Future star rent a car. Want to Grow Your Business: [removed]. Future star rent a car. Volatility Erupts India Rocked By Biggest Market Plunge In 4 Years. Best IT Company in India EvolverTech Medium. Google Pay Tweaks Privacy Policy After Paytms Complaint. Static Website Designing : [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. The Turbulence In The Indian Private Sector Banks Is Gathering Speed. Stop spending till completion of Biju Yuva Vahini audit CAG pulls up Odisha govt... Swimming Pool Manufacturers in Amritsar. Mukesh Ambanis Ladli Isha will be engaged in Italy today read full details here .... ShareChat Raises Its Valuation 7X With A Fresh Funding Round Of 100Mn. India Stock Market Rocked by Sudden Plunge in Financial Shares. Top 20 Lenovo Authorised Service Center in ChandigarhGrotal. Creative Agency Mumbai Olio Solutions. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Cognizance into India Automotive Radar Market and its growth prospects: [removed]. Best Bulk SMS Gateway Provider In India. quickbooks 24/7 support phone number 18444444174. How to Advertise In CNBC Awaaz With Bookadsnow. Oil imports from Iran now onward in rupees Indian goverment Business. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. BuzzGrab Your Shopping Guide. RCom to exit telecom fully to focus on real estate Anil Ambani. Google Pay sharing payment data with group companies Paytm to NPCI. Flats for Sale in Topsia Central Kolkata Flora Fountain. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Best Bulk SMS Gateway Provider In Indore India MsgClub. Top 20 Lenovo Mobile Service Center in ChandigarhGrotal. Jet Airways Passengers Bleeding On Flight Ministry Seeks DGCA Report. Top 20 Lenovo Desktop Service Center in ChandigarhGrotal. Top 20 Lenovo Laptop Repair Center in ChandigarhGrotal. RBI on tap licensing: Hello readers I am yash i just wanted to know about on tap Licensing in RBI to register a new bank. i read its documentation on internet . it says that an individual should have atleast 10 years experience but what if anyone with knowledge and not much experience wants to open the bank with proper mentoring from a business consultant how can he register his bank to RBI ampx200B ampx200B Thank you in advance. Top 20 Lenovo Computer Service Center in ChandigarhGrotal. Top 20 Lenovo Laptop Service Center in ChandigarhGrotal. Guwahati to Shillong Cabs: [removed]. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Car AC Service in Gurgaon NCR. Reserve Bank of India vs Cryptocurrencies A Complete Timeline. Worst customer service by Uber India Not paying back my own money: [removed]. List of top 20 Lenovo service center with contact details Grotal. Different types of Home Loans. Amazon runs into copyright issues over its flagship campaign Apni Dukaan. Airtel has updated its 5 plans unlimited calling with 126 GB of data available now with updated plans. Car Service in Gurgaon NCR. Car Painting in Gurgaon NCR. Car Denting in Gurgaon NCR. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Melbourne Taxi Service. Samara CapitalAmazon acquire Kumar Mangalam Birlas More supermarket chain. The story of two women entrepreneurs giving underprivileged Indian artisans an audience. 5 Traits How Alcove Realty Becomes a Top Real Estate Developer. Beyond Disruption Fashioning success in Indias luxury market TheTopTier. Apple authorised service centre in Bangalore Grotal.com. Open plots for sale at Thukkuguda: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Swimming Pool Manufacturers in Amritsar Home amp Land Shapers Medium. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Reserve Bank of India Versus Cryptos. Camping: [removed]. Vestige Business Plan. IDBI Federal Life Insurance Appoints Sachin Tendulkar As Brand Ambassador. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Book Advertising in Star Jalsha at Lowest Rates. Spinal Implants: [removed]. What is your Crude Oil target for 2018. Telecom Consultancy Services: [removed]. Latest Trends Impacting Enterprise Mobility Strategy DeviceMax. Mudra jewellery: Mudra jewellery handcrafted antique jewellery from [kalyan jewellers]https//kalyanjewellers.net now prsents the latest collection in the section at best price .Go grab the latest ornament designs on exciting offer.[\jewellery]https//plus.google.com/u/1/s/23jewellery/posts [\kalyanjewellers]https//plus.google.com/u/1/s/23kalyanjewellers/posts [\gold]https//plus.google.com/u/1/s/23gold/posts [\handcrafted]https//plus.google.com/u/1/s/23handcrafted/posts [\offers]https//plus.google.com/u/1/s/23offers/posts Processing img xdlfbqye65n11.... Newspaper Advertising Book Newspaper Advertising. Why You Should Use Reusable Cloth Sanitary Pads. Refrigerator Repair Services in Faridabad Fridge Repair Services. Interpretation Sound Proof Booths in Pune Grotal.com. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Bitcoins Why there is a case for Indian govt regulators to embrace cryptocurrency market. Hello r/India Which goods should we import from Europe to India: [removed]. Best CDS coaching institute in Dehradun with contact details Grotal. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Online gold jewellery: Buy Kalyan jewellers latest collection of [gold chains]https//kalyanjewellers.net gold bangles gold earrings gold necklaces and gold rings from most trusted online gold jewellery . CBI takes over probe of 171 million illegal fund transfers from Union Bank of India in 2016. How does merging bad banks with good ones help. Book Advertisement in Amar Ujala Newspaper at Lowest Rate. In Series Of Tweets P Chidambaram Pulls Up Government Over Its Failure To Control Fuel Prices And Curb Black Money. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Cryptos Not Valid Currency Says Indian Central Bank in Court. kalyan jewellers monthly scheme: [removed]. ikat women clothing: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. JPMorgan Rupee depriciation is a healthy correction. Bike Repair Service In Delhi: [removed]. By selling a single iPhone Apple makes whooping 43000 rupees way more than any other manufacturer. By selling a Single iPhone Apple makes whooping 43000 Rupees more than any other smartphone manufacturer. TV size vs Price. After 55 inches 138 cm price increases exponentially. [OC]. App product update of Indias leading cryptocurrency exchange Zebpay. How To Buy Bitcoin in India After RBI Ban. TechM exemployee accuses manager of discrimination. Bulk SMS services in Panchkula Grotal.com. Karnataka Petrol diesel prices slashed by Rs. 2. 10 Best Bank clerical Coaching Centers in Chandigarh Grotal.com. IELTS Coaching Classes in Rajkot. Saudi Arabia Air Conditioner Market 201820246wresearch. Stock Market Indias worldbeating stock market run is over Goldman Sachs. Hackers Using Cryptojacking Malware To Make A Fortune From Indian Govt. Websites. Stochastic Binary Option Indicator : [removed]. Micromax Reliance Jio bag 1500 crore order from Chhattisgarh govt. Mini Truck Dealers in Delhi. HDFC Bank most valuable Indian brand 5th year running Survey.. Tata Ace Gold Mini Truck in Delhi. Tata Ace Mini Truck in Delhi. TATA Ace Cng Bs4 Dealers in Delhi. Can India Afford To Cut Iranian Imports To Zero. TATA Commercial Vehicle Dealers in Delhi. Government Confident Of Maintaining Higher Growth Rate Arun Jaitley. Stainless steel wire rod SS wire manufacturers Venuswires. Just launched a Direct to Consumer mattress brand amp looking for feedback. Please remove if against the rules: [removed]. Jockey How to make millions with underwear. Tech Mahindra sacks diversity officer who mocked gay people amp called Islam a global pain. Ireo Victory Valley Flat For Sale amp Apartments Property Sector 67 Gurgaon.:  Ireo Victory Valley Distress Deals Gurgaon. If you Buy any property in gurgaon please one time call Me Abhishek 9599510134. I will Give you best price and best property for you. r/http//tooproperty.com/ireovictoryvalleyflatforsaleapartmentspropertysector67gurgaon/. Just launched a direct to consumer mattress brand and want feedback.: Hello Ive just helped launch a direct to consumer mattress brand amp would love to have feedback from the reddit community. If youre familiar with D2C mattress companies from the US then this is the same model. Were giving a 100 night trial amp 10 year warranty to back our claims of this being the perfect mattress for India. Its also more than 50 cheaper compared to traditional retail because theres no middlemen like distributors or retail overheads. Please check out the website and let me know what you think Id also love to hear all the good amp the bad. Thanks in advance . Just launched a Direct to Consumer Mattress brand amp want feedback.: Hello Ive just helped launch a direct to consumer mattress brand amp would love to have feedback from the reddit community. [Flo Mattress]www.flomattress.com If youre familiar with D2C mattress companies from the US then this is the same model. Were giving a 100 night trial amp 10 year warranty to back our claims of this being the perfect mattress for India. Its also more than 50 cheaper compared to traditional retail because theres no middlemen like distributors or retail overheads. Please check out the website and let me know what you think Id also love to hear all the good amp the bad. Thanks in advance . Foundation knowledge to invest in stock market in India:  Hello everyone I thought many of us are willing to invest in stocks or the stock market in India but are unaware where and how to begin. I am posting about the basic details ampx200B Basically we have exchanges which provide us a platform to deal in stocks. Definition of exchange Open organized marketplace where buyers and sellers negotiate prices. There are a total of 21 stock exchanges in India with the Bombay Stock Exchange BSE and the National Stock Exchange NSE being the largest. For commodities we have MCX and NCDEX Well the first step talking in India you need a demat account. Now what is that An account that holds all the shares that you purchase in electronic or dematerialized form. Basically a demat account is to your shares what a bank account is to your money. Like the bank account a demat account holds the certificates of your financial instruments like shares bonds government securities mutual funds and exchange traded funds ETFs. Now with that definition let me elaborate you need a demat account only if you are willing to deal in Shares that too taking the delivery or holding the shares for T1 day. If you want to invest in other than stock market you need a demat. BUT if you are planning only intraday or day trading you dont need a demat account. YOU NEED ONLY TRADING ACCOUNT. How to open a demat account Choose a broker on parameters brokerage charges annual charges and leverage provided. Fill up a form submit documents like PAN CARD CANCEL CHEQUE ID PROOF and INCOME PROOF BANK STATEMENT OR ITR AND INVESTMENT OR MARGIN CHEQUE. WHAT IS MARGIN AND LEVERAGE Margin is your investment amount that you are investing and leverage is the limit you get on it. Lets say you have 10000/ to invest that is your margin and leverage is limit that broker provides for trading. Like if he gives you 4 times limit that means you can make a trade where you will need a margin of 40000/ Why Because broker make commission on turnover more turnover you make in buy and sell more profit he makes. You have types of orders at trading platform or the terminal CNC Cash n Carry For delivery based equity trades. To buy stocks for CNC or for delivery 100 money required. To sell stocks as CNC stocks need to be available in holdings. MIS Margin intraday square off For intraday trades Trade using MIS for additional leverage/margin. All MIS positions autosquared off 10 to 15 minutes before close of markets or when losses exceed 50 of margin Autosquare off rule can vary based on market conditions. Upto 10 times intraday leverage for equity Upto 3 times for futures Upto 3 times for options shorting No leverage for option buying NRML Normal FampO trades For intraday/overnight FampO trades without additional leverage. Exchange stipulated margins positions taken as NRML can be held until expiry provided required margins maintained. Types of Orders Limit LMT order Place buy or sell order at a predetermined price Market MKT order Place an order to be bought or sold at the best available price. Stoploss or trigger orders SL and SLM Stoploss if placing a predetermined loss booking order at a trigger price. Trigger if using this type of order to enter a fresh buy above the current market price or sell below the current market price when the trigger price is hit. SL if limit order to be sent when trigger is hit. SLM if a market order to be sent when trigger is hit. Advanced order types Regular orders with time validity Day orders for orders to be valid till end of day selected by default. IOC Immediate or cancel for orders to be cancelled if not filled completely immediately. Bracket orders Intraday limit orders NSE NSE FampO with a target and stoploss and an optional trailing SL all placed simultaneously. Target Stoploss and Trailing SL all activated only once the original limit order executed. SL automatically cancelled if target is met and target automatically cancelled if SL is hit. Trailing SL which is optional trails the stoploss price or moves the SL price every time the scrip moves in a favourable direction by the trailing stoploss value mentioned. Cover orders Intraday market orders NSE NSE FampO Currency and MCX with a predetermined stoploss order. Similar to bracket orders higher leverage due to fixed stoploss and all positions autosquared off before market close AMO After market orders Place orders for the next trading day the previous day itself. AMO orders can be placed only during the following time duration Equity 345 PM to 859 AM Currency 345 PM to 859 AM FampO 345 PM to 910 AM MCX Anytime during the day if placed during the market hours the order will go through the next day. You can trade in equity. In equity you have 1. Cash Trading or Cash Market In this buying or selling of securities is done by providing the capital needed to fund the transaction without relying on the use of margin. Cash trading is achieved using a cash account which is a type of brokerage account that requires the investor to pay for securities within two days from when the purchase is made. 2. Derivative It is the financial market for derivatives financial instruments like futures contracts or options which are derived from shares or cash segment only. Hope it was useful to you. if it was please like and share.. Does anyone want GATE lectures: [removed]. Rising prices of petrol and diesel Get CashBack of Rs.40 daily on purchase of petrol of Rs.100. Start earning from home... Best Trading Tips. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. office equipment Manufacturers Suppliers Exporters on beldara. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Convert Your Rent Into EMI In 3 Steps.... EARN MONEY ONLINE 25 per each referall New Social Media site chatabox offers HUGE BONUS. 100 Withdrawable. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Blood Test Sample Collection Book Home Visit in New Delhi Dr. Dangs Lab Dr. Dangs Lab LLP: [removed]. RIFFLE HERA DIAMOND PENDANT: [removed]. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. RBI Ban Hearing Delayed Indian Supreme Court Too Busy for Crypto This Week Bitcoin News. Best Real Estate Developer to Offer Apartments for Sale in Kolkata. No Relief For Aam Aadmi As Fuel Prices Continues To Rise Government Blames External Factors. Gold Chain: [removed]. Cant buy a new car without Aadhar: I have been able to get by without the fucking aadhar card till now. Now the time has come to buy a new car. But the Telangana RTA has made it mandatory to provide aadhar number during registration. Im not planning to get aadhar for this bullshit. Why has nobody challenged this yet What are my options What are the changes of something good happening if i go to court over this. kalyan jewellers mens chain designs with price: [removed]. top jewellers in india: [removed]. Web Designing and Ecommerce website Development in Chandigarh. Fast and Responsive Website Design Company in ludhiana: [removed]. MBA Resit Thesis Writing Help. SEO SMO PPC Services Digital Marketing Agency in Ludhiana. Doorstep steam carwash and car sterilizing Service in Hyderabad Smart Autocare. Do I need to create a business for a blog: Just wanted to know if I use a blog to promote goods via affiliate marketing and use online advertising and start making money from that do I need to create a company or just submitting taxes on my own is enough. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Debitum Network Team at World Blockchain Forum in London. SRTRANSFINNSE SYMBOL looks good for swing trade: [removed]. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Startup Business if You do these 8 Things in Advance. You Will not Fail.: [removed]. Despite SBI HDFC Bank ICICI Bank others data breaches India Inc not ready fight cyber attacks. India is said to ask RBI to identify banks that can be merged. Start your own startup today India will support you. Swiggy has constantly degraded their services...if anyone wants to have fun keep this Twitter chain active...and have fun. Unacademy education platform raises 143 crores funding startupopinions. Shri Amar Nath Shroff The Story of Alcove Realty Begins with. Baba Ramdevs Patanjali takes on Amul launches cow milk milk products also French fries.. Former RBI Governor Stirs Up PMO India Time For Better Banks Bitcoin News. Diamond jewellery: [removed]. Local and international companies plastic packaging machines for industry. IVF Treatment in Ludhiana. How To Get Funding For Your Film 2018 Film Funding Network Six Sigma Films 044. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Why customer service training is important.. Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana. 10 Best Bank PO Coaching Centers in Chandigarh Grotal.com. Top 10 Easiest Countries for Immigration.. Chhattisgarh didnt spend 25 of budget allocations in 201617 CAG report. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Govt to end price war will disallow Cloudtail and WS Retail from Amazon Flipkart.. Alright lads. Buzzgrab is a onestop destination to discover the trending gadgets 2018 womens shopping guide product reviews and price alerts. Make your shopping easy. Met finance minister before leaving the country Vijay mallya. Indian Officials Visit Other Countries to Study Cryptocurrency Regulations. A little help from you could mean a lot to me: Hi I am 21 years old MechanicalMBAmarketing student at JNTU Hyderabad5year course. I am in fourth year currently. I am looking forward to get a job ASAP into IT industry. Currently learning Andrew ngs ML course. ASAP because I want to get married by the time I finish my college. So please if someone could help with some LPTs of cruising into the industry. What to learn. I want 58 lakhs per annum package after my college and I am willing to do as many internships as possible. What are in demand skills I need to have and will pay off learning Banglore or Hyderabad is where I can work. Please someone from inside industry reply.. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Legacy of Alcove Realty with Shri Amart Nath Shroff. Tybros India Tour Launched Indias First Exclusive Honeymoon Website. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. New business ideas under 5000 business categories. Are they working on improving the UI UX of HDFC Banks app. Apple IPhone Service Center in Chandigarh. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Patanjali Loyalty Card. Myths amp Facts about Television Advertising. Cloud Computing Services in Banglore: [removed]. Growth Of The Algaecides Market Product Segment Forecast To 20182026: [removed]. Madhurima Sweets Sweet by Nature Buy Sweets Online Best Sweet Shop Lucknow. The Battle Between Indian Cryptocurrency Exchanges And Central Bank To Reach A Final Verdict. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. You Read Must Types of Insurance Policies Available in India. US Authorities Ask India to Seize Property of Bitconnect Promoters Bitcoin News. The Mass Psychological Warfare 9/11 a conspiracy theory. Still the best short video to share the ridiculous lies of the official story. The depression caused by 9/11 has hit the whole world at that time and it also includes us. Tried to crosspost from r/conspiracy but didnt work.. Major India Crypto Hearing Today Learn how this can affect you: Update Court Adjourned the Case till tomorrow Visit this [Article]https//medium.com/kavarkanan/indiacryptocurrencyhearingmatteradjournedtilltomorrowe37eaa1e490d to read updated news on hearing amp exchanges reaction. On September 11 The Indian supreme court will hear all petitions in opposition to the crypto banking restriction placed by the Reserve Bank of India RBI. On April 6 RBI issued a circular that banned local banks from providing services to crypto businesses essentially blocking fiatcrypto trading. The massive crypto community in India has been on edge waiting for this hearing. In the case of restriction being uplifted a wave of new users are expected to join back in and purchase crypto currencies. Even with the restriction in place a number of crypto exchanges operating in the country have developed methods for allowing users to continue to deposit as well as withdraw Indian rupee. P2P solutions that bypass banking services are being employed by these exchanges with growing volume seen over past couple months. Exchanges like Koinex amp WazirX have been seeing growth due to their P2P solutions. The Internationally backed exchange [Blockverse]https//blockverse.io/ is set to open next month and is offering its beta users commission free trading for life. Recently Indian Officials were sent to Japan UK Switzerland to study cryptocurrency regulations from these three countries financial regulators. They aim to engage with international regulators and gain a deeper understanding of their crypto mechanisms and systems in order to improve its own process. Sentiment remains that the hearing could be postponed till December. However the government has claimed this will be the final hearing and will set the stone for cryptocurrency regulations in India. The recent problockchain/crypto stance seen by the government leads to believe that procrypto regulations might be around the corner. Millions of eyes look to the decision that comes out later today. Stay Tuned.. Major India Crypto Hearing Today Learn how this can affect you: [removed]. Bank Bazaar tries to install some malware trojan on visiting its webpages: Axis Bank has decided it does not want to support customers via email so it has made it extremely hard to send them any email and their app has no freeform query / complaint facility either so I went in search for Axis Bank support and guess what Bank Bazaar offers as many as 10 email addresses for Axis Bank. But go to that page with antivirus protection on. It tries to install some trojan program. Heres the screenshot. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/h1esb8z1zml11.jpg [https//www.bankbazaar.com/axisbankcreditcardcustomercarenumber.html]https//www.bankbazaar.com/axisbankcreditcardcustomercarenumber.html. Bank relationship manager siphons off Rs 1.5 crore from elderly couples a/c. Bonus Calculation amp Accounting. How do I accept payments from abroad to my PayPal account: So Ive recently started freelancing and Im having trouble accepting payments from abroad through PayPal. Every time a client tries to send me money he / she gets the message Were sorry. This person cant accept personal payments. Ill be calling up PayPal soon but could anyone here share their experience with PayPal How do you receive payments from abroad What are the charges like. Fully Automated CashierLess Watasale Store in Kochi is Indias Answer to Amazon Go. TVs get a Make in India twist start local production at component stage. Alcove Realty Real Estate Signature Projects in Kolkata. Alcove Realty One of the Top Real Estate Developers in Kolkata. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. India Fire Safety Systems and Equipment Market 201720236Wresearch. Affordable Digital Marketing Company Pitamaas. India Top 5 in the worlds largest economies. CIMS Hospital Ahmedabad Doctors List Book Online Appointment Credihealth. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. How to Advertise In ABP Ananda With Bookadsnow. Apple Service Center in Chandigarh. Reflection on Increasing Oil Prices. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India.  Anyone looking to start B2C or B2B Multi vendor Ecommerce Marketplace platform like eBay Ali express WhatsApp 919488811196. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. MBBS in India Eligibility Duration Low Fees for Indian Students. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. SEO services in Ludhiana Digital Marketing Company Pitamaas. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. INR vs USD: INR Vs USD The Indian rupee slumped 16 paise against the US dollar to trade at a lifetime low of 71.37 in early trade today reported news agency Press Trust of India PTI. The fall in Indian currency is due to the strong demand for the US currency.. At 54 Jack Ma CoFounder Of Alibaba Makes Up Mind To Retire And Devote To Philanthropy. Acche Din Claim Demolished Steepest Hike In Years Petrol Hits Rs 80 Per Litre In Delhi. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Indias First IKEA Store in Hyderabad Startupopinions. Alcove Realty Reputed Real Estate Builder Changing Skyline of Kolkata. 3 Top Reasons For Why We Can Expect A Big Market Crash Imminently. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Sai Maruti Chit Fund Hyderabad Pvt Ltd. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Red Corner Notice Request For Mehul Choski Interpol To Decide In October. Slow and steady wins the race.. Best Railway Exams Coaching Centres in ChandigarhGrotal.com. Post your Requirement what you want to buy B2B Buyers Purchase qualityproducts. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. ikkat silk sarees: [removed]. 5 best Ielts coaching in Chandigarh with Course Details and Fee Structure. Airtel Payments Bank users can now withdraw cash without cards: [removed]. RRB Group D Recruitment 2018 CBT Schedule Admit Card Release. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi. duplex board paper. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Top 20 SSC coaching institutes in Chandigarh Grotal.com. One of the best Mutual Fund Investing and tracking apps Ive used: Guys in my opinion this app is really good for investing in mutual funds its by Economic Times and therefore I trustworthy. Maintaining your portfolio is a breeze and investing is easy too. Do check it out at [https//etmoney.onelink.me/unJQ/f8bd6405]https//etmoney.onelink.me/unJQ/f8bd6405. The dreams of Ankita Shroff A young Pune entrepreneur. Reusable Sanitary Pads Manufacturing Company in India. Stall fabricators in Hyderabad: [removed]. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Mansion in Mussoorie For Sale. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Fall In Rupee No Need For Panic Or KneeJerk Reactions Arun Jaitley Finance Minister. TS Triumph Dream destination of happiness Book Your Dream Home in Gurgaon: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Rupee Breaches 72 Mark To Hit Lifetime Low Against US Dollar. GST on Cooperative Housing Societies: [removed]. GST effect Hundreds of thousands laid off despite growth.. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Sensex expands losing streak 70 of firms with mtop of Rs 1000 crore still in red. Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi. India Blockchain Technology Market 201820246Wresearch. 10 Best AFCAT Coaching Institutes in ChandigarhGrotal.com. Shivinder Singh says brother Malvinder forged wifes signature. The Journey of Arpita Ganesh The Indian Bra Lady. Keyboard Guitar Classes in Bangalore. Govt Extends Due Date for filing GST Returns. India Chocolate Market 201720236Wresearch. Amazon Becomes 1 Trillion Company Founder Jeff Bezos Now Richest Person On Planet. India Men Grooming Market 201720236Wresearch. Jen Info Solutions Pvt Ltd Software Development Company: Jen Info Solutions [Pvt.Ltd]https//Pvt.Ltd provides software Development Company. We offer innovative and outstanding software solutions. 3 Simple Steps To Book Your Advertisement. The Advantages of Advertising in Star Gold Tv. 10 Best NDA Coaching Institutes in ChandigarhGrotal.com. Anchoring Classes in Bangalore. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. SocialGood airdrop 10 amp 3 per Referral 100 guaranteed from Japan: [removed]. India is on track to have 60GW installed wind renewables by 2020. Indian Cryptocurrency Exchange Zebpay Plans to Return All Users Money. How to Book Public Notice Ads in the Newspapers of India. Amazon India launches Hindi website shopping app in battle with Flipkart. Fuel Price Record High P Chidambaram Demands Fuel Be Brought Under GST Chandrababu Naidu Warns Of Rs 100. Siebel Services: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. OET Coaching in Ludhiana. Asset Management Software India Effitrac Solutions: [removed]. Indias largest cryptocurrency exchange Zebpay announcement on Rupee Balances. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Rupee Fall Continues Hits All Time Low Of 71.12 Against U S Dollar. Advertisning in Zee News at Lowest Rates. Mahindra Tractors sales grow 7 in August. Create own cryptocurrency. Blockchain service: [removed]. Sonalika Tractors exports registers growth of 90. Interior and Exterior Designing in sainikpuri: Inoutdesigning denotes exactly what we do. We are the [Interior and Exterior Designing in sainikpuri]http//www.inoutdesigning.com/. We are the Top Modern office and Residential designers to provide Luxury Interior and Exterior design service in Hyderabad. Exterior Designs of Houses Exterior Design Home family sitting room space planning Villa exterior designs. Our company provides the best interior design in Hyderabad and got much popularity. Our company is eminent in wood flooring services and can able to provide the outmost design for your interior flooring design. ampx200B [img]9x4tnnv276k11 ampx200B ampx200B 04048537332 / 9642322262 / 7337351274 ampx200B ampx200B [infoinoutdesigning.com]mailtoinfoinoutdesigning.com ampx200B [http//www.inoutdesigning.com/]http//www.inoutdesigning.com/ ampx200B C135 JJ Nagar Sainikpuri Secunderabad Hyderabad ampx200B 04048537332 / 9642322262 / 7337351274. Career UT Administration of Daman amp Diu Recruitment for Pathologist Post 2018 jobs job boards job postings Government jobs Govt Jobs 2018. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Branding Agency in Ahmedabad Brand Design Services in Ahmedabad. How to Earn Free Cryptocurrency Bounties in India. Indian Police Arrested Another Bitcoin Scam Mastermind Scammer Promises High Returns. Affordable POP Danglers Suppliers and POP Danglers Manufacturers In Bangalore. Looking Pole InflatablesPromotional Inflatables and Pole Inflatable Manufacturer in Bangalore. Light Lit balloon Advertising and Manufacturer In Bangalore Skyview Advertising: [removed]. Giant Walking Inflatables Custom Inflatable Inflatable Tube Man Online. Affordable kids Bouncies And kids Bounce Manufacturer In Bangalore. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Original Agarwal Packers and Movers: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Why Jeff Bezos wants Amazon employees to wake up every morning terrified. HeritageJewelleryNimah: [removed]. Amazin Policy. Best Wedding jewellery in India: [removed]. Banks to remain open Ministry issues statement. English speaking classes in Pune is the roadmap of your career: ampx200B [img]hxf26yotryj11 English is a globally used way of communication its the skill and media of a transformation possessed by the working world. Statistical data proves that more than twothird of the learners in a global market are teaching English just to buildup their career either in their native country or in overseas. The command over the language can improve the way you deal with the work and help you to make it effective. At[English speaking classes in Pune]http//lotusithub.com/blog/2018/08/29/englishspeakingclassesinpuneistheroadmapofyourcareer/ we will illustrate you with the following points to take steps towards your shining career. . [Bank Fraud] It takes lots of planning and an army of minions to execute a 14k crore fraud:  gtThere appears to be substantial evidence to support the knowledge and involvement by the debtors and their senior officers and directors namely Mihir Bhansali and Ajay Gandhi in the criminal conduct alleged by Indian authorities the examiner concluded. gt gtIn particular the report notes that Ajay Gandhi who has denied all allegations apparently assisted Nirav Modi in using the American firms funds in connection with large real estate purchases shortly before the fraud charges were brought in India \[emphasis added\]. gt gtAlso money from what the bankruptcy examiner calls shadow entities a group of Middle Eastern and East Asian shell companies that were used for roundtripping as part of the letter of undertaking LoU fraud was used to purchase an approximately 6 million apartment on Central Park South for the sole use of Modi and his family in the US gt gtGandhi assisted Modi by paying approximately 3 million from FDI to pay off an HSBC mortgage to transfer an apartment valued at approximately 6 million from a Firestar affiliate to a trust established by his sister for the benefit of Modi and his family the report notes. ampx200B. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Twitter kya hai aur kaise chalate hai. 71 surge in ITRs filed till August .. Chinese smartphone makers are winning in India the fastest growing market. Bulk SMS in Patna Bulk SMS Provider in Patna Bihar India Bazaar SMS. Govt spends Rs 4.18 to make one Rs 2000 note Rs 2.57 for one Rs 500 note RTI. Affordable kids Bouncies And kids Bounce Manufacturer In Bangalore. Outdoor Balloon Advertising In Bangalore and Promotional Balloons Manufacturers in Bangalore. Ground Inflatable Advertising Ground Inflatable Manufacturer In Bangalore. Gas Balloon advertising and Customized Balloon Printing Skyview Advertising. Blimp Balloon Advertising and Hydrogen Balloon Advertising In Bangalore. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Air Dancer Balloon Advertising and Air Dancer Manufacturer In Bangalore. BCCI Announces Squad For Asia Cup 2018 Virat Kohli Rested Rohit Sharma Named Skipper. Inflatable Balloon Suppliers and Inflatable Balloon Manufacturer In Bangalore. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Giant Helium Advertising Balloon Supplier Bangalore Helium Advertising Balloon Manufacturer In Bangalore. How Can a Single Flight Ticket Cost More Than Return Flight: Singapore gt Ahmedabad INR 117924 But Ahmedabad gt Singapore gt Ahmedabad INR 72524 The cost are for same dates. How does this even make any ducking sense ampx200B https//i.redd.it/zqhk90qhdlj11.png. India Post Payments Bank launch today Postmen to deliver banking services. Rpa online training. Slugfest Over Rafale Deal But What About The Fuel Prices Now At Record High. Vodafone Idea Limited Idea Cellular says company named changed to Vodafone Idea Limited. Why Book Public Notice ads in Times of India Via Bookadsnow. Logo Design Company Custom Logo Design by Professional Pitamaas. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Nowhere to hide how Kanpurs tanneries are struggling to stay afloat. Vodafone Idea Limited Idea Cellular says company named changed to Vodafone Idea Limited. How quick can I get a PAN card: I just got a job and they require PAN card details and I dont have one. . On Rafale Reliance and Offsets Someones Not Telling the Truth. Reserve Bank of India Considering Central Bank Digital Currency. Best deals in kurtis sarees Punjabi suits in SuratGrotal. Idea Cellular says company named changed to Vodafone Idea Limited.. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. NRIs PIO / OCI Card Holders and their Investment Options in India. Top 10 Gold Metal Detectors in HyderabadTelangana. How the Indian twowheeler segment fared Scooters are out. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Die Cutting Machine Platen Die Punching Machine Amritsar. Top 20 CDS coaching centers with contact details in ChandigarhGrotal. Read Full Facebook Blog Of Finance Minister Arun Jaitley As He Defends Demonetisation. Vodafone India Idea Cellular Merger Complete To Create Countrys Largest Telecom Operator. How Twitters New Update Will Affect Your Marketing Strategy: [removed]. Fashion Jewelry Store: [removed]. India Diesel Generator Rental Market 201720236Wresearch. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Can You Really Buy Netflix Accounts Online at Dirt Cheap Prices PayTM Scams in India. Takiyu Bathtubs India: [removed]. http//www.bathlineindia.com/categoriesbathtubstakiyu/: [removed]. India Diesel Genset Market 201820236Wresearch. Mahagram launches branchless banking for underserved. Kirana King Transforming Grocery Retail. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. RBI It Considers Digital Currency amid Rising Prices of Paper Currency. 2 Stocks To Buy For Excellent Dividend Yields Read more at. Indias largest cryptocurrency exchange listed Bitcoin Gold BTG in three trading pairs BTGINR BTGBTC and BTGTUSD. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Full Body Massage Centers in Delhi. Advertising in Sananda Magazine Book Sananda ad at lowest rates. Fake Currency Detection Of Rs. 500 And Rs. 2000 Is On The Rise SBI Report. Hitting a new low rupee at 70.82 against US dollar now .. Luxury Hotels are coming up quick in India since 2017. Hi peeps The below survey helps us in empowering the differently abled by providing them employment opportunities. Please help us by sparing just a couple of minutes. Top 20 PMP Certification Training in AhmedabadGrotal. Best MS Project Training in Ahmedabad with contact detailsGrotal. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. This 3 minute questionnaire help us in empowering the differetly abled. We are s team which digitises and merchandise the art of the differently abled. Please help. Presenting BeDesi Dog Collars amp Leash. We donate 1/4 of the price of the product to the underprivileged women making them available throughout India Order now Order link in the comments. For Foreign Direct Investment India Is The Preferred Destination RBI Annual Report. New Agri Marketing Act is a facilitator not regulator Dr. Dalwai. nwallet. Senco Gold Ltd files IPO papers with Sebi for Rs 600cr. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India: [removed]. RBI says 99.3 of the demonetised money came back into the banking system.. Google Tez Rebranded As Google Pay Will Offer Instant Bank Loans. Which is the best business credit card in India: Hi guys I run a small business and want to shift out my business expenses from my personal credit card to a business card. I bank with HDFC and since I already have a personal credit card from them they wont give me another. Please note that I want the card to be in my companys name not my personal name. Please advise. . IT Infrastructure Service The crux of a growing business: [removed]. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. India Can Extradite Mehul Choksi Even Without Red Corner Notice CBI. Buy TEMPUR Comfort Pillow Cloud Online Springwel: [removed]. Seven Arrested in Mumbai Over International Bitcoin Scam. Independence day special. Sebi may soon have some bad news for retail investors. The Indian digital marketing startup that is built for those companies seeking affordable and reliable digital marketing services under one roof ... looking for support from all indians. A Foreigners got a trap call from an Indian Call Center for Paying Loan Tax in Bitcoin. Centre changes law allows law enforcement agencies to hold banned currency notes. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India: [removed]. Top 20 PMP Certification Institutes with contact detailsGrotal.com. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best PMP Training Institutes with contact detailsGrotal.com. SEO Services in Delhi Region Affordable SEO Company in Delhi. Zebpay Resumed BTG Deposits with Withdrawal and Trading Services to Go Live at 1130 UTC August 28: ampx200B ampx200B Zebpay announced to have credited users with BTG equivalent to BTC held in Zebpay at the time of fork. BTG deposits are now live. Withdrawals and trading of BTGINR BTGBTC BTGTUSD pairs to go live today 28th Aug 1130 UTC. . Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. How to Use Your Website Design to Tell a Story: [removed]. Its a sweatshop The ugly truth behind working at an Indian startup. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Ever Wondered How Is Life At PayU Indias largest Fintech Company In A Line.... A Place Where Work Becomes Fun amp Play. Tez is rebranded to Google Pay as Google unifies its payment services. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. India get the licenses from the United States for dualtech. Car rental Service from Jodhpur to Jaisalmer Jodhpur to Jaisalmer Taxi: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Dbametrix Expert Remote DBA: [removed]. Anguished Over Rafale Deal Allegations Anil Ambani Files Rs 5000 Cr Defamation Suit Against National Herald. How To Invest In Stock Market: [removed]. What is Facebook Clone: [removed]. How to make money playing games. Straight Out of Mallyas Playbook Mehul Choksi Cites Poor Jail Conditions to Avoid Extradition. Offer Market Live Sensex ruptures 38600 Nifty ascensions 11650 for first time in securities exchange history. After informal GDP push Arun Jaitley rakes up IMF reports to demonstrate Modi government is better what FM says. FINALLY live the life you deserve Make 10k/month and NEVER WORK A 95 AGAIN: [removed]. What are some incubators competition or other events which help startup in getting exposure.: Title itself.. Affordable SEO Services in Delhi. Indias Central Bank Sets up Unit to Track Blockchain and AI coinness.com: The Reserve Bank of India RBI has formed a new unit within the central bank to beef up its own intellectual capital in the face of emerging technologies like cryptocurrency blockchain and artificial intelligence. This new unit will research and possibly draft rules and supervise new emerging technologies in the future two people familiar with the central banks plans said. Coinness real time real news. List of top 20 OET Test Coaching in Jalandhar Grotal. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Warren Buffett set to pick up stake in Paytm. Indian Police Issued Three Arrest Warrants to Ponzi Scheme Scammers coinness.com: In addition to the ringleader of a 300million Ponzi scheme the Indian jail just issued three arrest warrants to another three suspects. Amit Bharadawj is the kingpin in the infamous cryptocurrency Ponzi scheme dubbed GainBitcoin who was arrested on March 31 2018. Amits younger brother Vivek Bharadwaj Pankaj Adhlakha and Hemant Bhope now have received arrest warrants from the Tihar jail and will be kept in the Chandigarh polices custody for four days. . Need marketing agent in India: Hey guys anyone specialized in marketing in India especially cryptorelated pm me we have a big offer for you. . Branding Designs in Ahmedabad. Summary of manufacturing Industry:  Manufacturing is the production of merchandise for use or sale using labour and machines tools chemical and biological processing or formulation. The term may refer to a range of human activity from handicraft to high tech but is most commonly applied to industrial production in which raw materials are transformed into finished goods on a large scale. Such finished goods may be sold to other manufacturers for the production of other more complex products such as aircraft household appliances furniture sports equipment or automobiles or sold to wholesalers who in turn sell them to retailers who then sell them to end users and consumers. Manufacturing engineering or manufacturing process are the steps through which raw materials are transformed into a final product. The manufacturing process begins with the product design and materials specification from which the product is made. These materials are then modified through manufacturing processes to become the required part.. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Its a season of setbacks for Ramdev.. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Rupee Fall This What Raghuram Rajan Has To Say On The Current Scenario. Ashok Leyland bags defence vehicle order.. Meet the people who built Flipkart and no we dont mean the Bansals.. Amazon AffiliateEarn money from home.. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Top talent rushes to join domestic Investment Banks. Reliance Industries mcap hits Rs 8 trillionmark shares up 2 Times of India. ICICI Bank focusing on Blockchain for KYC trade remittances says tech head. Sending USD to friends wife in India. Friend transfers INR to mine/dads Indian bank account. Is this not legal: Is this considered illegal by income tax laws in India or the US I understand that this is called hawala Just want to be safe before committing something stupid due to ignorance.. Audience Response System for Modern Day Conferences: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Uday Kotak The nationalist banker. Top 20 OET Training centers in Jalandhar online/offline classesGrotal. Make in India Mobile handset manufacturing helps country save Rs 3 lakh cr provides over 4.5 lakh jobs. IDFC Bank Zerodha tie up to take on big lenders. Easily Update Your Bank Account Number On PayUmoney Dashboard Know How. As UPI 2.0 Is Unveiled It Remains Very Much a Transaction in Progress. OET Coaching in Amritsar. Plumber in Delhi: [removed]. WhatsApp feels payment services are getting unfair treatment in India. Air India seeks Rs 500 crore urgently to repay banks. delhi wedding bureau. Digital SB accounts click with youngsters. Easy Way to Learn About Fashion. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India: [removed]. State Bank of India yet to recalibrate 18135 ATMs for new notes reveals RTI query. Andhra Bank exmanager convicted for taking bribe from farmer.. Top 20 Gynaecologist Surgeon in MohaliTricityPunjab. RIL becomes first Indian company to cross Rs 8 trillion in market cap. Arun Jaitley Returns To Take Charge Of The Finance Ministry. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Check Vehicle Owner Name By Registration Number. Digital Marketing Training Institute in South Extension. CryptoAddaCryptoCurrencyAirdropsICONewsCoins: [removed]. Stock Market Training: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Insurance cover on bank deposits Why government is in no mood to raise limit to Rs 15 lakh. OET Test Centers in Chandigarh. AirgeadCoinCant Wait For Future: [removed]. Private lender Bandhan Bank joins the fray to buy PNB Housing Finance.. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Bandhan Bank turns 3.. Bizarre terms and conditions from r/xiaomi. Apple aims 5000 employees eventually for Hyderabad facility.. Finance Ministry asks PSU bank CEOs to check frauds in NPAs or face penal action.. Blockchain development. Project creation. Create own cryptocurrency. Team looking for a job: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Flipkart launches 2GUD new ecommerce portal for refurbished goods.. resin air cover. Eureka Forbes Water purifiers Dealers in indore RO Service Centers Grotal. Enterprise Portal Solutions: [removed]. Advertising in Vogue Magazine Book Vogue Magazine ad at lowest rates. Kerala floods impact a fifth of Indias coffee production. Inside the supply chain of urban street vendors. With No Consensus Between Centre And States Petrol And Diesel Will Not Come Under GST. Best online shopping and wholesale textile fabrics Grotal. WalmartFlipkart deal continues to attract trouble traders to hold nationwide protest.. Under probe Kochhar eyes becoming director on ICICI Securities board again.. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Apple to Boost Sales in India through Flagship Stores. My Tez app rewards. Airfare for Kerala flights capped at Rs 10000 but airlines couldnt care less. Ujjivan Small Finance Bank to retire Rs 2000 crore high cost debt to boost profit. Banks had a role in bad debt buildup SBI chief. Invertir En Bolsa. India Air Purifier Market 201820246Wresearch. Congress misinformed and misled Anil Ambani refutes Rafale allegations. Scotland of the East: [removed]. Study Visa Consultants in Jalandhar PunjabIndia.. Generator with Sound Proof 5 KVA Self Start with Exide Battery. Get Upto 20 OFF on Portable Diesel Air Cooled Generator Set 3KVA Toolsvilla: [removed]. Italian Model Single Phase Petrol Kerosene Generator Set 3800EK3 KV. Aquaguard RO Water Purifiers in Indore. Meet the Billionaire Who Cant Spend His Own Fortune. Alibabas Jack Ma may buy 50 stake in Mukesh Ambanis Reliance Retail to take on Flipkart Amazon. Good time to start ExportImport business in india 26 exportimport ideas : Now it a great time for people in India to start an Exportimport business. Because of the following factors 1. USCH trade war 2. Chinese Export to Europe is decreasing 3. China is moving more up in the valueChain Indian small and middle Entrepreneurs can replace big volume of China Export to the European Union. Not only India also other ASEAN and African countries has big opportunities To enlight more those opportunities and get ideas read the opportunities below We belive every small and fresh entrepreneur in India will get a lot of new ideas and value from the article below Import export business opportunities for Indians A lot of people from India and Asia are considering [starting their own importexport business.]https//exportimportpractical.com/2017/09/17/getstartedimportexportbusiness/ But what are some of the greatest import export business opportunities now What kinds of goods are exported from India What is great import export in India and Asia now It is really important to know those. Because the success of the export business depends highly on choosing the right product category what to deal with. The fact is there are a lot of import export business opportunities for Indians now. The importexport business can be very lucrative and this type of business is one of the best starting points for the new entrepreneurs from India or Asia generally. Some of the following export import business opportunities even allow starting an export import business from home This article explains what are the greatest import export business opportunities for Indians nowadays in the importexport business. Before we go deep into the importexport business opportunities. Its important to understand one very important fact. This fact creates new opportunities for you and this fact also indicates that right now its best time for getting started in the importexport business maybe best time ever This gamechanging fact is \ China export to Europe is decreasing. It is because of the rising costs of the China companies. China is now focusing on producing and exporting more highvalued products so the cheap commodities export to the EU is slowly decreasing. In China now is time to focus on more highend products because cheap production is not so competitive in China anymore China is simply growing out from this stage. What great import export business opportunity this represents for Indians The fact is the European Union still need basic raw materials consumer products chemicals agro products and all other lowcost products. China has been exporting those products to EU for many decades. Now as China is exporting this kind of products less and less to EU now this represents a HUGE export opportunity for Indian entrepreneurs Now its your time to start exporting those products what China has been exporting to EU many decades India can supply the same products like China but much lower cost now. Because Indian labour costs and production costs are many times lower compared China. Europe is world biggest importer makes about 33 of the world total imports. 2/3 of the EU imports is raw materials and easy products All this India can supply to the EU. So now this is really the right time for Indians and also for other fastly developing Asian nations for getting started in importexport business with Europe. What are the actual import export business opportunities for Indians now The EU is Indias number one trading partner 13.5 of Indias overall trade with the world in 201516 well ahead of China 10.8 USA 9.3 UAE 7.7 and Saudi Arabia 4.3. This fact referred to [EU commission trade statistics.]http//ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countriesandregions/countries/india/ So India is a great exporting country means there are plenty of export opportunities from India to Europe and other developed countries.. Below we will look some of the best import export business opportunities for Indians. Firstly We are looking at some of the best export opportunities products what entrepreneurs from India can export to the European Union. Also the piechart below will give you the basic overview of export from Indian to EU. On the second part of the articles we will look what are best import business opportunities for Indians. Best export business opportunities for Indians 1. Organic Chemicals India is rich in minerals and natural resources and that is just one reason why India is a big producer of different types of chemicals mostly organic chemicals like Acids. Europe is the big importer and consumer of different types of organic chemicals. The European Union itself is not a big producer of organic Chemicals because of the strict environmental norms. Secondly the EU is a too expensive place for producing easy and base chemicals. The European Union is importing cheap organic chemicals and process them further. So there is a big demand for organic chemicals in EU historically the main supplier has been China. Now India can also export this kind of products to the European Union. This is a great export opportunity for Indians. 2. Garment and textile This category represents one of the biggest and best export business opportunities for Indians now because the demand for those products is massive. Garment and textile products have been exported to the European Union many decades from China and other Asian countries. Most of the easy textile and garment industries have been left Europe. Textile and garment industry needs a lot of human work and European labour cost is far too high for this. Its economically wise to import those products to the European Union than produce. Now China exports of garment and textile are also decreasing because of the raised costs. Now India and other lowcosted Asian countries can replace that export. Its even possible to do outsourcing for the European branded clothes companies which can offer you very lucrative business opportunities. 3. Clothes and footwear Next stage from the raw garment and textile is to produce the clothes and footwear from them. This also very labour intensive work and need cheap labour cost and cheap energy. India can produce clothes and footwear based on the European client demands and requirements. Currently many western clothing brands are outsourcing their production to India this is a great export opportunity for Indian companies. 4. Fruits India has varied climate in some areas fruits are growing very well. Bananas Kiwis coconuts pineapples citrus are growing well and also because of the low labour costs those fruits are very cheap. India and as well other Asian nations can export those products to the USA and the European Union the demand is huge Most of the European Union countries dont have enough sun for the tropical fruits only the south European Countries like Spain has. But South European Countries has also high labour costs which make growing the fruits expensive. This is a great export business opportunity for Indians. Growing the fruits and creation of the plantation doesnt need very high capital so its very well suited for people from Asia and India. But fruits and food products has some [export risks]https//exportimportpractical.com/2017/12/16/biggestrisksexportbusinesssolutions/. Food can easily get damaged during the export shipping so prepare well for this. If exporting food and livestock our from the country then you really need to know very well how do you export your goods what are actual procedures and documents. We also suggest to read about [export import procedures and documentation]https//exportimportpractical.com/2017/12/03/exportimportproceduresanddocumentation/ 5.Tea and coffee India is famous for the Indian Black tea and also for the coffee. Indian climate is especially suitable for growing this kind of plants. India has naturally a lot of sun and enough rain which will make growing the tea and coffee very lucrative exporting business in India. There is a very big demand for coffee by the central and Northern European countries. Also Germany USA Canada and even China has high demand for the coffee. Scandinavian countries are famous for the high consumption of coffee per person.Coffe can also exporter well to the USA. For Tea consumption the UK is a good destination. So tea and coffee are good import export business opportunities for Indians and also for people in Arabica and Southeast Asia. 6. Rice India is historically famous for the production of the rice. The European Union doesnt have a suitable climate for growing the rice. But EU is consuming a lot of rice so this product can be exported to the European Union Easily. The European Union is importing different types of rice like brown rice long rice India can grow all those types of rice and export to the European Union. Biggest profit can be made if you are going to pack the rice into the suitable packages 1kg boxes. Rice is being sold in the European supermarkets in small and handy packages differently than in India. 7. Spices and herbs India is well known for its spices around the world. In fact already the first exporters and importers in the 15 century where exporting Indian spices to the current European territory. Indias climate is favorable for the spices There arent good climate in any European country for producing this type or products. Nowadays Indian spices have their places in the European kitchen and restaurants. Also many spices are being used to produce different sauces and condiments. Very often Indian spices are being used in premium restaurants and inexpensive foods. Indian spices has a premium price in the European Union which makes this very lucrative export business for Indians. Different Indian herbs have also the export potential to Europe. Herbs are expensive and are mainly used by European Pharmacy companies healthcare companies. Also a lot of the herbs are being used in tea industries 8. Mustard and mustard oil India is one of the biggest producers of mustard seeds. The biggest producers are Indian neighbor countries like Nepal and also Myanmar. Mustard needs also special climate and Indian Climate is similar to Nepal has. India has the big potential of expanding its mustard production and processing it to the mustard oil. Mustard oil is in the big demand in Eu and USA for various purposes. So this product also presents good export business opportunities in India and its neighbor countries. 9. Peanuts and nuts Indian peanut the Nakar is famous in Europe and all around the world. India is also the producer of peanut oil and this oil has also potential in the EU and in other Asian countries. Roasted and salted Indian peanuts are good for export to the western markets and you are able to get a higher price compare with the price what you can get on the local market. Salted and packaged peanuts can be also sold in online stores if packaged nicely so it is attractive for the people overseas. Selling your products online is one of the easiest ways to start an export business from Home. Exporting your products to overseas trough getting customers online with your eshop. This is really one of the greatest export opportunities in India now. It is also affordable because it allows starting your export business with minimal costs and investment 10. Vegetables Some vegetables can be exported to Europea union market. It is still hard to export Indian food to Europe but there are still some vegetables what have green light in Europe. The following vegetables can be exported to the European market with low restrictions taro bitter gourd snake gourd and eggplant. If you are considering exporting vegetable from in India then you should be considering exporting more to other countries near to India 11. Gems precious metals One of the greatest import export business opportunities This is Indias one of the biggest exports. India is rich of precious metals and gems. big amount of the precious jewelry is made using Indian gems. This is a very lucrative business. Indias jewelry gems and precious metals need to be exported to the wealthy European countries and to the other wealthy markets like Hongkong Singapore China and USA Canada. Also at the same time India is also a great importer of Diamonds. India imports Rough diamonds in large quantities from USA. Indian companies process diamonds and reexport some back to USA and also to other markets. Germs can be also exported as selling those online. with small and precious gems It is again possible to start exportimport business from home. However dealing with precious metals and gems in big volume need a bigger amount of capital. 12. Metal India is also great exporter or Iron and steel. India has lowcost energy what is required for producing the steel from the ore. Pipes from Iron and steel are in high demand by EU. Also metal plates steel coils metal beams all those has export potential. Doing a metal export is a volume business so exporters need to have the big amount of capital required for this business. 13. Heavy machines and equipment represents highly profitable import export business opportunities One step further from the raw metal production is the production of the heavy machines and equipment. This also one of the greatest import export business opportunities for Indians now. China has been the greatest exporter of the heavy machines and equipment to the European Union but now because of the tightening environmental rules and rising costs in China then China is exporting less and less such products. Indian has very big potential in this category of products and can replace Chinese decreasing export. India can produce metalwork machines ships heavy machines big engines and motors turbines boilers etc. India has all necessary for producing this kind of products with low cost. Currently a lot of western and European companies are turning their eyes to India instead of China for sourcing and importing such products. 14. Spare parts for machines equipment If you are Indian and you have a factory of producing spare parts for machines and vehicles then you are in great position for producing spare parts for European and American companies. European companies who are producing machines need some easy spare parts and details what can be produced in India. Your lesson is to find such a companies. Secondly there is very big demand for car spare parts India can produce those as well and export to the European resellers. 15. Oil products and plastics India has oil reserves and has big scale oil industry. India itself needs oil products and oilbased liquids because of the big population and also because India has lot of vehicles with combustion engines. Still there exist an opportunity to export oil products such as base oils to the European Oil industries which are in need of base oil to produce hightech lubricants. Oil and plastic industries are based on the same natural resource and therefore there is also an opportunity for Indians to export plastic products to the European countries. European Union needs all kinds of plastics from PET to the PE. 16. Cables For producing cables you need oil to produce specific isolation materials and you also need metal. India is in a good position for producing cables all kinds of. Producing cables is usually very energy intensive and this also produces toxic exhaust gases and wastes thats why in EU this production is very expensive. India has not so strict rules for this and can produce cables with low costs. 17. Furniture Furniture category represents two kinds of import export business opportunities for Indians. First then original Indian style furniture. European People like design their interior different and exciting lot of people are buying Chinese and also Indian style furniture. There are a lot of companies in the European Union what are all specializing to this kind of furniture. This is a great opportunity for Indian furniture producers your furniture can be exported to the European Union. Also Indian furniture is special in Europe and thats why it has premium price there. Secondly many European companies are outsourcing their furniture production to the cheaper countries. This presents an opportunity to produce the furniture based on the European importer needs. European importer may send u the instructions and plans so you can let the furniture produced based on those. 18. Paper India has enough raw materials for producing quality paper and paper products. Paper production needs lot of energy and is harmful to the environment and thats why in EU this kind production is not very attractive. China has been great paper exporter for a long time now India and other Asian countries can also take their bite. 19. IT and Software A huge service export business opportunity If you are Software engineer then you will find this export business opportunity interesting. Europe is in great need of software and IT systems. In Europe however the salaries for software engineers are already too high and there are lack of enough qualified software engineers. From here comes great service export business opportunity. One option is to find IT work in Europe and the second option is to export IT services to European Companies. Indian software engineer salary is low compared with Europe. It is great opportunity to produce software in India using Indian people and sell it to European companies. 20. Indian paintings and arts as great export import opportunity Indian Art including paintings ornaments decoratives are special products for Europeans. In Europe those products have high value as some wealthy people want to use exotic arts to decorate their homes. Currently Indias exports of paintings and arts are still low it is only 1 of the world. [Paints export and import statistics.total]http//www.worldstopexports.com/exportedpaintingsanddrawingsbycountry/. 21. Stone Slabs One of the traditional export opportunities in India India is rich in granite marble and therefore India can supply those precious natural stones to the whole world. Indians are also manufacturing quartz stone engineered stone. Different stone slabs present great exporting opportunities. Stone slabs are being exported to UK North Europe and the USA. Western countries cut stone slabs into smaller size pieces and manufacture counter tops and other stonemade furniture parts and are using those in interior design. Conclusion about export business opportunities The previous list is not completed of course but this will let you know some of the best export business opportunities you have if you are from India or from some other Asian country. Just remember India can export all kinds of products that require a lot of labour and energy and natural resources. Its important to understand that the EU imports from ASEAN are growing this is clear indicator that there also exists the big potential for Indians. It is important to take the action at the right time. Probably now is the best time for Indians and ASEAN nations to start exporting your products to the[ European Union]https//exportimportpractical.com/2013/02/25/whereshouldyouexport/. After you choose your favorite import export business opportunity then it is time to start[ looking buyers and suppliers for your exports]https//exportimportpractical.com/2017/08/07/findbuyers/ Now let us look what are best import business opportunities for Indians. Best import business opportunities for Indians As the indian economy is growing fastly then also Indian middle class is growing. More and more Indians are able to afford more expensive foreign products. Also because of the rising purchase power the Indian realestate market is growing. Growing realestate creates a big demand for various commodities and goods that need to be imported. Wood is common building material and thats why wood is now very hot product what to import into India. 1. Wood one of the greatest import business opportunities for Indians. Because Indians building sector and real estate sector is booming then this will great lots of export import business opportunities. One is wood imports. most of the Indian wood is not very well suited for building and furniture production. Traditionally best type of trees for building and for inside decorations are growing in countries with a colder climate. Trees in cold climate have a harder structure which makes those trees more suitable for the building sector. North America and North and Eastern Europe include Russia are great resources for Timber and lumber like Spruce Pine Birch Aspen and Oak. Now importing wood from Europe to India and Asia general is a great way to make big money. In the wood sector the best way is to [start as an exportimport agent]https//exportimportpractical.com/2017/11/11/startasanexportimportagent/. 2. European food products include different import export business opportunities for Indians. In India as well as in China the food safety is a serious problem. Especially milk products dairy and baby food. Because middleclass in India is growing then demand for quality imported food and beverage are increasing as well. Yogurts Milk powders for babies baby instant food Cheese products has very high quality in Europe. In China those are already good products for importing for a while. Now this category also presents great import export business opportunities For Indians. European food products have a premium price in India. But before entering into this business you should be aware of all safety standards related to importing food products into India. 3. European Alcoholic drinks include different import export business opportunities for Indians. Similarly to the previous demand for importer alcoholic drinks also depends on the size of the middle class. European Vines from South Europe German beer ciders cognac and other types of drinks can present lucrative import business opportunity for Indians now. Usually alcoholic drinks have higher import duties and restrictions so if you want to enter into this business you need to make sure all the rules first. 4. Luxury brands include different import export business opportunities for Indians. Who hasnt heard about the Gucci Armani Dolce and Gabbana and other luxury European brands Those premium and luxury brands can be sold by a highprofit margin. Buyers are uppermiddle class. In China these kinds of products present very lucrative business. In China buying and using expensive western brand means you are belonging to the high social class. This is a sign of status in China. Now there are occurring similar import business opportunity in India as well. But in this category lots of frauds and counterfreit products exist. If import custom detects that you are importing counterfreit product then you may lose your products. Counter freit product is cheap analog or imitation what is an illegal product. 5. High Technology products include different import export business opportunities for Indians As Economy and industries are developing then there is increasing demand for high technology. High technology is necessary to improve energy efficiency productivity lower pollutions etc. High tech machines equipment devices vehicles plants and complex systems all these products can be imported into India because India itself doesnt have so highly developed technology jet. European hightech engineering leadercountry is Germany. German engineering and high tech products are top in the world. Mercedes Benz BMW Audi are just a few examples of the level of technology in Germany. Now different kinds of technology related to environmental services energy production food processing transportation infrastructures can be imported into India. End users of such products are Big scale Indian production companies and factories. Here we are talking about millions to hundreds of millions of euros per one project. Potential profits are high. European multinational tech companies like Andritz AG Valmet are building power plants and factories in India and in other developing countries. Actual import business opportunities in this category Small processing units Wastewater treatment equipment Bioenergy plants and equipment energy efficient machines for factories. Low emissions vehicles. Importing high valued machines and equipment can be a very lucrative business. Lean how we make 100000 USD trough[ importing from China.]https//exportimportpractical.com/2018/03/03/importfromchinabusinesscasestudy/ We imported also an expensive plant. But to make business in this field you need big money connections and you need to be qualified to be successful in this field so this is not for Everyone. But there is space also for small players. Hope this article gives you a nice overview of the import export business opportunities out there now for you. Also read about [20 best importexport business ideas.]https//exportimportpractical.com/2017/10/29/importexportbusinessideas/ Previous where some of the greatest import export business opportunities for Indians and other developing nations nows. We hope everyone finds something that resonates with you. Your next steps for getting started in export import business Are you are excited about the import export business opportunities Do you want to start your own exportimport business Then we can help you. We have online import export training programs. Online export import courses [exportimport business mentoring]https//exportimportpractical.com/exportimportmentoring/ consultation. [Check it out here.]https//exportimportpractical.com/ourprograms/ Below is our popular course which shows you how you can get started in exportimport business nowadays. Feel free to enroll now. . How this app Pesave a mobile bank is different than Kotak 811 Digibank Paytm PhonePe amp Bhim Take a look at their app description. india best hindi blog make money every Thousands. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Parliamentary Committee Worried Over Mounting NPAs Seeks Raghuram Rajans Guidance. INTRO with LOGO. Practical Exportimport courses by Real entrepreneurs https//exportimportpractical.com/: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Bitconnect Asia Head Divyesh Darji Arrested. International Conference on Artificial Intelligence Robotics amp IoT. Best Black Magic Specialists in Mumbai Payment after Work. Home Business Poisons Do You Know These Reasons Why Home Businesses Fail. Jeff Bezos may team up with KM Birla to counter Reliance and Walmart in retail. Bank of India puts on sale 50 corporate NPAs with Rs 55.57 bn outstanding. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. ANZ aims to build a great institutional bank in India Shayne Elliott.. How 3 banking divas tumbled.. DoT blacklists bank guarantees issued by Standard Chartered Bank. GST calculation for new flat purchase: Im planning to buy a new flat in Bangalore. The project is still under construction about 6070 complete with a couple of blocks already occupied. This is the last block to be built and it is likely to complete in a few more months. I wanted to understand how the GST should be calculated for such an apartment. The builder has quoted 6 CGST and 6 SGST on the cost of the flat including parking. A further 9 CGST and 9 SGST are being levied on things like KEB charges Water connection charges club membership maintenance etc. Are these the right percentage of charges for these items Is there anything that shouldnt be under any of these heads . Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. For Investors only Very Legit paying platform: [removed]. CAG report pulls up SAIL for huge coking coal imports. Hiring Technical Sales Executive for Ppc/popup/printer Delhi NCR. India is lagging behind in money.. Debt recovery by PSU banks could be twice of 201718. Truelancer Review freelancing market place. Little Sisters BanquetPark StreetKolkata:  [Visit Website]https//www.littlesistersbanquet.com https//i.redd.it/3cgv7g57owg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/ynzy9387owg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/b9tvv157owg11.jpg Processing img jofplc57owg11... https//i.redd.it/mk2v8057owg11.jpg On Park Street Kolkata with a huge area of 7000 sqft. the banquet has a seating capacity of 500 people and moving party capacity of 700 people. From parties weddings to conferences workshops it is the perfect venue to host your next event. Whether you are planning a corporate gathering or a celebration party the Munroe Auditorium of Little Sisters Banquet provides a customizable venue that can match your needs. Our other services include inhouse catering working lunch services inhouse photographers decorators etc.. Your friendly neighbourhood postman is about to become a banker. Aircel staff takes rescue into own hands.. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India: [removed]. Things to Know Brfore going Abroad for Studies. Indian Bank Hit in 13.5M Cyberheist After FBI ATM Cashout Warning .. girls and boys wedding gauri shankar match maker: [removed]. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Buying Real Estate Abroad: Tons of NRIs living abroad are quick to purchase a home and sometimes do not evaluate all their options. While buying a home has always been considered the best investment in our culture it may not be the best option available. Remittances to the home country can not only yield higher returns but even contribute to the economy. [https//frugalinvestor.blog/2018/07/12/realestatefornris/]https//frugalinvestor.blog/2018/07/12/realestatefornris/. BHIM UPI 2.0 has been officially announced by the NPCI Heres whats new. Website Designing Services Providers in Hisar Designer Co. Visitor identification system visitor log monitoring system Rainmakers: [removed]. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. How to select the best eCommerce solution HawkCode. Basic EPS Vs Diluted EPS. Writeoffs at PSBs grow at faster clip than loan growth.. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. Different food delivery models who should I sleep with. SPI Cinemas CEO Kiran Reddy on why they chose to sell their business to PVR over other multiplex operators.. Worst over for public sector banks Q1 performance much better Government.. Patanjali sales growth slows as rivals launch herbal products.. Anyone knows where to find these: Where do they sell scrap electronics damaged electronics parts. IC cheaps RAMs. I am based on Durgapur. Anywhere I can buy let me know with specific locations. . Why Should You Advertise in 6E World IndiGo International Inflight. Get List of Skilled Black Magic Specialists in Delhi. Furnished office space for rent in Bangalore Rainmakers: [removed]. [YSK] SBIs customer segmentation.: SBI offers several benefits if you keep a certain amount in your account every month. This is usually referred as MAB Monthly Average Balance. Unlike private banks theres no fees and fines if you fail to keep the balance. Youll be automatically upgraded or fall back to a lower segment according to your MAB. There are some loan benefits locker charge and services charge benefits. You can check your approved segment by logging into netbanking. Go to My Account and Profile gt Select your segment. Heres the benefits of [Silver / Gold / Platinum / Diamond segment.]https//retail.onlinesbi.com/sbijava/customersegmentpopup.html also according to your MAB youll be given certain benefits such as free atm usage upgraded branch transaction limits. [Check here]https//i.imgur.com/GhGMTdI.png Again the process is automated according to your MAB.. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar: [removed]. Mauritius bank to launch India subsidiary. Top Resorts in Manali Places to stay in Manali Snow View Hotel: [removed]. DBS India Enables Global B2B Payments Visibility With SWIFT gpi. 11 fund houses sign up with Paytm Money as platform to go live this month. Flipkart outpaces Amazon in sales growth. GST unit cracks down on 3 private banks 1 payment bank for Rs 100cr tax evasion. Kotak Mahindra Bank to open over 100 branches in FY 19. Amazons real rival in India isnt Walmart its Reliance. NPCI launches UPI 2.0 and heres what you need to know about the upgraded version. Banks Are Eyeing 1.5 Trillion in Credit Card Secrets. Why Mukesh Ambanis Reliance not Walmart is Amazons real rival in India. NPCI launches UPI 2.0 with overdraft facility. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. IFSC Code. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Rupee Fall Developments Are Being Monitored Closely To Address Any Situation Says Arun Jaitley. University Assignment Help: [removed]. High Speed Hand Dryers Indias Largest Selling Hand Dryers: Innovative technology from EURONICS inspire offers Jet Hand Dryer Stainless Steel Hand Dryer Automatic Hand Dryer Hand Dryer amp High speed Hand Dryers etc. RIL halts gasoline shipments from Jamnagar site fuel margins spike. Karnataka Government takes a leap towards Cleaner and Greener city under Swachh Bharat Mission issues Model Solid Waste Management Bye Laws 2018. CDSCO clarifies on various aspects regarding grant of additional products and certificates under the Medical Devices Rules 2017. BHULLAR Rice Mill Machinery and Plant Manufacturer and Exporters India. Rupee Slips to Lifetime Low of 70.26 Against the Dollar. Heres How It Affects You. howtosaynoatwork:  This Blog is About basic legal knowlegde and some office work tips click in link to more detail thanks https//rahulvermalegalhelp.blogspot.com/2018/08/howtosaynoatwork.html. Bech De Kharid Le. For Investors only Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. For Investors only Very Legit paying platform: [removed]. Earn just inviting people: [removed]. Part time remote jobs that let you work from anywhere in the world. Professional free Blog Website kasie banaye [Start a Blog Guide]. New norms notified for ATM cash loading. Debit cards Paytm rules the roost in the virtual world but lags in real life. Discover North East India Tour Packages. Happy Independence Day 72nd Independence Day Celebration India: [removed]. Independence Day best deals on Amazon under Rs. 500. PhD Thesis Writing Services and Assistance in India. Aircel Knocks on Supreme Court Doors Asking for Repayment of Rs 453 Crore from Airtel.. New enemy of outsourcing DIY by banks. Sebi slaps Rs 10 lakh fine on two entities for fraud trading.. WhatsApp se paise kaise kamaye Top 7 Tarike. IDBI Bank posts net loss of Rs 2410 crore in Q1. Kotak Mahindra Bank hits a six with 811. PhonePe gets 452 crore funding from parent Flipkart.. Flipkart to expand egrocery store to 56 Indian cities by yearend.. Jio Phone Recharge Plans Exclusive 4G Jio Recharge Offers for Jiousers. Hiring Point Best Placement Consultants in Indore. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Panache. startup motivation: [img]4ktjst1n11g11. PNB scam Govt dismisses Usha Ananthasubramanian from service gives CBI permission to prosecute. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India: [removed]. Nightmare For Rupee Crashes To Lifetime Low Of 70.09 Against The US Dollar. Bulk SMS Services provider in Bangalore: [removed]. Independence Day Special Discounts For You: [removed]. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. Bulk SMS Services Provider in Bangalore: [removed]. SEBI may soon set trading limits for retail investors. How Your Business Can Benefit From Using Infographics: [removed]. Commercial Solar Power Company India ADIRA Solar India. Forecasting future is one thing and desiring future is totally another: We all have the ability to forecast. Forecasting is one thing and desiring from the future is another thing. Based on how economy is going the economist can forecast how the economy will grow in the next year that is also looking into the future but that is not the same as being futureoriented. If I have the capacity to project the future that is one thing but to be obsessed with the future is the entirely different thing. To make the future the center of your action is totally different. There can be two ways of acting One is that I am acting right now and the other is that I already have the image in the mind and based on that image I am working for the future. Unfortunately ninety nine percent of us work according to the second order. See the first model says that I am in love with my books and studies in the present and because I study well in the present so I will do well in the examination which is in future. The second model says that When the examination will be announced when the exam datesheet will be put up then to do well I will start studying. To do well in the future I will start studying. Future comes first for all. That is our model. That is the way of life for ninetynine percent of the people. Future comes first for you and then the present comes. You are reversing the flow of time. In our minds future comes first I want to succeed in that examination so today I must study. The appropriate sequence is Because I am studying hence I will naturally do well in the exam. I am not studying for the sake of exam I am studying because I love to study. Would it not be beautiful if you live this way Then marks would be a byproduct. Marks will not matter what will matter is the time that you spend with your books the joy the fun with the books that is more important. Feel free let it come. Fearlessly let it come. Let there be faith that I am capable of handling whatever will come. I can take it. I will not be scared. I will not shiver. I will not be afraid. Just bring it on. I have a way to respond to it. My intelligence is adequate. There is a challenge I will respond. The world is not a threatening place. Existence has given all this to you how can existence be hostile towards you The past was not hostile the present is not hostile. How can future be hostile Essentially all planning for the future is planning of the present. . Asus eyes bigger share of Indias consumer gaming PC market. As Flipkartowned eBay India shuts shop on August 14 its products will now sell on a new platform. Amazon invests another Rs 2700 crore in India business. Happy Independence Day to All of You.. Bengaluru Karnataka favourite destination for overseas students. SBI ranked as Indias most patriotic brand Survey.. online: [removed]. Netmark MEdical record Review: [removed]. Indian Dollar Carry Trade likely to unravel please read. DBS Report Allays Fears Indias Foreign Reserves Are In Comfortable Range. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India: [removed]. PhD amp Professional Doctorate Dissertation Topic Selection Help Tutors India. Top 10 OET Coaching in Panchkula Centres Classes. Panasonic Smartphones in India:  By Introducing AI Artificial Intelligence in their smart products and phones [Panasonic India]https//mobile.panasonic.com/in/ is helping create transparency in the lives of its customers by making their everyday activities more feasible and convenient. . Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. Trademark Registration in Gurgaon. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. sebi Sebi plans to cap investors equity exposure in line with net worth. List of OET Coaching Centers in Mohali with Phone Number. That Amazons Amit last word before getting fired. Trademark Registration in Gurgaon. PVR buys 72 in SPI Cinemas for Rs 633cr. SBI to sell NPAs Bombay Rayon Fashions Shivam Dhatu worth Rs 2490 cr.. Rakhi making at home. golden opportunity for mobile users in india earn upto 1400 Rs per day. Buy out Think and grow rich by napoleon hill now It will change your life. The Patanjali mystery Investments in a string of businesses with zero operations. This cartoon is really funny. Bajaj wants everything about you.. Bech De Kharid Le: Sell [second hand furniture]https//www.sellbuystuffs.com in India Sell [second hand Car]https//www.sellbuystuffs.com/carinindia/index in India. Sell [second hand Bike]https//www.sellbuystuffs.com/bikeinindia/index in India. Sell [second hand Laptop]https//www.sellbuystuffs.com/laptopinindia/index in India.. Anant Bajaj MD of Bajaj Electricals Passes Away at 41. Zomato expands food delivery to Surat Vizag Bhopal and Bhubaneswar. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. We are the exlusive Born Baby Shop in Anna nagar Ambattur Kolathur Chennai. Purchase Dresses Toys or any baby products from our showroom.. Economic Offenders Court Asks Nirav Modis Bother Sister To Appear Before It On Sept 25. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. Dont worry for cash Personal Loan: [removed]. Should families stay together. SAMRAT TECHNOLOGIES Web amp App Development Company: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Data PROTECTION BILL 2018 The game changer for Indias informational privacy. What licenses do I need before selling Mobile Phones and other electronic items online: [removed]. Things to Keep in Mind Before Moving from One Place to Another Place. India Is Planning To Launch Its Own Cryptocurrency. In Indian banking what goes up does not come down.. Understanding of Stock market: Have always been interested in investing in stocks but have no idea where to start. Know there are few short term courses. Would like to know if there is any sureddit which would help me understand the process or just a general tip from where I could start learning. Thanks in advance. Does ICICI hire call centres personnel to collect documents: I dont know if this is the right place to post this. If its not please guide me to other sites/forums where I can post this. So I applied for an ICICI credit card 2 days ago. I did it online through their website. Filled in all the details and uploaded my documents. After finishing the application process I got an email from ICICI saying my application is underway and Id be getting a call within 2 days. Today I get a call from someone asking me if Id applied for the credit card and then to email them my documents. Although Ive already uploaded them. I would get it if there was some problem with the documents I already uploaded but I was asked to send everything again. I asked her email address and she wanted mine instead. After few minutes I get a very unprofessional email from a gmail Id asking for my documents. The signature was Team Leader Okay Call Centre. I replied asking why she cant process the documents Ive already uploaded to ICICI website and there was no reply. After half and hour this person called me back asking for my documents again. I am kinda confused. I didnt get a call from ICICI and I havent shared my number anywhere else. So is ICICI hiring call centre personnel Im not at all fond about sending my personal documents to this call centre. I applied it in ICICI only because I could do it online not physically go to the bank and I already have an account with them. But this is really pissing me off. Im in Bangalore and I get a call from a call centre in Kolkata with the person trying to talk to me in Bengali. WTF. Anyways Ill go to a ICICI branch tomorrow and see if I can do anything. The service centre calls are always busy and they havent replied to my email. Any suggestions to any other credit card I can apply online Citibank doesnt have a field for my profession in their form. And axis has an apply online section which only ends with our representatives will call you. Again WTF. Hows that online. Inox PVR make every fourth rupee selling food drinks.. Patanjali sales slow down incremental gains in toothpaste ghee decline Report. Patanjali sales slow down incremental gains in toothpaste ghee decline Report. 391.html. Process of issuing licenses and registration certificates to employers and contractors gets digitized under Major Labour Acts. Patient Safety is Everyones Responsibility says the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Zomato expands footprints launches operations in 7 more tier II cities. Samsung Electronics Mentor 20 Indian Startups Samsungs Employee Volunteer Program. 10 Benefits of Wearing Linen Clothing Listly List. Hot Cotton Linen Clothing for Women MYVIGOUR. Amazon Flipkart Paytm mall freedom sale Discounts cashback and more. MSR Dentistry Zygomatic implantologist Chennai Croozi. Flipkart happened as Google rejected me Binny Bansal. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India. DO you wana clear your CA Exam in only one shot.: [removed]. How to Book Advertisement in Gujarat Samachar Newspaper. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar. YouTube testing new algorithmic nonchronological sub feed. Top 20 Website Development and Designing in Mohali Tricity. Cryptokidnapping Or how to lose 3 Billion worth of bitcoin in India xpost r/buttcoin. http//ideaads.com/topwebdesigningandseocompany/supersujata/metaimages/indexpage.jpg. India Self Priming Pumps Market 201820246Wresearch. People across the world are contemplating if the first IKEA store in India will succeed see and decide for yourself. There were insane amount of people so much so that they had to stop people on the road for 45 hours and people still kept coming. Web development companies in Panchkula. Wheres my bonus Private bank CEOs still waiting for their payouts. Public sector banks see sound recovery from bad loan accounts in Q1. Inside Dena Bank The Lender That Doesnt Lend. PayPal partners with HDFC Bank to drive incremental digital spends. PNB looks to rebrand itself as panIndia bank. Fake news menace You can share WhatsApp messages with only up to 5 people. When promoters make up locations to lure buyers. The Cool Act. Ecommerce Website Development and Designing Companies Panchkula. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: \[removed\]. Digital Advertising Services in India/ Drive Brand Awareness/ Leads/. Flipkart forays into online grocery launches Flipkart Supermart. Swedish Home Furnishing Giant IKEA Opens First Retail Store In Hyderabad. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Benefits of Releasing Advertisement in Dainik Jagran. CCI clears Walmarts 16 billion acquisition of Flipkart. FINANCIAL STRENGTH PROFITABILITYPRODUCTIVITY COST REDUCTION CA K HANMANDLOO Money Mantan TV. Fake news menace You can share WhatsApp messages with only up to 5 people. Website development companies in Chandigarh. GST updates in India: \[removed\]. Industry 4.0 The Beginning of a New Era amp Its impact . intraday trading signals for free with our telegram channel join fast: \[removed\]. Wizards of Dalal Street: \[removed\]. How much money banks made via penalty for not maintaining minimum balance check full list.. Odoo Company in India. IKEA tackles high taxes to keep prices low for Indian shoppers. Ikea is spending 1.5 billion to find its future in India. OnePlus shows Apple how to become the Indias top smartphone seller. Off Page Optimization Off Page SEO Tutorial Off Page SEO Step By Ste.... Stock Cash Intraday Equity Tips stock market live. OnePlus shows Apple how to become the Indias top smartphone seller. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India. Rupee spurts 6 paise against US dollar. Top 3 Property Lawyers in Faridabad Advocates for Property Case. Find Top 5 Reliable and CostEffective Bangalore Packers and Movers. Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: \[removed\]. When i used to gain a offer. Zebpay transaction fee slashed by 50. Mastercard plans to invest around Rs 16.25 billion in India by 2019. SBI shifts central accounts hub from Kolkata to Mumbai headquarters. ICICI being sneaky in selling insurance. Indias leading cryptocurrency exchange Zebpay slashed the withdrawal fees by 50 for multiple cryptocurrencies. Bank at smart ATMs soon All you need to know about cash recycling machines. Paytm Money sees half a million users sign up to buy mutual funds.. BMW Car Repair Services in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com: [removed]. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India. Best Beautician Services at Home in Chandigarh. Best Beauty Parlour Services at Home in Chandigarh. IT Infrastructure Services: [removed]. Quitting After 12 Years At Helm of PepsiCo Indira Nooyi Gets Emotional On Her Tweets. CBIC further defers the applicability of Reverse Charge on supply of goods or services or both by any unregistered supplier to a registered person till 30th September 2019. How to Book Dainik Jagran Advertisement Through Bookadsnow. External Fixator Manufacturers: [removed]. For now TVS will focus on BSVI and not electric Venu Srinivasan. BMW car repair and services in Gurgaon Grotal.com. Rajan Nanda When respect matters more than money Forbes India. Wholesale supplier of womens TRENDY Garments. Why Should You Advertise in Hindustan Times Newspaper. ICICI Bank masked bad loans through change in accounting policy. Best Criminal lawyers in FaridabadCriminal Advocates Legal Advisor. With infinite styling options to scurry through from streetstyle and beyond https//za.gl/6i8pGXay: [removed]. Nifty Support amp Resistance Level for 07/08/2018: [removed]. Best Hotel in Manali For Family SNOW VIEW HOTEL: [removed]. Mapping unpaid womens work is Indias next step in jobs puzzle. 100year gift Britannia to issue bonus debentures of Rs 7.2 billion. What are the easiest / best ways for Forex Trading in India : Can I directly connect it to my savings account I had posted [this on r/IndiaInvestments] https//www.reddit.com/r/IndiaInvestments/comments/94ojiz/whatsaretheeasiestbestwaystoinvestinforex/utmsourceredditandroid but was told that it was not relevant for the sub. I have tried surfing r/forex but that seems too U.S centric. I downloaded a few Forex related android apps to learn and they dont seem to help either. I tried checking my banks website and app and they only mention about using Forex for Travel whereas I am looking purely for investment purpose. Please help me where to start as a beginner. . If you are a Director in any Indian Company then you need to read this before 31st August 2018.. Richest Person of India Mukesh Ambani. With 39.5 growth Escorts sells 24494 tractors in Q1. Solar Power Plants India ADIRA Solar: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board making plants manufactures India. L amp K Tailor Bespoke tailors in hong kong custom tailors in hong kong: [removed]. BMW car repair and services in Gurgaon. Cyrus Mistry Challenges His Removal From Tata Sons Moves NCLT. Bringing Back Mehul Choksi India Hands Over Extradition Request To Antigua. Divorce LawyersDivorce Advocates for legal Advice in Faridabad. Sensex Hits Record High Nifty Breaches 11400 Mark. Review The Billionaire Raj by James Crabtree inside the world of Indias superrich. Rupee May Touch 70 a Dollar by December amp More. WS Retail Breaks Up With Old Parent Company Flipkart.. Why are mobile data charges going down in India : Answer anyone... . I started selling helmet hangers for an unforgettable reason. Here is the story...: [removed]. Why Credit cards are not popular as in the western world: Here in India majority of people have debit cards as opposed to credit cards. I wonder why Even I have debit cards and I have never considered getting a credit card. Any reason why not use credit cards . The daily horror of driving to work in Indias Silicon Valley. Is This A Bypass to The Promised Crypto Land Crypto Shib. TUTORIAL LAUNCH on 15th August 2018: [removed]. TUTORIAL LAUNCH on 15th August 2018. How India fits into the global economy It may not be China but at least it isnt Russia. Who is an Entrepreneur: [removed]. What do you think of cryptocurrency: As the RBI case is still on hold till september i would like to know who support cryptocurrency its a shame that india doesnt support cryptocurrency trading because they are afraid of loosing the power and crypto is all about freedom no more spying on our spendings i know that can also lead to people doing crimes.But i truly support crypto for what it is banks are too old now they have to shut their business sooner or lateralmost all powerhouse country are accepting cryptocurrency and we should its time to cut off the middleman cause its time consuming.They should also allow the use of blockchain.. Buy Ayurvedic Medicine for Sleep Best Sleeping Pills Online. Best Promotional Bulk SMS Service for Advertisement and Promotion.: [removed]. Reliance Jio And SBI Partnership. Exhibition stall designer in Mumbai: [removed]. The Public Sector Banking Crisis in India [PDF]. The Public Sector Banking Crisis in India [PDF]. Custom Tailored Suits Hong Kong Suit Tailors in Hong Kong: [removed]. Register get 100 BNDL and 10000 Beta once they sign up for CoinBundle and verify their account. How To Book Advertisement in the Hindu Newspaper Easily amp Instantly. Bespoke Custom Tailors in Hong Kong Tailors in Hong Kong: [removed]. 03 0 Manhattan Bespoke Custom Tailor Tailor in Hong Kong:  Custom Hong Kong Tailors Suits Online at Reasonable Prices We all love fashion and how It is all our inherent wish and desire to adorn the best crafted and styled outfits duly embedded with the accessories that make the entire attire even more worthy and splendid. But our this wish is only attained and fulfilled when we cross paths with the fashion designer or a stylist who ethically understands our fashion needs in accordance to our choices body type body language and the overall personality and lifestyle making us look like a true bonafide fashion star. Apart from offering the Hong Kong Suits Online along with the exclusive and exquisite range of bespoke garments such as shirts trousers tuxedos topcoats overcoats trench coats blazers sports jackets waistcoats and leather jackets amongst others at our online as well as the offline store located in the city of Hong Kong it is our constant attempt to make fashion a classy and glamorous affair for you. The materials used are of the highest grade and standard as we acquire them from the mills and clothiers that follow the genuine manufacturing practices and supply us the finished fabrics and materials that are quite comfortable to the skin whilst adorning plus the colors have an innate sheen and texture that makes the final and the finished product stand out. There is a fine play of final frills such as neckties bowties cravats scarves shirt studs cufflinks pocket squares lapel pins and more to the suits jackets and blazers grab the instant attention of the onlookers. Moreover our garments are reasonably priced as compared to the other Hong Kong Tailors Prices in the market.. Worth 1.02 trillion one Apple equals Indias top 50 firms put together. Are Banks becoming more aggressive in their Marketing strategy nowadays. Who is Vijay Ratnakar Gutte The Accidental Prime Minister director arrested for Rs 34 crore GST fraud. TOP PACKERS AND MOVERS IN GURGAON WITH BEST PRICES. RJio GigaFiber monthly plans leak before prebookings start Details here.. apartment in marathahalli Sobha Dream Series. Transactional SMS Service for Send Alerts amp OTPs via SMS: [removed]. apartment in marathahalli Sobha Dream Series. Embrace for a choppy ride uncertain terrain ahead: [removed]. Apple First Company to hit 1 Trillion Milestone Stocks over 200. Now Listed companies are allowed to increase their depreciated public shareholdings during implementation of Insolvency Resolution Plan. Audio Guide Systems in Gurgaon NCR. India 4th biggest source of spam. ED attaches Rs 328 crore worth assets of Nathella Sampath Jewellery.. RBI bars Fino Payments Bank from enroling new customers.. Earn 100 in crypto just for signing up. SBI ties up with Reliance Jio to accelerate digital transactions. Rent or RentOut Vehicles in India Mix.Rent. Sachin looking to expand his True Blue brand into international market. The Upcoming Labour Codes and its possible implications on your business. Sqrrl App... experience: I recently found an investment app called Sqrrl. It seems to have had good reviews. I havent found anything bad on it so far. Just wanted to ask if anyone has ever used this app or know anyone who has used this app How was the experience Is it worth it . Appthurst Buy App Reviews Buy Android Reviews. Sachin looking to expand his True Blue brand into international market. RBI Governor Urjit Patel Fears Currency War In The Days Ahead. What makes Walmart take this deal so desperately Walmart Flipkart deal detailed Analysis. Best profitable business ideas during monsoon season. Technical Translation Services in Mumbai. Mahindras domestic tractor sales grows 21 in July 2018. United States ease export controls on hightech sales to India. Flipkart set to launch service similar to Amazon Prime on 15th August: [removed]. Dasmesh Brand Water Meters flow meters oil meters residential and Domestic Water Meter: [removed]. Stocks in the news Tata Motors ONGC LampampT Technology Hero MotoCorp IDBI Bank. 7 Indian Firms on Fortune 500 list RIL Moves Up 55 Places. Rajasthan Car Rental Udaipur Car Hire Taxi Rental Services in Udaipur: [removed]. Were on the verge of a global currency war says Indias central bank. Vipin Bhanot Wedding Photographer in Chandigarh Croozi. Becoming a Amazon/Flipkart Seller: I am thinking of becoming a seller on both of these websites by selling a small number of computer parts such as CPU GPU RAM etc. I am getting them from local vendors at a cheaper rate than the listed price on both Amazon and Flipkart even after you take in discounts. As I dont have a lot of capital I cant buy it in bulk except the cheaper stuff I have thought that the more expensive stuff would be bought on per order basis pricing has been sorted out. I was hoping for some input from r/India regarding any suggestions or just general advice on this would be greatly appreciated.. Indias Payments Banks Trip On EKYC Rules. Help for First Time Tax Payer: Hello. I started working at a small startup in Bangalore about a year and a half ago. Being a small company there is no one I can really comfortably as about filing taxes. I do not have any investments have not been to the hospital and do not pay any house rent. Basically Ive nothing to do really. All the tax Ive paid has been TDS. I recieved my Form16 from the company a while ago and need to get around to filing my taxes now. I looked online at a bunch of different articles and they each summarize differently. I still have a few open questions I plan on using cleartax to file my taxes. Is this a good idea Do I need to register myself as a tax payer somewhere I have a PAN card unused till date adhaar etc. Do I go someplace and tell the Govt. that Im . tax payer Do I simply upload my form16 to cleartax and fill in all the blanks to complete my filing or are there things to do after that Im quite apprehensive about all this and any help would be appreciated . 2 Way Tour Guides in Mumbai. Top 10 2 Way Tour Guides System on rental at best price in Bangalore. Reliance Jio Phone 2 Jio GigaFibre prebookings start on Aug 15 Know more. RBI tells Paytm Payments Bank to stop adding new customers with immediate effect. Step out in style with linen this summer. How To Register On EFiling Portal Income Tax eFiling Registration. Step out in style with linen this summer. Air Conditioner Refrigerator Microwave Washing machine Ro repair ampamp service Patna. Online Taxi Car Rental Service Local One Way Car Rental. OnePlus just surpassed Samsungs flagship phone sales in India for the first time. Online Trademark Registration Consultants in Gurgaon. RIL becomes Indias most valued firm again surpasses TCS in market cap. Ayurveda Uplift Your Mind Body amp Soul at Best Ayurvedic Therapy Center India. Vashikaran Specialist In Delhi Molvi Badshakha91 9636849815: [removed]. Top 10 Advocates in Gurgaon Best Lawyers in Gurgaon. Top 10 Bulk Whatsapp Messaging Services in Panchkula. Would Mallya extradited to India final hearing today G News. Importance Is an International Travel Card for Frequent Business Travellers: [removed]. Redditors of India what are some everyday finance hacks that you use: Like it says share your smarts so everyone is a little wiser.. 4 Star Hotels in Manali SNOW VIEW HOTEL best hotels in Manali: [removed]. RBI cancels licences of 35 NBFCs over 100 companies blacklisted in July alone.. Shuttl raises 11 million funding from Amazon India others.. Half of bank deposits contributed by individuals RBI data. Perform and get paid Public sector banks plan to link pay with performance. HDFC Q1 net profit rises 54 onyear to Rs 2190 crore to raise 1.5 billion through ECBs. DBS Banks FY18 net loss at Rs 533 crore. apartments for sale in whitefield Sobha Dream Series. How to easily send and receive payments from overseas for Indians.: [removed]. Hero Motocorp relaunches Karizma ZMR with BSIV engine Know price changes. Bulk Whatsaap Services in Mohali. IBM Groupon Trail IBM Won Patent Fight with 83 Million Against Groupon. sexologist in bhopal. Apple iPad Pro 2018 to get Face ID gesturebased UI lose 3.5mm audio jack. How to Book Advertisement in Eenadu Newspaper at Lowest Ad Rates. Apply for GST Registration Online. India Power Tools Market 201820246Wresearch. Indian Custom Duties: [removed]. Employers eager to hire try a new policy No experience necessary. Indias Logged a Record 98 Billion in Deals This Year. Netflix and Hulu only for 1.50 for 6 months : [removed]. Help with Tax: So basically Im an 18 year old student and I found a website called Usertesting where you review websites and for each one you get 10 . I didnt like internships and I wanted a small source of income to spend on my own entertainment . The only source of withdrawal from this website is through PayPal and the problem is I need a verified PayPal which requires a pan card . My dad however wasnt ready to let me use it as he was telling that he would have to do tax reports for that and stuff if its related with a pan card . Im looking forward to try and make 50/week will I have to pay taxes for this or what Im sorry I dont much about stuff and I just want some way for this to work. Thank you . Earn Money By This Application. How to start a small business in India. Mizoram PSC Recruitment 2018 Apply for 05 Forest Ranger Posts Sarkari Alert Blog Latest Government Jobs. Submit Your ITR effortlessly. Business Model of Trivago How does Trivago earn money. Past karma brings home historic loss for ICICI Bank. Introducing Spuul amp Spokkz Spokkz Medium. Spring Edge Global Messaging Servers and Bulk SMS Service India. 12 FACTS ABOUT MUKESH AMBANI IT WILL MAKE YOU DUMBSTRUCK: [removed]. Nifty Crash 2018 according to PE Ratio. Sanitary Napkins to be cheaper by 1.52.5 not 12.. HCL Tech displaces Wipro as Indias third largest IT firm. Business Model of Paytm How do they earn money. Things you need to know about ring shaped rash. How does Paytm earn money: [removed]. Male To Male Body Massage in Delhi. Bulk SMS Services in Mohali. At 176.35 mn tonnes milk production up 6.6 in 201718 MoS Agriculture. Admission Software Free Download Cyber School Manager Mohali. Zuckerberg faces new risks as scandalhit Facebook nears a saturation point. Reliance Jio to invest Rs 500 bn in fibretohome foray launch by yearend. Matrimonial business idea. Relief Govt extends income tax return filing deadline till August 31. How the top Money Managers fared: [removed]. Berklee India Exchange Announces Winners of Vocal Contest and Adds. Exclusive HPCL cancels Iran oil shipment after insurer excludes coverage sources. Big Data Startup Iqlect raises 2.5 million in funding. Menzerna India: [removed]. Bond investors shun India citing lack of reassurance from RBI. Franchise Business Opportunity Provider Bhubaneswar Odisha: Bharat Franchise is the best franchise business opportunity provider in Bhubaneswar deals with buying and selling of franchise giving ideas of running franchise business. Franchise business nowadays is the most profitable business. Franchise business provides wide range of scope to become a successful business person in few days. Bharat business sells franchise of different branded companies to those who want to run his own business with low investment.. VBS GLOBAL EXPO. Business Model Policy Bazaar Coverfox etc.. Govt moves Delhi High Court to recover 3.8 bn from Reliance Industries Shell and ONGC. All You Need to Know about Electrical Components in Car. shopno. Amit Burman created a 100 crore restaurant business from scratch. Flipkart is evading taxes: Recently I ordered something on Flipkart and while reading the invoice I found 5 gst unusual as there is usually 12 and 18 GST on most of the common products. So I checked online and found that the [HSN ]https//www.gstkeeper.com/gstratehsnsaccodefindercode mentioned on the product invoice has 12 GST but Flipkart is only paying 5 of taxes as GST to the government. Invoice photo [https//imgur.com/xnql8r1]https//imgur.com/xnql8r1 Tool where you can find GST against products HSN Code [https//www.gstkeeper.com/gstratehsnsaccodefinder]https//www.gstkeeper.com/gstratehsnsaccodefinder. Maruti Brezza is the Maruti automakers car number 2 crore Details. Business Model Truecaller. Simplify bill payments. Paytm karo.. The Government Splits Position of Chairperson amp Managing Directors in Listed Companies. Itech Solutions Bangalores well established and costeffective IT solutions.: [removed]. India Art Stationery Market 201820246Wresearch. Insurance industry must play a pivotal role in Indias growth story Vice President. Business Model of Food Delivery startups Swiggy Foodpanda etc.. Silent Garba Headphones in Delhi. Silent Garba Headphones in Mumbai. I found out today that my employer does not file TDS on my behalf. Need help as to how to go about filing my returns for assessment year 201819: [removed]. Silent Party Headphones in Mumbai. End to Mukesh Ambanis telecom price war may be 185 million users away. Maruti Suzuki teases Ciaz 2018 in a Nexa promotional video Things to know. find your ideal service provider in gurgaon: [removed]. Just got a demat account. What are some good trading advice apps sites or magazines. Indias largest exchange Zebpay announced new feature Address Whitelisting from which you can do high volume cryptocurrency transactions. Unemployed for over a month Withdraw 75 of your PF says Labour Ministry. Hostel Management System Cyber School Software Best Software for Your Hostel. Got it Done: [removed]. Contact 9604766768 Best HotelJannatCelebration at Wani. Apply SBI Personal Loan Online Feb 2018 Cheapest ampamp Lowest Interest Rates Eligibility Delhi/NCR Noida. Apply SBI Personal Loan Online Feb 2018 Cheapest ampamp Lowest Interest Rates Eligibility Delhi/NCR Noida: [removed]. I have 100 i am looking for investment ideas: [removed]. Centre likely to issue guidelines on cryptocurrency by September. How to Transfer Money From SBI ATM Card to Bank Account. Badminton Lockers at Elite Bengaluru Club Reveal Assets in Crores. If you could hold only 5 stocks for 20 years which one you choose I would choose HDFC Bank / L amp T Finance / MRF Tyree / ITC / Torrent Power...: [removed]. Tata Harrier to take architecture cues from Jaguar Land Rover Details here. Is protection money or hafta vasooli still prevalent in India: Are shops restaurantsboth small and big asked for protection money by hooligansor policemen which is true for Thadi etc Or is this practice mostly left behind with the times. Inter Caste Marriage Problem Solutions in Chennai Guaranteed Solution. Sebi norms Infosys TCS among 291 listed firms asked to split CMD post. Are you ready to relocate to Bangalore or looking for job in Bangalore. Husband Vashikaran in BangaloreVashikaran Specialist. Language Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai Grotal.com. General Surgeons mailing list: [removed]. From Sept 1 twoyear third party insurance must for cars fiveyear for bikes SC. GoogleAdwords. Get your CIBIL score on WhatsApp Wealthpedia: [removed]. Untold truths about mutual funds Wealthpedia. Jio Fiber JioGigaFiber The price you pay could be too heavy for your liking. I need bank reviews for my first salary account: Hey reddit I am starting out with my corporate career next month and am looking for the best options to get a salary account. I am looking for a bank with good customer support bank website/app and decent credit card options in that order. Please give in your suggestions thanks. Riteish amp Genelia Deshmukh Invest in Homeopathy Treatment Platform Welcomecure.com. India airport removes United Airways plane from parking bay banglatribune.com. http//irctctatkalsoftware.co.in/: [removed]. Inspector General Refused Criminal Investigation On Massive Counterfeiting Boeing Safety Critical Parts. The Apple iPhone could get kicked off Indias wireless networks in six months. Why Rates Not Matter While Releasing Ads in Colors TV: [removed]. Why you love trade.io: Blockchain Technology Benefit from an indelible receipt on every transaction within your account to ensure complete transparency through the Blockchain. . Shade Net Making Machine Manufacturers India: [removed]. Super Sujata Paper Corrugated Board Making Plant Manufacturers India: [removed]. Cost of rs 1 bn to be incurred in recalibrating atms for new rs 100 notes. Instagram Se Paise Kamane ke 5 Tarike. Slag Crusher Plant Manufacturer Exporters in India: [removed]. COMING SOON NITESH KATARE..You have definitely heard stories of a middle class boy turning into a millionaire but it happens a very few times that you get to know about a boy inspiring millions to change their lives.. Ripple Gets Ready For Investing Cryptocurrency XRP In India Worth 880 Million. COMING SOON Nitesh KatareInspiring Millions: [removed]. Wipro Q1 net profit beats estimates to Rs 21.2 bn on higher revenue. Top 10 Plumbing Contractors in Bangalore Services. Release Advertisement in Hindustan Times with Bookadsnow. Liquidity crisis for gems jewellery sector as Nirav Modi case scares banks. Plumbing Contractors in Bangalore. Painting Contractors in Bangalore. Jio will start monsoon hungama scheme from 5.01 pm on July 20.. Medical Institutions mailing list: [removed]. HTC Says Will Continue to Sell Smartphones in India in Response to Reports of Ceasing Operations. Indias top 5 stock brokerages by market share.. Did not expect this. RBI to soon issue new Rs 100 note in lavender colour. favorablecircumstancesofadoptingtraveltechnologybyonlinetravelagency: anbyteinfotech.com Over the globe people are beginning to rely upon [mobile software]https//anbyteinfotech.com/ entryway. They dont consider it an optional indulgence yet rather a key bit of their personality and who they have to transform into. Twenty to multi year olds particularly regard the experience related with movement entry improvement and jump at the chance to place assets into endeavors rather than genuine purchases. On the off chance that youre a startup wander out office and need to indication of yourself as per the present voyager an travel packages door is must for you. They have helped web design software destinations with becoming colossal. Appointments Daily is one such web design agency . It empowers the movement organizations to have their own specific travel entrance for FREE while offering the best courses of action on flights and motels all around. To take in additional about this respect winning stage tap the association underneath [https//anbyteinfotech.com/]https//anbyteinfotech.com/ [anbyte infotech]https//i.redd.it/tae7pbz24wa11.png. New 100 rupee currency note in lavender colour to be issued soon. ReactNative in Chandigarh. Labour India Gurukulam CBSE School Premier education insititute Kerala India. Just landed a job. I am absolutely clueless regarding finances. Please help: [removed]. Latest Designer Fashion Jewelry Show: [removed]. Aquaguard Services in Kochi Ernakulam. Aquaguard RO Water Purifier Repair in Kochi Ernakulam. Bank union calls Amitabh Bachchans jewellery ad with daughter Shweta disgusting. Sanju pixel art timelapse. DBS Bank to partner fintech companies to widen reach in India. BMW G 310 R launched today at Rs 2.99 lakh G 310 GS at Rs 3.49 lakh. Top 10 High Court Lawyers in Allahabad Advocates Attorneys. How the Growth of ECommerce Is Shifting Retail Jobs: There are many levers you can pull to grow your ecommerce business. But not all have the same impact. IThe truth is making small changes to your online store like editing a button or testing a new headline isnt always the best way to grow your business. Here you will find some tips [https//pay.g2a.com/blog/areyoumakingthesecrossborderecommercemistakes/]https//pay.g2a.com/blog/areyoumakingthesecrossborderecommercemistakes/ . Why Should You Choose Iotech Partners. SBI Holdings Publically Launched Worlds First BankOwned Crypto Exchange In Japan. High gloss acrylic sheet Suraj Wood. Apps should collect minimal data like UIDAI does for Aadhaar Trai chief. Advocates in Allahabad. Cost Classification https//goo.gl/nZz1mH. LocallyAssembled Kawasaki ZX10R Sold Out In 15 Days Of Launch. Scamhit PNB nets Rs 1.5 billion in FY18 as below minimum balance penalty. Punjab National Bank has collected Rs 1.51 billion as penalty from its customers in FY18 for not keeping minimum balance in savings accounts. reimagine cafe as coworking space: [removed]. reimagine cafe as coworking space in hyderabad: Looking for a workspace in budget hyderabad Coworking 50/day Hyderabad Get your laptop and start working workout in multiple location fully furnished space unlimiteduninterrupted WIFI delicious food menu good ambience flexible work plan have you taken advantages of FREE TRAIL sign up here with no string attached https//flexzone.in/login visit https//flexzone.in. How to Make a Website in 6 mins Very Simple amp Very Easy. News SBI Bank News. Bulk SMS Gateway API A Free API Built for SMS Developers: [removed]. Indias banking revolution has left its villagers behind. Matrimonial Advocates in Allahabad. Morpheus India Consulting: [removed]. Criminal Lawyers in Allahabad. Return overtime compensation SBI to staff of former associate banks. ICICI Bank begins external probe into NPA irregularities based on whistleblower complaint. Paytm Money WhatsApp Group Link Of 2018. The Worlds 13 Richest Young Self Made Billionaires. Shocking 1 relief for Maharashtra farmers. You must read these 7 Benefits of Early Filing Income Tax Return before its too late.. 7 Countries where every Indian is rich. Step out in style with linen this summer. holiday home nainital. Apple India Apple reins in smaller retailers to choke discounts. Bulk SMS Gateway API Simplied the Coding for Developers.: [removed]. Body Spa in Udaipur. Call 8506844130 Mayaa VIP Independent Nagpur Escorts: [removed]. Thai Massage in Udaipur with contact details. How To Book Online Telegraph Advertisement at Lowest Rates. Free Bitcoin Mining Site Hashrim. Get 100 Gh/s as Bonus. No Investment N.... WHO SAID STOCK COMMODITY FOREX MARKET TRADING IS TOUGH: [removed]. Report Apple Restructuring Its India Sales Division After Weak iPhone Sales in First Half of 2018. Need a team for App Design: [removed]. No claimants for Indialinked dormant Swiss bank accounts. Infosys vs TCS What was a battle of equals in 2009 is barely a competition today.. Intensive Advance Diploma Course in Spanish Delhi. why i need to send demat account ECN for while i have open online demat account like zerodha: [removed]. No Make in India Reliance plans to import JioPhone 2 devices at 0 customs duty says TMA. Could you please pay now and give us the transaction ID: Two guys walked up to me when I was about to enter my home this evening and started lecturing me about atrocities being committed against girl children and how their organisation never heard of them wont name either took care of the victims. After a lengthy lecture they asked me to contribute towards their cause. I asked for their details and where their office was located so that I can go and contribute myself. I have been conned like this before so I never pay such solicitors by cash. They started to show me their website and asked to make a payment there. I said Ill do it afterwards. Then they asked me to pay then and there and give them the online transaction ID. I understood what was going on. This is a standard method of hosting fund raising competitions. Those who collect the most money win something. Its also a trick used by scammers to force you to pay right then. I told them I wasnt going to do it right then and asked them to look elsewhere. If they were really genuinely concerned about girl children they wouldnt have insisted on the transaction ID. They were just concerned with winning some competition and they dont mind using stories of abused children to extract money. Thats just sick. If you want to help these children go and directly fund an NGO that you know and trust. Dont become a part of these nasty games. And never pay cash in hand.. Morpheus Human Consulting Career Opportunities: [removed]. Zoomcar Car Rentals 15 Off Coupon Deals Promo Code for July 2018. Billionaire Ambani Topples Jack Ma as Asias Richest Person. Ambani pockets becoming heavy... Why to wear Fashion Jewelry Know the Reason to wear Jewelry for Every Women: [removed]. Congress Asks Government Who Is Indias Finance Minster Piyush Goyal Or Arun Jaitley. Bookmytechnician.com. HSN Codes with GST list: Can someone give me a link or upload a HSN Codes list with GST Rates in csv xls format I just cant seem to find this anywhere. Would appreciate your help thanking you in anticipation.. www.bookmytechnician.com. Bulk SMS Gateway API helpful in Digital Marketing Through Mobile: Bulk SMS Gateway API is a quite famous thing in todays marketing world. However you can integrate providers API into your software/application/website to send messages in one click. The SMS API integration is used to simply and personalized text SMS into the suitable format in order to prepare them for receiving. To know more please visit http//www.msgclub.net/ [Bulk SMS Gateway API]https//i.redd.it/32qa985t0v911.jpg. Bookmytechnician: [removed]. Mukesh Ambani topples Jack Ma as Asias richest person. An overview of Indian Retail market. Bookmytechnician. Bookmytechnician.com. Bookmytechnician: [removed]. Blockchain development. Create own cryptocurrency. Team looking for a job: [removed]. Use Instamojo to earn rewards on my credit card. Possible: Are there any tax implications if I create a Instamojo account as a Individual owner of a business and then use a credit card that I own to do a business transaction and then transfer that amount to my bank account Will that transaction be considered as additional income for me Currently Instamojo charges 2amp37 Rs. 3 as fees for doing this and my credit card HDFC Infinia has higher returns than this. Rs. 5 for every Rs. 150 spent. . ICICI Prudential Life Insurance in Gurgaon NCR. Packaging Design Near Me Olio Creative Digital Agency. Indias largest crypto exchange Zebpay holds out hope for crypto community in India. ICICI Prudential Contact Number in Gurgaon NCR. Hi randians got my first job out if college any financial advice: [removed]. Video Lecture on HRM for BBMBBABCom and MBA students: [removed]. Kalyan Jewellers claims to have taken a hit of Rs 5 billion due to a spate of fake messages and videos on social media. Every Indian Startup that got Funded in 2018. Buy/Sell Bitcoins in India after RBI ban: After the banning of selling and buying of cryptocurrency in India the whole market is looking for ways to sell and buy cryptocurrency online. We at CoinUpi has come with a userfriendly fast and secure way of doing so. The following are the few features of our way of trading cryptocurrency \You can stay completely anonymous. \No signup or login required. \Userfriendly and easy to use. \Your bitcoin stays completely secured with escrow \Use UPI to pay hence easy and instant payment. \Sell and buy bitcoin in under 1 minutes. \No overpricing or underpricing. \Realtime market rates. We have few sellers. Go on and try buying some bitcoins or list your bitcoin and sell your bitcoin in minutes. You will not be disappointed. Website [http//www.coinupi.com]http//www.coinupi.com/ Get started [http//m.me/coinupi]https//m.me/coinupi \[PUBLIC RELEASE COMING SOON\] For any query reply to this post. https//i.redd.it/nua38mk9wk911.png. Confused about my Career.: Are there anyone who are into the following profiles in Investment Banking firms like in like Hedge funds Venture capital Derivatives Private equity Corp Finance MampA Equity Research mean Im a fresher graduate really passionate about IB. How can i get my hands on an IB internship/job And yes i would be preparing for CAT and CFA but right now im more concerned about finding a job/internship in Finance.. Mindboggling Answers of IIT Campus Placement Interview Questions and answers IIM IAS/UPSC/IPS. In pictures Worlds most expensive office locations. Professional Digital Marketing amp Web development Institute In Pune. Kalpataru Expansia Thane. ROLLERCOASTER [OC] pnpcomics. Laptop Buy Guide How to buy Good laptop full details hindi. Legal documents for all new entrepreneur minded Indians amp Indian startups. Reliance becomes second Indian company after TCS to breach the 100billion mark.. Trademark Registration in Faridabad. Star Plus Advertisement Booking at lowest Rates. Top 10 Body Massage Centers in Udaipur. World Bank says India beat France to become sixth largest economy Report. Best Offers for Full Body massage Centers in Udaipur Rajasthan. From garage to global impact Machine manufacturers growth story over 3 decades Grindmaster. Must watch only for crypto investor:  Fasten ur seatbelts to the moon BTCholders . My 0.02. Axis board shortlists three candidates for CEO post. Indian Investors Set Up Multimillion Dollar Cryptocurrency Fund in USA Overcoming Present Ban in India. Vancay. Bookmytechnician: [removed]. Business Vs Ethics Tradeoffs In India:  Most Indians are not unethical in the daytoday life. Youll find numerous incidents where an auto rickshaw or a cab driver has returned your wallet or a shopkeeper may have pointed out that you have paid extra money or vice versa. We dont usually find fraudsters in our routine life. Not every day we are being cheated by someone. I have travelled across the country by road and have met many people who would empathise with you and assist you. Most of the people in rural India are humble and simple and they are also introvert and shy. [The changing face of corporate India]https//www.ceobottomline.com/blog/details/1/BusinessVsEthicsTradeoffsInIndia In the last two decades we have witnessed that media has lamented corporate brands of India for frauds. From IT companies to diamond merchants from manufacturing companies to service companies from banking to public administrations time and again everyone has been subjected to the scrutiny of the public or law. Corporate ethical failures have become painfully familiar around the world and they arent cheap. In the last decade billions of dollars have been paid in fines by companies charged with ethical breaches. While it may seem that an increase in vigilance and a rigorous implementation of governance policies is the solution to the problem it may work as a temporary solution but it isnt the real solution. [CEO Community]https//www.ceobottomline.com/. Blimp Balloon Advertising and Hydrogen Balloon Advertising In Bangalore: [removed]. Turn Your Desk Into A Learning Station. Copyright Registration Services in Uttrakhand. Patent Registration in Chandigarh. RIP Nano. Worlds cheapest car goes up in smoke.. Worlds largest cellphone factory opens at Noida UP. Recommendation for online jobs.: I am young and ready to earn some money But my parents wont let me get out of the house alone not that I want to anyway. I am proficient in English reading/writing/whatever. I am a graduate. I googled some jobs but all of those seem kinda fake. Something along the lines of completing offers and adreading. What do you guys suggest Does anyone here know of any online job I can do from my home No coding/programming.. Dying to Survive How a Leukemia Patient amp an Indian Cancer Drug Rocked China. How is Zomato able to afford the 50 off on such a large scale. With Some Conditions To Be Met Telecom Ministry Gives Nod To Vodafone Idea Merger. Royal Enfield Classic 500 Pegasus edition bookings begin. Know About Cryptocurrency CTA Coin: [removed]. Advocates in Gurgaon NCR. BMT. Bookmytechnician: [removed]. Bookmytechnician.com. SBI Cards plans to launch 4 new products this fiscal. Modi S. Korean PM inaugurate worlds largest mobile manufacturing plant in Noida. Honda Launches First Reverse Gear Bike In India. MumbaiAhmedabad bullet train Godrej Group moves HC against land acquisition. Need some help with extracting money from India: Hi everyone So my mother has a lot of real estate that we want to sell off in India since we are moving to another country. My mother is NRI and so am I now. We live in Europe and want to buy a house here. How can she withdraw the money from India which is not in a NRO account to bring it to Europe I can only find how to send money back to India but not from India to another country outside India. As far as I know my mother has an NRO account as well but i dont know if we can transfer the money locally from a local account to an NRO account in India. Thanks . Samsung sets up worlds largest mobile manufacturing facility in India. Ridiculously high pricing of televisions in India: One can find a decent 55 4k HDR TV for something like [597.99]https//www.walmart.com/ip/SAMSUNG55Class4K2160PUltraHDSmartLEDTVUN55NU7200FXZA2018Model/939622535 \Rs.41200 in US and [AED 2299]https//uae.souq.com/aeen/lg55inch4kultrahdledsmarttv55uj634v23605872/i/specs \Rs.43000 in UAE while a similar model would cost more than a lac in India. Just have a look at the pricing of this Samsung Series 7 55 4k HDR TV Flipkart price is [Rs.139999]https//www.flipkart.com/samsungseries7138cm55inchultrahd4kledsmarttv/p/itmevhpaehbsvw4ypidTVSEVHPA9ZZ5FV5Kampsrnos12ampotrackersearchamplidLSTTVSEVHPA9ZZ5FV5KRNI2NOampfmSEARCHampiid9ffc34586db34e0d9abb993ba9cbd90c.TVSEVHPA9ZZ5FV5K.SEARCHamppptSearch20PageampppnSearchampssidcvg9bjqwmsqpr7k01531117339647ampqHb94365c3c15f23c9 and Paytm price is [Rs.130300]https//paytmmall.com/samsung1397cm55ultrahdsmartledua55mu7000klxlCMPLXLARSAMSUNG139DUMM202568DE7F5BEpdp after factoring cashback USA Price 689.96 [689.96]https//www.amazon.com/SamsungElectronicsUN55MU700055InchUltra/dp/B06XG311P8/refsr11stvampieUTF8ampqid1531117767ampsr11ampkeywords55MU7000 \Rs.47500 UAE price [AED 2469]https//uae.souq.com/aeen/samsung55inchledultrahd4ksmarttvbuiltinreceiver55mu700023354947/i/ \Rs.46200 Approximately 300amp37 price rise. A similar price difference can be seen across different models and sizes. Even our neighboring countries sell for much less Bangladesh price [TAK 89500]https//www.bdstore24.com/products/productdetails/50091/samsungelectronics55mu700055inch4kultrahdsmartled \Rs.73600 Pakistan price [ PKR 104000]https//homeshopping.pk/products/Samsung5555MU7000UHD4KSMARTLEDTVPriceinPakistan.html \Rs. 58900 The government levy an import duty of 10amp37 for commercial purpose plus 28amp37 GST on televisions. Even after adding middleman/retailer profits it shouldnt be as ridiculously high as the current scenario. Xiaomi has taken a good initiative for selling a 55 HDR tv for Rs.45000. I havent seen the panel but reviews suggest its a good quality panel made by Samsung itself. They sell the similar model in China for [CNY 2999]https//gadgets.ndtv.com/tv/news/mitv4s55inchlaunchedpricespecificationsxiaomi4khdrtv1830275 \Rs.31000. Its price 31000 10amp37 28amp37 43648 is justifiable considering the import duty and GST. Also if Xiaomi is able to sell a 55 4k HDR Samsung made panel for less than 50k what is stopping Samsung to deliver a more sensible pricing for its 4k HDR panels than something like Rs.139999. Note Prices have been taken at the time of writing and are subject to change or removed.. Ridiculously high pricing of televisions in India: [removed]. Mobile Ledger account/Khata at your fingertips.: [Mobile ledger]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.praveencomp.www.mobileledger Keep your ledger/account/Khata information at your fingertips. Find information fast easy and organized. Get payment reminders and support for GST. Get valuable insights about your business and customers.. Analyst calls Reliance Jios GigaFiber targets unrealistic. Worlds Largest Mobile Phone Factory Set to Open in India. Laminate Manufacturers in Gujarat Amulya Mica. Does Jio GigaFiber amp GigaTV mark the end of Cable amp DTH industry in India. Best Stock Market App Advisorymandi. Test RX. Trademark Registration in Dehradun. Bookmytechnician. Bookmytechnician: [removed]. Bookmytechnician.com. Good sources to improve financial and market knowledge: Hello guys I am looking for some Indian websites or youtube channels to learn more about financeeconomymarkets and money in general. My goal is to be able to have awareness and an opinion on various happenings on the Indian and global financial sector. Eg. Chinas economic policy and its impact. I do not have a background in finance or economy so I will prefer it to be easy readings. I would also like a jargon buster sort of a source. Like what is SENSEX and all. Can someone help me out here Regards KP . How to buy Bitcoin in India after RBI ban. Samsung India puts Noida on top with worlds largest mobile factory. [REQUEST] Personal finance advice for a 24 year old: Hello everyone as the title suggests seeking some advice regarding my present financial condition. I decided to post this here because r/personalfinance posts always seem to revolve around what one can do in the US and some or most of those options seem to be unavailable in India. Heres my present financials 8 lacs as savings liquid in bank accounts 2 lacs in FDs about 1 lac each in two deposits both are set to mature this year 2.2 lacs in mutual funds present value with monthly SIPs of 19.5k 1.76 lac invested in stocks currently valued at 1.85 My yearly CTC is about 8 lacs with monthly take home of around 60k. I am presently living at home so I do not need to pay rent but I expect to have to move for work in the near future within 2 months so I would expect to start paying at least 15k out of that income in rent and utilities. I have no education loans and no debts. Nor does my family. I have company provided health insurance with a 3 lac cover could be 5 not very sure In terms of what I have planned in the future I plan on taking the GRE this year around October to apply for PhD programmes in the US I already have a masters degree. Taking into consideration the test and application fees I expect this to cost around 1.5 lacs. This is for the term starting in fall 2019. With regards to durable purchases do not particularly enjoy driving roads in Kolkata so no plans on buying a car anytime soon. Have a perfectly functioning laptop and phone so no expenses on those front for the next two years. Suffice to say I am extraordinarily lucky in terms of my present financial condition. Most of the savings figure is attributed to the extremely generous gifts that I have received from my grandparents. I am seeking advice on two fronts 1. Investment avenues with 8 lacs sitting in the bank account I am losing a lot of money due to the low rate of returns. I have been reading that a market correction is coming soon is time to up my monthly SIPs I am usually on the lookout for legit IPOs but I missed HDFC GIC and Bandhan. Subscribed to RITES but did not get any shares allocated. My account manager at my bank seems to be hellbent on getting me an ULIP do you guys have any experience on this and is this a good idea What about the upcoming ICICI PHD NFO I have a fairly long term investment appetite dont mind my money being help up for 10 years or more. 2. Tax savings I have already exhausted my 1.5 lac quota of 80C with PPF deposits. Hence I am looking to buy a more comprehensive health insurance. Not interested in just cancer and heart cover. Looking for allencompassing cover. I am a glaucoma suspect so I would like my eyes to be covered under the scheme any recommendations I dont smoke TLDR I have a lot of cash sitting in my bank account how do I invest it How do I save tax on my 60kamonth earnings apart from PPF Whats a good allencompassing health insurance cover Thank you for your time. CAT EXAM 2018 NEW NOTIFICATION OUT CAT Exam Eligibility Pattern Fees Dates: [removed]. Best Dental Materials In India Online Dental Store India: [removed]. IVF Treatment in Ludhiana. IVF Centers in Ludhiana. Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana. Infertility Treatment in Amritsar. Infertility Treatment in Patiala. 10 Inexpensive Ways For Advertising Your Small Businesses. Share Market is very volatile and much risky : [removed]. Big crackdown CBI arrests 2 retired Bank of India officials in Rs 2654 crore loan fraud case. Car Seat Cover Manufacturers. Vijay Mallya debt Rs 963 crore already recovered a significant part expected from UK assets says SBI. India plans to pick up 70 stake in Sri Lankan ghost airport likely to invest Rs 16.6 billion. Are You Looking For Transformers Dealers in Visakhapatnam. Microsoft mulls launching its Movies amp TV app on iOS and Android Report. Richest Indian Mukesh Ambani challenges richest man Jeff Bezos. Top 100 Private Engineering Colleges in India 2018. UK court allows officers to enter Vijay Mallyas residence. Good call. Mukesh Ambani Launches New Phone At Rs 2999 Jio Phone 2. Air Compressor Dealers in Gurgaon NCR. Mukesh Ambani announces highspeed broadband Jio Phone 2 with WhatsApp FB. How RBI choked Indias cryptocurrency ecosystem.. What to expect from Reliance Industries 41st AGM today: Media reports suggest that RIL could announce the commercial launch of its broadband venture JioFiber service. The Mukesh Ambanicontrolled oiltoretailtotelecom conglomerate [Reliance Industries]http//www.moneycontrol.com/india/stockpricequote/refineries/relianceindustries/RIRIL will hold its 41st annual general meeting AGM on July 5 2018. The AGM will begin at 11 am at Birla Matushri Sabhagar 19 Sir Vithaldas Thackersey Marg near Bombay Hospital and Medical Research Centre in Mumbai. For the last few years RIL has made massive Jiorelated announcements during the AGM and the trend is expected to continue. Not to forget the highlyanticipated JioPhone was launched at the same event last year which was made available for a refundable deposit of Rs 1500. Reports suggest that RIL could well announce the commercial launch and prices for its broadband venture JioFiber service. So what is JioFiber and how is it different from other broadband connections JioFiber is the latest offering from Jio for your home. It offers ultimate broadband experience to surf stream game and work because of its ultrafast upload and download speeds and effective functioning in merely milli seconds. JioFiber connectivity comes directly to your home unlike in most cases where the fiber reaches only until the building and the last few meters of end connectivity is done using the traditional cable which drastically reduces the speed and user experience due to patches and inferior cable qualities of such patch up. The current offer as listed on the Jio website is the JioFiber preview offer which gives you ultra highspeed internet up to 100Mbps for 90 days along with a monthly data quota of 100 GB and a complimentary access to a host of Jios premium apps.. holiday home nainital. Deutsche Bank bets on India zeroes in on badloan cleanup to generate outsized returns. Reserve Bank of India grants licence to Bank of China to operate here. In last 12 months Mukesh Ambani has made 12 deals worth Rs 28900 crore. Just saw this new Fastrack advertisement bilboard.. Is the worlds cheapest Tata Nano car finally dead. Unodax Lists 17 Trading Pairs: Unocoin one of Indias largest cryptocurrency exchanges tweeted today that its new trading platform Unodax is introducing 17 cryptotocrypto trading pairs with three base coins BTC ETH XRP. These cryptotocrypto trading pairs include BCH/BTC ETH/BTC LTC/BTC XRP/BTC BTG/BTC GNT/BTC CVC/BTC ZRX/BTC OMG/BTC BCH/ETH LTC/ETH XRP/ETH BTG/ETH LTC/ETH BTG/ETH FUN/ETH and ZIL/ETH.More Crypto News [coinness.com]https//coinness.com . A forum like r/personalfinance for Indians: Hi bhai log. Looking for a forum or website that you would recommend for personal financial advice.. Rajasthan Car Hire Udaipur Car Rental Taxi Hire Services in Udaipur: [removed]. Your Gmail account was snooped while Saavn got your data from Facebook. Bhaion Madad Karo/ Help. Maruti Suzuki plans expansion in Gujarat by 2020 to add 750000 units. Facebook will Ban Business Ads if Poor Customer Feedback: [removed]. Do You Know Post Offices Help You Avail Money Sent From Abroad Details Here. What percent of the bajaj ins vikrant is actually made from the metal of the ship: Sales show they sold 2.34 lakh units thats a lot of metal Too much for 1 ship i feelcorrect me if im wrong so what percentage of the bike uses the ships metal. Finolex Pipe Distributors in Gurgaon NCR. MPSC Coaching in Nagpur. India Business News Headlines 4th July 2018 Latest Business News India. IAS Coaching in Nagpur. India Cable Tray Market 201820246Wresearch. Discover how to use hashtags for maximum effect on your Instagram posts.: [removed]. Why ATM Charge is going to be Expensive in Coming Days. How to Buy Invest in Bitcoin Cryptocurrency in India Hindi. Bitcoin Cryptocurrency Bitcoin investors watch out for RBIs July 5 deadline. All Geared Radial Drilling Machine by Maan Technoplus. We are the All Geared Radial Drilling Machine Manufacturer and Exporter in Bhavnagar Gujrat India.. Reliance Jio postpaid users can get JioFi 4G router for Rs 499 Here is how. Monthly UPI transactions cross 200 million mark in June NPCI. Supreme Court rejected To Stay RBIs Virtual Currencies Circular. What next . Campaign to get Indian Child Labourers off the streets and into School. Best Gynecologist in Medavakkam Chennai Dr. Padmapriya: [removed]. The all you wanted to know about balance of system BOS . TOP5ONLINECOMPANIESTHATCANHELPSENDGIFTSTOYOURLOVEDONESININDIA. Top 5 cheapest private jets in the world. PayPal to recruit 600 techies in AI and ML domains continue to focus on India TechStory. IT dept launches instant Aadhaarbased online PAN allotment system. Best Brand Activation Company in Delhi: [removed]. Milk and Mercedes cant be taxed at same rate says PM. 2 Post Office Schemes that gives you 8 Percent Interest Rate. Deutsche Bank looking at India as a bright spot otherwise its cutting jobs all over the world.. Maharashtra plastic ban Nashik traders warn of stir want alternative to plastic. Where to Find a Job in India. Indias Female Investors Are First To Embrace Bitcoin. Bollywood 5 Super Flop Films at Indian Box office. [NRIs OF r/india] Safety of your money in indian banks: Im talking to nris who have fix deposit and money in an Indian bank or other investment. Is it really safe What are things to know for a better safety of your investment Is there a possibility that govt. or the bank itself grabs all money Im asking because of FRDIbill and other related things that make a lot of people worried about their investments in India. I dont know very well the situation in India now is there something that I should see to better inform myself about these things Thanks in advance . Rahul Gandhi Slams Prime Minister Narendra Modi Over 50 Rise In Swiss Bank Deposits By Indians. Transformer Manufacturers In Pune: [removed]. 6 Biggest Personal Finance Mistakes Do People Tend To Make. The story of two Indian women entrepreneurs giving underprivileged artisans an audience. Between themSwiggy and Zomato have ruined Youtube for me.: Im talking about the incessant ads.Oftenconsecutive videos will have ads by Swiggy followed by those from Zomato.Im curiouswhat triggered this advertising war between them. Mysore Tour Travel Advertise your Business at CLAADSS Free Business classifieds in India. Deny Entry To Nirav Modi India Requests Group Of Countries. Indian Exchange Says Women More Bullish on Cryptocurrency Than Men. Labour India Gurukulam CBSE School Premier education insititute Kerala India. Silent Movie Headphones in Chennai. Silent Disco Headphones in Mumbai. Silent Party Headphones in Chennai. Silent Disco Headphones in Chennai. Rupee Slides To OneWeek low Against U S Dollar. Money Of Indians In Swiss Banks Rises 50 To Over Rs 7000 Crore. Bluetooth Health Devices. Popular fasting and Puja day in Andhra Pradesh Telangana KarnatakaTamilNadu. Good News for Indian Crypto Enthusiasts. RBI cant stop Indian exchanges now. Good News for Indian Crypto Enthusiasts. RBI cant stop Indian exchanges now . Spotifys India Launch Could Be Blocked By Major Record Labels. Reliance Jio fibre broadband plan to launch soon 9 things to expect. We I Indian Never Let It Go [Event Mallyas Son]. Audi Q5 petrol variant launched in India price starts at Rs 5.527 mn. Loan Repayment Offer Not Linked To Fugitive Offenders Ordinance Vijay Mallya. Loan Repayment Offer Not Linked To Fugitive Offenders Ordinance Vijay Mallya. Hero XPulse 200 Images show bold avatar of the upcoming adventure tourer. 13 Reasons Why Quora As A Company Will Fail. Once a lazy guy the god and an unlucky guy invested in the Indian stock market for 18 consecutive years. Here is what happened next.. CAT 2018: [removed]. Residential Property in Palava Dombivali: [removed]. Jio Edutainment Programmes Soon hits the Indian Market. Rupee at 68.50: Will it breach 70 how govt will tackle double whammy increase in crude price and depreciated rupeee. Vijay Mallya claims he has honestly tried to repay bank loans since 2016. Zomato to serve 25 more cities in India with business expansion. Scale a Service Business Olio Creative Digital Agency: [removed]. High Accuracy Trading Strategies success Training Course Unique Techniques Best Buy Sell TragetSimpleLearnEasy Intraday share tips Stock Free market Commodity Nifty Tips Technical Analysis software Profit Charting SuperCRUDEOILGOLDSILVERNSEMCX: [removed]. Vijay Mallya writes to PM Modi says he has become poster boy of bank default. Natural Stones ExporterMPG Stone. Indiaeve An online event listing portal: [removed]. Most Challenging CEOs of India now struggling to keep their stay in Market.. Part time gigs: Hey Reddit India. Im keen to supplement my salary Growth Manager at FinTech firm with part time gigs / consultations. Skills No coding Business Frameworks Market Research or any other kind of job. Any leads are highly appreciated . Mumbai bans singleuse plastics. How To Start Invest In Stock Market For Beginners. Top 10 Consecutive Interpretation Services in Delhi. Document Translation Services in Delhi. sabse sasta sabse achha: [removed]. Labour India Gurukulam CBSE School Premier education insititute Kerala India. Job Stress India Inc looks to deal with rising stress in employees. paytm upi offers get rs 1000 in cashback. Whats the exact procedure to invest in Ripple cryptocurrency: Wanted to invest in Ripple but I dont know the procedure. What software does one require And what are the safety parameters Also any other tips or points to keep in mind while investing in it. I have never previously invested in cryptocurrency and being a student its a big step to take my savings and invest in this its a risk after all. Im a beginner so feel free to answer this in an ELI5 manner if youd like. All your guidance is appreciated. Thankyou. Flight Cancellation Denied Boarding Compensation. Everything you need to know about Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana: [removed]. Can anyone recommend a tax saving elss that is doing really well for them: Ive currently invested in DSP and LampT tax savers and theyre doing terrible. . Chadwick Waterfall in Shimla. Whirlpool 340 L PRO 355 ELT 2S Price Review Specs Images Features: [removed]. Whatsapp delete message kaise dekhe aur padhe. Whirlpool 340 L PRO 355 ELT 2S Price Review Specs Images Features:  Whirlpool 340 L Frost Free Double Door RefrigeratorIllusia Steel PRO 355 ELT 2S Price Review Specification Images and Features. Also Check Price Comparison on the different website like Flipkart Amazon Shopclues etc. . Step out in style with linen this summer. work from home. Govt. testing big data system to aid banks assess credit risks. TIL Today theres nothing called truly unlimited calling on Jio network. I have made some 100 calls to my friends and family to invite for an occasion and i got this.. Reserve Bank Of India Ruling Could Mean Zebpay Customers Can No Longer Withdraw Their Rupees.. Consecutive Interpretation Services in Bangalore. about earthcoin in india: [removed]. EarthCoinEarthcoin Worlds Largest OTC Website amp EarthCoin Global Volunteer Foundation Welcomes Your Sponsorship EarthCoinEAC. Demanding New Brexit Vote Thousands March In Streets Of London. Demanding New Brexit Vote Thousands March In Streets Of London. Adani Wilmars Eligibility To Bid For Ruchi Soya Hits Roadblock As Patanjali Objects. Business Scope Digital Business Opportunities in India. Copy pasting the report for 10000 Crore project: Have you ever felt guilty of copy pasting something from others Well you may not feel the same if you look at this report of a 10000 Crore project in Tamil nadu. [Chinese women to benefit from chennai to salem green expressway]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/newsians/salemchennaiexpresswaytobenefitwomeninchina1180623004821.html. INTRADAY TRADING SOFTWARENSEBSEMCXNCDEXFREESHARE TIPSLIVE AUTOMATIC BUY SELL SIGNALCALL PUT TIPSNIFTY FUTUREGOLDSILVERCRUDEOILCOMMODITY INDIAN STOCKMARKETBANK NIFTYEQUITYHIGH ACCURACYROBOTMOBILEDATADOWNLOADREALTIMEUSDINREURO: [removed]. Investments Assets Place Risk Period Income Safety withdrawal CA K HANMANDLOO Money Mantan TV. Google plans global ecommerce debut from India market. Top 7 Features to Look for in a Concrete Plant. iec code online: IEC number is a unique identity given to every importer and exporter. The number is issued by DGFT. IEC is a 10 digit unique number you need to make any import or export. With recent changes now you can get your [IEC Code Online]http//allindiafiling.com/home2/importexportcodeonline/ within 3 working days. Your Permanent Account Number PAN will be your IE Code. However you need to apply to DGFT Director General of Foreign Trade to get registered and validate your IE Code. Importer and Exporter both require IEC Certificate. 1. Importer i When an importer has to clear his shipments from the customs then its needed by the customs authorities. ii When an importer sends money abroad through banks then its needed by the bank. 2. Exporter i When an exporter has to send his shipments then its needed by the customs port. ii When an exporter receives money in foreign currency directly into his bank account then its required by the bank. People importing any goods for personal use do not need IE Code. For business it is mandatory. The best thing about Import Export code IEC is that it has lifetime validity for the entity. Therefore is an IE code is issued to any business there is no need for renewal. They can use IEC code for doing import and export transaction without any difficult. IEC code needs no filing of any return for any business after you are allotted an IEC code to your business then it has lifetime validity. In any types of import export transaction happen there will be no return filing needed to DGFT. The major documents required for IEC application are 1. [PAN Card]http//allindiafiling.com/panregistration/ 2. Photo 3. PrePrinted Cancelled cheque or Bank certificate If Cheque not available 4. Address Detail of Business [GST Certificate]http//allindiafiling.com/gstregistration/ or Copy of Electricty Bill or Copy of Sale Invoice 5. ID proof of Owner Adhar Card 6. Mobile Number and Email ID Following are the registration procedure for an Import export code Step1 you have to go to Directorate General of Foreign Trade and go to Online IEC application Step2 Enter your PAN number and also enter Mobile Number and Email ID on which OTP comes Step3 After enter OTP now update IEC MATER DATA PROPRIETOR DETAIL BRANCH DETAIL IF ANY as per your relevance. Step4 Now upload Documents first Photograph second Pan Card and third Bank Certificate or Printed cancelled cheque Step5 Now Make the online Payment for IEC code Application Step6 After filing all details and uploading relevant document and making payment now attach Digital SIgnature DSC Class2 or class3 Step7 after attachment of DSC on screen a popup will come which indicate your Application have been filed successfully. But it is recommended to you take help of professional tax consultant in IEC Code It may be possible that your IEC application may be rejected and you require IEC Code on urgent basis as \you have to clear your goods from custom stations immediately otherwise heavy panelty will levied \you have to make payment to your foreign vendor immediately. or any other reason as per circumstances In case you already have a IEC you need to update it on an annual basis. According to the Foreign trade policy 201520 \[paragraph 2.15 of the Handbook of Procedure 201520\]. an IEC Holder shall be responsible for updating his/her IEC as and when a change takes place in details like name address constitution ownership in Proprietorship firms change in nature of the firm e.g. from proprietorship to partnership etc. or at least once a year in any case. Your IEC should contain the latest information about you and your company. Please note if a IEC does not contain the latest or updated information as required by FTP 201520 about the IEC holder and its firm the competent authority can cancel the said IEC. If a IEC is canceled for a particular permanent account number PAN that PAN can never apply to a IEC again.. InoCoin STEEMIT contest 90 STEEM IN PRIZES BOUNTY Steemit. Best Top 5 Free video Editing apps Reviews. A random friend request connects me to a scammer Pyramid scheme girl xpost from /r/mumbai: So I am from delhi and I sent a friend request to a girl living in Mumbai from Delhi couple of months back. We talked on FB for a while and found out that she passed out the same year as me. And we went out for a coffee. In the meeting she tells me how shes working hard towards her goals and sent her parents to a trip on Malaysia on her own money that she made from her business. I didnt quite understand the business that she called Ecommerce. She also made me realise that I am wasting my life because when I asked her about her frustrations in life stress etc she said that shes doing what she loves so she doesnt feel all these things. She described her future goals of women empowerment etc. We stop talking after that but a few weeks later she calls me asking me of my whereabouts and how things are going etc. We start talking on phone again this time and were having good discussions on managing teams leadership etc. Finally she says that she would like me to know more about her business and if interested I can join it as well. I said I would be willing to know more. To that she calls me to meet one of her seniors at coffee again. The senior another female around 33 enters and all of us are very formal. The whole conversation further is between me and her. She asks me why I want to do this business along with my current job. We talk about more motivational bullshit. She is impressed. Then she tells me that this business that I know nothing of in detail yet will require an investment of 3.5 to 10 lacs. I say I dont have the money so I wont do that. This leads to an embarassing discussion where shes asking me full break up of my salary. I lie and I prove that I dont have the money. Then she discusses how I would be able to take a loan. I go along out of curiosity thinking that refusing will lead to the end of the conversation. Then she says that I should be able to take independent decisions for this business which means that I am not allowed to talk this with my parents. To which I plainly refuse again. Then the says that she would need to talk with her husband to whom this business actually belongs and she was taking interview from his side. I was told that already for the record. The conversation ends with she telling me it will not work out and maybe if I am willing to take independent decisions on my own in the future then I can contact them again. Some red flags 1. In the very first discussion the girl asked me my salary and I foolishly gave out the number. 2. I dont know the name of this company at all what the business is about and how they make money. 3. I discussed with someone else later on and I learnt that this is actually a ponzi scheme and their headquarters are in Malaysia. Take care from shitty people with bullshit motivational goals fellow redditors. How to Choose the Best Asphalt Plant. JSW Steel to invest up to 500 mn to acquire upgrade Acero Junction Inc. Conference Interpretation Services in Delhi. Mobile me Hindi Typing kaise kare typing keyboard app. Conference Interpretation Services in Bangalore. What will be the decision of Indian Government after 31 Julay on Cryptocurrency:  The Reserve Bank of Indias decision to bar banks and nonbanking financial companies from having any links to firms or individuals dealing in cryptocurrencies could lead to millions if not billions of dollars leaving the country according to a cryptocurrency company looking to enter the Indian market later this year. I believe that Crypto to Crypto is feasible after 31st July. But what about the Fiat to Crypto. Why hire a Digital Marketing Agency for your Business: [removed]. SIM card seller college dropout millionaire at 22 Boy from Naxal area scripts incredible story. Tata Motors planning to launch 50 commercial vehicles this fiscal. Soundless Classrooms Systems in Kolkata. Top 10 Barcode Scanners Dealers in Kolkata. Taj Mahal Tour Taj Mahal Tour Guide 1 Day Taj Mahal Tour Package. Engineers MBA Grads May be Left Out in the Cold as Mass Recruiters Dry Up. The English tax is stopping Indias startups from reaching their next billion users. Bithumb hacked. Rs 200 crore stolen. How To Start Investing In the Share Market. Fashion Designer In Ahmedabad. Arvind Subramanian resigns as chief economic adviser to return to the US. What is Digital Marketing Strategy Brijbhan Maurya Medium. Thermal Printer Service Center in Gurgaon NCR. Zomato ShopClues Snapdeal Rivigo Oyo Grofers Hike Messenger Urban Clap Grey Orange Wishfie Delhivery PayTM Hike Messenger MakeMyTrip InShorts Bobble Ad Pushup iXigo Nearbuy PopXo etc. whats common between these startups All founded and scaledup in Delhi NCR: DelhiNCR is no less than Bangalore and should be credited more for contributing towards Indias startup story. Given there are top engineering colleges including IIT D DTU NSIT contributing to NCRs tech ecosystem Delhi is going to write many more success stories.. Rural Development Rural Work Place Only Shift To Semi Urban CA K HANMANDLOO. 5 BEST CREDIT CARDS FOR REWARDS TO CHECK OUT THIS YEAR. Agriculture Productivity Increase of Farmers Income Marketing CA K HANMANDLOO Money Mantan TV. Tata Motors eyes Rs 19 bn cost cuts to launch 50 variants in CV segment. Fine Organics Initial Public Offer IPO Announcement on Polymerupdate. Billing Printer Service Center in Gurgaon NCR Grotal.com. Chanda Kochhar defiant at ICICI board meet Times of India. Buy Apple Iphone 6 Back Cover from Amazon.in: [removed]. Any concept artists out there: [removed]. Custom Web Designing in Kochi Ernakulam. Indian Call girls 971557863654 Indian Beautys in Abu dhabi. www.cyberspidy.com: [removed]. Learn How To Choose The Right Hanging Lighting To Beautify Your Kitchen. Vape Juice Online in Ahmedabad Premium Vape Juice in Ahmedabad: [removed]. Kolkata to have Indias 1st cafe to be run by HIV teens. Make 75 USD per monthVerified. E Commerce Website Designing in Kochi Ernakulam Grotal.com. Indiaeve Free Event Listing Portal in India.: [removed]. Warren Buffetts Best Investment Tips for Beginners. Never miss an opportunity. Secrets of making money and saving money no one will tell you. This is an amazing compilation of financial habits every Indian teen must have.. Whats the Difference between Stocks and Cryptocurrencies. ICICIs Chanda Kochhar To Go On Leave Sandeep Bakhshi Appointed COO. Chanda Kochhar Goes On Leave ICICI Bank Names Sandeep Bakhshi As COO. is there an Indian version of r/personalfinance: I have recently started working and have around 1 lac in my savings account. How do I go about investing it. I have very less knowledge about share market. Any other options . Kerala Government to adopt Blockchain Technology to Simplify Supply Chain Management. digital marketing kya hai puri jankari. Credit Cards or Debit Cards Which one is better. Failure to millionaire Success Stories. Failure to millionaire Success Stories. India also counterattacked India announced to impose tariffs on 30 U.S. goods: [removed]. Failure becomes millionaire success stories. Apple will pay you Rs. 3900 on faulty iPhone battery replacements Above Knowledge. Srikrishna panel may ask MNCs to store personal data in India Read more at //economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/64627375.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. Web Development Companies in Kochi Ernakulam. Toshiba Support Explains You How To Adjust Touchpad Settings: [removed]. Latest summer clothes video of Most famous market Sarojni nagar. Flipkarts PhonePe Doubles Down On Its Micro Apps Strategy. Tuticorin Massacre. Tuticorin Massacre. Godaddy coupon code india: [removed]. Indias Foreign Trade As published by Press Information Bureau. How much is 1 crore in GBP. Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayans letter to True Caller on acquisition of Chillr. Which is the best digital marketing course institute in rohini pitampura delhi : [removed]. Best Astrologer Call Now 918146591889 India Delhi: [removed]. Need to Avoid 5 Big Mistake. 5 Things Successful Entrepreneurs like. Need to AVOID 5 BIG MISTAKES Every New ENTREPRENEUR. 5 things successful entrepreneurs like. 30 of Indian companies face closure for doing zero business in last 2 years Times of India. The H in HDFC BANK stands for Hidden Charges Part 2: [Part 1]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/8l0afb/thehinhdfcbankstandsforhiddencharges/ Since they charged me Rs 4000 as AMB charges hideously and saw my outrage on social media about it they gave me a deal. The deal was to maintain the minimum amountRs 10000 in bank and then close the account in few days to get all the amount back with no charges. In this deal they promised on phone call of which I have recording that they will reverse the AMB charges of upto Rs 2500 if I continue the banking account with them by maintaining minimum amount of Rs 10000. They reveres the AMB charges of Rs 2800 the very next day and I deposited Rs 7500 immediately. Today I closed my account in the hope that all the amount will be given to me without any deductions THEY CHARGED ME AGAIN WITH AMB CHARGES FOR MAY 2018 and gave me back around Rs 9000. All I want to know now is that how can I sue them in the court of law since I have statements where they didnt mention amb charges and hideously debited my Rs 4000 when I deposited them accidentally. I also have recordings of phone call from their customer care assuring me that AMB charges will be reversed and there will be no deductions in future if maintain the minimum amount. The branch employees are raising their hands up and saying contact customer care who gave you all those false promises. Other banks close the account on very next day or on the same day HDFC on the other hand took f\\king 2 weeks to process this.. Knowing you All that is needed to fight cancer: [removed]. Fitch ups India growth forecast to 7.4 for FY19. 100 Infosysshares bought in 1993 wouldve made you a crorepati. SMS Enabled Invoice: [removed]. Audience Response Systems in Mumbai. Audience Response Systems in Kolkata. Explore the Hawa Mahal at Jaipur India. GRIND MASTER Awarded as Largest Machine Tools Exporter consecutively 4th year by EEPC India Grindmaster. Sobha Dream Series 2 BHK apartments for sale in sarjapur Road. Government open to listing Air India after failed divestment. No Research Before Cryptocurrency Ban by RBI Reveals RTI News18. Big boost to EVs ISRO provides its Lithium technology to Indian carmakers. Interpretation Sound Proof Booths in Kolkata. Software Localization Services in Kolkata. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. How to Promote a Company Online. Prima Diagnostics Health Center Lab Bangalore MurshidPak. [Longform] Infosys and others need to reinvent or perish.. Love vashikaran specialist baba ji 918146591889 Delhi Mumbai: [removed]. EWay Bill under GST Introduction. Paytm is looking to cash in with a PoS business plan. Reliance Jio Effect Airtel Vodafone dial up the competition. Struggling in film or Television Industry Tired of not getting jobs as junior artist or even as model I have got solution for all who are out there struggling in this industry. Visit my Website www.filmykida.com and Register yourself for free No Hidden charges included.. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. If anyone is willing to learn about EWay Bill under GST. Hair Transplant in Jammu amp Kashmir. SAP FICO Training in Chandigarh. Jio is holding up strongly against incumbents. Understanding Petrol Pricing In India. Noidas 3rd Unicorn New Delhi Business Journal Medium. Impact of Trumps accusation to India for 100 percent tariff: Hello All What would be impact of Trumps accusation of \ [100 percent tariff]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/foreigntrade/donaldtrumpaccusesindiaofcharging100percenttariffonsomeimports/articleshow/64539238.cms 1. Would the cost of Indian things go high in US 2. Would this impact the Indian business overall or just the import goods 3. Would cost of all items in India be impacted by a bit . Women Are Increasingly Compromising Indias Entrepreneurship Industry. Educational Hub. Infertility Treatment in Amritsar. Video Conferencing Services in Kolkata. Simultaneous Interpretation Equipments in Kolkata. 5 Reasons India Needs an Active Cryptocurrency Economy Theeconomyclub. World no1 Love Spell molana ji 919888256851 Vashikaran Spell Delhi Mumbai Kolkata Bangalore: [removed]. The 7 Characteristics of effective Entrepreneurs.. In this monsoon season it is often easier for thieves to slip through security guard who is already taking shelter somewhere. Here at BMT we install security cameras and ensure that they are working in all weather conditions.. Cotton Pouches Wholesale Round Pom Pom Beautiful Small Drawstring Small Bags Buy Online Store At Craft Jaipur worldwide Supplier If You Want Please Contact Us 9982391056: [removed]. Bookmytechnician: [removed]. isnt it a bit difficult to go through audition the venue in this monsoon season WE are here to save your time from that hassle Rather register yourself on filmykida.com and get the role in TV or film industry for free No hidden charges. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. Public Sector Banks Suffer Losses Of Over Rs. 87000 Crore In FY18. Indostar Capital Finance Ltd An Overview: Just shared if anyone is willing to learn or know about the firm. Its not advertising or stock recommendation its simply information if anyone invest in it is simply his/her own decision. Incorporated in 2009 INDOSTAR is Mumbai based non\banking finance company NBFC registered with the RBI as a systemically non\deposit taking company which is primarily engaged in providing structured term financing solutions to corporate and loans to small and medium enterprise borrowers in India. Recently they have expanded to offer vehicle finance and housing finance products through subsidiary IndoStar Home Finance Private Limited. Looking into the Capitalization of IndoStar the Net Worth of it was 1903 Crore as on March 31 2017. And talking whether this firm performance they were reporting PAT of 211 Crore in FY17. The Return on Equity for primary shareholders was up to 12.2amp37 in FY17. Since it started operations in 2011 IndoStars net profit has grown to over Rs210 crore at a CAGR of 31amp37. In March 2017 the company had a loan book of Rs 5247 crore and a Net NPA of 1.2 amp37 Talking about the operations of IndoStar it conducts its retail operations through ten branches across Mumbai Delhi Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Jaipur Surat Ahmedabad Pune and Indore and central support office in Mumbai. The lenders of the company include among others 14 public sector banks 13 private sector banks 21 mutual funds and four insurance companies and other financial institutions. The distribution network includes approximately 210 personnel in its in\house sales team and approximately 648 third\party direct sales associates DSAs and other third\party intermediaries. The company operates four principal lines of business namely corporate lending SME lending vehicle financing and housing financing. Corporate lending INDOSTAR intends to continue to grow its Total Credit Exposure by following the credit parameters that has yielded its current high asset quality As it grow its presence across India it expects to have opportunities to grow Total Credit Exposure in newer locations outside the MMR as well. It will also continue to carefully evaluate opportunities and monitor Total Credit Exposure in portfolio from its corporate office in Mumbai. SME lending INDOSTAR plan to leverage the potential of existing branches to expand customer base. Vehicle finance INDOSTAR has hi red professionals with significant relevant experience and increased the number of its branches offering vehicle finance products in order to develop its vehicle finance business. Its key focus in vehicle finance will be on used commercial vehicles particularly the vehicles which are in the range of three to five years. It intends s to leverage the relationships of its team members with small freight operators medium freight operators and light and medium commercial vehicle owners to grow its loan portfolio. It also seeks s to increase its customer base and revenues by strengthening its presence at dealerships and by engaging with dealers of a range of OEMs. Housing finance INDOSTARs housing finance business comprises of two business lines namely affordable housing finance which commenced operations in September 2017 and retail housing finance which commence d operations in March 2018. More detailed article is here [Indostar Capital Finance Ltd An Overview]https//cheapestbrokeragepay.wordpress.com/2018/05/26/indostarcapitalfinanceltdanoverview/. Power Of Stock Market How Much You can Earn In Long Term Capital Gain Courtesy Zee Business 5 Sept 2017 Aired. Filmykida Infotainment. Filmykida Infotainment: Want to get in a audition or maybe book a celebrity or what about promoting your business Register yourself today or contact us on surajvizardtech.com contact no8291216002 for more information visit [www.filmykida.com]http//www.filmykida.com/ Like our Page https//www.facebook.com/FilmyKida\Infotainment\463295050751382/ [filmykida]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/filmykidasourcefeedtext. Top CAT coaching centre in Vizag. How to evade GST using horses in Punjab. India Tour Packages Golden Triangle Tour Taj Mahal Tour. Indias Top Crypto Exchange lists another big Coin. What revival Close to 50000 MSMEs shut up shop in Tamil Nadu in past year. What revival Close to 50000 MSMEs shut up shop in Tamil Nadu in past year. What revival Close to 50000 MSMEs shut up shop in Tamil Nadu in past year. Why isnt IIM regarded as one of the top Institutes in the world: [removed]. Petrol Price Today Petrol prices fall for tenth straight day. Top Video Marketing Trends Of 2018 Learn how video marketing can accelerate your brands presence by 10x. Phantasma SOUL is Now Officially Added on KuCoin Exchange: Phantasma SOUL token is now officially listed on KuCoin. The token is now trading on the platform which supports exchange pairs like SOUL/BTC and SOUL/ETH.. Promote your Business through Filmykida at minimal cost: [removed]. Over 25000 Investors Lose Crores in India Criminals Escapes. Mukesh Ambani keeps salary unchanged for 10th year in a row. TIL 40000 a month is almost nothing. Published in todays newspaper Kolkata.. New App Features Releasing Soon on Indias Largest Cryptocurrency Exchange Zebpay. HR/ legal advice on employer employee contract: Fellow Randians with legal/ HR background I am in need of some legal advice. A friend of mine was employed with a small firm since last 1 years. He resigned from the job intimated by an email and stopped going to work altogether. Now the thing is the employer has started harrasing my friend on basis of him not serving the notice period and him taking another employment while already in job. Details later Some details due to which my friend resigned and left without serving the notice period 1 Monthly payment cycles were highly irregular with salary credit to account ranging from 1st week to 4th week of the month or even the next month. Once the due salary was provided through cheque which bounced this matter was resolved later on 2 Although there are more than 20 employees in the company the company is not providing any PF amount to my friend. I guess this is illegal 3 Moreover the duty time was highly irregular with extreme work pressure and constant bullying and mental harassment by the top management 4 my friend is aware of multiple occasions when the employer tried to avoid paying proper GST taxes and forge customer billing documents. This kind of shady financial ethics by the employer was creating additional pressure on my friend. 5 in an effort to get away from this job recently my friend started his own startup while still employed with the aforementioned employer. He was doing all of the startup related job outside of his work hours. When he realised it was no longer sustainable he sent his resignation inorder to focus more on his new initiative. The thing is because of the 5th point above and some personal history the managing director in particular has started threatening my friend his wife and other family members with probable police action and lawsuits. My friend and his family members are really scared because of all this. These threats are coming in the form of WhatsApp messages phone calls and emails. The messages mostly talk about breach of contract because of dual employment and unserved notice period. What I want to know is what is the legal course of action in such cases and how likely is that the employer in question can take some legal action Or are they merely trying to scare my friend and his family with empty threats. And if at all the employer takes any legal action what are the things that we should be prepared with Let me know if I should be giving any more details. Really looking for some suggestions/advice here. Thanks in advance . Videocon faces bankruptcy proceedings. Bosch Interpretation Equipments in Kolkata. All about Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code 2016: [removed]. Join us on www.filmykida.com and get the exciting news about bollywood celebrities or about the vacancy in any roles available.. Wireless Tour Guide Systems in Kolkata. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. SBI says Husband cant use wifes debit card court agrees.. Personalised Gifts Fashion Jewelry amp Little Things. Hello [r/indians]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/. How do you register for GST as a freelancer: Hi guys I am freelancing for quite some time now and I would need some specific information about GST Filing. 1. I am an individual and I do not have a business registration sole proprietorship/partnership etc. Will my existing PAN work for GST Registration 2. Do I need to file GST for inter\state and out\of\country work 3. Do I need to file for GST even if my annual turnover is less than Rs. 20 Lacs Please help me out.. So can I fearlessly invest in crypto now that HCL is in. Buy Quality COUNTERFEIT MONEY And fake PassportsDrivers LicenseID CardsVisas.. All about your EPF account: [removed]. Want to become an entrepreneur Few points on How to start. Indian economy to advance 7.3 in 201819 fastest growing World Bank. Rafale fighter deal on CAG radar GSTN too. McDonalds still running its outlets at a loss in India. Filmykida Infotainment filmykida. How to Sell Air India. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. Best Youtube Channels For Indian Stock Market. Nims University Latest News Foreign Collaboration Study in Russia .... Walmart expects to close Flipkart deal by the end of 2018.. Bitcoin scam Raj Kundra questioned by ED following alleged links to Amit Bhardwaj. Digital marketing Plan for Your Business Olio Solutions. FinancialBytes Heres how you can file the IT return yourself. Filmykida Infotainment. Silent Disco Headphones in Mumbai. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. Consecutive Interpretation Services in Chennai. Document Translation Services in Chennai. Silent Disco Headphones in Kolkata. Need help regarding GST.: Im a student having no income. Im just starting a business selling prints. Do I need GST registration Secondly while signing up on Amazon as seller is it mandatory to have GST number for registration. 10 Sales Email Templates for Better Engagements: [removed]. Top Digital Marketing Services in Mumbai Olio Solutions. Language Interpretation Equipments in Kolkata. Filmykida Infotainment. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. Language Interpretation Equipments in Chennai. Language Interpretation Equipments in Mumbai. SAP HANA Training in HyderabadBest Training institute: [removed]. Hair Transplant Chandigarh. NSE Algo Scam CBI Steps in Where SEBI Was Pussyfooting. 100 MILLION DOLLAR FUND FOR STARTUPS AND BUSINESSES: [removed]. Need 2 lakhs rupees for Repeater course for IIT JEE: I am going to be 18 on September. Is there anyway I can get loan. My parents dont have salary based income so we cant take loan. And even yearly income is below 1 lakh Rupees. I didnt had coaching for my 11th and 12th so I need to give a try again. And obviously I am not getting very good marks this year so drop is inevitable.. Five Facts on GST Goods amp Services Tax EWaybill Easy Summary. Enroll at least 16 persons for Aadhar daily or face salary cut. Public sector banks tell staff. Latest Price Rate of LPG Cylinders June 2018 Domestic amp Commercial. You may not be able to buy Bitcoin completely anonymously but some ways do protect your privacy more than others. This video shows 5 ways you can try purchasing bitcoins anonymously. ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhar asked to be on leave till probe is over. Chanda Kochhar Whistleblower levels fresh allegations of quid pro quo deals against ICICIs Chanda Kochhar. Top Places To Visit In Ladakh. Filmykida Infotainment for more details visit www.filmykida.com. Filmykida Infotainment:  Why social media Social media is one of the most cost\efficient digital marketing methods used to syndicate content and increase your business visibility. Implementing a social media strategy will greatly increase your brand recognition since you will be engaging with a broad audience of consumers. [filmykida]http//www.filmykida.com/ All Filmy related Business Do Contact Us surajvizardtech.com contact no8291216002 for more information visit []https//www.facebook.com/groups/priyankasingh143/refcategorydiscovercategory[www.filmykida.com]http//www.filmykida.com/ Like our Page []https//www.facebook.com/groups/priyankasingh143/refcategorydiscovercategory[https//www.facebook.com/FilmyKida\Infotainment\]https//www.facebook.com/FilmyKidaInfotainment463295050751382/ [463295050751382/]https//www.facebook.com/FilmyKidaInfotainment463295050751382/ . How To become seller on Myntra. Document Translation Services in Kolkata. April GST collection cross Rs 94K CR. SEO And SMM Marketing Service: [removed]. Preparing a Budget Ten Tips for Making That Budget Successful. Consecutive Interpretation Services in Mumbai. Filmykida Infotainment. Filmykida Infotainment: [removed]. Office Space on rent in Noida Shared office space: [removed]. EU Residency and Citizenship for sale: Greetings I am a 30 year old Man living in Finland and holding a Finnish EU passport and citizenship. I have faced some financial hardships leading me to explore alternative sources of income. My conclusion is that the best win/win situtation that alleviates my financial troubles would be to monetize my Finnish passport granting VISA FREE access to 174 countries. [https//www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/lists/most\powerful\passports\in\the\world/]https//www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/lists/mostpowerfulpassportsintheworld/ The worlds 25 most powerful passports 1. Germany 176 countries can be visited without a visa 2. Sweden 175 3. Denmark Finland Italy Spain United States 174 8. Austria Belgium France Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Singapore United Kingdom 173 Finnish marriage laws also allow same sex marriage so the option is not limited to women. More information on the citizenship procedure can be read here [https//www.infopankki.fi/en/moving\to\finland/non\eu\citizens/moving\to\finland\to\be\with\a\family\member/residence\permit\for\a\spouse]https//www.infopankki.fi/en/movingtofinland/noneucitizens/movingtofinlandtobewithafamilymember/residencepermitforaspouse If you have genuine interest in seeking this arrangement and wish to discuss more contact me by email [marryafingmail.com]mailtomarryafingmail.com Also tips and recommendations are appreciated. \average prices where to find a partner etc.\ Kind Regards \A Finnish Man seeking an arrangement. TIL There are 265 listed companies with 1 billionplus valuation 45 listed companies with 10 billionplus valuation and only one company TCS with 100 billion valuation in India r/TILinIndia. TIL There are 265 listed companies with 1 billionplus valuation 45 listed companies with 10 billionplus valuation and only one company TCS with 100 billion valuation in India. What will Change for SEO Post Googles Latest Algorithm Update: [removed]. 7 Free Sales Tools That Will Help You Close More Deals: [removed]. Conference Interpretation Services in Kolkata. Whats the current status of Qnet in India. Conference Interpretation Services in Mumbai. Promote Your Business through FIlmykida at minimal cost. Promote Business through Filmykida at minimal cost: [removed]. Tatas Stylish Nexon AMT Nexon XM Colours Price amp Interior review.. SGX Nifty How chestthumping nationalism killed potent stock connect between India amp Singapore. Best Youtube Channels For Indian Stock Market. Filmykida: [removed]. Test Tube Baby Centers in Chandigarh. 18 tax on profit and on loss. 18 tax for both buyer and Seller.. Calcarea Fluorica Herb Uses Benefits Cures Side Effects Nutrients. Medical Benefits of Hash. Major Updates in Gmail Client Which may boost your Productivity. Filmykida: [removed]. Copper Supply Shock Hits India as Top Plant Ordered to Close. Housewives poor widows more reliable in loan repayment than promoters of corporates Only 4 NPAs in Mudra loans. [P] Delhi govt. proposes 50 profit cap on medicines. Futures Trading Day Traders Favourite Stock Market Segment. Test Tube Baby Centers in Jalandhar. Jobs in Dharamshala: [removed]. Binani Cement lenders vote in favour of UltraTech bid. Manpasand Beverages drops 40 in 5 days another Vakrangee in making. SBI set to drag Mallya to UK bankruptcy court. India Post Payments Bank allows delinking of Aadhaar from account. Binani Cement Lenders Vote In Favour Of UltraTech Bid. India Indonesia Are Among Asias Most Debt Risky Nations. Conciliation failed 30 amp 31 May 2018 all India Bank Strike Stands: On Bank Unions 2 days strike notice Chief Labour Commissioner called conciliation meeting to avoid 2 days proposed all India Bank Strike. Since Indian Banks Association IBA has not given any revised offer for wage revision United Forum of Bank Unions UFBU has decided to proceed for 2 days all India Bank Strike on 30th and 31st May 2018 for the demand of early wage revision and against the 2 offer of wage hike given by Indian Bank Association IBA. Bank employees wage revision is due w.e.f. 1.11.2017. A charter of demand was submitted by Unions in the month of July 2017. Department of Financial Services Ministry of Finance Government of India was very much interested to give wage revision w.e.f. 1.11.2017 itself and written 2 letters to IBA for early wage revision. But IBA late started the negotiations and in 10 rounds of meetings only management issues and non financial issues were discussed. On 5th May 2018 meeting IBA offered 2 hike which was rejected by Unions and decided to go for 2 days all India Bank Strike on 30th and 31st 2018. We demand that Govt should advice the IBA to give respectable and justified wage revision as eraly as possible to avoid 2 days proposed all India Bank Strike .. IVF Centers in Amritsar. IVF Treatment in Amritsar. Just 4 debits can freeze Jan Dhan accounts banks turning them into regular accounts.. Why Tencents Mobile Messaging App WeChat is Poised to Take Over Facebook: [removed]. Why Tencents Mobile Messaging App WeChat is Poised to Take Over Facebook: [removed]. A Machine Tool Drill Press best Radial Drilling Machine Manufacturer in India. Today I decided to close my Paytm savings account. These are the steps: Step1 Call 01133996699 Step 2 Choose close account option Step 3 Youll be connected to a Paytm representative Step 4 State your reason and confirm your email id. Step 5 Hell process your request and youll get this email Dear User This is with reference to your query regarding account closure with Paytm Payments bank. We would like to inform you that your bank account closure process has been initiated. You will be intimated once your account will be closed within 2\3 working days. If you have any other queries please reach out to us. Regards Paytm Care. This MultibillionDollar Corporation Is Controlled by a Penniless Yoga Superstar. Get Rid Of Tan Muscle Building. GDPR rules issued by EU on data protection impact on India. CEOs earn 164 times more than average employees Report: CEOs earn 164 times more than average employees Report https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/internationalbusiness/ceosearn164timesmorethanaverageemployeesreport/articleshow/64328771.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother. Sebi notice to ICICI chief on husband Videocons link: Sebi notice to ICICI chief on husband Videocons link https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/sebinoticetoicicichiefonhusbandvideoconslink/articleshow/64325352.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother. Latest Jobs in India. http//marvastisecurity.com.au/cctvsecuritycameras/: [removed]. Infertility Treatment in Amritsar. Infertility Treatment in Patiala. 6 Schools with the Biggest Chain in India. India Considers GST on Trading of Cryptocurrencies.. Bank Coaching Classes in Karve Nagar Pune: [removed]. Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana: Every couple has a dream for a baby in their life. Dont let the fertility issues dishearten you from the desire of having your own child. Visit [Grotal.com]https//Grotal.com and get the best Infertility Treatment in Ludhiana who use advanced technology to make your dream true. . 8 Cities That Prove Why Mornings In India Are The Most Beautiful. Trackpants in Meerut. Over 2100 companies settle Rs 83000 crore bank dues. Pvc Wall Panels in Lucknow. Wall Panels in Lucknow. Cargo Services in Gurgaon NCR. International Packers and Movers in Gurgaon NCR. Heres how you can get access to airport lounges in India for free. I am GIVING AWAY 200 Copies of FREE TRAINING on How to QUIT YOUR JOB and Work For Yourself In just 100 Days Earn 3000 Per month in just 100 Days If You Want A Copy COMMENT I WANT TO QUIT MY JOB. For experienced techies in core electronics and IT industry.: [removed]. 100 crore in 10 minutes. Domestic Packers Movers in Gurgaon. Indias No1. Business Guru 10 Reasons why we should learn the art of Business from Baba Ramdev. Manufacturer And Supplier Of Rainwear In India: [removed]. Cheap Web Hosting In India. Home Loans Tips And Things You Must Consider Before Buying. The H in HDFC BANK stands for Hidden Charges: So lately I transferred Rs. 4000 accidently to my old Hdfc salary account instead Hdfc credit card account. Bank deducted fucking Rs. 4000 for non maintenance of the account. Now Im ranting about the hidden charges because they only sent out 3 sms to my phone that Ive been charged Rs. 600 for non maintaining the required balance in the account. All this time Ive been thinking that they are charging only Rs. 600 as an Annual charge. They send out estatements every month and I check them every month just to see the record. THERE HAS BEEN NO RECORD OF THIS RS. 600 IN STATEMENTS WHAT SO EVER. The ultimate balance in my account reflected as Rs. 0 in every statement. My point is they should have sent out a notification to any of my communication medium saying that I have 4000 or whatever amount to be paid in the bank. So that Id have quickly cleared it out. All this records of debiting Rs.750 approx including GST and all are reflecting in the account summary after they falsely debited my Rs. 4000. Before that they was no such record. Because of this my credit card payment got delayed and I was charged extra for late payment. I have had salary account in Kotak Mahindra Bank and IndusInd bank which are deserted for more than 3 years. They never came back to me saying give us the money to maintain your account. HDFCs this clause is just ridiculous. Edit Pardon my foul language and Grammer. In just pissed off at this very moment. TLTR HDFC Bank charged me Rs. 4000 hideously for not maintaining balance in my old salary account. . Dehradun Escorts 9831 Dehradun Call Girls Agency: [removed]. ERP Software for marketing Client360 Cloud Enterprises. Best Security cameras installation in Orange Marvasti Security: [removed]. Modular Kitchen dealers in Lucknow. Avishkar Cladding Leading Cladding and Glazing Work Around in Pune. 5 things to learn from PHP classes in Pune: Processing img g19ujxz1ety01... Looking for [Php Training in Pune]https//lotusithub.com/blog/2018/05/15/englishspeakingclassesinpunemotivatesyoutopursueyourgoal/ lotus it hub is the best providing Php Classes In Pune. Get live PHP projects and PHP and get Best PHP Coaching in Karve Nagar.. How to Open your online Store in 5 minutes: [removed]. Pandit in Mumbai. Cybit India Rapidly growing legit bitcoin investment programme originally Hong Kong based earn on hourly basis with investment as low as 700Rs. With proofs. AppleOnly.in Online Indian shop dedicated for imported Apple accessories cases bags etc. SSC CGL Coaching in Surat. [Fate of cryptocurrencies in india] RBI v/s Cryptocurrencies Supreme Court Postpones Hearing Date to July. Gpsc Exam Books in Surat. Dehradun Escorts Agency 0000000000 offer Top Class Escort Services: [removed]. International School in Kerala. GPSC Coaching Classes in Surat. IAS Coaching in Surat. IAS Coaching Institutes in Surat. GPSC Coaching in Surat. Getting email from someone elses credit card purchases.: Hello r/india. Someone has entered my email ID in their application for ICICI credit card. Now Im getting mails from their system regarding the amount they spent what they bought etc etc. I want to stop these mails but I cant figure out how. Their customer care is unresponsive. What will happen in the future if I choose to ignore those mail. Thanks.. Mishandled or catastrophic So much for responsibility. Hi R/India how do I start an online business: [removed]. Away from the public gaze State Bank of India is preparing to unleash a revolution. English Speaking Classes in Pune motivates you to pursue your goal: [removed]. Apple Authorised Service Center in Koramangla. Indian Cryptocurrency Entrepreneurs Protest Against Cryptocurrency Ban. Human Life Value. leadership study program on urban innovation. Gayatri Events. Anil Ambani is Bankrupt have been waiting for this day since last 2 years. NCLT IBC. Indian Currency Performance the Worst Among Asian Currencies. Top 10 Indian Jeans Brand to Look out in Market 2018. Wholesale Birthstone Silver Jewelry at Arvino. Bulk SMS price increase: [removed]. Reliance Power again raises issue of exiting Nellore power project. [Fact Check] Movie theatres do not make money on ticket sales only on Food and Beverages: [removed]. DoT gives nod to AirtelTelenor merger. Miracle 21 Herbs Ayurvedic Hair Oil: [removed]. Why Book Newspaper Advertisement With Newspaper Ad Agencies in Bangalore. OET Coaching in Bathinda: [removed]. Petrol and Diesel Prices Touch Record Highs All You Need to Know. Most cheapest Market of India Chor Bazaar . Sale On Amazon. As Flipkart Amazon launch 80 summer sale others join the fray. Reliance Jio Introduces International Calling Plans Starting At 50 Paise Per Minute.. Valuation and Security Analysis of Ganesh Housing Corporation Ltd: [removed]. Shitty Airtel: [removed]. [ HINDI ] Zilliqa the next 100x cryptocurrency should we invest in it . Walmart You never win with Walmart warns man who tracked American behemoth.. AMA by Kuvera team Live. 1 Year MBA Programs in India Offered By Top Institutes Sorted Ranking. SBI PO Exam 2018 TVC Ads. Apple MacBook Authorised Service Center in Bangalore. Apple Service Center Koramangla in Bangalore. Inclist View annual and quarterly results of public companies all at one place.: Hey Reddit I am a investor and I have built a market research tool for the stock market investors. Here you can see all the past annual results quarterly results income statements balance sheets of all the public companies in India. View annual and quarterly results View graphs by just one click UI designed for investors Free No Ads Heres a link to the website https//inclist.co I wanted to build this thing for a long time because earlier I used to manually enter the data from annual reports to excel sheets and then analysed the companies. But it was very time consuming and difficult to maintain excel sheets of different companies. So for past few months I have spent all my time automating the whole process. And I am sharing it with you for completely free. I have designed a UI which makes it as easy as possible to read financial statements. You can also generate graphs for different parameters like EPS net profit etc. inclist.co . Box Office Avengers Infinity War is unstoppable crosses the Rs 200 crore mark in just 13 days. Which are th best job portals to get job in IT industry: Hello folks I have come across numerous job portals and they claim their portal is best in the industry. However I do not see the results if I upload the resume. So according to your experience which are the best job portals for Corporate and startup jobs that gets interview calls. Thanks a lot in advance.. Why are Flipkart founders and investors throwing in the towel so early. Bulk SMS price hike 2018. OET Coaching in Amritsar. List of OET Coaching Centers in Chandigarh with Phone Number. Walmart acquires Flipkart for 16 bn worlds largest ecommerce deal. Indias disappearing defecit: Indias fiscal defecit set to hit its lowest since 2009. [Source ]https//www.forbes.com/sites/salvatorebabones/2018/05/08/indiasdisappearingdeficitwhatsputtingmodiinthedriversseatfor2019/2de3abf2ab62. Since the deal... Walmart acquires a majority stake in Flipkart for 16 Billion. What does it mean for Indian consumers and ecommerce. Nebosh IGC Courses in Ranchi. Health And Safety Courses in Ranchi. Oil And Gas Safety Courses in Ranchi. Construction Safety Courses in Ranchi. IMPORTANT : [removed]. Power Tools in Srinagar Kashmir. IOSH Ms Courses in Ranchi. NEBOSH HSW COURSES in Ranchi. OSHA Courses in Ranchi. EMS 14001 Environmental Courses in Ranchi. ISO 9001 QMS Courses in Ranchi. EMS 14001 Environmental Courses in Bhagalpur. OSHA Courses in Bhagalpur. IOSH Ms Courses in Bhagalpur. Nebosh Hsw Courses in Bhagalpur. Nebosh IGC Courses in Bhagalpur. Baba Ramdevs Patanjali Ayurved is likely to make the highest bid for Ruchi Soya. Earn Rs.75 cashback with phonpe... install and add your banak account and get Rs. 75 and get more 75 in first transaction.And in 5th transaction you will get Rs.50. so Rs.200 in your hand. use this link and gi for it.. We are here to find the real potential in your children students potential school findsTheBest http//ebenezerirs.org/admission/. Nebosh IGC Courses in Bhagalpur. Top 10 Most Successful Indian Startups Best Startups In India. Construction Safety Courses in Bhagalpur. Oil And Gas Safety Courses in Bhagalpur. exhibition stall design company in delhi. Health And Safety Courses in Bhagalpur. Best way to make money online: [removed]. Bullish Dax Momentum Gathers pace SampP 500 remains Bid Following FOMC. Financial planning for Indian citizen and tax payers. Ola Unpleasant experience amp Inefficient Support Stupid incident: [removed]. dock.io Create single profile for multiple websites using blockchain technology. Need help understanding how banking penalties work: Hi Randia not sure if this is the right place to post this but since theres no desi version of r/personalfinance I thought I could use some help from yall. Theres a TLDR at the end. Have an HDFC account inactive since fuck knows when and being a noob in these matters my negligence is costing me heavy penalties. I used up money beyond the minimum limit to be maintained after the period came to pass converting the salary account to a normal savings account and that is when the AMB charges started kicking in late 2017. Checked the HDFC site got to know about the 350 INR AMB fines okay cool. Thought Id close the account after the one year period to avoid an additional penalty for premature account termination biggest mistake imo Fast forward 4 months and my May statement shows a negative balance of 2k a big leap from the positive amount like a 100 bucks in early April. The AMB charges for all the earlier months were already deducted. So did they just add a quarterly or yearly charge that I dont see or am I missing something because honestly 2k in a month is way too much. Also how does affect my credit history and CIBIL if it does at all And how do I unfuck myself with the penalty waiver process and all if its even possible. The information on the internet is kinda conflicting. Sorry for the long post as I said earlier Im a total noob in these matters. Any input would be greatly appreciated TLDR Dont know how minimum balance penalties work. Went from 100 to a negative balance of 2k in just a month. Confused as to how to approach the penalty waiver and need to think of damage control on my CIBIL and all. . The Amount will be Refunded Automatically if Train Fully Cancels. US DOLLAR Index DXY ForecastWeak EUR/USD Now Supporting USD Upside. Flipkart cofounder Sachin Bansal likely to quit company board Report. Is it Right to give Walmart a place in the Indian Retail Market. high temperature furnace. Indias Flipkart approves US15 billion stake sale to Walmartled group Bloomberg. Walmart to buy 73 of Flipkart for up to 16 bn Alphabet might put in 3 bn. FREE Udemy Course on How To Create a Professional Wordpress Website for just 1 Link in the description: [removed]. Havoc on mobile Indian internet companies grappling with fake app installations. 5 best Apps for YouTubers Hindi . Can i show pg as guest house and vice versa: i am running a pg with 21 rooms in noida. the authority here wants pg owners to register their property under sarai act 1867. my problem is that they are saying a property can be called a pg only if it has 5 rooms if more then it will be guest house. i have display boards and they have pg written on them. i have applied for registration and people will visit for inspection. should i remove pg boards . Can i show pg and guest house or vice versa: i am running a pg with 21 rooms in noida. the authority here wants pg owners to register their property under sarai act 1867. my problem is that they are saying a property can be called a pg only if it has 5 rooms if more then it will be guest house. i have display boards and they have pg written on them. i have applied for registration and people will visit for inspection. should i remove pg boards . Court admits Indian evidence against Mallya. Weight Gain in Gurgaon NCR. Why do you need building facility maintenance companies in Noida. Why do you need building facility maintenance companies in Noida: [removed]. How to Define Best Facility Management Companies in NCR: [removed]. Xiaomi announces Mi Music and Mi Video streaming services in India. IndiGo traveller gets 32 refund for a cancelled ticket of 6010 Aviation Minister assures Passenger Charter soon. India Will Be Next Engine Of Global Growth Suresh Prabhu. Laptop Screen Repair in Mumbai. Roughly how much cash should one carry when traveling to the US for a 1 month vacation: Im visiting the US this month and Im looking for a rough estimate of how much cash one should carry. Thanks in advance. . Amazon offers to buy 60 stake in Flipkart report.. My thoughts on My Thoughts On The Indian IT Industry: [removed]. Need a Partner for young BAKING startup: [removed]. Indian Exchange Launches 23 CryptotoCrypto Trading Pairs with Zero Fees. Gents Body Massage Centers in Udaipur. Venezuela offers India 30 discount on crude oil if bought with cryptocurrency. Documents needed to sell property: [removed]. Venezuelas offer to India Buy crude oil at 30 discount but through cryptocurrency.. 5 overlooked lowstress jobs with a 6figure salary. 0.00026 of Kiran Shaws wealth. SBI Business Loan Afinoz Best Business Loan Service Provider in India for Every kind of Business Loan.: [removed]. Thai Massage in Udaipur. Digital Marketing Companies Online Marketing Companies in Mumbai. Buy best real estate properties in Kerala Apartments resort Plots and houses. How much do local recyclers pay for 1kg of plastic in average: In rupees of course. How would I stop my parents form blowing money on useless things: [removed]. Blast at Indiadeveloped hydroelectricity project in Nepal weeks before inauguration by PM Modi. Business ideas: So I have been working for 1012 years in an automotive industry now and I have made enough money for me to start a business. I dont want to do a job all my life. So I was looking for some business ideas. I do have few good ideas in mind. Im not looking for a totally new creative out of the box idea. I am here to ask for some already working business/ideas. ExampleTheres a burger place in Pune near M.G road its so good it will work in any city. So Im thinking of something just like this. If anyone has tried this before help would be appreciated. Also my job is totally secure and even if I leave i can rejoin it anytime.. How to start a YouTube channel and make money in India Gadgets Now. Sales fall as people in metros start ditching cars. wedding caricature picture. Reliance Jio to hire about 80000 people during this financial year. Recently Giant Car Making Company Ford has launched its new carmodel strong Hatchback Freestyle in India. Here is Ford Freestyle Hutchback Price in India Images Mileage Features Reviews. Cryolipolysis Treatment. HDFC Bank will be next to join 100bn club we will have 100 plus 10bn companies soon Vikas Khemani. You dont need an MBA.. Anand Mahindra Awesome: [removed]. A sale coup could soon give Vodafone Idea the ammo to make it an even fight with Jio. Fido Dido the curly haired cartoon mascot makes a comeback on 7UP bottles. Free Odia Matchmaking Service Provider. Neerav Modi Arrives From Hong Kong To New York Reveals Documents. HR Generalist Courses in Chandigarh. List out 5 Important Facts you should Know About Online Directories for Construction Resources. AC Buy Air Conditioners Online at Low Price. Delhi Woman Gave Cancelled Cheque For A Loan. It Cost Her Rs 3.8 Lakh. India is realizing it cant compete with China. Mukesh Ambanis Reliance Jio to hire 80000 individuals. Best MBA Abroad Destinations Indian Students vs Internatinal Students. Microsoft India most attractive employer brand Randstad survey. OnePlus 6 Marvel Avengers Limited Edition Will Launch in India on May 17. Travel Organizer pouch for Cosmetic Makeup Toiletry kit bag Storage Pouch Hanging Bag. Fresh trouble for ICICI chief Chanda Kochhar 10 points. Bharti Infratel Indus Towers merge to create worlds second largest tower firm. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do LOOKING FOR STEPS TO START A SUCCESSFUL ONLINE BUSINESS. Educomps Insolvency Process Becomes Murkier as Ebix Buys Smartclass Educational Services. Werofy Polyester 12Ltr Blue Laptop Backpack With USB Charging Free Powerbank 1199. Packers and Movers in Bhubaneswar. 5 basic steps in focusing your message on social media: [removed]. Meet the 50 topfunded startups and tech companies in India: Which companies in India are blazing a trail for the rest One way to judge although imperfect would be the amount of money they have raised. Using Tech in Asias data weve generated this constantly updated list of 50 startups and tech companies in India who have raised the most money from investors in the past two years. See the list here https//www.techinasia.com/topfundedstartupstechcompaniesindia. TCS crosses 100 billion market capitalization. What WhatsApp Business App Does: [removed]. ManipalTPG combine submits revised offer for Fortis Healthcare. Beach Hotel In Thailand: [removed]. Best Hotels in Ahmednagar city Hotel paradise. Beware of credit and debit card fraud. Ease of Doing Business Some Indian firms acknowledge widespread bribery corruption in businesses EY survey. Smartphonecrazy Indians are falling in love with feature phones again. How SpanMyLife can change your life SIGN UP today. ERP Training in Chandigarh. Airtel posts lowest profit in 15 years hangs onto data. PHP Training in Chandigarh. Promotional Bulk SMS Packages India. ED set to confiscate Rs 15k cr assets including of Nirav Mallya under new economic ordinance. Auto Expo 2018 Top 5 Most Exciting Cars To Be Unveiled In India. Bharti Airtel approves Bharti Infratel Indus Towers Merger. What hinders the return of women to work. H1B approvals for Indian IT companies drop by 43 between 201517. Xiaomi Leads Indian Smartphone Market in Q1 2018 With a Record 31 Market Share. Mobile wallets sag as KYC norms chase users away. Bharti Airtel Q4 profit plunges 78 YoY to Rs 83 crore ARPU falls 27 to Rs 116. Changing The Way House Rental Space functions SimplyGuest Story. Reliance Jio is luring Indians away from smartphones towards feature phones. The Economist Exit pursued by a tiger. Airtel Q4 profit falls 78 to Rs82.9 crore. State of GST website almost a year since it was first implemented.. Sebi mulls biometric check for stock trading via mobile applications. does your bank also deduct charges when you get paid from google adsense in india do you guys think i can do anything about these charges. Office and Labor Accommodation Safety Courses in Bhagalpur. H1B visaholders spouses may not get to work in US. Dupatta Dealers India. Road and Traffic Safety Courses in Bhagalpur. Metworld DMCC What are the advantages of recycling metals and what are some examples: [removed]. Construction Safety Management Diploma Courses in Bhagalpur. Construction Safety Management Diploma Courses in Bhagalpur. Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses in Bhagalpur. Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Bhagalpur. Raghuram Rajan may be in running for Bank of England post Report. SAP Training Institutes in Chandigarh. All you need to about the new appointment at Tata Sons. online shopping offers deals and coupons: [deleted]. Web Designing Training in Chandigarh. How to earn money from Paytm. Why Airtel just lost a customer of over 10 years: I have an Airtel SIM card and I have been happily using this number for the past 10 years odd. However today I sent the PORT text that will finally sever my ties with this evil piece of shit company. Let me tell you what triggered this 10 year old customer to port. I got my SIM card in the 9th std and since I was a minor then my mom bought the SIM card for me and it was registered in her name. Fast forward to now Im a working professional stay on my own and pay my own bills etc etc. One fine day my SIM just stops working I take it to the Airtel store they dont entertain me because the SIM is registered in my moms name. Thats fair. So I ask my mom to take the SIM to the store to get it replaced. Heres where the absolute fuckery starts. My mother goes into the store and asks for the SIM change but they refuse to do it because her Aadhar details are not entered even though it wasnt mandatory at that point of time. Fine. She goes home gets her Aadhar details and links her Aadhar. Now they tell her they cant give her a prepaid SIM card and she HAS TO take a postpaid SIM. They then force her to pay RS. 250 and take a postpaid SIM all the while assuring her that now that she has paid that amount and taken a postpaid sim she has free calling etc for the next three months. dont mention anything about the rental rates. She comes home and Im furious not with her because she frankly has no clue about anything but with the Airtel guys I immediately dial 198 and get in touch with a customer care executive and he assures me that 1 The amount i lost I paid 3 months prepaid which i lost will be refunded by cheque in 90 days 2 Hes immediately switching me back to prepaid told me it would happen within a week and 3 I would not have to pay any charges for all this mess until the change. Fast forward 3 weeks my SIM is still postpaid despite numerous follow ups with them and I am now billed for 407 Rs. for the first month of the postpaid plan. I am LIVID. I call back customer care and they tell me they cant help me and the previous guy must have not told that to you so they basically called me a liar or he was wrong with no explanation for it. He tells me that I wont receive any refund theres no prepaid request made on my number and taunts me with go do it when I threaten him with consumer court. He also refuses to give a reference number to the call or the complaint as thats not a part of the policy which means they can deny that I even called them. I give up and decide to just pay and port out. But guess what Even that is a web and a maze. I just made my bill payment through debit card and the money is ALREADY debited. However I didnt get a payment confirmation. Apparently it takes 6 DAYS for Airtel to acknowledge payment for money it has ALREADY RECEIVED. And the last date for my bill payment is in 5 more days. I dont even know how TRAI allows this shit. Bravo. Just Bravo. I just hope I can port the fuck out. Im genuinely scared I wont be able to because Airtel might consider the change over to postpaid as a new connection and wont let me go till the 90 days are up. Fuck you Airtel. . TCS on the TOP. Story of Indian Handicrafts business. Task management is an Important part of Daily life ManagementSpanMylife. Oh TCS alone is bigger than total mcap of all listed stocks in Pakistan. Tax Department is seeking tax retrospectively on free services provided by banks to customers maintaining minimum account balance. What went wrong with Flipkart and Snapdeal: I remember reading that how the oversea giant Amazon is losing to Indian startup Flipkart and Snapdeal. Yesterday Walmart is acquiring Flipkart for 12 billion dollars and I think a similar fate will be seen this year to Snapdeal. What did Amazon did right and Flipkart and Snapdeal wrong in the last four years. TCS becomes a 100 billion dollar company. TCS Becomes First Indian IT Company to Hit 100 Billion Mcap. India Your bank could soon charge you for ATM transactions cheques amp cards. Google CEO Sundar Pichai To Take Home A 380 Million Award This Week: Google CEO Sundar Pichai To Take Home A 380 Million Award This Week https//www.ndtv.com/worldnews/googleceosundarpichaipoisedtocashin380millionawardthisweek1841518typenewsampid1841518ampcategoryworldnews Shared via NDTV News App Android ndtv.com/android iPhone ndtv.com/iPhone . Can anyone explain why my parcel for Poland was sent back to the post office from the NSH: I wanted to send a parcel to Poland but when I track it online it says that it reached the National sorting hub NSH from my areas post office but they sent it back to the post office I try to call the post office but they never pick up. Has anyone experienced this before . Walmart is said close to 12 billionplus deal for Flipkart. TCS becomes first Indian IT company to cross 100 bn in marketcap. Guess what happened today in Bombay Stock Exchange. SBIs Free Of Charge PoS Machines Withdrawal Limits And Other Features Explained Here. Kindle Version of The Autobiography Of A Stock launched. PreOrdering is over . TCS is now bigger than the total market cap of all listed stocks in Pakistan. Why Our Farmers Need Our Help. Twitter cofounder invests in Delhibased AI startup Visit. How Indian Railways fools India. Bombay HC quashes Service Tax Proceedings against Cricketer Cheteshwar Pujara. Aquafresh Water Purifiers in Chandigarh. Hire Dedicated Software Developer in India Syscraft. Kent RO Dealers in Chandigarh. Aquafresh Service Center in Chandigarh. TCS scripts history becomes first Indian company to hit 100 billion mcap. TCS becomes first Indian company to cross 100 billion market capitalization. Aquafresh Water Purifier Service Center in Chandigarh. General Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Indias First and Only Crowdfunding website for Farmers Loan Settlements.: [removed]. TCS creates history Market cap surpasses 100 billion for the first time. Oil and Gas Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Money Transfer having trouble sending money from US to someone working for me in India: Sites such as Western Union Xoom and Remitly ask for a purpose and only offer options such as Family Maintenance Medical Travel etc. I tried Transfast and they arbitrarily blocked the transaction and wont say why or allow me to provide additional information if thats what they need. I want to make sure she gets the best rate on the transfer and Im willing to eat a small fee but it has been a couple months now and we just cannot seem to find a decent way to get her the money. What other options are there Does anyone know why I only seem to get nonbusiness related items as reasons for the transfer Is it because she is with Axis bank Should she open up something somewhere else Any help is appreciated.. US Government Finds Make in India for Medical Devices Discriminatory. Deposits in Jan Dhan accounts cross Rs 80000 crore. Why Petrol and Diesel are so Costly in Modi Ji Tenure. DRI cracks smuggling of diesel from Dubai five held. SBI to save Rs 30 cr p.a. from wind solar power investments. Millennials switching jobs fast techies lead the way Study Times of India. Crisis management How to respond when your personal brand is at risk.. RBI makes Aadhaar linking of bank accounts mandatory. Tailor Near JW Marriott Khao Lak Resort amp Spa. 2000 jobs in State Bank of India This is the best opportunity for job seekers in the banking sector who want to get a job in the countrys largest bank.. Chemical Handling and Storage Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Lifting Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Atmospheric Gas Testing Courses in Saharanpur. Excavation Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Heavy Equipment Operation Safety Courses in Saharanpur. PNB impounds passports of 150 wilful defaulters.: PNB impounds passports of 150 wilful defaulters A necessary move. Although a late one https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/pnbimpoundspassportsof150wilfuldefaulters/articleshow/63853207.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother. People whove bought a book from Amazon recently: Can you please share/PM the coupon code on the bookmark of your book that gives a 1000 off on Kindle I wanna get one and bringing the price down would be helpful. Thanks. Scaffolding Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Accident Investigation Courses in Saharanpur. Risk Assessment Courses in Saharanpur. Chartered Accountants in Kochi Fund raising ernakulam: [removed]. Office and Labor Accommodation Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Banks received alarming amount of fake currency post demonetisation detected 480 jump in suspicious transactions. [Serious] Please share your detail expenditure per year.. Road and Traffic Safety Courses in Saharanpur. Fire and Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Saharanpur. Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses in Ranchi. Construction Safety Management Diploma Courses in Saharanpur. Fire and Safety Management Diploma Courses in Saharanpur. Airtel Reportedly in Talks to Offer Free Netflix Subscription. TCS set to become first Indian company with 100 billion market cap. India Set To Get Its First 100 Billion Dollar Company In TCS. The humbling of Indias tycoons. Top 10 Best Software Developers in India. TCS close to penning history Indias first company to reach 100 billion in market cap. Is there a good sub or forum/website to discuss taxes in India: Asking freelancers/entrepreneurs here... Where do you guys get your info or doubts cleared especially about GST and IT filing for the upcoming season Any good subs or forums that you know of I know of CA Club but its pretty terrible.. there is very little traffic worse some of my posts never appear there it is just an advertising backyard for CAs... any other open forum where these discussions can happen would be nice PS I am mainly freelancing so hiring an expensive CA is not really an option. Web Design and Web Development. Why Indias millionaires are ditching Indian citizenship: [deleted]. Probably the best book on business I have ever read. Everyone should read this...: [deleted]. [GST and Dropshipping] Do I need to create a Solo Proprietorship Company: Im starting a dropshipping business with shopify recently. But here is my problems As a nature of business Im easily cross the 20 lacs annual turnover threshold. In such case I think Ill need to put GSTIN to my paypal account. Though all of my sales will come from USA outside India. And Ill ship my products from outside india as well from aliexpress. So do I need to create a company and get GSTIN number In such cases should I create separate PAN number on my company name and create seperate paypal account under my company name or I can use my existing paypal account. I think GSTIN is also needed If I want to reclaim the amount what paypal cut from my payment as GST 18 on paypal fee. Right now on my personal paypal account Im paying tens of thousands of INR as GSR to paypal and as I dont have GSTIN number there I can not claim it. Please help me with right direction. Thanks in advance. . Noteworthy or Notworthy A Design Critique of the new Rs. 2000 note. Digital marketing Course in Chandigarh Easywebplans. Top 10 HIGHEST Paying Professional Jobs in India Salary Best of 2018. No more hard work with minimum wage. [Serious]How is the Telecom Sector making a profit when theyve transitioned from having multiple usage plans to mostly free calling and varied data plans: How do they differentiate high spending costumers ones that use their services heavily vs everyday customers now . Valuation guru Aswath Damodaran says most Indian IT firms are hitting retirement age. The richest man on the planet. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code Lanco Infratech ABG Shipyard amp Alok Industries may face liquidation. latest blouse designs for cotton sarees Primlooks. Why fashion industry is obsolete in India : [removed]. ATM Cash Crunch Highlights ATMs in some states still out of cash 80 working now. Industrial Safety Management Diploma Courses in Saharanpur. Facebook begins fact checking news in pollbound Karnataka. Facebook begins factchecking news for users in India one of its largest markets. Aadhaar card Google card lobby want Aadhaar to fail UIDAI to Supreme Court. 42 Chinese Apps considered dangerous by Indian Government. Facebook to enter Digital Payments in India starting with Messenger. Swedish companies committing a fresh 1.1 billion dollars investment in India. Three reasons why rupee is sliding down. What the hell Times Group: [removed]. Insolvency Electrosteel becomes first of Dirty Dozen to be resolved under Insolvency Code. Bumper jobs for graduates Earn Rs 1 40000 per month. Loan frauds Are Indias private banks more vulnerable than government banks. Who Is Responsible For Air Indias Losses Asks Parliamentary Panel. UCO Fraud Case 737 Crore Fraud Hits UCO Bank. Banks stingy with cash says ATM industry. Solve one riddle and earn big Prize pool 10000 worth tokens. A hospital for injured shoes Why Anand Mahindra is keen to invest in this startup. Kent RO System Dealers in Chandigarh. Aquafresh Water Purifier Dealers in Chandigarh. How Opulentus Overseas careers support immigration. ICICI bank ICICI Bank Axis Bank are like pseudo private banks Christopher Wood. Review for Opulentus Immigration Consultancy: [deleted]. Review for Opulentus Immigration Consultancy. Reliance Jio rumored to offer HD channels at Rs 400 under JioHomeTV service. Paytm to offer forex services cross border remittances soon Reports. Recovery rate of NPA writeoffs falling UCO Bank draws a blank. Movie teaser reveals OnePlus 6 will be an Amazon exclusive in India. RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat On The State Of The Indian Economy Bloomberg Quint. VodafoneIdea Merger May Result in 5000 Job Losses. In conversation J.R.D Tata. IN CONVERSATION J. R. D. TATA. [Serious] Which still surviving businesses in Pakistan were Hindu/Indian owned but taken over post partition by Muslims and vice versa for Muslim owned businesses taken over by Hindus: Please try to provide some semblance of evidence. Here is one potential example not sure if this is true gtAHPL is the successor organization of Associated Hotels of India Limited which owned four hotelsFalettis of Lahore Flashmans Rawalpindi Cecils of Murree and Deans of Peshawar. gtAfter independence its proprietor Mr Oberoi migrated to India the hotels were declared enemy property and a new company called Associated Hotels of Pakistan Limited was incorporated to run these hotels under the overall control of Custodian of Enemy Property. Could anyone provide more examples please. [Serious] Which still surviving businesses in Pakistan were Hindu/Indian owned but taken over post partition by Muslims and vice versa for Muslim owned businesses taken over by Hindus: [removed]. Fortis Healthcare Three bids later investors see no windfall. VodafoneIdea Merger Vodafone Idea may let go of over 5000 employees. How to register a business in India. Investment options for students: [deleted]. A man losses 1 lacks Rs while filing IT Return Online India. PointPrizes.com. Hone your skills in 2018. Made for each other Indian startups and Chinese investors. Rs 6.21billion fraud CBI books former UCO Bank CMD Arun Kaul others. Bitcoins worth Rs 20 crore stolen from exchange in Indias biggest crypto theft. iPhones for sale: [removed]. Indian Stock Traders heres a place you deserve on Reddit : Join the sub r/IndianStockTraders for sharing stock market related ideas discussions having fun with some relevant memes... This is a free and liberally moderated sub unlike others who ban memes and fun ... Only criteria is relevance with Indian Stock Market... Rest is FULL FREEDOM Its an attempt to make available an Indian Counterpart of r/wallstreetbets Join and have fun..... How India Is Missing Out On Combating Fraud. DEVENDRA SURANA Union Budget 2018 MSME Expectations TECCI FICCI. How to convert crypto to fiat if RBI disallows banks to work with exchanges. Try Swagbucks guyz its easy way to earn money in INDIA: [removed]. Engg seat slump leaves teachers without pay. 41 of 1.38 lakh engineering seats in Maharashtra were vacant last year. To cope with the resulting cash crunch colleges are allegedly holding back faculty members salaries.. Bitcoin nearly died 300 times. Reliance Industries to pick up 72.69 stake in AIbased education firm. India must ensure privacy for biometric identification programs IMF. CoinSecure one of the largest Bitcoin Exchange of India has filed an FIR for 438 BTC heist.. Amazons Indian sellers grow global business by 200. Amazons Indian sellers grow global business by 200: [deleted]. PMs Sweden Visit Likely to Lend Impetus to AdaniSAAB Partnership. US to review 3500 Indian exports getting duty free access. 438 Bitcoins Worth Rs 19 Crore Stolen From Indias Coinsecure: One of Indias biggest cryptocurrency trading platforms has lost about 438 Bitcoins worth some Rs 19 crore after an employee went rogue. Delhibased Coinsecure has already filed an FIR. According to it one employee Amitabh Saxena may have had a role to play in the heist. This comes after the RBI earlier put a virtual ban on cryptocurrency in the country disallowing banks to do business with any firms or entities that use crypto. More on it here https//www.bloombergquint.com/technology/2018/04/13/indiancryptoexchangecoinsecuresuspectshandofexecutiveinrs19crorebitcointheft. Online Streaming Revolution India is binge watching. Coinsecure Says 438 Bitcoins Worth Rs. 19 Crores Stolen Inside Job Suspected. Stock Market Worlds bestperforming department store this year is in India. Amazon and Walmart take their fight to India: [deleted]. Coldstone Creamery India stealing someones art for an advertisement.. India pips Germany to be No. 4 car market. Bitcoins worth Rs 20 crore stolen from exchange in Indias biggest crypto theft. ICICIs CEO Love Must Have a Limit. 438 Bitcoins Stolen From Indian Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinsecure. Careers in Advertising amp Public Relations PR in India Jobs Salary Verticals and Top Colleges. Coinsecure First Indian Cryptocurrency Exchange to get hacked 438 BTC worth 20 Crore stolen. Will Star India recover its investments in cricket. [Todays TOI] Earn in Lakhs ..... PF How to withdraw pf online without employer signature. A Complete Checklist For Social Media Strategy In 2018. While our govt is busy ensuring liberal secular democratic rights chinese minister engages AMD to put up factory.. 10 Things to be Considered to Select Stock Broker Before opening a trading account. After four years Orkut founder says Hello to India with new social network app. Walmart close to buying majority of Indias Flipkart deal likely by endJune sources. Were talking about skill but should we be talking about work culture. Amazon may cut smartphone prices in market share battle with Flipkart. This Website contains WebStore cum Website for one of the Leading Investigation amp Risk Management Specialist Team of Inida.. Leading Investigation amp Risk Management Specialist Team of India. Exclusive Walmart close to buying majority of Flipkart deal likely by endJune sources. Sebi asks Sahara Mutual Fund to wind up all schemes. The rise of online TV streaming in India. Hotstar and chill.. Illegal Bitcoin Trading Flourishing in India After RBI Ban. Wipros Rishad Premji named Nasscom chairman for 201819. Sebi to auction 24 assets of Pancard at reserve price Rs 2100cr. Saudi Aramco signs MoU to build Rs 3 lakh crore refinery in Maharashtra. The rise of online tb streaming in India. Hotstar and chill: [deleted]. Illegal Bitcoin Trading Flourishing in India After RBI Ban. What are Some of the Challenges Faced in a C2C eCommerce Business Model: Entrepreneurs and employees working in C2C internet businesses what are some of the important challenges one might face or might not be wary of when setting up such a business besides obvious quality control issues and payments I intend to start up a portal where people can purchase preowned branded wear and would love some insight and suggestions. . Apt time for Kotak Mahindra to acquire Axis Bank Nomura. We want to give customers an experience that uses tech seamlessly says MD of HDFC Bank. The risks from the unending banking mess. Indian banking governance needs complete overhaul M Damodaran. Somebody Should Send Axis Banks Board a ThankYou Note. Explainer What the ICICI Bank and Videocon Investigation Is All About. When there is a sin there is a startup: [removed]. Indias Sovereign Dollar Bond Indian Government Toys With The Idea Of A Sovereign Dollar Bond Bloomberg Quint. Chanda Kochhar family had links with Videocon group since at least 2001. Salaries of private bank CEOs rise despite surge in NPAs. Sucheta Dalal covering the ICICI Videocon Nexus from the 1990s. Saudi Aramco inks MoU for 3lakh crore mega refinery at Ratnagiri. Why India is expecting spotify so much even with apple and amazon available. 9 Interesting business ideas in Delhi. India relieves most solar modules from customs duty. Irony at its best. RBI bans banks from dealing with cryptocurrency exchanges while Police extorts bitcoin.. Sequoia Indias VT Bharadwaj resigns as MD from venture fund. Trade friction between U.S. India is over unequal tariffs. Opportunity for crypto investors in India subject to an assumption: [removed]. New Crypto Exchange Opens In India Despite New RBI Regulations. WhatsApp looking for India country head. Shikha Sharmas eventful nine years at Axis Bank Highlights of her stint. PayPal ready to store transactions data in Indian servers. Local manufacturing of PCBAs will further reduce cost of their devices in India. Top 10 Indian CEOs Who Are Ruling The World. Xiaomi smartphones are selling like hot cakes in India. State Bank of India to invest Rs 80 billion in Nepals hydropower project. Business Development Executive Jobs in Bhubaneswar. Education Loan help.: I applied for an education loan on 16th march 2018 with HDFC Credila Gurgaon branch. The person involved in the beginning was very helpful and friendly and ensured me that the loan would be approved since all my documents were complete and my CIBIL and moms She is my coapplicant CIBIL are 700 and 800 respectively. Time went by and got a little nervous because I didnt have a revert from him. I called him up 2 weeks after the documents were submitted and he said that there had been a problem with my moms documents. To be precise it had to do with something about a car loan which was taken 10 to 12 years back. That issue was resolved with the bank in charge of giving her the loan at that time. The car was not worth the money and the bank on its own suggested us to give the car back to the banks possession which she did. Now back to the present I still havent had a word with the guy from Credila but yesterday i.e 8th April 2018 I got a call from another Credila branch for education loan. So I told him to come today and collect the required documents. He came today at around 12pm to collect the documents. I told the guy that Ive applied for a loan from Credila prior to this and havent had any word since March. He called the guy in front of me and got to know that my loan has been declined. This is such a bullshit move from Credila. They couldnt even tell me on their own about my loan being declined. They didnt even give me a reason for this. Me and my mom had already cleared them about the dispute of the car loan and for gods sake it was taken more than a decade ago and the issue had been resolved then and there only. My session is starting in 2 months I have paid the 1st installment but still require an education loan. Ive got the application forms from OBC Canara and PNB. And will submit their forms with the documents within this week. My mom is a teacher with no pending loans. Only consumer loans from Bajaj which are ending next month. I am student in last semester of B.Com H. I have 70/81/70/82 in 10th/12th/Grad/CAT. Can someone please suggest what I should do and whether my loan would be granted from the government banks Thanks. Edit Loans taken from these government banks would be about 7.5lacs as I cant provide collateral. I can provide the banks with a guarantor though. . Xiaomi is setting up three new smartphone factories in India to meet demand. How to Detect Accounting Fraud. What ails some of Indias private banks. Why Indian firms dont innovate. An outdoorsy bunch looking 4PLAY sets their office in MANALI. Help a crypto beginner: Hi guys new to reddit. I have a few questions about crypto currency. I was planning on investing in crypto for the last month and saved about 50k but our great government has struck once again and bitcoin is kill. I was planning on buying ETH and a few altcoins and holding them long term. Where can i still buy them Most sites look like scams. If you were to cash out how would you do that What about taxation on crypto Please help.. HODLers of randia how do you intend on buying/selling your coins now that RBI has banned crypto exchanges. Amazon arm to create NewAge tech workforce in India. ICICI boards clean chit to Chanda Kochhar too hasty. Hostel life at IIPM. Dare to think beyond IITs. Cryptocurrency guru arrested for bitcoinbased ponzi schemes scam could run into Rs 13000 crore. Cryptocurrency guru arrested for bitcoinbased ponzi schemes scam could run into Rs 13000 crore: [deleted]. Pls support amp contribute to the Indiegogo campaign for my startup which produces most efficient irrigation Sprinklers. We are based in Tamilnadu.: [removed]. Bitcoin Arbitrage from India is very profitable now: [removed]. IPL 2018 Indian Premier League Full Details. Amazon to export logistics successes made in India. ED attaches Property of Pyramid Developers. US giants in tugofwar for online retailer Flipkart. VideoconICICI Row Airports on Alert as CBI Issues Look Out Notices Against Chanda Kochhar Her Husband Deepak Kochhar And Venugopal Dhoot. Amazon keen to buy Flipkart but Flipkart wants to sell itself to Walmart Report. IAF Fighter Jets India Begins Procure Process. Technology inspires Social change 21st Century An Outlook: [removed]. Netflix announces its second original movie in India. Netflix has announced its second original movie from Ronnie Screwvalas film production house RSVP called Lust Stories that will debut in June 2018.. Uber India Will Now Put an Authorisation Hold on Your Card Before Your Trip Begins. Some PSU banks can be privatised though time is not right now SBI Chairman Rajnish Kumar. Lookout notices issued against Chanda Kochhar and Deepak Kochhar in ICICIVideocon Loan Case. India bans cryptocurrency trades: [deleted]. Flipkart Walmart completes due diligence for its big Flipkart buy.. Amid frauds RBI delays bonuses of ICICI Axis HDFC Bank CEOs. Reliance Jios entry saved India Rs 60000 crore a year at least says report. IPL the moneyspinner. Nepal PM arrives in India on threeday visit. Billionaire Investor Tim Draper calls Indian Government stupid for banning Cryptocurrencies. Billionaire Investor Tim Draper calls Indian Government stupid for banning Cryptocurrencies. IndiGo decides to drop out of bidding race for Air India because of the bundled deal. Chanda Kochhar Shikha Sharma RBI makes Chanda Kochhar Shikha Sharma wait for their bonuses. Credit Card Loan Vs Personal Loan 4 Basic Differences which make better understand.. India bond turbulence sharpens debate over foreign buyers. Is Make In India working India to get leftovers as China challenges electronics manufacturing giants. Indias central bank bans financial firms from dealing with cryptocurrency. If India makes bitcoin illegal other countries will gain Tim Draper Draper Venture Network. Bitcoin [BTC] banned in India Reserve Bank of India releases an official statement. Bangladesh manufacturing Banarasi saree in gross violation of Geographical Indication law. You will not be able to buy cryptocurrency via banks in India. Indian companies have scrapped projects worth 117 billion in just one year. With Jio Payments Bank Mukesh Ambanis Reliance readies another disruption. BloombergQuint on Twitter RBI cracks down hard on cryptocurrencies. Will this spell the end of virtual currencies in India Join Primetime Debate with Shivam Thakral Vishal Gupta vishalwrites amp TamannaInamdar. BQLive buyucoin https//t.co/sLj2aZevcH. ICICI BankVideocon case Chanda Kochhars brotherinlaw being quizzed by CBI. Tatkal ticket rules 2018 by IRCTC From booking to cancellation and refund all you need to know. Bitcoin Ban Banks Given 3 Months To Stop Dealing In Digital Tokens. India shuts down Bitcoins other virtual currencies prohibits any dealing with banks. Job creation in services sector back to 7 year high. How safety experts are responsible for workplace safety.. Diamond sorters with salary of 1215k loaned 2500 crores to Mehul Choksi. Directors in companies that lent Rs 2500 crore to Gitanjali gems were diamond sorters getting salaries of Rs 1225k: [deleted]. Paytm to enter mutual fund industry with a new app. This American woman visited India fell in love with chai now she has earned more than Rs 200 crore by selling tea. Reliance Jio Looks To Hire 3000 Executives. How WhatsApp for Business can drive your business forward: [removed]. Paytm to enter mutual fund industry with a new app. Axis Bank Personal Loan Lowest and cheapest Interest Rate Personal Loan From Axis Bank in Noida Delhi/NCR 10.49. Now Mark Zuckerberg says Indian Facebook users will get same strong privacy available to other FB users. Mastermind of 300 Mn worth Bitcoin scam Amit Bhardwaj arrested in Bangkok. Banks charge for SMS not in line with RBI guidelines customers ending up paying more. Betting big on India Marriott aims to achieve target of 200 hotels by 2023. Mark Zuckerberg says Indian Facebook users will not get stronger privacy protections available to EU users IndiaToday. Mukesh Ambani and Sunil Mittal building 6 billion war chest in Indias telecom tussle. Amazon may offer to buy Indias Flipkart Report. Growing Your Business Through Social Media: [removed]. Nokia 8 Sirocco Nokia 7 Plus and Nokia 6 2018 launch in India Everything you need to know. Indias Jet Airways to buy 75 Boeing jets in multibillion dollar order. RIL SBI joint venture Jio Payments Bank starts commercial operations. Hey guys What are some courses on COURSERA and Udemy which an MBA aspirant can take to make his CV/RESUME stronger during the PI at BSchools. RealCash How to Use our mPOS Device. Videocon loan case IT dept issues notice to Deepak Kochhar. Hey Deepak What are some courses on COURSERA and Udemy which an MBA aspirant can take to make his CV/RESUME stronger during the PI at BSchools: [deleted]. Amazon may offer to buy Indias Flipkart. Indian IT companies reduce H1B visa filings drastically. PSBs Wrote off Rs 2 41 lakh Crores of NPAs. Amazon may make rival bid for Flipkart. Customers money safe with us says Punjab National Bank. Amazon India hands over pink slips to 60 employees may fire more in future. Cognizant Defends Tax Position At Chennai High Court Hearing High Court Lifts Attachment of Cognizant Accounts. What are the best products to start a business for : I want to start ecommerce selling on different portals like Amazon Flipkart and other portals How do I choose products which would work . Give 4G spectrum to BSNL MTNL at the earliest Parliamentary panel. Marriott International plans to open 50 new luxury hotels in India. Is Dominos overcharging for your pizza GST antiprofiteering body slaps notice to Jubilant FoodWorks. Uncertainty lingers over Change in Law clarification for Indian solar. Softbank and GCLSI sign MoU for solar ingots wafers and module manufacturing in India. 3 Ways to Respond or manage crisis on Twitter Drama.. India ranks third after the US and China as the Top Global Tech Innovation Leader. Scope of Missed Call Marketing in India: [removed]. Ola acquires public transport service Ridlr in all stock deal. Videocon loan case ICICI Bank gave Rs 650 cr loan to Dhoots group company that had a turnover of just Rs 75 cr. tata steel Tata Steel to pay Rs 35200 crore cash for Bhushan Steel to convert remaining debt to equity. Tata Chemicals nutraceuticals project to be ready by 2019. Chanda Kochhars brotherinlaw advised ICICI borrowers on their foreign loans. Chanda Kochhar amp Shikha Sharma Two bank bosses in the eye of the storm. income tax returns With 99.49 lakh new tax filers income tax returns surge 26 in 201718. 2000 tractors from India:  sorry if this the wrong subreddit if you know a better place to ask this please tell me. Hey guys I will not go into any detail here but for business plans a friend of mine seeks 2000 tractors from India. He is not familiar with reddit so I thought I could try here for him. He was wondering what the price of 750 tractors with 45 horse power and 1250 tractors with 75 horse power would be and where to start/who to contact in India to find such tractors. Thank you guys in advance . Bandhan Bank IPO turns early staff into millionaires. Need a proper forum/website etc. for discussing investment plans: My father has recently retired and wants to invest money in various schemes to earn money. Is there any forum/website for discussing and comparing such plans I have no idea about these things. Any replies other than google will be helpful I am fully capable of searching through atleast 20 pages of google search results. Sorry if it comes out as rude. . Is Social Media making the young generation dumb: [removed]. GST impact Toyota Kirloskar halts Camry hybrid production as sales fall a sharp 73. What are some courses you can do to work in a bar in NCR. Google Will Reportedly Launch MidRange Pixel Phone Pixelbook Nest Devices in India. First US LNG shipment arrives at Dabhol. Led by Alto amp Dzire Maruti Suzuki now sells 1 car every 20 seconds Swift Baleno Brezza top sellers. Uber is Ripping Off Frequent Riders [NP]. So ICICI know I am going to withdraw money tomorrow.. and exactly how much. Nobody Comes Out of the ICICI BankVideocon Controversy Smelling of Roses. EuroVI Fuels Roll out in Delhi Prices Hit Record High. After questioning ICICI bank officials CBI to examine Chanda Kochhar in Rs 3200cr Videocon loan case. 7th Pay Commission vs 11th Bipartite Settlement A critical comparison. No parking fees in Hyderabad malls and multiplexes for first 30 mins Telangana govt. Spotify has reportedly appointed a Senior Editor of Culture for India. How to keep your facebook data safe in 5 steps. Eway bill mandatory from Sunday Karnataka an exception to notify inter intrastate movement. Toyota and Suzuki sign mutual agreement to supply certain models in India. Gails first US LNG vessel reaches Dabhol terminal to build. ICICI Bank ICICI Bank Board reviews the Banks internal processes for credit approval and finds them robust. The Board also expresses and reposes full faith and confidence in its MD amp CEO Ms. Chanda Kochhar. Indias top refiner plans 22 billion expansion over five years. Amul Dairy MD K Rathnam resigns amid allegations of Rs 4.5 bn fraud. Air India disinvestment potentially another scam in making says Subramanian Swamy. Average cost of factory labour at less than 2 per hour gives India big advantage of wage arbitrage Bain and Co. Worldwide Managing Partner Manny Maceda. About jio. GST ushers in new payment system for textile industry Surat News Times of India. Steal the deal. Meet Brook Eddy Another Successful Millionaire Chaiwali Who Started From Scratch. Sanctioned 3250 Crores As Part Of Consortium ICICI Bank Explains Exposure To Videocon Group. Chanda Kochhar An Astro analysis: [removed]. Indian Banks have now started sending emails and letters like these could be a causal factor in the recent Bitcoin crash: [deleted]. CBI registers preliminary enquiry into nexus between Deepak Kochhar and Videocon chief. Arundhati Bhattacharya among the names who could be leading govts bad banking fix. EXCLUSIVE PNB pays back Rs 6600 crore to eight banks defrauded in Nirav Modi scam. PNB probe gets murkier CBI grills ICICI Bank executive director N S Kannan in Rs 12636 cr banking fraud. CBI files PE against ICICI Bank CEO Chanda Kochhars husband and Videocons Venugopal Dhoot. This smaller PSU bank was founded 90 years before State Bank of India. ICICI Bank Chairman Reveals Chanda Kochhar Was on Panel That Cleared Videocon Loans. SEBI looking into ICICI Bank matter. ICICIVideocon loan row Whistleblower Arvind Gupta says Govt should check why loan was given to a sinking company. Chanda Kochhar a huge beneficiary of Videocon loan says whistleblower. Meet another Freedom Seeker Debasis Das from IBM Bangalore India. Indian companies raise a record Rs 1.77 lakh crore from equity markets. Coast Guard pilot Penny cremated with state honours. Bank Loans For Solar Power Plant In India. Accounts: [removed]. Toyota Suzuki to make cars for each other in India. Worried by IDBI Banks poor health RBI writes to Finmin. As we come to the end of another financial year .. r/India how has this year been for you: I head a MSME manufacturing unit. Weve had a really challenging year I wonder if its been the same for others as well. Despite the news stories to the contrary it feels as is the market has contracted .. . Ola in talks to buy Ubers India arm The Hindu. Bitcoin Mining Training Coming to 30 Cities in India.. Holding the mirror on corporate India. Last date to file Income Tax Return for Assessment years 201617 amp 201718 is 31st March 2018.: [removed]. Tough Love For Indian Freelancers By GOI. OYO Smart Coin OYO Rooms launches its own Cryptocurrency. Under Pressure From Japanese Investor SoftBank Uber And Ola Headed For Merger In India. Conduent opens ninth office in Visakhapatnam promises 5000 new jobs. It is important to choose The Best Quality TMT Bar before you buy.. Flipkart to refocus on selling books aims to post 70 growth in six months. Videocon ICICI board backs Chanda Kochhar amidst questions over Videocon. RBI slaps Rs 58.9 crore fine on ICICI Bank for failure to meet disclosure norms on sale of securities. Is DBS walking talking and earning like fintech. Air India Becoming Pvt. Videocon gets Rs 3250cr loan from ICICI Bank bank CEOs husband gets sweet deal from Venugopal Dhoot The Indian Express. IDBI Bank discloses fraud of 119 million. Relevance of SEO in Digital India: [removed]. Opening round Air India starts taxiing towards its flight to privatisation. Videocon gets Rs 3250cr loan from ICICI Bank bank CEOs husband gets sweet deal from Venugopal Dhoot. Fortis board clears sale of hospital business to Manipal. IDBI BANK SCAM. Report Uber in talks to merge with Ola in India. Air India Divestment takes Nationalistic colours with new Criteria. But the criteria have kept a window open.....: [removed]. ICICI Bank reviews credit approval process expresses full faith in Kochhar. HDFC Bank still threatening to deactivate account if not linked with Aadhaar [np]. SBI hikes interest rates on fixed deposits above two years. Ola Uber in talks to merge in India deal said to be brokered by SoftBank. Advance Tax amp Self Assessment Tax Help Please: Dear Friends I have paid advance tax now as i was not able to select self assessment tax i googled and found that self assessment tax can be paid after end of FY. As I paid my taxes as Advance Tax today will i have to pay any interest while filing my returns Please advice me. For individuals paying tax select Select 0021 INCOME TAX Other than Companies Choose the correct Assessment Year from the dropdown. Were currently on AY 201819 Select 300 SELF ASSESSMENT TAX If you are paying taxes after the Financial Year has ended. Fill in the rest of the details such as PAN Address and bank name. Note Choose 100 ADVANCE TAX if you are paying taxes during the financial year. Choose 400 TAX ON REGULAR ASSESSMENT if you are paying tax in response to a demand notice from the Income Tax Department.. Naidus auto push may rob Tamil Nadu of Motown edge. IndiaKorea bhai bhai: [removed]. Indian government rejects Googles Street View proposal. Narendra Modi Bonds surge most since 2013 as government surprises on borrowing Times of India. Credit Card Skimming What is Credit Card Skimming. Please Help me....: [removed]. Deadline To Link PAN With Aadhaar Extended To June 30 Says Tax Body. Income Tax dept freezes Cognizants bank accounts in Chennai Mumbai after firm failed to pay Rs 2500 cr DDT Firstpost. Is The UberOla Model Squeezing Drivers. Amazon to continue investing heavily in payments business. Bandhan Bank shares jump 30 on stock market debut: [deleted]. India beats Japan to emerge second largest steel maker in the world. Please Help me...Please..i really desperate..: [removed]. PNB refuses to share info to RTI query on action against defaulters bad loans. 5 low business ideas with minimum investment 2018. Autobiography Of A Stock is now available for PreOrdering at Amazon . Bandhan Bank From stolen bicycle to a Range Rover How Ghosh of Bandhan Bank rose from poverty to riches. Amid Facebook scandal Anand Mahindra floats idea of rival social media platform. RBI releases limited edition coins to mark 350th birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh Ji. Gurgaon tops the list Best Indian companies to work for. Bandhan Bank makes strong debut lists at 33 premium against issue price. What is TDS Tax Deducted at Source Chartered Accountant N Nityananda Expert Advice by CA. Please Help me...: [removed]. How Mallya amp Modi could teach debtridden Vidarbha farmers to stay cool. Two loan defaults lead to two different outcomes year upon year a nightmare version of dj vu. The former exits the country the latter exits the mortal world.. Cybersecurity in the Banking and Financial Services Sector IoT Threats Potential Solutions and Blockchain. After duty cut TV makers may switch to MakeinIndia mode. Case Study Is it always prudent to max out the 80C limit: For those who are not salaried employees and are in the lowest tax slab is it always prudent to max out the 80C limit I for example havent utilized even a bit of it yet for the current FY. I would have loved to invest a sizable portion in ELSS funds esp. Motilal ELSS but I feel that the past couple of quarters and those to follow are going to be quite volatile due to premium valuations political instability and various global events in that particular order. Im not particularly keen to invest in 5year FDs as well as I find them to be very inefficient after adjusting the returns with tax and inflation. Locking the funds for 5 years for no substantial gain is a no for me. Coming to PPF liquidity is slightly important for me for the next couple of years. So this is ruled out too. I just opened and started warming an Account though. So now that its been established that 80C might not be the correct fit for me Ive come up with the following calculations. 80C investmentTax liabilityNotional SavingsNotional CostNotional 11000062674000039149.79 8500075006500051477.92 6000088429000064897.21 40000987011000075176.83 200001090013500085476.57 5001190714950095546.39 For example in the last scenario I just exhausted Rs. 500 of the 80C limit for PPF. So my net tax payable is Rs. 11907. Had I exausted the complete 80C limit my net tax payable would have been Rs. 2353. Hence in order to prevent Rs. 149500 from being locked in for 5 years my notional cost would be Rs. 9554 119072353. Therefore the rate of return required to recoup the notional cost would be 9554/149500 i.e. 6.39. A similar logic would apply to all the other scenarios in the aforementioned table. Continuing the last scenarios example itself instead of locking in the Rs. 149500 for 5 years even if I just invest it in a one year corporate bond which yields around 10 interest I would be recouping the extra tax of Rs. 9554 that I paid. After one year if Im comfortable with investing in the equity market again I can invest the matured bond in it. The only downside that I see in this plan is that a major portion of the returns of the first year of the bonds would be sufficient just to recoup the extra tax of 6.39 that I paid. Only when that is recovered the Rs. 149500 would start generating wealth. What do you guys think about this plan Is it good to go or are there any loopholes that Im missing out on Any feedback would be really helpful. Cheers. No continuous holidays for banks. Bank Holiday No continuous holidays for banks: [deleted]. Hey guys i need a little help understanding the tax implications of swp. If anyone here with an expertise can help me i would be really grateful.: Will the swp Systematic Withdrawal Plan income be taxed according to your income slab. protocol leads Infotech. Investments in the Forest Resources of Siberia. online grocery shopping Mumbai Tata Sampann. Truth is RBI has less power to regulate PSU banks. Senior citizen duped inside bank. A dubious first PNB is just 5 days away from getting a defaulter tag. Nifty compared to its P/E ratio for past 18 years.: [deleted]. AHIMSA THE ONLY CRITERION. Indias richest religious group thinks the startup boom can make it even richer.. Bookmyshow how to end the monopoly.: Bookmyshow has been a monopoly for quite some time now. They charge extra money dont do cancellation or refunds etc etc . If a startup was to beat them to market . What would the strategy be. Banks to remain close for 5 days ATMs may run out of money as long weekend awaits: [deleted]. AirAsia offer Domestic flight tickets to start from Rs 850 international at Rs 1999. MSP Denial Could Cost Farmers Rs 14000 Crore in Rabi Season Alone. Sorry RBI governor Urjit Patel but the buck stops with you. Professional Fee paid by Deloitte India to Its US and Singapore Entities Not Taxable in India No TDS ITAT [Read Order]. How does the current Nifty50 correction compare to the Aug 2015 and Jan 2016 corrections. Virtual Trading Without Loss Share Market. Photoshop Skill Level 2000. India pips Germany ranks 4th largest auto market now. India pips Germany ranks 4th largest auto market now: [deleted]. CEO of top private bank spouse may be summoned in PNB fraud case. Nirav Modi PNB case CEO of top private bank family member under scanner for lending loans to Mehul Choksi firm Gitanjali group: [deleted]. Can someone tell me if I have unwittingly fallen victim to GST tax fraud. Water heater repair Tampa Water treatment Tampa. This startup has recycled over 4 tonnes of cigarette butts into useful products.: [deleted]. Flipkarts accrued loss bigger than Modis allocation for 1 crore affordable houses. Punebased GST Officer Arrested for receiving Bribe of 30000 Rupees. Global payments message service SWIFT expands tracker facility. 80 Indian internet users browse YouTube Google. India to have 10 mn iPhone users in 2018. No end to Nirav Modi like cases Now CBI books exGM of IDBI bank for Rs 445 cr cheating. Boost for Make in India Govt halves import duty on TV panel part to 5 Times of India. Reliance agrees to buy streaming platform Saavn will merge it with Jio Music: [deleted]. Reliance Jio Saavn to create 1 bn digital music platform. PADMAVATI 2018 HINDI MOVIE. Railways to revamp 90 stations. Jio Music to be combined with Saavn to form Indias largest platform for music and media. Which Indian exporters of Medical equipments can I approach for the attached tender I am in this country and can help them submit tender and lobby for the work. Apple and Amazon earnings mention India a lot less according to transcript analysis. Union Bank of India shares dive to 11year low as Rs 1394 crore fraud hits the PSU bank. Direct Benefit Transfer Savings from direct benefit transfer pegged at Rs 83000 crore. Indian stocks tumble Trump unleashes trade war. Pakistani company steals Indian ad with Kareena Kapoor Khan. Income Tax raids Whopping Rs 5259 crore unaccounted income found in Karnataka Goa The Financial Express. Chanda Kochar of ICICI and Shikha Sharma of Axis Bank CEOs could be arrested Amy time.: [deleted]. CBI investigates Rs 1394.43 crore Hyderabad bank fraud Union Bank of India key lender. Yet Another Banking Fraud CBI files case against Hyderabads Totem Infrastructure for cheating 8 banks of Rs 1394 cr. Mahindra ampamp Ford to codevelop SUVs small electric vehicle. Top Axis Bank executives Sidharth Rath V. Srinivasan have resigned. Supreme Court Defers Approval Of RComs Asset Sale To Reliance Jio Shares Fall. Real Estate 2017 Hyderabad best market Bangalore overtakes Delhi. Government extends facility of fixed term employment for all sectors. Railways greenlights Rs 492.87 cr project to ease traffic congestion in Bengaluru. [smart tips] How to do an investment smartly. Manish Sabharwal Problem is wages not jobs answer lies in formalisation financialisation The Indian Express. Public Sector Banks Nandan Nilekani to govt Privatise public sector banks before its too late. 2500 rs shot amp 7000 rs night Call GiRls in Karol Bagh 9540677201 Escorts service In Karol bagh: [removed]. Another Nirav Modi This Chennaibased jeweller Kanishk Gold is accused of whopping Rs 824 crore bank fraud. Ola ties up with IRCTC to provide first and last mile connectivity to rail commuters [NP]. Ashok Leyland bags order worth Rs 321 cr for supply of buses in Tamil Nadu. PNB Fraud Bank likely to slap civil case on staff linked to Nirav Modi. Should you take car loan [A deep analysis]. Flipkart to build 600cr logistics hub in Bengal. Indian Railways set for big transformation with modern worldclass Make in India locomotives The Financial Express. We got a rival for Tinder.. Is Mukesh Ambani responsible for Indias telecom turmoil. The buck just doesnt stop. 4 Best Advice from Successful Women That Could Give You a Right Direction. One Easy Way To Earn More Than 500 Per day In Hindi 2018. Should Fabindia Acquire Jaypore. Redmi 5 First Sale at 12pm Today Mi TV 4A Mi TV 4 Up for Grabs as Well. 16 Korean companies sign MoU with Andhra government to set up ancillary units. A Thank You Letter to India: Greetings r/India Im a long time lurker and this is my first post here. Ive been feeling like writing this for a while now as it may interest you as to how India has had a huge impact on my life over the last 10 years or so. My name is [selfcensored] and Im the cofounder along with my sister and mother of Via ndia a tour operator based in my home country Brazil. This is a brief story of how we came to be. In the early 90s my mother had decided to go on a spiritual journey to India she was and still is an astrologyst and a Osho follower so she organized a group of about ten friends and contacted a local travel agency. After negotiating and befriending the agency owner she managed to get her trip out for free. On this first trip she was able to visit only Pune in India and also Tibet and Nepal. A couple years later she was really anxious to visit India again so she managed to organize another group of 15 people mostly friends and clients. The local agency was contacted and my mother got another free trip. This time she went as tour leader in the Golden Triangle Varanasi Khajuraho and a few other cities. Note that this was her first time there and she had no prior experience with tourism or anything of the sort. Also she wasnt looking at the commercial/financial side she was just looking for a way to fulfill her dream of visiting India. Two years later she repeated the same process. Around 1998 inspired by mothers stories my sister who was 18 at the time decided to travel India. She spent around 8 months backpacking working oddjobs getting deep and familiar within the culture. It was a life changing experience for her. Cue to 2008. My father had died about one year before and me and my family we found ourselves completely alone and on a very difficult financial situation. Things were looking very grim as my moms income alone wasnt paying the bills. My sister helped the way she could she was an english teacher and I dropped out of college to help at home. One day my mother got a call from one of her friends who she had travelled with. The lady had a group of 8 people that wanted to visit India and she asked my mother to organize their trip. It wasnt the typical touristic tour it was a very specific itinerary which I dont remember exactly. So my sister who learned a lot about India on her 98 trip helped them plan their trip. My mother contacted that same operator from her previous trips and he was still in business Said and done those were Via ndias first clients. Of course it was not a business by then nor it had a name but we realized we could organize travel groups to India and make a profit from that So for the next three years my sister and mother made a living working together with organizing excursions to India. It was still very informal but they could work from home and it was a fun activity that put food on the table. By this time I wasnt very much involved since I had my own job which I enjoyed a lot although I was always around for whatever help that was needed. In 2012 we oficially opened the company Via ndia. Our premise was to be a Brazilian tour operator that specialized in India and its neighbouring countries. It was a long shot we were learning the business as things were happening but we slowly started creating a name for ourselves. Until 2014 we were focusing mostly on groups and excursions. That year I quit my old job and started working full time in Via ndia. Thats when things started to become more professional and look more like a business. We started selling individual packages to not only India but also Sri Lanka Nepal Thailand Bhutan Dubai and a few other places but India was still our flagship. In 2017 it was my turn to visit India and boy was it something. Even after working for a few years with India nothing could prepare me for the shock of arriving there. I immediatelly fell in love with everything about your country. The food the people the energy everything added up to this unique feeling of just being there. I might go into more detail of this trip later. This was also the year we joined the India Brazil Chamber of Commerce and started doing corporate tours. We have taken large groups of various areas from farm owners to pharmaceutical industry directors to IT professionals to the many worldrenowned fairs in India. We are proud of having an active role in facilitating business negotiations that brings money and work to both our countries. Moms not in business anymore so today its only me my sister and two employees. We are still small but we are growing steady and still learning every day. Our aim is to become a reference in Brazil to anyone who wants to travel to India be it for spiritual touristic or business reasons and we trust God will enable us to do that as we know we are definetly in the way. So Thank You India for giving me and my family a life path a source of income a carreer and enabling us to share our true love for this country while fulfilling peoples dreams of visiting it. . BITBNS first crypto currency exchange in India to introduce stop loss and stop limit Steemit. Farmer debts Relief the Kerala way. Mumbaibased private firms directors arrested over alleged Rs 4000crore fraud. Vijay Mallya extradition trial returns to UK court. Maa Anand Sheela Funny interview Good luck to you and your PIMPS.. Startup India Some of the schemes poster children say they never even signed up. Indian Crypto Traders Favor UPI Instant Payment System Over Credit Cards. How to get success in a startup. CAG Proceeds With Audit Report Questioning Reliance IT Dept for Tax Discrepancies. How Indian Insurance Companies Are Defrauding the Bottom of the Pyramid. F16 jet production in India will be exclusive Lockheed Martin. Dravid files complaint with police against Vikram Investments Former Indian cricketer claims he has been cheated of 6 crore. Just two things can fix public sector banks problems. How India made a Uturn on its EV ambitions. Only 5 of adult Indians establish own business Survey. India to meet solar capacity addition target of 10000 Mw. Anyone willing to trade Bitcoin for Paytm money: I want 85 rs. worth of bitcoin and for that I can pay 92 rs. in paytm.. How do I contact a HNI High Networth Individual : [deleted]. Good morning to you too Amazon. DRI Writes to Five Countries on Alleged Over Invoicing by Big Corporates The Wire. Rs 11300 crore lying unclaimed with 64 banks shows RBI data Times of India. Power women of Delhi NCR. Uber Ola in Hyderabad to join nationwide indefinite strike from today. Hyundai to make 1 million cars in India. Daughter Isha came up with Reliance Jio idea in 2011 says Mukesh Ambani. Born 2 NGO is Teaching the Art of Giving with Volunteers Across 5 Cities. Mukesh Ambani Says Jio Was Founded After Daughter Complained That The Internet In Their House Sucked. Wtf is this now. Theres an unspoken class system in Indian startups First comes IIT and then everyone else. Banks leave worries behind disburse Rs 1 lakh crore in 2 weeks.. Vijay Mallya case UK judge says obvious Indian banks broke rules. Zebpay the ultimate scam artists of Indian crypto space: Zebpay are not giving crypto deposits for 15 days using peoples money and making them suffer losses in these highly volatile space. We all Indian crypto lovers should get together and take some legal action against them.. Bandhan Bank Largest IPO by Indian bank subscribed 42 on first day. Spotify to launch music streaming service in India to stay ahead of Apple: [deleted]. PayPal CEO sees international potential as countries like India skip over legacy fintech. India has immense potential in digital payments space Edwin Aoki PayPal. Walmart is said nearing 7 billion Flipkart deal in India push Walmart plans to buy about a third of Flipkart in part by purchasing stakes from Tiger Global Management and SoftBank. The deal may push the valuation of Flipkart to about 20 billion. The Penniless Yogi Who Controls A BillionDollar Corporation. Bandhan Bank IPO Subscribed 88 On Day 2 10 Things To Know. Walmart is said nearing 7 billion Flipkart deal in India push Walmart plans to buy about a third of Flipkart in part by purchasing stakes from Tiger Global Management and SoftBank. The deal may push the valuation of Flipkart to about 20 billion: [deleted]. Anjali got creativity. Dont do ecommerce. Aparna Venster uPVC Windows and uPVC Doors India. Sensex Falls Over 100 Points Nifty Below 10400. Spotify is finally coming to India. Setback for GST World Bank calls GST Most Complex and Second Highest Tax Rate in World. Tamil Nadu Budget 2018 Package for STUs all old buses to be replaced. Setback for GST World Bank calls GST Most Complex and Second Highest Tax Rate in World. Need advice of a CA: So I registered for GST a long time ago. I havent yet started my business operations. I got a GST3A notice for not filing nil returns. Whats the worst that could happen if I ignore this Its not like I am hiding some huge business from the govt I havent even started. If I filed the returns I would have to pay penalty for 4 months that would amount to 10k12k. All this for a business that hasnt started. . Nirav Modi Vijay Mallya and 29 other Indian fugitives owe Rs40000 crore. Indias Biggest Private Lender Bans Use of Credit Cards to Purchase Bitcoin. PNB detects new fraud at Mumbai branch at heart of 2 billion fraud. Axis Bank Personal Loan Avail Lowest Interest Rate Axis Bank Personal Loan without visiting. PNB Detects New Fraud At Mumbai Branch Report. Why Does India Hate Bitcoin. SBI cuts charges for minimum balance shortfall by up to 70. The IITIIM bro culture sustainsand stiflesIndias startups. YSK that youre entitled to get a refund of penalties charged for nonmaintainence of minimum balance by any Bank: I tried posting this as a comment in another thread but I dont know why it was removed. Yes you CAN get a refund of minimum balance penalty charged by the bank from your account if the bank has not followed RBI instructions. Here is my story My ICICI account was charged almost 4k over a period of two years which I had ignored earlier. I came to know about an RBI notification in 2016 which changed the whole situation. No bank is allowed to charge for minimum balance unless they inform customer in advance and give time of 30 days to rectify the balance. Here is the link Desktop link https//www.rbi.org.in/scripts/NotificationUser.aspxId9343ampMode0 Mobile link https//m.rbi.org.in//scripts/NotificationUser.aspxId9343ampMode0 This came into effect from 01.04.2015. I followed this and filed an online complaint with ICICI bank for refunding the charges. Initially I could trace about 3.5k only. after a couple of days my branch manager called and asked me to visit. I met her and explained the situation. She felt bad because of the online record and told me to come visit the branch for any such matters first. I showed her the list of charges and she told me all will be reversed. I left and after a few days I was surprised to see that they had reversed more than what I had asked them to. They also reversed those entries which I couldnt trace out. I was so happy that I got 4k refund from them. This all happens because we are too careless to note the small details like SMS or email. Now all banks have become cautious and started sending out reminders if your balance is low. They also give the prescribed time of 30 days to rectify the balance. If youre not able to increase the balance within this time then only will they charge. The notification also says that the penal charges should be proportional to the shortfall in minimum balance. All banks have revised their charges in 2017 following slabs for collecting these charges. Before this they were charging lumpsum amounts irrespective of the shortfall in the balance. If youve paid some charges already anytime between the last 3 years now is the time to get it back. Because no bank was following these instructions before July 2017 AFAIK. Check your SMS for this period and file the complaint. Youll get the refund. Good luck EDIT updated the desktop site link.. HAL IPO Foreign investment banks drop out over zero fees inordinate delays. Install Mini size shopping APP. India eyeing on Boeings Super Hornet. WhatsApp set to disrupt India market with push into digital payments. Pierce Brosnan says was cheated by pan masala brand. LIC LIC a big investor in many companies in bankruptcy process. New Crypto ICO: [removed]. PNB scam Urjit Patel breaks silence says RBIs regulatory powers over PSBs are weaker than those over private banks Firstpost. Urjit Patel breaks his silence on PNB says RBI alone cant be held responsible for frauds: Urjit Patel breaks his silence on PNB says RBI alone cant be held responsible for frauds http//economictimes.indiatimes.com//thumb.cmsphotoid63302187ampimgsize131652ampwidth800ampheight600ampresizemode4 The banking regulator also said that banks can keep large buffers in their capital structure to bear the losses which occur due to such frauds.. The Nirav Modi story is telling retail banking consumers that the rules are only meant for us the retail consumers. The rich and well connected get a free pass. RBI clamps down on credit guarantees as PNB fraud swells. [NP] Started a basic blog for sharing info about cryptocurrencies. Contains no adverts/advice/promotions/referral. [OLD] Indias top government banker would take 200 years to earn as much as her privatesector peers. SBI shuts 41.2 lakh savings accounts for not keeping minimum balance. RBI bans letters of undertaking for seeking overseas loans. Postscam RBI stops issue of LoUs. RBI discontinues Letters of Undertaking Letters of Comfort as instruments of trade credit.. 6 Reasons to choose LED DownLights for Ambient Lighting: [removed]. How a class 10 dropout duped Amazon of Rs 1.3 crore. Man spends over Rs 9 crore on UK websites using SBI card capped at 200 CBI registers FIR: [deleted]. I built an app for identifying arbitrage opportunities and tracking price across all cryptocurrency exchanges in India: https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.bariski.cryptoniffleramprefreddit Its called CryptoNiffler and it lets you keep a track of all upcoming crypto events and has an up to date coin price listing. Its a more intuitive way of representing arbitrages by capturing whether a particular crypto is trading above/below market/exchange rates and by how much in age. This opens up possibilities for single coin arbitrage and cross coin arbitrage. Cross coin arbitrage is where there are multiple coins involved. For eg. say you come to know that Koinex has Ripple trading 2 above market rate and Bitbns has Ether trading at 8 above market rate. You could use an exchange like Binance to convert between these tokens and book 6 profit on the transfer. Im all ears to feature requests and feedback nothing more awesome than the community pointing you in the right direction. . How to send Unlimited Bulk SMS from pc to mobile. SBI reduces minimum balance charges to Rs 15 from up to Rs 50 earlier. Videocon seeking extension for Rs22000 crore loan from 17 banks. Andhra Bank share value falls 13 as ED files charge sheet against former director in Rs 5K cr fraud. Popular crypto currrency exchange Binance got Hacked Here is what exactly happened. Mumbai man spends Rs 9.1 crore on UK websites using SBI card with Rs 13000 limit CBI. Adidas Holi inspired collection called out for cultural appropriation.. At 45K cr Bandhans IPO valuation is 2nd after SBIs. SBI tightens noose around borrowers in jewellery sector. Income Saving Expense should be your equation to achieve your crorepati dream. PNB Fraud 30 banks paid out funds against guarantees. How digitisation is paying for DBS. Up close and personal with Rahul Agarwal the peoplefirst CEO and MD of Lenovo India. Japan offers Green card for Indian Techies and IT professionals Here is what you should know: A few days ago the Indian media was buzzing with news of Japan opening its immigration program to attract hundreds of thousands of Indians. The articles said Japan will open up its doors to about two lakh IT professionals from India and issue green cards to settle down in Japan and support the countrys rapidly expanding IT infrastructure said Shigeki Maeda Executive Vice President at Japan External Trade Organisation JETRO a government body here on Thursday. Currently there are around 920000 IT professionals in the country and there is an immediate demand for more than 200000 IT professionals from India which is likely to further swell to 800000 professionals by 2030 he said in his keynote address at the IndiaJapan Business Partnership Seminar which was jointly organised by Bangalore Chamber of Industry and Commerce and Jetro. The Japanese Immigration Bureau Ministry of Justice has published a guide that explains [Pointsbased Preferential Immigration Treatment for HighlySkilled Foreign Professionals]http//www.immimoj.go.jp/newimmiact3/en/index.html A few more tips on [the blog]http//www.beyondlayoff.com/2018/03/japanoffersgreencardforindian.html . Paytm founder Vijay Shekhar Sharma youngest Indian billionaire with net worth of 1.7 billion. Reclaiming Bad Assets Are Banks Bankrupt Meera Sanyal ampamp Abizer Diwanji IndiaTodayConclave2018. PNB scam fallout Passport details mandatory for loans above Rs 50 crore: [deleted]. Laptops Buy Laptops at Best Prices in India Online at Lotus Electronics. Japan offers Green card for Indian Techies and IT professionals Here is what you should know: [deleted]. Best tech items under Rs 1000 to buy in India at the moment. Every country needs a Jio Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. Every country needs a Jio Netflix CEO Reed Hastings. What is Zebpay and How to Buy Bitcoin in India. [App]AdvisoryMandi introduced in April 2015 is Indias most trusted Stock Market Advisory marketplace. Check It Out[NP]. PhonePe is still giving away..: [removed]. Passport details must for loans of Rs 50 crore and above after Punjab National Bank fraud. Air India customers suffering CMD Pradeep Singh silent. SBI UCO Bank look for buyers to clearoff Rs 1245 crore NPA. job. How to register a tuition center: I would like to start a tuition center in Tamilnadu India. What is the procedure to register it What are some self employed business best practices What should I be vary of. CocaCola plans to localise 2/3rd of its products portfolio in India. People Claim they were Lured into Attending Ravi Shankars Srinagar Event with False Promises. [Paywall] Coalgate 2.0 The Adani Group reaps benefits worth thousands of crores of rupees as the coal scam continues under the Modi government. UP shedding its Bimaru tag says Yogi Adityanath. Passport details made mandatory for loans above Rs50 crore after PNB fraud. Twitter appoints IITBombay alumnus Parag Agrawal as new CTO. Goldman Sachs sues Jaipur based crypto startup Bitman Sachs. I need your opinion: I have recently learnt web design. I am also studying law in college. Basically I wanted to earn a little side income. I can design a beautiful website. But the problem is how do I find clients Seriously how do I get people who are willing to get a website designed from a freelancer and pay him Please serious replies only. . 5 important and affordable tools to market your brand/business on social media. 5 important and affordable tools to market your brand/business on social media: [deleted]. Bishop Cotton Boys School Bangalore. Fee structure for the Year 201718 LKG. Paytm also opening Payment Bank account while doing KYC for wallet. Donald Trump threatens to impose reciprocal tax on India. RBI slaps rupees five crore penalty on Airtel Payments Bank The Indian Express. Lust in translation arrival of the love hotel divides India: [deleted]. Jio impact Aircel filed for bankruptcy. Uber Places Bet on India in Deal With Cricket Celebrity Kohli. New Crypto Currency: https//www.koincard.net/welcome/index/658e I want to share news about KOIN a new digital currency looking to increase holders through free sign up and free 25 KOIN plus BONUSES. I know that there are many choices out there but this one is pretty simple to understand. The link below is an invitation but it also gives details about KOIN which also includes video. Just looking to help them grow their base. https//www.koincard.net/welcome/index/658e Additional recommendations 1. Change password after signing in. 2. Use invite link on site or your unique link to invite family and friends. 3. Review site daily for updates on KOIN progress. 4. Only use one email/person to maintain integrity of program. . Twitter CTO Twitter appoints IITBombay alumnus Parag Agrawal as new CTO. Automotive 3d printing technology. Vijay Mallya Assets worth Rs 12400 crore can clear dues Vijay Mallyas company to HC Times of India. July 6 2011 Indian Spiritualism Made for the Modern Age. Amazons rare commitment of additional 22 billion in obligated future food purchases: After acquiring Whole Foods Amazon took on an additional 22 billion in contractually obligated future purchases. Its estimated that the balance which also showed up in Whole Foods filings for the first time in November is almost entirely tied to the grocery chains prior contract with its largest supplier United Natural Foods UNFI. Amazon is promoting the sphere of its business in recent years including Amazon Fulfillment by Amazon FBA which offers services for suppliers to sell the products as long as they complete the goods storage process.Recommend FuninUSA for FBA service Big multiyear supplier contracts are rare for the ecommerce giant which is known for signing shortterm agreements that put constant pricing pressure on its suppliers. The grocery business is new territory for Amazon and the disclosure reflects its longterm plan to turn Whole Foods into a major revenue driver. Whole Foods and UNFI have deeply interwoven operations because of their 18year relationship. In 2015 they disclosed an agreement that expires in 2025. That contract was likely based on more flexible terms and didnt require specific future obligations. This is a signal that Amazon is going full throttle into the grocery industry. Another benefit to Amazon maintaining a close relationship with UNFI may be its access to health and personal care products reported in FuninUSA. According to One Click Retail Amazons health and wellness sales grew 30 percent last year bringing the total segment to 2.5 billion. The commitment may be Amazons way of getting direct access to brands.. Chardham yatra is the top yatra of Uttarakhand. NIFTY MOVEMENT: [removed]. First under IBC Tata Steel bags bankrupt Bhushan Steel Rs 45000 crore NPA all set for resolution The Financial Express. PNB scam CBIs 3rd FIR says fraud started before 2017. 30 Best Hotel amp Hospitality Management Schools in the World Meta Review. Fourth IndiaEurope 29 Business Forum took place in New Delhi. Full text I am being threatened by people who I had business relations with Mehul Choksi writes to CBI. Empower women in India to work EqualPay. Govt approves relief package for debtridden telecom sector. Buy Sell Rent and Property Management Services in Hyderabad Amaravati SunikshaRealty: [removed]. Are Indian entrepreneurs not as good as Chinese: Alibaba and JD defeated Amazon Didi forced uber out although with a deal and they have Tencent we chat competitor to Whatsapp facebook . Xiomi Oppo Lenovo are there against Apple where is our electronic power house In India we dont have any such companies who can withstand the storm of US firms. Is it because our business leaders are not that good Should the government hand hold them for a bit We shouldnt end like Europe which is a digital colony of USA. Facebook Apple Google Uber keep on arm twisting Europe. That shouldnt be us. . PNB fraud woman moves HC on arrest after sunset. Mukesh Ambanis 33 Billion Bet On Indias Digital Revolution. Since Nifty is dipped so well want some suggestions related to Mutual funds.: I want to start investing in MFs. I have traded a lot in equity and derivatives obviously lost some money and I dont have time to continue trading due to my job and CA final exams. I want to know some good MFs to invest which looks promising and has a good past as well and the ones you invest in. Dont need pure debt funds. Pure equity would be great and also I am fine with hybrid ones.. 9 Habits of Leadership 6 is important. PNB Fraud PNB banking scam How 2 employees fooled a bank to pull off the years biggest con job: [deleted]. No visible possibility of Gitanjali dues recovery ICICI Axis bank officials. Zomato is hiring new Product Manager. Courtsy zomatotwitter. WhatsApp Pay Does Vijay Shekhar of Paytm Protect Too Much. Missed KYC deadline for Paytm Heres how you can continue using your ewallet. An insiders account of the changing face of banking. What are the best institutions to study hotel management in if you want to open a hotel in India: What are the best institutions to study hotel management in if you want to open a restaurant in India. 100 giveaway: [removed]. how to get back disabled google adsense account in Hindi 2018. Delhis oldest and sweetest businesses. WTH happened today guys Is it safe to invest in Indian ventures: [deleted]. PNB scam SFIO summons ICICI chief Chanda Kochhar Axis Bank CEO Shikha Sharma. Bulk SMS/Message Marketing Service Provider In Delhi India. International Merchant Account Providers: [removed]. Bulk Whatsapp Message/SMS Marketing Service in Delhi India. Pawan Hans choppers are flying coffins ONGC staff. How to get loan to payoff credit card outstanding. RBI slaps Rs 3 cr penalty on Axis Bank. Indian Cryptocurrency Exchanges EthexIndia and BTCXIndia Shut Down. Tata Boeing open Apache helicopter unit in Hyderabad. Tata Boeing Aerospace facility Hyderabad will produce fuselages for the AH64 Apache helicopter making it the sole global producer of the component.. PNB scam CBI arrests 4 officials of Nirav Modi Mehul Choksis companies. How to send 95000 to India best possible way without paying much fees with good rate to my NRO account for purchasing property: FROM USA. United Bank exCMD booked in disproportionate asset case. Cryptocurrency Investment more fraud and manipulation: With the advent of cryptocurrency people never stop their steps in exploring the secrets and rules behind the digital currency market. Some people even comment that buying bitcoin is just like gambling since its price has obviously fluctuated fiercely in recent years. So whatre certain risks which the customers might stand when entering the digital currency market The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is currently probing the cryptocurrency market reported by FuninUSA.The commission is looking into the structuring of initial coin offerings which arent required to adhere to the strict regulations that apply to public offerings citing sources. Initial coin offeringsICOs allow cryptocurrency startups to raise funds through the issue of digital tokens.Under current circumstances the ICO isnt perfectly regulated or under clear limitation which apparently increases the uncertainty of ICO.Hence investors ought to demand clear answers if they decided to invest in ICOs or cryptocurrencylinked products advised by FuninUSA. Financing in the way of ICO can be done without a legal subject. As the cryptocurrency and ICO markets are currently operating there is substantially less investor protection than in our traditional securities markets with correspondingly greater opportunities for fraud and manipulation.recommend FuninUSA for the latest information about cryptocurrency investment Therefore investors should be more cautious when considering investing ICO project.. Medical space for rent/lease/partnership in Ahmedabad.. Indian Income Tax Where does Income from online sale of graphic design go while filing ITR for a salaried employee: I hope this post belongs to this subreddit. I am Indian and have a full time job at an Indian Company. However in my free time I design and upload icons to [the noun project]https//thenounproject.com. FY20172018 is the first year I have paid income tax just crossed the tax slab. I plan on filing my ITRs shortly however been extremely confused about how to go about this situation. Below are few of my concerns 1. There seems to be different ITR froms ITR1 ITR2 ITR3 etc. I believe ITR1 is for salaried citizens while ITR 4 is for self employed. What about someone like whos both 2. Since these are online sales I have no control over which country the purchases happen in. Does this count as overseas sales and does it have any impact on my ITR filing 3. If you think this is a complex situation and I should see some professional help who would be bette A CA or an TRP. PNB Row This Is How System Was Bypassed By Nirav Modi amp Corrupt Bank Officers. This online fashion store is having some cool stuff for this summer. Their No questions asked return policy is a confidence booster to purchase garments online.. Made in India TataBoeing Aerospace opens Apache combat chopper component manufacturing unit in Hyderabad. Flipkart Limited invests 4843.4 crore into its India units to take on Amazon. Can Zebpay become coinbasebinnace of India. SBI hikes lending rates by up to 20 bps to 8.15 percent. HelpHow to send money to Bangladesh from India: Hello redditors My friend is trying to send money to Bangladesh from India to his brother. He enquired it about this matter to the bank and they said that there is no way to transfer money to Bangladesh from Bank. Any idea on sending money to Bangladesh with estimated fees and charges. Thanks. In interim order US court stops creditors from debt collection from Nirav Modi firm. Life Tips For Entrepreneurs from CityGreens Founder Gaurav Narang. Bsnl limiting my data rate to 4mbps on my 10mbps plan. How do I get this fixed. Can Zebpay become Coinbase of India: [deleted]. Official website of Union minister found to be mining Monero cryptocurrency with Coinhive Technology News Firstpost. How Baba Ramdevs Patanjali Is Using Nationalism To Power Its Business Strategy. Malaysian tycoons 7 billion wipeout turns his India dream into nightmare. Tycoons 7 Billion Wipeout Turns His India Dream Into Nightmare. Aircel makes desperate calls to Reliance Jio Airtel to keep network running. Malaysian tycoons 7 billion wipeout turns his India dream into nightmare. Capital First gets NHB nod for merger with IDFC Bank. This stupid bank is charging for every UPI transactions.. Aditya Birla Idea Payments Bank starts operations. Mundra SEZ Adani Group secures inprinciple approval to divert 1552 hectares forest land. Cabinet clears setting up of NFRA to oversee auditors. TataBoeing Aerospace expects to supply Apache chopper fuselage by yearend. Being charged more to cancel my flight tickets AirIndia. Help Need some investment advise in India: If you have Rs 30 to 40 lacs to invest where would you invest property shares/stocks FDs any others keen to discuss.. 7th Pay Commission Big Holi bonanza for over 8 lakh government employees. India is a land of missed opportunities Mercedes Benz. [NP]Gitanjali Gems share price graph. To all the Indians who are looking to make monies: [deleted]. Boeing quadruples sourcing from India to over 1 billion in 2 years. ElI5 Nirav Modi case what can the bank do to get its money back and will it cause any repercussions or changes in how banks operate in the future.. Massive RBI never audited PNBs Brady House branch for 9 years where Nirav Modi took loans. Public banks finally close down a loophole that Nirav Modi exploited so brazenly: Public banks finally close down a loophole that Nirav Modi exploited so brazenly http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/indiatoconsolidate35overseasbranchesofstaterunbanks/articleshow/63125326.cms. How Bank of Barodas misadventures dragged it into South Africas political crisis.. Im too busy with my business Nirav Modis reply to a CBI summons on PNB scam. Not sure if this notification is for the taxpayer or to the government.. PNB Fraud Nirav Modi refuses to join CBI probe. Cognizant moves 8000 jobs out adds staff in N. America. Demystifying Internet of Things IoT. Has anyone here started a food truck business in India If so what are the legal procedures that youve undergone: Planning on starting one in Karnataka or Kerala and wanted to know what legal procedures I should be following.. India Regains Status As Fastest Growing Major Economy. India Regains Status As Fastest Growing Major Economy[P]: [deleted]. Fresh CBI complaint against Chirag computers maker for Rs515 crore fraud. Can I legally write a return policy for my offline shop in India: Is there a legal way to obtain a return policy for my offline store in India I want to do business man I dont wanna waste my precious life in lawsuits by customers.. Reliance Big TV Offers FreetoAir and Paid TV Channels Effectively for Free With New Offer. Jio and Samsung joined hands to get cellular IoT network in India. Find out how can you pay less tax on your salary and take full advantages of income tax law.. PNB fraud Mumbai police arrests banks internal auditor. PNB fraud Nirav Modi refuses to appear before CBI cites he has business abroad. IndusInd Bank partners with cryptocurrency and payment player Ripple for remittances. Nirav Modis Firestar Diamond files for bankruptcy in US. Sources say Aircel files for bankruptcy in Mumbai NCLT Alert Aircels lead banker is SBI and its debt stands at around Rs 19000 Cr. News Live Telecom operator Aircel files for bankruptcy with NCLT: [deleted]. Dalal St. Daily Just started a daily podcast on the days events in the Indian Financial Markets: [removed]. A good place to understand income tax return filing for FY 201718. Lessons from my first Startup in college. Baahubali Director S S Rajamouli Invests in this Tech Startup ..: [deleted]. Ola ties up with Railways for last mile connectivity at 5 stations Livemint. India February factory growth slows to fourmonth low as rising prices dent demand PMI. IndusInd Bank partners with cryptocurrency and payment player Ripple for remittances. Amazon music launched in India: It was available only for Echo customers so far. It is available for all the prime customers now. The apps are available in Google play store and iOS store. The biggest recruitment drive India Railways starts hiring process for 89500 positions. Punjab National Bank India bank scam could swell to 2 billion. Blockchain Technology Beyond Cryptocurrencies and Financial Services. Rs 1000 Cssh back PhonePe New Join Cash Back By Link Bank Account: [removed]. Bank of Barodas role in South Africas Gupta scandal. Mr. Mahindras neversettle spirit always led Mahindra to grow into one of the Indias largest conglomerates. The transformation from preindependence era companies to market leader in the competitive era is nothing more than astonishing in India.. Chennai cab drivers join hands to launch service taking on Uber and Ola. UPPCL Recruitment 2018 2779 Technician www.uppcl.org. Here is Position of India in Worlds Export Market. Nirav Modiowned Firestar Diamond affiliates file for bankruptcy in US. India gives staterun banks 15 days to improve oversight. Indian Police Arrest Man Operating Ponzi Schemes Exploiting Cryptocurrency. Oil amp Natural Gas Corp PSU Indian Oil Corp PSU Gujarat State Petronet Ltd a subsidiary of GSPC group Stock performance since Jan2014. Oil amp Natural Gas Corp PSU Indian Oil Corp PSU Gujarat State Petronet Ltd a subsidiary of GSPC group Stock performance since May2014: [deleted]. Rot at PNB gets deeper fraud is now worth Rs 12700 crore.. Budget 2018 View Every year the same old story Punish the honest let the dishonest make merry. BSE No transaction fee on Sensex 30 stocks from March 12. TIL Indias most expensive stock is of a company that started out making balloons and contraceptives.. Banking scam has UPA era roots. Indians study hard and get MBA may be buy Mercedes but lack creativity Apple cofounder Steve Woz. ACT Fibernet is Providing Additional 1500GB Data to its Broadband Subscribers for Free. Reliance Jio Can Now Undercut Rivals With Regulatory Backing. Income tax on remoteworking job: I wanted to understand my tax liability if I am working from India for an EU based firm. The relevant details 1. The employment contract offered by the firm will not be a freelancer/consultant contract. I will be a salaried employee on a fulltime contract 2. The firm will not be deducting any taxes and remitting my gross salary directly to my bank account on a monthly basis Few questions that I had were around Can I file tax as a freelancer or only as a regular salaried employee would I need to pay GST/Service Tax etc. Does it make sense to file as a freelancer if I can what is the difference in tax liability between the two options can I claim deductions for electricity bill internet bill etc. if I am filing as a salaried employee working from home Apologies if the question is not clear enough. Let me know If I should provide any more details. Thanks. Need to send money to US cheapest and easy way: Hey guys I need to send moneyapprox 10 lacs to US from India but my bankICICI is giving a terrible exchange rate of Rs 66.20 and on top of that there will be 40 incoming wire fee. Is there a service like remilty or transferwise to send money to US without paying thousands of rupees in fees. The money needs to be sent from my account in India to my account in the US. Any help is appreciated. Thanks. 10 Things Modi Government Could Do Before Or Even Without Privatising Banks. Need to send money to US cheapest way: [removed]. Expats in Mumbai are the worlds highestpaid earning over twice the global average. Andhra Pradesh Reliance Jio to invest Rs 15000 crore in state to manufacture phones other electronic devices. Startups revamping healthcare sector in India. Axis Bank to focus only on betterrated borrowers. I was thinking about setting up a company that would provide IT support to the middle class Indian citizens....FOR MONEY: Totally not legit just looking to scam some idiots. I figure what goes around comes around right . Cryptojacking. DTU Delhi MBA Admission 2018 Eligibility Application Date. Stock Options Are A Complete Mess in India Despite Tech Boom. Indias City Union Bank CEO says suffered cyber hack via SWIFT system Reuters. So my sister asked me to help her make a meme for her mutual funds presentation. This is what i came up with.. Six arrested for Rs 1.95crore HDFC Bank loan fraud. Spotify opens office in India might launch services soon. Indian companies line up Rs 25000cr public offers. Better pay means less corruption. ED seizes Modis collection of luxury watches. Mumbai family buys 4 flats at Rs 1.2 lakh per sq ft. Survey for finance: [removed]. CBI Books Delhi Jeweller Over Rs 390 Crore Oriental Bank of Commerce Loan Scam The Wire. An Unnamed IAS Officer Levels Serious Allegations of Corruption Against BigFour Firm KPMG India. PNB Scam Reports Show Rs 3000 Cr Additional Fraud From 17 Other Banks SBI Reports Exposure Of Rs 1360 Cr. Rs 11400 Crore PnB Scam To Be Investigated By PwC A Firm Found Guilty In Satyam Computer Scam. Wanted for fraud Mehul Choksi writes to workers in hope of Happy times. SC Says MultiNational Accounting Firms Are Prima Facie Violating The Law Directs Centre To Constitute Expert Committee. My dad got scammed today via HDFCs payzapp app and PNB crad leak and I need your help.: Its a single 10k transaction there were 6 more transactions pending. My dad is a learned man and this was a momentary lapse in judgement on his part he realised his mistake as soon as he shared first pin. I know its an error at our part but HDFC and other payment apps will have to be more responsive and responsible. If this can happen to my dad then I dread how easy it is to fool someone less learned and capable. So please help me out here. I am going to drag HDFC and PNB out to a court battle if they dont clarify how its possible for them to enable fraudsters and not block accounts at first hint of a scam. I know its just 10k and it is not a huge amount for us. But its more than that. Thanks for reading Kindly retweet if youve got Twitter https//twitter.com/nishantc/status/967282239238213635 TLdr HDFC wont respond to a fraud payment made by their Payzapp client. So I am whoring out for retweets. Edit sorry for typo in title. Posting from phone.. After Nirav Modi Delhibased diamond exporter booked for Rs 389crore Oriental Bank loan fraud.. After Nirav Modi Delhibased diamond exporter booked for Rs 389crore Oriental Bank loan fraud After Choksi and Modi Another diamond jewellery exporter booked for loan fraud: [deleted]. Digital Manufacturing Industry In GurgaonNexams. Jan Gan Man Ki Baat Episode 201 Private Hospitals in India Are Making Profits up to 1737. Not just Banks Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi Looted People too says Congress. Narendra Modi is my favourite entrepreneur Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi. Fivestar hotels might do away with bathtubs soon. The Economic Times Global Business Summit 2018 4thEd Speakers 23rd24th Feb 2018: [deleted]. Cant repay debt because PNB went public Nirav Modi in letter. Kia Motors to hire 3000 employees for its upcoming plant in Andhra Pradesh. Kia Motors which is investing over 1 billion to set up a new manufacturing facility in Andhra Pradesh said it will soon start recruiting employees to operate its upcoming plant. 3 PSUs in Karnataka incurred loss of Rs 981 cr in 201617 CAG. Indian online retailer Flipkart will sell Samsung Galaxy S9 and Galaxy S9 Plus in India. Steps to file a grievance / complaint on the GST portal. Instead of refunding MakeMyTrip[shitty] takes money from you to cancel hotel booking. Rotomac Pens owner Vikram Kothari son arrested by CBI Times of India. Rotomac pens owner Vikram Kothari son Rahul arrested by CBI in Rs 3695crore loan default case. Need advice Mistake in NEFT transaction and poor bank process cost me money: Im posting this to seek advice from people here about a situation I have with a bank. Back in 2014 I made 2 NEFT transfers to my then tenant to return his deposit money Rs.120000. I made a mistake in entering his account number and money was transferred to a different account. All other details in the transaction did not match the actual recipient for instance the names did not match and also the IFSC codes did not match. The person who got the money wiped his account clean and has since refused to return the money when the bank asked for it. The bank now absolves itself from this saying they have placed a lien on the account and the money will be repaid when the account has enough money. I tried following up with the bank many times in person and via mail. I even wrote to the MD and senior management to no avail. Am I wrong in expecting the bank to take responsibility for a lapse in their process I admit I made a mistake with the account numbers costly lesson learnt but the bank did not process the transaction as it should have though all the relevant details were provided. All it did was use the account number to push the transaction through. In these times of multicrore scams these lapses in processes also need to be highlighted. Really appreciate any input provided to resolve this problem. I wasnt sure if it made sense to provide more details about the bank from a legal perspective hence have refrained from naming the bank. Also if this is not the right forum/subreddit please help move to the correct one. Thanks. 10000 Punjab National Bank clients hit by breach of credit card data. Reliance Jio ranks 17th in Fast Companys 50 Most Innovative Companies list. Top 10 best Metal Scrap Merchants in Pune India Click. Private Hospitals Including Fortis Making Profits up to 1737 Drug Price Regulators New Study. Online shopping is the norm today it offers lots of convenience and it has actually managed to eliminate geographical barriers that could come between buyers and sellers. Builders In Kottayam. Rotomac bank fraud Banks showed gross misconduct negligence says Allahabad DRT. PNB fraud CBI arrests general manager Rajesh Jindal The Hindu. PF deposit interest rate cut to 8.55 for 201718 from 8.65 for 201617 5 cr members to be hit. Bids of ArcelorMittal Nu Metal for Essar Steel may hit eligibility hurdle. GMAT Official Guide 2018 and Magoosh: [removed].  . Balaji Telefilms. Motherson Sumi Systems. Aditya Birla Capital. What are some of the ways I can generate passive income [AskIndia]: I need a passive income of approx 10k a month to basically take care of fixed monthly expenses. How much capital is required and what some of the ways Renting is out question as I dont have enough to buy real estate. . Looking for a cryptocurrency news editor in Noida: Hey My friend has a successful cryptocurrency news blog with our office in Noida and were looking for an editor to join our team. This is a new space so we primarily need good quality work done by someone dedicated and interested about cryptocurrencies. Past experience working in a highpaced news environment 15 articles per day is a plus. Competitive salary and a modern working environment is guaranteed. PM me or email me at mail [at] namanyayg.com with experience. Were also looking for cryptocurrency writers and graphic designers primarily as interns to join our office in Noida. If youre interested feel free to shoot me an email too.. Pain ahead for Bharti Airtel Idea Cellular as Reliance Jio readies massive Jiophone rollout. Eros International jumps 6 after RIL buys 5 stake in Eros International Plc. Rotomac owners wilful loan default pegged at 3695 crore. Nirav Modi case Bank officials may have made close to Rs 823 crore in PNB fraud. Facebooks Sandeep Bhushan Need to bridge gap between digital time spent and ad spends. PNB fraud IT notice to Singhvis wife for cash payment to Nirav Modi Times of India. UPI How the Panga lost track in ending the monopoly of global giants. People living in chawls dingy room are directors in Nakshatra Gili India. Lord Rama picked up a stone and threw it in the ocean amp it sank without a trace. India Incs Recent Scams Turn InLaws into Outlaws. PNB fraud case Vipul Ambani CFO of Nirav Modis firm and 4 others arrested. A systematic diagnostic of India by The World Bank Industry Insights. India To Hit 650 Million Internet Users By 2020 Says Googles Rajan Anandan. Private hospitals making profits of up to 1737 on drugs consumables and diagnostics Study. Rotomac Pens fraud How Vikram Kothari conned 7 banks FIR details revealed. Market Live Sensex erases gains as rupee extends losses down 1 to 64.85/. Whats your best advice for saving money to achieve small/shortterm goals: Not looking at mutual funds and longterm investment options. More specifically how do I plan for shortterm goals like buying gadgets going on vacation clearing debts etc.. Billionaire jeweller Nirav Modi denies involvement in PNB fraud lawyer. Maharashtra government inks Rs 35000crore pact with a pilot to build aircraft. Nirav Modis letter PNB has closed all its options of recovering dues by going public Times of India. What WhatsApps payments push means for Paytm. Rotomac scam How a Rs 3700 crore con was penned. Rotomac scam How a Rs 3700 crore con was penned Times of India : [deleted]. PNB Rs 11360cr scam CBI and ED ask Nirav Modis associates and bank Where is the money Firstpost. WalmartFlipkart WalmartFlipkart link may include a retail chain in India. Watchout Amazon India is a greedy ripoff like no other.: The globalstore is a total ripoff with huge margins over international prices and they manipulate Google Search by artificially listing the part at low prices so it indexes better. then hiking prices sky high. Here are two examples the MSI B350M GAMING PRO is a 57 part that lists on Google for 4374.33 except when you click on it on Amazon it lists for INR 7632 A whopping 90 profit. Same thing happens with the ASRock AB350M Amazon being a global retail giant can ship really cheap and PCPartpicker shows you historical prices so you can compare over time. Im uploading some screen captures as you can see its their global store doing the ripoff http//storage6.static.itmages.com/i/18/0220/h15190970091430786ca2f41b66e.png http//storage7.static.itmages.com/i/18/0220/h151909706322926658db14d4555.png http//storage8.static.itmages.com/i/18/0220/h151909709599686118d6ed6667a.png http//storage9.static.itmages.com/i/18/0220/h151909716782739989d608708f4.png. CBI ED initiate actions against Rotomac Directors. Maharashtra signs Rs 35Kcr deal with rooftop aircraft maker Amol Yadav. Richard Branson plans Virgin Hyperloop for India. Using Credit Card To Add Money To Paytm Silent Policy Change Locks Up Customers Money. CBI files case in bank of Baroda loan scam case. Aditya Birla Capital Share Price Live NSE/BSE Aditya Birla Capital Stock Price Share Price Aditya Birla Capital Results Returns Charts News amp More. Motherson Sumi Systems Share Price Live NSE/BSE Motherson Sumi Systems Stock Price Share Price Motherson Sumi Systems Results Returns Charts News amp More. Indias Biggest Online Media Hub DelhiNCR. After shutting few network sites in Hyderabad Aircel now set to file for bankruptcy. Business Sense. Capt. Gopinaths Deccan Airways has resumed domestic passenger service will mainly serve tier 2 cities.. Cartoon Loan Defaults Then and Now. GST rules set to be simplified further Livemint. Centre has pumped Rs 2.6 lakh crore into govtrun banks over 11 years Times of India. Were hot in pursuit of Paytm PhonePes Nigam. Amid reports of fleeing after loan default Rotamac owner says very much here. Nirav Modis Team Given Unauthorised Access to PNB Systems CBI Sources. PSA officially launches new port terminal in India. Accused exPNB deputy manager Gokulnath Shetty took only one promotion ever in his 37 years of sevice. PNB Fraud UCO Bank Says Has About Rs 2636 Crore Exposure. Another PNBLike Scam Rotomac Pens Owner Flees After Taking Rs 800 Crore from Govtrun Banks. ata Steel pips JSW Steel in race for Bhushan Steel with Rs 35000 cr bid. Walmart May Buy More Than 40 Stake In Ecommerce Giant Flipkart: [deleted]. City Union Bank says hit by fraudulent remittances via SWIFT system. Paytm alleges Whatsapp pay is given preferntial treatment as it does not follow basic UPI rules. PNB scam Gokulnath Shetty issued LoUs at frenetic pace before retirement Inside story Times of India. Every 4 hours 1 bank staffer held for fraud Times of India. Packers And Movers in Chandigarh: [removed]. After PNB City Union Bank hit by fraud. Inside Nirav Modis Potemkin World. Could PayTM go bankrupt: [removed]. Cut toxic content or we will take out ads Hindustan Unilever to Facebook Google. Know Each and Everything about the 1.8 billion or Rs11000 Crore PNBNirav Modi fraud. Aamir Khans Secret Superstar crosses Rs 750 crore mark in China. So the large NPA defaulters like Essar Ruias are ending up bidding on the same assets they have defaulted on: If this ends up going through it is some large scale thievery happening right before our eyes. They are doing it under various pretenses to fit in the IBC criterias but looks fishy as hell. details here https//www.bloombergquint.com/business/2018/02/16/ibcwhatittakestobecomeasuitablebidder. Flowchart for determining Place of Effective Management Section 6 of Incometax Act 1961. PSA Dont use your Credit Card for adding money to PayTM: The amount goes into your gift voucher balance which cannot be sent to anyone. Proof 1 https//twitter.com/Paytmcare/status/964397617684738048 Proof 2 https//twitter.com/Paytmcare/status/964397775684173824 Or best dont use PayTM at all Fuck PayTM. RBI denies asking PNB to meet LoU commitments to other banks. [Nirav Modis fraud]. NSE keen to buy 25 stake in Dhaka stock exchange to rival China. Journey Of New Investor In India. Kia Motors to manufacture cars in Andhra Pradesh with nearly full localisation. Paytm founder slams WhatsApp UPI payment feature calls Facebook worlds most evil tech company. India cloud mining. PayTM founders funny message to Mark Zuckerberg on WhatsApp Payments launch. Vijay Shekhar Sharma calls Facebook the most evil company.. Walmart in talks to buy more than 40 of Flipkart sources: [deleted]. Walmart said be in talks to acquire more than 40 of Flipkart: [deleted]. 2018 set to witness highest supply of malls in 6 years says study Mall supply in the next three years 20182020 is expected to be at 19.4 million square feet. In the same period demand will be approximately 15 million sq ft.. Ok: [deleted]. News18 on Twitter BREAKING According to sources in CBI Nirav Modi had already made plans to flee the country with his family a year ago. However he had to postpone his plan due to demonetisation. BigBankScam. NYT ExclusiveUnpublished Data Shows Indias Fraud Problems Extend Far Beyond PNB. PNB Scam for dummies A very good explanation of the scam and how it unfolded: This is a really good explanation free from all political leanings and everything.. explains how modi defrauded and broke PNBs banking checks. Posting it here because many people in other threads were not very clear about it. Very good read. https//capitalmind.in/2018/02/pnbscamniravmodi/ Edit Looks like author didnt predict this much traffic. Post is also available on medium https//medium.com/deepakshenoy/howthe11400crimportponziscamatpnbunfoldeda7bbcebdce79. BSE Extended The Deadline For Mutual Funds Investors To Link Their Adhaar Card. This board was stuck outside a SBI atm . Wrong Turn Ola CXO being investigated for fraud running into millions of dollars. Bangalore Crypto currency Meetup A small event to understand and get started with cryptocurrency.. Exclusive Walmart in talks to buy more than 40 percent of Indias Flipkart sources. PNB fraud UPA govt couldve avoided Nirav Modi scam in 2013 says exAllahabad Bank director who blew whistle against loan Firstpost. Facebook most evil firm in world says Paytm chief Vijay Shekhar Sharma. Im trying to REUSE brown bags and my sons teacher calls me Stingy lifeLessons. Foxconns promised 5 bn investment in Maharashtra may not happen. As Vijay Shekhar Sharma cries foul heres what other Indian payment leaders have to say on WhatsApp Payments. Indian PMs Office alerted to alleged bank scam in 2016: [deleted]. PNBs Confidential Letter To 30 Banks Reveals How Funds Were Swindled. MVP commercially available ondemand delivery platform is it sustainable: [removed]. PNB Hit By Massive Fraud Warned Banks About How The Scam Worked. Why India Weathered The Recent Global SellOff. I received this is in my Amazon orderwhat do i do. Who is Nirav Modi and how did he pull off Rs 11360crore bank fraud. WhatsApp has triggered a Twitter war between Indias epayment giants: [deleted]. Paytm boss Vijay Shekhar Sharma accuses WhatsApp of unfair play wants govt to step in. MD amp CEO of Punjab National Bank Sunil Mehta says scam in bank was first detected in 2011 and they had reported it to concerned agencies. Bank is taking efforts to protect the financial interest. PNBScam. ELI5 How Nirav Modi scammed PNB of more than 1B. Eyed Blue Mens Formal Shirt at Low Price in India. Mahindra Lifespaces launches flats in Palghar Mumbai for Rs 8 lakh. Paytms Vijay Shekhar Sharma kicks up a storm over WhatsApp pay. How One Punjab National Bank Employee Siphoned Off Rs 11360 Crore from a Mumbai Branch: Modus Operandi The letter by PNB said it was found through the SWIFT trail that one unauthorised juniorlevel official fraudulently issued Letters of Undertaking LoUs on behalf of some companies belonging to Nirav Modi Group. Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT the global financial messaging service used to transfer millions of dollars internationally was primarily used to bypass the core banking system CBS which processes daily banking transactions. It was a ploy to avoid immediate detection as the SWIFT messages used to raise overseas credit were not readily available in PNBs FINACLE software system. An LoU is an assurance given by a bank to another as a security to meet liabilities on behalf of a customer. LoUs used in international banking transactions are similar to a letter of credit or a guarantee. Similar tactics was used by the same official for companies belonging to Gitanjali Gems promoted by Mehul Choksi. How was the fraud unveiled PNB in its letter revealed that the fraudulent act was found out when subsequent to superannuation of the official the same companies again approached the branch for availing Letter of Undertakings LoUs. Who is Nirav Modi Nirav Modi is a jewellery designer by profession and the founder of 2.3 billion Firestar Diamond. Born into a family of diamond merchants Modi made it to the Forbes list of billionaires in 2013 ranked 86 out of 100 Indian billionaires Modi happens to be the nephew of Gitanjali Gems owner Mehul Choksi who was booked along with him in the first PNB fraud case. According to latest development the Enforcement Directorate ED has registered a money laundering case in connection with the Rs 280crore cheating. The agency filed the case under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act PMLA after going through a CBI FIR filed early this month. How will this affect other banks Experts are of the opinion that the fraudulent transactions at PNB shall adversely affect the books of other lenders as well. Other banks might also be under the scanner for similar fraudulent practices. The impact of the PNB fraud will spill over to counter parties lenders hit their asset qualities and increase provisions for bad loans. Most bankers said the entire liability would fall on PNB since the letters of understanding LoUs availed by Nirav Modis companies were issued on behalf of the banks Mumbai branch. Some banks however have direct exposure to Nirav Modis companies though they have been standard assets so far. According to a PTI report the CBI has now started investigating a number of jewellery companies which could be a cause for concern for banks. gt Four big jewellers Gitanjali Ginni Nakshatra and Nirav Modi are under scanner. The CBI and the Enforcement Directorate are looking at their arrangements with various banks and the end use of money said PTI quoting a senior official of a public sector. How bad will the PNB suffer According to PNBs complaint to CBI the LoUs were issued for the Hong Kong branches of Allahabad Bank and Axis Bank. As a result PNB will have to settle the LoUs with these branches. While the exact share of PNBs liability is unknown markets have already been impacted. The PNB stock fell 9.81 on Wednesday to close at Rs 145.80 per share and investors lost over Rs 3000 crore in a single day. In case the bank is unable to trace back the money from the accused firms it may have to set aside higher provisioning in the next few quarters. . Choosing between two high paying Cloud Platforms as a career like Superheroes. PNB Fraud More Indian banks entangled in PNB fraud. US citizens requested to stop using Huawei phones. PNB faces claims of Rs 11300cr in Nirav Modi case lenders to recall loans to Geetanjali Gems Nirav Modi. CBI gets complaints against Nirav Modi from Punjab National Bank. Indian bank PNB says detects 1.77 billion worth of fraudulent transactions. Coffee maker entrepreneur in mumbai shares his experience in how hard it is to getting a business running in mumbai or India. Post q3 loss sbi dips 4 analysts hopeful of NPA recovery 35 returns expected Wordrays. Investing based on SMS tips can be costly. Kotak Mahindra and Citi Ban Bitcoin Credit/Debit Card Buying. [NP] Punjab National Bank Reports 1.8 Billion Fraud At A Mumbai Branch. Punjab national bank reports 1.8 billion fraud at a Mumbai branch. Mumbai becomes the 12th richest city in the world with 950 billion dollar wealth Wordrays. Question about GST being charged by food delivery apps like Swiggy: Today i ordered something via Swiggy and Swiggy showed GST on their invoice as they usually do. However when I saw the restaurants bill I noticed they had already charged GST. Swiggy charged me GST over the amount shown in the bill which already included GST. Is the legal I feel like it must be wrong because it should only be charged once right Edit [Link to the restaurant bill and swiggy screenshot]https//imgur.com/a/VlKX7 . Two die at Yum Lok restaurant in city. Whats in a name you say: [deleted]. Whats in a name you say Two die at Restaurant : [deleted]. Amazon India looks to expand private label business. Indias Bitcoin fans might have to link their Aadhaar IDs with their wallets. To ward off their evil eye Andhra farmer puts up Sunny Leone poster to keep crop safe. Govt proposes permitting premature closure of PPF account. From Thursday Google Chrome to turn off all ads on intrusive websites. Mobile companies are the new FMCG companies.. Why so sick. Citibank stops usage of its credit and debit cards for crypto transactions. Received this email today.. A Central User Database For Indian Cryptocurrency Exchanges May Be Underway. Seeking For Huge Returns Know The Top Penny Stocks For 2018 India. Apparently even Indian banks have started banning use of credit cards to purchase crypto.. Hasan a 75yearold man defines the true meaning of being Indian on Mahashivratri. Starting a nonprofit as a minor: I am less than 18 years old and wanted to start a charity organization to help a certain group of people in India. I have looked into some of the laws regarding nonprofits in general in India and it appears that people under 18 are not allowed to start their own companies. Other than just being a volunteer for an organization established by someone older say my parents what is a legal way for me to start a new social service project in India I need to have a bank account associated with the project because I am expecting donations from people interested in it. Legally if this was not part of a nonprofit the donors wouldnt get a tax writeoff and I would have to declare it somewhere in taxes which is pretty much impossible in my situation.. Modis UAE Visit In A First India Buys 10 Per Cent Stake In Abu Dhabi Oil Fields. Mumbai 12th richest city in the world but Amitabh Kant flags a big challenge. CCI approves Reliance Infras Rs 188bn deal with Adani Transmission. As Whatsapp introduced Whatsapp payment in its beta version for the Indian audience. Will it be a threat to PayTM: [removed]. India wins piece of Abu Dhabi oil with stake in 6 billion field. 2018 will be a rollercoaster ride its time to say DowWow to Sensex.. New stock market app: [removed]. New Stock Market Game: [removed]. TIL Lakme was started in 1952 by Tata Oil Mills because the Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru was concerned that Indian women were spending precious foreign exchange on beauty products and personally requested JRD Tata to manufacture them in India. It derives its name from Lakshmi.. Transfering money from india to oversea: Hi everybody I m working for one year in india. By the end of the year i would have to return to my home country. However i would like to take that money with me. The problem is you can only exchange ruppe to another currency if you have a valid passport to a foeign countrythis is what the forex teller told us. Problem is the currency of my country isnt exchanged in india. What can i do. Indias news network WION spreads wings The channel is now available in the Middle East and Africa. Payment banks A reality check. Foreign banks more transparent than Indian peers. SBI wrote off bad loans worth over Rs 20000 crore last fiscal. SBI Wrote Off Rs 200 Billion Worth of Bad Loans in FY17. Plants that can fight diabetesmemory loss lung or liver problems stress or obesity ready to export out of India.: [removed]. Ajay Tyagi the Chairman of Securities and Exchange of Board of India told the rules on cryptocurrencies and the role of regulators on the same should be out soon.. 100 Real i just withdrawed: [removed]. Questions about Portfolio Management Services PMS: First of all I dont have any deep knowledge about portfolio management services. Other than I gathered from Internet. Still confused about some things. 1 Is per annum charge management charge negotiable It looks like Per annum charges are generally 1.52.5. I am more interested in [Reliance Emerging India portfolio]http//reliancepms.com/Home/emergingindia. Reliance guy is mentioning 2.5 annum charge. I just want to know if I can negotiate it down to 1.5 per annum or not. 2 What things should I check before investing in PMS Any other suggestions. Over 34 fake Jio Coin apps found in the Play Store. Bad loans hurt staterun banks push SBI to surprise thirdquarter loss. Authenticity Level Over 9000. Check out those Pretentious Answers.: [deleted]. Has anyone else noticed this glitch in HDFC net banking or is it just me: Specifically the security questions they ask you... You could put in just about anything and it will still authorize the transaction.. How To Buy Sell and Trade Cryptocurrencies newbies. Bank recapitalisation will boost lending Arun Jaitley. Has anyone else noticed this glitch in HDFC net banking Or is it just me: [removed]. Best Digital Marketing Institute in Mumbai.: [deleted]. Is Flipkart Worth 20 Billion Walmart Weighs Price of India Bet. BSE NSE to stop trading of their indices on foreign bourses. India was one of the wealthiest in history. Does HDFC allow instant savings account opening and debit cards: Long story short... I saw an offer about the iPad 2017 being sold at 10k discount 251015k. I badly need a tab after my old mi pad is dead and though I prefer Android as an OS all cheap android tabs are shit. What I basically want to do is go to a big HDFC bank branch tomorrow open an account deposit Rs 25k its cashback not discount get a debit card and buy the damn thing. Last date is 14 Feb. Is it possible P.S. If any of you good people in Kolkata want to help me out with your credit/debit card Im going to throw a treat in any restaurant of your choice here I dont know if this part is allowed in r/india let me know Ill edit if its not.. SBI Posts Surprise Loss As Provisions Surge Treasury Income Falls.  Industry Allahabad Bank share sale staff allege coercion. Google antitrust India comes down on flight searches results Quartz. Locallymade Bira is proving 91 can have millennials and connoisseurs hooked. Venture Capitalist Mahesh Murthy arrested by Mumbai police in molestation case filed by Delhibased woman. IT Department sends one lakh notices to cryptocurrency investors. BSNL Soft Launches 4G Services in Kerala Broader Rollout to Follow. Stocks/Mutual Funds on Sale: [deleted]. The party is over. Indias tech firms must reinvent or perish. Singh brothers are said to have taken 78 million out of Fortis. Brace for a Fall again Dow Jones plunges 1000 points as inflation fears spook investors.: [deleted]. RBIs neutral stance shows it is less hawkish JP Morgan. Beware RBI cautions bank customers against fake website seeking confidential account info [NP]. IT Department sends one lakh notices to cryptocurrency investors. Google fined 136 crore by Competition Commission for infringing antitrust conduct. Cryptocurrency Meetups and Group Formation: Hi CryptoFanatics. Lately a lot of users globally interested in cryptocurrency and its underlying technology are hosting a lot of meetups and forming cryptocurrency circles amongst locals with similar interests. This fosters a good knowledge base amongst the members and eventually help them in progressing in this field. Are there any city specific cryptocurrency groups/meetups If No itd be great to have one for each city . Bogus Pune call centre dupes 11000 Americans 3 held. Vodafone wants to charge me 50p for 3 mins to speak to a customer rep. Never experienced payed customer service before. This is a new low.. CCI issues order against Google for search bias imposes Rs 135.86 crore penalty.. Cleveland CycleWerks AutoExpo2018 Cleveland CycleWerks unveils two classic design bikes Auto News ET Auto. Air Indias operating profit more than doubles to Rs 2.9 bn in FY17. Bosch to hire 10000 engineers in India to work on AI other future tech. The Platinum Touch of Nikhil Merchant. Up to 45 times return This Kolkata IT guy knows multibaggers better than coding: [deleted]. The Magic Behind The Profits of Reliance Jio Is Jio Profitable or is it just accounting magic. No layoffs but top outsourcers see staff strength shrink for first time in 20 years. Legal advise about property: My grandpa built a home and my grandpa dad and mom have been living upstairs while my grandpas younger brother and his family have been living downstairs. The home is jointly owned by both my grandpa and his younger brother. So if the home were to be demolished now who would own the common land on which the home is built upon My grandpas younger brother and his kids my aunts say that they own the land if the house were to be demolished and they also claim the property leading to the entrance of the home and the surrounding free areas too. TLDR who owns the land on which a home is built on if the home is under the joint property of 2 grandpas. Thanks.. Will we ever solve this issue: [removed]. Patents filings prove Indian startups are no longer copycats. Chinas LONGi to invest 309 million in Andhra Pradesh solar manufacturing facility. Budget 2018 Is Bitcoin Now Illegal In India. TV makers may review plans to Make in India. Top banks including SBI Axis ICICI suspend some a/cs of major Bitcoin exchanges in India Report. The exchanges which are facing the action are the top ten such platforms in the country and include Zebpay Unocoin CoinSecure and BtcxIndia. Bitcoin Crash. What is the Reason for crashFind out: [deleted]. US stocks extend losses Dow Jones plunges 530 points at open. Ab tera kya hoga Sensex: [deleted]. VIT University A video to cringe and A place to hate.. Lorenzini Apparels IPO Review Should You Invest. India to set up cryptocurrency regulation panel. Equity Share Transfers made before 31st March wont be Taxed Govt releases FAQs on Taxation of LongTerm Capital Gains proposed in Finance Bill 2018. EAssessment of Tax Payer to be dealt by Two Officers says CBDT Chief. Rectification of Errors one sided CA Foundation Accounting. Fabindia Sued For Rs 525 Crore For Illegally Selling With Khadi Tag. Healthcare startup Healthi Bangalore raises 3.1M funding led by Montane Ventures Piramal. 7th Pay Commission Good news regarding salary hike of 50 lakh employees may come in April. Sensex Nifty deep in red Investors lose around Rs 4.95 lakh crore amid selloff in opening trade. Bloodbath Continues On Stock Market Sensex Falls 1200 Points 11 Points You Need To Know: gt The Sensex and Nifty suffered a bloodbath today tracking a selloff in global equity markets. Overnight the Wall Street suffered its biggest intraday decline in history. The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended with a loss of about 1200 points nearly 4.6 percent. Shares in other Asian markets were also under strong selling pressure with Japans Nikkei down about 5 percent. The Sensex fell as much over 1200 points to 33482 while Nifty tumbled below 10300. The rupee also fell to 64.38 against US dollar as compared to Mondays close of 64.06. The trigger for the latest global selloff is Fridays job data in US which showed American wages increasing at the fastest pace since 2009. This has raised alarm about higher inflation and with it potentially higher interest rates. In anticipation of the fasterthanexpected rate hike from the Federal Reserve the US central bank bond yields have spiked in the US undermining the attraction of equities. Higher bond yields are also seen as negative for emerging markets and commodity prices. Though Finance minister Mr. Arun Jaitley Killed Bitcoin amp Cryptocurrency but showed their interest in Blockchain technology people still likely to [understand all in amp Out of Cryptocurrency]https//www.eduonix.com/completesteemitcourseearncryptocurrencyforfreecouponcodeedu15 as well as interested to purchase it The US central bank had last month kept interest rate unchanged but said inflation would likely rise this year raising the possibility fasterthanexpected rate hikes. On the other hand [global oil prices have dropped]http//www.bbc.com/news/av/business30691883/whyareglobaloilpricesfalling amid recent dollar strength with international benchmark Brent futures hitting a onemonth low of 66.90 per barrel earlier this week. A fall in global oil prices is seen as positive for India as the country imports bulk of its requirement. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday attributed the downslide in the local bourses to selloff in global markets. It is not due to the Budget or the LTCG longterm capital gains tax he said. Apart from the global selloff the domestic sentiment has been hit by the Budget announcement of 10 percent tax on longterm capital gains accrued from equity investments say analysts. The Sensex fell over 800 points on Friday and over 300 points on Monday. The Street would also be closely watching [Reserve Bank of Indias RBI policy stance]https//www.ndtv.com/business/rbiseentakingtoughstanceoninflationinmonetarypolicyreview1808713 tomorrow. It is expected that RBI could turn more hawkish on inflation after inflation hit a 17month high in December well above its 4 percent target. gt We expect the RBI to remain on a pause in this policy. However the tone will likely be more hawkish with the probability of rate hikes in FY2019 increasing said Suvodeep Rakshit senior economist at Kotak Institutional Equities. gtshould stay light and avoid making any kind of bottom fishing till the definite signals emerge. Ameet Chavan of Angel Broking said investors The selloff in Indian markets was broadbased with all the stocks in the Nifty50 index trading in the red. Among the big losers Tata Motors slumped over 7 percent while Axis Bank and Indiabulls Housing Finance plunged nearly 5 percent each. . Indias 2018 gold demand forecast as high as 800 tonnes below 10year average WGC. How misadventures of Bank of Baroda dragged it into South Africas political crisis. So the bloodbath continues... TRP of English and Hindi news channels in India. Xander buys office asset in Bengaluru for Rs350 crore. All about Digital Marketing: [removed]. Do you want to know daily petrol and diesel price movements in India: [removed]. SBI Minimum Balance Rules Penalty For Insufficient Balance And Other Details. Xiaomi Launches WhatsAppBased Service for Mi Fans in India. Indias Young Student Taking Advantage Of Prime Minister Pakoda Scheme. Temporary Workers Entitled To Be Paid Wages At Par With Permanent Employees Supreme Court 2016. PHP Training in Indore Best PHP Training Institute Indore ExpertX. For faster green cards Indian techies ready to pay for Mexican wall. How soon before I can refinance and apply for a personal loan: Redditors of India I had applied for a personal loan through HDFC bank in Dec 17 for a sum of 100000 for some family emergency and now I am in need of 50000 which I am planning to refinance again. Is it too soon to reapply for the loan I am aware HDFC has the option to apply for a jumbo loan via credit card but I dont want to block out the credit card for this purpose.. Here are the legalities of crypto in India. India to be manufacturing hub for Middle East and Africa Panasonic. I need a Digibank referral code: [removed]. Make In India I made a list of Indias 60 most diversified and popular conglomerate companies and business houses. Amazons international loss doubles on high India spend. PAN Card Budget 2018 PAN mandatory for entities in transaction over Rs 2.5 lakh. Indias Finance Minister Confirms Crypto Not Recognized as Legal Tender Media Panics. Worlds First Antique Classified Website: [removed]. HODL crypto investors India . GST Commissioner and 8 others arrested by the CBI in bribery case: [deleted]. Reliance to invest Rs 2500 crore in Assam create 80000 jobs Mukesh Ambani. Chinas Alibaba leads 300 million funding in Indian online grocer BigBasket. IT will tax bitcoin trade has issued few lakh notices CBDT. Yesterday a big mess has happened at national level but surprisingly very few to no coverage has done on it.: Im always a supporter to BJP since the day i got eligible to vote. Our prime minister has done good job for the last few years. Some of his steps are appreciable like discouraging imports and encouraging manufacturing sector. But somehow my perspective has started to change. Yesterday a big financial mess has happened at the national level but nobody seems to bother about it. Im a businessman and due to GST eway site servers were crashed due to overload not even a single consignment left the industrial area where my manufacturing unit is. E way bill is required for consignment amount above INR 50K and for a manufacturing firm almost every consignment is above the 50k limit. So as far as i know almost no goods movement takes place in many of the manufacturing units i know. Now look at the perspective of national level how much business has suffered and how much govt. Has suffered from revenue loss. It would be humongous. Surprisingly media has not given proper coverage to it. Had it been happened in some western country everybody would had made national issue from it. Do think about it.. Chinas Alibaba leads 300 million funding in Indian online grocer BigBasket. The government wants to kill bitcoin in India. Heres all you need to know about this cryptocurrency and why the world is betting big on it Scroll.in. Crypto currency illegal in India ICOs getting hacked tips to protect yourself . Facebook Pages gets support for Polls Notes and other new features. CocaCola India to launch Thums Up globally. Govt. expects winning bidder for Air India by end June Jayant Sinha. Qbo Ceramics As A Manufacturer And Exporter Sales Ratio 2012 To 2017. India is now the biggest market for Facebook and Whatsapp with more than 250 million active users on both platforms.: Even being the Biggest market. India provides 4 of the Facebooks total revenue. But India is also the fastest growing market in terms of revenue too.. India bonds recover sharply on report RBI to consider debt purchases. Chinas Alibaba invests 146 million in Indian online grocer BigBasket. LTCG tax impact A day after budget Sensex slips 500 points Nifty below 11000. Flipkart delivers soap instead of iPhone8 booked for cheating. Indian company Unocoin launches multicurrency cryptoexchange. LTCG will hurt FII behaviour will make India underperform other EMs says Samir Arora. Infosys Team in 1980s. Budget 2018 gives Rs 40000 standard deduction removes other allowances Salaried may be left poorer: [deleted]. Union Budget 2018 Highlights Key takeaways from Arun Jaitleys fifth Budget. Reliance Jio denies involvement in socalled JioCoin. Budget that the salaried middle class deserves..: Modi knows that the middle class is his most blind supporter. And no matter how badly Modi treats them they will continue to vote for BJP. The salaried middle class is being taken for granted by this government and when you talk to the average salaried employee you will come to know that the government is not doing any mistake. I discussed the budget with many of my colleagues and it felt all over again like the demonetization days. Even though everyone agreed that they have been fucked hard. They still were still not ready to vote for anyone else as congress is corrupt hence there is no other option other than BJP. The gov knows that they cant make poor or rich unhappy as this will either deplete the votes or finances. But the middle class is happily ready to take that bamboo up their asses with a smile chanting har har Modi. The middle classes deserves what they got today.. Ewaybill system for GST is a clusterfuck.: 1. Transports refusing parcels even when their value is under Rs. 50000 2. Hundreds of suppliers means thousands of waybills. What a royal PITA for SMEs with a high turnover and low margins. 3. Im trying to register my businesses with the stupid portal and failing. Its slow to load shows errors like The GST Common Portal is not responding. Im still reeling from the impact of GST and getting by somehow. Why the fuck is this government shoving this stupid system that were grossly inequipped for down our throats Were not corporations with hundreds of educated folks making several lakhs per year. Were employing the dregs of society who these people wouldnt even touch.. Budget 2018 Equity Long Term Capital Gains LTCG Back with Grandfathering Provision. Join Whitelist for Viola Asias upcoming biggest dating app ICO. India Bitcoin Prices Drop As Media Misinterprets Govts Regulation Speech. No Arun Jaitley did not say Bitcoin will be banned Coin Crunch. List Of Items That Will Become Costlier And Cheaper Now Because of Customs Duty. Idea partners Karbonn to offer cashbacks on smartphones feature phones. In India the situation worsens for followers of Cryptocurrency. Modi Brings Back LongTerm Tax on Stock Gain to Lift Revenue. Cryptocurrencies not legal will eliminate their use says Arun Jaitley. BTC touches 4000 USD 260000 INR in Indian Exchange Zebpay [1st Feb 2018]. Arun Jaitley settles the Bitcoin issue for once and for all. First Product on Flipkart to Cross 1 million reviews. Union Budget India 2018 Live Updates FM Arun Jaitley introduces the largest healthcare program. Budget 2018 Live Govt proposes 12 contribution to EPF. Union Budget India Highlights 2018 Big sops announced for agriculture farm credit increased to Rs 11 lakh crore. Budget 2018 Lest you forget How FM Arun Jaitleys last Budget looked like. When its budget in India. What are you bets. Union Budget 2018 Taxpayers can expect prepoll party say experts. Hyundai To Pump In 1 Billion In India By 2020 NDTV CarAndBike. Income Tax dept slaps Rs 436.80 cr penalty on NDTV Moneycontrol.com. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to present Union Budget 201819 in Parliament today. Reliance Jio Press Release Warns Users Against Fake JioCoin Cryptocurrency Apps. Made in China 2025 and Make In India By Lt Gen S L Narasimhan Retd. India the elephant in the shadow of the dragon. Indian Oil Q3 Profit Nearly Doubles Beats Estimates. IPO Watch SME IPO Closing this week Should you Invest. Daiichi Wins Plea To Enforce Rs 3500Crore Arbitral Award Against Singh Brothers. Delhi High Court upholds Daiichis Rs 3500crore arbitral award against Singh brothers. Best Altcoins to Buy for 2018. Adult diapers in India Emerging business to meet a growing demand Elder care. Ola expanding its operations to Australia. Sydney Melbourne and Perth to be the first three cities to get Ola Cabs... Walmart in talks to buy a significant minority stake in Flipkart. Facebook to Ban CryptocurrencyRelated Ads. Best company for making money online. Coal India Lowers the Power Generation Cost in the Challenges. [Cryptocurrencies] How long will KYC verification takes at koinex.com : Its almost a month my KYC is still not verified I tried to contact their costumer support still no response. I am trying to make some money but nothing happens Guys do you have any other trusted alternative platforms please suggest me.. India on the rise and catching up with China. Paytms office boy makes 20 lakh after selling his stock. [NP] should GST be separated and additional from MRP. Mukesh Ambanis army of expats at Jio. Ola expands overseas set to launch in Australia in 2018: [deleted]. Corporate tax cuts may have to wait as PM Modi faces budget squeeze. Why Reliance Jios Rs 49 plan could push Airtel and Vodafone out of the market. Coal India May Miss Annual Output Goal for FY 18. The myth of the myth of jobless growth. WEF 2018 Raghuram Rajan On MPC Demonetisation And Inflation Bloomberg. India GDP growth forecast at 7 in 201819 7.6 in 201920. Paytm confirms valuation has reached about 10bn 200 employees become millionaires. Buy Double Ikat Patola Sarees Online from www.shatika.co.in: [removed]. Investors in a bind as banks pull the plug on bitcoin accounts Some banks are not allowing deposits of money earned from trading on bitcoin exchange platforms. Racing against Flipkart Amazon pumps record capital into India. Why the heck are the ATMs spitting the illiquid 2000 notes these days: Why dont they understand that for the average plebian like me getting a change of 2000 rupee note is a PITA How are we supposed to spend those when every grocery store to bus conductor to auto wala to bhel wala refuses to accept that citing bhai saab change nahi hai Yeah you can always argue that I can spend it at a restaurant or an overexpensive mall but how many times do you expect me to visit there in a month How do you tackle this issue yourself. Religare Billionaire Singh brothers accused in lawsuit of siphoning money. Income Tax Officer Detects Evasion Worth Rs 962 Crore Gets Presidents Award. Indias first floating market opens in Kolkata Making waves. 7th Pay Commission Govt Employees to get their compensation by this financial year 201718. Income Tax department sleuths bust tax refund scam accountant nabbed. India Second Cheapest Country to Live in Bermuda the Costliest Survey. Silent rise of diesel price.... Cryptocurrencies PSA: Hello randians I dont know why Im putting effort to write a post on cryptocurrency but here it is. I see a lot of people here longing for financial independence and I thought Id write about the path I think is the most viable and futuristic right now. 15 interest rates arent going to change your world. Im not even gonna say that cryptocurrencies are not risky. Theyre risky af. They might go down 50 tomorrow and still have the have disruptive aspects but its speculation which makes money. If you are one of those people who have a steadfast view that crypto is a scam and scheme for moneylaundering and terrorism and has no real value behind it youre free to stop reading. If you have an open mind go ahead. Our ancestors speculated on land and made shit ton of money and noone calls land a bubble because they arent ready to sell at a low price even if it is. And because its a tangible asset. But tell me what tangible assets does facebook or uber or google have The value of an asset is not just determined by what you see physically its also the value of the network which in facebooks case is worth a lot because it provides a platform for effective advertising. Now if I say I make a facebook like network where besides facebooks transfer of information you could also transfer value over the internet without a thirdparty institution that network has a huge worth. Like Bitcoin shows us. And crypto goes up so much so fast because if being a part of one network goes viral a lot of people join it and very few are ready to exit. And they get paid a lot to allow new people to enter by holding the tokens which power these network. https//twitter.com/naval/status/877467629308395521 I love the summary of political/economic/psychological/financial aspects of blockchain from the above tweets. Follow this guy and set notifications for his tweet and youre in for great wisdom everyday. Hes one of the greatest thinkers of our times. So okay there are a lot of strategies to make money in crypto. 1. Existing bigcap currencies Bitcoin Ethereum Ripple Monero Stellar Dash Zcash etc. These arent great speculative investments and wont give you 10x20x but they surely are a good hedgeagainstb risk when you go for the lowcap coins in the rabbit hole. These should comprise probably half the value of your portfolio. 2. Existing smallcap tokens Origin Trail Simple Token Oddysey Trinity TheKey etc These are the ones that have higher speculative value because of low market cap and can go very high if the fundamental analysis team plan execution usecases markets competitors etc. Once youre in the ecosystem youll start hearing about these when theyre at a 100200 million valuation and the good ones typically go to gt500 so 5x return is the average Ive got. 3. ICOs This is where is gets interesting. I keep hearing ICOs are a bubble but let me tell you how many people in the whole world invest in ICOs. 6 months back they were 5000 and now theyre 30000. Still an insanely low number given its such a big bubble. You can use this website to check out the stats for returns from various ICOs on https//icostats.com/. In my 1 year with crypto I didnt see even one ICO giving less than 5x till now. Not that past performance can predict future this is still a great way to make money. The best way to research ICOs is to get in the rabbit hole and spend some time to find the ones with good specs and hype and go into it. And if the FA is good 5x is really easy in a month. Now after hearing all this youd be thinking this looks too insane to be true and I wholeheartedly supported your hypothesis till last year but when I entered the scene and saw how much work was being done and how many great products were being made my views changed. And this is a risky place to put your money in. My only point is dont miss out on a revolution or gold rush whatever you want to call it because governments or people around you say its a bubble without understanding any of it. I have gone into the rabbit hole and researched ICOs and currencies for dayin and dayout and the whole ecosystem is nothing short of a revolution. If you are a student and dont have money to invest invest in a skill. Learn blockchain development. It is the hottest profession on Earth right now. Google/facebook/uber attrition rate went on record high because people kept leaving to be a part of the cryptocurrencies development. If you have some money you can afford to lose and not care about it put it in a few currencies and ICOs. Buy a little more if it goes down and keep lowering the dollar cost average. Forget about this money and it could be like a home your grandad bought in pennies which most of the people cant afford now. The post is cringey and different from how I wanted to structure it but there is so much info that its difficult to put in in one post. Now for the research we in this community ask everyone to DYOR do your own research but Id leave a few links as starters https//www.icodrops.com A place to find upcoming ICOs and details on them. https//twitter.com/naval/lists/crypto A great twitter list by my favorite twitter person. https//np.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/ Take coins mentioned here with a grain of salt because they come here after everyone in the slack/telegram community have already accumulated at lower prices. But its a good source of info. https//www.youtube.com/watchvT2zHThmLs Absolutely love Andreas Antonopoulos. http//lopp.net/bitcoin.html Technical resources for someone who wants to go into the technology. This is a great source of a holistic info. https//www.upfolio.com/100coinsexplained Info on usefulness of these tokens. Pick up the ons you find interesting and start researching. I think Ive given you guys a lot of do and think about over the weekend. Do your research follow the market and observe how it moves. Then enter with a strategy when you feel comfortable. Just dont completely miss out on it. PM me for anymore details and Id probably respond if I feel like. Rules I follow 1. Dont panic sell. Dont sell low and dont try to time the market. HODL. Ive seen gt50 crashes more than 5 times and I just buy the dip each time and make profit. 2. ICOs ICOs ICOs. Theyve just got started and the best way to make money. 3. Dont invest anymore than what you can afford to lose. 4. Please dont buy vaporware coins like Cardano Ripple Tron Verge which have no real usecase and just run on hype. 5. And last but not the least have fun. This is a parallel universe with moon and lambo memes and billions of dollars. Theres so much drama everyday that once you enter you wont be able to live without it. I hope to have sparked the curiosity of a few people here. Dont believe anything I say. Do your research. Sit through the weekend and read about it and I can assure you it will be lifechanging. I have got a lot of people into crypto and it changed everyones life. I even acknowledge it can take a downturn anytime but why not enjoy the ride till it lasts. At least you wouldnt have missed out on a revolution bigger than the internet imho. The whole thing sounds cringey af but Ill post it anyway. Feel free to DM for anything more youd want to know.. Cryptocurrencies PSA. Income Tax department sleuths bust tax refund scam accountant nabbed. Nandini Piramals staunch belief culture ethics and values key to Piramal Groups growth: [deleted]. Jio Introduces New Plans and Offers Affordable And Great. India Tax Department Seizes Undisclosed Bitcoin Assets Worth 47 Million. The Mysterious Math Of Team Modis Rafale Deal. Raghuram Rajans brother is leading a group bidding for Tatas fiber assets. MX Player reportedly being purchased by Indian media company Times Internet for 200 million. Indias top crypto wallet zebpay adds Litecoin LTC for trade on their app. Galaxy Surfactants IPO Review Should you Invest. CA Foundation Economics online class Law of Demand. Reliance Jio offers 28 GB for just Rs 49 intros cheap data topup plans: [deleted]. West Bengals first floating market. Budget 2018 One Budget nine elections 1.3 billion people Indias big year. Best classified site in India with permanent backlink. Amazon India starts hyperlocal grocery deliveries from own stores: [deleted]. Xiaomi replaces Samsung as the top smartphone seller in India. Big Pharma Suppliers Are Dumping Toxic Waste in the Environment Investor Alleges. The Stock Market bubble Bubbles burst Invest carefully. Government to infuse Rs 88139 crore into 20 PSBs before March. Diesel prices shoot up to Rs 61.74 per litre in Delhi petrol now more than Rs 71. Now helicopters to fly under UDAN scheme as Pawan Hands wins contract in round two. Reliance JioCoin SCAM ALERT Fake Jio Coin Registration Websites live. EWay Bill System Starts 01st Feb All You Need to Know. Another RK Laxman cartoon. Offline GST Billing Software for FREE Download. GSTIndia. [Doubt] what is daily ATM withdrawal limit on savings bank account in India now: [removed]. What if Baba Ramdevs Patanjali Was Not an NGO And Paid Corporate Tax. Paytm employees to sell shares worth 50 million. Latest Reliance JIO Republic day offer 2018. Bitcoin Price May Plunge Further If India Bans Cryptocurrency Trading Like South Korea. Starbucks India looking to enter tier II citiest. Multibagger Stocks for 2018 in India. What Idea Cellular took 17 years to achieve Reliance Jio did in 16 months. People whove bought books from Amazon recently: Can you please share the coupon code on the bookmark of your book that gives a 1000 off on Kindle I wanna get one and bringing the price down a notch would be helpful. Thanks. Nifty Hits 11000 Level India Turning Brighter for Investment. By the numbers MobiKwik. IMF says India set to regain status as fastest growing economy in 201819. Oil ministry seeks cut in excise duty on petrol diesel in budget. HDFC Bank and Kotak Mahindra Bank The haloed duo with a long promising road ahead. What Modi Expects From the Union Budget 2018. Which Ad network would pay in paytm or cash: I have a website. I was wondering which ad network could pay in Paytm or cash.. Indian Tax Authority Sends Notice to Crypto Owners Pay Up. All your Electrical needs for your home will available at CostKing wholesale under wholesale price.: [removed]. Axis Bank profit rises as bad loan additions slow shares up. Which Mutual Funds app do you use and why: For a beginner which MF app do you suggest using and why Things Im considering Good Service. More Returns Less commission maybe Wont shut down Some apps look like they might shut down tomorrow Easy onboarding. Probably takes KIN for KYC. Mercedes unveils Indias first locally made BSVI car Times of India. Leave Travel Allowance Rules and exemptions. When do you have to file amp submit form 15G while aiming to draw the entire PF amount tax free: My income for the current year available PF lt taxable income for the year. Ive decided to withdraw my entire PF and Ive been told that with form 15G I can get the entire amount tax free. When do I have to file and submit this form and to whom My prev. employer opened all of their employee PF accounts with a private trust.. Why did SEBI ban Price Waterhouse. Explosion Proof Equipment Market Revenue Will Reach 10 Billion By 2024: As per the report Explosion Equipment Market by Industry Vertical Pharmaceutical Manufacturing Marine MiningFood Processing Signaling Devices Others by Applicable System Type Cable GlandsJunction Boxes amp Enclosures Lifting amp Material Handling Automation System othersby Equipment Type Explosion proof Explosion Prevention Explosion Segregation Industry trends Estimation amp Forecast 2016 2024 the global explosion proof market was valued at 5 billion in 2016 and is projected to reach 10 billion by 2024 growing at a CAGR of 9.2 from 2017 to 2024. In 2016 oil amp gas industry segment generated the highest revenue share in the terms of global explosion proof equipment market. Among major regions North American explosion proof equipment market was the highest revenue generating market valued at 1.6 billion in 2016. Request sample copy of the report https//www.esticastresearch.com/marketreports/explosionequipmentmarket/requestsample The increasing need to improve the safety in industrial areas has accelerated the adoption of explosion proof equipment. A sudden rise in the number of explosions occurred in the extreme environment of manufacturing industries due to the presence of chemicals toxic paints and other combustible dust has prompted them to increasingly focus on explosion prevention. To know more about the report visit at https//www.esticastresearch.com/marketreports/explosionequipmentmarket Oil amp Gas industry generated the highest revenue of 902 million in 2016 and held nearly 18 share of the total explosion proof equipment market Oil amp gas industry generated the highest revenue in 2016 as a result of wide adoption of explosionprotected products in this sector acting as a preventive measure against explosive areas. The adoption of sparkresistant enclosures thermocouples and sensors in hazardous areas of oil amp gas industry can eliminate the release of potential flammable substances. Thus it is expected to dominate other segments growing with the highest CAGR of 10.1 during the forecast period of 20172024. The manufacturing segment follows the oil amp gas segment generating a revenue of 780 million in 2016 owing to the emerging manufacturing firms all over the globe. Explosion Prevention equipment market lead the global explosion proof equipment market in 2016 growing with a CAGR of 9.9 during the forecast period The explosion prevention equipment market generated a revenue of 2.3 billion in 2016 and is expected to lead the market for the entire forecast period. This is a result of high adoption of explosion prevention equipment in hazardous locations and increased safety and better productivity of industries. For instance food processing industries largely use this technology. Sugar dust explosion can generate a pressure in excess of 100 psi within enclosed process equipment in less than 100 milliseconds. Hence industries are now provided with recently updated tools to manage such risk in accordance with government rules and regulations. North America generated the highest revenue in terms of explosion proof equipment market in 2016 Across the globe the market is segmented into North America Europe AsiaPacific and Rest of World. Among the major geographies North America generated the maximum revenue in the global market accounting for more than 31 share in 2016 owing to high adoption and production of ignitionproof automated solutions. The region generated a revenue of 1.6 billion in 2016 and is expected to grow with a CAGR of 8.3 during the forecast period. However Asiapacific explosion proof equipment market is expected to witness a impressive growth having the highest CAGR of 10.4 during the forecast period. The rise of industrialization in Asian countries especially in India and China are supposed to drive the market for explosionproof equipment. The mining industry is rapidly growing in India with a proindustry government. Oilrich regions like the South China Sea and the Arabian Sea provide a lucrative market for explosionproof equipment. Key Findings of Global Explosion Proof Equipment market Oil amp Gas industry generated the highest revenue of 902 million in 2016 and held nearly 18 share of the total explosion proof equipment market The explosion prevention equipment market generated a revenue of 2.3 billion in 2016 and is expected to lead the market for the entire forecast period Asiapacific explosion proof equipment market is going expected to witness a impressive growth having the highest CAGR of 10.4 during the forecast period North America generated the highest revenue in terms of explosion proof equipment market in 2016 Product launch was the majorly adopted strategy by the top market players holding nearly half of the total market strategy share. Adalet a leading manufacturer of explosionproof enclosure systems recently launched an explosionproof combination motor starter integrated with modular and interchangeable trip blocks. Some major companies of the market are Adalet Intertek Group Plc Extronics Ltd Bartec Group R. Stahl AG PepperlFuchs Gmbh Siemens AG Rockwell Automation Inc. Cooper Industries Eaton ABB Group BCom Solutions Inc. and Honeywell International Inc. Contact Address S. No.8/2A/1 Vitthal Heights Above Yashwant Kharadi Pune411014 Tel 912065606016 Email helpesticastresearch.com . How to use NEON wallet Bank freezes indian exchange accounts ICO whitelist update. Benefits of Union Budget that Embraces Railway Budget. cheapest/quickest way to send money from India to US: have bank accounts in both India and US. want to transfer INR in Indian Bank to USD into a US Bank. Im aware of wire transfer high fx conversion fees Rs1000 wire fee slow 35 days. Any other suggestions. Anyones parents invested in the Max Life Platinum Insurance scheme: I live outside India and so do my parents parents called me up and wanted me to look at the Max Life Platinum Insurance scheme https//www.maxlifeinsurance.com/ulipplans/platinumwealthplan Here is the plan. I dont have much idea about all this but I was wondering if someone can tell me info about Max Life Insurance I have heard about it a lot and seen it on TV when I was in India but I dont really look into these things. Is it worth this investement I believe the risks are if you back out before maturity the interest rates are high to pay back the money etc. with some fees. What other things should I be concerned about Any near future problems with Max Life insurance Thanks in advance D. Ever wondered how Brand Factory offers heavy discounts across the year. CBI registers Rs 80 crore bank fraud case against PNB officials. Reliance Industries posts Rs 9423 crore Q3 net profit Jio turns profitable for first time. Biggest selloff gets Rs 37000 crore for govt Times of India. Indias Hike Unveils Mobile Phones That Work Without Active Data. India restricts imports of petcoke for users in Delhi region Livemint. Indias steel production crossed another milestone in 2017. Amul girl looks a lot like the Utz Girl: This is the Utz girl a snacks company started in 1921 https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UtzQualityFoods/media/FileUtzQualityFoodslogo.jpg And our Amul girl https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amulgirl/media/FileAmulGirlMascot.jpg Looks similar right. All About Bhais Being Human How Much Charity How Much Profit. How a corporate slave in India set himself free: [removed]. How a corporate slave in India set himself free to find true happiness. Bitcoin Top banks suspend accounts of major Bitcoin exchanges in India. After Reliance Jios first profit Mukesh Ambani is ready for another contrarian bet. Paytm CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma We are profitable even after cashbacks. Modi government has bad news for Indians dreaming of easy money via bitcoins. Story of Torero the global leather manufacturer for Cross. GST Council set to cut rates on 7080 items in Union Budget 201819. Free Market Intelligence EBook for India. Free Analytics on Where to Market Products and Services in India. Its Bitcoin amp Government not Bitcoin Vs. Government. India sends tax notices to cryptocurrency investors as trading hits 3.5 billion. CRP Risk Management IPO Review Should you Invest. These five products made Ramdevs Patanjali a mega business. Sri Sri Ravi Shankars FMCG brand plans to open 1000 retail stores by end of 2018. GST meet concludes with reduced taxes on 29 items no decision on real estate inclusion. HDFC Bank third Indian co to cross Rs 5 lakh crore mcap. US to monitor Indias foreign exchange reserves. Indian pharma majors are rushing to Make in America. The Times Of India has more readers than nos 2 and 3 put together. Amazon India betting big on machine learning. Auto parts makers warn of job losses in sudden EV shift 1.5 million jobs may be lost in the wake of largescale adoption of electric vehicles in India auto parts firms tell govt. Indias ITBPM industry crossed 150 billion in 201617 It is estimated that the size of information technology ITbusiness process management will grow to 350 bn by 2025 says a India Brand Equity Foundation report. Indias ITBPM industry crossed 150 billion in 201617 It is estimated that the size of information technology ITbusiness process management will grow to 350 bn by 2025 says a India Brand Equity Foundation report: [deleted]. Auto parts makers warn of job losses in sudden EV shift 1.5 million jobs may be lost in the wake of largescale adoption of electric vehicles in India auto parts firms tell govt: [deleted]. The Airtel Reliance Jio fight just got uglier. Believe it or not this girl is the worlds Youngest Entrepreneur Youngest CEO and the Youngest Web Designer. NRIs can get on the wrong side of the law if they operate the savings bank account they created before leaving India. This and many other assumptions clarified in this article.. 25th GST Council Meet PreBudget GST Rate Cut on 49 Items. Please dont waste your money buying Apple products for use in India: [deleted]. GST Rate Changed For 29 Goods 53 Categories Of Services. Amber Enterprises IPO Subscription Status Should You Invest. Indias telecom firms are bleeding because managers sell connectivity like toothpaste. Budget 2018 Maternity benefits low income taxes and agri infrastructure should be high on Arun Jaitleys agenda. India plans to raise health spending by 11 in budget less than requested. GST Council Meet Ease of compliance expected rate cut for goods amp services. Sensex fresh record highs top 4 factors driving rally on DStreet. India earned 27 bn from foreign tourist arrivals in 2017 Minister. Homebuyers in Noida prefer to buy property near the workplace. After Mukesh Ambani Adani Group to pump in Rs 750 crore in West Bengal. RIL plans to invest 5000 crore more in West Bengal. Budget 2018 Which industry pays the most taxes. Some of Startup Indias poster children say they never even signed up. TCS Infosys Wipro HCL Tech Tech Mahindra Ranked Among Worlds Top 100 Tech Firms. Hike becomes the topdown strategy and Total becomes the bottomup Kavin Mittal. Hike CEO Kavin Mittal on the launch of Total a version of Android that will allow smartphone users to access messaging services news horoscope and phone recharges without a data connection. How startup lessons from Israel can turn India into an innovation economy. Best Locations to Market Products and Services in India Free Analysis and Findings. Free Market Intelligence EBook for India. A reference book on market intelligence information for 636 districts in India based on the microdata available from the latest Census. Free Market Intelligence EBook for India: [deleted]. Banned currency notes worth nearly 97 Crores found in a house in Kanpur. Hindustan Unilever HUL Q3 Results Exceeds Market Expectation. SEBI may soon take measures to limit retail participation in FampO market. Please Help Insane YES bank low balance charges: I have an account in YES Bank in which the last transaction was in July of 2015. Today I found out my balance is negative Rs 11000 on account of low balance charges. I googled and found out that banks cant charge low balance charges to an extent of balance ending up negative according to RBIs directive https//www.rbi.org.in/scripts/NotificationUser.aspxId9343ampMode0. When I asked bank they said it is correct and when I referred the RBI directive they blamed it on the algorithm in their system and they cant do anything about it. Please advise what to do. Thanks in advance. . 2018 Easy Online Money Earning Methods up to 50 to 100/day: [deleted]. Lloyds India eyes 10mn business from by Dec. Sensex Crosses 35K More Gains Likely Post Budget. Is this Real Earning App: https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.application.oneadamphlen Your friend Bhaskar Thengal has invited you to try OneAD app. OneAD is Refer and Earn Shop and Save mobile app. Install this free app become a member and earn up to 2.5 Lakh Rs per month. Your referral code for registration is 82ndg. Patanjali is now teaming up Paytm Mall big basket Flipkart Grofers Amazon netmeds 1mg and Shopclues among others.. Balaji Viswanathan and other top 50 entrepreneurs share their Business goals for 2018. Useful links for Online CA class CA Foundation Accounts Rectification of Errors Chapter 2. Hike has finally done some innovation using USSD to bring connectivity to rural market. Industrial Photography service. Earn money on shorten links. make short links and earn the biggest money. Please Help Insane YES bank low balance charges: [removed]. Shell companies crackdown Govt to deregister 1.20 lakh more firms Livemint. Flipkart Republic Day sale Deals on Google Pixel 2 XL Samsung Galaxy S7 Redmi Note 4 and more. 10 reasons to learn JAVA programming... ExcelEducationInstitute JAVA Bangalore. Internship in Finance.: A little background Im a Commerce grad and Ive cleared IPCC Group 1 after which I left CA. Then I worked for 4 months in Accounting in an Elearning based firm. Gave CAT in November cut to this month when calls from some of the BSchools started coming in. Now I have interviews starting next month and I would like to improve my profile. So Im looking for internships in Finance for a good learning experience and nothing else. I dont know how I should go about it. Help a bro. . Private companies team up to bat for Aadhaar in Supreme Court. Mukesh Ambani Says Will Invest Rs 5000 Crore In Best Bengal. Why Walmart isnt getting to play Indias 670 billion retail game. WTF am i hearing....: Just heard from my parents that you have to pay 25 rupees to withdraw 1000 rupees WTF is this Its our money so why cant we withdraw it without fees. How the fuzz they can just make these rules out of nowhere without any warnings. Over here in Canada they frkn give you interest for savings and these chors my mom says are just looting citizens. I never went back to India after a long time. After hearing stuff like these i dont wanna go back there. . Top Cryptocurrencues to buy in 2018. Sorry no one wants your used clothes anymore. [Crypto] Bloodiest day for Indian Crypto Markets in a long time.. Legal Associate Job in Reputed Bank.. Infosys TCS Variable Pay Indian IT out of the woods Infosys TCS send positive signals. Patanjali Ayurveda goes Digital : Recently Baba Ram dev announced that they are going for partnership wth Amazon Flipkart and other.. Source http//www.dnaindia.com/business/reportpatanjaliayurvedagoesdigitalramdevannouncespartnershipwithamazonflipkartandothers2575873. Vodafone 4G VoLTE Rollout Begins in India. Amazon India creates over 6500 temporary jobs ahead of January sale Ecommerce giant Amazon.in has created over 6500 temporary jobs for its mega sale later this month. Amazon.in will host its Great Indian Sale from 2024 January 2018. Air India to be split into four entities before sale Times of India. [ HINDI ] SelfKey 500 returns in 1 day How to trade in KuCoin Exchange Tips. How a school dropout compounded 50 returns for 13 years to outgrow the market. Newgen Software Technologies IPO Opens 16th Jan Should you Invest. TCS Employees get 100 Variable Pay. With freelancing on the rise Indias gig economy is going strong report Freelancers earn an average of20 lakh annually says PayPal study. TCS bags over 2 billion Transamerica contract in its biggest outsourcing deal yet. With freelancing on the rise Indias gig economy is going strong report Freelancers earn an average of20 lakh annually says PayPal study: [deleted]. Company Registration Process. WhatsApp Shows Outdated Error for Many Users in India But Theres Nothing to Worry About. Folks NIFTY is about to crumble We might soon know whether the Vikaas was real or just a Mirage. India zooms past Germany as fourthlargest auto market Rising incomes growing car ownership lift sales to over 4 million units in 2017. Shoppers Stop Gives Rs 179 Crore Shares To Amazon. Looking for Crypto advice as an Indian miner.: Is anyone here taking mining payouts in alt coins and if yes then which platform are you using to convert to INR and move to your bank accounts. Accountancy firm Price Waterhouse banned from India. The Wedding Tamasha by Sudha Nair. Get the Finalists and Notable mentions of the Pen to Publish Contest at upto 70percent off.. Are You Guilty of Degrading Others Read This. IDFC Bank Capital First announce merger: IDFC Bank Capital First announce merger https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/idfcbankcapitalfirstannouncesmerger/articleshow/62485644.cms. What are the steps for registering a startup in India: I and a few friends have an idea for an ebusiness that we want to work on. All of us are in the agegroup of 18 20 and we are from a small tierIII town. I am the only technical guy so I will be the one who have to set up everything. What I want to know is about the technical and legal sides of a startup like when and how to incorporate how to register the brand etc. The startupindia.gov.in site mostly refers to business that are already functioning I couldnt find anything on starting one from scratch. I am aware this is not the right sub for asking this question so it would be awesome if someone could just point me towards the right place. I dont know anyone irl who can help me with this and I honestly dont want to ask on quora.. . Why no Jiocoin can ever take on Bitcoin. Punished auditors involved in Satyam case no powers to act against CA firms ICAI The Economic Times. Here is all you need to know about JioCoin and Cryptocurrencies Technology Popular Altcoins Legitimacy Future and Impact on FinTech. Interested people can mesage mw. Bitcoin Will Ambanis JioCoin work Analysts predict 85 crash in bitcoin in 2018 The Economic Times. An alarmed American coders account of how Indians searching for WhatsApp deluged his website. Reliance Jio planning its own cryptocurrency called JioCoin Reliance Jio plans to build a 50member team of young professionals to work on blockchain technology for JioCoin its own cryptocurrency. Reliance Jio planning its own cryptocurrency called JioCoin Reliance Jio plans to build a 50member team of young professionals to work on blockchain technology for JioCoin its own cryptocurrency: [deleted]. Reliance Jio plans to build a 50member team of young professionals to work on blockchain technology for JioCoin its own cryptocurrency. Indias Bitcoin Exchange Koinex Suffers From Bank Blocking Crypto Accounts. Income Tax Rs 3500 crore in benami assets attached since November 2016 IT. Fleet owners of Uber/Ola is it still profitable: Wanted to start into this business. Would be great if you could give an overview of how things work profit etc.. Fleet owners of Uber/Ola is it still profitable. Reliance Jio planning its own cryptocurrency called JioCoin Wordrays. How toilet cleaner of Baba Ramdevs Patanjali Ayurved wiped out UK based Reckitt Benckisers Harpic at Delhi Court. Reliance Jio is planning its own cryptocurrency JioCoin. Is there a way to track all my mutual fund SIP investments in one place [Ask]: Hello Over the period of last 3 years I have started investment in 56 different SIP/MF which have monthly contributions.. While I get a monthly statements from CAMS which shows how much I invested in the previous month it doesnt inform me of the historical stats.. What I do want to know is that where can I get information that gets updated every month to show the following Date since which the investment was started How much money has been invested so far How much that investment has grown to How much growth in terms of that is. All of the above for all my SIP/MF and a cumulative investment Growth. Can anyone help me out where and how to set this up please. Reliance Jio planning their own cryptocurrency JioCoin Mukesh Ambanis son leading project. Reliance Jio planning its own cryptocurrency called JioCoin:  http//www.livemint.com/Companies/AzdrYmQhYnq0TPiDUbZcSO/RelianceJioplanningitsowncryptocurrencycalledJioCoin.html. Reliance Jio planning its own cryptocurrency called JioCoin. Inside DBS Banks digital journey. Reliance Jio added 6.1 mn users in November RCom lost 25.75 mn Trai. Redmi 5A India Sales Cross 1 Million Units Within a Month Says Xiaomi. 23 of Indian freelancers earn upto Rs 60 lakh per annum PayPal report. India One of The Most Important Markets to Sell Develop Products Lenovo CEO. As Netflix India Turns Two a Look at Its Challenges and Opportunities. What India can learn from Italy about selling its national carrier. Britain doubles export backing for India. Is Apple really doing badly in India. Seven Reasons India Is Primed for Growth. China objects to Vietnams call for Indian investment in South China Sea. LVMH May Take Baba Ramdevs Patanjali from Swadeshi to Videshi Funding. Indian technology startups record 9.4 billion in investments in JanSep 2017 Until September 2017 there were 700 funding deals closed in various tech startups according to Inc42 Datalabs.. Indian technology startups record 9.4 billion in investments in JanSep 2017 Until September 2017 there were 700 funding deals closed in various tech startups according to Inc42 Datalabs.: [deleted]. Louis Vuitton wants to take antiMNC Ramdevs Patanjali global. French luxury group LVMH plans to invest over Rs 3K crore in Ramdevs Patanjali. You still cant make a mobile call to 50000 villages. Satyam case Sebi bans PwC entities from auditing listed firms for two years. Maruti raises vehicle prices by up to 17000. Indias engineering graduates have loans to pay but no jobs so who is clearing their debt. Price Waterhouse Price Waterhouse gets 2year ban in Satyam case: [deleted]. IT turns gaze to cryptocurrency finds 6 lakh active traders most under 35 yrs. AirAsia India IPO Coming Soon Positive Signal for Airline Industry. ICON ico gave 100x returns in 4 months. What is ICO and why we should care about it Nucleus Vision Review. India largest market for freelancers. Foreign Airlines Allowed To Invest Up To 49 In Air India. Tips for Successfully presenting a Presentation. Advice before I start my website/blog fulltime: I run a website during my free time and it has started generating some revenues. Also Im quite close to being FIREFinancially independent Retiring Early so Im planning to quit my job and have the earnings from website cover my daily expense. 1. I havent registered any company for this. Should I create a company and let that be owner or should I continue myself as owner 2. How should I file Tax Till now I was filling tax only as Salaried person. What will happen once I retire how should I fill taxes then 3. One of my friend is quite interested in joining me. What are all terms and conditions that I should discuss with him Should we both form a company or let it run as joint effort of two persons Any other necessary legal things If you think this is a more relevant sub/website for this kind discussion please let me know.. Art of Marketing A chennai theater that sold popcorns to sell tickets.. Maze Smart Chit A Complete Chit Fund Software at Low Price. E Palaniswami says no to hike for transporters lawmakers to get a raise. Paytm launches investment wealth management division with Paytm Money to invest 10 mn. Tata Power sets up EV charging stations in two Mumbai malls: [deleted]. Cryptocurrency trades in India show no sign of slowing despite clampdown Far from dumping their investments in bitcoins and altcoins Indian virtual currency investors double down on the market driving local prices higher than global trends. India 2nd largest contributor to IBMs over 9K patents in 2017. Flipkart fashion business catches up with Myntra. Infosys signs agreement with US IRS sees lower tax rate. Free Domian Free Host With Any Websites: [removed]. HMD Global estimated to have sold 13.5 million feature phones 2.8 million smartphones in Q3 2017. US H1B Extension Policy Unchanged Real relief for Indian IT. everyones on whatsapp these days. Reliance Jio unveils 3GB 5GB daily packs at Rs 509 799. Vijayshri Packaging Best in India. Built an app that lets you know the best VFM crypto in India: Since most of the crypto exchanges in India operate at hyperinflated rates. So I built an app that gives you best value for money coin in India and the exchange you can buy this at. Lets say you have like 10k and wish to buy a coin from a fiat exchange like Zebpay or Koinex. Since they usually have hyperinflated margins youd end up paying more than market rates. CryptoNiffler lets you buy the most VFM coin at the moment and subsequently you could transfer the coin to your favorite exchange like Binance Bittrex to buy other cryptos at market rates. It takes into account the network fees the rupee amount you wish to transfer and calculates the efficiency of conversion. Conversely it also gives you the best coin and exchange to sell your crypto at in order to maximize the rupees you can get. Would love to know what you make of it https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.bariski.cryptoniffler. Indian banks are choking bitcoin exchanges by blocking payments and withdrawals. India rejects US claim for trade sanctions over solar power policies at World Trade Organisation. Layoffs H1B visa rules spook techies. Air India likely to offer laptops to business class passengers. PACL ponzi scam case ED attaches Rs 472 cr assets. Union Budget 2018 Equity Long Term Capital Gain Tax on Cards. Live Budget 2018 Union Budget 201819 India Highlights Latest News amp Updates. Hyd police book Verizon for hiring bouncers while firing employees. INR Transactions Update January 8 2018 Koinex. Anybody doing the Level 3 CFA exam this year Care to share study resources: This is a rerepost. I really have no idea how to post here... Im particularly looking to see if anyone is willing to share Shweser notes. I have the 2017 notes that I downloaded from TPB but I believe there are some extensive changes this year. Im happy to pay for them.. Anybody doing the Level 3 CFA exam this year Care to share study resources. Make bitcoins illegal Government of India Committee. Uh Oh Patanjali Thinks Dark Complexion Is A Skin Ailment. Businesses today have become very competitive. Marketing and advertising companies are trying everything under the sun to increase their customer base. But with such huge internet presence it is not possible to go by outdated marketing strategies.. Anybody doing the Level 3 CFA exam this year Care to share study resources. India is the world leader in international remittances many indians working abroad sending money to family in India. What are the fees like Is cryptocurrency the answer: India has been standing quietly to the side while Korea Europe Australia and the US are charging towards cryptocurrencies. Is india the sleeping giant It seems to me Indians may benefit the most from cryptocurrencies as they are the biggest user of international remittances and most affected by fees as a result. Can you explain what the existing problems and remittance fees that exist in your country and why cryptocurrency adoption will/wont solve remittance problems and fees in your country. Blow to Make in India Rs 32000 crore minesweeper warship deal scraped with South Korea. Uber relaunches Auto service in India. Cryptocurrency trades in India show no sign of slowing despite clampdown [NP]. Dont Privatise Air India Give It Five Years To Revive Parliamentary Panel. Patanjali plans massive online push to tie up with Flipkart Amazon and Paytm among others. Indias Dalmia DSP Cement risks big in advertising. Baba Ramdevs Patanjali surprises ties up with Amazon Flipkart Paytm Mall for online push. Top Ten Reliable Faucet To Earn Ethereum In 2018. Indian financial advice: An employee of my Indian bank account had a comment about my signature. What would be the best way to complain I prefer banks that focus on the numbers and my signature is recognisably the same.. Dad has made mom as proprietor they believe in astrology for business which he will do as applicant is to take EDP training under PMEGP scheme can my dad apply for PMEGP under his name and go for training or apply under my mom name and then go for training on behalf of her: [PMEGP]https//www.kviconline.gov.in/pmegpeportal/pmegphome/index.jsp Prime Ministers Employment Generation Program. A business loan EDP Entrepreneurship Development Program. . Parliamentary panel pulls up Railways for free passes in luxury trains. New look New Style New year Resolution boysbite.com. How to grow your Business Online This is one of the best Digital Marketing explained video. Here you will learn 4 best strategies to increase your Brand value and Sales. A month before the budget Indias corporate investments have hit a 13year low. Businessman consumes poison blames demonetisation and GST. Coinsecure rejects your KYC without giving any reason or replying to your email.: So i thought i would dip my toe in the bitcoin hysteria. I chose coinsecure because it acts like an exchange. Not only do they not reply to your emails but they also after roughly a month from submitting your details reject your KYC without giving any reason. For more than a month there is that your process will be completed within few days and then all of a sudden the start button appears indicating youll have to submit your KYC again. They dont tell you if your request has been rejected or they lost your details or anything that clarifies the situation since they dont reply to your email. I guess ill have to search for an alternative. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Thankyou.. Coinsecure rejects KYC without giving any reason or replying to email.: So i thought i would dip my toe in the bitcoin hysteria. I chose coinsecure because it acts like an exchange. Not only do they not reply to your emails but they also after roughly a month from submitting your details reject your KYC without giving any reason. For more than a month there is that your process will be completed within few days and then all of a sudden the start button appears indicating youll have to submit your KYC again. They dont tell you if your request has been rejected or they lost your details or anything that clarifies the situation since they dont reply to your email. I guess ill have to search for an alternative. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Thankyou.. Instant Deposits And Withdrawals Coming Back to Koinex but When. Its time for Indians to invest in Canada: Its time for Indians to invest in Canada Jagdish Pathak There are more than one million Indianorigin immigrants in Canada. But compared to rising number of Indianorigin immigrants Indian investment has not kept pace in Canada. However slowly but steadily Indian investments are trickling into the Canadian economy. Economic stability has become key to Canadas success and is decisive in attracting investors from all over the world to its shores. Investment in Canada is considered a safe haven for investors hardearned money and continues to represent a solid foundation for future growth and prosperity. Canada is the No. 1 investment destination in the G7 and was ranked 4th in the world as the best country to conduct business over the period 201014 according to the Economist Intelligence Units Business Environment Ranking August 2010 report. Indian investors have still been shy about investing in Canada. Most investors from India prefer the UK and Europe as well as the countries of the Middle East historically. Outside this region Indian investments are scattered and limited. Canada is a stable secure nation and endowed with abundant natural resources. Its currency has always been very stable and its safest borders are with the largest economy of the world. Canada/US relations can be described as the best that any two nations can have. Canada ranks 27th in terms of FDI investment in India and its investments are mostly in the development sector. Whereas Indian FDI approved until 2009 in Canada is restricted to 570 million and ranks as the 20th destination of Indian investments. Recently in Windsor I saw a big hoarding on the road showing the name Aditya Birla on it. I stopped and looked at it with admiration thinking at last Indian investors have made up their mind to make Canada their destination for good. Indian investors should consider Canada and especially the province of Ontario to be the hub of their North American business activities. Ontario has liberal laws a huge existing infrastructure and various tax benefits to investors relatively milder climate fertile farmlands and without doubt some of the best golf courses in the world in your neighborhood. People here are well aware of Indian investments in the automotive sector of the UK. During the purchasing phase of the Jaguar and Land Rover deal by Tata India and its investors were commonly discussed in Ontario bars and restaurants. Ontario is the hub of automotive industries and support services for manufacturing automobiles of big3 US and Japanese car manufacturers like Honda and Toyota. Southwestern Ontario is a key entry point for US and South American markets. Canadians are very knowledgeable about India and its information technologyrelated successes. India is no longer a nation of beggars and snake charmers in the minds of a younger generation of Canadian citizens. Growth of the Indian software industry has made a big mark on the Canadian psyche. Any investment in Canada will have to be planned over the long term similar to US investors in the past. Canadian oil and energy forestry mines and minerals and gold and diamond resources are some of the best resources for investors to look at. The Canadian higher education system is one of the best in the world and at par with the US resulting in students from across the globe studying and performing high quality research. Investors from India are relatively conservative by nature and prefer to satisfy some critical marks before deciding to invest. Canada is one such country which should be the destination of longterm investors from India. One might look at some of the investments made by Indian investors in the Ontario province and think how much is there on offer in this wellendowed province alone. Investments by Essar group in energy and steel by Mahindra Satyam and Wipro in the IT sector are a good beginning. However the quantity of investment is negligible compared to China which is making substantial investment in the core sectors of oil and energy solar and wind power generation and forestry. A strategic investment in developed nations like Canada goes with the Indian aspiration of becoming a global power. Indian investors can fulfill such desires in conjunction with the geopolitical leadership potential of India. https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/newtocanada/moneyfinances/ItstimeforIndianstoinvestinCanada/newcanadashow/48465960.cms For videos of beautiful winter sports in Canada https//www.youtube.com/watchv3yaQVRW9KU https//youtu.be/oWO4NaC8DeM. Its time for Indians to invest in Canada. SBI minimum balance SBI to cut minimum balance requirement. How To Earn Ethereum ETH Online Fast And Free. [Free] Digitex exchange coins for those who missed the bull run of BNB and Kucoin shares: [removed]. Finally 1 Dogecoin 1 Rupee. How Amazon is trying to become the everyday store for Indians. Maruti Suzuki Swift 2018 Bookings for Most Awaited Car Begins. 5 Quick tips when you make mistake at work. Indian billionaires are back on world dealmaking stage Report. Govt to take action against all involved in chit fund scams says Jailtey. Bitcoin Arbitrage is it something that is worth giving a shot: So I have a friend working in the US and he came up to me with the proposition of bitcoin arbitrage hed buy from an Exchange in the US send it my Zebpay wallet and Id sell it in India where the price in about 1520 higher than in the US and wed split the profits. Is the profit margin after transaction fees worth trying out. Also is it legal to do this in India I have no qualms with paying tax on these transactions. . Exclusive India plans to boost tourism travel in annual budget sources. Logitech X300 Bluetooth Speaker. In your experience which banks offer the best credit card schemes: As a recent addition to the Indian workforce I was wondering how I can maximise my limited salary I earn. This search led me to Credit Cards and their benefits.. Yes Bank Nearby Tech bring cardlesspinless ATM service. Get Socail Media likes online. Upcoming IPO in January 2018 Silly Monks IPO opens Tomorrow. SBI likely to slash minimum balance requirement for savings accounts. Please suggest an open source gst ready bookkeeping software.: Hello I recently started a small business and was wondering if there are any free gst ready book keeping software. Tried searching online but couldnt find one that has gst support. It would really help me If anyone has any suggestions. Thanks in advance.. https//www.amazon.in/ASkylAromatherapyEssentialUltrasonicHumidifier/dp/B075XL7CPT/refaslisstlieUTF8ampqid1515091571ampsr86ampkeywordsoildiffusersamplinkCodell1amptagmywebsite021amplinkId3948502ab24ba03157869f7c53a18b0f: [removed]. Which is the best open source bookkeeping software ready with gst for an Indian entrepreneur. Vijay Mallya declared proclaimed offender by Delhi court Times of India. TRUSTWORTHY amp COMPETENT HACKER FOR HIRE: [removed]. Its enough Paytm. Your upi is down Payments Bank passbook is not showing up for more than two weeks Its time you should tell your customers about whats going on.: Seriously WTF Paytm its been almost two weeks and still no clarification about it CUSTOMER CARE IS IGNORING ANY COMPLAINTS ABOUT PASSBOOK. Amazon straight up denying any payment through their debit card because Bank is experiencing an issue. . Investment advice for Working Women. USD to INR Forecast 2018 Indian Rupee to Dominate US Dollar. Take it Baba Ramdev. New Infosys CEO Salil Parekh To Get Salary Of Rs 16 Crore. Mukesh takes spoils in battle of Ambani brothers. PSU banks Why its unfair to penalise senior citizens with no pension for minimum account balance default. Altigreen Propulsion Labs Want to save 30 on fuel costs Altigreen holds the key. Want your bank deposits safe Be ready to pay for it. Fresh investments in India plunge to a 13year low as stalled projects rise. Indias selfdefeating stand on ecommerce. In 2017 Indian foodies refused to let the government stand in the way. Reliance Retail plans to launch cameras electronic wearables Reliance Retail plans to sell these products through Reliance Digital stores. Time for IT firms to take responsibility for the cities they ruined Some of our cities now look like the banks of a polluted river that has receded after a flood. Debris are strewn everywhere in the form of lost jobs dashed hopes and increasing crime. Reliance Retail plans to launch cameras electronic wearables Reliance Retail plans to sell these products through Reliance Digital stores: [deleted]. I caught my employee stealing company money what can I do: I own a small business. The employee in question has used company accounts to purchase personal stuff to the tune of INR 90000. His salary is INR 35k per month. What should I do I want to file an FIR for corporate embezzlement and get his name on the record if he doesnt return the full amount plus interest within 48 hours after confrontation. Please help. Edit 1 I have no emotional ties to this employee. I just want the money to be recovered with interest and for his family coworkers to know what hes done. Edit 2 I spoke to a lawyer friend. Theft is a criminal offence and if I file an FIR with proof he will eventually go to jail. Im wondering if I should file an FIR and use it as leverage to get the money back quickly or just threaten to file. Time for IT firms to take responsibility for the cities they ruined Some of our cities now look like the banks of a polluted river that has receded after a flood. Debris are strewn everywhere in the form of lost jobs dashed hopes and increasing crime: [deleted]. Reliance Retail plans to launch cameras electronic wearables Reliance Retail plans to sell these products through Reliance Digital stores: [deleted]. Time for IT firms to take responsibility for the cities they ruined Some of our cities now look like the banks of a polluted river that has receded after a flood. Debris are strewn everywhere in the form of lost jobs dashed hopes and increasing crime: [deleted]. Jio is both a revolution in Telecom sector and a lesson to cartels and oligopolists we need more Jios across all industry verticals and horizontals: Regardless of your political inclination youll have to accept that Jio was a revolution in 4G VoLTE that paved the way for cheap bandwidth and unlimited talktime in India. Even corporate giants like Airtel and Vodafone had to bite the bullet and stop charging exorbitant prices for their telecom offerings and that was only because of Jio. If Jio hadnt come wed be still paying 350 per month for about 1GB of 3G bandwidth Other areas where competition is badly needed these days as few players might have formed an oligopoly or cartel as they say in economics 1. Payment Gateways Very few players like BillDesk UPI and CCAvenue high transaction costs and many formalities for a small merchant. 2. Ecommerce Amazon.in and Flipkart are basically the only big ones we need more competition here. 3. Egroceries There is only BigBasket and Grofers we need more like them. 4. Credit/Debit Card Infrastructure Visa and MasterCard are the only ones. We should support the new Indian initiative called RuPay and encourage more competition and/or new providers. 5. Search Engines Why only Google Why not use DuckDuckGo AltaVista Bing etc. Let me know if you have suggestions about any other sectors. As they say Consumer is the uncrowned king but only in a competitive market. As consumers its our duty to ensure that competition thrives. Jai Hind. Anant Ambanis Speech. Top 10 Indian CEO Who Are Ruling The World. Can you send money abroad for medical treatment: My son needs to undergo a deformity correction operation in the US which will cost around 130k. The operation is available in India but we want to get it done abroad because it is risky and I think we can get the best care in the US. I am of means so the money isnt a big problem but the problem is that I dont know if there are restrictions on sending money abroad. 1. I need to transfer 90k from my Indian bank account to the US hospital. 2. I need to have around 40k of money around for any additional needs while in the US. Thankfully I have a US bank account from during my earlier stay in the US but I dont have much money in it. Can someone please advise the regulatory aspect of this Please dont suggest to get it done in India because this is a fairly new operation which Indian doctors have little experience with. If I have the money why shouldnt my son get the best care Thanks . Is there any Indian equivalent of Delaware state: Delaware is one state in USA where there is literally zero tax applicable for businessmen and manufacturers. Similarly is there any Indian state where at least GST is taxfree if not incometax. MRP other details must for items sold online from now Along with MRP the companies have to display the manufacturing date expiry date net quantity country of origin and consumer care details on the label. SBI Collects Whopping Rs 1771 Crore in Below Minimum Balance Penalty in AprilNovember. I keep aside Rs 100 from my daily sale .How to show this transaction in account books : My calculation is Net Sales Total Sale Daily Expenditure since this rs 100 goes into my saving box so I am confused how to show this transaction in account books . Unaffordable Health Insurance Premium for Senior Citizens What Has Gone Wrong. The curious case of SBI How banks make maximum profit from minimum balance accounts. Why there is a bad smell about life insurance in India. By Penalizing Accounts Without Minimum Balance SBI Earns Rs 1771 Crore More Than Net Profit Of Rs 1582 Crore. The scammers gaming Indias overcrowded job market. Best Stocks to Buy for 2018 in India. IRDA asks insurers to ensure easy availability of motor cover. SBI extends home loan processing fee waiver to Marchend cuts base rate by 30 bps. GAIL commissions Indias second largest rooftop solar plant in UP. These are the Indian tech jobs that arent disappearing in 2018. Figures for AprNov 2017 SBI collected Rs. 1771 crore as charges from below minimum balance accounts. Ernst amp Young report By 2022 one in 10 jobs in India will disappear Quartz. Market Wrap Sensex closes 244 points lower Nifty below 10450 bank stocks fall. Digital transactions No charges on debit card transactions up to Rs 2000 FinMin: [deleted]. Government suspects GST leakage via SME scheme The Times of India. PNB Hikes Interest Rates On Term Deposits By Up To 1.25 Per Cent. Anyone else encountering this How can they get away with this. Which loan scheme of Government of India is optimal ease probability sanction time extent of collateral independence to start a business CGTMSE Vs. Mudra Vs. PMEGP. Anybody know anything about Laxmi coin: I want to know more or less everything there is to know about Laxmi coin. AIRTEL right now Subcribe to any plan of ours and it will last until next year. No extra/hidden charges.: [deleted]. MAG 5 Boulevard Dubai South. Reliance Jio tops 4G download speed chart at 19.6mbps in October Trai. The 4G download speed on Jio network was more than double of its closest competitor Vodafone which registered an average download speed of 9.3mbps in October. Come 2018 Reliance Jio may forever change the way you buy things. 2017 In Review The 8 Hottest Sectors In The Indian Startup Ecosystem. App for expense tracking/ budgeting/ financial advise India: Need recommendations for an app which is both ios and android compatible supports INR currency and possibly provides financial advise/ tips even relevant ads. Intent is to plan and track money with my spouse. Paid apps preferred. Have googled exhaustively for Indian equivalent of intuits mint without success. Quora recos are from 2011 for Perfios which cant be found on apple app store.. I was researching ETF returns. Gold has been a significant underperformer.. Kawasaki Vulcan S Launched in India at Rs 5.44 Lakh. Indias Reliance Jio to buy RComs wireless assets in 3.75 billion deal sources. GST demonetisation reset Indias FMCG distribution business in 2017. MAG 5 Boulevard Dubai South. TutorialBuyUcoin Exchange. Driving the future This startup is already powering Indias electric vehicle dream. Reliance JioRCom What Mukesh Ambanis deal with brother Anil means for Airtel Vodafone. Whats Indian Governments official stand on cryptocurrencies: Can I invest into cryto. title Is this supported by our government. Sebi restricts crossholding in mutual funds credit rating agencies. Bitcoin other virtual currencies like Ponzi schemes Finance Ministry warns investors: [deleted]. Lok Sabha passes Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code Amendment Bill The Indian Express. Indias TCS Faces U.S. Trial in AntiAmerican Bias Case. Indian CEOs earn whopping 229 times more than the average worker. Best Equity Mutual Funds for 2018 in India. Mukesh Ambani Jio Reliance Projects. Strategies to Close a Deal Effectively. Reliance Jio Reliance Jio to buy out RComs wireless assets. Govt warns against bitcoin trading equates virtual currencies with ponzi schemes. Ministry of finance cautions against risks of investing in virtual currencies such as bitcoin which lack government fiat comparing them with ponzi schemes.. Pluto Exchange launches Indias first bitcoin trading app. Come 2018 Reliance Jio may forever change the way you buy things. McDonalds says it cant vouch for the quality of 40 of its restaurants in India. Inside the McDonaldsVikram Bakshi controversy. McDonalds India flags food quality concerns at CPRLrun outlets. Theres an ewaste crisis lurking behind Indias cheapphone boom: [deleted]. On fathers birthday Mukesh Ambani gives Anil Ambani Rs 23000 crore relief. Liquor industry expects strong rebound in 2018. Traffic mess Capgemini may exit Bengaluru. Anil Ambanis RCom to sell assets to Mukeshs Jio. Indias 1st bitcoin trading app out allows transaction with mobile number. India ranks 5th in list of countries with highest NPA levels. Government plans to borrow extra Rs 50000 crore in JanMarch. India Inc sews deals worth 60 b in 2017 with big MampAs. TCS Faces US Trial in Case That Alleges AntiAmerican Bias. Dabur opens skill development centre for women in Assam. With AWS and Azure in its sights Alibaba opens India cloud data center: [deleted]. Amul goes on offensive against other brands using its name. The Future of Indias Commercial Spaceflight Is Closely Tied to the PSLVs: [deleted]. Experts views on what changed in the banking and fintech sector in 2017. IT companies formed cartel to keep entrylevel salary low Mohandas Pai. Pai a former CFO of Infosys said these companies are taking advantage of oversupply of engineers and seeking to command the market terming this trend totally wrong.. Big IT Conspiring To Keep EntryLevel Salaries Low Says Mohandas Pai. Accountants and related professionals of r/India what are the tax implications of cryptocurrency gains when we convert it into INR. Hi Positive and Good People can I have support from you all I have go to my Country and be again gt OK after 6 months of crash . Or maybe someone can lend me 5200 dollars On 2 years Is here any Richer Person. 60 of Sports Goods 40 of Apparel on Sale Online Are Fake. Heres Proof. Pay up or we go to NCLT is proving to be a very credible threat. The long winter in banking. ICICI Officials Accused of Tricking Hundreds Into Buying Insurance Instead of FD Schemes The Wire. Entrepreneurs of Karnataka heres your chance to get your startup funded [NP]. Over half of McDs outlets close down in North amp East India. 56000 layoffs and counting Indias IT bloodbath this year may just be the start. FICCI partners CSCC to promote SCST entrepreneurs. India dollar bond party just getting started on decadelow costs. IndiGo becomes first Indian carrier to operate 1000 daily flights. Save Digital India US puts up walls India should do the same: [deleted]. IndiGo becomes first Indian carrier to operate 1000 daily flights: [deleted]. Gap between Nifty 50 and NSE smallcap index narrows sharply . RCom End of an era beginning of another. Rent Furniture amp Appliances in Gurgaon Delhi Noida Pune Mumbai. TIL Until 1966 the countries of Kuwait Bahrain Qatar and Oman all used the Indian Rupee as currency. 1967 prices: Hi guys. I am helping a friend with her assignment and it requires her to find the prices of a few commodities 50 years ago ie in 1967. So far I have found out a few of them with the help of Google. I would really appreciate it if someone can direct me to a site where I can find the requisite info. Here are the things I still need to find the 1967 prices of in INR of course. Rice per kg Mustard Oil per litre Benarasi Saree per piece Muga Mekhela Sadar per piece Paat Mekhela Sadar per piece Brass per kg Thanks a lot in advance. . Indians are so fond of gold that they dont mind shelling extra money for FMCG products with gold in their names. Bitcoin became latest fad in India. Before get into this game. Here are few books that I picked for beginners: [removed]. RCom unveils new resolution plan to cut debt 87 by March. Didnt live up to our high standards Airtel CEO Gopal Vittal. Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma The Other Side of This Starstruck Couple That Might Surprise You. Social Media in Building Brand Name. Free Readymade GST Billing Software for your Business.. Jio offers Rs 3300 cashback on recharge of Rs 399 amp above. Surge of mutual fund inflows in 2017 but will the party last in 2018. Patanjali Ayurved signs Rs671 crore pact for Chhattisgarh food processing unit. Indian Airlines to Induct 900 Aircraft in Coming Years Indigo to Add 448 Planes. 13 Best Bitcoin Exchanges in India Buy amp Trade Bitcoin in India LogicalNerds.com. Markets close at record high after Anil Ambanis new RCom pitch. RCom announces new debt reduction plan. Google to launch physical retail stores in India by late 2018 Report. Wipro now builds a Hybrid Crowd for talentspotting. Gungho over surging stocks Brace for wild swings in the year ahead. Organic India eyes Rs 500 crore turnover by FY20 end. India pharma exports to touch 20 bn by 2020 Assocham. How to Perform Digital Marketing Strategies in 2018 for Better Business. mf returns in 2017 Investors rush to mutual funds asset base grows over Rs 6 trillion. In A Big Expansion Move Airlines In India To Buy Over 900 Planes. Budget airlines such as IndiGo SpiceJet GoAir AirAsia and others are set to significantly expand their respective fleet sizes. Why Binance got removed from iOS play store : [removed]. Mukesh Ambaniled Reliance Industries plans to be among worlds top 20 companies. We have to create our own Google Facebook Alibaba Jayant Sinha. Inside the McDonaldsVikram Bakshi controversy. NRN asks IT leaders to be less greedy. German startup plans subRs 10 lakh ecars and trucks. Banking reforms Why privatization is better than mergers. Thank You GST source TOI front page. Indias plan to go allelectric with cars by 2030 not viable impedes better technology Mercedes India chief. TCS wins record 2.25 billion Nielsen outsourcing contract. RIL 40 A Grand Celebration Of Reliance Industries 40 Years Must Watch: [deleted]. Parents of 8yearold dengue patient file complaint against Gurugrams Medanta hospital for bill of Rs 15.88 lakh. Why governments FRDI Bill will have huge implications for India like demonetisation and GST. Best Bitcoin Wallet in India to Buy Bitcoin Price Chart and BTC to USD. Indian Couple The true spirit of Christm. paytm e kyc amazon pmg disha. Reliance Jio moves phone production to India after supply glitches in China. Reliance Jio has engaged an undisclosed vendor in Chennai to make its flagship phone after capacity bottlenecks at the unit in China where the initial batch of 6 million devices were produced. Banking wrap RBI dispels rumours of bank closures warns of rise in NPAs. 6 Ways to Be Better at Money in 2018. Country of jugaad. 3 Money Making Habits that Propelled Jeff Bezos Elon Musk Mark Zuckerberg and Sara Blakely to the Billionaire Boys and Girls Club. Reliance Jio moves phone production to India after supply glitches in China. Reliance Jio has engaged an undisclosed vendor in Chennai to make its flagship phone after capacity bottlenecks at the unit in China where the initial batch of 6 million devices were produced: [deleted]. I need help. I screwed up a clients GSTR3B return filing.: Basically I filed for Oct in the month of Sept but have paid for Sept. Oct was more by 8k. Oct Nov return pending to be filed. . Bitcoin Income tax dept sends notices to HNIs wants to know source of investment. Can someone tell me about offline data entry jobs: I live in Ahmedabad and I am a college student. I was thinking of doing a part time job to make some cash. So I found a company named Wider Infotech and it seems that they pay decent money for typing certain amount of pages. Only problem is that I have to pay 5000 rs for a 5 month contract. Is it a scam Should I do it or not. Indian manufacturing needs more than just import duty hike to bounce back: [deleted]. Indian manufacturing needs more than just import duty hike to bounce back: [deleted]. 117 companies raised Rs 62736crore via IPOs in AprilNovember 2018 Government. Has Amazon Found The Answer To Indias Change Problems With Amazon Pay. Airtel Payments Bank CEO Shashi Arora resigns amid eKYC licence row. India just got 400 million of financing for new solar and wind energy farms. Meanwhile on fb crypto groups.. Ola buys Foodpandas India arm to pump 200 m into fooddelivery biz. Ratan Tata Google India MD Rajan Anandan fund Indias startup researching cannabis Report. TCS Bags 2.25 Billion Nielsen Contract. TCS wins record 2.25 billion Nielsen outsourcing contract. Flipkart just figured out a way to oneup Amazon AI and a decade of data. Medical Marijuana Research Firm BOHECO Funded By Ratan Tata Google India MD Rajan Anandan. Dont bank on it The money in your savings account could disappear overnight. Indian IT Nasscom says HR 170 Bill and higher visa fees to put big Indian IT companies at disadvantage. Crypto enthusiasts please stay from the exchange buyucoin.: I have been using them for the past 67 months and it has been a horrible experience with anything to do with their exchange. Only deposit and buying coins work fine. Withdrawals to another address or to your bank is a never ending process. check out all the guys who are behind it bunch of college passouts average 22 yrs old and have zero responsibility when handling with customers. Just cashed out after heavy losses in arbitrage/high network fee and waiting for the final transfer to happen. I have been following up with them personally and with their CEO and it has been an abysmal experience.. Chemical Industry in India Is Experiencing a Rapid Growth JumoreGlobal Insights. Acquittal proves presumptive loss in 2G was cooked up says A. Raja: [deleted]. Medical Marijuana Research Firm BOHECO Funded By Ratan Tata Google India MD Rajan Anandan: [deleted]. Former Telecom Minister A Raja Kanimozhi 15 Others Acquitted in 2G Spectrum Case 10 Points. MCA Breather To Over 3 Lakh Disqualified Directors Allows Filing Of Overdue Annual Returns Financial Statements Till Mar 31 Live Law. Reliance Infra sells Mumbai power business to Adani Transmission. Monsantos Suicide Economy Nearly 300000 Indian farmers have committed suicide since 1995 after being driven into insurmountable debt by neoliberal economics and the conquest of Indian farmland by Monsantos Bacillus thuringiensis Bt cotton.. NPS Why should you invest in National Pension Scheme. Hyundai to raise prices by up to 2 percent from January. NPA RBI places restrictions on Bank of India after bad loan spike. We are the largest manufacturers of ceramic/vitrified tiles in India.Our motto is to keep fulfilling your appetite for style amp aesthetics with innovation.. Where are Rs 2000 notes slowly disappearing If RBI is killing pink bills its good news for economy. Took 20 years Haldiram beats Pepsico to become Indias largest snack maker. PepsiCos midlife crisis in India. NIFTY Option Strategy 20 December 2017. India just got 400 million of financing for new solar and wind energy farms. Alibaba Cloud is opening its first data center in India. Zebpay price difference. Maruti crosses Rs3 trillion in market cap shares hit Rs10000 mark. Bitcoin mania How Big B and familys 250000 investment rose to 17.5 mn. CAG picks flaws in Centres Accounting. Paytm Launches ZERO Acceptance Fees For Merchants. Also Instant Payment To Bank Accounts.. Reliance Jio Tata Steel among 5 firms that understated revenue by Rs. 14000 crore CAG. From today you can shop dine and play all night long in Mumbai. Digibank introduced new internet banking facility very basic though. Reliance Jio Tata Tele among 5 telecom firms that underreported revenue CAG. Delhibased spare parts firm beats Toyota in fight for Prius trademark. Customer Experience and Service in a Business. How fast will my money grow Three quick rules. Ola buys Foodpandas India unit will invest 200 million. Compare and graph realtime cryptocurrency prices from various Indian exchangesZebpay Koinex and Coinsecure. Awesome First Gift Packing Services in Uttar Pradesh. NDTV to cut workforce by up to 25. Taking housing loan in TATA Capital is that advisable: Im planning to avail housing loan in Tata Capital is that advisable Looking for more suggestions.. Ola to acquire Foodpanda India to invest 200 mn. You Dont Need an India Strategy You Need a Strategy for Each State in India. Where can you buy bitcoins and other crypto currencies in India. Will return Rs 190crore subsidy to original a/cs Airtel informs NPCI. Bitcoin trading Income Tax notices issued to 45 lakh high networth individuals. Iraq replaces Saudi Arabia as Indias lead oil supplier. Redditors can I get some career advice: M 21. Hi I completed my graduation Bachelors in Business Administration in May 2017. After graduation I started preparing for banking exams. The results were declared recently and I failed by 2 marks. Now Im planning to study for MBA. Ill be taking all Government exams and MBA tests like CAT XAT etc. in 2018. Since these exams take place during end of the year Ill have plenty of time to study. I do not have a 95 job right now but I work as a freelance technology writer. Since I do not have any financial responsibility right now the earnings are sufficient to live happily. Im planning to take various online courses while studying for MBA. Right now Im studying MS excel and digital marketing. Oh and I have an average academic record 78 in 10th standard 86 in 12th standard 69 in Graduation. Alright thats my current situation. I thought knowing about me would help you offer better advice. Now heres the question. Since Ill be taking exams in 2018 Ill get admission in 2019. Thats a gap of two years. How would you deal with that gap during the interview. Does freelancing count as work experience Is it something I can show on my resume Plus what about the online courses Ill be studying about things related to the business world. While Im not sure I think you get a certificate at the end of each course. Do these certificate count Would that be enough to justify the gap year Plus is my academic good enough to get admission in top colleges if I manage to score good percentile in entrance exams I know Im thinking about things that havent even happened yet. I just want to be prepared.. UIDAI Suspends eKYC Licence of Airtel Airtel Payments Bank Over Alleged Aadhaar Misuse. Finance Ministry asks banks to open MSME intensive branches. Gujarat Election Results 2017 Sensex Makes A 1100Point Swing Over Close Fight in Gujarat. Rs 167cr deposited in Airtel Bank without consent of 31L users Times of India. Adani cancels A2bn Australia coal mine contract amid cash crunch. Market Live Sensex sinks 800 pts Nifty falls 200 pts as Gujarat polls counting underway. Top 10 Richest People In The World By The End Of 2017 Bill gates no longer number 1.. UIDAI suspends Airtel its payment banks eKYC licence. Yamaha evaluating launch of electric twowheelers in India. Most sales leaders not from tierI MBA universities Study. Foreign funds flock to Indian markets with over 30 billion inflows in 2017. This is ridiculous. The story of how Ikea was assembled in India.. Railways to offer discounts like hotels airlines flexifare to be revamped Piyush Goyal. Union Cabinet clears bill to set up an internationallevel arbitration council in India. Regarding Bitcoin If Bitcoin is revolutionary than what about next 8 cryptocurrency are they not revolutionary as well. 10 Steps of Success. UIDAI suspends Airtel Airtel Payments Banks eKYC licence: [deleted]. UIDAI suspends Airtel Airtel Payments Banks eKYC licence. UIDAI suspends Airtel Airtel Payments Banks eKYC licence over Aadhaar misuse [NP]. GST Council approves early roll out of mandatory eway Bill for interstate goods movement from 1 February 2018. Career Mistakes to avoid for better Financial Dynamics. You Dont Need an India Strategy You Need a Strategy for Each State in India. Indias next retail boom smaller cities with rising affluence and lower rents. Indias next retail boom smaller cities with rising affluence and lower rents: [deleted]. Indian tech startups auto makers at full throttle on selfdriving vehicles: [deleted]. RBI levies Rs 5 crore penalty on Syndicate Bank for breaching KYC norms. Forex traders of r/india would you say it is a lucrative trading option What are some must knows if I plan on trading. A mother wrote to Hindustan pencils about her lefthanded daughters needs and they responded. Trade Fair at Pragati Maidan. New Collections are out... quality over quantity Boysbite.com dresswellbro boysbite http//boysbite.com/BoysbiteCollections/officewearblue Buy now . Get Sarkari Naukri Bumper opening For Graduates. Swiggy celrbrating The Last Jedi [FO]. TIL Mukesh Ambani owns DreamWorks Studios: [deleted]. how much Income tax will applied on bitcoin trading profit: Guys I am buying bitcoins from cex.io and transferring those to zebpay and withdraw to inr... making good money.. I herd 70 tax for investing out side Bharat so I am buying money outside India and selling in India.. what taxing rule will be applied to money I will earn using this method... These are the three salutary benefits from demonetisation IMF is talking about. Delhivery IPO ready. Nokia joins hands with IITDelhi to work on analytics and Artifical Intelligence. How to buy Ethereum ETH in India. Kotak does not me let use credit card to deposit money bitcoin trading site..: I was using Kotak CC for depositing money to CEX.IO for bitcoin trading. It was working fine for few weeks but now its get declined. Call centre lady saying it blocked/declined as per RBI rules.. RBI has asked to stop CC payments to bitcoin treading sites... Is this true. Nearly 70 per cent Indian firms likely to deploy AI before 2020 Intel report. Snapshot Of Future Of Jobs In India. India ranked 109th in mobile internet speed 76th fastest for broadband Ookla. Virushka net worth to be Rs 1000 crore in 2 years Brand analyst. Maharashtra Reliance Industries owes over Rs 1900 crore in surcharge dues to MMRDA CM Devendra Fadnavis. Disney to acquire 21st Century Fox Inc which includes Star India: Source https//thewaltdisneycompany.com/waltdisneycompanyacquiretwentyfirstcenturyfoxincspinoffcertainbusinesses524billionstock/ gt Disney will also acquire FX Networks National Geographic Partners Fox Sports Regional Networks Fox Networks Group International Star India and Foxs interests in Hulu Sky plc Tata Sky and Endemol Shine Group. .. gtDisneys international reach would greatly expand through the addition of Sky which serves nearly 23 million households in the UK Ireland Germany Austria and Italy Fox Networks International with more than 350 channels in 170 countries and Star India which operates 69 channels reaching 720 million viewers a month across India and more than 100 other countries. . The stock market boom is changing India Foxconn may add 40000 jobs and more trending news. Disney acquires to acquire 21st Century Fox Inc which includes Star India: [deleted]. What to Look for in a Person While Recruiting HrCrux. GST rate cut not benefiting citizens 15000 cases of MRP violations booked. GST and RERA will increase the foreign Investors in the country. Sensex up 117 points on valuebuying ahead of Gujarat exit polls. Armed Forces in India Hiring Apply Now. 2018 Bajaj Pulsar 150 180 220 Black Pack Edition Launched To Celebrate 1 Crore Sales. Maruti to raise vehicles prices by up to 2 from January. SAIL approves JV with ArcelorMittal for automotive steel. Verizon Data Services India lets go of 14 of its employees. Cryptocurrency/Bitcoin Future of Banking Know Why. Microsoft vies with Amazon Google for 100 billion digital transformation in India. Foxconn plans to invest up to Rs 32000 crore. India Tax Department Raids Cryptocurrency Exchanges. Some questions about Bitcoin in India.: Hey guys. When I was living in the US I made a Coinbase account. Now Im in India and have changed my Coinbase account country to India which means I cannot sell or buy BTC but I can still send/receive BTC. My question now is are there any tax implications/risks if I only receive BTC and never withdraw/sell it but instead spend it by sending it to vendors etc. The same goes for Unocoin and Zebpay. I had a very small amount of money in my Coinbase account which increased by 15x and I ended up spending it on a giftcard. Do I have to report on this gain if I bought the BTC while in the US and can it be traced by the Indian government And what about the scenario if I spent on BTC in India and it increased/I received more and but never sold/withdrew it Thanks. Graduates of Indias second rung Bschools just cant find good jobs. IKEA is preparing to rule Indias retail market for the next 100 years. Graduates of Indias second rung Bschools just cant find good jobs: [deleted]. IKEA is preparing to rule Indias retail market for the next 100 years: [deleted]. Chinas LONGi plans solar equipment manufacturing facility in India. Foxconn the worlds largest contract manufacturer of electronic devices such as iPhones is looking to invest Rs 6000 crore to set up a 200acre plant in the special economic zone SEZ near Mumbai. What are some of the new and innovative investment options which you think will do immensely well in the near future: [removed]. Hindustan Unilever Closes Gap on ITC in Indian Consumer Staples Top 20. Blockchain: http//newsblockchain.net Blockchain news and Cryptocurrency.. Todays horoscope 14 December 2017. Wilful defaulters in RBIs second list may face IBC proceedings. What are Roles of Entrepreneur in Business HrCrux. Hotels restaurants can sell bottled water higher than MRP says Supreme Court. Apple India sales rise 17 to 1.8 billion in 201617. Nation can be secured only when banks and depositors are secured Modi. Legal help on Companys Act 2015 Starting a business: Hey guys According to the Companys act 2015 we dont need paid up capital anymore for a private limited or public limited which is an amendment from Companys act 2013. So lets say I am starting a company private limited with no initial paid up capital then how do you hold or evaluate my current legal value of a share Do they value anything at all If they do not would I have problem asks for raising capital in future It would be nice if someone with a legal or chartered accountant background can help me on this. Thanks in advance. Hotels can charge you more than MRP for bottled water What you should know. Air Deccan set to launch operations eith Re.1 flight ticket. Help in reaching out to Indian artist regarding my Ecommerce startup: Hi I am Aditya Singh founder of GetArt. GetArt is a startup which aspires to be an online marketplace that offers an opportunity for artists to sell their existing artwork in the form of consumer products like wall art comforters tapestries and other items. Our ecommerce website is in the development phase and is due for launch on 1st of January 18 and will be targeting the Indian market as of now though international orders will be also be accepted. We are reaching out to digital artists to collaborate with us. The artists are not required to invest any resources on creating new art but grant us permission to use the existing ones. Though they are most welcome to submit any new creative that they make. This collaboration will include a royalty fees that will be paid every month. The artist will be paid a percentage of revenue for each product that is sold as per the terms of the signed agreement. All artists can also monitor the sales via a third party Shopify vendor payment app. I am not able to figure out how to find artists who would be interested in such kind of deal. I have contacted about 80 artists via mail but only 2 have replied. Is cold mailing not the right approach Any suggestions are welcome I will be very happy to answer any query. If any digital artist is reading this or knows someone who will be interested Kindly revert with your email id and I will mail you the required details. Cheers P.s I have not posted any links to my website as i do not want to make this post look like a self promotional post. I will be happy to provide a link if requested. India Has 8.4 Crore More Workers in Agriculture Than is Economically Feasible. IT dept conducts surveys at Bitcoin exchanges countrywide: [deleted]. Why dont more Indians invest in Stock Market. Income Tax Department of India Conducts a Survey at Major Indian Bitcoin Exchanges. IT department conducts surveys at Bitcoin exchanges countrywide. Reliance Said To Weigh Jio IPO After 31 Billion Wireless Spree. New Volvo XC60 SUV launched at Rs 55.9 lakh. Airtel launches 4G services in Ladakh region offers high speed data services. Jio IPO Reliance said to mull Jio IPO after 31 billion investment. Inflation gathers pace hits 15month high of 4.88 RBI rate cut unlikely even if growth slows say experts. WTO stares at impasse over food procurement issue after US backs out on its promise The Indian Express. Stripe launching in India.. Not surprising eh. India reportedly chooses indigenization over Apples demand for taxfree imports. IKEA is here with a plan to rule Indias retail market for the next 100 years. Stock traders of Randia what are your strategies for the upcoming Gujarat election exit polls and results: I had always assumed that a BJP win is sure thing gt95 probability. But from some of the reactions from both campaigns I think the probability might be slightly lesser i.e. gt70. Which leads me to believe that there might be some punt trades that can be made. Vols will be high nifty should be erratic and some out of money put options might be interesting to play. Or may be Adani company puts. So I had punted for Trump win and had shorted small. Made some money. Wondering if I should do a similar trade. What are your views and plans . End of the Ewallet: It seems to me that most people now have netbanking and a large proportion of those people have now got their own UPI number. Ewallets have to be charged constantly. All ewallets are not valid everywhere. So why wouldnt people use UPI Also now that UPI is integrated in Google tez and even older apps like ICICI Pockets should I bother getting an ewallet from Paytm mobiquik or others Have you deleted or planning to delete your ewallet. Those who missed the Bitcoin train...: ...may now bank upon Bitcoin Cash. https//finance.yahoo.com/video/manboughtbitcoin1now222700951.html. Online Meta Tag generator tool Webomania. Love Cryptocurrency This market expert says move over from Bitcoins and develop our own Indicoin. MercedesBenz Indias top luxury carmaker has had enough of the Modi governments GST tinkering.  . Whats in store for Indias organised retail. India making rapid strides in civil aviation Minister. How AI and robots are eating desperately needed jobs in India. Some advice for Cryptocurrencies.: so I want to buy/trade some cryptocurrencies please help me out. 1. Is koinex good for buying BTC and ETH In India no access to international cards its has buyers fees of 0.25 and from 1 Jan 2018 sellers fees of 0.20 if any other is better than this please recommend. 2. I want to send some of it to Binance for trading in other coins which coin should I send for minimum withdrawal fees. 2 a. Is the withdrawal fees independent of amount like 0.02 XRP 0.3159 INR so If I buy only XRP the send them to Binance then convert it to other coins assuming done at the same time so no fluctuations in the market so I can bypass the high BTC 0.001 BTC 1067.88 INR withdrawal fees 3. Is there any fee for changing one coin to other in the same site without withdrawing in Koinex or Binance What is the fees then 4. Binance doesnt need verification for small amounts withdraw 2BTC per 24h Start from 2017/8/3 1200AM Beijing Time is it safe to just buy some then hold them there amount not exceeding 20k INR 5. With an amount less than 10k20k were should I hold them for long term exchange like koinex binance or wallets at the same time minimizing the transactions for less fees as much as possible. 6. Suggest any other method if any to minimize the transaction fees because my amount is low so transaction fees seems a lot for me 7. Suggest other BTC/ETH buying sites in INDIA with less feesbuying and Trading sites other than KOINEX and BINANCE 8. Best site to monitor trends for Crypto currencies. PS Binance fees https//support.binance.com/hc/enus/articles/115000429332 Koinex fees https//koinex.in/fees My previoius question may help those who are new like me also thanks for the response in this people https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/7e00yv/howtostartinvestinginbitcoin/. Realty firms struggle with record Rs 99000cr unsold inventory: [deleted]. US census bureau will tell you how many Tamil Punjabi Telugu and Bengali are in America. Market Live Sensex gains over 150 pts Nifty above 10300 all sectoral indices up. Market Live Sensex gains over 150 pts Nifty above 10300 all sectoral indices up: [deleted]. Alibaba to Invest 200 Million In India Online Grocer. Market Live Sensex gains over 150 pts Nifty above 10300 all sectoral indices up: [deleted]. Suzukis electric vehicle tieups aim to aid Maruti without the risks. Bank loan growth hits 3year high on base effect shows early signs of revival. Bank loans rose 9.64 percent YoY to Rs 79.62 lakh crore as on November 24 2017 compared to 6.6 percent growth in same period in 2016 and 9.3 percent in 2015: [deleted]. Paying 15 cents more for your Tshirt would help Indian workers earn a living wage. Unitech The fall of a real estate giant. Patanjali to manufacture solar energy equipment. Time to abolish the MRP[old]. Paying 15 cents more for your Tshirt would help Indian workers earn a living wage: [deleted]. Mukesh Ambani Gave An Epic Reply To Airtels Owner Sunil Bharti Mittal For Blaming Jio For Their Losses. FRDI A good law or a scheme to dupe depositors. Bitcoin Price Prediction Competition: Im starting a competition on r/cryptomarketsindia The prize is 1000 Doge. You can join the telegram group [here] https//t.me/cryptomarketsindia Everyone is welcome to discuss everything related to crypto. Share your trading strategies and analysis. . Bitcoin Price Prediction Competition: [removed]. Pay hikes may get fatter in 2018 after trimming of jobs in 2017 Times of India. Thank God I lost 4 lakhs in 3 days on bitcoins: [deleted]. Freelancing Her Way Towards Setting Up Her Own IT Solutions Company Chhavi Firanis Exclusive Interview. A coworking space by women of women for only women. Paytm Payments Bank commits Rs3000 crore for offline banking network. Should Indian outsourcing companies worry about US net neutrality The USs stance on net neutrality can translate into trade policies that determine who gets what access depending on where an IT firm is based or where it creates the most jobs. mrp printing cost Government spares singlebrand retailers from printing MRP. Missed the bitcoin train too . Paytm Payments Bank commits Rs3000 crore for offline banking network: [deleted]. Indias Small Businesses Are Ready To Boom Thanks To Fintech. Should Indian outsourcing companies worry about US net neutrality The USs stance on net neutrality can translate into trade policies that determine who gets what access depending on where an IT firm is based or where it creates the most jobs: [deleted]. Caregiving for elders and senior citizen in India Observations and trends. Southeast Asias RideHailing War Is Being Waged on Motorbikes. The story of two women entrepreneurs giving underprivileged artisans in India an audience. Jio to drive India to become fullgrown 4G power in 2018 Report. Ledger Nano S now available through Amazon Prime: [removed]. Link your LIC policy with Aadhaar PAN online Know the details. Alibaba to Invest 200 Million In India Online Grocer. Fairfax raising up to 1.5 bn afresh to invest in India. What are some of the best/trending small businesses to start in India that are turning a considerable or unexpected profit: vague question I know just interested to read what others think. Is it okay to buy cryptocurrency in India Will it banned: Hi I am thinking of buying cryptocurrency But i have heard that cryptocurrency will soon be banned in India. Is it true If not then which cryptocurrency should i buy Thanks. BTC wallet: I want to invest in BTC but i am confused about which wallet I should use because reviews of all the wallet are bad.Guys please reply which wallet do you use.. Which wallet do you use for cryptocurrency. Why America could miss out big time on Indias fintech revolution: [deleted]. [Quick Question] first time ATM user need a bit help: [deleted]. Akshay Kumar wears Rajiv Bhatias apron to cook for jawans in Fortune Oils latest brand film. Chinese money will not fund dirty Adani mine says embassy. [LPT] If youve always wondered how to begin trading stock but are nervous about investing real money you can invest virtual money to see if it interests you.: The only decent website I found that provided stable support in the Indian market was [MoneyControl]http//moneybhai.moneycontrol.com/ Its free and gives you 1Cr to practice/play with. Pretty fun. Amazon Wholesale India Units Sales Reaches 1.08 Bn In FY 1617. How to make your product into a brand. Product Brand Anurag Aggarwal: [deleted]. Bad loans of Indian banks cross Rs 800000 cr Banking mess explained in 7 charts. The risks and thrill of investing in bitcoins in India While there are multiple risks bitcoin has also given some traders the thrill of earning returns of 1600 in the past year. The risks and thrill of investing in bitcoins in India: [deleted]. 1 BTC 1 Million INR in India. The risks and thrill of investing in bitcoins in India. Meet The 70 Startups That Raised Funding Under Fund Of Funds By AIFs.. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala on ecommerce and retail investing. ELINI Silk Printed Dress. Google Missed Out on China. Can It Flourish in India. Centres decision to make Aadhaar mandatory for property registration a robust move for realtors. Top Android Phones. 1 Bitcoin 10 Lakhs Just crossed this landmark: [removed]. How early should you start investing. Astron Paper IPOUpcoming IPO 2017 Updates. RBI Issues warning against Bitcoin. E Currency Verified Accounts: [removed]. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala on Flipkart and Startup Bubble. Caregiving for elders and senior citizen in India Observations and trends. RBI rationalises charges on debit card transactions. Connected Retail The New World Order: [deleted]. CONNECTED RETAIL THE NEW WORLD ORDER ARE WE READY: [deleted]. Indian startups beg the government for preferential treatment as global giants eat their lunch. Why America could miss out big time on Indias fintech revolution. Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporate film. RBI rationalises charges on debit card transactions. Tata TIGOR Ratan Tata and N Chandrasekaran roll out the first batch of Tata Tigor EVs from Sanand factory. Friends they are coming up with a thing called FRDI bill this winter session which gives power to a government entity to use depositors money to save a bank on the verge of bankruptcy: Read more about it [here]https//www.oneindia.com/india/frdibillcouldmakemoneydepositedbankslesssafe2596635.html. If this becomes law an innocent persons money could be forcibly used to pull out a bank from its financial woes. And we will not be able to do anything about it. We wont even be able to challenge that in court. We need to stop this from happening. Please [sign this petition]https//www.change.org/p/arunjaitleydonotuseinnocentdepositorsmoneytobailinmismanagedbanksnobailin as I have done and do your bit. It also becomes extremely important to divide your money into multiple different banks. As they say dont keep all your eggs or investments in one basket.. Ministry of Finance on Twitter. Googles First investment in an Indian startup invests 12 million in datarich Dunzo: [deleted]. Move over bitcoin These 12 Indian stocks have zoomed up to 638 in 3 months. India says debt rollover risk in next 5 years low. Indias largest markerspace to come up in Hyderabad. Effect of Wrong Advice from Agent. Google Rolls Out TwoWheeler Mode for Maps on Mobile in India. Amazon in Hunt for Lower Prices Recruits Indian Merchants Thousands of Indian sellers have shipped bedding jewelry kitchenware and clothing to Amazon warehouses to serve bargainhunting Americans.. Amazon in Hunt for Lower Prices Recruits Indian Merchants Thousands of Indian sellers have shipped bedding jewelry kitchenware and clothing to Amazon warehouses to serve bargainhunting Americans.: [deleted]. Ramdevs Patanjali to invest Rs 100 cr for manufacturing solar equipment. Yamaha launches an updated version of its superbike YZFR1 at Rs 20.73 lakh. Federal Bank launches savings account sans interest rate. Freedom 251 Smartphone Maker Eyeing Another Startup But Promises Delivery This Time. The curious case of loan writeoffs in India. Payroll Processing in India. GST return filing becomes nightmare for bizmen as GSTN portal causes problems. India slaps Rs 15 mn fine on Monsanto for delays in answering antitrust questions. Google makes first direct investment in India funds hyper local startup Dunzo. Did anyone else receive a tax invoice from PayPal: I have never received one ever but I received one under their new GST tab. I dont know how to go about this. Could someone shed some light upon this. Baba Ramdevs Patanjali to diversify into solar power business. Where can I learn to trade in stock and shares: I am keen in learning how to invest in stocks and shares in India. Id really appreciate a step by step guide/links on how to go about it from setting up an account to learning the ropes on trading etc. . Bharti Airtel buys stake in Juggernaut Books The funding from Airtel will enable Juggernaut to ramp up content acquisition digital marketing and prepare for a subscriptionled offering in the next few months. Did Amazon.in shut down its 24x7 support lines/chat: This used to be their USP 24x7 support. Now chat and phone lines it seems are [no longer available after working hours]https//spee.ch/888f69b059e3636584fececde6cefda6b9e51190/amazon.png The other option is to email them and wait 1224 hours for a reply Is this what happens when you have no competition . As 2G Scam Verdict Draws Near Questions Remain About Anil Ambanis Memory Loss The Wire. HDFC Bank worlds most richly valued lender has an unhappy secret. Two China banks refuse loan to Adanis mine project in Australia says report. Paytm plans to issue 10 lakh Fastags by March next year. Infosys helps Sensex gain strength again Tata Motors rises 2. IBMs India revenue tops 5 billion in FY17. Big Blue IBM now biggest IT services firm in the domestic outsourcing market. UCRNT Fund backs rental startup NestAway in 50 million funding round Times of India. This is longest video yet Enjoy eight hours of Relax My Dog music and watch your dog relax before your eyes. Indian ridehail player Ola just launched its own dockless bikesharing service. Neither Google nor Facebook An Israeli startup is bringing Indias small businesses online. Neither Google nor Facebook An Israeli startup is bringing Indias small businesses online: [deleted]. Indian ridehail player Ola just launched its own dockless bikesharing service: [deleted]. Worlds Most Richly Valued Lender Has an Unhappy Secret. US federal court opens doors to startup visas Times of India. Amazon in hunt for lower prices recruits Indian merchants. How does the CIBIL score work: Okay so I had taken a small loan of Rs. 17000 from a leasing company. They were bifurcated into two parts Rs. 6000 Taken in October and Rs. 11000Taken in November. Their terms were to pay on a monthly basis for 12 months. The repayment turned out to be Rs. 567 and Rs. 1046 respectively including the interest. Within a month of taking these loans I repaid Rs. 6000 back along with the interest. My first EMI for Rs. 11000 has been paid for. Just for fun I wanted to check my score and it showed very low Around 7 but I dont know how this scoring works. Prior to this Ive never taken a loan of any kind. I do not have a credit card nor do I have a bad history or credit. I dont have a stable income so is that the reason for a low score But this doesnt mean Im wont be able to repay the EMI amount. I am comfortable with this regime. I am also thinking of repaying the remaining amount of Rs. 11000 ASAP. I dont know why my score is low can somebody explain it to me . India could lead fourth industrial revolution says Ambani. Indias Richest Man Doesnt Carry Cash Or A Credit Card. Crypto Currency Not Legal In India Says Arun Jaitley. Bitcoin Buy Or Beware BloombergQuint: [deleted]. 50kg free baggage allowance on UAE flights to Indian cities. Interflora eyes Rs 200 crore turnover by FY21. Bitcoin Buy Or Beware BloombergQuint: [deleted]. India to have 1 lakh startups in 78 years says Mohandas Pai. Mukesh Ambani signals the start of a new investment cycle After Jio Mukesh Ambani says he will look at areas such as agriculture education healthcare as the next avenues of growth for Reliance Industries. Online shopper you are being watched. Sharma jis son has invested in Bitcoin have you: Hello India. Have you invested in bitcoin and if yes how did you explain it to your family and do you see a future of bitcoin in India with people in Parliament saying blockchain is a pyramid scheme and RBI releasing regular warnings regarding it. https//www.youtube.com/watchvxsnPD79SFvsampt54s https//www.ndtv.com/business/cryptocurrencynotlegalinindiasaysarunjaitley1782103 Editadded timestamp in yt link. Sharma jis son have invested in Bitcoin have you: [deleted]. 10 income tax rules you need to know to increase takehome salary. At age 7 Hitesh could not walk or talk due to cerebral palsy. TODAY he is global motivational speaker and author. Watch out his secret of success . Abuse and stress Study on Indian BPO workers pulls off mask. As Long as Consumers Gain and Country Moves Forward the Big Boys Should Accept the Losses Mukesh Ambani. New Trending Business Ideas To Be A Successful Entrepreneur. Infosys appoints Salil S. Parekh as CEO and Managing Director. What do I do with my supercash in MobiKwik Please help.. Tata Motors regains third spot from MampM after 5 years. India heading for another record tea output this year. Graphic India raises 5 million from Liquid Comics and others. Salil S. Parekh New CEO and Managing Director of Infosys. Salil S. Parekh appointed CEO of Infosys. Foreign retailers need to work with kirana stores says Suresh Prabhu. If Amazon asks you for your Aadhaar details heres what you need to say. EasytoMake Doggie Cake theres ALWAYS a reason to celebrate your pup. Today on Pet Parent Lifehacks were baking a dogfriendly cake and then serving it up to some lucky shelter dogs for a taste test. Any tips on starting a content publishing company: [deleted]. Now Baba Ramdevs Patanjali FMCG empire has competition from Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. Any tips on starting a content publishing company. Nissan sues India for over Rs. 5000 crore: [deleted]. How to invest in BITCOIN in INDIA for beginners. Whats the situation with water transport in India: I was thinking thisd make for an incredible startup idea. Water freight transport in India seems tragically underutilized and Im not sure if this is because of any situation or existing regulations in place. Do you guys have any idea or any resources to help me read more about this. ScoopWhoop is trimming its news operations as it lays off 14 people. Watch Catching Pet Exotic Pet for Aquarium Video here: [removed]. Trump Tower launched in Kolkata developers aim Rs700 crore in sales. Zomato to withdraw offensive outdoor ad after social media backlash. Wipro faces lawsuit from National Grid US. Indias GDP to double to 5 trillion in next 7 years Mukesh Ambani. Indian companies created 113423 jobs in U.S CII study. CocaCola may fire 200250 executives in India. If Amazon asks you for your Aadhaar details heres what you need to say. Paytm aims to become worlds largest fullservice digital bank Paytm aims to turn into an integrated financial services firm that offers everything from wealth management to share trading. Money has never meant much to me Mukesh Ambani. Nissan sues India over outstanding dues seeks over 770 million. Onion prices rally in Asia as India restricts exports. How RCom Tried To Block An Insolvency Plea By Its Chinese Lenders. Can you hold your laugh while watching this video We bet you will lose this laugh challenge. Anyways what is your favorite video Hope you like this compilation videos. Hey r/India what are your thoughts on the recent bitcoin rise: Are you buying or selling Why or why not Also did anyone make a ton of money out of this Please share you story if you do. Nissan sues India over outstanding dues seeks over 770 million. Nissan sues India over outstanding dues seeks over 770 milllion. Exclusive Nissan sues India over outstanding dues seeks over 770 million. Yahoo Finance YAHOO FINANCE DOUBLES DOWN ON CRYPTOCURRENCY. Why buy a house when you can buy an entire valley . [NP] My ISPs plans in Mumbai. The great Airtel promise This was inevitable and I fear these incidents involving Aadhaar theft/misuse would become more common than our usual Indian thuggery. Whenever I get the chance I try and keep a check on the bank/phone etc accounts of my parents/grandparents/elders more frequently now.. What Is Demat Account Meaning In Hindi. Garment makers fear exports will drop 15 to 14 billion this fiscal Say may lose half the workforce if govt doesnt redress situation. Ajay Devgn to buy 100 single screens in India. Watch and enjoy this funny talking kitty cat video. Nestle fined Rs 62 lakh for excessive ash in Maggi Times of India. Delhi metro fare hike Delhi Metro fare hike to be on auto mode next round likely in January2019.. Air Deccan to fly Udan flights in the northeast from 15 December.. Oil markets on tenterhooks ahead of OPEC meeting in Vienna. Content Marketing ServiceContent Marketing Alwar Gurgaon Websoftindia. Walmart Foundation Walmart Foundation grants 2 mn to support Indian farmers. India targets 3.1 trillion climate investment opportunities by 2030. YSK After every update Airtel app shows a tiny checkbox thats already ticked and says that you agree to opening a Payment banks wallet and its where youd expect the terms and condition checkbox [NP]. Tata Nano reaches end of the road as dealers stop orders. Banking on legislation FRDIs bailin clause may lead to banks refusing to repay their customers/depositors.. This is why the new Royal Enfield deserves your love and respec. Tata Nano electric variant to be launched as Taxi. Modi Is Said to Keep Out 4.7 Billion Debt Before Air India Sale. Bitcoin breaks 10000barrier Know how you can invest in Bitcoin. How do I charge recurring payments as a SaaS startup Ill need to charge something like 9.99/mo in USD.: Stripe is nogo since they dont support India yet. Id rather not pay 500 to incorporate in the US with Stripe Atlas. I expect most my customers to be from abroad.. IFCI files against Reliance Naval and Engineering Ltd. in NCLT: IFCI has filed against Reliance Naval and Engineering Ltd. under the Section 7 of Insolvency amp Bankruptcy Code in National Company Law Tribunal. While the insolvency proceedings against Reliance Communications by Chinese Development Bank has made headlines the news against Reliance Naval and Engineering Ltd. is hushed up worse than a scandal. It is not even rumormongering all the data is publicly available on NCLT website under Interim Orders gt Ahmedabad Bench gt Interim Orders dated 27.11.2017. Every major news agency/channel that was contacted refused to acknowledge it by saying that they arent the right people to call. It is outrageous how it is being swept under the rug.. IFCI files against Reliance Naval and Engineering Ltd. in NCLT: [removed]. Watch this FUNNY Dogs want to sleep with owner video. I think you will enjoy this video.. Burgeoning Debt Continues to Plague Gujarats State Finances The Wire. Top 10 Best Metro Rails In India Best Metro Projects in India. Why cant I perform UPI transactions using a webbrowser: Is the only way to do it to download one of many UPI capable apps It is obviously bankagnostic since BHIM exists then why not have a simple website where I can do all this. Boeing to scale up manufacturing operations workforce in India. Indias startup scene getting gloomy. Funny that the Banks have got away with giving all these bad loans..: [removed]. Publishing an Ebook Now Revealed. Read the fine print Dont fall for cashback deals. An Overview of Startup India Action Plan 2016. Chinese internet and Indian IT. A great stock tip for all the equity traders and investors: I got to know from a friend that Bharti Defense amp Infrastructure Limited has gone bankrupt and Shapoorji Pallonji is buying it. News is already public but there is still time to buy. Small Business Ideas in India. Hyderabad a marvel for ease of doing business says US Ambassador. Bitcoin Price Crosses 9000. There is a completely new kind of flyer to cater to IndiGos Aditya Ghosh. Made in India Kawasakis VersysX 300 is ready to hit the road take a look. Banking on Legislation A law to screw over the ordinary people. Indians flock to Canadian Business Schools and not to the US. A ChinaIndia business workshop: [removed]. Shradha Infra IPOUpcoming IPO in 2017. Bharti Airtel Telcos wrote off up to 50 billion due to Reliance Jio Sunil Mittal. Flipkart Founders of Flipkart Sachin Bansal booked for cheating businessman. Banking on legislation. Sunil Mittal Having such a long free promotional period decided by laws of the land in their favour is unheard of Sunil Mittal. [Old] Tata Motors Sanand plant to touch 100 capacity in a few months Business Standard News. Amazon in Hunt for Lower Prices Recruits Indian Merchants. Bankruptcy Top 5 steel companies in bankruptcy process face Rs 2.09 lakh crore claims. Amazon in Hunt for Lower Prices Recruits Indian Merchants. Thousands of Indian sellers have shipped bedding jewelry kitchenware and clothing to Amazon warehouses to serve bargainhunting Americans.. End of road for cheapest car Dealers stop placing orders for Tata Nano. Billdesk launches Indias first instant Bitcoin exchange: Just launched and offers instant KYC verification and Instant deposits/withdrawals. https//www.coinome.com/ First big player to step into the Indian bitcoin scene . oo. Dealers stop placing orders for Tata Nano. Delhi Metro ridership falls by 3.2 lakh during farehike month. What Happens When India Regulates Bitcoin as Major Remittance Market. 48000 workers die in India due to occupational accidents Shocking statistics amp No government officials and system found. India Top 10 Tips To Become Successful In Equity Market. IKEAs largest 1000seater restaurant in Hyderabad store 10 things to know. kurta kurtis Archives Elini. Whisky business. Billdesk Backed Cryptocurrency Exchange Coinome Launches In India. Paisa Kamao App Make Money By App Install and Earn Now. DIGITAL HEALTH BRIEFING Amazon to enter major healthcare partnership Apple Watch aids in treating depression IBM Watson shows its power in cancer study. Have You Ever Thought What Happens To The Wastage Inside Ambanis Antilia.. Mukesh Ambani is the richest man in India and thats a truth. His sense of business targeted means of implementing matters and the best way he has taken Reliance to new heights continuously catches our fancy.: [deleted]. Bank Cant refuse to take 5001000 note which has been written on it.. Ease of Doing Business India Inc feels doing business in India getting easier but land an issue. Uber to partner with Mahindra to pilot electric vehicles in India. Black Friday sale How can you get orders shipped from Amazon.com to India. OnePlus 5T sold out in 5 minutes on Amazon India to be available again from Nov 28. Channel V will close people are passionate .... Turn Your Business Idea into Reality but Ask These Questions First. HUL will lower prices by 710 in line with GST rate cut CEO Sanjiv Mehta. Ease of doing business impact shows lives of citizens have become better PM Modi Times of India. Railways to invite tenders for electrifying 8000 km every year from next fiscal. Cryptic world Billdesk launches Indias first cryptocurrency exchange. SBI to launch integrated digital banking amp shopping platform. TRAI paves the way for greater consolidation in telecom. Mahindra Ford may extend tieup to make electric vehicles for India. Apple UIDAI NASDAQ among firsttimers at IIT Madras final placements this year. India is said to discuss 6 billion Lotte Peugeot investments. What is laxmi coin Is government of India launching Laxmi coin Beware of scams. [NP] Do apps like PhonePe have a future: With WhatsApp payments round the corner do apps like PhonePe have a future Friend got offered a PM job by PhonePe and Amazon. Should he consider PhonePe. Uniqlo Owner Applies to Open Stores in India Amid Overseas Push. SBI To Roll Out YONO Lifestyle Banking App. Death of customer service in India: [deleted]. India is said to discuss 6 billion Lotte Peugeot investments: [deleted]. IKEA opens first Hej Home in India at Hyderabad. Jio Added 5.9 Million Users in September but Indias Telecom Subscriber Base Declined by 2.9 Million. petroleum coke Smogchoked India is giving the filthiest fuel a tax advantage. A year after the great Indian Demonetization how are digital Wallets doing. The Expert Guide to Affiliate Marketing 1. Mahindra opens Detroits 1st car making plant in 25 years. Jet to scrap first class in Boeing 777 planes to cut costs increase seats. Facebook to introduce digital training and startup training hubs in India. Eyeing jet deal Saab offers full tech transfer to India. Saudis push for ninemonth extension of OPECled oil cut. Mukesh Ambani Vs Anil Ambani Life After The Split. As a freelancer to get GSTIN number should i register myself as tax collector or deductor : also should i give my name where it is asking for legal business name https//reg.gst.gov.in/registration/. As a freelancer to get GSTIN number should i register myself as tax collector or deductor : [deleted]. Tighter Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code coming via ordinance wilful defaulters to be barred from bidding for cos. CHOR BAZAAR The Secret MARKET OF MUMBAI. Facebook aims to train 5 lakh Indians on digital skills by 2020. IKEA opens first Hej HOME in India at Hyderabad. Tether Hacked Best crypto currency wallet in India Importance of Hardware wallets. Two rich educated women among beggars shifted to rehab ahead of Ivankas Hyderabad visit Cops. Income Tax Calculator Software FY 201718.. Life certificate saga Digital India fails Veterans and senior citizen. Moodys upgrade boosts already growing confidence in Indian debt. How did Parachute become one of Indias favourite hair oil brands Ask the rats. IOCL launches electric vehicle charging station in Nagpur. The energy giant has collaborated with Ola for the facility at companyowned fuel station. Boeing to hire 800 direct employees in India over next two years. Star India tuning out of Channel V. Fortis Gurugram case fallout Doctors write to PM Modi requesting urgent intervention. Honda to Roll Out 6 New Cars Over Next 3 Years. Future Group shares spurt as Biyani revamps EasyDay stores. Mahindra opens Detroits 1st car making plant in 25 years. Kishore Biyani unveils plan to make Future Group a trilliondollarrevenue group by 2047. Affiliate Marketing Course in Hindi/Urdu with Proof Inside. Are you serious. SBI manager laughs off RBI directive to banks to Provide Doorstep Banking to Those Above 70: [deleted]. RBI gives directive to banks to Provide Doorstep Banking to Those Above 70 SBI manager just laughs it off: [deleted]. Can Pvt Cos in India issue Convertible Debt/Pref Shares that convert into NonVoting Equity Shares: After the amendment of the Company Act 2013 in 2015 Section 43 and 47 were exempted for Pvt Cos. Fully exempting Pvt Cos from these two sections means that Pvt Cos can issue convertible securities like Ive asked. However the Companies Share Capital and Debentures Rules 2014 state that this capital cant be more than 26 of the total capital and cant be converted from existing equity share capital. Does this have any bearing on my issue of securities. 5 Simple steps to generate Your own UAN Number and Toll free number for UAN.. Saavn pro membership is available for 1 INR. Payment should be made from Paytm. This offer is only available for those who havent bought a pro membership in past. This option is only available on website. I checked the app but I didnt find the option.. Oil Companies enter electric charging biz. 5 Tips for freelancers to succeed on bidding on Tasks. Boeing to hire 800 direct employees in India over next two years. Zomato launches subscriptionbased Zomato Gold in India. Indian Automakers Plant Is Latest Sign of Detroit Comeback. Dear Indian women theres nothing cute about being a financial mess. Shopclues By the numbers The clue is the number zero. Uday Kotak Sees OnceInLifetime India Opportunity. Exhaust Fan. Canaries in the mine warning for markets Let us be under no illusion about the global nature of the asset bubble we are facing. Crypto Whats the scene in India : hello Randia I moonlight as a crypto trader and was just wondering about the crypto scene back home . As in how do you guys trade or buy crypto and is there a local exchange of sorts ... Any crypto aficionados can shed some light on this . looking at arbitrage and wondering if theres potential for this hence the questions. . Paytm Mall launches Mobile Protection Plan.. Bitcoin users of Reddit what do you think will the RBI do with crypto currency. Xiaomi will invest 1 billion in 100 Indian startups over the next 5 years to create an ecosystem of apps around its smartphone brand says CEO Lei Jun. Xiaomi will invest 1 billion in 100 Indian startups over the next 5 years to create an ecosystem of apps around its smartphone brand says CEO Lei Jun: [deleted]. Xiaomi founder Lei Jun India is a bigger priority for us than China: [deleted]. Top 5 Market Sectors To Invest In India.. Govt may exempt crowdfunding from Companies Act. Top 5 Market Sectors To Invest In India.. water tank workshop in jaipur. Bankchain SBI to use blockchain for smart contracts and KYC by next month. Hike By the numbers Size Zero Unicorn. Nandan Nilekani pledges to donate half his wealth to charity. We buy used laptops and desktops at best price visit the link. Xiaomi Will Invest Around 1 Billion in Indian Startups. 100 MB internet for Rs 2 This startup wants to beat Jio at its own game. The Great and Fked up Healthcare Industry [Fortis]. Foreign investors put 2 bn in Indian equities in November. Indias stainless steel production to rise to 3.6 million tonnes by end of 2017. Virgin Hyperloop One to cut MumbaiPune travel time to 20 minutes: [deleted]. Mukesh Ambanis soft online approach may outsmart Amazon and Flipkart. Mukesh Ambanis soft online approach may outsmart Amazon and Flipkart: [deleted]. How to start investing in Bitcoin.: So I want to start investing in Bitcoin Age 23 I already have 2 mutual funds running on 1000 SIP. If you have time please answer these questions or direct me to some links subreddits or forums. 1. What should be my monthly investment I can invest 1000 pm max will it be enough or even profitable in the long run 2. Which sites/apps are trustworthy to invest in 3. How much do these websites take commission and howgenerally 4. Is investing a high amount oncelump sum is better than to monthly invest 1000 assuming there is transaction costs for every deposits per month 5. How easy is to stop or withdraw money back I have SBI savings account will there any penalty or charges 6. Is even investing now that too such a low amount 1k pm profitable or the Bitcoin has peaked 7. Do I have to invest in then regularly or I can start and stop as I wish 8. ZEBPAY is asking for Pan Aadhaar email and bank account is it okay secure to provide them all that Thanks Edit Thanks a ton to all of you I did not expect so many people will help out as you can see I am a full noobie but better late than never. THANKS. You CANNOT charge back for fraudulent goods/services in India: Yesterday someone posted the snapdeal fake watch fiasco and people suggested that we buy using Credit Card so we cab charge back. This doesnt work in India. The only reason chargeback is processed is when transaction it self is fraudulent/duplicate/unprocessed. Also if your charge back is denied youre charged a fee as well. Source https//www.sbicard.com/sbicarden/assets/docs/pdf/formscentral/form1disputeform.pdf. Apple to hunt for talent at IIT Bombay this year Times of India. Techie falls prey to online fraud loses Rs 4.7 lakh. Gone through a bad experience at SBI to get a simple task done. [NP]: One morning I visited my SBI branch to request a document. The first employee I spoke to dint deal with the problems pertaining to my document so she pointed to some other employee. Fine I walk over to this employee who promptly points to some other employee. This pointing game made me move to 4 different employees. Are they so ignorant that they themselves dont know who handles what work within their own branch Or are they just trying to avoid work Anyway I reach the 5th employee at last and explain to this guy that my matter is urgent and I need the document ASAP. To my surprise this guy starts speaking very harshly and loudly and goes on to say things like I wont look into your missing document issue now. I will do it only when I am at leisure. I asked why again he replied with Go to someone else to get your work done I wont do it. I came back home and left a furious complaint on the SBI website and returned to the branch that afternoon and approached a different employee this time One who pointed me to the rude employee. He asked me why I complained on the website and I explained to him the whole ordeal. He replied He is only an accountant they dont know how to speak ignore him. I will do your work. He gives me my document after 2 days and asked me to take the complaint back and to leave a compliment on the SBI website this time. I said okay came back home and opened the SBI website and navigated to the [compliment posting page] https//www.sbi.co.in/portal/web/customercare/compliment but it gives me an [error 404]https//prepaid.onlinesbi.com/Feedback/Appreciation.jsp. Anyway I dropped a compliment letter at the branch the next day. Overall a horrible experience to get a simple task done. SBI website accepts complaints but not compliments. LOL . Applicable to Amazon India and Flipkart too Black Friday Deals are LIES. Comes from an ex Retail Chain Employee. how bitcoin made meh rich: \gt got interested in Bitcoin a year ago \gt created Unocoin account with their promo code \gt got 200 rupees worth of bits for using the promo code \gt hodl \gt hodl \gt hodl \gt checked prices today and those bits are worth 2500 rs \gt that is 1150 growth in one year \gt I am phuking riiiiiich. Believe it or not Cement bag costs Rs 8000 at this border town in Arunachal Pradesh. TIMEX BLINK launch new smart watch in India price starts at Rs 4495. Indian firms have invested 17.9 bn in US employ more than 110000 Americans Report. Bespocut Journey Through British Italy And European: [removed]. Commutation of Pension Humfauji Initiatives. Outfit of the day boysbite.com 10 discount use MYDISCOUNT coupon code. dresswellbro. Problem with India Post shipment anyone have recommendations: So I ordered something from Mumbai with India Post like a month ago or more. The tracking number is RM063217499IN and it said on October 25th that it left Mumbai but I havent gotten an update since then. I tried to find a support number to call but non of the numbers I tried actually worked. Anyone have any ideas of how to fix this Much appreciated. . Ambani May Outsmart Amazon. Completing 8 years of success in business. Bharat 22 ETFs subscription in progress Should you invest. Start Your Own Business Be Your Own Boss With Bespocut: [removed]. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 99: [removed]. How does Unocoin even profit from this. A 62 billion business opportunity is hiding behind Indias toilet troubles. New India Q2 net rises 187. Chinese investors are stealthily pouring money into India. Heard on the street Prescient messages about Indian companies circulate on WhatsApp. Delhi to get Bharat Stage VI clean fuel early in April 2018: [removed]. HDFC Standard Life to make stock market debut tomorrow. BSVI Delhi to get Bharat Stage 6 clean fuel two year early. ICICI Bank and Paytm partner for short term credit for users MediaNamas take. Draping tradition the world of handwoven luxury saris. The Finest Original Fabrics Direct From Europe With Bespocut: [removed]. Idea forcing me to me listen to a 10 second ad before the call rings [rant]: Surely I cant be the only one irritated by this. My dad uses Idea and everytime I call him I have to sit through a 10 second advert abt Ideas great 4g plans BEFORE the ringing starts. Its so annoying that things like this arent properly regulated by trai. Is there something I can do abt this other than asking my dad to port out. . Over 1 Lakh Jobs Created In US By Indian Companies Says Report. Dena Bank to offer cheapest home loan at 8.25 pc. FingerCrossed India One Step Closer to Cracking Down on Bitcoin With New Petition. NRI husband offers 32 lakh rupees to settle dowry case. Now no GST payments on advances received for supplying goods. Decks cleared for first mega CEZ 45 companies may invest Rs 15kcrore in phaseI. Reliance Communications Leaves 3000 Employees Out in the Cold. GST disruptions help Maruti Tata Group and Godrej to gain market share as small firms struggle. Why cant the banks link PAN with Aadhar Details below: Its all over the news that we need to link our Bank accounts with Aadhar numbers and if we fail to do so our bank account would be freezed. Now I dont want to discuss the politics of this A lot of discussion and debate is already happening over this but this is more of a technical doubt it would be great if some one can help me out with this Following are the two premises on which my doubt is based 1 This year while filing for Tax returns we were asked to link our PAN with Aadhaar numbers so I am assuming everyone who filed tax returns have their PAN linked with Aadhar so it means that there is a database somewhere which the banks can use to directly link PAN with Aadhaar. 2 All bank account holders are supposed to provide with their PAN while opening the Account this has been happening for last many years I remember opening my first bank account 11 years ago and the bank people asked me for my PAN So my question is why cant the government give the nationalized and registered banks the access Off course in a secured way to the PANAadhaar data base discussed in Premise 1 above and instead of coercing the good tax payers along with nontax payers in submitting the Aadhaar they can actually in a way reward the former reward here would be just a differential treatment with the tax payers by automatically linking their bank accounts with the Aadhaar because they already have their PAN linked with both Aadhaar and Bank Account . Remove Nail polish in few seconds. Suggest good company name for healthtech company: [deleted]. Need help in setting up cross border payments in Wechat.: Dear Entrepreneur Randians. I am in early stages to start a ecommerce biz primarily focussed on China. I want to integrate Alipay and wechat pay on my platform as these two are dominant players there but it is near impossible to open a bank account in China which is a pre requisite to accept Wechat or Alipay payments. Ive had great deal of problems with Paypal before and it seems that either the Chinese dont use it or it doesnt work there. Anybody experienced in wechat pay or alipay would like to suggest something How do you move money across the border to india What methods do you use i.e. payment processors etc. How do you go around wechatpay or alipays high revenue requirement to setup payments . Automation to kill 70 of IT jobs. Delhis Khan Market is worlds 24th most expensive retail location. Kawasaki Versys 650 launched in India at a starting price of Rs 6.5 lakh. The Third Largest US Pizza Chain is Here to Give Competition to Dominos in India. Sharika Enterprise IPOUpcoming IPO 2017. One in 10 of the worlds smartphones are sold in India. Apple Inc has agreed to give limited help to the Indian government to develop an antispam mobile application for its iOS platform after refusing to do so based on privacy concerns.. Savile Row Street London To Your Wardrobe: [removed]. Commercial DocumentCertificate Attestation from Iran Embassy. Where are you in Indias wealth distribution. Amazon doubles war chest to 4.74 billion to take on Flipkart. Jeff Bezos bets on India Amazon invests Rs 2900 crore more in Indian business. Reliance Jio After changing telecoms face forever Jio now sets sights on a grand entry in ecommerce. Here comes a truckload of Amazon money Rs 2900 crore. Bengal finally wins the battle over rosogolla on World Diabetes Day. RBI Says A Big No To Bitcoins In India But Open To Use Blockchain In Future: [deleted]. Vodafone RED Postpaid Plans Rs 499 Vs Rs 699 Vs Rs 999. Sony Picks Up World Rights to Akshay Kumars PadMan. Fashion Firm Voonik CEO Squashes Reports About Deferment Of Salaries. Indias taxi wars may be headed for a truce thanks to Softbank. Exemption to liquor vends on highways in municipalities applies to entire country SC. Chinese appetite for Indian brands hits new high in annual shopping festival Times of India. Whats the point of having a Life Insurance: [deleted]. Grow Your Business With Bespocut: [removed]. Debjani Ghosh 30 years after it was set up Nasscom will finally have a woman representing Indias IT sector. Airtel Special Recharge Offer 300 GB Data Unlimited Calls For 360 Days. ELI5 ELSS and SIP: I have read a lot about them. But none of the sites I went through gave me the information I needed. Can people familiar with finance ELI5 what they are and how to invest in these. Tips on office wear how to dress smart . Envoy India in talks with Iran to expand banking cooperation. Why google is actively advertising their products on TV newspaper and even on signboards in my city They already have a biggest market share for their services then why advertise. An Updated List of My Personal Brand Hit List Or Businesses Ill Continue Buying Again and Again From. Request Others to Contribute: 1. Amazon I have been really impressed with their service. They are one of the few companies who dont feel like they are doing a favour to their customers. 2. Boat I have been using their headphones/speakers for almost 2 years now. The quality is good at decent prices and their customer care is also good. The experience of replacing headphones under warranty was a piece of cake althouth I didnt have huge expectations from them. 3. Honda 4. Cult.fit Got their membership and it has been a very good decisions so far. Their facilities are clean. Trainers are really good. Offer a variety of workouts in their packs and are professional. 5. Vodafone Their network has been reliable wherever I have visited. Customer care is better than others and have good plans. Will add more later.. IndiaUS relationship goes beyond mutual interest PM Modi. PSA Heres an Indian financial magazine you must subscribe to if youre clueless about finance: www.moneylife.in Ive seen here that people lack knowledge about personal finance topics such as taxation stocks and insurance etc. specially in Indian context. I have been reading moneylife for the past year and I feel I have gained tons of information about how financial products work in India even after being a CA. Its founder is Sucheta Dalal the award winning journalist who broke the Harshad Mehta scam. Would be great if somehow they do an AMA too.. Paytm may acquire startups Nearbuy and Little will offer hyperlocal deals Report. After Jio telecom rivals also set to dial ecommerce freebies for growth. An Updated List of My Personal Brand Shit List Or Businesses Ill Never Buy Again From. Request Others to Contribute: The last few months Ive been burned too many times by too many businesses and brands. I dont know why but suddenly customer service and basic quality seem to have gone out the window. So Ive been asking my friends to tell me about some of their shitty experiences. Ive got an informal shit list of brands/products/businesses Ill avoid at all costs. Heres are some picks PepperFry Sold me a dining table that broke in less than 6 months. Took a total of 21 calls I counted and over a month to get them to issue a refund. Absolutely unresponsive customer service. PVR Cinemas Where do I begin from starting shows 20 minutes late AND showing 20 minutes of ads to inflated prices. What made me swear off the brand altogether was an experience last week. The audio in the movie didnt work. Theater staff took 30 minutes to rectify the issue while the movie kept playing was completely unapologetic rude and arrogant even telling the people that such issues are part and parcel. At least 25 people walked out. Got a refund thankfully MIVI Bought a pair of Bluetooth earphones. Stopped working after 2 weeks. Asked for a refund. They arranged a pickup. Pickup guy wont come to my address asked me to come to his wtf. Incompetent customer service has no clue what to do. Indigo Airlines Canceled my flight from Lucknow only notifying me via email 5 hours earlier. Took me a whole hour to reach their customer service literally kept me on hold for 48 minutes. Said that the only flight they can book me on would be 2 days later and I would have to figure out accommodation myself. Ended up flying to Kolkata and catching a flight to Delhi from there. Airtel Fucking Chortel kept inflating my internet usage. Wouldnt transition me automatically to their new much lower prices. Took forever to cancel my connection. And the motherfuckers now have the gall to send me bills for a number I never ever owned and which isnt even registered under my name. Indian Railways Shatabdi Trains Shitty ugly and filthy trains. Food that gave me an upset stomach all 2 times I actually ate it fool me once.... With dynamic prices fares can be as high as Rs. 1k for DelhiJaipur route. . ALTBalaji reports Rs 1.2 crores in revenues Rs 18.1 Cr loss for Q2FY18. 500 LinkedIn Connections amp Endorsements all thanks to Devumi. Directly from streets of London to your wardrobe: [removed]. Reliance Jio looks to refinance 1.5 billion overseas debt. COAI wants Trai to check if cash back offers with recharges flout rules. American Tower Corp buys tower assets of Vodafone India Idea for Rs. 7850 cr. Zomato is bad at moderation and they really dont care about neutrality. The restaurant still has 90 fakre reviews.. Of the qualities valued by hiring managers intelligence ranks near the bottom. No Islamic banking in India RBI says equal opportunities available to all citizens. Ease of doing business Ranking of states likely in January. Indian IT union in Karnataka recognized but companies say it will fizzle out. AirAsia India offers base fare at Rs99 for domestic travel. Wipro Consumer Care to invest in Happily Unmarried. Bitcoin Cash increases 160 in 7 days How to invest Ethereum Classic value going up. August surplus clinched GST rate cut talks on for shift to tworate regime The Times of India. Understanding KYC eKYC and CKYC. List of Patanjali products that are subjected to Detention without Physical Examination DWPE under Import Alert a.k.a. Red List by USFDA: So I have compiled a list that are red listed by USFDA from Patanjali Ayurved and Divya Pharmacya trust of Patanjali. Find the tldr list of products if you wabba skip but I recommend reading the notes. So what is DWPE gtWhen evidence exists for the marketing or promotion of unapproved drugs to individuals residing in the United States the products should be considered for detention without physical examination. gtUnapproved drugs present serious safety and effectiveness concerns. gtWhen evidence exists for the marketing or promotion of unapproved drugs to individuals residing in the United States the products should be considered for detention without physical examination. gtEvidence of marketing or promotion may consist of information contained in solicitations for mail orders press releases internet websites advertising materials label indications of US patents or patent applications or other public announcements directed to persons residing in the U.S. Link1. https//www.accessdata.fda.gov/cmsia/importalert190.html Link2. https//www.accessdata.fda.gov/cmsia/importalert741.html ampnbsp 03 A 03 Biscuits Date Published 11/01/2016 DescChyawanprash with Saffron NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Chyawanprash useful in cough bronchial asthma geriatric disorders loss of appetite loss of memory disorders of the nose and throat. ampnbsp 20 D 16 Star Gooseberry Juice Berry Juice or Concentrates Date Published 11/01/2016 DescAmla Juice NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Amla Juice useful for immunodeficiency hyperacidity eye skin diseases and delays aging. ampnbsp 21 C 99 Mixed Fruit Jam Jelly Preserves Marmalade Butter or Candied N.E.C. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescPatanjali Pachak Hing Peda NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Pachak Hing Peda useful in indigestion anorexia amp flatulence. ampnbsp 21 C 99 Mixed Fruit Jam Jelly Preserves Marmalade Butter or Candied N.E.C. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescChyawanprash with Saffron NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such asChyawanprash useful in cough bronchial asthma geriatric disorders loss of appetite loss of memory disorders of the nose and throat. ampnbsp 21 V 34 Amla Subtropical and Tropical Fruit Juices Milk Creme Drinks and Nectars Date Published 05/09/2017 DescKarela Amla Juice ampnbsp 28 C 99 Natural Extract or Flavor N.E.C. Date Published 07/10/2017 DescPackak Hing Peda ampnbsp 53 I 01 Dentifrices Aerosol Liquid Toothpastes Toothpowders without Fluoride Oral Hygiene Products Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 53 I 99 Other Oral Hygiene Products without Fluoride N.E.C. Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 53 J 99 Other Personal Cleanliness Products not Antiperspirant N.E.C. Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 54 F 99 Herbals amp Botanicals not Teas N.E.C. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescAmla Juice NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Amla Juice useful for immunodeficiency hyperacidity eye skin diseases and delays aging. ampnbsp 54 F 99 Herbals amp Botanicals not Teas N.E.C. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescPatanjali Pachak Hing Peda NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Pachak Hing Peda useful in indigestion anorexia amp flatulence. ampnbsp 54 F 99 Herbals amp Botanicals not Teas N.E.C. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescChyawanprash with Saffron NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Chyawanprash useful in cough bronchial asthma geriatric disorders loss of appetite loss of memory disorders of the nose and throat. ampnbsp 54 F 99 Herbals amp Botanicals not Teas N.E.C. Date Published 08/25/2017 DescCHYAWANPRASH NotesDisease claims made on product labeling. ampnbsp 60 L 99 Analgesic N.E.C. Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 60 L 99 Analgesic N.E.C. Date Published 11/10/2015 DescPatanjali Balm NotesThere are drug/medical claims on the product label. ampnbsp 63 R 04 Sodium Fluoride Dental Caries Prophylactic Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 63 R 05 Sodium Monofluorophosphate Dental Caries Prophylactic Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 63 R 06 Stannous Fluoride Dental Caries Prophylactic Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 63 R 99 Dental Caries Prophylactic N.E.C. Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 63 S 99 Dental Protectant N.E.C. Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 63 T 99 Dental Restoration Agent N.E.C. Date Published 11/12/2015 DescPatanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 64 T 99 Immunosuppress N.E.C. Date Published 05/09/2017 DescKarela Amla Juice ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 11/10/2015 DescPatanjali Balm NotesThere are drug/medical claims on the product label. ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescPatanjali Pachak Hing Peda NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Pachak Hing Peda useful in indigestion anorexia amp flatulence. ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 05/09/2017 DescKarela Amla Juice ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 11/01/2016 DescAmla Juice NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling includes claims such as Amla Juice useful for immunodeficiency hyperacidity eye skin diseases and delays aging. ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 08/25/2017 DescCHYAWANPRASH NotesDisease claims made on product labeling. ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 07/10/2017 DescPackak Hing Peda ampnbsp 33 C 99 Hard Candy with Fruit N.E.C. without Chocolate Date Published 02/10/2012 DescBel Candy NotesNOTE Bel Candy is being promoted for treatment of diarrhea dysentery diseases and jaundice India ampnbsp 53 I 01 Dentifrices Aerosol Liquid Toothpastes Toothpowders without Fluoride Oral Hygiene Products Date Published 12/17/2010 DescDant Kanti Dental Cream NotesIndia ampnbsp 53 I 01 Dentifrices Aerosol Liquid Toothpastes Toothpowders without Fluoride Oral Hygiene Products Date Published 09/04/2013 DescPatanajali Herbal Tooth Paste ampnbsp 53 I 99 Other Oral Hygiene Products without Fluoride N.E.C. Date Published 12/17/2010 DescDant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 53 J 01 Bath Soaps and Detergents not Antiperspirant Personal Cleanliness Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 53 J 99 Other Personal Cleanliness Products not Antiperspirant N.E.C. Date Published 09/04/2013 DescPatanajali Herbal Tooth Paste ampnbsp 53 J 99 Other Personal Cleanliness Products not Antiperspirant N.E.C. Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 53 L Skin Care Prep Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 63 R 05 Sodium Monofluorophosphate Dental Caries Prophylactic Date Published 09/04/2013 DescPatanajali Herbal Tooth Paste ampnbsp 63 R 99 Dental Caries Prophylactic N.E.C. Date Published 12/17/2010 DescDant Kanti Dental Cream NotesIndia ampnbsp 63 S 99 Dental Protectant N.E.C. Date Published 12/17/2010 DescDant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 63 T 99 Dental Restoration Agent N.E.C. Date Published 12/17/2010 DescDant Kanti Dental Cream ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 53 J 01 Bath Soaps and Detergents not Antiperspirant Personal Cleanliness Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 53 J 99 Other Personal Cleanliness Products not Antiperspirant N.E.C. Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 53 L Skin Care Prep Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 05/31/2017 DescPatanjali Aloe Vera Gel NotesThe product appears to be an unapproved new drug as the product labeling and website include claims such as label Instant solution for pimples Uses removes dark spots patanjaliayurved.net Aloe Vera plants have medicinal properties and hence are widely used in treating the burns cuts insect bites and several other skin ailments. This is one product that you must keep in your house so that you can easily treat the kitchen burns and other injuries without wasting time ampnbsp 54 Vit/Min/Prot/Unconv DietHuman/Animal Date Published 04/06/2015 NotesProduct Description /Product Codes All dietary supplements Notes FDA inspection found serious deviations of the cGMP. ampnbsp Divya Pharmacy Date Published 02/10/2012 A 1 Industrial Area Plot No Hardwar Uttarakhand INDIA 54 F 99 Herbals amp Botanicals not Teas N.E.C. Date Published 02/10/2012 Desc Herbal Supplement NotesNOTE ChawanPrash Herbal Supplement is being promoted for treatment of cough cold and general debility India ampnbsp 60 L 99 Analgesic N.E.C. Date Published 10/23/2015 DescDivya Peedantak Taila Oil ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 02/10/2012 DescChawanPrashHerbal Supplement NotesNOTE ChawanPrash Herbal Supplement is being promoted for treatment of cough cold and general debility India ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 10/23/2015 DescDivya Peedantak Taila Oil ampnbsp Divya Pharmacy Yog Date Published 02/10/2012 Mandir Hardwar Uttaranchal INDIA 54 F 99 Herbals amp Botanicals not Teas N.E.C. Date Published 02/10/2012 DescChawanPrashHerbal Supplement NotesNOTE ChawanPrash Herbal Supplement is being promoted for treatment of cough cold and general debility India ampnbsp 66 V 99 Miscellaneous Patent Medicines Etc. Date Published 02/10/2012 DescChawanPrashHerbal Supplement NotesNOTE ChawanPrash Herbal Supplement is being promoted for treatment of cough cold and general debility India Tldr at a glance Red listed products from Patanjali Ayurved Limited Chyawanprash with Saffron Amla Juice Pachak Hing Peda Karela Amla Juice Patanjali Dant Kanti Dental Cream Patanjali Balm Bel Candy Aloe Vera Gel Red listed products from Divya Pharmacy ChawanPrash Divya Peedantak Taila Oil Interestingly Patanjalis site https//patanjaliayurved.org/globalpresence.html says Organization is registered with US FDA Edit If you go through the link you can see other Indian brands are listed there as well but why Im blaming particularly Patanjali is because of their WorldClass products claim. None of their products are tested by USFDA yet and also they failed our own FSSAI test at some point. . GST payment help please for September when is the last date: There was a mistake while submitting the GSTR3B for the month of September for my company. The CGST and SGST worked out to be around Rs 120000 each. However I dont know how the value that got submitted was CGST 1200000 SGST 120000. Basically an extra zero for CGST. Now the total tax for that month has shot up because of this. I tried everywhere on the site but cant find any option to change this. I was sure I entered the correct amount 120000 but it submitted with an additional zero for CGST alone and now is stuck at this. Now I am in a mess here as I cannot even make the payment for the month. As per the system I have to transfer the balance amount to the ledger and then offset the actual tax but how will I pay almost 11 lakhs more due to some error Will when is the last date allowed for payment if it isnt passed yet and how to change this figure Also Till not July return itself is not processed does this mean September payment still has time Otherwise if the date is passed the fine is heavy I think Any advice is welcome thanks . India ecommerce market 33 Billion all year in 2017 compared to China 18 Billion Singles Day sales in just 12 hrs 1.1 Trillion all year in 2017: Indias ecommerce market is estimated to be USD 33 billion in the financial year 2017 he said quoting industry body NASSCOMs latest estimates. In the 201617 fiscal the online market had grown by 19 per cent Minister of State for Consumer Affairs C R Chaudhary said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha. [Indias ecommerce market to touch 33 billion this fiscal Government]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/services/retail/indiasecommercemarkettotouch33billionthisfiscalgovernment/articleshow/59808900.cms Alibaba the Chinese ecommerce giant said its Singles Day sales surged past last years total just after midday Saturday hitting a record 18 billion pointing to a likely giant haul for the worlds biggest shopping event. [China shopping festival smashes record at halfway mark]http//www.reuters.com/article/ussinglesdayalibaba/chinashoppingfestivalsmashesrecordathalfwaymarkidUSKBN1DA1C0 [Alibaba breaks Singles Day record racking up 18 billion in sales in just 12 hours]https//techcrunch.com/2017/11/10/alibabahitsnearly18billioninsinglesdayordersin12hoursalreadysurpassing2016sales/ Ecommerce sales in China are expected to pass 1.132 trillion in 2017 accounting for nearly half of the worldwide retail ecommerce sales according to eMarketer. China is the worlds largest ecommerce market with a significant lead on other markets including the US 450.81bn UK 110.07bn and Japan 95.33bn. [Chinas ecommerce market to pass 1.1tn in 2017]http//www.thedrum.com/news/2017/07/05/chinasecommercemarketpass11tn2017. India ecommerce market 33 Billion all year in 2017 compared to China 18 Billion Singles Day sales in just 12 hrs 1.1 Trillion all year in 2017: [deleted]. India ecommerce market 33 Billion all year in 2017 compared to China 18 Billion Singles Day sales in just 12 hrs 1.1 Trillion all year in 2017: [deleted]. Indias industrial output grows 3.8 percent in September government. 211 Items where GST Council has Reduced GST Rates from 28 to 18. Will bank recapitalisation fix NPAs. China ecommerce 18 Billion Singles Day sales in 24 hrs. India ecommerce market 33 Billion all year in 2017: Alibaba the Chinese ecommerce giant said its Singles Day sales surged past last years total just after midday Saturday hitting a record 18 billion pointing to a likely giant haul for the worlds biggest shopping event. http//www.reuters.com/article/ussinglesdayalibaba/chinashoppingfestivalsmashesrecordathalfwaymarkidUSKBN1DA1C0 Indias ecommerce market is estimated to be USD 33 billion in the financial year 2017 he said quoting industry body NASSCOMs latest estimates. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/services/retail/indiasecommercemarkettotouch33billionthisfiscalgovernment/articleshow/59808900.cms. Rate of adoption of financial technologies in India exceeds global average. Samsung pushed to No. 3 slot in premium phones loses to Apple and One plus. Tata Sons to invest over Rs. 36000 crore in Tata Teleservices. What demonetization Here are 10 things that you can still buy with 10 in 2017. INDIANBTC.com: [removed]. Musical.ly Acquired In Deal Worth Up To 1 Billion By A Chinese Group. RIL to foray into cobranded apparel business with RElan. Jewelers Are Still Struggling a Year After Indias Cash Ban. GST Only 50 items to face 28 GST tax rate Here are all the details. GST Only 50 items to face 28 GST tax rate Here are all the details: [deleted]. GST Council cuts taxes on about 175 items from 28 only 50 luxury and sin goods like tobacco to remain in highest slab. I am yet to understand GST even tax experts traders cant understand it MP Food Minister. Jio announces triple cashback offer for Jio Prime members. Jio Offers Up to Rs. 2599 Benefits on Recharges of Rs. 399 and Above. Give doorstep banking to seniors RBI. Flipkart to launch its own smartphone under the Billion brand The Flipkart smartphone called Billion Capture will be priced at Rs10999 for the 32GB model and at Rs12999 for the 64GB model and will launch on 15 November. Flipkart to launch its own smartphone under the Billion brand The Flipkart smartphone called Billion Capture will be priced at Rs10999 for the 32GB model and at Rs12999 for the 64GB model and will launch on 15 November: [deleted]. The Twin Balance Sheet Problem TBS How can Indian Economy Avoid a Crisis. Banks have started providing APIs for OTP in online payments now.. A better Cryptocurrency exchange for a better India www.coindelta.com: [removed]. Things I learned about how people park their money in Offshore accounts: [deleted]. New Ford EcoSport launched at Rs 7.31 lakh. Jaguar helps parent Tata Motors post biggest profit jump in six quarters. Indian Dairy Industry 2017 Key Players GCMMF Amul KMF Mother Dairy TN Cooperative Saras and Hatsun Agro Product Ltd.. Airtel Reliance Jio among firms keen on buying RCom stake assets. HDFC Standard Life IPO subscribed 1.43 times so far on last day. Top 5 local languages any business targeting India must crack. Paradise Papers Ranjan Pai of Sikkim Manipal University used offshore vehicles to fuel credit. Paradise Papers From Mauritius to Malta GMR set up web of 28 offshore firms to drive expansion. Public Provident Fund PPF The silent wealth creator in India. TCS Mega Campus In Mumbai To Have 30000 Employees. Exclusive This is the Flipkarts Billion Capture Smartphone with DualCameras. Global diamond traders head to India. India Houses 219000 Millionaires Whose Combined Wealth is 877 Billion Report: [deleted]. BSchool Selector FREE TOOL:  BSchool Selector Worried about selecting right BSchool according to your profile. I have found an FREE TOOL called BSchool Selector BSchool selector is an intelligent BSchools shortlisting tool designed by a team of expert consultants graduated from Ivy League BSchools. This tool provides the list of BSchools where you have fair chances of getting an admission based on certain parameters like GMAT Score Work Experience International Work Experience and Academic Scores. CLICK ON THE LINK https//www.genedmba.com/bschoolselector/keyc7isW3Iofx. GSTNThe Pain of doing Business in India. Part 3. After 12th interested students can do this courses to become a Lawyer. From an overweight nerd to a CEO at a successful startup. India may launch its crypto currency named Lakshmi. Sharone Perlstein about the role of Microfinancing in building a new business. Ola Microsoft tie up to build a new connected car platform. Punjab amp Sind Bank cuts MCLR by up to 0.10 for select tenors. First Anniversary Of 2016 Indian Banknote Demonetisation How Auto Sales Changed In One Year. Payroll Consultants Dkm Online. Amazons audio biz Audible to soon launch in India. Telecom companies fight now spills over to the broadband space: [deleted]. Is there a p2p lending website that allows people who are not from India to lend money to the borrowers in India: I see that there are quite some but they all require residency of India. How do Instagram pages earn money reality Exposed . Blume Ventures Eyes More Startups With Its Soon To Be Launched 80100 Million Fund. Basics of Setting up a Business in India Policies amp Procedures. Sanghvi Brands IPOUpcoming IPO in 2017. What is Paradise Papers Who leaked it And Which Top Indians Name Came In Paradise Papers. Flipkart Grocery launched in Bengaluru after Nearbuy failure. Youth and Startups How to execute your dream projects in the most efficient ways. Samsung Galaxy S7 available for Rs 5090 on Flipkart but its an offer you should refuse. Honorary Consuls in India. Tuesday day trend for your wardrobe. For more styles and comfort outfits check us boysbite.com. Apple iPhone X selling at over Rs 1.7 lakh on eBay Indias website. Valic trims Flipkart valuation to 7.9 billion. Sellers are protesting against Amazon Indias returns policy by pulling back ads. How Xiaomi is winning over Indias booming smartphone market. In a first Apple comes to Hyderabads IIIT for campus placement. Paytm brings messaging features to Indias top digital wallet app. Walmart India to open 30 stores in next 3 years. ratan tata Israeli media says Ratan Tata testified in Netanyahu graft probe Tata office says report incorrect The Economic Times. HDFC Life IPO opens tomorrow 8 key things about HDFC groups 1st public offer in 22 years. Enforcement Directorate quizzes TSeries Saregama honchos. YRFs Aditya Chopra summoned to agencys Mumbai office on November 9. Nov 06 2017 1248 PM IST IST Source Moneycontrol.com Paradise Papers LIVE MoS Jayant Sinha says no transactions done for personal purpose. Paradise Papers live updates 714 Indians including MPs Bollywood stars named in global list. How To Link Aadhaar Card With SBI Account Online. Indias antitrust watchdog approves DLFs Rs 8900 cr deal with GIC. Airtel offers 70GB data voice calls for 70 days at Rs 448 to counter Jios Rs 399 plan. Golmaal Again crosses Rs 200cr mark in just 15 days. First time ever Apple is coming for campus placement in India here is the college tech giant has selected. 714 Indians in Paradise Papers for skirting taxes Times of India. Paradise Papers Biggest data leak reveals trails of Indian corporates in global secret tax havens. Paradise Papers Qatar firm invested in coaching giant FIITJEE via Mauritius. Paradise Papers Electrical appliances major Havells set up offshore firms to push expansion. Paradise Papers throw more questions for Vijay Mallya How did Diageo waive 1.5billion debt. Paradise Papers Names out in open other Indians in the list. Paradise Papers MoS Jayant Sinhas links with Omidyar in Appleby files. iPhone X being sold for Rs 150000 on OLX check shocking details. Best Indian Bitcoin Exchanges to Buy Bitcoin in India. Air India to sell 2 properties to SBI may fetch Rs 50 crore. Less Than Half of Indias New MBA Graduates Are Getting Jobs The Wire. GST Rs 2 lakh crore working capital of businesses stuck with government. ITC PepsiCo Hershey line up big investments in India. layoffs Middlelevel telecom employees should be the most worried. China and the US race to become worlds first AI superpower where does it leave India. [Rant] Why I have little sympathy for small businessmen in India: This is mainly a tirade against small retailers generalized to small businessmen. Contains a lot of generalizations which could be argued against but since this is a rant fuck impeccable logic. Small businessmen in India are crooks. They have no concept of ethics or customer service let alone stuff like customer experience. Even in this day and age where we have big brand corporate stores setting the bar these small traders dont do much to meet this bar and hope that theyll not magically vanish into extinction. So when they cry in newspapers about compliance burdens of GST etc I have little sympathy for them. I have a confectionery shop near my home I used to buy milk from. These guys are brusque to the point of coming off as rude. They charge 19 for an 18 packet of milk. And even when you buy two of them and offer 50 theyll give you back 10 and start tending to the next customer. I acknowledge that margins on these products can be razor thin and not cover costs of refrigeration etc so I dont care about paying the extra rupee. What puts me off is that even the remaining 2 is swallowed by them as some form of entitlement and if you ask they give you 2 worth of toffees and make it seem like theyre doing you a favor. If you ask for coins they reply with a rude dont have. Compare this to the grocery store another 500 metres away. They have a huge selection of products. Even if you buy just milk youll be billed the MRP. The cashier at the counter made a genuine effort to find me coins for the change. I dont care about a rupee or two in coins the change in attitude is all I need. If you want to pay by card they wont have a stupid policy of having a minimum transaction amount for cards. They give you a GST invoice and have a clearly specified exchange policy. And this is not a branded corporate store. This is a local store that decided to adopt the standards and policy of corporate stores. As a result I go to buy two packets of milk I end up buying 500 worth of fruits toiletries etc. The small businessman lost this much business for a couple of toffees and more importantly his attitude. There are so many more examples. The street hawker whom I was buying flowers from on Diwali who was under the impression that people would be in panic buy mode on the day of the festival and tried to pass me off duds for flowers the furniture dealer who offloaded us scratched furniture but since it was branded we lodged a complaint and got it replaced the utensils shop that sold my dad an aluminium cooker when he clearly asked for a steel one and later pretended that never happened when we went for an exchange... With restaurants and cafes I see a significant difference in attitude in ones in bigger cities covered by Zomato and ones in smaller cities where it is not yet available. Indian businessmen need to start taking cognizance of the fact that free market and technology will threaten their sustainability within the next 20 years like nothing they have seen before. Stuff like ratings reviews and options that are right now available to privileged people in large urban areas will rapidly become accessible to common people in the average Indian town. They need to innovate or theyll perish.. This 26YearOld Is Using Mushroom Cultivation to Bring Livelihood Opportunities to Uttarakhand. In a first Apple set to scout Indian college for techies: [deleted]. Business takes a hit as excess GST paid gets locked with government Times of India. Reforms worked India has jumped 30 places to rank 100th in the World Banks ease of doing business ranking. How an unclenephew duo stole 50 million litres oil from the countrys largest onshore fields. Ford Amazon tie up to sell new EcoSport online. PayPal India Pay Launching This Week Can It Stand Out. Indigo PV Sindhu hits out at IndiGo calls ground staff rude inappropriate. GST OFFLINE UTILITY. China and the US race to become worlds first AI superpower where does it leave India: [deleted]. All you need to know about Zomato Gold the latest rollout in Indian food tech: [deleted]. Expect Populist Policies In Budget Ahead Of 2019 Polls Says Anil Ahuja. NPA provisioning effect Union Bank UCO in red PNB net sees rise in Q2. Check out our top steps for launching your data career: [removed]. ITC PepsiCo Hershey line up big investments in India. Process to Send/Request the Money while Chatting on PaytmINBOX. Amazon sellers take on the company against lack of action plans on returned products. How Xiaomi is winning over Indias booming smartphone market. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella to visit India next week: [deleted]. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella to visit India next week: [deleted]. Think India Cant Make Kickass Video Games These Developers Will Prove You Wrong. Mukesh Ambani Become the richest person in Asia by Overtaking this Chinese Business Tycoon. Indias Fastest Growing Business Opportunity With Bespocut: [removed]. Mumbai Man peddling gutkha abducted robbed two held. The police have written to the Maharashtra Food and Drugs Authority and handed over the seized gutkha to them. Sale manufacture and storage of gutkha pan masala and other forms of chewing tobacco were banned in Maharashtra in 2012.. Court dismisses complaint against Rs 2 lakh mobile bill. Backlash Against Chinese Products Ramps Up in India. From Flipkarts to Ola Indias homegrown internet startups are ganging up against foreign rivals. After MCLR cut SBI revises fixed deposit rates by 25 basis points. Indias Paytm wallet app places big bet on messaging. Best Term Life Insurance Plan in India A Rapid Comparision. Earlystage startup funding slumps to a threeyear low. Ask corporate borrowers to obtain Legal Entity Identifier code RBI tells banks. How to check PAN Card Status. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella to visit India next week: [deleted]. 5 tips for buying term life Insurance. taxi cab service in jaipur. IKEA goes big on India with Gurgaon land buy heres what it plans to do. PPF accounts to be closed interest lowered to 4 per cent if you become an NRI. Mukesh Ambani Mukesh Ambani becomes Asias richest person overtakes Chinas Hui Ka Yan. Blue Broad Check Blazer At Bespocut: [removed]. We Buy Used Servers Computers Laptops HP Apple Dell IBM. Fast process same day payment.. LPG prices hiked by Rs. 93 Fuel Price by 2. The reality of doing business in India The de jure rules of business that are captured by World Banks Doing Business reports can differ significantly from reality. Computer courses in India. Airtel to invest Rs 25000 crore in capex this fiscal. Roadrunner support number 18557852511 Roadrunner email help. Google Google Mumbai data centre goes live Telecom News ET Telecom. Mumbai Kingpin of remittances scam declared proclaimed offender. Vijay Kothari may have fled the country say ED sources.. Hyundai ranked highest in customer satisfaction survey. Supreme Court Orders Further Probe Into Environmental Violations at Adanis Mundra Port and SEZ. IKEA buys 10 acres Gurgaon Land for Rs 842 crore at Huda EAuction. Rental and Used Marketplace for Students in India. Rent/Buy/Sell your stuff like books rackets guitar mini drafters or furniture. You can save a lot of money by ordering or earn from selling.. The Curious Case of EaseofDoingBusiness. Googles first India Cloud Platform goes live in Mumbai. How to doubledip on Amazons monthly supervalue day With an extra cashback : [removed]. Ease of doing business Govt deserves credit next key step should be reforming babudom. Tata Global Beverages opens pilot tea cafe in Bengaluru. Rs 9600crore New India Assurance IPO kicks off should you subscribe. Hyundai ranked highest in customer satisfaction survey. India factory activity barely grows in October as GST stings. Sensex Hits 33500 As India Breaks Into Top 100 In Ease Of Doing Business. Ease of Doing Business in an uneasy India hides not reveals. Indigo New routes more seats to add wings to IndiGo stock. OnePlus 3T Soft Gold 6GB RAM 64GB memory on amazon. Ease of doing Business India jumps 30 places enters top 100 club: [deleted]. Flipkarts PhonePe launches sub 10 pointofsale device for small merchants Forbes India. Airtel Q2 profit plunges 76.52 to Rs343 crore. Uber Mphasis launch services to assist disabled passengers. Dassault to invest 100m for production of Rafale components in India. Mondelez India grew double digit CEO Irene Rosenfeld. Amazon teaches Alexa to speak Hinglish Apples Siri is next. How Microfinance can empower the unbanked HuffPost. How will Anil Ambaniled Reliance Group look like in future. Government extends GSTR2 GSTR3 to Nov 30 and Dec 11. Ola adds WiFi connectivity to autorickshaws. If you have a Loan read how lenders game the system: Reference news [article] http//www.businessstandard.com/article/pf/howlendersgamethesystem1171019000041.html Based on the findings of this RBI [report]https//www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/PublicationReportDetails.aspxUrlPageID878 For understanding purposes a TLDR version of the above report is The rate at which the Banks lend used to be Cost of FundsAOther costsB Base Rate Risk SpreadC Final rate applicable on the loan This had 3 problems 1. Banks played with AB C to keep the rates high even when atleast 2 of these came down Adue to Demonetisation B due to cost control measures 2. Banks were required to pass on benefits of lower base rate to All customers which they didnt and used it only for New customers. 3. Banks never disclosed how much A B were in a transparent manner. So RBI brought Marginal Cost of Lending Rate into picture to replace above. Now the equation was MCLRRisk Spread Final rate applicable on the loan. Now there were 3 problems 1. Banks didnt migrate customers to this new regime or migrated them and slapped them costs of migration. 2. Because MCLR was a internal lending rate benchmark which differs from bank to bank they again played with this element to keep it high. 3. But since they had to reduce this rate in a falling interest rate scenario in the economy they introduced a yearly lock in to keep customers locked at high interest rate for a year. Now the RBI internal study group has suggested that this internal benchmark be changed to an external benchmark and the lockin to be reduced from 1 year.. needed a bit of career advice: So im in last year of my commerce degree majoring in finance and really confused on what to do next. Is it worth preparing for CET2018 from nowonwards and how should be my preparation Also what other carrer guidance could you offer Is MBA the last and final option for me Thanks.. Extend and pretend Banks can play that game no more. But recapitalisation is not the reform that is needed to prevent a recurrence. State Bank of India to lend 357 mln to solar projects. With 7.5 Mn Tez App Downloads Google Is Eyeing To Lead Indias 500 Bn Digital Payment Industry By 2020. Offshore India funds ETFs pump in nearly 6 bn in JanSept. Real estate investment in 6 top cities doubles to 2.87 billion. Vedanta to invest 9 billion in India says Anil Agarwal. Reliance India Shut Down Signals Without Knowing the Customers. Wow Barrons an influential financial newspaper recommends Raghuram Rajan to Head US Federal Reserve: http//www.barrons.com/articles/ourpicktoheadthefed1509161622 Raghuram Rajan as central banker of India oversaw a sharp drop in inflation and a 50 jump in stocks. If sports teams can recruit the best talent from around the globe why not central banks Head of Fed is one top 1015 important people in the World why do we not use such Talent. PayPal to levy GST charges on services starting November 1. Amazon Prime membership price to increase from Rs. 499 to Rs. 999 tomorrow. Etailing industry generated 3.2 bn in sales during festive season. Layoffs at Infosys Wipro Read beyond the headlines. How this Indian startup outmaneuvered Western freelance design platforms. New Year disruption plan Now Reliance Jio moves to broadband TV space. New Year disruption plan Now Reliance Jio moves to broadband TV space [Tech]. FinTech Venture EarlySalary Forays into Chandigarh and Mangalore. TIL Tata earlier had a joint venture telecom company with Aditya Birla group and ATampT called BATATA.: [deleted]. Cut GST for restaurants small businesses Panel. Mandatory Airbag speed alert parking sensor in cars from 2019 Audio alert if you cross 80 Kmph speed. Vodafone launches Rs 177 and Rs 496 prepaid plans to take on Jio. India becomes Hondas No.1 market in Asia Oceania region. Startup India in news for wrong reason cofounder arrested for cheating. Mobile Payment Forum to come out with userfriendly features. Event Planners in Hyderabad Today Celebrations: [removed]. Faulty algorithms of Uber amp Ola collecting fake taxes from passengers in DelhiNCR. Toilet paper shortage as people used it to make fireworks this Diwali American tourists shocked. 10 Mobile App Business Ideas Mobile App Ideas for Inspiration. How an Indian Startup Is Using Customer Service to Edge Out the Competition. Bentley India opens showroom service centre in Hyderabad. Amazons loss jumps to 936 million in September quarter on India business. 75 of the worlds new billionaires are from India and China The number of billionaires in Asia surpassed the US for the first time.. IndiaYatra App Rs 2000 eCASH on sign up redeem as Amazon Gift Cards and more: [removed]. India overtakes the US to become the worlds second largest smartphone market. India to help develop Colombo Trincomalee Ports Foreign secretary S Jaishankar. When your boss approves your leave without a word. Startup India Catch them young Amazon offers 250000 prize fund for Alexa skills aimed at kids. Just say no to Yes Banks rabbit hole of bad loans. Apple iPhone X out of stock within half an hour into presale booking. HuffPosts partnership with the Times of India Group collapses. Housing sales dip 18 in 9 major cities in JulSept quarter PropTiger. This earnings season is testimony that Indian IT is all battered and bruised. India as No. 1. Apple iPhone X Pre Order start at 27th October 1231 PM 2017. Rich Delhi Metro should serve the public not chase profits. SBI wrongly credits Rs 100 crore amount for midday meal to construction company Rs 30 crore still to be recovered [Sept 17]. Indias Sensex hits fresh record high on strong global cues. Freelancer tax query: I have a project that needs me to be a full time virtual assistant. Since this is my first time being a freelancer how do I go about paying taxes on income earned. Agency that employs me is outside india. Also is it mandatory to register as a one person company in India . iPhone X PreOrders Open Today Price in India Starts at Rs. 89000: [deleted]. Still have some questions about GSTs impact on property investment Here are some answers about GST related questions propbuying realestate GST. Keyman crisis at Kalaari the canary in the VC coalmine. Air India privatisation 14 firms pitch to become sale legal advisers Fourteen firms including KPMG BNP Paribas and Rothschild have applied to advise the government for the strategic sale of Air India and its subsidiaries. Indias new aviation policies are breathing life into a onceailing sector. Apple international warranty for iPhones Why it is a good idea to buy iPhone X from the US now. India ranked 3rd in Unicorn Startups. Abdul Karim Telgi dead 10 things to know about the fake stamp paper scam convict. Scholarships financing your future for free. So Just How Profitable is Reliance Jio. An Indian aviation visionary runs into bureaucratic turbulence. Yamuna Expressway sale Jaypee gets time till Nov 5 to deposit Rs 2000 cr. Does anyone know what is a TT Copy: Hi So last Friday someone sent me money from New York US from their Chase bank to my HDFC current account and it is yet to be shown in my account. So I just had a call with customer care amp they need something called the TT copy to track the transfer. Does anyone have any idea what that is. The Ranbaxy Clash Father versus son brother versus brother. PSA Cryptocurrency may not be what a general joe perceives it to be: There have been quite a few posts here inquiring about Bitcoin and the like. Ive come across various people across strata who wanted to know if they should invest in BTC. First of all please note that BTC is not an asset but a currency. One therefore cannot invest in it or even value it but can price it and trade it. Its just like any other currency such as Dollar or Rupee and not a stock or a mutual fund. A price is determined by demand and supply which in turn are effected by mood and momentum. Value on the other hand is determined by cash flows growth and risk. As a result anyone who thinks he is trading in BTC based on value would be delusional. Id highly recommend anyone interested in cryptocurrency to thoroughly do their research before diving in. Edit A currency is a medium of exchange that one uses to denominate cash flows and is a store of purchasing power if you choose to not invest. Standing alone currencies have no cash flows and cannot be valued but they can be priced against other currencies. In the long term currencies that are accepted more widely as a medium of exchange and that hold their purchasing power better over time should see their prices rise. In the short term though other forces including governments trying to manipulate can dominate. The key is that cash generating assets can be both valued and priced commodities can be priced much more easily than valued and currencies can only be priced. To invest in something one needs to assess its value compare to the price and then act on that comparison buying if the price is less than value and selling if it is greater. Trading is a much simpler exercise where one prices something makes a judgment on whether that price will go up or down in the next time period and then make a pricing bet. BTC is not an asset since it does not generate cash flows standing alone for those who hold it until you sell it. To those who are carving out a portion of their portfolios for BTC be clear about why you are doing it. It is not because you want to a diversified portfolio and hold all asset classes it is because you want to use your trading skills on BTC to supercharge your portfolio returns. If you have good trading instincts you should play the pricing game as long as you recognize that it is a game where you can win or lose big based upon your calls on momentum.. FocoBlanco A Platform to Showcase your Coworking Space in Bangalore. Goldman Sachs Reliance Jio likely to raise rates every few months: [deleted]. Top 7 Strong Reasons for Investing In SIPs. RCom to shut down its wireless business in next 30 days Report. Anyone using Bitcoin in India What are your thoughts: I wanted to know if anyone is a regular user/investor of Bitcoin in India and what platforms you guys use to start buying and trading in Bitcoin. Its a topic in which Im interested and was wondering if you guys had tips or advice on where a novice can start. Mainly wanted to get some r/india opinions on whether its an interesting investment at this time and what prospects you guys are seeing in the country. . Top 7 Strong Reasons for Investing In SIPs: [deleted]. Medical scholarships courses future and more: [removed]. Can you run a successful ICO from India The WandX story. RCom may shut its wireless business in next 30 days employees put on notice period. Google loses 6 year battle must pay tax on remittances made to Google Ireland. Anyone using Bitcoin in India: [removed]. Infosys Q2 results Focus shifts back to business. Hyundai bags record export order from West Asia. GST collections at Rs 92150 crore in September. Narayana Murthy Infosys may have just exposed Narayana Murthys moral crusade as a petty squabble. Flipkart reportedly in talks with Swiggy Urban Ladder and UrbanClap for acquisition. Any idea about currency exchange commission per unit: [deleted]. Banks prefer to increase PoS machines than ATMs The Times of India. Best Software Development Company: [removed]. Exclusive industrial estate IT corridor for Muslims Telangana govt to explore feasibility. Fake stamp paper kingpin in critical condition. Utterly butterly delighted tweets Indian Railways on Amuls business offer. Reliance JioPhone Goes Up in Flames Company Alleges Foul Play. Over 66 lakh new investors added in mutual funds in AprSep. Mallya used 20 ghost firms for money laundering. IndusInd Bank launches mwallet with MobiKwik. Reliance Nippon Life IPO to open tomorrow 5 things to know about Rs 1524 crore public issue. Airtel alone added customers in Sept others lost more than 29 lakh customers COAI: [deleted]. Promote your startup on 365 directories with a single click. Airtel shares rise on Reliance Jio tariffs hike investors see price war easing ahead. Skill India Why countries like Switzerland Singapore Sweden and Japan are focused on making more Indians employable. Skill India Why countries like Switzerland Singapore Sweden and Japan are focused on making more Indians employable: [deleted]. Banks to Ask For Original Identity Proofs For Transactions Above Rs 50000. Calculate your payable stamp duty on property for FREE be it a new purchase transferred property willinherited property or a gifted property. Only for Mumbai. Flipkart looking to Chinese model of ecommerce growth via acquisitions. Carmozo Car service Car Repair Car Inspection Car Wash Dent. Ogilvy India leader steps into sexual harassment controversy. How Danish company Vestas built a Rs 500 crore blade factory near Ahmedabad in a record 15 months. Unbanked population How alternative financial services ecosystem has become big boon for India. Anil Ambani Group may shut down Reliance Digital TV next month. How Cyrus Mistry was Fired as Tata Chairman. Consumers not bound by hidden terms of service providers. I am being sacked ExTata exec reveals inside story of how Cyrus Mistry was fired as chairman. I got an average 8 cashback on eCommerce shopping this holidays: [deleted]. Errant sellers use loopholes ask for cash to evade GST: [deleted]. India The Dhobi Ghat Mumbais largest laundry writes photographer Tony Tomlin.. Everything About Top 10 Richest People In India. GST dents Diwali business of Surat textile units sales decline by 80. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 80: [removed]. Reliance Jio drops Rs 309 data plan and reduces validity of Rs 399 plan to 70 days Digit.in. Banks Allowed To Accept Deposits Under Small Savings Schemes. RERA is not for the common man and hence property buyers need to be cautious says Vijay Kumbhar wellknown RTI activist from Pune.. India has is 2nd largest market in fitness startup mkttech startups. Mersal box office Vijay starrer off to a terrific start worldwide with over Rs 43 crore on opening day.. How can students sell their stuff online: [removed]. User orders smartphone from Amazon and gets detergent bar instead. Crypto currency: Fellow randians How many of you have invested in crypto currencies and what kind of portfolio do you have. Lets share. . Led by Chinese nearly 600 companies line up 85 billion investments in India. Were structuring for doubledigit growth TCS CEO Rajesh Gopinathan. In a first Maruti revenues go past parent Suzukis Japanese sales. FinTech companies Why State Bank of India is afraid of small but nimble fintech companies. One Token Used Twice How The Maharashtra Tur Procurement Scam Worked. The allegation is that traders have bought pulses at low prices from desperate farmers and sold it to the government at the Minimum Support Price which is much higher [Old] [May 2017]. Top 5 Cashback programs for eCommerce shoppers in India. Maruti now overtakes Suzuki. Two Information Officers Who Provided Document On Generous Land Deal For Patanjali Transferred. India Incs first quarter post GST Heres a sectorwise review of early results. Unilever Volume growth improved in India after the Goods and Services Tax implementation Unilever. Traders worship GST portal. does anyone have any idea with importing items from alibaba / or using drop shipping: im looking to start a new venture with a few thousand bucks i earned at my internship would like fellow redditors to comment if they can help me out with their experience of dropshipping or importing and selling items from alibaba thanks . Reliance Jio Diwali gift Increases data limit of Rs 149 plan heres a look at all new Dhan Dhana Dhan plans. French Defense Minister Set to Garner New Contract for Rafale Jets in India. Rubique and Andhra govt join hands to develop Visakhapatnam as Fintech hub. Bank Aadhaar linking RBI never issued any order reveals RTI. Download Google Tez App and Earn Rs 51 Instantly and Also Get a Chance To Win Rs. 1 lac this Diwali. Web of Australian Adani solar companies leads to offshore tax havens. Best Penny Stocks in India with better Fundamentals. Reliance Jio tariff hiked 84day 4G plan now costs Rs459. Revised Jio Tariff Plans effective from 19th October 2017. Mahindra Lifespaces HDFC Capital announce affordable housing joint venture. Crypto Currency group for Indians: I think its better to have a crypto currency group for Indians on Reddit. As the people trading cryptos in India are also increasing and we have limited options to buy cryptosespecially ALT coins. So I think its better to have a group or something to discussabout better exchanges with low price and other stuff and answer doubts to newbies.. A platform to earn money online. You get 1 for registration.: [removed]. 7 Useful Tips to get Promotions at Work. India rejects WTO push for new global ecommerce rules. Brand Bengaluru going down drain Firms on ORR. about Real Estate.Open investment plots in Hyderabad.. Avoid buying laptops online from today to the next few days.: Both Amazon and Flipkart the only sites i bother to use just increased the prices of laptops by 50006000 on almost all the budget laptops and they have done it so blatantly that some models that are from last year cost 20005000 more than the latest models with 4XHDD capacity Faster RAM Latest Processor model better screen and even newer ports and features. And some of these price were actually higher than the MRP inc all taxes on the retail websites of respective brands for the same modelswith my little to nothing knowledge i think thats illegal Especially laptops in the range 2400029000 have been repriced at 3100036000 from 12 AM today. So i suggest that if you are planning to buy just hold and wait for few days. Edit Not just laptops pretty much everything on major online retail sites has been treated to price jacking on Diwali And found this gem on Amazon a lenovo laptop with DOS costs 27000 the same laptop costs 36000 with windows 10 home you can actually save a grand or two by ordering the dos laptop and a copy of win 10 pro oem before 12 AM today these items were listed at 23990 [DOS laptop] 27990[Win10 laptop] and 6450[for a copy of windows 10 home dvd]Now win 10 costs 8000. and these prices were constant at these rates since August 2017. Even the price for a pack of crayons DONT you do NOT judge me has been doubled since yesterday XD What kind of ass backward sale is this. Abu Dhabi to invest US1bn in Indias NIIF. Xiaomi grows at 292 in India second largest selling after Samsung. 12 Airports Authority of India airports to woo passengers with retail therapy better dining experience. BankBazaar raises 30 million from Experian others. Over 33 of Indias international incoming calls shift to OTT platform. Indias Wipro Q2 profit beats estimates. furniture market Indian furniture market huge opportunity for Asia HKTDC. 178 crore hours of video 378 crore GB of data behind Reliance Jios Rs 271 crore loss. Great Indian Festival Start shoppping. Hot Coffee Available in Manchester. Commercial Prospects of Etihad Town Commercial Plots. Sivakasi Where the crackers come from boom threatens to go bust. Google is the Most Authentic Brand in India. Four months into GST transporters yet to see 30 reduction in travel time. One of Indias most famous newspapermen is turning to digital with a political journalism platform. Under the radar of regulation crypto conmen spin brazen Ponzi schemes. MCX launches commodity options trading with gold on Dhanteras. Reliance Jio may soon raise tariffs by 24. Bharti Airtel Offers iPhone7 At Just Rs 7777 With 30GB Data/Month Here is How To Buy. Carmozo. SQL Prep Daily Challenge 76: [removed]. Hackers Selling Critical Data of 6000 Indian Businesses for 15 BTC on Darknet. Despite GST impact Bajaj Finance net soars 37. India to get 34 new malls by 2020 in top 8 cities Cushman amp Wakefield. Get 20 cash back at any store on your first purchase: [removed]. Hitachi deploys 10000 CRMs in India to reduce cash circulation. GST impact Mumbai steel traders say move to legal transactions has hurt profits cash flow. The Diwali season is the busiest time of the year for steel traders in Lokhand Bazar but not this year.. Indias Reliance Industries hits fresh record high on Q2 results. Netflix announces first India original animated series based on Chhota Bheem. India to have 530 million smartphone users in 2018 Study. How an Indian is giving the worlds biggest seed firm a hard time. Safe Digital India cess Govt considers security fee for every digital payment.. [NP]Bring real estate under GST Manish Sisodia to Arun Jaitley: [deleted]. Will harry potter fans of India ever buy such a thing Weird stuff on Internet. Flipkart in talks to pick up stake in BookMyShow. Tata Group to exit telecom sector amidst growing losses 5000 jobs hang in balance Report. Were structuring for doubledigit growth TCS CEO Rajesh Gopinathan. Make in India Dassault plans businessjet manufacturing in India on Modis push. Move over Medical Tourism BegTourismIndia is the next wave . Spot the Froth. How borrowers are exploited by banks. HarleyDavidson University to debut in India. Led by Chinese nearly 600 companies line up 85 billion investments in India. Reliance JioPhone Vs Airtel Karbonn A40 Both Indian phones one is of Rs 1500 goes up against with another of Rs 1399 smartphone in a spec features performance and about practicallity.. Amazon to Add 120000 Jobs This Holiday Season. Does Anyone Trade With Ichimoku. Digital deals increasing in size number for TCS CEO. Land registration pending for two decades Elderly exserviceman files writ petition in Karnataka High court seeking relief. Tata Steel targets 20 women in workforce by 2020. Tea Board proposes Rs 100 cr package for Darjeeling gardens. Police book ATC Coin founder for diversion of funds from crypto business. Who do you bank with and why: Hey /r/india I was wondering what banks people lean towards and the reason behind sticking to that bank. Thanks. GST to hit aviation sector by Rs. 5700 cr. a year. Sales take a 36 hit ahead of Diwali traders blame GST. Bleak future Delhi may have given Sivakasi its worst Diwali news ever. Meet the Indian Banker whose crypto portfolio grew from 8k to 250k USD. Are GST Defaulters Causing Losses to Tax Paying Traders. just launched nokia 8 on amazon. Dassault May Build Private Jets in India. Dassault Considers Building Private Jets in India: [deleted]. Amazon vs Flipkart The Best Deals and Offer This Diwali Season. Columbia Asia to open its largest hospital in India this month. Kerala Bank To Be Ready By Aug 2018. Airtel launched featured phone at Just Rs 1399 Must watch. GST Tax department seeks details of transitional credit data. Jio Reliance says Jio to turn profitable shortly. Flipkart Big Diwali Sale Starts From October 14 Top deals discounts on Apple iPhone7 RedmiNote4 etc. What is the process to owning a fast food franchise in indiaDo you know someone who has done the same: McdonaldsSubway etc.. Amazon Great Indian Festive Season Sale Gorgeous deals and offers with the last chance of grabbing them.. Netflix Targets 56 Indian Originals a Year. Inland Waterways Authority of India raises Rs. 660 crore through Bonds. Indian shares clock biggest weekly gain in three months. Passive Income Opportunity: [removed]. Simple way to earn Rs 10000 per day. Watch this video.. Double your Income with 100 Safe Investment. AP grants SGST waiver to Ashok Leyland for Rs 135 crore investment. How this women entrepreneur created platform that brings business closer to consumers through videos and articles. Carmozo. Wtf Airtel. All thanks to Jio.. Online shopping for Fashion Under Rs. 499 from a great selection at Fashion. Is it legal to coerce people into buying particular stocks in the name of expert opinion: I have been getting a lot of SMS messages from claiming to be leading financial institutions like Motilal Ostwal HDFC etc. These messages claims to predict stock prices movements as you can see in this pic https//imgur.com/a/IQ6PZ. I do not believe in it but I wonder what is going on Is it some sort of pump amp dump scheme orchestrated by fraudsters masquerading legitimate financial institutions If it is illegal how and where do I report Edit I have way too many wellwishers in finance industry actively rooting for my financial success. /s https//imgur.com/a/v9Iwa. Airtels Takeover Of Tata Groups Mobile Services Business Good News Says Kunal Bajaj. How do I transfer about 50100 per month to a cousin in India w/o it impacting her or me for taxes etc.: And will it make a difference They live in Jalandhar. . Airtels Takeover Of Tata Groups Mobile Services Business Good News Says Kunal Bajaj: [deleted]. Airtel to buy Tatas consumer mobile business in a debtfree cashfree deal. Flipkart to invest 500 million in payments arm PhonePe. Airtel to buy Tatas consumer mobile business in a debtfree cashfree deal: [deleted]. Airtel to buy Tatas consumer mobile business in a debtfree cashfree deal: [deleted]. Tata Tele deal How Airtel is getting a billiondollar business for free. The simple reason Airtel is able to strike deals such as those with Telenor and Tata Teleservices is that it is the only buyer in the market. Tencents billiondollar India bet Tencent Holdings has set its sights on India with investments in two of the countrys most valuable startups Flipkart and Ola. MintAsia examines the Chinese internet giants India investment strategy. Jio offering 100 cashback on 399 recharge. Bharti Airtel To Acquire Tatas Mobile Business For Free 10 Points. Airtel to acquire struggling Tata Tele on nodebt nocash. Havells eyes venture with European firm. Tata Teleservices to merge consumer mobile business with Bharti Airtel. Tata Teleservices to merge consumer mobile business with Bharti Airtel: [deleted]. Tatas To Merge Consumer Mobile Business With Bharti Airtel. Tata Teleservices to merge consumer mobile business with Bharti Airtel: [deleted]. Jet Airways to buy 100 narrowbody aircrafts as Indian demand surges. Allianz Shapoorji Pallonji partner to set up 500 million India fund. LEED registered certified green buildings in India may rise 3 times by 2020 GBCI. Deals Buzz Hamdard Laboratories ties up with Barista Coffee. Jio Diwali Offer Reliance Jio all set to unleash a brandnew price war today. Bharti Airtel vs Reliance Jio Sunil Mittal ties up with Karbonn Mobiles to launch 4G smartphone priced at Rs 1399. Over 5 million people download Googles Tez payment app: [deleted]. India to send 300000 youth to Japan for onjob training. Lowdown Revised RBI guidelines on wallets which will allow interoperability on UPI. Ola on a funding roll Raises 1.1bn from Tencent Softbank plans to raise 1bn more. India receives first GE locomotive under 2.5 billion deal. Online sales may surpass Rs 30000 crore in festive month ASSOCHAM. Indias AprilAug rice exports rise 7.4 pct y/y govt body. Indians most successful ethnic group in the UK as per Govt study. Ola raises 1.1B led by Tencent to fuel battle with Uber in India. Reality check. Tata Tele companies planning exit plan for 5000 employees. Despite slowdown fewer startups are shutting down. Heres why. Case for lowering GST on white goods to 18. No Respite for Banks as Bad Loans Hit Record Rs 9.5 Trillion The Wire. Rabo Equity Advisors to raise 400 million to invest in India. Tata Teleservices prepares exit plan 5000 employees to lose jobs. Indian company introduces mental health leave for employees. Execution of 6 billion investment announced in June underway BP India. Watch this to know the top trending mutual funds to invest in for consistent profit and returns for 2017 . MAS Financial IPO Subscription Status MAS Financial IPO subscribed 8.30 times on Day 3. Reliance Capital arm to get Rs300 crore loan from IREDA for green projects. GIC Re to launch Indias 3rd biggest IPO on Wednesday heres what you must know. SPECTRUM METRO. Third tranche of sovereign gold bond scheme opens today should you invest. Companies plan mega investments on evehicles batteries amp charging infrastructure. Katrina Kaif is Lenskarts firstever ambassador. Saudi Aramco Worlds biggest oil company plans mega investment in India. Saudi Arabia to invest 300 bn in India in 45 years says Amitabh Kant. Infosys shareholders clear Nilekanis appointment as Chairman. [R] PhonePe introduces credit card bill payments. McDonalds Has a McSpicy Problem An Indian Partner Has Gone Rogue. India automobile sales forecast to gather pace as festivals boost demand. Interesting facts of South India. Intel India trains 9500 people in AI technology. Indias coffee exports rose by 9.36 pc to 376873 tonne in 201617 marketing year. Tata Teleservices prepares exit plan for staff: [deleted]. Tata Teleservices prepares exit plan for staff. Tata Group to consider buying Air India N. Chandrasekaran. Let your savings work in retirement. MAS Financial IPO subscribed 1.3 times on Day 2. Indian Energy Exchange IPO opens today analysts recommend medium to longterm subscription. Truckers strike 90 lakh begin allIndia chakka jam against GST to lose Rs 2000 cr. This is why Raghuram Rajan is in list of probable Nobel Prize winners in economics. This government is killing our businesses What small medium enterprises think of GST revisions. 54000 Petrol Pumps To Go On Strike Heres Why. Buy these Stock and Become Rich. Trai to meet telcos on international termination rates. Gujarat is on the road to becoming Indias first electric vehicle hub. Amazon Pay to get fresh fund infusion from Amazon India. 160 companies to face penal action for CSR violations. Ricatech eyes USD 40 m revenue from India in 201718. CA here and requesting all other CAs here to gather around and maybe do a AMA on GST: Been a lurker around the threads since a while and never realized I can contribute productively in some way till the time GST came in. Theres a lot of confusion and maybe having a AMA with CAs can help people ask queries. Would love to help / contribute its unfair the kind of confusion GST has created and feel its our responsibility to help out Hoping we do this . As India revs up its grand electric vehicles plan Tata and Mahindra are in the drivers seat. Dont want Metro fare hike Get ready to pay Rs 3000 crore for 5 years Centre to Arvind Kejriwal govt. GST has helped in improving efficiency cutting down logistic cost Sumit Sawhney Renault India. GST major reform happened These items become Cheaper Read More..... Thousands protest across Australia against giant Adani coal mine. As India revs up its grand electric vehicles plan Tata and Mahindra are in the drivers seat: [deleted]. Benefits Of EPF Account You May Not Be Aware Of. LEAP India to raise Rs 100 crore via debt to fund expansion. IIT students have developed an international standard exchange for Bitcoin and Ethereum trading in India.. Important updates of GST Council meeting. GST council major decisions taken today : 1. Cloth pe tax reduced to 5 from 12. 2. 60 items tax reduced to 5 from 12. 3. Restaurant Tax reduced to 12 from 18 GST. 4. Return to be filed once in quarter not monthly basis. Othe Important Points 1. Turnover for composition scheme raised from 75 Lakhs to 1 crores. 2. Eway bill provisions deferred till April 2018. 3. Reverse charge to be abolished till 31.03.2018. 4. Quarterly returns for taxpayers with annual turnover less than 1.5 crores. Tax to be paid on monthly basis. forwarded as per NIRC Member Sources. FREE Online Event Tips and Tricks from Business Leaders from Microsoft and LinkedIn to Improve your position in the Indian Economy.. GST Council Announces Relief For Exporters EWallets From April. Government says PAN card not required for jewellery purchase of above Rs 50000. VQMS Clients: [removed]. [AskIndia] Businessmen of /r/India who are traders/wholesalers/retailers what software are you guys using for POS/billing and inventory management Bonus if youre selling garments.: Im fed up with Tally and Im shopping around for something better suited to these requirements. What software are you guys using for your day to day operations Please mention some of the benefits and problems you faced apart from the quality of support you received. I have contacted a few places and am getting onsite demos in the coming week but information from fellow people in the industry is always appreciated.. Surge in digitisation an outcome of Reliance Jio not demonetisation Paytm CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma. Record European Investment Bank loan in India EUR 500 million for Bangalore Metro. TUVRheinland India expects to invest 30 million Euros in India. The Top 10 NGOs to work for India NGOs fast emerging as great employers. Airtel Vodafone amp Idea is faster than Jio OpenSignal. Swetha Mulgund Founder of AOC Production Tells her Startup Story a Story of Passion and. Indias Future Retail Shoppers Stop shares rise on 100 mln Hypercity deal. SBI reducing interest rates every other month. Forbes 2017 Richest Indian List Released. These are the Top 10 Richest Person from India. India European Investment Bank partners with International Solar Alliance and confirms EUR 800 million support for renewable energy xpost r/europeanunion. India Record European Investment Bank loan EUR 500m for Bangalore Metro xpost r/europeanunion. BEWARE OLX Is cheating its paid users: If you post a paid ad on olx and edit it youll have to pay again. DONT use OLX if you do dont pay For posting 2 ads I bought their basic package for 149 which allows 3 ads. I still have one paid ad in my account. Today I edited one of the 2 paid ads Id posted and they are asking me to pay again for making the edited previously active Ad active again I called them and their customer support insisted I had marked it as sold took me about 20 minutes to explain to them that its under pending state not sold state. Thereafter they changed the narrative that if I delete an ad it is counted as 1 ad ok makes sense you offer me 2 free ads and I used both already but hows that relate to this situation Why does olx want me to pay again for editing my existing paid ad gt They go on to say that I can edit as many times as I like but I cant now and have to pay since quality check team has identified that I have deleted a free ad what nonsense All the big guns like olx policy terms and conditions jibber jabber were pulled out and they even made me look at their faq 3 of free ads. Insisting all policies are clearly mentioned. When I pointed that NONE of the policy they are talking about is written on their website they point me to faq 3 under free ads again and say it is similar thing I couldnt help them understand that We are not talking about a free ad we are talking about paid ad Hung up they just kept going in circles over non existent policies. TLDR if you pay olx they know you have paid to post once and will pay again to post thats how they roll. I was cheated for editing my ad YOU will likely be cheated for similar thing or something else. Until now I used olx exclusively but NEVER again. When will Indian companies change their make a penny even if we loose more money policy AVOID OLX. . Godrej Agrovet IPO subscribed 2.37 times on second day. Explanation of notorious Harshad Mehata scam in Hindi: [deleted]. Maruti Suzuki Celerio X CrossHatchback Brochures Leaked. Mastercard to invest 750 m in India by 2020. Kishore Biyanis Future Retail buys HyperCity for Rs655 crore. Indias Mobile Ad Fraud Problem Is One of the Worst in the World. Great Indian Festival Start shoppping. Venture capital has hit an alltime high in India and a quarter of it came from one investor. Tech Mahindra files insolvency petitions against Reliance Communications. As mobile screens top TV Indians power Hotstar to No. 1 but Netflix Amazon Prime close behind. Future Retail acquires HyperCity for Rs 655 crore from Shoppers Stop. Tencent scouts for more startup deals tracking Alibaba in India. Amazon Fashion 40 to 80 OFF. GREAT INDIAN FESTIVAL on Amazon india. VQMS Pvt Ltd Quality Management: [removed]. Indian companies see rebound in EU business prospects Ficci Survey. IFC invests 76 m in Fullertons masala bonds. Huawei expects over 100 growth in India mobile business in 2017. Nonresident Indians Can buy Bitcoins in India using NRO Account. With Rs 2.47 lakh crore Mukesh Ambani is richest Indian for the 10th consecutive year. Google Pixel 2 to launch in India on November 1 price starts at Rs 61000. Why Indias Electric Car Vision May Be Leading Up a Blind Alley. What slowdown Mukesh Ambani adds 15.3 billion to his wealth tops Indias rich list. Mastercard to invest 800 m in India open to acquisitions. Looking for the Best Affordable and long working Gym Equipment in India: [removed]. Oppo Louis Vuittons and four other gets government clearance to open its own stores in India. European Union likely to tighten norms for seafood imports from India. Mukesh Ambani tops Forbes India Rich List for 10th year in a row. Reliance Reliances buyback option on latest iPhones may boost Apples India presence. Launch of startups in India slows down. Amazon To Bring EchoAlexa Prime Music To India. Paytm Payments Bank logs Rs 30.7 crore loss in Aug16 Mar17. BSNL Announces Diwali Laxmi Offer. Details Here. No Considerations Doing Business in India Without Bribes. Rajnish Kumar to replace Arundhati Bhattacharya as next SBI chairman. No hope of recovery Varanasi sari weavers are abandoning their looms as GST rips business by 50. Aircel Partners With Lava Mobiles to Counter Reliance JioPhone Offering Unlimited Voice Calls SMS and 2G Data With Lava Feature Phone at Rs. 153. Govt names Rajnish Kumar as new chairman of State Bank of India. Reliance Jio will discontinue unlimited voice calling for these customers Gadgets Now. Look I found Jio. RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 6 revises growth projection to 6.7. India To Top Global Remittances Chart With 66 Billion In 2017 WB. A Stay at Urbanpod Indias first Pod hostel at Mumbai. India Finds Cheaper Oil Imports from USA Reliance Joins The Deal. Mercedes launches Edition C sedan price starts at Rs 42.54 lakh. Indias Crackdown on MuslimRun Leather Units Dents Exports Hits Jobs. India is the next India not China Adidas Roland Auschel. GIC Res 1.7 bn public offer to open next week as Indias 2nd biggest IPO. RCom calls off Aircel merger blames legal uncertainties policy directives for delay. Tata Docomo Shutting Down Business To Exit Markets This Year. Bharti Airtel chief plans to invest Rs 18000cr in India hints at collaboration with Mukesh Ambani. For Indian Movies 1000 Crore Rupees Is The New 100. Paytm Payments Bank logs Rs 30.7 crore loss between August 2016. data breach Hacker puts info of over 6000 Indian businesses up for sale in massive data breach. Indias coffee output to rebound to record high say officials. Indias crackdown on Muslimrun leather units dents exports hits jobs. WHAT A FRAUD SCHEME: [removed]. Galaxy Diamond Plaza. Get ready for Amazon Indias second Great Indian Festival sale. Adani plans Rs 1500 cr international airport in Mundra: [deleted]. Why Netflix Hasnt Lowered Its Subscription Cost in India: [deleted]. How Adani Siphoned Off Rs 14938472484 From India To Tax Havens. Amazon to Kickstart Great Indian Sale Once Again From Tomorrow. What is the cheapest way to receive USD in my bank account: [deleted]. Hero MotoCorp Hero MotoCorp crosses 1 million sales mark this festive season. RCom calls off Aircel merger blames legal uncertainties policy directives for delay. RCom calls off Aircel merger blames legal uncertainties policy directives for delay: [deleted]. A very simple yet good advice to save some bucks in GST era..: I want to share an important advice that can save you a good amount of money. If you are buying any significant item and paying hefty GST on that then you can save that amount by buying in the name of the firm or company who is registered under GST and the thing you want to buy can be proved to be useful for the business. This can help the business to avail credit GST credit and can save him few thousands. Probably this can save you too.. For example if you are planning to buy a laptop the GST charged on it is pretty big amount..So you can just go to some businessman or someone known who is already registered under GST to strike a deal with them by buying in the name of that person and quoting his GST number.. You can sell the GST credit for like 90 or 80.. A simple advice which can save you alot in the GST world.. . Indias HAL moves forward with IPO. Car sales in September rose robustly heavy buying during festive season. AIIB ADB approve 100 mn loan for Indias power sector. Indias Ola said to raise 2 billion from SoftBank Tencent Bloomberg. Looking for a programmer to help me design a ios / android app: So ive come up with an idea i can promote it on my own but i dont have the sufficient marketing budget and or the time to learn to do that. However i have done some basic groundwork but i need someone to help me make an app im a student so i cant pay you anything but im willing to share the revenue and profits. PM me if you guys would like to work on this project. Thanks. EDIT The idea is basically that when we lose our loved ones we often keep their memories alive we share photos we blog we talk about those moments with other people. Why dont we share these moments with everyone some stories are meant to be shared some lessons are meant to be learnt and some embarrassing moments are supposed to be laughed at. This concept is based on this it is to honour the memory of the departed and to take pride in the fact that we had an opportunity to live with them become a part of their life its a tribute to be shared with everyone to tell others how proud you were of the people who made your life fantastic worth living and now that they are gone they dont remain a photo in the closet. I know its a very different concept and take on life and its very unique its always important in life to know why you do something and i want to do this so that i can bring the joy of caring and sharing memorable life lessons from people to the world.. Laxmicoin Crypto Scams on the name of God. Adanis 3.5 billion debtfunded investment in Australia at risk Report. IBMs employs 130000 people in India. SBI yields to protests waives Rs500 account closure charges for all. Why Make in India is not working for smartphone manufacturing. Sebi to participate in IOSCOs world investor week campaign. IdeaVodafone merger likely to be completed by March. Beijingbased Bicycle Sharing Startup Ofo To Enter India Next Year. Online grocery market in India on track to reach 1 billion sales mark in 2017. Global fund managers to explore Indian opportunities in November. How do I make 25000 monthly just by uploading a small website without SEO. Suzuki Motorcycle India sells 50785 units in Sept clocks 33 growth. Tea prices in India dip even as they rise in major tea producing nations. BASF India receives Rs198 crore from sale of leather chemical business to Stahl. BBC launches new Indian services. Ola now helps drivers find public toilets. Car sales in September rise on new launches festive season demand Livemint. Reliance Communications calls off merger plan with Aircel [np. A320neo troubles due to Indian climate PampW. RCom calls off Aircel merger blames legal uncertainties policy directives for delay. india exports FIEO hails exemption of exporters from giving bank guarantee. RCom calls off Aircel merger blames legal uncertanities policy directives for delay: [deleted]. Otis to manufacture escalators in India from next year. McDonalds battles to regain control of brand in India. LampT Infotech bags 100 million contract to help pin down tax evaders. Cheque Books Of These 6 Banks That Merged With SBI Are Invalid From Today. Failed ventures Sept 2017 Including a few Indian startups: [deleted]. CIL to invest Rs 15000 cr in FY18 for capex other projects. Anil Ambanis RInfra To Join Bullet Train Project With Japanese. This harassment needs to stop How Mumbais paper products industry is hurting from GST. Airtel Scare Tactic. Maruti sales up 9 pc at 163071 units in September. Hyundai India sales rise by 17.4 to 50028 units in September. All India Radio to expand global services To cover Japan Germany Canada. Even as Trump rants away IBM now has more employees in India than in the US. This really broke my heart. . In four years Patanjali will be worlds largest FMCG brand says Yoga guru Swami Ramdev. Sebi working on framework to regulate bitcoin market. Porsche 911 GT3 launch in India on October 9th 2017 Priced at Rs.2.2 crores. Florists make brisk business during Navaratri. MG Motor takes over GMs Halol plant to make in India. Facebook Launches a Blood Donation Initiative Through its Platform. Tata Motors bags Rs 1120 crore order to provide 10000 electric vehicles to staterun EESL. Indias first meadery has been set up near Pune Heres a primer on the ancient beverage mead. Would love to have an Indian version of Sharktank : The US version is amazing but with the variety of businesses and the kind of markets we have in India the show would be crazy fun . Would be superfun to have an Indian version of Shark Tank: [removed]. EESL to procure 10000 electric vehicles from Tata Motors. Are you looking for q data xD. Seikos 60 lakh watch to be available in India this year. Investors of randia what app do you use to track Indian and international stocks: One that also gives some information on the stocks. Thanks.. Investors of randia what app do you use to track Indian and international stocks: [removed]. French Delegation Explores Smart Cities Opportunities in India Before Presidents Visit. Chennai gets Indias largest gaming cafe launched by local startup Nemesis Gaming. Banks lose Rs 3800 crore after card payments push SBI Research. Mlm Marketing in India. DBS Bank drags GST Council and government to court. stocks Market Now These stocks gained over 11 today. MobiKwik reports Rs 19 crore Missing from its Accounts reports. Card payments push may land banks with a Rs 3800cr loss. Bank of Baroda cuts base rate by 0.15 to 9.15 from Oct 1. ICICI Bank offers 1 cashback on every EMI of home loans. How Patanjalis Balkrishna became wealthier than many conventional Indian tycoons. With lower returns on savings bank account what are your options. Rivigo is helping the Indian truckdriving industry out of a jam. Blow for Tata Motors Ashok Leyland as sales plunge to under 1000 units. Base rate SBI BoB and Andhra Bank lowers base rate. Government crackdown on board directors puts companies in a bind. After record IPL bet layoffs start in Star India. Markets will need sophisticated cyber security says SEBI chief Tyagi. This startup lets you book a private jet to Goa for just Rs 10000. The first woman to head an Indian unicorn is now the countrys youngest selfmade woman millionaire. Why India should walk away from the GE diesel engine JV. LinkedIn India enters blue collar jobs space. Warren Buffett has set his eyes on this worldbeating market in India. Founders of Flipkart Ola MakeMyTrip to launch a nationalist lobby group. how to start a small business at home. Despite repeated failures these entrepreneurs built an empire of eggs across India. The Partys Just Begun for Indian Stock Funds Morgan Stanley Says. LG K7i With Mosquito Repellant Tech Launched at Rs 7990 in India. Shocking Terms amp Conditions for Pre Booked 4G Jio Phone. Warren Buffett has his eyes set on this worldbeating market in India: [deleted]. India to have 1500 mobile phone ecosystem factories by 2020 IMC2017. Is there any real benefit with low minimum balance savings account: [deleted]. IBM Now Has More Employees in India Than in the U.S.. EA sports gaffe removes JampK from Indias map in FIFA 18. Merger with Idea on track for completion in 2018 says Vodafone CEO. Reliance Jio JioPhone delivery may be delayed heres how you can track your prebooked phone. Railway Contract Rejig Will Undermine Make in India Drive Says General Electric. India shares fall for seventh day as selloff from foreign investors continues Nikkei Asian Review. DD Sharmas Value Pick Ganesh Benzoplast Ltd In Kal Ka Bazaar 26 September 2017. Amazon Enters B2B Ecommerce Space With Amazon Business. Earn Rs.250 as free recharge or money by clicking this This one really works out. Japan keen on space tieups with India Ambassador. Baba Ramdev Patanjali needs to borrow Rs5000 crore to support expansion. New GST circular Display your GST number outside your office else face penalty of 25000. IMC 2017 Data is the new oil which India doesnt need to import Mukesh Ambani. New GST circular Display your GST number outside your office else face penalty of 25000: [deleted]. India to have 1500 mobile phone ecosystem factories by 2020 IMC2017: [deleted]. [R] Has anyone tried investing in p2p lending in India: some sites are offering insane returns but is this legit. Critical Path Analysis Solved Example.. Indians take most test drives before buying car Study. Sunny Leones commercials Condoms and Ghee : [deleted]. Tax refund scam busted in Hyderabad 200 techies forced to return money. Gujarat set to become Indias first electric vehicle hub: [deleted]. Idea Top Executive Throws Shade at Reliance Jio at First India Mobile Congress. Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh blames faulty advisers for economic slowdown. GE warns India about risks to altering 2.5 billion diesel locomotives deal. General Electric says altering the diesel locomotives deal would harm job creation and have a chilling effect on investment in India. Tesla In Talks With Government To Enter India Elon Muskfounded Tesla has initiated talks with the government to enter India through the singlebrand retail route which comes with several riders including mandatory sourcing of up to 30 of the value of goods sold in the country.. PSU stocks lose steam as market holds THE FALL OF PSU STOCKS. Sunny Leones commercials Condoms and Ghee : [deleted]. Walmart doubles sourcing from womenowned businesses in India. Indias refining capacity expansions lags growth in fuel demand. In India a Big GE Deal Goes Off the Rails. Inside Jeff Bezoss 5 Billion Bet That Amazon Can Win India. GE Warns India About Risks to Altering 2.5 Billion Rail Deal. 10 Points about SBI Minimum Account Balance MAB Charges. Rental option to save money on books: [removed]. Missed out on Big Billion Days and Great Indian Festival sales Flipkart Amazon may soon come up with some good news for you. Top Large Cap mutual Funds 2017 Value unlocking funds.. socialmediamarketing. Narendra Modi With limited options to save bleeding economy Modi is fighting a tough battle with his hands tied. Top Small and Mid cap mutual funds in India 2017 These funds have delivered consistent returns over years and have beaten its benchmark index with a considerable margin.. Billionaire Baba What makes Acharya Balkrishna one of Indias richest. Diwali sales Flipkart vs Amazon India in numbers. What slowdown India added 700 to billionaires list in past year 16 doubled their assets. Patanjalis Balkrishna DMarts Damani make it to Hurun rich list Ambanis wealth 50 more than Yemen GDP. Bixby Make in India launched to understand Indian Accent. SBI cuts minimum balance requirement in savings account to Rs 3000. Book Review Hit Refresh by Microsofts CEO Satya Nadella. Mukesh Ambanis Reliance Industries is worlds 3rd largest energy firm. Patanjalis Acharya Balkrishna with Rs 70000 cr wealth enters Hurun rich list. Festive sales Flipkart Amazon other ecommerce players clock 40 pct growth at 1.5 bn from last years 1 bn. Motilal Oswal Private Equitys realty arm raises Rs 1000 crore. ThyssenKrupp After two years of talks heres how Chandra clinched the TataThyssenkrupp deal in just one meeting. Spotify Coming to India This Year Amazon Prime Music to Launch by End of 2017[June17]. Indias retail sector surpasses China after investments from international brands like Amazon and Gap. SBI has revised their Minimum Average BalanceMAB requirements.. Wind Energy Developers Set New Tariff Record In India. BookMyShow Isnt Happy Just Selling Tickets It Wants to Be Indias Spotify Too. Fully renewable India in 2050 can take a shortcut to emissionfree future. In Conversation With Nilesh Shah. Pustak Kosh Indias Leading TextBook Rental Company. SBI reduces minimum balance limit to Rs 3000 revises down maintenance charges.. Google launches crowdsourced movie reviews feature in India: [deleted]. In Conversation With Nilesh Shah: [deleted]. Jio Offers On iPhone 8 Get Rs 10000 Cashback 70 Buyback Exclusive Plans. Wipro wins 100m deal from Munich Re. Mahindra amp Mahindra showcases driverless tractor launch in 2019. Amazon Investment to Help India Retailer Add 25 More Stores. In Conversation With Nilesh Shah: [deleted]. Google Enters India Soon to Be 1 Trillion Digital Payment Space [18.09.2017] [NP]. Worth Rs 70000 Cr Patanjalis Acharya Balkrishna Named To Indias Richest. Airtel is offering 30GB free data with new offer. With India stocking up festival season crackers Amazon just delivered an explosive package at Flipkarts. In Conversation With Nilesh Shah: [deleted]. In Conversation With Nilesh Shah: [deleted]. In Conversation With Nilesh Shah: [deleted]. 85 per cent of MBA courses in INDIA report rise in applications. Registration of One Person Company in India by iSPEEDBiz. What are some entry level high paying jobs for a Commerce graduate: Also are there any FinTech companies who hire technically sound commerce grads. Mortgage Concept in India Types of Mortgages in India Explained in Hindi. India faces tough prospects at Buenos Aires WTO meet. JioPhone deliveries start heres how you can track your order. Best Tips to Earn Money in India With YouTube. Review of Amazons entrepreneur ecosystem including answers to questions like How do I become a Franchisee. Amazons Investment to Help Indian Retailer Add 25 More Stores: [deleted]. Jeep Compass Price Review and Specifications in India: [deleted]. home loans Interest Subsidy Scheme on home loans for MIG extended to March 2019. Coal India Two Adani Power companies secure over 1/3rd of CIL coal. Indian company to build 300m cotton yarn project in Sohar. Amazon acquires 5 percent stake in Shoppers Stop. How the oldest IT company IBM is discovering its India story. Amazon acquires 5 percent stake in Shoppers Stop. Nasscom offers 10 million rupee grant for social innovations. Indias First Electric Bus For Public Transport In Himachal Pradesh Launched By Goldstone. Statewise percentage of stock market investors: [deleted]. Steel shortage stymies Railways rail tracks upgrade projects. Tv today Network Aaj Tak Stock: [removed]. Xiaomi sells over 1 million smartphones in India in 2 days. Aditya Birla Group to wind up ecommerce venture Abof.com. Penalty from accounts to partly fund Aadhaar linkage costs SBI. Markets see worst plunge in 10 months. Matrimonys weak market debut may dent listing interest in Indias internet ecosystem: [deleted]. I dont respond to quarterly numbers India is growing faster than any other country Jamie Dimon JP Morgan Chase. Indian Ceramic Industry eyes double turnover of Rs 50000 cr by 2020. SBI launches Indias first bond index series at London Stock Exchange. MercedesBenz India Delivers a Record 51 Cars in One Day. Booking train ticket on IRCTC Railways restricts card payment to these six banks. NDTV denies reports of takeover by SpiceJet owner. home loans Interest Subsidy Scheme on home loans for MIG extended to March 2019. Pee Safe Interesting product ad . NDTV denies takeover reports by SpiceJets Ajay Singh. Patanjali Products Now Used By Half Of Indias Urban Households. SpiceJets Ajay Singh set to take control of NDTV. Tata Nexon launched prices start at Rs5.85 lakh. SBI Life IPO subscribed fully on Day 3 issue closes today. Reliance Home Finance makes stock market debut at Rs104. PACLs Rs 49100 cr scam Sebi imposes Rs 2423 cr fine on company 4 directors: [deleted]. ITI wins Rs 7000crore defence communication deal. SpiceJets Ajay Singh set to take control of NDTV: [deleted]. In row with banks IRCTC disallows a number of lenders to use its payment gateway for debit cards. SpiceJets Ajay Singh set to take control of NDTV. Top selling 4G Smartphones of the month under Rs.7000. India Kazakhstan to expand oil gas nuclear ties. Why have Reliance named their Telecom arm as Jio What does it even mean. Uniform saree collection which are used to wear in corporate eventsschool uniforms for teachers etc.... Yes Bank slashes 12 of its workforce citing digitisation poor performance. RBI CRYPTO CURRENCY Laxmi Crypto Currency RBI .... Institutional investors invest 5 billion in India this year commercial assets preferred. Clearing the questions on petrol/diesel price.: [deleted]. Billionaire Rana Kapoors Yes Bank Is Said To Cut 12 Of Jobs. Man with the net worth of 2.8 Billion India Richest Man 2017. Billionaire Kapoors Yes Bank Is Said to Cut 2500 Jobs. After HDFC Bank Yes says no to 2500 jobs after citing redundancy poor performance and digitisation: [deleted]. Cheque Books IFSC of 6 SBI Subsidiary Banks to be Invalid from Sept 30. Gold Imports and Korea You Gotta Hand it to our Love of Loopholes Capitalmind. Business confidence of CFOs hit 5quarter low in JulySeptember survey. When Google killed its business this startup hit the jackpot as one of Indias profitable unicorns. Big relief for Unitech homebuyers SC orders payment of compensation in Vistas project in Gurgaon. ONGC makes massive new discovery at Mumbai High find may pep up production for years. job cut After HDFC Bank Yes says no to 2500 jobs after citing redundancy poor performance and digitisation. Googles Tez app launched in India. Gives Rs 51 on registration. [NP]. Chinas Longi Plans 500 Megawatt Solar Fab In India. India gets first highpower electric locomotive for freight trains from France. 80000 returns being uploaded on GSTN portal every hour says chairman. Amazon vs Flipkart Winner is . NonPerforming Assets in Gujarat rise 2.5 times cross Rs 35000 crore mark. The quantum of bad loans registered in Gujarat have increased by 2.5 times. At the end of June 2017 the gross NPAs of all banks crossed Rs 35000 croremark which is more than double the numbers registered in June 2014.. GST A defining feature of Indias economy has just fallen prey to the beauty of GST. How to save the most on Flipkart and Amazon. Car sales in India to grow by 9 in 2017 Moodys. 3 Indians In Forbes 100 Greatest Living Business Minds List. Frances Engie Dubais Abraaj to set up wind energy platform in India. Panasonic Eluga Ray 500 and Eluga Ray 700 Launched in India Price Specification and Features. Trai lowers call connect charge to 6 paise no rate from 2020 your mobile bill likely to fall. Target names Tammy Redpath as president of its India operations. Aim To Be 1 Billion Entity By 2020 Sany India. Any suggestions on Payday Loan apps: Hi guys looking for a short term urgent loan of 10k 30k. Do you guys suggest any companies/ Apps that process such loans. I am aware of EarlySalary do you have any experience with other apps Would be better if the documentation could be verified online to speedup the process.. Simple Guidance for You in Income Tax Reimbursement on Personal Loan. Reliance Jio Trai order gives Reliance Jio more firepower can put more fight in it. Dear IDBI Bank a feedback post feat PMEGP: My research back in 2016 December said me the best bank in India for business needs is IDBI so my story starts With elegant presentation of my business I visited IDBI Bank Manjita road branch Amritsar. Pleasant green furniture made me to think I am at right place The manger was well dressed and showed interest in my project and said me we will help you in this matter give us some time to read the PMEGP guidelines clearly as it was realistic I agreed to it. Its been 4 months now the manager doesnt have time read the guidelines to understand what the fish PMEGP is When I raised question why is it taking so much of time the standard reply was yeh PMEGP loan takes time to process If you are in hurry contact other banks IDBI MANAGER GURPREET SINGH stinks with this management job. Is there here anyone who can help me in taking this to future stage . Amazon bets big on groceries to step up FMCG discounts this year. Bitcoin Price Plunged 50 in 2 Weeks in India. Login error missing data multiple deadlines GST is tripping up on technical glitches The government has acknowledged problems in online filing of GST returns but there have been no solutions yet.. Punes Suburban Area: [removed]. Reliance Set to Benefit as Telecom Regulator Cuts Termination Charges. Indias first driverless tractor showcased by Mahindra and Mahindra waiting for government nod. Reliance Jio Trai cuts interconnect charges to 6 paise a minute from Oct 1 Jio gains incumbents lose.  500m BioCity project soon in Andhra Pradesh. wohoo got 65 percent off on my products today whats your experience Flipkart big billion day. how to create a youtube channel and earn money. Honda Cars to shift focus from India Blames Government. Indias solar capacity to hit 20 gw by FY18end. No Considerations Doing Business in India Without Bribes. Why Tata Sons Wants to Go Private. SBI Lifes 1.3 billion IPO opens tomorrow. Bitcoin Price Bitcoin rebounds in India too rises 20 in 3 days to wipe off losses. TIL SBI got its toplevel domain gt https//bank.sbi. Tez Googles native UPI Payment App Making Payments Simpler and Faster. Artificial intelligence will replace some of the existing jobs Amazon India AI head. Googles Tez payments app claims to have 4 lakh active users in just 24 hours. Mahindra and Ford sign 3year agreement for electric vehicles global distribution. GST How the new tax regime is hurting small textile businesses in Surat and spurring black economy. Why MampMFord alliance makes sense and could soon give Maruti a run for its money. U.S. defence firms want control over tech in MakeinIndia plan. Bankruptcy Code being gamed from the start Business Standard. ICICI Lombard IPO fully oversubscribed 1.58 times on QIB support. Why MampMFord alliance makes sense and could soon give Maruti a run for its money. Only 76 of Reliance Jios 128.58M connections were active in July 2017. Patanjali eyes Rs. 700cr deal Second win in two months. Cisco CEO Indian engineers exceeded our expectations. Nissan to Hyundai keen on Indias 203 million order for electric vehicles. Ford and Mahindra explore strategic cooperation around car tech in India. Tesla Must Overcome Local Production Laws Before Bringing EVs to India. Not happy with Apple wishlist PMO orders tech major to change demands to set up facility in India. electriv vehicles Dont think full transition to EVs is possible Abhay Firodia SIAM Chief. Bharti Airtel Bharti Airtel plans to spend over Rs 32000 crore in next two fiscals. Electronic Way Bill As GST era sets in this is why coders and investors have their eyes on the highway. Top 10 SEO Companies in India. Indias domestic air passenger traffic up 16 in August. India Offers To Buy Pulse Beans From Nigeria. Googles mobile wallet for India uses sound for money transfers. Russia keen on jointly developing MiG29K with Indian companies. Google Digital Payment Aap TEJ is the First product for India first to promote growth create jobs and make lives better.. Maruti gets electric boost as Suzuki vows to produce lithium ion batteries by 2020. Google Introduced Tez Payment App for India with UPI and Cash Mode. Google launches Tez P2P payment App in India offers users Rs 9000 per year as reward. Amazon is setting up its experimental Lab126 RampD outfit in India. As Hurricanes Hit US An Unexpected Business Windfall For India. Income tax department Rich farmers watch out Taxman is coming for you with satellites: [deleted]. GST Corporates including Hyundai slam Government on rollout: Excerpts from aPress release by Hyundai gt However the recent rolling back to multiple rates with Pre GST classification has come as a setback to industry shaking the confidence of Auto manufacturers. gt We expect the coming festive season will witness low customer sentiment on new purchase decision. gtFurther in the absence of consistent and long term policy the investment for new products and new technology will be adversely impacted Original link http//www.hyundai.com/in/en/MediaCenter/PressReleases/DFINLOCALNEWSVIEW20170913.htmlselx2. Thomas Cook India eyes strong growth potential in North India. Corporate Social Responsibility A Conflict A Risk and Overall a Forced Burden Capitalmind. SBI reviewing minimum balance charges for savings accounts. CryptoCurrency Special Courses amp Masters Degree Classes. Another top Infosys executive quits says he is a free man Times of India. BSNL to team up with Lava Micromax to launch affordable cobranded feature phones. Google Tez Your Aadhaar number can be stored by anyone. Nifty 50 hits alltime high tracking Wall Streets record closing Sensex jumps over 200 points. Amazon is setting up its experimental Lab126 RampD outfit in India: [deleted]. Hyderabad startup Kheyti wins award in Israel. Why telecom firms are looking for a bailout yet again. Faced with a new rival with deep pockets Reliance Jio heavily indebted telecom firms including Airtel Idea Cellular and Vodafone are rushing to the government for a bailout package which the government is considering. Aamby Valley auction said to attract just two bidders. Vijay Mallya assets UBL shares worth Rs 100 crore transferred to Centre. Uber Ola Uber driver pay cut by a third in 1 year. Hindustan Petroleum Corporation plans Rs 61000 crore investment in 5 years. No reason why Air India cant run as a PSU says new CMD Rajiv Bansal: [deleted]. Google Tez is released in India.. No reason why Air India cant run as a PSU says new CMD Rajiv Bansal. Why Nokia failed in market in Urdu/Hindi. Mumbai in global top 5 cities expected see rise in office footprint. Chinas Fosun Pharma cuts size of stake it will buy in Gland Pharma to 74. Fosun revises its offer for Indias Gland Pharma. Indian investors are falling in love with matchmaking sites. Mumbai in global top 5 cities expected see rise in office footprint: [deleted]. Rickshaws to jump start Indias allelectric drive. This Indian startup knows how to make its online content go viral with or without Facebook. With Promise Of NoSurge Pricing New AppBased Cab Services Take On Uber Ola. Adani group Reliance ADAG Essar accused of cheating in Rs 290 billion scam: [deleted]. Fosun may Invest in 2 to 3 Indian startups by year end. How Amazon is going deeper into the hinterland with a gambit of unique offlineonline blend. Adani group Reliance ADAG Essar accused of cheating in Rs 290 billion scam. Inside the logistics backbone thats helping Amazon win in India. Nomura bullish on Zomato pegs valuation at 1.4Bn. Arun Jaitley to launch Googles mobile payment service Tez on Monday. Jaitley to launch Googles UPIbased digital payment app Tez on Monday. Infosys gets a month to fix GSTN glitches. 30 per cent of cement either not sold or unutilised in India JK cements Administrator. Two Indian VCs share some learning and unlearning from their investment journey. Nissan Leaf likely to hit Indian roads next year end run into Teslas Model 3 launch. Nomura bullish on Zomato pegs valuation at 1.4Bn: [deleted]. 7 steps to choose a Mutual Funds A lot of varieties to choose from.. India to expand cargolocation service using wireless tech. Indias first bullet train will provide 1.5 million jobs. India Lives on Diverse Food Choices Making it a Tough Space to Operate in. GST transitional claims of over Rs 1 crore to be scrutinised. Google Tez Googles new payment service in India . This is why iPhone Xs face id failed at the event. Flipkart raising billions doesnt bother us we are largest in ecommerce Amazon India VP. Corporate Contractors The High End of the Precariat Updated naked capitalism. Tata Sons planning to revert their company status from Public limited to Private Limited.Know Why. Top Indian leaders that are revolutionizing global companies. Zomato valued at 1.4 billion by Nomura. Theres Already A Rs 6500 Chinese iPhone X Clone Available If You Cant Afford The Real Deal. Onion prices plunge after Income Tax dept raids 7 traders in Maharashtra. CAD widens to USD 14.3 bn or 2.4 in Q1 on high trade deficit. Bitcoin Bitcoin goes on a tailspin dives 50 in India in just 13 days. Public interest lawsuit filed in India calling for investigation into Adani Group. Tata Sons seeks shareholders nod to change status to private limited company. Amazon likely to set up its secretive Lab126 in India its first outside of the US. As Hurricanes Hit US An Unexpected Business Windfall For India. Maruti will make electric cars in Gujarat. What specialisations INDIANS prefer for MBA. Indian IT BPM now at par with customers after tech shift Roy. Not only US other countries too restrict Indian IT professionals. Google is reportedly launching a mobile payment app for India. Domestic LithiumIon Battery Manufacturing in India One Step Closer. Startups breathe new life into Indias manufacturing sector. Bharti Airtel Vodafone India spar with Reliance Jio over test users addition. Paytm Mall to put 35 million in tech to strengthen logistics. Indias Zomato completes longrumored acquisition of logistics startup Runnr. Suzuki Motor Corp to pump in fresh investment of Rs 3800 crore in Gujarat. Top cotton buyers flock to India as hurricanes hit US crop. Flipkart aims to capture 50 of total online smartphone sales. Japans Suzuki Motor Corporation plans to open lithiumion battery plant in India. Dawood Ibrahim: I read it today that Dagwood Ibrahim is second richest terrorist after Pablo Escobar. Is that true How did he accumulate so much wealth . Top cotton buyers flock to India as hurricanes hit US crop. Dagwood Ibrahim: [deleted]. SC restrains Essar Steel from using 2.76 lakh sq m of Surat forest land [Old] [August 2017]. Rampedup Coal India output saves Rs 25900 crore in forex. Tolls to go to the north of the Dominican Republic. Government speeds up Air India disinvestment seeks financial legal advisers Times of India. Air India privatization Govt seeks to appoint legal advisers merchant bankers. Suzuki to pump in fresh investment of Rs3800 crore in Gujarat. Indian portal creates worlds first podcast channel for BSchool Academia STUDIO 3. Making the transition from employee to startup entrepreneur// Incase anyones curious my thoughts and insights from others//. How to double your money in 01 year Right time to Invest at Bangalore But which area . ASCI bans 62 ads including Coca Cola Honda Activa 4G PepsiCo TimesNow Voltas HUL Dr Batra and Emami in June 2017. Uber launches UberEATS food delivery service in Delhi. Indian Central Bank Studies Fiat Cryptocurrency for Digital Rupee. Ericsson India Ericsson India files insolvency case against Reliance Communications Telecom News ET Telecom. Google is reportedly releasing a localized mobile payment service in India. Local Search Engine Optimization Digital Marketing Company Webtraffic. OnePlus top trusted phone brand in India 100 per cent OnePlus users satisfied : [deleted]. GST has hit business climate. After 250 mn fund infusion OYO manages another 10 mn this time from China Lodging Group. Zomato gobbles up Runnr rivals Swiggy Foodpanda UberEATS put on notice. Jaiprakash Associates Supreme Court tells Jaypee to pay Rs 50 lakh to 10 buyers. Carry 10kg extra on Emirates economy flights to India Pakistan. Indias edible oil imports to fall in coming crop year. The Rise And Rise Of Chinas Xiaomi In India. Turnaround for Indias Top Brands as They Grow Their Value 21 in One Year. Amazon opens its largest fashion imaging studio in India. Indias Zomato completes longrumored acquisition of logistics startup Runnr: [deleted]. OYO secures 10M strategic funding from China Lodging Group: [deleted]. Ericsson India files insolvency case against RCom. How India became the world leader in Trump projects.. Govt considers new taxes for hotels and restaurants that demand service charges. 5G Bharti Airtel SK Telecom team up to develop 5G technology. Flipkart Amazon to battle it out over smartphone sales this festive season. Toyota Toyota passes cess hike burden to consumers Auto News ET Auto. Pan India Corporate Car Rental Service. GST cess Toyota hikes prices of models by up to Rs1.6 lakh. CCEA gives nod to Rs 10881cr dairy processing amp infra fund. Rohingya crisis Myanmar key link to Indias Look East policy. Another IndiGo offer on anvil but for investors this time not cheap tickets for travelers. How India Became the World Leader in Trump Projects. The Rise And Rise Of Chinas Xiaomi In India. After Jaypee Infra homebuyers those at Amrapali set to take this tough action. Flipkart Amazon to battle it out over smartphone sales this festive season. Any bitcoin investor/enthusiasts here: How/Where are you buying bitcoin or any other crypto Are you trading or holding long term Any targets / view for long term. America wants growing trade with India. Force Motors RollsRoyce Power pact for India JV to produce engines. True Risk of Youtubing Mainly for Indians Ad Revenue Suspension and Uncertainty Beware. Sebi out to cut MF schemes by half. How do you handle Salary Negotiation What is your CTC and Expected CTC: [removed]. Forced insolvency seen driving India deals to 80 billion: [deleted]. Who tf is buying Patanjali products: So everywhere I look I see that Patanjali has a presence. 90 of the ads I get on YouTube are from Patanjali. They are sponsoring KBC. Theyre sponsoring a dozen other tv programs and I think Ramdev is even the judge in some singing or dance program. They have an advertisement running for almost all of their products. I could go on and on but my point is all of these advertisements and sponsorships require a massive amount of financial investment and considering that Patanjali only exploded 2 years ago after the Maggi ban this is pretty impressive. So my question is where are they getting the money from How did they achieve such financial success within 2 years. UM India to set up 2nd mfg plant in Maharashtra. Indias factory output moves up by 1.2 pct in July. Private sector takes DRDO programme on high trajectory. Over 1 lakh directors of shell companies identified for disqualification. Hi I am little disappointed today. Not expected a response like this from prestigious bank like Indian Bank Rohtak: [deleted]. India Incs investment overseas down 15 to 1.34 bn in August: [deleted]. Indias infrastructure to get 500million push from Morgan Stanley. Modis Demonetisation: [deleted]. Basel III Banks need 65 bn additional capital to meet Basel III norms Fitch. WittyFeed raises preseries A funding from a marquee group of investors. Can insurance be sold in a sachet. Nazaras 550m plans for Indias first games industry IPO. What FPIs Have Bought And Sold So Far This Year. Indian Banks Need 65 Billion To Meet Basel III Standards Fitch. Andhra Bank cuts interest rate on savings account to 3.5. Infosys completes Brilliant Basics acquisition. Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi open to moving servers to India. India renegotiates 20year Australian LNG import deal with ExxonMobil. After a tepid start Indias first international stock exchange is getting into its stride. How Technology Is Bridging The Gaps In Indias Fragmented Logistics Sector. AMD plans to employ more engineers in India. India Swaps Cheaper LNG for More Volume in 2nd Reworked Deal. Cant force customers to buy electric vehicles RC Bhargava Maruti chairman. India Defence startup Tonbo Imaging raises 17m Series B. India Imposes Countervailing Tax on Chinese Stainless Steel. Indias Biggest Online Matchmaker Opens Its IPO. Ecommerce giant Amazon India on Monday said it has created over 22000 seasonal job positions across its network in the country during the upcoming festive season.: [deleted]. India to buy 1 million tonne Australian LNG more after new price maths. India brews worlds mostexpensive coffee. India needs a thousand more prefab factories. India Wins LNG Price Cut On 20 Year Deal With ExxonMobil. New Britain engine parts maker bought by India manufacturer. India imports 2400 tonnes of onions from Egypt to lower prices. Amazon India creates 22000 job opportunities in festive season. Amazon and Netflix look to India for subscriber growth. India Is UraniumRich Country Nuclear Chief Dr Sekhar Basu. Amazon India opens up 22000 seasonal job opportunities. India starts producing worlds most expensive coffee. Doubling India business in 710 years nobrainer for Unilever CEO Polman. Government may lift bar on foreign airlines to invest in Air India. How Technology Is Bridging The Gaps In Indias Fragmented Logistics Sector: [deleted]. Yes they do want us to pay GST on time. and are sorry too if we cant pay.. TIL you can distribute flyers and pamphlets to customers using India Post. SC directs Jaypee Infratech to deposit Rs 2000 crore asks IRP to take over. The court restrained directors and managing director of Jaypee Infratech and Jaypee Associates from travelling abroad.. Whats wrong with Economic Times: Lately I have been noticing that all the good insightful articles/ analysis albeit biased about even India come from Bloomberg or a similar agency of international repute. Why cant ET come up with these articles with their own inhouse team For example look at todays top two headings which come from Bloomberg. [Indias traffic is so bad its changing the cars people buy]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/auto/news/industry/indiastrafficissobaditschangingthecarspeoplebuy/articleshow/60457478.cms [How Indias failed note ban move taught the world what not to do]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/howindiasfailednotebanmovetaughttheworldwhatnottodo/articleshow/60457625.cms . Matrimony.com IPO kicks off Should you tie the knot or reject the proposal. PNB customers to pay after 5 free ATM transactions from Oct. SEBI to reduce mutual fund schemes by half. RBS under fire as UK jobs switched to India. Why Indias most educated women are leaving jobs faster than others. Lockheed Offers To Export F16 Jets From Proposed India Plant. HUL India could become Unilevers biggest market Paul Polman. Evehicle drive Centre may take Elon Musks Australian policy for a spin. Online Banking In India: [deleted]. Can someone ELI5 how sales to SEZ or Nil rated supply zones can be made under GST: Suppose I am selling a product to company based out of SEZ how should I treat it The customer tells me that he is nil rated and doesnt want GST on his invoice. How should I prepare the invoice and more importantly is there any tax that has to be paid from my end TIA . The CAT exam analysis and the brainiest cities in India. The CAT exam analysis and the brainiest cities in India: [deleted]. Jockey India To Double Production Capacity By 2020. Uber gives free insurance to drivers in India. GST Council hikes cess on large cars SUVs slashes rates for 30 common use items. Entrepreneurship is newly cool in India but the old ghost of unprofitability still haunts. Television still the best way to reach rural consumers IMRB. Amazon India opens its 41st fulfilment centre in Hyderabad. McDonalds vs Vikram Bakshi Legal ketchup messes up your favourite burger place. Indian Bitcoin wallet Unocoin announces partnership with Blockchain. Online business with Indian Government. India seeks more Chinese investments. Tata Motors looking at Jaguar Land Rover platform for new global SUVs. GST RATES Gst rates changed for 30 items. Deadline for GSTR 1 filing extended to October 10. Will it repeat the past or a hit Flipkart big billion day. Will it repeat the past or a hit Flipkart big billion day: [deleted]. Your Techs Maybe Reason of Trouble Hiring the Right Employees. 10 Best Ways To Make Money Online In India: [removed]. Maruti Suzuki to set up lithium battery plant in Gujarat. List Of Great Places Visit Once In Your Life Suggest By Discovery Holidays. Professional Cab Hire Service Providers Of Pune.. Indias forex reserves rise to nearly 400 billion. Inside the logistics backbone thats helping Amazon win in India. LampT Sees 28 Billion Golden Goose in Indias Defense Orders: [deleted]. Why Indias most educated women are leaving jobs faster than others: [deleted]. Software giant Adobe to bridge gender wage gap in India US. Why investors gave Varun Dua 30 million even before he launched his startup. Step by step guide to start a business in India. 169 stores to continue under McDonalds brand Vikram Bakshi. Mumbai in global top 5 cities expected see rise in office footprint. Poor quality Chinese solar modules flood Indian market. When to apply for Personal Loan and When not. India slips to 2nd spot among fastest growing aviation mkts. Deals are back in Indian Internet startup space as SoftBank leads funding spree. Germany To Help India With Grid Integration Of Renewable Energy. India continues to lead US shrimp import surge. Lodha Belmondo Luxury Apartments in Gahunje. And they want us to file GST on time.... how do you even start to explain this crap. Raghuram Rajan on factors that are slowing down the Indian Economy.. BSNL Corporate Email Service Starts for Re. 1 Per Day. Wipro bags 5year deal from global steel maker. Bank of India cuts lending rates by 0.050.10. Jaguar Land Rover plans to give model range an electric jolt. EPFO may pump in Rs 2500030000 cr in equities during FY18. WeWork launches 1.9 lakh sq. ft. coworking space in Mumbai. Airtel set to start VoLTE services from next week Jios free run to end. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 India launch set for September 12. Inside the logistics backbone thats helping Amazon win in India: [deleted]. Adidas may lay off 25 employees in India. Monsanto exits cotton seeds business in India. Regional viewership has tripled in last 2 years. SBI to go all out to capitalise on reviving home loan demand. Lean Six Sigma. Mumbai in global top 5 cities expected see rise in office footprint. Adidas may lay off 25 employees in India. Why investors gave Varun Dua 30 million even before he launched his startup. 169 stores to continue under McDonalds brand Vikram Bakshi. Maharashtra tops in GST migration amp fresh registrations. Swedish retailer HampM to open 4 stores in India in September. Sebi imposes Rs 2423 cr fine on PACL 4 directors. Inside the logistics backbone thats helping Amazon win in India: [deleted]. Chennai Replaces Mumbai as Indias Accident Capital. How Indian Smartphone Makers Lost the War Against Chinese Companies. Impact of GST on small individual startups: [deleted]. Bharat Road Network IPO subscribed 22 on Day 1. Dixon Technologies India Ltd Rs 600 crore IPO fully subscribed on day 2 of bidding. NCLAT hearing today to decide fate of McDonalds employees. ICICI Lombard IPO to open on 15 September. Four PSU banks slash lending rates by up to 0.45. Best Mutual Fund Managers In India Top 5. Eicher Motors closes in on Ducati to make a binding bid of 1.8bn. Will Star India benefit from the IPL media rights deal. HDFC Bank How a 23yearold Indian bank became too big to fail [np]. Banks without Aadhaar enrolment centres to face Rs20000 fine from October. I think Sony purposely bought Ten Network because they knew they would lose IPL.: With IPL gone Sony had almost nothing worthwhile on their Network. But Ten did along with Champions league and FA cup it had its biggest seller... WWE. I probably think Sony wanted the WWE money and its probably the only programming that is worth seeing except the CL and FA Cup. A desperate business move. RBI says HDFC Bank is too big to fail Heres what too big to fail means. A day in the life of an ecommerce delivery girl. IndiGo may buy stake in Jet Airways if Air India bid fails. Why investors gave Varun Dua 30 million even before he launched his startup. For online retailers the millions of Indians living in small towns are a potential goldmine. When to apply for Personal Loan and When not. Bitcoin The New Gold For Indian Millennials. Is Indias Home Finance Juggernaut Slowing. GST prompts Indias iconic biscuit maker to look for a forgotten childhood favourite toffees. Amazon India looks to cut costs discounts to achieve profit by 2019. Google admits it got Android One timing wrong in India. Indian garment exporters to the US retain per unit realisation unlike peers. [NP] How to calculate Income Tax. omg its true... unlimited paytm cash earn through a app. Xiaomi Announces Its First Android One Smartphone The Mi A1 Specs and Price. BSNL launches STV 429 to offer 1GB of 3G data per day and unlimited calling for 90 days to counter Airtel and Reliance Jio. Lowcost carriers set to offer Europe link for Rs 12000. OLED iPhone May Cost Whooping 1199 Check the details. RBI says HDFC Bank is too big to fail Heres what too big to fail means: [deleted]. DBS Bank gets nod to operate as whollyowned subsidiary in India. Paytm in talks to buy deals startups Nearbuy and Little. India Plans to Set New Gold Bourse Rules in November. Only 1 of expected invoices uploaded to GSTN till now.. Empty flat Your next tenant could be Oyo. Regarding the 18 GST on Paypal Its only for domestic transactions: I was able to get clarification from Paypal regarding this. It looks like Paypal is setting up an India office only to bring back domestic transactions. Here is their mail https//imgur.com/a/tbz9v. Facebook just bid 600 million to stream Indian cricket matches. Which is the best source to learn about different GST forms: Too many articles are just contradicting themselves. Some says X is compulsory other days it is not which source do you guys use I dont mind paying a nominal fee if there is a reputed teacher for this tax reform Also if you use any companies like clear tax which claim to file GST on your behalf any reviews for these companies Please share your thoughts thanks. Edit also some customers have the habit of paying me 1 or 2 months down the line even though invoice is generated. Should I pay taxes for them beforehand Bit confused on this too Is it required to report pending payments and pay those taxes as well beforehand in GST portal . Bollywoods HighestPaid 2017 Meet 10 Indian Actors Making Bank. ONGC to bid for Israel oil and gas exploration blocks Oil Minister. Startup India Initiative Certified Startup Cogoport Start Its Operations in Gujarat. The Flaws in Indias Growth ModelBloomberg. US firm to tackle Indian roads upgrade. Nikon expects India to be among top 5 markets in next 34 years. IT By Design lining up USD 2 mn for India expansion. Fearing cost rise after cess hike buyers rush to buy luxury cars The government under GST charges 28 percent on small cars. Another 15 percent is charged as cess on large cars.. Free to profits How Jio Mukesh Ambanis 30bn startup will make returns. Samsung j7 Plus leaked Specs and Expected price In India. South Korea responds to Norths nuclear test with livefire drills. Central Bank Backed Group Plans Blockchain Platform Launch in India. Uber partners ICICI Lombard to provide accidental cover to its 450k drivers. Airtels Latest Recharge Plans To Counter Jio Rs 399 Rs 349 And Other Plans. India Solar energy firm Amplus in talks to raise up to 100m. The battle for Indias 45bn gold industry gathers momentum. Infosys promoters offer shares worth 2038 cr for buyback. Tablet shipments grow by 7.22 percent while total sales drop by 26.8 percent due to GST. Late payment fees waived for delayed GST returns filing. Narendra Modi Government Will Be Tested When It Comes To Reviving Demand And Investment. The performance of the banking sector of the first quarter report card for 201718. How banks migrated during Partition The Partition of India also led to a partition of banking assets and liabilities in India and Pakistan. CocaCola wants to grow in India by selling less Coke. In India its the media and not ecommerce that desperately needs a Jeff Bezos. India slashes import of Nigeria crude oil. Wanna Earn free recharge then watch this video and answer for the question. Rupee Slowdownhit Indian economy counts costs of stronger rupee. Chinese green firm to begin construction of Indian plant will give jobs to 1000 people. Honda Is Firing Back At Tesla By Rolling Out 2 Electric Cars By 2018. How many Reliance Jio Mobile Phones sold Delivery Date. How do I export horticulture product from North East India to North India: I have no knowledge in this area or even how exporting works. But NE definitely have products that can be exported.. Hungry To Take A Big Bite Of Food Retail Amazon India To Launch A New Venture This Diwali. Nandan Nilekani to work without salary as Infosys Chairman. In India its the media and not ecommerce that desperately needs a Jeff Bezos: [deleted]. Nike starts downsizing India operations to fire 20 per cent staff. How Nandan Nilekani returned to Infosys. Jeep Compass Jeep Compass bookings touch 10000 mark. Jio Phone Bookings Crossed 6 Million Deliveries Start September 21. GDP growth GDP print DeMo data adverse but DStreet still sees silver lining. How. Impact of GST on self employed folks in India. you tube as careerpossible for my india: [deleted]. India Is Best Poised For A Fruit Circular Economy Its time for fruit farmers to celebrate. Govt to sack 13 senior defence ministry officers for failures of ordnance factories. SBI ATM Withdrawal And Other Charges You Need To Know. Germany to invest euro 125 mn in Ukhand. Vedanta to invest Rs 50000 cr on India biz expansion Agarwal. India invites Frances Total to invest in oil gas infra. Ducati India eyes 18 per cent growth this year. Hope to make peace between Uber Ola at some point SoftBank Vision Fund CEO. In India its the media and not ecommerce that desperately needs a Jeff Bezos: [deleted]. The inside story of why an explosive SaaS startup went for a quick exit with Freshworks. How Nandan Nilekani returned to Infosys: [deleted]. Why Indian startups raise funds from foreign companies. Free Sample Report on Indian Dairy Industry Database 20172022. Nandan Nilekani will be like a superCEO at Infosys. Indias auto components industry grows 14. Billionaire Brothers From India Build System to Take On Slack. Boost to Make in India Hyundai plans to shift production of Verna from Korea to India. Indian Bitcoin Investors: Dear Indian Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency investors I have the following questions for youll as I would like to start investing in Cryptocurrency for the Long term and not Day Trading. How does one safely store bitcoin on cold storage / Paper Wallets Im having a bit of trouble understanding the process so as to invest safely Is there any liquidity issue where in one could not sell out for more than x amount of Rupees. How does one buy Ethereum and other currencies safely If I but Bitcoin and the currency forks then do I have access to the benefits if my currency is stored on a paper wallet Or do I have to transfer my money back on the exchange to benefit from this . FirstCopy Social Media shopping search engine. Indias GDP growth slows to 5.7 in the first quarter of 2017 from 7.9 last year The manufacturing sector saw a sharp decline to 1.2 in AprilJune from 10.7 in the corresponding period in 2016.. Uttar Pradesh CM Yogi Adityanath Announces Rs. 1000 Crores Startup Fund. Google commits 1 million for flood victims in India Nepal. CocaCola aims to make India its third largest market. How to turn your hobby into a successful business. Dish TV opposes STAR move to bid for IPL rights. How banks migrated during Partition. Matrimony.coms IPO to hit Street on September 11. http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/ipos/fpos/matrimonycomsipotohitstreetonseptember11/articleshow/60305091.cms: [deleted]. AIIB may invest over Rs 9000 crore in six India projects. Indias auto components industry grows 14 to about Rs 3 lakh crore. Billionaire Brothers From India Build System to Take on Slack. Aadhaar Card Mutual fund investments must now be linked to Aadhaar Heres how to do it. JioPhone may get delivered in these places first. Ola takes vernacular route now available in 12 Indian languages for Indus OS users. India Central database of insurance sales people launched. Uturn NRI candidates on the rise says Randstad India CEO. India raises 1.4 billion from NTPC share sale stock exchange data. State bank of India latest debit card update. Infosys What Next . Top 3 Popular UM Motorcycles AKA Renegade Bikes in India Price List. LampT Sees 28 Billion Golden Goose in Indias Defense Orders. De Beers to invest 140 million for marketing in India USA and China. IKEA to open first India store in spring. Vishal Sikka is the tech oracle Indian IT desperately needed but shunned. After Jios feature phone Airtel to launch 4G smartphone at Rs 2500. Then and now The role Indians play in Americas billiondollar startup ecosystem. Larsen Sees 28 Billion Golden Goose in Indias Defense Orders. Apples India manufacturing plans hang in the balance. Theft Prevention.: How do cosmetics store avoid theft other than increasing the staff and keeping an eye on the customers As far as i know there are no checkpoints for cosmetics. Any help/tip would be appreciated. . P.V. Sindhu Announced as Bridgestone Indias Brand Ambassador. if pan card is not linked with aadhar card then pan card will be cancelled after 31 august. Bird Group evinces interest in bidding for Air India. Uber to insure over 4.5 lakh driverpartners in India with ICICI Lombard partnership. Big tax on Vodafone by income tax deptt: Income tax department has demanded big tax amount from Vodafone. See complete story below... http//profit.ndtv.com/news/corporates/articleincometaxdepartmentimposesrs7900crorepenaltyonhutchisonholdings1743353pfromhomebusiness. GST collections hit Rs 92283 crore in July Arun Jaitley. MedGenome secures 30M funding led by Sequoia India amp Sofina. FinTech In Spotlight OMA Emirates Group Announces 23 Mn Fund For Indian FinTech Startups. Exclusive Bloomberg charity scrutinised by India for antitobacco funding lobbying. India Is Producing A New Billionaire Almost Every Month. Uber rolls out free insurance for its 450000 India drivers against accidents. How one companys model could put an end to 9to5 jobs. Airtel Payments BankMastercard online cards cross 2 mn users in India. GST Credit: [removed]. Yusuf Hamied Cipla. Vivek Chaand Sehgal Samvardhana Motherson Group SMG. Sunder Genomal Page Industries Jockey India. Shivinder Singh Shivinder Mohan Singh Promoter RHC Holding Pvt. Ltd. Currently NonExecutive Vice Chairman of Fortis Healthcare. Senapathy Gopalakrishnan Infosys. Arvind Panagariyas parting shot NITIs ease of doing business survey is an eyeopener for govt. BigBasket eyes 200 million investment from Paytm Mall Alibaba. Sarang Wadhawan HDIL. Samprada Singh Alkem Laboratories Ltd.. Salil Singhal PI Industries. Royal Enfields Vallam Vadagal manufacturing facility near Chennai begins commercial production. Airtel Symantec Partner on CyberSecurity Solutions for Businesses. The admirable success of the Jan Dhan Yojana. Tata Nano is perfect for Bangladesh says Nitol Niloys chairman. wealth trickles up. Boeing Offers To Set Up Production Facility For F/A18 In India. Ikea to make India manufacturing hub for sofas furniture. How to turn your hobby into a successful business. Ravi Jaipuria Chairman of the Board of Directors of RJ Corporation Varun Beverages Limited and Devyani International Ltd.. Burger King India to open 35 new outlets this year eyes new cities. Ramesh Juneja Mankind Pharma. Motorola g5 plus launch in India tomorrow News. Rupees: [deleted]. Paytm Payments Bank Goes Live For Public With the Paytm Beta 6.0 Version. These Five Celebrities Have Found Success In Indias Startups. Boeing offers to set up production facility for F/A18 in India. Worlds First Diamond Futures Exchange Starts Trading in India: [deleted]. Rakesh Wadhawan HDIL. Rajju Shroff UPL. Gym Equipment Manufacturer in Pune. Reserve Bank of India may issue allnew Rs 1000 note by December. IT lens on individuals who earn Rs 5lakh interest on FDs TOI. Apples India manufacturing plans hang in the balance. Radheshyam Goenka Emami Group. Nilekanis return may revive some confidence on Infosys counter. Radheshyam Agarwal Emami Group. Republic TV helps increase English News genre viewership. Murali Divi Divis Laboratories. Bisleri invests Rs.60 lakhs in local langauage labels Consumer in villages should not be cheated says marketing head. India banks take action against 5954 defaulters. India Inc on record fundraising spree in 2017 IPOs of Rs 62000 cr filed. How one companys model could put an end to 9to5 jobs. Lava announces 2 years of warranty on select smartphones and feature phones. Tata Motors working on alternative plans for Nano official. [Old] Why are Indian gurus selling noodles. Meet the man behind Bisleri in India who started up again at 70. Trai has imposed a fine of Rs 2.97 crore on Idea Cellular for overcharging its subscribers. JioPhone prebooking reaches the million mark will resume next round of registrations soon. India Likely To Add 10.5 Gigawatts Of Solar Power Capacity This Year Says Mercom. Advanced GST questions taxable event under GST Scope and Time of Supply ayupp. Advanced GST questions related to Registration is it required ayupp. 96.5 pc businessmen in MP enrol for GST. How to get a patent for an idea in Inida: [removed]. Hello Redditors I am a business student please help me with my survey by giving in your response.... Nandan Nilekanis First Investor ConCall As Infosys NonExecutive Chairman. Indian mobile services market to touch US 103.9 billion by 2020 Study. GST Rate Finder Tool Find HSN Code List amp SAC Code List of Goods or Services. 750cr IPO Future Supply Chain files initial papers with SEBI. Temple gold turns a glittering business. Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building. [NP] Jio Phone prebooking crosses 3M mark. Narayana Murthys battle is for the soul of Infosys. How Do I Get A Custom Flask For My Project: My project involves a flask. The purpose of the flask is to heat the fluid that is put into the flask. Once heated it enables the user to spray the heated fluid. I have made an electronic circuit for heating the fluid. This circuit is supposed to be put into the base of the flask and untouched with the fluid. To give an example please consider a simple plastic school water bottle. This bottle is supposed to be having my circuit at the base of bottle. The water poured in the bottle wont be in direct contact with heating circuit but the metal plate on top of it. The bottle sprays this water. Now instead of being plastic this flask is metallic I am an electronics student and unaware of CAD designing tools. Where should I seek the flask Do I require to connect with manufacturer How should I approach anyone to help me get the flask I want to grow this project into a product so I am trying not to go by the Indian jugaadTranslated temporary fix. . Zambia Indian firm begins the construction of a 60 million solar power plant in Kafue. India 200 Rupees New Banknote. Privacy as a fundamental right will boost trust in digital services Nasscom. Nandan Nilekani Returns To Infosys Appointed Chairman. Undue reverence for company founders harms Indian firms. Buy Traditional Gold Plated Mango Vanki Ring OnlineKollam Supreme. Mofatraj Munot Founder Promoter and Chairman of Kalpataru Group. Esports in India List of Top Rising Indian Companies in Electronic Sports 2017 [ Check It Out ]. Businesses in a tizzy over tech glitches in filing GST returns. Bank Of India Slashes Interest To 3.5 For Deposits Up To Rs 50 Lakh. How to turn your hobby into a successful business. MG George Muthoot Muthoot Group. Mannalal Agrawal Ajanta Pharmaceuticals. 4G We are innovating for Indias growing 4G LTE market Qualcomm. JioPhone prebooking to start today evening. Reliance Capital announces Rs300 crore employee stock option scheme. Reliance Jio Phone prebooking starts today for Rs 500. HDFC Bank to train 15 lakh government teachers in 12 states. Burger King exceeds 100 outlets in India Can it occupy McDonalds void. Infosys New twist in Infosys saga firms board members offer to resign. Bira 91 raises fresh funds to enter new markets. Malvinder Singh RHC Holdings Pvt. Ltd. amp Fortis Healthcare. McDonalds to close 169 outlets in India in franchise battle. Indus Towers to invest Rs 350 crore on green drive. Apex Frozen Foods IPO opens for subscription here are 10 things to know. These 200 companies will be compulsorily delisted by BSE tomorrow. Infosys Nandan Nilekani postpones 2month US trip may become nonexecutive chairman. Madhukar Parekh Pidilite Industries. Hyundai to invest Rs 5000 cr for expansion in India. Leena Tewari USV India. Lachhmandas Mittal Sonalika Group. Ford India to focus on new changes for volume growth. HOW TO IDENTIFY FAKE GST BILLING IN RESTURANTS. Karsanbhai Patel Nirma Group. Jitendra Virwani Embassy Group. Hasmukh Chudgar Intas Pharmaceuticals Ltd.. McDonalds to close 169 outlets in India in franchise battle: [deleted]. India Incs Overseas Borrowing Jumps 57 In July. Burger King crosses 100 outlet mark in India. How Indias Crude Oil Imports Production Demand Impact Prices. Only 8 business exits successful in India 47 unprofitable Survey. Driving School Calgary Northwest Driving School Calgary NW. Cisco acquires Indianorigin founders venture Springpath for 320 mn. Not chasing money or power says Narayan Murthy. Murthy said his main concern has always been the deteriorating corporate governance and that he voluntary left the Board in 2014.. How Amazons local innovations has helped to grow its footprint in India. The backstory to Infosys CEO Vishal Sikkas resignation. Walk away before you further destroy your reputation and debilitate Infosys exboard member tells Murthy. GST prompts Indias iconic biscuit maker to look for a forgotten childhood favorite toffees. Infosys successor Investors want Nandan Nilekani to return join board. Hyundai launches 2017 Verna at introductory starting price of Rs 7.99 lakh. Flipkart to let sellers sell products globally through eBay. Glass bottle suppliers: I am looking to import couple thousand glass bottles for beverage to Kathmandu.. The Risk in Home Finance When The Good Loans Default Because Theres No House Anymore Capitalmind. Basmati rice overtakes buffalo meat to become Indias top export. Whats the best way to send money to India from US: Hello r/india I am working on a platform that will allow people to pool financial resources and one of the hardest parts is figuring out the best way to move money in a somewhat affordable manner. I am Kenyan and thanks to technology there are much better ways to send money in ways that are cheaper and faster than services such as Western Union or MoneyGram. Considering the technological advances in India I am hoping there may be a similar sequence of events. Thanks. Alibaba owned UC Browser under govt lens over data leaks of Indian users. As oil stabilises global players will drill for more deals giving India an edge. Uber in pact with Axis HDFC Bank for UPIbased payments. Indian manufacturers account for 60 of vaccine supplies made to UNICEF. McDonalds 169 outlets likely to close What is the burger companys fight with Vikram Bakshi CPRL. Mr Murthy Walk away before you further destroy your reputation and debilitate Infosys. SBI offers up to 100 waiver on processing fee on various loans. Infosys drops out of Indias top 10 most valued companies. After Vishal Sikka quit as CEO of Infosys investors have lost over Rs34000 crore in market capitalisation in the last two trading sessions with the stock falling over 14.45. With cyberattacks soaring India races to regulate cryptocurrencies. HCL Infosystems to distribute Apple products in India. NPA crisis The rise and fall of Bhushan Steel into the great Indian debt trap. With Rosneft deal Essar reduces debt by Rs70000 crore Livemint. Infosys Is Murthy really wrong in his tirade against Infosys board. The men and boys of Indian banking. Will Infosys face class action law suits in India. Tata Power launches electric vehicle charging facility. Hong Kong clocks 40 increase in trade with India in H1 of 2017. Finished steel export surges 64 pc in Jul import too picks up. Rosnefts strategic India deal in the bag. First set of GST tax deposits nets govt Rs42000 crore. Israel Eyes 1 Lakh Tourists From India By 2018. Infosys fight isnt Tata redux. Its a lot worse. McDonalds 169 outlets likely to close What is the burger companys fight with Vikram Bakshi CPRL: [deleted]. Infosys Murthy ampCo this battle wont work raise holding or sell out. Jobs How one companys model could put an end to 9to5 jobs. Airline pilots need to serve longer notice periods DGCA. Air India owns a flat worth Rs. 10.36 crore. Why. Inspired by the move to digital economy in India Mr. Monopoly goes on a cashless drive. McDonalds All 169 McDonalds stores face closure in North amp East thousands of jobs at risk. Mercedes launches AMG GT R GT Roadster in India. India Real Estate before and after RERA Fourrwalls.com. 9 cities to get extra 313km of Metro lines. Exxon Shell Total RIL lead lineup to explore oil in India. How one companys model could put an end to 9to5 jobs[R]. Why Tesla Decided To Wait Another Year Before Entering India. HDFC Life IPO will test its claim on a premium valuation. Indian Oil to invest Rs 52000 cr in Paradip refinery as Odisha partly restores tax sops. The unfolding Infosys leadership paradox We rarely get a live case study to engage with and test a proposition. The unfolding Infosys saga offers us a readymade case to test my last weeks essay The leadership paradox. Landscaping Calgary And Landscaping Companies Calgary. Indias Infosys approves up to 2 billion buyback of shares. Sensex regains strength recuperates 93 points in early trade. The backstory to Infosys CEO Vishal Sikkas resignation. Indias 1 GW Kurnool Solar Park on Verge of Grid Synchronization. Parsvnath leases 74000 sq ft office area to WHO Facebook India. India Could Be Solar Energys Next Oasis. Ola raises Rs 231 cr from hedge fund Tekne Private Ventures. Defaulters owe 27 of total amount to SBI alone PNB next. Volkswagen Submits Recall Roadmap Of 3.23 Lakh Cars Before NGT. Congress seeks SCmonitored investigation DRI probe indicts Adani Group firm rejects siphoning charge. Indias Infosys approves up to 2 billion buyback of shares: [deleted]. Indian ecommerce turns into a twohorse race as smaller players face likely wipeout. Vishal Sikkas Exit From Infosys Unfortunate But Not Unexpected Experts. Top 5 Startups in India That Failed in Year Of 2016. Jio Dth 3499 3 .... GST Returns Confusion among traders as GST filing site stops functioning. Online Shopping For Men and Women Kitchen Electronics and Sports: [removed]. Government invites global bids for 10000 electric cars. Infosys approves up to Rs 13000 crore buyback of shares at 24.57 premium: [deleted]. Heres The Resignation Letter of Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka. Adani mining giant faces financial fraud claims as it bids for Australian coal loan. 14 Salient Features to Know About RBIs New Rs. 50 Note. Another Chinese smartphone brand Comio enters India market with an offlineonly model and big ambitions. Indian IT Hits Worst Slump In 7 Years Foreign Media. Coke to cut sugar offer more products in India. Infosys Infy Panaya deal looks murky and this is why the details need to be made public.. Vishal Sikka just one of the casualties as hire American hits India. Panaya How one Infosys acquisition kicked off the big storm. Indias largest online taxi operator set to enter Sri Lanka Bdesh. India Becomes Worlds Largest Motorcycle Manufacturer. income tax returns IT plans to pursue propertyholders who have never filed income tax returns. Infosys releases another note to exchanges directly blaming Narayana Murthy for the resignation. Infosys Narayana Murthy on the backfoot says he was only ensuring checks amp balances. GST driving customers away TN restaurateurs claim 35pc losses under new tax regime. [Company Law] Companies like eMudhra are looting the Indian Taxpayers by charging a fortune for something as trivial as Digital Signature: Cryptography is an established branch of Computer Science but creating a soft set of keys or digital signature is no rocket science. There are open source tools such as [GPG]https//gnupg.org available freely using which even a first year BTech student can create a digital signature ask them if you have one accessible. Now for something as trivial as creating a digital signature DSC with our PAN info associated with it this [eMudhra store]https//store.emudhra.com charges 899 which has to be renewed each year. However a DSC is useless without the ability to sign documents with it so to purchase a signer you have to shell another 19.99k each year The open source way is to use the same free GPG tool which can both create a signature and sign a document with it. So that comes to around 20k for such a trivial thing. Thankfully the GST Council has removed the DSC requirement for individuals and partnerships so they can use the freely available aadhar esign service instead. But its still there for companies and LLPs who unfortunately cannot be issued aadhar. So if you form a limited company or LLP in India then one of the major expense will be to shell this 20k each year on DSC. Now you might be a rich company owner who doesnt give a crap about spending 20k in a year. But this is not about that its about why these companies are making a quick buck by enjoying the CA Certifying Agency status given by the government I think the government should handle this task on its own the IT Dept. that maintains returns filing site can easily do it. If not create an Indian version of [Lets Encrypt]https//letsencrypt.org so that this service is freely available to small businesses who dont want to spend a fortune.. India to start exporting to Afghanistan via Chabahar port within few Weeks. Japanese PM Shinzo Abe to visit India on Bullet Train Inauguration. How to Enroll to GST for Existing Suppliers in India http//imgur.com/ow39O79. Why brands are going crazy over Ranveer Singh. Vishal Sikka 800plus flying hours upset founders and little time The tragedy of Vishal Sikka. Vishal Sikka Resigns as Infosys CEO. Infosys Loses Nearly Rs 20000 Crore In Market Value After CEO Sikka Quits. Vishal Sikka Moving On.... Encouraging generic medicines capping margins Governments proposals in pharmaceutics. MakeMyTrip is spending more on promotions than its net revenue. PNB HDFC Bank cut interest rate on savings account by 50 bps to 3.5. Business News Latest Business News Business Live News Online News18. Vishal Sikka on why he resigned as CEO: [deleted]. Vishal Sikka Quits as Infosys CEO Cites Malicious Personal Attacks. Infosys Vishal Sikka resigns as MD amp CEO of Infosys stock cracks. Tech giant Infosys admits automation is dramatically reducing hiring needs. Vishal Sikka resigns as MD amp CEO of Infosys stock cracks: [deleted]. Vishal Sikka resigns as MD and CEO of Infosys. Vishal Sikka resigns as MD amp CEO of Infosys stock cracks. India outpaces China tops global Retail Development Index. US shale oil turning out to be cheaper than West Asian crude. GST deadline to file returns extended by CBEC to August 28. Top 10 Tax Saving Mutual Funds in 2017. Firms in India invest 200 mn in retail assets. what are the best investment plans: I can save up to INR 50k per month. I am looking for both long term and short term investment plans. I heard about LIC endowment plans but I am skeptical about them. . Indiamade garments have the largest pie in US imports in H1. India enters global smart meter race to fight utility losses. Reliance Defence bags Rs 916cr contract from Defence Ministry: [deleted]. In India it is the beginning of the end for ATMs. How a stubborn Amazon is carving out the grocery market in India and what incumbents are doing. How Amit Bhardwaj made millionaires and fools of Bitcoin investors. Anil Ambani to get big slice of Rafale deal via Dassault JV: [deleted]. Coal India to incur Rs 8500 cr capital expenditure in 201718. Yes Bank Cuts Interest Rates On Savings Account Deposits. Then and now The role Indians play in Americas billiondollar startup ecosystem. DRI documents surface accuse Adanis of ripping Indian taxpayers. [GST] Accounting question Can I treat IGST as expense and also a liability if I dont collect it from the client: [deleted]. Raising an invoice Newbie question: Hi Im a salaried guy so basically i just get paid in my bank account every month. Till now I havent got the need to raise an invoice for anything. However recently I got a book deal and the publishers want me to send them an invoice and then theyll pay me. They can either paypal me or wire me the payment. Im just an individual and I dont own a business or have a sole proprietorship. Is that required to collect money from clients in this case they are not from india. Do I need to know anything regarding GST Im planning to show this as part of my income and pay whatever income tax on it. Any guidance would be welcomed and appreciated Thanks. RCom/Aircel merger given nod by Indias Law Tribunal. Samsung India launches its biggest product experience centre in the country. [P] GST or Goods and services taxes explained in simple. 21 smartphone makers a chunk of them Chinese told to share security info or face action. Adani mining giant faces financial fraud claims as it bids for Australian coal loan World news The Guardian. Defence canteen Indias top retailer to go online. Paytm to invest 5 million in seller programme for small merchants. Bengaluru startup eyes US market with selfdrive truck kits. In India an Uber for farm machinery aims to make a difference in rural areas. Meet the worlds top young selfmade billionaires. [Good read] ATM Why ATMs once a symbol of liberalised economy are fast losing importance. Which Life insurances do you have: Hi I already have an LIC endowment policy and an HDFC Term Insurance in addition to the policy from work. I was recently offered a term insurance at a lower premium than I am paying right now. Which policies do you guys use/recommend Also I was told that one cant have more than one term insurance policies Which doesnt seem so on checking online. Can you guys comment on this Edit I got the endowment policy when I didnt know better.. Which is why I got the term insurance afterwards didnt want to mix insurance and investment. I am 30 years old. My HDFC policy has a premium of 16K which gives 75 Lakhs to my next of kin on my death. The policy that I am being offered asks for a premium of 15K for 1Cr on my death to the next of kin. . Investors bet on Bharti Airtel as Reliance Jios impact seen waning. RIL Government slaps 264 million penalty on RIL BP: [deleted]. Jaypee coming under Insolvency Act could cause catastrophic banking crisis in India. New twist to H1B drama Anger against Indian techies spills over at US review call. Inflation surge throws focus on RBIs minutes on Wednesday. Jaypee Infratech insolvency Govt plans selling off assets to finish incomplete flats. As India Turns a Spry 70 Heres How U.S. Investors Can Join the Party. PM Narendra Modi GST rollout improves business efficiency by 30. PM Narendra Modi GST rollout improves business efficiency by 30: [deleted]. Bitcoin value crossed Rs 3 Lacs yesterday. Here is How you can buy Bitcoins in India The complete guide.. PM Narendra Modi GST rollout improves business efficiency by 30: [deleted]. Please help me out Cost of living per day for an old person: Hey guys/gals Im looking for the average cost of living per day for one individual no dependents retired lifestyle including all possible health costs metro city no rent. What do you think this figure would look like if you can you can justify how youre making this aggregation Id be tremendously grateful Im sure getting an idea of this number would help you too. Ill highlight the what I perceive to be unique reasons with which I am asking this question in case anyone has inputs. Im an Indian masters student about to graduate. Im estimating Ill get the median placement of roughly 12lpa. Im also considering different career paths with drastically lower salaries which I would be more passionate about. Im asking this question so as to get an idea of how much time my savings will buy me. Thats all there is to it effectively Im a stuffy academic type so I really only enjoy reading at home by getting a boring private sector job Im effectively giving the company my time and hence books in return for money if I can get a exchange rate for how much time this money can buy me again that would really help me make some future decisions. So for example knowing that a day of work does not buy me a day of retirement would affect my decision to take up a job that pays less but has me doing work Im passionate about. Such an exchange rate would also help me get an idea of the opportunity cost associated with all of my spending so for example Id like to know how many days of reading I give up when I have a fancy lunch it would be very helpful for budgeting purposes. TLDR I have a ridiculously low propensity to consume my income I see no immediate benefit out of it and only see it valuable as savings for an early retirement. To find out how valuable it is exactly in this regard I need to find out how much time each rupee I save actually buys. If someone would provide me the estimates I need that would be awesome . GST. CA files case in High Court against newly introduced penalty on CAs of Rs. 10000. Corporate India remains a familyowned enterprise. India 70 What will the IT company of 2025 look like. Independent India A real estate perspective. The blockchain bubble. Watch out these upcoming cars in India. see how to invest in nifty and sensex. India leapfrogging to the edge of grid technologies. India to import 25 tonnes gold from South Korea avoiding dutyindustry officials. RComAircel merger The mathematics of a potentially good deal. International cryptocurrency exchange BitBay to open India operations. Aamby Valley auction process starts at Rs 37k cr reserve price Times of India. SEBI close to locking in norms for investments via crowdfunding. Volkswagen to chart own course in India as Tata Motors deal falls through. Prime remains top selling for Amazon India during latest sale. SebiSahara case Amby Valley put up for auction by HC reserve price Rs 37392 crore. SENSEX NIFTY LIVE Look who is moving my market today. Industrial demand India Inc records highest sales growth in five quarters of 5.6 yearonyear. Know about GST its Impact on the Gems Jewellery Industry: [removed]. New twist to H1B drama Anger against Indian techies spills over at US review call. Banks wary of Modi governments merger plan for fear of loss of brand name. SAP India plans to train 15 lakh consultants in the next three years. The arranged marriage game. Brilliantly angry:  Gameplay There are three female protagonists and one Rishta Aunty i.e the matchmaker The Aunties goal is to get all the girls married off. She moves closer to them as she learns about things such as their ability to cook the amount of dowry theyll bring in and whether or not they have child bearing hips The girls spend their time coming up with creative ways to avoid getting hitched by the aunty. They can do so by talking about having a career gaining weight being seen in the mall with boys or several other things that every other society would consider normal but are seen as disgraceful in South Asian culture. Occasionally they might find out things about the aunty such as the fact that she has a 23 year old unmarried daughter and use that to blackmail her into moving away from them. At some point during the game the Aunty comes across the Golden Boy. The greeneyed light skinned CEO of a business with a foreign passport. This is when the entire game dynamic switches around as it turns into a rat race to get married to the dreamy Mr. Right. The girls then start to make their way towards the aunty by flaunting their talents such as the fact that they pray 5 times a day or only have female friends. Only one girl makes it in time to marry this Golden Boy and the rest are hitched off to the mamas boys and womanisers who believe that theyre Gods gift to humanity. It is best when played with 34 players Https//www.kickstarter.com/projects/1742402700/arrangedthearrangedmarriageboardgame. So I just started my first job. And I need your help with the finances part of it.: I am a fresh graduate who has started his first job. And I am so confused right now with all the financial details. The other freshers around me talk about taxes saving taxes SIPs and whatnot and I just sit there with no idea what to do. I tried googling it and have a basic idea. But how do I proceed from here Please help and suggest some resources if you can. Thanks. Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building. Disturbing trend Why is Indias unemployed youth not looking for jobs. Make for India: Just noticed foreign companies taking advantage of Make in India moment and advertising their products with Make for India wtf I hope make in India doesnt becomes a marketing tool only for multinational companies and actually benefit Indian economy . A short and subjective history of business innovations in India. Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building: [deleted]. What is Amazon India doing right that Flipkart Ola or even Uber are not. Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building: [deleted]. IIITHyderabad graduates get Rs 13 lakhRs 18.8 lakh salary offers. Jio Phone Mukesh Ambani may have just found the killer feature that would make JioPhone irresistible: [deleted]. Disturbing trend Why is Indias unemployed youth not looking for jobs: [deleted]. Manufacturing is Indias lowestpaid sector reveals Monster India study. Huawei to join offline expansion bandwagon in India. Indian stock markets Sensex and NIFTY Discussion Thread: r/indians who directly invest in stock markets where do you see the broader market moving in upcoming days Can you share the following things 1. What short/long term stock selection strategies have you used 2. How do you know when to enter/exit the market 3. Where do you get the data historical prices sales profits dividends P/E ratio etc. 4. What brokerage is good to use 5. Is it a good idea to use the brokerage service provided by our bank itself SBI/HDFC/IDBI/etc. Most importantly what advice will you give to the noobish Indian investor who is just starting to learn stock investment/trading now. Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building: [deleted]. Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building: [deleted]. IIITHyderabad graduates get Rs 13 lakhRs 18.8 lakh salary offers: [deleted]. Jio Phone Mukesh Ambani may have just found the killer feature that would make JioPhone irresistible: [deleted]. Reliance Jio Here is how private cos like Jio Flipkart Paytm are helping India in nation building. Its all about market share Arnab Goswamis funder Rajeev Chandrasekhar on Republic TV and more. 3060 Children die at Gorakhpur Hospital Musing on the heartlessness of business administration and politics. Skoda Karoq compact SUV may come to India replacing Yeti. I have some questions about the Indian banking system hopefully someone can provide some guidance.: My parents bought some savings/investment bonds before we immigrated to America. Ive only been back to India once which was last December because my brothers nowwife wanted an Indian wedding in India. My dad insisted that me and my siblings make bank accounts while in India to redeem the bonds so we did with a bank called HDFC. But it seems we never got PAN numbers or checkbooks associated with those accounts so now the redeemed money like 60000 rupees is just sitting in that bank. Its not a life changing amount of money but itd be nice to have. I get emails from the bank saying I need to update my PAN info but I dont know what that is and I cant log in to the bank without the PAN to get any of the information I would need to access the money. My parents might have to go back in the next couple weeks as my maternal grandmother might be dying shes the last direct family in India and Id prefer if they just use the money for whatever they need there and then they can convert and hand me any remaining cash so I can put it to use in America. I dont even know what questions I should be asking its byzantine compared to what Im used to. But I am looking for some sort of guidance on where to get started on getting access to whats supposed to be my money.. Flat 50 Discount Offer for all Fire Crackers for online shopper for Diwali. 4 Ultimate Reasons To Choose Adaalo For Free Classifieds India 2017. India Motors Toward Electrifying Transport on Two Wheels. Big vulnerability in the payments system of a big and seasoned ecommerce company of India IndiaMart. BolxMart online shopping store buy online grocery foods near. Petasense This tiny startup offers a big push to Modis Make in India. Decoding the Reliance Jio Phone phenomenon. GST and the remapping of India. Bitbay to launch cryptocurrency trading platform in India. Petronas to invest 150m to expand presence in India. Is the Indian Stock Market headed for a major correction: For those who are into stock market analysis there is something called elliot wave principle in technical analysis. Unlike other usual methods this method isnt any mathematical buy/sell kind of statistic but is a general pattern of price fluctuation seen across all kinds of markets and reading it is very very subjective. Without getting into much detail the principle states that any major bull market i.e. period of rise in stock prices has an uptrend of three major up legs or waves then followed by a downtrend of two quick downlegs. The downlegs are so quick and drastic that it leaves most investors broke. The pattern is something like [this]https//upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f0/Elliottwave.svg. When I saw the [nifty chart]https//www.google.com/finance/getchartqNIFTYxNSEp5Y today I felt that it has already seen its first three legs that was continuing since last few years and sitting on the brink of the two down legs Again this is a totally subjective interpretation because in modern practical markets its common to have more than five up legs in a bull market. However the magnitude of fall in this case is confirming my suspicions. If the nifty continues to fall drastically for next few days then I dont think it will stop until the two legs have been completed on the down side. Whats your opinion. Maruti revamps True Value to set up 150 dealerships by March. Indias refiners bet big on petrochemicals as industry reshapes. Recent internet growth in India is unlike anything in the history of commercial internet says Googles Rajan Anandan. India cant replace China as global manufacturing hub overnight says Beijing daily. Jet Airways Offers 30 Discount On Fares Under Independence Day Sale. Disturbing trend Why is Indias unemployed youth not looking for jobs. Uber says India business grew over 100 on year due to pool services expansion into smaller cities. Indias electric mobility plan to need 1.8lakhcr investments. Ubers investor sues exCEO Travis Kalanick for fraud mismanagement. Fixed Deposits vs Debt based Mutual Funds. TataSkoda alliance called off. Flipkart Tiger Globals big Flipkart bet is finally paying off. Your PF account will now be automatically transferred if you change your job. Ola raises Rs231 crore from Tekne Private Ventures.. Uber says India business grew over 100 on year due to pool services expansion into smaller cities: [deleted]. Bitcoin Bitbay to launch cryptocurrency trading platform in India. Mercedes cars are expensive because of taxation CEO Ronald Folger. Spice Jets announces Rs 175 crore profit in Q1. Sweden to emerge as a potential market for Indian ITSector. International cryptocurrency exchange BitBay to open India operations. A look at Bollywoods botched business model. sebi Shell shock No sales years of losses yet retail investors held up to 95 stake. Shell Companies Case SAT Stays SEBI Order On J Kumar Infra Prakash Industries. WhatsApp Beta points out at upcoming Payments interface to enable bank to bank transfer with UPI. SoftBanks Vision Fund acquires stake in Indias Flipkart. SoftBanks Vision Fund acquires stake in Indias Flipkart: [deleted]. The ghostly organisation that should have transformed Indias food warehouses. Now Gold Importers Misusing FTA Route For Money Laundering. Indias Medieval Stock Cleanup. Amazon to hire over 1000 in India in big RD push. Three Indian firms among Forbes most innovative companies. Amazon launches virtual customer service to reach wider talent pool. ICICI Bank launches instant credit cards. These three Indian firms featured in Forbes list of the worlds 100 most innovative companies. Apple poised for big steps in India Tim Cook. 83 of Indian workforce prefers to be entrepreneurs. India increases Amazons international losses five fold to 724 million in Q2. Paytm to soon bring inapp TV news live match broadcast and news aggregation partners. RIL buys 25 stake in Balaji Telefilms for Rs413 crore. Vijaypat Singhania one of Indias richest men is now penniless all thanks to his tycoon son Gautam. Benefits Of Long Term Investment. Do Not Outsource to India Here is the reason: [deleted]. Product Manufacturing Infringement: Hi Am planning to have a startup for selling few types of kitchen equipment. Would be hiring a manufacturer to do that and selling under my brand. But how do I ensure that the CMcontract manufacturer does not copy my product Is it advisable to have multiple CMs as a startup What are the various types of contracts when getting something manufactured Also do I need to check about any patents as well If yes where can that be checked and how can I ensure that my product doesnt infringe any existing patent. Can anyone tell me a brief process overview of how to proceed with things in kitchen equipments business where the manufacturing is outsourced.. Amazon takes madeinIndia to world. Bank of India turns corner Q1 profit at Rs 88 cr asset quality improves. Shell company stocks surged up to 188 in 17 but theres no exit now. 4G and 2G networks will coexist but 3G will shut down faster Airtel India CEO. Sensex falls for third day U.S.N.Korea tensions spook investors. Kotak Bank launches debit card offer for zero balance account. Titan partners with Amazon to enter US watch market. Indias electric mobility plan to need 1.8lakhcr investments. Boeing eyes India tieups for drones digital technology. Nilekani voices concern over data colonisation by global tech giants. Bridgestone to invest 304 mn in five years on India plants. PNB puts 9 large stressed accounts under insolvency and bankruptcy resolution: [deleted]. Bajaj Auto ties up with Triumph to make midcapacity motorcycles. Alarm bells for Big Bazaar Amazon may make its food retailing debut this Diwali. TRAI calls Apple anticonsumer for not allowing DND on iOS. Best Digital Marketing Advertising Agency In Gurgaon DelhiNCR. How Indias auto industry is racing to meet 2020 Bharat Stage VI deadline. Wanted at Indian tech firms opinionated millennials. 400 executives accept Cognizants voluntary separation package. Bajaj Auto Triumph announce global partnership. For online retailers the millions of Indians living in small towns are a potential goldmine. India imposes trading curbs on suspected shell companies. Bridgestone India to invest Rs 1939.37 cr for capacity expansion. Indian handset market crosses 350 million shipments in 2017. How cashback business gonna be the ruling king of ecommerce area. These 331 shell company stocks have stopped trading from today do you own any. Good read Why buying insurance house is not the way to build wealth for young couples. Interesting Indian startup about toothbrush and bamboo farmer welfare and plastic waste. where can i get a market share graph like this for 2017: http//imgur.com/a/mEL19 edit its pertaining to mutual funds.. Need help with some tax problem: I recently got one of my skinvirtaul cosmetic in a game selected ingame on steam. I get paid based on the sales. Once I have minimum 100 I can get that money at the end of next month. Problem is while filling the information for payment they ask for tax info. I need a TIN to reduce my withholding tax. Without TIN they will take 30. After searching on google i came to knew that TIN is equivalent to the VAT no. in India. But I m 19 years old . I dont have a VAT no. So i asked my dad and he told me that if i used my dads detail and his VAT no. it will reduce but my dad has to pay that tax during the tax rerurn..I actually didnt understood what he ment. What to do Will there be any extra tax other than withholding tax Can anyone explain me. PSU Banks Write Off Rs 2.49 Lakh Crore Of Loans In Five Years. Tata Steel Q1 profit jumps over 4fold on strong India Europe biz SEA disappoints. Employee first A look at Indias great midsize workplaces: [deleted]. Hotstar running Amazon advertising must be dead broke. 12 PSU banks firming plans to raise funds from markets. MobiKwik To Raise 100 Million In Funding in 2017. Uber Reaches 500 Million Rides in India Reveals Interesting Statistics: [deleted]. 400 top Cognizant executives accept VRS Times of India. 400 executives accept Cognizants voluntary separation package: [deleted]. Chinas Tencent takes digital red packets to India: [deleted]. Nikon India aims for Rs. 1200 crore revenue in 201718. Sebi finds no violation of norms at Tata companies: [deleted]. Why is India still importing Furniture: Namaste r/India as of online sources India is the largest furniture importer in the world. When I look at domestic made furniture it seems like they still sell primitive hand crafted furniture that ends up being more expensive primitive looking compared to the modern furniture that the growing middle class needs. Could someone explain to me why this is happening Primitive hand made furniture still made in India overrun by uncle shops http//www.indiatimes.com/lifestyle/self/11delightfulandaffordablelocalfurnituremarketsaroundindia256944.html. Software engineering Hey pundits do not write an obit for Indian IT just yet. The crux Indian IT meltdown. Indian Oil looks to boost refining capacity by 2030. The lowdown on the Nifty bull run. Every Financial Planner comes up with the best Plan and then wants to manage your money. Are there financial planners who only plan and dont actually manage the money. In other words are there financial planners with no conflict of interest : [removed]. Airtel takes on rival Jio with Rs 399 plan users to get unlimited local STD calls and 84 GB data for 84 days. Sebi finds no violation of norms at Tata companies: [deleted]. Ramdevs Story Shows Nexus Between Money Religion and Politics in India. The forgotten history of banking in Thrissur. Not many are aware of Thrissurs immense contribution to Indias banking history.. Maruti Suzuki Our next car should be developed in India by Indian engineers Kenichi Ayukawa MD Maruti Suzuki. With Likely Tata Exit And RCom Tottering Telecom May Be An Oligopoly Of Three Private Operators By 2020. First Indian Exchange to start trading Bitcoin Cash BCC and Litecoin on their platform.. FREE and Genuine Alternatives to MS Office Use for Free Life Time. Baba Ramdev Wanted Patanjali Employees To Work For Free Claims Former CEO. Salaries delayed at Air India airline says nothing abnormal. Sri Lankan navy commissions Indiabuilt patrol vessel constructed by Goa Shipyard Limited. Is there any dead line for cashback business in this digital world. Infosys declines Narayana Murthys request to make probe report public. An Indian dad turned his daughters favourite nursery rhymes into a milliondollar business on YouTube. India signs USD 329 million loan pact with AIIB for Guj road project. No Scope For Essar Steel To Repay Its Debts For 25 Years Says NCLT. Neymar Messi and Ronaldo Are Not as Greedy as They Look. Best Stocks to Buy for Long term Investment. How Facebook likes can get you a loan. Patanjali believes its staff does seva ExCEO S.K. Patra [NP]. Jios 4G Data Speed Double That Of Airtel In July. Reliance Jio tops TRAI June test as fastest 4G operator Airtel clocks lowest: [deleted]. Infosys to acquire Londonbased product design firm Brilliant Basics. MCX Mahindra Agri sign MoU for agriculture related price information. Gold demand shines up 30 in JanuaryJune WGC. Over 19 people in India are unbanked Study. What is Bond An Overview. Meet the man from Jharkhand who is leading Paytms ecommerce battle against Amazon. A look at LinkedIns strategy to put Indias small town jobseekers on the map. Volkswagen India Exports Its 250000th Car To Mexico. Israeli Arms Manufacturer Opens Missile Factory in India. ACTs changes in FUP arent as great as they initially appeared to be. How These Two Engineer Brothers Are Making Manufacturing Easy in India. [NP] Patanjalis swadeshi line of clothes to hit market soon. Swedens Assa Abloy acquires Indian door handle and lock maker. GST sends services activity plunging in July: [deleted]. Volkswagen India Exports Its 250000th Car To Mexico. Branding tactics kitchen antics Scion. 3 Money Mantras Of Rakesh Jhunjhunwala. With 500 Million Uber Trips And DoubleDigit Growth In India UberPool Helped Save 23 Lakh Litres Of Fuel. Japans Suzuki Motor posts higher Q1 profit on strong India sales. GST Impact Its the golden age for Indian CAs. Outliers 28 Makemytrip founder Deep Kalra shares the founders mentality: [deleted]. GST Impact Its the golden age for Indian CAs: [deleted]. GST Impact Its the golden age for Indian CAs: [deleted]. Majority find Indian products better than Chinese. Month after GST rollout 40 per cent dip in home deliveries from restaurants. Filed Income Tax returns Beware of email asking your net banking details Mail Today News. Hondas Karnataka plant is now companys biggest in the world for twowheelers. 10 brands that sound international but are actually Indian: [removed]. Bajaj Finance to pick up 11 stake in Mobikwik for Rs225 crore. Govt may let a privatised Air India retain national carrier status Arun Jaitley. RBI Governor Urjit Patel favours singlewindow clearance for affordable houses: [deleted]. Lionsgate Films to begin producing movies in India. Baba Ramdev to launch Patanjali branded clothes eyes Rs5000 crore in sales. 1 min round up on liberalization. India probably worst country to do business in ICA. India becomes Hondas largest 2wheeler manufacturing base. Banks lost Rs 88553 an hour to cybercrime in last 3 years. Essar Steel NCLT Admits Insolvency Case Appoints Interim Resolution Professional. NCLT clears way for insolvency proceedings against Essar Steel. Bootstrapped warrior Pickyourtrail to hit 8 Mn revenue by this year. RBI cuts repo rate to 61/2 years low of 6 per cent makes loans cheaper. CAs have not covered themselves in glory. Mercury Kez M250 Truepower 500Watt Power Supply: [removed]. SBI Life Insurance targets cancer treatment. With rates low it is easier to buy than rent small homes. Flipkart completes eBay India merger. After race row Jet Airways phasing out expat pilots. Ford reviewing future operations in India other nations. How Indias auto industry is racing to meet 2020 Bharat Stage VI deadline. Google Play Stores India revenue up 3x in past year. Italys Costa Cruises launches first domestic Indian luxury cruise. Ford India sales shoot up 47 to 26075 units in July 2017. Air India sale Significant debt writeoff seems to be a foregone conclusion. 3 Indian Women Take on a MaleDominated Travel Industry. Cashkaro.coms business model appears to violate Amazon and Flipkarts ToS.: Credit to /u/AAPITCELL for finding these. Also I am assuming their business model relies on paying the user a cut of the referral commission they earn when the user makes a purchase using their referral links. [Amazon Associates Program Operating Agreement]https//affiliateprogram.amazon.in/help/operating/agreement Section 7 Qualifying Purchases exclude and we will not pay advertising fees on any of the following [..] any Qualifying Purchase wherein you have offered any person or entity any consideration or incentive including any money rebate discount points donation to charity or other organization or other benefit for using Special Links e.g. by implementing any rewards or loyalty program that incentivizes persons or entities to visit the Amazon Site via your Special Links. [Flipkart Affiliate Program]https//affiliate.flipkart.com/termsandconditions Unsuitable sites include but are not limited to those that [...] Advertise affiliate links as a cashback offer . Manufacturing PMI at 47.9 records steepest contraction since Feb. 09. Tamil Nadu Generates Record Wind Power Is Forced To Shut Down Thermal Plants. Indias Capital Features Worlds First Green Local Metro Network. MTV Dropout or Dropdead for Entrepreneurs. Is anyone going to shift to Bitcoin Cash BCC here If so what local exchanges would allow it in India. Soon your order on Flipkart will be delivered by Amazon. Ola Uber drivers logon to Olx to sell their cabs as incentives dry up.. Paytm plans to launch messaging service to rival WhatsApp by August end. Snapdeals woes lift Amazons prospects of ascendancy in India. End of talks with Flipkart and a drastically reduced business clear way for US group.. Lexus May Use Toyotas Existing Production Facilities In India For CKD Operations. India Refiners Outshine Asia Peers With New Output Rising Local Demand. SoftBank in talks to invest in Indias Flipkart through fund sources. Doklam effect India said to block Fosuns 1.3 billion Gland purchase. UK car exports to India on the rise. Good Initiative taken by EPFO for sake of people. Brain Inc 2.0Multinationals are using their RD centres in India to develop some of their biggest future bets. Flipkart seals the deal with eBay over India merger ET BrandEquity. Flipkart completes eBay India merger. Google announces Made for India initiative to showcase apps optimized for Indian market. India likely to block 1.3 bn Gland PharmaFosun deal. Tata Motors readies to enter compact SUV segment with Nexon. RBI slaps Rs 3 crore penalty on Union Bank for KYC noncompliance in two cases. India raises concerns around Chinese firm Fosuns takeover of Gland Source. Boeing expects India to order up to 2100 aircraft over 20 years. SnapdealFlipkart Deal How Kunal Bahl sold the idea of Snapdeal 2.0 and whats in store. Softbanks 2 billion investment in Flipkart double blow for Snapdeal: [removed]. Snapdeal plans major layoff to slash around 80 per cent employees. Money given to spouse does not attract income tax: [deleted]. Employees get the unkindest cut in Snapdeal 2.0 Reboot: [deleted]. Why did SBI slash its savings account interest rate. Snapdeal ends merger talks with Flipkart to go solo. Break the mould How PM can push for reforms by shrinking ministry: [deleted]. SnapdealFlipkart Deal How Kunal Bahl sold the idea of Snapdeal 2.0 and whats in store: [deleted]. India to Block 1.3 Billion Chinese Pharmaceutical Takeover Sources Say. Amazon losses widen on India investments. Infosys TCS Tech Mahindra see workforce shrink for the first time. Its Final Snapdeal Has Rejected Flipkarts Offer Will Fight Alone. Heres what Snapdeal founders told employees after terminating the Flipkart deal. VMware sets up AirWatch data center in India. Boeing expects India to order up to 2100 aircraft over 20 years: [deleted]. Baba Ramdev Inside Patanjali Heres what life is like in Baba Ramdevs company. Indias Snapdeal calls off sale to Flipkart to pursue independent path. Amazon Inks Exclusive Worldwide Streaming Deal With Bollywood Star Salman Khan. SBI cuts savings account rate to 3.5 Why the bank did it What should the savers do. Mutual funds asset base from small towns up 46 to Rs 3.5 lakh crore. Vodafones student scheme offers unlimited calls 1GB/day for Rs 352. The Average Online MBA Student Analysis. Snapdeal undergoing major layoff to slash 80 percent workforce. [Serious] Huge ongoing scam on Amazon India. [Business/Finance] Huge ongoing scam on Amazon India: [removed]. Deadline For Filing Income Tax Returns ITRs Extended To August 5. Huge ongoing scam on Amazon India: Sellers url http//www.amazon.in/smerchantA10DCGAQSQ8U2F Proof images album http//imgur.com/a/IfJo3 So a few days ago I saw an old flash drive for sale and it was priced at 8k. So I messaged the seller krishnascollection to know if it were a typo and Im interested in buying it if they bring down the price. They replied that its pricey because its a collectors item and said theyll bring down the price to 4500. Which is ridiculous because we could buy a 1TB hard disk for that price. http//imgur.com/8xbTE7o http//imgur.com/kfrHXQn So I looked at their other products and it was all highly priced. 10k for an ordinary SanDisk Cruzer blade still in production and 10k for a card reader Then I realized it was a scam. They are offering to sell the products on EMI. The initial payment in the 12 month installment is close to what that product actually cost. maybe unsuspecting people buy it without realizing it and loose all the money Either way what they are doing is illegal. http//imgur.com/D7JyX7R http//imgur.com/eaoh548 So being the concerned shopper i am I emailed them saying that selling at prices above MRP is illegal and that I will approach the consumer court if they dont bring down the prices of all their products. After that they deleted that flash drive which I wanted to buy from amazon and never replied again. You can see those products if you go to their store http//www.amazon.in/smerchantA10DCGAQSQ8U2F So I believe the scam works this way. Imagine there is a pendrive being sold on amazon by two sellers. The first one is priced 600 and the second 10k. Theres only one 600 rupee pendrive left. So two people have the pendrive to their cart. the first person purchase the only 600 rupee pen drive. When the second person click purchase the order is placed to the second seller 10k. Either the customer wont notice this or its purchased under EMI where the first installment is close to 600 rupees. Either way the second seller makes money by scamming on people. There is a possibility that this is a way of money laundering. Not sure. But I bet many people have fallen into their trap and lost money. Amazon does not have a system for reporting such frauds. I looked at many products and found that other people are doing these scams. There is no one to stop them. So please help bring this to the publics attention. Thanks. EDIT From the comments this sounds like a money laundering scheme. People are paying for purchases in cash black money and making it white money. By the looks of it many people are doing it. EDIT 2 Compare this same product by different sellers. http//www.amazon.in/SandiskUltramicroSDHCMemoryAdapter/dp/B007XZM6VG ordinary seller INR 1385 http//www.amazon.in/SandiskUltramicroSDHCMemoryAdapter/dp/B007XZM6VG/refsr149mA10DCGAQSQ8U2Fampsmerchantitems krishnas collection INR 10276 Its the product the manufacturer is selling directly in India.. Income tax returns deadline extended to 5th Aug. Snapdeal calls off Flipkart merger to pursue independent path Times of India. Baba Ramdev bats for banning Chinese products. Indians should strictly ban the purchase of Chinese products.This will reduce their market in our country and they would be compelled to step back he said.. Killer pricing 2017 Jeep Compass launched at Rs 14.95 lakh. Ramdevs Patanjali fined Rs 11 lakh for putting up misleading advertisements. [Dec 16]. Ramdevs Patanjali Ads Found to be Misleading in 25 Instances [Jan. 17]. Normal Indian smarter than Einstein. SBI gains after cutting savings bank rate to 3.5 for deposits below Rs 1 cr. SBI looks to maintain MCLR at existing rates via 2tier saving interest rate: [deleted]. SBI looks to maintain MCLR at existing rates via 2tier saving interest rate: [deleted]. SBI Cuts Interest Rate On Savings Account Deposits. Soon your order on Flipkart will be delivered by Amazon: [deleted]. Snapdeal sale to Flipkart may be called off. Asset management firm marks up Flipkarts valuation by up to 64 Olas by 12. SpiceJets fairytale turnaround to become worlds best aviation stock. Amazon wins Indias approval to invest in domestic food retail. Inside Patanjali Heres what life is like in Baba Ramdevs company. Tesla Model 3 on Indian roads in 2019. Complacency kills What Indian IT can learn from Japan Korea. Indian IT firms dont need more robotic yes men they need real humans to solve problems. Decoding the Reliance Jio Phone phenomenon. Vivo India defends layoff decision post backlash from employees says its in line with business decision. Indias retail sector likely to get a shot in the arm soon. patanjali Inside Patanjali Heres what life is like in Baba Ramdevs company. ICICI Prudential Life asked to take over Sahara India Life Insurance Company. Indian IT firms dont need more robotic yes men they need real humans to solve problems. After Tesla Mercedes Benz seeks sops to aid Indias electric car ride. Amazon opens its wallet for India provides 10 cashback promotional offer. Air India was once the company that inspired Singapore Airlines and Cathay Pacific. Amazons losses jump 5fold on India investment. ONGC purchase of Gujarat State Petroleum Corp stake in Krishna Godavari basin gas field approved: [deleted]. SIS Cochin Shipyard IPOs to hit Street next week heres what to expect. 1 Bulk SMS service provider in Kerala. Airtel Vodafone Idea BSNL have more reasons to be afraid of Reliance Jio Heres why. Its time to recognise the truth a trade deal with India means concessions on immigration. Idea working with handsetmakers for cheaper mobile phones. Decoding the Reliance Jio Phone phenomenon: [deleted]. Indian IT firms dont need more robotic yes men they need real humans to solve problems: [deleted]. Amazon Pay bonanza Get 10 per cent cashback on returned items. It is also offering Rs 100 cashback as Amazon Pay balance on a bill of Rs 700 for firsttime users.. The battle for Indias egoldmine is just getting started. Linking Aadhaar and PAN proves to be costly for Air India manager xpost /r/antiaadhar. India contributes to Amazons 77 profit plunge Why company will still continue to invest here. NTT Communications to invest 160mn for new data centres in India. Flat response Tata Motors brings back designations: Just Tata being Tata after all. Citizen complaints spur review of deadline to link Aadhaar PAN xpost /r/antiaadhar. Axis Bank Snapdeal board clears the decks for sale of FreeCharge to Axis Bank. How to verify whether a GST number is valid . Infibeam and partners get contract to manage Government eCommerce Marketplace. ITC meets market expectations in Q1. Volkswagen India exports 2.5 lakh cars to Mexico. Foreign investors tuck into Indias masala bonds. India MampA value touches record high of 29.2 bn in JanJun. DCI bags Rs 102 crore contract from Bangladesh. NTT Com plans to invest over 160 million for data center expansion in India. Amazon opens its wallet for India. The Amazon Pay offers are applicable not only for transactions on Amazons own platform but also on thirdparty Web sites such as abhibus. com.. Ola Zomato tieup for cab booking amp online payments. Vivo India defends layoff decision post backlash from employees says its in line with business decision: [deleted]. Indian MultiIndustry Survey Shows 97 Awareness of Bitcoin. Axis becomes first Indian bank to acquire digital payments company FreeCharge. Air India will save 8 to 10 cr annually on nonveg food decision says Aviation Minister. IDEA Loss Of Rs 815 Crore For The June Quarter. Swiggy scam Even we got a hard deal allege Mumbai restaurateurs. Even at 11thhour AadhaarPAN link is tripping up taxpayers xpost /r/antiaadhar. Snapdeals board accepts Flipkarts up to 950 million buyout offer Sources. Airtel to launch VoLTE service to counter Reliance Jio. Indias big defence spending push has an unlikely gainer A ropemaker. Axis Bank buys Freecharge from Snapdeal for Rs 385 crore. EPFO to invest Rs 22500 crore in Exchange Traded Funds in 201718. Jio Phone Reliances free JioPhone shakes up cheap end of Indias billion dollarstrong market. Sorry Russia. Indian Air Force is unlikely to go in for the MiG35 fighter jet heres why. Snapdeal board clears the decks for sale of FreeCharge to Axis Bank: [deleted]. Bharti Airtel Q1 net tanks 75 on Jio impact African worries. We consider Narayana Murthy a well wisher not shareholder activist Infosys. Alibaba Paytm in talks with Bigbasket to buy 20 stake. Alibaba and Paytm are in a 60day exclusive pact with Bigbasket for the 200 million investment and are conducting due diligence. Snapdeal board clears the decks for sale of FreeCharge to Axis Bank: [deleted]. Axis Bank set to buy Freecharge from Snapdeal for Rs350400 crore. [Request]Finding database of property brokers/agents in Mumbai/Gujarat: Hi randia Im trying to help my dad in getting our property rented. I was wondering if theres a way I can get a excel database of all brokers in Mumbai and Gujarat Would be great if you could lead me to such databases or help me figure out how I can extract them from some sources. My goal here is to get an excel sheet containing numbers of as many brokers as possible adding them in my whatsapp broadcast list and sending out the renting details. Are there other ways to do this Thanks . Tencent backs Indian education startup BYJUs at a valuation of 800 million. An Experiment in India Shows How Much Companies Have to Gain by Investing in Their Employees. Wrong Cost Estimates Solutions to Improve Project Profitability. Is Swiggy really arm twisting small restaurant owners: I am sure many of you by now would have read the anonymous Swiggy employees blog post by now. What were your thoughts when you initially read that they were having differential treatments for restaurant owners Although the authors sounded a bit naive when they were putting forward statements like as much as we know about how the investor world works any investor would not have invested in a startup which had a decline in order volumes at such a young stage how many of you felt that it was purely by a bunch of disgruntled employees Also any insights on how should rapidly scaling companies respond to such open blog statements with insider info which was supposed to be confidential. [PSA] HDFC bank credit cards will charge 50 for Physical Statement wef 15th August 2017: Use net banking to choose card and change to estatement option.. AIB scraps plans to offshore IT roles to India. JIO phone Why Mukesh Ambani is doling out free 4G phones to everyone. Closing Bell Nifty closes above 10000 first time ever Sensex at new high on fresh buying in pharma banking. Flipkart Snapdeals board accepts Flipkarts up to 950 million buyout Sources. Stock Invest now easy with Dr stock prediction Tool. Flipkart to Buy Snapdeal Board Approves 900950Mn Buyout Offer [NP]. Mumbai Catheters reused by private hospitals for huge profits. Cushman ampamp Wakefield appoints Somil Agrawal as head India of strategic marketing. [OLD]Amazon India gears up for farmtofork agriretail biz. HomeIndia news Ram Jethmalani sends Rs 2 crore bill to Arvind Kejriwal quits as his lawyer in cases filed by Arun Jaitley Reports Ram Jethmalani sends Rs 2 crore bill to Arvind Kejriwal quits as his lawyer in cases filed by Arun Jaitley Reports: [deleted]. Get updates amp ideas on Daily Stock market Investment. Microsoft bets big on cloud eyes new customers in India. USbased Ebix puts aside 100m for India play. Shuttl AppBased Bus Service Announces New Safety Features for Passengers. income tax return No penalty for late ITR this year but here are 4 important reasons to file it in time. IIM Business of giving back picks up at Indian Bschools. Higher Pay for Axis Bank Top Management Despite Troubled Financial Year. 133 companies owe over Rs 339704 crore to exchequer FM Arun Jaitley. GST GST wont impact growing Indian smartphone market Report: [deleted]. Nifty Why is Nifty failing to hold above 10K 5 factors spoiling the party. Wine mocktails regional food Air India to woo premium passengers with new menu. Jio woes Airtel Q1 net profit tanks 75 to Rs 367 cr. 10 Brands that Sound INTERNATIONAL but are actually INDIAN. How cashback business can help to earn more money. Chennai firm brings out paid menstrual leave policy. Flipkarts PhonePe forays into offline space. Nifty breaches 10000mark for first time Sensex surges too. Governments Crop Insurance Schemes Failed Farmers Helped Insurance Companies. Chinese ecommerce giant Alibaba wants a stake in BigBasket. Nearly 200 years after its birth Indias insurance industry is opening up to the stock market. Microsoft likely invest up to 100 million in Olas parent company ANI Technology.. Will Reliance JioPhone clash with net neutrality principles. MARKETS LIVE Nifty trades flat after hitting 10k market breadth negative. JiiPhone registration started Apply for booking.. GST GST wont impact growing Indian smartphone market Report: [deleted]. Airtel 4G Average Speeds Nearly 3 Times Higher Than Jio Says OpenSignal. Alphabet Appoints Google CEO Sundar Pichai to its Board of Directors. IPO Alert Global Space Technologies SME IPO to open on July 26. Ashok Leyland receives a Rs 650 crore order for 3019 buses from KSRTC. Brand HPCL will remain intact as it is Dharmendra Pradhan Oil Minister. On ecomm sites the skys the limit for prices. Sanjeev Bikhchandani Sanjeev Bikchandanis value system helped me while building MakeMyTrip Deep Kalra Technology News ETtech. Lowcost flying in for the long haul. The worlds bestperforming stock market reaches a milestone. nifty10000. chase your dream hindi motivational entrepreneurship audio. Banks lost Rs 88553 an hour to cybercrime in last 3 years Times of India. Googles Sundar Pichai to join Alphabets Board. Bollywood Celebrities Embrace Bitcoin. Indian Bitcoin Hotspot Bangalore Sees 50 Merchants Added This Month: [deleted]. GET STARTED WITH 250 in CLASS CASH . Indias Nifty 50 Leads 9 Global Equity Averages While The German DAX Has Become A Drag. Comio to invest Rs 500 cr in India eyes 5 mkt share in 3 yrs. No matter how competitive your niche is there are still little cracks here and there where newcomers can sprout up. Dear HDFC Bank you win.. Japanese bet on India story Nomura India fund rises fourfold to 3.6 b in a year. Amazons new Go Local policy worries online sellers. Amazon offers 7080 million for FreeCharge. The Indian startups promo video making waves in the Business Studies world across South East Asia. Proud to be an Indian.. Pro Niti Travel Burma travel guide. What Business do you own or plan to own: What business you are planning to own if not owned yet.. Nissans Association With the Champions League Scion. NDTV Fires Around 70 Staffers Editors Say The Company Is Shifting To MoJo: [deleted]. Well Done Lucknow Metro First Metro to Provide Free Water and Toilet. How the JioPhone could end up choking 2G networks and other feature phone vendors. Shirt Measurement by Tailor at your home in Delhi. How Tatas New Chairman Plans to Fix Indias Biggest Company. This Indian Startup is charging 0 fee for Buying amp Selling Ethereum in India with rupees. Jet Airways Jet Airways asks junior pilots to furnish Rs 1 crore bonds. Ola invests Rs 100 crore in car leasing subsidiary. Future of renewable energy Sunny investment climate for solar technology in India. IIM Business of giving back picks up at Indian Bschools: [deleted]. NASSCOM Indian IT sector to see up to 38 fewer jobs this fiscal: Many of us watching the IT services sector already knew this but here is an update from [NASSCOM article link]http//www.beyondlayoff.com/2017/07/indianitsectortoseeupto38fewer.html In what comes as a harbinger of turbulent times setting in for the IT sector NASSCOM has said the industry would create 2038 fewer jobs in FY18 compared to fiscal 2017. The industry would create 1.31.5 lakh new jobs lateral plus campus in FY18 while it had added 1.8 lakh jobs in FY17. At its peak the sector added nearly 2.40 lakh jobs a year..  . CA FINAL CASE STUDY BY PROFF. NIHIT JHAVERI [Sahara Scam Explained]. With effectively free JioPhone Reliance Jio rings in disruption beyond telecom. Suzlon Climbs as India Sets More Ambitious Wind Energy Tenders. The future of work in India is funky coworking spaces not stuffy offices. 40 of Fortune 500 companies Asian India has 7 in list. Shah Rukh Khan Bachchan family and Ajay Devgn get ED notices over forex remittances. 6 telcos including Airtel Idea underreported revenue by Rs61064.5 crore CAG Livemint. Bharti Airtel Vodafone Idea Cellular understated revenue by Rs 61000 cr CAG. Sahara Scam Explained by Prof. Nihit Jhaveri. Very helpful video.. 40 of Fortune 500 companies Asian. India has 7 in list.. India to phase out 5.5 GW of coalfired power plants. India to phase out 5.5 GW of coalfired power plants: [deleted]. IndiaChina border tiff may derail 1.3 bn FosunGland Pharma deal. The Indian startup ecosystem is like the caste system. Reliance JioPhone and its features. The miseducation of Pearson Byjus TutorVista acquisition explained. India considering to change financial year to JanDec Jaitley: [deleted]. Modi and Adani Relation Lobbying and Crony Capitalism : ModiAdani Relation When Adanis son was married in Goa is 2013 guest list included the richest man in the country and many a chief executive and top banker and bureaucrat. Most however just stopped by the night before to bless the happy couple and skipped the actual wedding. But one prominent friend stayed through all the ceremonies over a couple of days genial and relaxed like a favorite uncle. It was Narendra Modi chief minister of Adanis home state of Gujarat. [SourceForbes]https//www.forbes.com/sites/meghabahree/2014/03/12/doingbigbusinessinmodisgujarat/598fa3004df5 When Modis keynote address at Wharton India Economic Forum was cancelled due to protest by the professors and students the main sponsor Gautam Adani also opted out of the event. [SourceIndia Times]http//www.indiatimes.com/news/morefromindia/nomodinowhartongautamadanioptsoutofevent64309.html Modi had used a fleet of three Adaniowned aircraft a jet and two choppers during his election campaign [SourceTelegraph]https//www.telegraphindia.com/1140524/jsp/nation/story18376709.jsp In 2003 Modi the chief minister of Gujarat was taken to task by the Confederation of Indian Industry for the antiMuslim riots in the state. Leading the charge were prominent industrialists like Rahul Bajaj and Jamshyd Godrej. The CIIs attack on Modi provoked an angry reaction by a group of Gujarati industrialists who organised themselves under the Resurgent Gujarat Group. Adani and Mehta were the leading lights of the RGG which took on the CII on Modis behalf. The CII was forced to apologise to the chief minister. [SourceDailyO]http//www.dailyo.in/politics/howmodihasplacedhisoldfriendsadaniandtorrentonthehightable/story/1/1566.html Adanis Gains Adani has travelled with Modi in the past year more than any other billionaire helping him emerge as the most prominent face of India Inc. to the wider world. His wealth has more than quadrupled since Modi announced his candidacy in September 2013 the biggest gain among the countrys elite. He travelled with Modi to US Australia Bhutan Brazil Japan France and China. After most of Modis foreign visits Adani bagged business agreement from these countries. [SourceLivemint]http//www.livemint.com/Companies/lf3WSzczbG4CLQtageeGbM/MeetGautamAdanithebillionairetrottingtheglobewithN.html The rates at which the Adani Group bagged land from the Narendra Modiled Gujarat government for its port and special economic zone SEZ project between Re 1 and Rs 32 per square metre were much lower than other companies that set up units in the state. Tata Motors was given 1110 acres for its Nano car plant in Sanand near Ahmedabad at Rs 900 per sq mt Ford India paid at Rs 1100 per sq mt for 460 acres close by while Indias largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki bought about 700 acres in Hansalpur at Rs 670 per sq mt. Among other industrial groups K Raheja Corp was sold land at Rs 470 per sq mt while TCS had to pay at Rs 1100 per sq mt and Torrent Power at Rs 6000 per sq mt. one acre equals 4046.86 square metres. [SourceBusiness Standard]http//www.businessstandard.com/article/companies/adanigroupgotlandatcheapestratesinmodisgujarat1140425012281.html Gujarats Infrastructure Development Act was amended in 2006 to make way for directnegotiation instead of competitive bidding for innovative publicprivate partnerships and private infrastructure projects [SourceEast Asia Forum]http//www.eastasiaforum.org/2014/04/20/isnarendramodiacronycapitalistorjustbestfriendtobusiness/ The controversial 1 Billion loan with State bank of India [SourceBusiness Standard]http//www.businessstandard.com/article/companies/adanigroupgotlandatcheapestratesinmodisgujarat1140425012281.html Special Economic Zones Rules 2016 were amended by the department of commerce to insert a provision on claims for refund under the Special Economic Zones Act 2005. The SEZ Act under which the SEZ Rules are framed did not initially provide any provision for refunds of any kind before this amendment was introduced. The Adani Power Ltd. has claimed that it has paid customs duty on raw materials and consumables that is coal imported for the generation of electricity. However documents leaked to the EPW clearly indicate that the APL had not in fact paid the duty on raw materials and consumables amounting to approximately Rs 1000 crore that had fallen due at the end of March 2015. It appears at face value that by amending the SEZ Rules to insert a provision for companies to claim refunds on customs duty the department of commerce is allowing the Adani Power Ltd. to claim refunds on the duty that has never been paid by it in the first place [SourceWire.in]https//thewire.in/149156/modigovernmentadanigroup/ Finance Ministry is not filing a review petition in the Supreme Court against Adani group for Tax Invasion of around 1000 Crore Despite allegation by Directorate of Revenue Intelligence DRI [SourceWire.in]https//thewire.in/99801/adanigrouptaxevasion/ Ironically the biggest black money case that has come up before the SIT so far is that of the Adani group. The Adani group allegedly took out over Rs 5000 crore to tax havens using inflated bills for the import of power equipment from South Korea and China the SIT on black money was told by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence DRI and the Enforcement Directorate ED. The Adani group vehemently denies any wrongdoing. Modi after his rhetoricfilled ride to power has been silent. Since Modis ascension to office what has happened in the ED which had registered a preliminary case against Adani in Ahmedabad and was handed details of DRI findings is illustrative. The officer heading the Ahmedabad branch of the directorate was raided by the CBI which accused him of possessing disproportionate assets. It failed to prove anything at all despite months of investigation. The two seniormost officers in the Mumbai regional office who oversaw the investigations in Ahmedabad were forced out of the agency. The tenure of Rajan S. Katoch who was heading the directorate when the case was opened also ended abruptly. Apart from the Adani case the Ahmedabad ED investigators were also pursuing some of the biggest money launderers of Gujarat.[SourceWire.in]https//thewire.in/58640/blackmoneyinvestigationafeastofvultures/. The Debt Threat Lurking Behind Indias Zombie Power Plants. Delhi Bengaluru Are Best Cities For Women Entrepreneurs In India. Ambani announces 1 bonus share for every 1 share held. Jio phone will be available for an effective price of Rs 0 Ambani Times of India. Jio phone will be available for an effective price of Rs 0 Ambani. Reliance AGM 2017 Free 4G VoLTE feature phone launched. Isros satellite launcher turns into moneyspinner. These Indian robots are marching into the worlds warehouses. SAIL ArcelorMittal steel units site to be finalised in 3 months. ICICI Bank offers up to Rs 15 lakh instant personal loan via ATMs. Bigger better on ONGCs purchase of HPCL. Centre to set up eportal to regulate online sale of drugs. RIL buys 25 stake in Balaji Telefilms for Rs413 crore. The Indian startup ecosystem is like the caste system: [deleted]. MBA or ACCA: So Im going through the quarter life crisis and dont know what to do next. I have 3 years of work experience as a sales professional and I need to do another degree so I can switch careers or you know make more money. From my research it seems that an MBA is valuable only if I do it from a top tier uni. And Im pretty sure Im not getting into any of the IIMs given my STELLAR performances in 10th and 12th. Neither can I get a 99.9999999 percentile in CAT. Im open to doing the MBA from a uni in the US but pulling in the huge amount of money is going to be hard. I can get upwards of 700 in GMAT if I work my ass off. Looking at other options gt ACCA and CIMA. I chose ACCA since its more prestigious thats what the internet says and Ill just have to write 3 papers in CIMA if I clear ACCA successfully. Now should I pursue the ACCA given that it might take up to 4 years to complete will some girl marry me when Im 29 with a low paying job D or should I just suck it up and do an MBA in Amrika EDIT Wanted to add that Im not considering the Indian CA because I want to be able to travel and work. Dream is to work in Singapore China Dubai Indonesia Switzerland and of course England before I settle and start my own business. Far fetched I know but I would like to be able to grab the opportunity when it presents itself. . Paytm axes threequarters of its sellers to fight counterfeits. Isro earns 6.1 million euros from 29 nanosatellite launches on June 23. Cleveland CycleWerks to introduce its bikes in India by September 2017. Indian Tech Startup Funding Report H1 2017 5.56 Bn Invested Across 452 Deals. Jio website accidentally announces fiber plans 3 months of 100Mbps capped at 100GB. No GSTIN no payments eBay to sellers. Electric taxis autorickshaws on Mumbai roads soon. Ubers UPI integration goes live Paytm vs UPI. Salary data for Indias top executives show companies cutting back on pay hikes. The median increase in salaries of Indias top executives was only 2.3 in 201617 against 19.2 a year ago. Reliance Jio on IUC Big telcos made excess recovery of Rs 1.2 lakh crore. Reliance Jio on IUC Big telcos made excess recovery of Rs 1.2 lakh crore: [deleted]. Salary data for Indias top executives show companies cutting back on pay hikes. The median increase in salaries of Indias top executives was only 2.3 in 201617 against 19.2 a year ago: [deleted]. Ubers UPI integration goes live Paytm vs UPI: [deleted]. Electric taxis autorickshaws on Mumbai roads soon: [deleted]. Indian GST Tax Slab Rates Finder. Presidential Election 2017 Who will be the next President of India Jessica Dsilva. Cochin Shipyard Ltd IPO 2017 10 Points You must know. Gst Credit Calculator. Google Will Now Offer IT Consulting In India Will Directly Compete Against IT Biggies Like TCS Infosys. Ford to export to USA its Ecosport produced in India. From a tiny garage to Indias largest online poker site Meet the kingpin of Indian poker. India most affected by spam calls biggest spammers are telcos Truecaller. Pay for uber with UPI. Inflation is falling but it still hurts the retired. private sector banks A look at how laggards like Lakshmi Vilas Bank Federal Bank and DCB Bank are scripting a turnaround. A Small 7Employees Israeli Startup Gets 20 Mn Funding From India. Coming soon to India Electric buses that can swap batteries at petrol pumplike facilities. Ahead of stake sale Air India plans to offer voluntary retirement to 15000 employees. Top Models Call Girls in Dehradun low prices on short: [removed]. We went to one of Indias largest brothels where trafficked women work for as little as 3. Digital gold paves way for Paytms entry into small towns semiurban areas. Mahindra Group to double US investment in next 5 years. Flipkart to test market online groceries service launches pilot project. Ahead of privatization Air India may offer VRS to one third of its 40000 employees. private sector banks A look at how laggards like Lakshmi Vilas Bank Federal Bank and DCB Bank are scripting a turnaround: [deleted]. Panama papers India joins global task force: [deleted]. GEA to build Asias largest milk production facility in India. GEA to build Asias largest milk production facility in India: [deleted]. Government of Andhra Pradesh has joined Enterprise Ethereum Alliance. Tribunal upholds tax demand raised on NDTV Livemint. [NP] What is Goods and Service Tax GST / GST Explained in very simple language. Jet Airways adds 96 new weekly flights in expansion drive. Is anyone missing McDonalds McDonalds temporary closure in Delhi did not particularly bother anyone. Customers who did not know came saw the shuttered stores and moved to the next food outlet. Indian etailer Flipkart ups odds of buying Snapdeal with raised bid sources. Exclusive India considers private cars for ridesharing to cut traffic. ITC erases Rs50000 crore in market value shares tank 13 on higher cigarette cess: [deleted]. Whatever happened to BHIM: Wasnt it supposed to be the best thing ever Do any of you use it . ITC tanks 15 as analysts downgrade after GST Council hikes cess on cigarettes. Reliance Industries Shell And ONGC Get 3 Billion Notice Over Arabian Sea Oil Fields.. DHS Approves an Additional 15000 H2B Visas for FY17: [deleted]. India raises tax on cigarettes. Fino Payments Bank looking to raise Rs 200 crore. All you wanted to know about...HAMthe HybridAnnuity Model.. Exclusive India considers private cars for ridesharing to cut traffic: [deleted]. Indias Flipkart lifts bid for rival Snapdeal to up to 950 million sources: [deleted]. SampP Global sets up global talent centre in Hyderabad to hire 650. ITC tanks 15 as analysts downgrade after GST Council hikes cess on cigarettes: [deleted]. RIL Shell ONGC asked to pay 3 billion in penalty. Google launches professional consulting services in India. [Shower Thought] Start Ups are a government excuse to hide unemployment: [deleted]. Number of zombie firms falls in FY17 but still remains high Livemint. GST Council Hikes Compensation Cess On Cigarettes: [deleted]. ELI5 India How come the rent rates are much cheaper in India but the property prices are comparable to US: Also does it make sense to buy the property when your EMI is 80K but rent is 25K. TVS Motor starts exporting BMW bikes. What to do if your bank does not listen to your complaint. Exclusive Standard Lifes Gerry Grimstone On The Merger Failure And IPO Ahead. BSNL will be back to profits by FY19 says Anupam Shrivastava. Air India to save Rs 10 crore with ban on nonveg food here is why focus should be on management not meal menu. TCS Wont let TCS go away from Lucknow says UP finance minister Rajesh Agarwal. Howd you pay for college: Throwaway account Im starting college in August but my issue is that the college is quite expensive. I dont want to burden my parents with such expenses so I was wondering how you paid for college and so how could I pay for college If it makes any difference Im going to DA IICTjust got the admit so any of DAs alumni could answer thatd be great.. SpiceJet in a quandary as former promoter claims his dues. Paytm Mall in talks to invest 200 million in BigBasket. Mahindra group plans to invest 1 billion in US over five years. This Bangalore startup has set out to become the Coursera for doctors: [deleted]. Reliance Industries second company after TCS to cross Rs5 trillion in market cap. Reliance Industries second company after TCS to cross Rs5 trillion in market cap: [deleted]. BSNL to offer ultra fast 1000 mbps broadband services. Bharat Petroleum Makes First US Oil Purchase Buys Mars Poseidon. Jagga Jasoos tanks in opening weekend Disney likely to lose more than Rs40 crore. Why Are Prompt Undertakings Required For Our Ecosystem. Hey I am very much interested in buying a property at goa. Though have no idea which place would be the best. It would be great if anyone can suggest some localities or places which are good in terms of residence/community places in goa. Thanks in advance.. A Short Guide to Buying Term Insurance in India. 60countriesdigital competitiveness index by HBR. Operators manipulating price of latest IPO listings by cornering shares writes SP Tulsian. Bitcoins The emergence of a new asset class Saurabh Agrawal Zebpay India. The startup masterclass why entrepreneurs are going back to school. Google plans to double headcount for cloud business in India. Indias BPCL makes its first US oil purchase. Mahindra group to pump in 1 bn in US over next 5 years. The Mumbaiheadquartered group which currently employs around 3000 people in the country also plans to double the headcount over the next five years as it looks to expand operations.. HPCL to invest 61000 crore Rising demand for fuel forces the firm to raise capacity. An Indian balloon seller carries loads of balloons purchased from a whole seller to be sold in a market in Allahabad India Friday July 14 2017. Each balloon is purchased 0.15 from wholesale market and is sold for 0.30 to customers. Photo credit Rajesh Kumar Singh / AP Photo. investment Mahindra group to pump in 1 billion in US over next 5 years. Number of public sector banks may go down to 12 as govt mulls consolidation [NP]. 60 Countries Digital Competitiveness IndexedHBR: [deleted]. UM begins export of Made in India motorcycles to Nepal. BuyUcoin launched Indias first cryptocurrency wallet and exchange platform.. Indian states ranked by foreign tourists footfall data from year 2015. India launches solar project in Egypt. investment Mahindra group to pump in 1 billion in US over next 5 years: [deleted]. Siemens first digifactory in India open for business. Guenter Butschek Tata Motors MD Guenter Butschek writes impassioned letter to employees about the companys crisis. Bharti Airtel to invest Rs 2000 cr in Project Next. Air Indias forgotten founding father. The reason behind Nasser Munjees resignation as Britannia director. GST to severely dent liquidity of exporters FIEO. FPIs Stay Bullish On India Pour Rs 11000 Crore In July So Far. India still faces bureaucratic barriers but there is potential case for investing Mark Mobius. Shift to electric vehicles in India by 2030 desirable feasible Anand Mahindra. SS Mundra dispels fears about future of weak banks. SS Mundra dispels fears about future of weak banks: [deleted]. FPIs stay bullish on India pump in Rs 11000 cr in July so far. LIC sells 2 stake in Mahindra and Mahindra. Can someone please clear my doubt regarding GST registration: [deleted]. Buy Check Half Sleeve Cotton Shirt Online. India to overtake Japan in steel production in 2 years Tata Steel official. From Today SBI RTGS NEFT Charges Revised. Details Here. Need help understanding and calculating my TDS: [deleted]. HRA How to claim tax exemption on HRA without landlords PAN. The 4G Scam Jio aur khao. Why on earth is Patanjalis Ramdev building an army of security men. The truth behind the cult of the startup. Indias Ganga Waterway An Artery for Trade. Wholesale price index inflation falls to 0.9 in June. 7 Steps you can file your ITR without Form 16. Reliance Jio LYF upcoming 4g featured phone design has been leaked which was rs 500: Reliance chairman Mukesh Ambani expected to demonstrate the plan of this 4g featured phone on 21 July in companys annual meeting. Reliance Jio 4g featured phone at rs 500 was seems to be big announcement for the company to become a great push of this year as this was a big rumoured launch on 21 July. In leaked image posted by TechPP it will have 2.4 inch colour screen and branded as LYF assembled with T9 keypad and dedicated flashlight button specially. And also offer a 4 way navigation key with recieving and cancelling call button. This featured phone also offers 512MB RAM 4GB flash storage expandable up to 128GB a front VGA camera and a 2MP rear camera. TechPP posted that In terms of connectivity there is WiFi with VoWiFi support but lacks WiFi tethering or hotspot functionality and supports Bluetooth 4.1 and GPS.. NanoPhone Smallest Phone in the World Launched in India. Sensex tops 32K for first time ever 5 factors fuelling this rally. TCS Infosys fares better than TCS but shortterm pressure continues. GST With less than a fortnight under GST here is how companies are already trying to game the system: [deleted]. Why GST is Getting Surat Terrified. IT firms are firing. Do you have any legal safeguards. Want to setup and do business in an easy way Register amp run your company in Estonia sitting at home. Details here.: TIL How to access a PayPal business account from any country https//medium.com/eresidencyblog/howtoaccessapaypalbusinessaccountfromanycountryf5360419fed8 FAQs https//eresident.gov.ee/faq/. India exports tuktuks or auto rickshaws to Africa. Nagpur takes first step in embracing emobility. Indias Exports rise for 10th consecutive month in June. Prabhu dedicates Indias first solarpowered train to the nation. Indias TCS Sees Big Opportunity in Manufacturing Life Sciences. Reliance Jio adds 4.78 mln Airtel trails with 2.09 mln customer additions in May Trai. Infosys strengthens partnership with online education provider Udacity. Mumbai Could Soon Get Two Wheeler Taxis. Paytm buys majority stake in ticketing platform Insider.in. Tata group in talks with 21st Century Fox to sell Tata Sky stake. Adani Group Issues Defamation Notice To EPW Journal For Story On Rs 500 Crore Favors From Govt. Infosys fares better than TCS but shortterm pressure continues: [deleted]. Tata Sons appoints chief digital officer. Walmart to invest 900 crore open 15 stores in Maharashtra. Essar steel suppressed facts SBI to Gujarat HC. Markets at record highs on rate cut hopes but are high valuations justified. Patanjali among Indias top 10 most influential brands. Going for a house loan: What details should I get from bank They are asking many documents what documents we need to get from them Experienced people give me an idea .. Railways gets stiff target from PMO 20 MT of cargo to be diverted from road to rail. Vijay Mallya case ED reveals liquor baron laundered over Rs 1300 crore through 13 shell companies. India Plans Open Sky Pact With Countries Within 5000 km Oman Air CEO. NCLT orders McDonalds to reinstate Bakshi as MD of India joint venture. Snapdeal Flipkart could offer 900950 million for Snapdeal. Country held back by weak infrastructure trade mechanism. Axis Bank to Launch the First Smart City Projects in India with Cardtek OpenLoop Payment and RuPay L2 Kernel Solutions. India In High Spirits Despite Liquor Ban 3 Indian Liquor Brands In Global Top 10. Foxconn aims to kick off exports from India to Gulf Africa by Dec. Foxconn aims to kick off exports from India to Gulf Africa by December: [deleted]. The Other Side of GST The GST will force the informal sector to either enter the formal sector or shut down. With too many rules in formal sector it is obvious many businesses will shut and people will lose jobs.. Walmart to invest Rs900 crore to open 15 outlets in Maharashtra. Govt asks Amazon to keep food business separate from flagship marketplace. Walmart to invest Rs900 crore to open 15 outlets in Maharashtra: [deleted]. Why Google Facebook And WhatsApp Want To Join Indias Payments Revolution. Steve Jobs Life Story How He Make Apple Company Urdu And Hindi. Insurance Broking in India. NLC India tenders for 709MW of solar in Tamil Nadu. Indias Hotstar agrees content deal with CBS to keep up with rival Amazon. Ford edges ahead of Hyundai in car exports from India. Indias Hotstar agrees content deal with CBS to keep up with rival Amazon: [deleted]. NEFT and RTGS charges slashed by up to 75 percent by State Bank of India: [deleted]. Axis Bank IIC pact to boost trade with Latin America. Get To Know More About Basket Bag. 7.28 crore got selfemployed Amit Shah answers jobless growth critics. Snapdeal Flipkart could offer 900950 million for Snapdeal: [deleted]. Sensex hits 32K for the first time ever Nifty nears 9900 Whats fuelling this rally: [deleted]. Microsoft Sun shines for Cloud but GST can be pivotal for Microsoft. Amazon Government asks Amazon to keep food business and marketplace separate. government bonds Franklin Templeton shakes up Bond Street with Rs 9000 crore bulk buy. SBI reduces NEFT RTGS charges up to 75. Flipkart could offer 900950 million for Snapdeal. Reliance Jio acknowledges systems breach in police complaint. Indias Reliance Jio acknowledges systems breach in police complaint. 7.28 crore got selfemployed Amit Shah answers jobless growth critics: [deleted]. Sensex hits 32K for the first time ever Nifty nears 9900 Whats fuelling this rally: [deleted]. U.S.based construction firm CDM Smith paid bribes worth around 1.18 million to the NHAI during 201115 to bag contracts.. SnapDeal Flipkart could offer 900950 million for Snapdeal: [deleted]. domestic airports Kerala airports handle more international passengers than domestic. CPI at 1.54 below RBI comfort zone. Tata Nano. Switch to Vegetarian Food on Air India Causes an Uproar. Branded Stainless Steel Collar Stays in India Privee Paris. WhatsApp gets NPCI nod for UPI payment tieups with banks Google awaiting RBI okay: [deleted]. US IT firm ATCS expands hires in India. Google acquires Indiabased Halli Labs a startup using AI to fix old problems. India reserves railway procurement for small businesses. Indias Zee Entertainment builds disaster recovery in the cloud. Is the US Capturing Crude Oil Market Share in China and India. SnapDeal Flipkart could offer 900950 million for Snapdeal: [deleted]. India and China to have highest global chocolate market growth during 20152020. Sell the family jewels before they lose their lustre. Reliance finally acknowledges the data leak. Were getting deFANGed and Ubered. How GST benefits for affiliate cashback business. Industrial output growth drops to 1.7 per cent in May from 8 per cent in the same month last year.. Leave on First Day of Period For Women StaffPolicy introduces by Mumbai Startup. India is a great place for innovation Microsoft. SBI waives charge on IMPS fund transfer of up to Rs 1000. Ominous retreat on weakening bond markets. Hyd HC serves notice to Tech Mahindra over layoffs 4 employees had moved court. The petitioners alleged that their services were terminated illegally and that they were given no notice.. For Sale One International Airline With 8 Billion of Debt. US decision to delay startup visas to impact Indian entrepreneurs Read more at http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/59552511.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. Google Awaiting RBI Approval to Begin UPIBased Android Pay Services NPCI. WhatsApp gets NPCI nod for UPI payment tieups with banks Google awaiting RBI okay: [deleted]. Uber Amazon on UPI soon Google WhatsApp also in pipeline. GST Effect Flipkart Amazon Will Resume Order Deliveries to UP Bihar: [deleted]. US decision to delay startup visas to impact Indian entrepreneurs: [deleted]. Bankruptcy proceedings to make the wallets of consultants fatter: [deleted]. Chartered Accountants DeMo GST and now chartered accountants. GST eats into restaurant business sales down 25. Air India Air India should be the first satvik airline. Reliance Jio Launches New Prepaid ampamp Postpaid Plans with Unlimited Voice calls ampamp 4G Data. India Inc moves in Syria as peace returns in wartorn country. India has a new bank designed specifically for Indians afraid of banks. Stay Fit: [removed]. Printline Media concludes first round funding with stellar list of investors N.R. Narayana Murthy Ratan Tata Nandan Nilekani Uday Kotak Family Kiran Mazumdar Shaw Rajiv C. Mody Paytm founder Vijay Shekhar Sharma are eminent investors in the venture: [deleted]. Printline Media Pvt Ltd publisher of ThePrint concludes first round of funding with stellar list of investors.. Mcap of BSElisted cos jumps to record high of Rs 130 lakh cr. SnapDeal Flipkart to make revised offer for Snapdeal this week. Indian Tech Startup Funding Report 5.5 Bn Invested Across 452 Deals. Amazon prime what did you buy what would you recommend buying: what did you buy what would you recommend buying. Is consolidation among telcos good or bad for tower companies. mla Extract Tannins 20 45. Jio website accidentally announces fiber plans 3 months of 100Mbps capped at 100GB. The 10 billion Deal IDFCShriram Mega Merger: [deleted]. Inside Facebooks bid to become the Indian governments default town square. Centre to clear Amazons 500 mn investment proposal. Policy clarity infra support key to make evehicles affordable says Maruti MD. Amazon prime what did you buy what would you recommend buying: [deleted]. Tata Steel commissions solar power plant at Noamundi iron ore mines. Bharti Airtel to invest Rs 2000 cr in Project Next. Amazon gets govt nod to invest in food retail in India. Arun Jaitley Launches Aaykar Setu An App To Pay Taxes Apply For PAN Card. Its official Indian banks health will worsen. Air Indias forgotten founding father. SnapDeal Flipkart to make revised offer for Snapdeal this week: [deleted]. Reliance Jio impact How much have consumers saved on mobile phone bills. Prime Sale Buy one TV ampamp get one free as Amazon sale starts at 6 PM: [deleted]. Would You Go to an AstronomyThemed Resort. Tragedy of India. Traders dig out loopholes to pay less avoid tax: [deleted]. Decreased labour productivity seen in Asia India an exception. Google seeks RBI approval for entry into Indias digital payments space. India Approves Amazons Proposal for Online Food Retailing Update. Omega Healthcare to hire 1000 people in 6 months. Amazon gets govt nod to retail food in India. Top deals for todays Amazon Prime Day sale. Buy one TV amp get one free as Amazon sale starts at 6 PM: [deleted]. Flipkart to make revised offer for Snapdeal this week: [deleted]. How to draw up a written agreement or contract in India: Have been wondering how to draw up a semiformal agreement for rendering any kind of services to a local business. Considering I am a freelancer can you recommend some locally used templates for a business contract that covers common issues Also any advice about how to get a business deal in writing will be appreciated. I mean when to bring it up etc. People here seem to operate completely on word of mouth and I have been burned many times. How to get a written agreement from them. NSE tech glitch Normal trading starts at 1230 pm Nifty ends above 9700 for 1st time. Tech Snag NSE should thank its stars its not listed: [deleted]. Will BSE NSE extend trading hours till 5 pm: [deleted]. Ola Indias Largest RideHailing Service Eyes International Markets. Airtel postpaid customers to carry forward unused data to next billing cycle: [deleted]. Amazon Prime in India Really Worth it for Rs.499 a Year. India buys first ever US crude oil to step up purchases Times of India. VegOnly For Economy Fliers In India To Cut Wastage Says Air India. NSE hit by technical glitch trade halted. McDonalds The journey from a small eatery to a billion dollar empire. Next tranche of sovereign gold bonds opens Heres all you need to know. [Serious] Why is Sensex going up and up: The Sensex hasnt seen a real fall in quite some time. There is news that banks health is to worsen further and the Sensex has already risen 200 points today. Normally there is a correction at least from people booking a profit but even that doesnt seem to be happening. Oh and thousands of people are expected to lose their IT jobs and its stocks are rallying like theres no tomorrow. . Amazon looks to ink JVs with Daburs Burman family Infosys Gopalakrishnan. TCS is quietly transforming itself to take on Indias emerging tech scene. IDFC Shriram merger IDFC and Shriram Group to finalise 10 billion mega merger within 90 days. reserve bank of india RBI governors should keep shut on matters outside their domain: [deleted]. Its official Indian banks health will worsen Livemint: [deleted]. Major technical glitch hits NSE Cash FampO trade crippled: [deleted]. Indian Oil to receive firstever US crude import in October. No nonveg for domestic economy class fliers on Air India. [Audio] Courtesy Moneycontrol.com Quit by 10 am or youre fired Tech Mahindra HR rep tells employee.. Indian Oil to receive firstever US crude import in October. Amazon gears up for Indias first Prime Day. IDFC Shriram merger IDFC and Shriram Group to finalise 10 billion mega merger within 90 days: [deleted]. G20 Summit 2017 India gets G20 praise on ease of doing business startup funding labour reforms: [deleted]. reserve bank of india RBI governors should keep shut on matters outside their domain: [deleted]. The SpiceJet turnaround story and how it became worlds best aviation stock. Suspense over demonetised notes may finally end in next two weeks. reserve bank of india RBI governors should keep shut on matters outside their domain: [deleted]. GST As companies seek a way out of GST maze a Delhi family finds itself in unprecedented demand: [deleted]. The truth behind the cult of the startup. Does Amazon Prime in India Really Worth for Rs.499 a Year: [deleted]. Mobile phone price DoT insists on GPS in feature phones prices may rise by 30 per cent: [deleted]. G20 Summit 2017 India gets G20 praise on ease of doing business startup funding labour reforms: [deleted]. Mobile phone price DoT insists on GPS in feature phones prices may rise by 30 per cent: [deleted]. Bhopals bike sharing sets a new trend. GST news ColgatePalmolive cuts prices of toothpaste toothbrush by 9 per cent: [deleted]. Making tracks around the world. Cheng Shin says India plant to start in June. reserve bank of india RBI governors should keep shut on matters outside their domain: [deleted]. Rahul Yadavs mean startup streak could end up on TV soon A web series on Housing spat: [deleted]. reserve bank of india RBI governors should keep shut on matters outside their domain: [deleted]. Can I have my Son 3 years Old as a Cofounder for My App Startup Infoon APp. Microsofts Big Plans for India Run Into Trouble. Why Indian IT Companies May Hire More Freelancers PartTimers. CBI CBI files charge sheet in Rs 126crore Gujarat telecom scam Telecom News ET Telecom. How a Yoga Guru Is Mastering the Consumer Goods Market in India. GST rate finder app: [removed]. Tips to survive when your salary is slashed. IDFC Shriram merger IDFC and Shriram Group to finalise 10 billion mega merger within 90 days: [deleted]. GST news ColgatePalmolive cuts prices of toothpaste toothbrush by 9 per cent: [deleted]. Westinghouse Could Be Sold by Year End Washington Tells India. Washington tells India Westinghouse could be sold by year end sources: [deleted]. Corporate India reports highest sales growth since September 2012. Venezuela offers Indias ONGC oil stake Sources. Reliance Jio Users Can Get up to 100GB Free Data on Buying Asus Mobile. Uttar Pradesh India Proposes Target Of 10.7 Gigawatts Of Installed Solar By 2022. GST impact on IT services: Tax rate in India after GST implemented tax rate on it services would be decrease from approx 2535 to 1825 for service providing companies. According to before GST sale of software included service tax 15 and VAT approx 5. VAT on selling price directly for the state government whereas service tax for the central government before GST implemented. But according to current GST rule 9 of GST will go for state government and rest 9 for the central government. The good thing is that there is one market for all the services. Equality for all the product and services. And productivity will increase collectively because profit of the services will same divided to state government and central government. Thanks for Indian government.. IDFC Shriram merger IDFC and Shriram Group to finalise 10 billion mega merger within 90 days: [deleted]. India in talks with Canadas Teck Resources to buy coking coal sources. Cashstrapped Venezuela offers Indias ONGC oil stake Sources. Cashstrapped Venezuela offers ONGC oil stake report Livemint. TIL Owner of East India Company is a Gujarati Indian : [deleted]. Back to business as usual. Inox Kachiguda. Theres no GST on books. And yet books will become more expensive: [deleted]. Soon bitcoins will be used to shield financial infra Zebpay COO Sandeep Goenka VCCircle. Xiaomis India revenue risen by 328 in first half of 2017. Delhi airport charges to be cut by 89. Cab Aggregator Uber Pours 7.9 Mn In Indian Arm. Anand Mahindra apologises over techies firing as audio clip goes viral. Tata should take a leaf out of SoftBanks book while negotiating with Airtel: [deleted]. Ice cream vs frozen dessert Fight between Hindustan Unilever and Amul hots up. The Juggernaut. Indiabound Nissan Leaf electric car global unveil on September 6. Traders dig out loopholes to pay less avoid tax. 40000 cloth artisans in Ludhiana stare at job loss as they fall out of GST chain. Indias iconic airline up for sale but will anyone buy: [deleted]. Anand Mahindra amp Tech Mahindra CEO CP Gurnani apologise over manner of employees sacking. Indias oldest drugmaker used some classic management tips to turn profitable after 64 years. Companies face jail term for not reprinting revised MRP on inventory. As Tata group looks to exit telecom business Airtel may just be interested in its assets. Baahubali 2s Taiwan Box Office Collections Opening Weekend Is Decent. Best Indian Bitcoin Exchanges to Buy Bitcoin in India Blockchaind.Net. Not reprinting revised MRP on inventory can attract jail term. Volvo starts sourcing industrial engines from India. letsnameyourbaby. Bajaj Allianz deploys blockchain tech to hasten claims settlement. Where can I get a script for starting a cashback website. Netflix cuts prices in India for second time to absorb GST. PayU Use of social media for commerce is on the rise B Amrish Rau CEO PayU India. GST Rates How a single clause in GST shows the Indian state at its worst. Chinas MG Motors to take over Halol plant as GM exits. IndiGo wants AIs global operations. Now Mumbaikars who live in 500 sq ft area homes wont have to pay property tax. Bank customers wont have to bear loss from fraudulent transactions RBI: [deleted]. GST shakes business confidence of service providers. Amazon gears up for assault on Indias grocery sector. Siemens opens its first digital factory in India. Why IndiGos Air India aspirations could be the death of the portly Maharaja. How Indias State Of Tamil Nadu Is Suffocating Its Vibrant Film Industry. A lowprofile Kolkata businessman is helping build one of Israels largest railway projects. This littleknown Kanpur company is making India proud in defence exports. A big Indian corporate is asking many of the employees to put down their resignation by 10am next day one employee has recorded his conversation with the HR: [removed]. How Bajaj Electricals uses blockchain to pay suppliers. Premium Shirts in India PRIVEE PARIS. Indian Army This littleknown Kanpur company is making India proud in defence exports. Siemens opens its first digital factory in India. May Shrimp Imports on Record Pace Led by India. IndiaIsrael Pacts worth 4.3 bn inked at IndiaIsrael CEO forum Ficci. IndiGo to acquire Air Indias international ops Air India Express. Why IndiGos Air India aspirations could be the death of the portly Maharaja. Traders with turnover below Rs 20 lakh per annum will have to register for GST says Centre The revenue secretary will be holding masterclasses on the new tax regime for six days in Delhi to clear any doubts.. GST GSTN receives 10000 calls per day says Chairman Navin Kumar. GST impact Nissan cuts vehicle prices by up to 3. Delay in Property Possession by Builder: Its really pissing off when you make all the payments and put your money in but cant get possession of your property. Seems to be happening to a lot of people. Heres a law explainer that can help http//nyaaya.in/lawexplainers/delayinpossession/. Since there is a lot of confusion over restaurant Bill due to GST here is my reckoner in simple terms.: GST Rates are as follows Air Conditioned Restaurants 18 Non Air Conditioned Restaurant that serves liquor 18 Non Air Conditioned Restaurant that dont serve liquor 12 If you order Liquor VAT is applicable as before but they cant charge service tax which they used to charge previously and also they cannot charge GST on the liquor part of the bill About Service Charge People always get confused it with Service Tax. Service Charge and Service Tax are entirely different Service charge is not a tax. It is an extra cost charged by the restaurant. It is a tip more like a forced tip. Next time when you see Service Charge on your bill read it as Tip you wont get confused. There has been a guideline from the government that service charge is not mandatory and a customer can refuse to pay if he is not satisfied with the service. Is GST Applicable on Service Charge Yes It is. Since Service Charge is also a service GST of 18 is applicable. Example Chicken Wings Rs. 1000 Beer Rs. 500 Total Basic Amount will be Rs. 1500 VAT 20 rate will depend on the state will be charged only on Beer Liquor 20 of 500 that will be Rs.100 Service Charge 10 rate and whether to charge service charge depends on the restaurant will be charged on Rs. 1500 Basic Amount that will be Rs. 150. CGST will be charged at 9 on Chicken wings Food Service Charge i.e on 1000150 that will be Rs. 103.5 SGST will be charged at 9 on Chicken wings Food Service Charge i.e on 1000150 that will be Rs. 103.5 The total bill will be 1500100150103.5103.5 Rs. 1957 I am a chartered accountant and I am ready to clear your doubts on this. . Former MD of Tata Finance Dilip Pendse commits suicide in Mumbai. Dilip Pendse former Tata Finance MD found dead in Mumbai house. Mumbai police says former Tata Finance MD Dilip Pendse who was banned by Sebi from dealing in the capital markets committed suicide: [deleted]. GST Restaurant Guide Layman Terms: [deleted]. GST Business Men fear of shrinking profit due to confusion in Market. IT employee gets fired uploads conversation with HR on social media. Indian Overseas Bank started charging for UPI transaction. SAIC Gujarat sign MoU for Rs 2000 crore manufacturing project. Revealed Ajay Singh Took Over SpiceJet For The Princely Sum Of Rs 2. Air India may not be debtfree before sale. Amazon invests Rs1680 crore more in its India unit. Beware After GST choosing a wrong vendor can kill your business: [deleted]. Defaulters may follow Essar route to block bankruptcy. NRIs of Randia. How do you buy bitcoins: I live in US at the moment and want to buy some bitcoin and Ethereum. Coinbase hasnt verified my account owing to my Indian passport. Same for Gemini Tried Zebpay but it wont let me download the app in US. Downloaded apk from some shady site but again it wont send the OTP to a US number. I am looking for a trusted site like coinbase or gemini to purchase my cryptocurrencies and to store them there. How do I go about doing that. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 3: [removed]. Capgemini to hire over 20k people in India reskilled 45k. Abetment in Fraud by Nobroker: [deleted]. Impact of GST on new car prices. As a Effect of GST Tata motors slashes price of passenger vehicles upto Rs. 217000 ... GST Effect Honda Cars Prices Reduced By Up To 1.31 Lakh On Brio Amaze Jazz City WRV. 10 Reasons why you should invest in Coimbatore. How ISRO amp Antrix became goto agencies for nations. How ISRO amp Antrix became goto agencies for nations: [deleted]. Snapdeal board rejects 850 million acquisition offer from Flipkart. Karnataka Govt to invest Rs 400 crore in 100 startups. Indian CEOs that bounced back after failure. MTR Restaurants does a fine job of explaining the impact of GST on its pricing: [removed]. Reliance Jios annual report reveals hidden expenses and even some revenues. How to utilize cashback as a business tool. Cyrus Mistry firms to face Rs 500 crore defamation suit. Tata trustee R. Venkataramanan in the defamation suit says Cyrus Mistrys email after his ouster has caused irreparable damage to his reputation. Reliance Jio comes first Airtel fourth in TRAIs data speed test for the month of June. Buoyed by Prime memberships Amazon plans Indiaspecific solutions. Amazon set to introduce Alexa Voice Service Echo speakers in India. Snapdeal board rejects Rs 5500 crore takeover offer from ecommerce rival Flipkart. Snapdeal rejects Flipkarts 700750 million buyout offer. India scores well on FSB reform report card to G20. GST Effect Honda Cars Prices Reduced By Up To 1.31 Lakh On Brio Amaze Jazz City WRV. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 2: [removed]. Snapdeal board rejects Rs 5500 crore takeover offer from ecommerce rival Flipkart. What does Goods and Services Tax GST means for your business. Snapdeal board rejects 850 million offer from Flipkart. CBDT sends names of 12 CAs indulging in tax evasion to ICAI. Customs Duty on Mobile Phones Wont Increase iPhone Prices in India. GST to be revenue neutral in short term but will boost growth in long term says Fitch. Indian Plywood Market Driven by Increasing Investments in the RealEstate Sector. Startups struggling with costs vs growth dilemma. GST Tax hike could boost illegal sale of gold and jewellery. Items of common use to attract lower GST. Bad boy of startups back in realestate business. Can someone please help me understand zerorated and exempt supply in light of VAT: So I understand the concept of VAT. Lets say I have a final product Y with these four steps. The sales tax is the same at every step of supply chain i.e. 16 percent. Eventual create product Y cost of A 100 16 116 cost of B 116 84 the value added 16 232 cost of C 232 68 the value added 16 348 cost of Y 348 52 the value added 16 464 So what happens in case of zerorated From what I understand in case of zerorated supply is that at the final step when product Y is made seller is allowed to charge no tax. So the updated equation is thus cost of Y 348 52 the value added 400. In case of exemptsupply no VAT is charged at any stage of the supply chain. So the updated equations are cost of A 100 100 cost of B 100 84 184 cost of C 184 68 252 cost of Y 252 52 304. Am I correct in understanding this . Get Dubai Visit Visa amp Business Visa Online. Lesson for Air India Even 64 years isnt too late to turn profitable as Indias oldest drugmaker proved. Tricks behind Every successful Online business . PPF Interest Rate Cut To 7.8. What Are Your Options. Indias biggest taxation headache is a potential goldmine for this IIT graduate. Sebi warns credit rating agencies for inadequate warnings to defaulting firms. Uber Ola users cheer as GST lowers fare taxes leased cab programs suffer. GST concerns of an ordinary citizen. Byjus buys Pearsons TutorVista Edurite in push for global expansion. Foxconn plans to invest up to Rs 32000 crore in India. GST effect 2wheeler makers slash prices. India invests 11bn in Iran gas sector. Tech billionaire Nandan Nilekani floats 100 million VC fund. India Gets Update On Westinghouse Meant To Build Andhra Nuclear Reactors. New train Indian Railways UDAY Express from Coimbatore to Bengaluru soon boasts of automatic food vending machines and LCD screens. YSK the govt has launched a tool help file GST returns: If youre like me and are confused as fuck about filing your GST returns heres a [tool]https//www.gst.gov.in/download/returns to help you. Its confused me even more but maybe youll have better luck. . Why this is Indian IT industrys Kodak Moment. Patel Brothers The remarkable story of how an immigrants hunger created the USs biggest Indian grocery chain. Chinas Midea Group to invest 123.5 million in India. Report Delta Negotiating 24 Ownership of Indias Jet Airways. ASUS slashes price of entire Zenfone 3 series by INR 2000 in India. PNB To Block All Maestro Debit Cards Soon 1 Lakh Card Holders May Be Affected. Religious items under the GST: So it turns out that the newlyelected BJP government in UP sort of forced Hindu religious items to be excluded from the GST. http//indianexpress.com/article/business/economy/pujaitemsrudrakshsacredthreadkeptinzerotaxgstlist4687812/ Things like Batasha Misri etc which are used also at Dargahs for e.g. are taxed at 5. I couldnt find any information on whether specific items used by other religious groups would also be exempt or not. Does anyone here have any information Cheers. Do passports restrict economic growth BBC News. Tricks behind Every successful Online business . OLA Latest News. For IT Professionals A New 16 Billion Opportunity Opens Up. IndoUS nuclear deal Westinghouse could be sold by Dec ending bankruptcy says report. GST And Smartphones Do Indian Buyers Need To Be Worried About Rising Prices: [deleted]. Implementation of GST will be positive for Indias rating Moodys. The latest FinTech disruptor Simpl. Get a free trading account. Drivers resorting to distress sale of cabs to exit business. NPA Banks or India Inc Who will come back from the brink first. 10 BCD on smartphones a leg up for Make in India investments. India is the biggest opportunity in the world and Israelis are missing it. Considering GST when building a pc: Im helping my friend build a budget pc and checked out primeabgb to see how good prices are. I added an item to my cart to see how much shipping costs and discovered they were adding GST to items. The GST came close to 3K rs. I think my friend picked a bad time to build a new pc I suppose. I havent yet fully educated myself on what exactly GST is am I far off in thinking they are trying to rip people off. GST impact At least 1000 cinema halls shut in Tamil Nadu against 30 per cent local tax omgwikinews. Best Indian Bitcoin Exchanges to Buy Bitcoin in India Blockchaind.Net. Is this VAT calculation correct: [deleted]. Whirlpool to invest Rs 200 crore for production increase in India. ATM Why ATMs will not go extinct anytime soon in India: [deleted]. NPA Banks or India Inc Who will come back from the brink first: [deleted]. White 120 superfine 2 Ply Cotton Luxury Shirt Privee Paris. Whirlpool of India to invest Rs 200 cr increase production. NPA Banks or India Inc Who will come back from the brink first: [deleted]. Nonfood credit grows at 4.5 in April as industries contract. Confusion over GST No film shows in Tamil Nadu from Monday. GST impact Tata Motorss JLR cuts prices by average 7 across models. McDonalds Why McDonalds had to shutter outlets in Delhi. debt Banks or India Inc Who will come back from the brink first: [deleted]. Big8 PM Narendra Modi wants 4 Indian accounting firms in worlds Big8. ATM Why ATM will not go extinct anytime soon in India: [deleted]. debt Banks or India Inc Who will come back from the brink first: [deleted]. Government imposes 10 customs duty on imported mobile phones. Royal Bank of Scotland to move hundreds of jobs to India. Textile India 2017 gets off to great start 65 MoUs signed. GE the Ultimate Global Player Is Turning Local. GST impact Apple cuts iPhone iPad prices in India. Apple GST impact Apple cuts prices of all iPhone models in India by up to 7.5 per cent. OnePlus is once again misleading customers in India. how to buy kiosk machine in bangalore: [removed]. Two IndianAmerican former executives of IT company charged in 4 million fraud scheme. 7th Pay Commission Know here how much will you get hike in salary. Flipkarts acquisition of eBay gets approval from CCI News Nation. Jugaad Oberoi Realty places an ad in TOI not allowed under RERA unless the project is registered and in fine print says This advertisement is not under RERA. Jio Launches Worlds Longest 100Gbps Submarine Cable System Measuring 25000 Kms. Tesco to cut 1200 UK India jobs as cost pressures mount. TIL that Idea ringtone/tune is lifted from an old Ilayaraja song... 6 useful tips to use your credit card abroad. Banks may cut interest on longterm deposits. GST launched in India businesses brace for chaos. SpiceJet Not Strong Enough To Buy Air India Chairman Ajay Singh. InterGlobe Shares Tank 6 As IndiGo Warms Up To Air India Buy. Japan Tries To Recruit IT Engineers From India But It Wont Work. GST Rant: So GST is apparently rolled out and here I am unable to even find a single official website telling me the official process of how to register for GST. Hundreds of unofficial websites have stepped in and are trying to make money off people who are unable to easily get the required information about simply registering for GST. All of which would be totally unnecessary if there was a single functional government website with a simple online registration process. But apparently that is too much to ask for.. Arun Jaitley said the burden of tax on the common man will be reduced.: [deleted]. GST rollout India launches historic indirect tax regime Goods and Services Tax. Blue 120 superfine 2 Ply Luxury Shirt India Privee Paris. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 102: [removed]. Amazon is pushing Prime Day into China and India but its facing an uphill battle. GST Effect On Cars And SUVs Prices In India What Gets Cheaper And What Becomes Pricey. India Presses Microsoft for Windows Discount in Wake of Cyber Attacks. Indians money in Swiss banks nearly halve to CHF 676 mn or about Rs 4500 crore Switzerlands central bank data.. India Wants a Discount on Microsoft Windows. Xiaomi inaugurates its 500th service center in India. Businesses back call for direct flight to India. Effect of GST on Indian Bloggers Adsense and Affiliate Income. PSUs Indias oldest pharma company Bengal Chemicals turns profitable after 64 years but faces privatisation blues: [deleted]. Amazon set to launch Alexaenabled home assistant Echo in India by year end. HampM to start online operations in India next year. Chinese major Midea Group to invest 800 cr to make appliances in India. JSW Steel to set up Rs 2100 cr pipeline in Karnataka. How companies are getting ready for Indias biggest tax reform: [deleted]. No big impact on airfares hotel rates Travel agents: [deleted]. AllNew 2017 BMW 5Series Launched in India For Rs 49.9 Lakh Post GST Prices. Airline disinvestment IndiGo writes to govt says interested in buying out Air India AI Express. Lifestyle creep will keep you from ever building wealth [np]. GST Bill Here are five issues that need more clarity. Chinese major Midea Group to invest 800 cr to make appliances in India. ADB pledges USD 10 bn for development projects in India. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 101: [removed]. Indians money in Swiss banks hit record low of 676 million francs. IndiGo expresses interest in buying a stake in debtladen Air India. Piaggio to export Made in India Vespa Aprilia SR 150 scooters to Sri Lanka. McDonalds to shut down 43 out of 55 outlets in Delhi The Financial Express. India might increase import duty on edible oils as local oilseed prices dip. Zomato With revenue servings up at 81 Zomato cuts losses by 34 in FY17. Whos earning the most revenue in Indian mobile ad space. Even a 2.2 billion investment couldnt solve LeEcos money problems. Cognizant pushes back salary hikes promotions for staff by 3 months. Amazon Prime Day will include China and India on July 11th: [deleted]. How Desh Bandhu Gupta Turned A Rs. 5000 Loan Into The Rs. 18000 Crore Pharmaceutical Giant Lupin. Its Stupid To Be In The ECommerce Space Says Future Group Founder Kishore Biyani. India gives 100000 to UN Tax Fund becomes first country to contribute. Mumbais kaalipeeli taxis can now be booked via mobile app. 1.6 lakh new businesses register on GSTN in 4 days. Single business model to connect various online businesses. Single business model to connect various online businesses HOW. Fortythree of 55 McDonalds outlets in Delhi to close today Report. Single business model with various online businesses Is it possible YES. Printing of Rs 200 currency notes begins. India has the largest footwear market in the world Adesh Gupta CEO Liberty Shoes. Mutual Fund industry poised for Jan Dhan moment Anil Ambani. The new buzz word in Indian taxation system is GST. All about its effect on the economy.. Zomato With revenue servings up at 81 Zomato cuts losses by 34 in FY17: [deleted]. Wanna know about tricks behind online business models. GST rolls out big tech business for Indian startups. Sensex climbs nearly 150 pts Nifty50 above 9500 RCF drops 4. McDonalds 43 McDonalds Delhi outlets to shut today 1700 will lose jobs. Best Baby Shower Gifts. Loan Guarantor you should know these things. Travel sector to touch 48 billion says Study. Gujarat likely to get one more car plant. Why did ECommerce Fail in India. Why Is Indias Automotive Components Market Suddenly Booming: [deleted]. CA Technologies cut about 100 jobs moved work to India records show. Asian Development Bank issues Rs14 billion rupeelinked bonds. Amazon pays warehouse workers 233 per month in India. After Tatas Adanis Essar Power seeks rescue of its lossmaking Gujarat plant. Indias new tax system causes strikes and protests. Arun Jaitley Cabinet gives inprinciple approval for disinvestment of Air India The Times of India on Mobile. Alka India slapped 25L fine for nonredressal of complaints. Indias exports to take a hit as Qatar crisis deepens. General Motors Indias dealers take to streets say jobs at risk. The subtle invisible AI that Indian unicorns have made a part of consumers lives. Latest TRP figures for English News Channels. Mamata slams Centres July 1 GST push calls it an epic blunder like demonetisation. MadeinIndia Jeep Compass garners 1000 bookings in 3 days. Top 10 MBA Colleges In Bangalore BiggEdu. Indian firms prefer men over women for jobs Randstad survey: [deleted]. layoffs These 20 technology skills can help you beat IT job market blues. SAIC Motor to enter Indian market through fullyowned manufacturing facility. India could import more sugar as global prices plunge rupee strengthens. Income Tax eFiling IT Returns filing Income Tax News Business Standard. Luxury Wedding Shirts Online India Pink Shirt Privee Paris. Growing number of private and PSBs introducing humanoid robots to answer basic customer queries. Jeff Bezos says Amazon will keep investing in India as rivals raise new war chests. Anil Ambanis Summer Asset Sale Expands as Banks Tighten Screws: [deleted]. Bankruptcy framework 2017 a much needed relief for the Indian financial sector. Heres how Indias wealthiest families are seeking to stay wealthy. Indias largest container port JNPT hit by ransomware. Income Tax Process in India by July 2017. Why is the Indian Auto Components Industry Growing So Much: [deleted]. Au Small Finance Bank IPO heres what 8 brokerages say. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 99: [removed]. Language Training in India 2017 Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 18.54 and Forecast to 2021. Probe into allegations against NSE for favouring clients turning out to be a farcical drama: [deleted]. Ciscos John Chambers announces USD 70 mn fund for Indian startups. The Scooter Buying Guide How To Buy Top Rated Scooters In 2017. Indias garment exports may hit 20 billion in FY18. Motherson How Japanese partnerships and Indian whiskey spawned a 9 billion automotive giant. The Worlds Top Airline Stock Is SpiceJet With 124 Advance. Google India to Hold 5000 Workshops for SMBs Across 50 Cities. Many Glaring Errors in SEBI PMS Data Misleads Investors. SpiceJet SpiceJets turnaround story From forced grounding to worlds top airline stock in 2 years. Infotech Xiaomi may consider manufacturing multiple products in India country head. Loan Guarantor you should know these things: [deleted]. The Worlds Top Airline Stock Is Indias SpiceJet With 124 Gain. New India Assurance IPO likely to hit capital market by December. Apple CEO touts India impact in push for deeper market access. Tata Group to foray into online grocery with acquisition of Gurgaonbased GrocerMax. Post the acquisition GrocerMax will shut down its business in Gurgaon because Tatas grocery business is not present in North India.. GST an old new tax. Cabinet to consider proposal for outright sale of Air India. 5 Reasons why you should go for Home Loan Refinance. GM car dealers to protest against company for poor compensation Times of India. Airasia Online Booking. FDI US exports to India support 260000 jobs in America Report. Amazons Jeff Bezos meets Narendra Modi in US says they will continue to invest in India. Daimlers truck exports from India cross 10000 units. Afghanistan exports over 40 tons of fresh and dry fruits to India from Kandahar. Amit bhadana vedio: [removed]. Gujarat Pipavav Port bullish on car exports. General Motors Starts Exporting Chevrolet Beat Sedan To Latin America From India. Malaysian store Kioda to take franchise route to India. World Bank clears 250million loan to train Indias job seekers. No time for software testing now GSTN chairman Navin Kumar. IT Consultancy in India: [removed]. Google CEO Pichai Walmart Indias Iyer hail GST bill as gamechanging reform. JUDGED BY THE DEGREE AND NOT BY THE SOUL: Okay the first thing you hear or judge whether anywhere and everywhere is the level of education he/she got this is true at so many levels and we cant help it its like something that has become so habituated that it just comes out and its hotwired in our brains. What we forget is degrees do not define at any point the person although it may seem like the perfect resume which might appeal to the corporates and anyone taking the job interview we know nothing about the person and we have already decided the person from whats been written on a piece of paper. The sad thing about this millennial is that it is the most qualified and diverse generation and yet we still fight for the freedom to pursue what we really want. We get the job with a good hefty pay but we work from 9 to 5 and we finish the set of work assigned for the day and the next day and it goes on and on in a loop. No smiles and yes but with a heavy pocket. This makes me want to question myself and everything that we know. Yes the money pays the bills and it is a must to have a job but not like pressured to be on the job with the brains fried and unable to enjoy. The frustration I dont want to work like this but I need to pay the bills the vicious cycle of endless work trying to impress the managers this is where it is wrong we are working to impress to get the promotion and not really for ones own growth. And the innovation is forever kept aside that corner in our brains can be brought back but time is the enemy and we dont have the time to bring it back and we dont really try. So what is the best reply or answer for this problem Because we still want to work but not in a way where it feels like a prison the answer lies in the corporates answer to this problem. They can take the team out to recharge and indulge in various activities like team building activities corporate off sites soft skill training program leadership programs etc. this is perhaps the best answer and effort to maximize the overall human resource of the corporate and this should be understood and known by the Corporates. It also give you the chance to know your office mates a little bit more than and who knows some of your office mates may like that famous food stall right around the corner you got the break and friends as well. There are various companies that are working really hard to try to bridge the gap and make the people bring back their smiles energy and the soul back into the game. Companies like Quest Learning Institute not only designed the perfect outing but also helps in giving the message to enjoy and work at the same time. . Wai Wai brings Wai Wai City to Noida to invest Rs 250 cr open 1500 outlets in 5 years. Google CEO Pichai Walmart Indias Iyer hail GST bill as gamechanging reform. Japanese companies invested 4.7 billion last year in India says envoy. Should India Inc. bid for Westinghouse While Westinghouse Electric Co. is slated to build 6 nuclear reactors in India several prominent voices have called for India not to enter into a contract with the bankrupt firm. Over 25 per cent of India Incs directors have an MBA. Indian Technology Workers Worry About a Job Threat Technology. New jobs coming RBS to cut hundreds of jobs in UK move them to India. RBI asks banks to keep higher provisions against bankruptcy court cases report. RBI asks banks to set aside 50 of the loan amount as likely losses for all cases referred to the National Company Law Tribunal says a report. India pushes orthodox tea into Chile. No time for software testing now GSTN chairman Navin Kumar: [deleted]. Canara Bank may be next in line to take over two small lenders. Combined nearly 4 Trillion companies CEOs had roundtable with Modi. Mumbai Bus BEST Fare Chart 2017. India Portugal launch startup hub in first Indian PM visit. Combined nearly 4 Trillion companies CEOs had roundtable with Modi: [deleted]. Salman Khan Launches Being Human Electric Cycle at Rs 40000. Cairn Energy taxed Rs10247 crore for creating maze of subsidiaries to transfer India assets. Sterling and Wilson Scales New Heights Gets Awarded the Worlds Largest Solar PV Plant. With one truck in 1976 he now owns more than 4500 vehicles in India. There are too many ewallets in India and most are nearempty The Indian ewallet industry is expected to zoom to Rs 30000 crore by the end of 202122.. Bringing strategic value to creative output. Views on Infosys 36th Annual General Meeting AGM. India clears plan for 3.10 bln second airport for Delhi. Are Indias Governmentsubsidized Solar Shops Thriving or Barely Surviving. Infosys releases 11000 employees due to automation Key takeaways from board meet. Ford Announces Recall For Over 39000 Cars In India. Big Data Jobs In High Demand Amazon HCL IBM Among Top Recruiters Study. Karnataka RERA. RERA INDIA. Those who are evading taxes dont want GST Adi Godrej. RERA IN MAHARASHTRA. Everything that you want to know about RERA.. Black Money Taxsavvy American NRIs use family trusts to insulate Indian assets. There are too many ewallets in India and most are nearempty. Lenders approve Rs 86000crore Essar OilRosneft deal. [2010] For Indias Newly Rich Farmers Limos Wont Do. Indias Ambitions for Offering LowCost Space Services Are Gaining Speed. Tata Power offers to sell 51 stake in lossmaking Mundra to Gujarat government for Re 1. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 97: [removed]. GST will raise luxury property prices but will not impact affordable housing: [deleted]. Indias Biggest ECommerce Merger At Risk As Billionaire Azim Premji Objects.. Tatas Better Candidate If Air India Is Privatised Says Sunil Mittal. Indias digital payments giant Paytm now offering credit card and lending services. State Bank of India gets mandate to take three steel companies to bankruptcy court. Ice Cream Market in India Expected to Reach a Value of INR 235 Billion by 2021. Mutual Fund All you need to know about this care taker. GST SIMPLIFIED HOW GST AFFECT INDIAN TAX SYSTEM: [removed]. GSt Simplified. Before Tatas buy Air India a look at 5 bad decisions that led to national carriers downfall. RERA news. Want to know 9 hassle free ways for GST implementation in your business read this:  Steps to be taken into account during the implementation of GST 1.Registration Every business carrying out a taxable supply of goods or services under GST regime and whose turnover exceeds the threshold limit which can be known in GST guidelines if you are applicable you will be required to register as a normal taxable person. This process is of registration is referred as GST registration. Now that we know who needs to register the question arises that are there any benefits for registration GST registration is critical because it will enable you to avail various benefits that are available under the GST regime. One such benefit is to avail seamless input tax credit. Multiple taxes are being clubbed under GST and thus the cascading of taxes that is prevailing currently will no longer be the case. Also timely registration will help you avoid any kind of interface with tax authorities. 2. Organization realignment GST is going to affect each business in one way or other so a proper information should be found out about the supply chain of the organization i.e. which area will be most affected by GST and which area will be least affected and according to this proper organization realignment should be done. 3. Alignment of invoicing We know how important invoices are there importance will increase after the implementation of GST A tax invoice is an essential evidence to support a registered persons claim for the ITC of GST input tax incurred trigger the time of supply as the invoice date will determine when GST is to be accounted for by a registered person on the supply of goods and services accounting on invoice basis now there are certain guidelines that needs to be followed when making this invoices. To know format of tax invoice please refer article GST tax invoice other invoices like debit credit notes and other accounting formats should also be aligned according to GST requirements. 4. IT systems with GST comes a large number of challenges for various organization like detail record keeping has become necessary input credit rules are complicated large number of compliances the cost of compliance is too high for the whole supply chain a good IT infrastructure can help the organizations in tackling this challenges hence an updated IT system should be put into place before GST. To know various ways in which IT can help during GST implementations please read the articleDo you need IT system for GST 5. Update GSTIN to your trade network GST registration is required to be obtained for each state from where taxable supplies are being made. Each taxpayer will be allotted a State wise PANbased 15digit Goods and Services Taxpayer Identification Number GSTIN. This number will serves as an identification prove for businesses and have to used while making invoices hence GSTIN of both vendors and customers have should be found out to make invoices therefore it is necessary for businesses to update GSTIN to Vendors and customers which will be different in different states. 6. Input tax credit arrangement A taxable person can accumulate credits of taxes paid and carry them forward in a return. With the introduction of the GST the last set of credits will have to be transferred. To do this you must furnish proof of his/her last return filed under the old regime. You will therefore need to make sure that all input taxes paid are included in it by doing so you will be claiming the credit of the same under the new regime. For example lets consider July 1 2017 as the appointed day for the GST rollout. The taxpayer must make sure that he/she has taken into account all the stock lying on June 30 2017 and claim input credit during the filing of returns for the period ending June 30 2017. The taxpayer thus must ensure that all such goods and services are eligible for such a credit under the new GST law. 7. Understanding various GST tools and its working When GST rolls out each registered taxpayer will get a profile created on the governments GST website. The taxpayer using the login credentials will be able to access all features along with a dashboard. All the taxpayers will also get three electronic ledgers namely Ecash Ledger Ecredit Ledger amp Eliability Ledger. These ledgers will reflect the amount of tax payable input credit balance and on adding money to the cash ledger the taxpayer will also be able to settle the tax liability online. 8. Monitor progress and keep your employees informed Getting ready for GST compliance is a huge challenge. Companies need to keep on monitoring their progress from time to time so as not to fall back. For this proper flow of information is required as fast information about status can make you make right decisions at right time. As companies take steps to get ready for GST compliance they may encounter disruption of internal processes. They need to take their employees into confidence and explain that this is just a transition phase and soon they will get used to this and things will fall into place. 9. Review and validate results GST is much more stringent than our old taxation system hence even when it seems that your organization is completely prepared for GST reviewing the rules and your preparedness for GST posses no harm. Keep reviewing may result in detection of some error which can cause the company to dodge many difficulties in the future. Hence reviewing and validating the results will be an important step for hassle free GST implementation. Get your business GST ready by contacting us at. RERA Impact on new launches: [removed]. RERA Impact on new project launches. FAQ on rera. Knowing more about Permanent Account Number. At least 3 airlines eyeing stake in Air India. GST to Lower Overall Tax Burden Over Time RBI Governor Urjit Patel: [deleted]. RERA in states. Flipkart Snapdeal merger at risk as Azim Premjis PremjiInvest objects. Fading glory Indian pharma industry in uncharted terrain. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 96: [removed]. This Startup Is Making Indias Garbage Its Business. LLP REGISTRATION IN DELHI INDIA: [removed]. Ca Consultants in Delhi India. GST How it Will Affect Common Mans Kitchen. GST Facts Whats up Whats down: [deleted]. Accountant and Personal tax accountant in Calgary We can give you a hand with your Tax Accountant Calgary Bookkeeping Tax Preparation Assurance Business startups and more.. Five Things You Need to Know About GST. Flats at Rs 1 lakh I am not saying believe it just watch it.. Tata Group May Buy Major Stake in Air India. Bengaluru firm 1st in India to deliver diesel at home. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 95: [removed]. Zerodha Introduces Rupee Tales To Familiarize Kids with Basic of Finance. CDSL IPO receives overwhelming response oversubscribed 169 times. China nibbles at India How Xiaomi Vivo Oppo are driving Indian companies out of their own smartphone market. How to make your online business more successful with cashback business model. India could see outflows of up to 1 bn post inclusion of China A shares in MSCI. Air India Tata Group interested in buying 51 stake in Air India. Tata Group Holds Informal Talks With Government Shows Interest In Buying Controlling Stake In Air India. UPSC NDA NA Notification 2017 Online Application Form for NDA 2 is Available Govtjobforms. After Major Investors Insist Uber Chief Travis Kalanick Resigns. High demand business plan always wins. 15 Best Tricks For Improving Customer Service By Emails. Maharashtra More forest land to Adani Group for its Gondia project. GST Firms face ban for not passing on GST gains. tailor shop in India Mumbai.. how much : Hi i am wondering how much does it cost to open a tailor shop in Mumbai Approximately how much i need budget for small to medium ladies tailor shop about 4 workers . Paytm seeking an RBI licence for a money market fund where users can store cash and earn interest puts it competition with ICICI Bank SBI. Tata Technologies one of the best kept secrets of the Tata Group is leaving the mothership Over the years Tata Technologies has worked on projects that span the manufacturing sector.. Chinese companies eye infrastructure investments in India. Bombardier wins 1.7 billion order from SpiceJet. Eris Lifesciences up to 270 million IPO oversubscribed. Reliance Jio Reliance Jio driving Indias 4G growth Rohm. Reliance Defence inks pact with Serbias Yugoimport to make ammunition in India. US Agrees to Build F16 Fighter Jets in India. India Inches Closer to Developing Cryptocurrency Rules. A former Wall Street banker is building Indias largest clean energy company. GST impact Massive discounts on car prices as customers postpone purchases till 1 July. Private equity investment in India shot up 64 to 963 million in May repor. GTPL Hathway IPO to open on June 21 Heres all you need to know. SEBI Needs Internal Clean Up. Hike launches wallet UPI payment Messaging app Hike adds payments feature that will allow its over 100 million users to transfer money and recharge/pay mobile bills through its platform. Now get chance to earn money with in simple steps[NP]. India asks Qatar to invest in power plants as condition for LNG deals. Is there a subreddit for personal finance or trading tips specific to Indian market: /r/personalfinance is great but I am really looking for a subreddit where India specific finance tips and share market discussions can happen. Anyone knows about any active subreddits for the same. Modi Governments 500 Crore Bonanza to Adani Group Company. Lanco Infratech first from Blacklist to face bankruptcy action. Amazon Wants to Buy Indias Largest Online Grocer. Chinese firms eye infrastructure investments in India. Boeing signs 100 mn contract to keep Indian Navys P8I Aircraft flying: The Indian Navys Boeing P8I longrange maritime patrol aircraft reputedly the worlds most fearsome submarine hunters have proved themselves in joint patrols with the US Navy in the Indian Ocean tracking Chinese submarines. Last July a pleased Indian Navy signed a billiondollar contract with Boeing for four more P8Is to augment the eight aircraft it already flies. Delivery will begin in 2020. But with Chinese submarine activity growing in the Indian Ocean the navy wants more P8Is on station today. Last Monday the navy signed a 100 million contract requiring Boeing to maintain spare parts and personnel in India ready to respond to any defects or failures in the P8I fleet over the next three years. The socalled performance based logistics contract requires Boeing to continue the warranty services it has so far provided under an initial production contract which will expire in October. This contract will substantially bolster Boeings performancebased support to the Indian Navy and should maintain or increase the operational capability of the eightaircraft fleet said Boeing today. Since the P8I is based on a commercial Boeing 737800/900 airliner material support will also be sourced from the Boeing Commercial Aviation Services Fleet Services division. This is yet another lucrative triumph for Boeing which has won more than 10 billion worth of Indian defence contracts since 2009. Besides 3 billion worth of P8Is Boeing won a 4.5 billion contract for ten C17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and will soon start delivery of 3 billion contracts to supply 22 AH64E Apache attack helicopters and 15 CH47F Chinook heavy lift helicopters. Pratyush Kumar president of Boeing India and vice president of Boeing International. With this contract the Indian Navy can be assured of achieving exceptional operational capability and readiness of the P8I fleet. Despite the navys growing reliance on the P8I fleet which has replaced ageing Sovietera maritime patrol aircraft like the Tupolev142 and Ilyushin38 the navys P8Is remain handicapped by New Delhis reluctance to sign a cooperation pact called the Communications and Information Security Memorandum of Agreement CISMOA. Indias refusal prevents Washington from providing CISMOAcontrolled equipment which would allow Indian and US submarines and P8 aircraft to operate together smoothly. To keep track of hostile submarines in the Bay of Bengal Arabian Sea and Indian Ocean naval pilots fly their P8Is on eighttoten hour surveillance missions over these waters. To strike enemy warships and submarines the P8I carries seven tonnes of weaponry on board including advanced Harpoon missiles and heavyweight torpedoes.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 93: [removed]. Baahubali effect Indian animation amp VFX industry grew 16.4 in 2016 w/ revenue of Rs 59.5 bn MakeInIndia. mutual funds dividend tax Investors to pay 10 dividend tax from next fiscal In a blow to the 46 million equitylinked retail investors of the mutual fund industry the government may announce a 10 tax on the dividends as notified by the tax department under the amended section115BBDA. Lockheed Moves F16 Production Line From Texas To India. Essar Amtek others likely on RBIs NPA list What you should do if you own them. Lockheed signs pact with Tata to make F16 planes in India: [deleted]. How to make a master entry in Cashback business industry. Personal tax accountant Calgary Accountant Calgary AB. Paytm Mall to hire 3000 agents to onboard local shopkeepers: [deleted]. Eris Lifesciences Eris Lifesciences IPO subscribed 16 on Day 2. Central Depository Services CDSL IPO opens Why it is brokers top choice among ongoing issues. Beginners guide to investing in a company via direct Equity Stocks: Few days ago someone shared [this]http//www.teambhp.com/forum/indiancarscene/187607guideinvestingsharesautomotivesector.html link on R/Indiainvestments.Its about how and what you should check before investing in a company via direct Equity Stocks.Its specific to Automotive sector but generic rules can be applied to other sectors/companies as well.. Can India gain from Swiss bank black money information Very little. Who Among The 353 Resolution Professionals Can Manage 12 Large Insolvencies. IT services export growth 19982017. GST can no longer be delayed says FinMin: [deleted]. Indians have rather few deposits Swiss banks. How an IIT Madras Alumnus R. Madhavan Helped Thousands of Farmers Increase Productivity and Found a Fan in Dr. Kalam. frozen desserts Bombay High Court pulls Amul icecream ad for maligning rival The Economic Times. Dangals success in China might lead to China controlling Bollywood Hindi. GST Consumerfacing companies stare at over a months sales loss due to GST. India is betting big on electric vehicles but where does that leave the makers of hybrids. Infrastructure boost Indian Railways set to get modern Make in India locomotives check out images and facts. Russia eyes India for IT exports. MPSC Recruitment 2017 322 Police Sub Inspector Vacancy Upcoming Government Jobs Notification 2017 Sarkari Naukri in India. India charges up the ranks of Asia300 companies Nikkei Asian Review: [deleted]. Dubai asks for unrestricted access to Indias North East. How to launch Cashback business wisely . 1000 IPOs in 4 years Primary market is where the money is. BigBasket signs 60day exclusivity agreement for possible sale to Amazon. Indian IT Spend in Securities Banking to Rise by 8.6 in 2017. Micromaxs cheapest Bharat 2 smartphones a hit in India 5 lakh phones sold in 50 days. Japanese firm to pick up 26 stake in Wheels India subsidiary. Tax Preparation amp Services in Calgary AB. Crypto Investors slack group inviting bitcoin Ethereum and other cryptocurrency enthusiasts in india: Looking at the recent trend for cryptocurrencies in India and how difficult it is to buy and selltrade cryptocurrencies in India a group of investors computer scientists marketeers and sales executives have come together to create a group specifically dedicated to cryptocurrency investment in India. If you are interested and looking to figure out how to get started please visit this link https//zee35.typeform.com/to/MAq3pI and we will send you an invite shortly.. Delhis Connaught Place 9th costliest office market in world Mumbai lags. Infosys president quits for outoftheworld assignment Times of India. AADHAAR Now Aadhaar must for opening bank accounts Centre sets deadline for existing customers Times of India. India moves to daily petrol diesel price change today. You can now buy a luxury home with Rs 1 lac...... Kingfisher Airlines case Indian banks could lose Rs 4300 crores on loans to Vijay Mallyas firm. Sandeep Dadlani Infosys Americas head quits in setback to Vishal Sikka. 1800 overseas employees of Infosys earn above Rs1 crore. The Uber India rape victim has filed a lawsuit against the company for accessing her medical files. What U.S. CEOs Can Learn from GMs India Failure. Indias war of the Mandarins leaves companies as victims. Indias MobiKwik is raising new funding at 1B valuation to battle payment rival Paytm. The decline of the fuddyduddy Indian manager. Competition Commission slaps Rs 87 crore fine on Hyundai Motor India. Chinese smartphone brands are winning over India by recycling triedandtested strategies from home. business valuation: [removed]. Print your neighbors fingerprint on a transparent sheet and use it for AADHAAR pay.: Time has come to try to your luck with AADHAAR pay. Just print your neighbors fingerprint using transparent sheet use his AADHAAR number and fake fingerprint to withdraw money using AADHAAR pay. If it works you can become a millionaire before AADHAAR act is amended to prevent use of fake finger prints for AADHAAR pay.. Hyderabad Matrimony Marriage Bureau in Hyderabad Kaakateeya. Tricks to make your Ecommerce Manifesto more profitable . Mobile Wallet Paytm Hits Pay Dirt Amid Indias Cash Crackdown. Do You Know Most Famous Indian Brands In Foreign Countries. Indias The Ken publishes one longform story each weekday. So far subscribers are willing to pay. Elon Musk Tesla in talks with Indian government for relief on import restrictions Elon Musk. What can I do with my 20000 so that I dont have to be homeless/ kill myself: [deleted]. Monson Kismat Bonanza a deal which nobody wants to Slip.. Ideas for Best Birthday Gifts for Men by Love to Have. How the Jeep Compass came to be made in India. To help Smart Cities Bosch India launches climate monitoring system. RBIs bad loan resolution move throws bankers into a tizzy. Making money from Uber in India: Hello Rindians. My uncle is interested in allowing someone to rent his car month to month to drive for Uber in Mumbai. He drives a new Tata Tigor and that is the car hed want to rent out for use. My question is about how much would a driver make from using his car and how much would my uncle make per month Half a lakh for my uncle If you have any experience with this please let me know. Ive read recently that drivers who use the cars of others have been making less money now. . Essar Steel To Feel The Heat Of The New Bankruptcy Code: [deleted]. Samsung Technical School A CSR Initiative We care for the girl child. RBI places restrictions on banking activities of Central Bank of India. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 90: [removed]. Paytm Giving Heavy Discounts On Smartphones Including iPhone And Google Pixel.. tejas networks ipo Tejas Networks IPO subscribed 11 on Day 1. Indias Tech Firms Face Fundamental Shift From IT To More Advanced Tech. Amazon in talks to buy Indian online grocer BigBasket. Intel to invest 178M to expand its RampD presence in India. Intel is also build a new stateoftheart design house in Bengaluru that will be used for chip design and verification purposes.. Nokia Gets P.V. Sindhu Onboard as Brand Ambassador Launches 3 Android Phones in India. Reliance Jio spells big trouble for Indias small telcos. How to make your customer happy amp engage with your online store. Business Loan in India Delhi/NCR and Noida is very hard process because people are busy in there work so they have no time to visit any bank. So for financial services visit at www.afinoz.com. Benefits of GST for business and industry. Looming Essar sale offers hope for indebted corporate India. RBI identifies 12 accounts with 25 of bank bad loans for bankruptcy proceedings. Reversal Of Fortunes From net farm exporter to net importer. Snapdeal has a plan B in case Flipkart deal fails. RBI starts bankruptcy proceedings Bhushan Steel Essar Steel Alok Industries among likely targets. Flipkart plans to roll out the one app to rule them all. Redditors of India Which is the best Credit Card to get: Looking to get a credit card for my Dad who is in a good job and can provide documents needed to verify eligibility. I cant determine which is the best for travel versus general shopping. If more than one to make the most out of traveling expenses and general which ones can you recommend. Edit Looking for benefits such as no foreign transaction fee generous cash backs travel perks etc.. Indian Tycoon Vijay Mallya in UK Court Fighting Extradition: [deleted]. Air India Air India is in profit says Jayant Sinha. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 89: [removed]. Why is Vijay Mallya considered a bad guy: I was doing some skimmed research recently on real estate for work when I started to read about his case. Based on my understanding 1. He took loan from number of banks to fund his airline float. 2. For this he had offered primary a Airline Brand bReal Estate 3helicopter as collateral. 3. His airline collapsed. Now the proper way ahead is to file for bankruptcy sell of asset and pay whatever possible to the creditor and employees. 4. However there is little info about this available about this step and we jump to next step which is bank taking over his properties and declaring him willful defaulter. 5. Banks realize that the collateral is worth crap various criminal charges are filled. Here it gets interesting to me. A regular case would mean abank recover what the can b write of remaining amount. Why Because loaning is type of investment that bank makes it comes with certain risks which it should minimize but if they fail its not personal responsibility of major promoter to come out and pay back unless he is personal guarantor which as far as i could tell Vijay Mallya was not. So why is Indian govt. prosecuting him To me it seems like since the NPA was getting out of hand the govt. had to show some action and he became the scrap goat. Any thoughts P.S If I discuss this with my fellow Indian colleague over here would it be considered offensive . Air Indias privatisation will have to be backed by hefty dowry to buyer. How do obtain a readymade website like Paytm. Mommy Mukesh Ambani broke my business An India distress call. Indias rugged telecom tycoons are crying to the government for help. Indias billionaires believe in rugged muscular capitalism so at the first hint of trouble they go running to mommy.. More than a train India invests in Japanese highspeed rail. Infosys Raises Red Flags On Visas Across Geographies. Meet Kalpana Saroj Dalit entrepreneur who broke corporate hegemony. Reliance Jio Invest in business dont ask for sops from govt Reliance Jio tells other telcos: [deleted]. Why people love coupons How coupon business make more profit. Amazon leases 6 lakh square feet office space in Hyderabad. Learn to Create your own Investment Planning. The cost of Reliance Jios free services. India Making Most Progress in Putting Women on Boards Chart. Why India needs to work on financial literacy now more than ever. Nokia India Coming Soon Ad/TVC with Nokia Tune 2017. Hardscrabble children sell corn in the heat by Indias roads. India is Opecs litmus test on oil demand growth. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 88: [removed]. Telangana govt generates Rs73000 crore investment 2.56 lakh jobs in two years. As Ola and Uber tweak their incentives drivers say that it is driving them to suicide MediaNama. Wanna be a successful business magnate Your business model will be refined cashback. Meet Kalpana Saroj Dalit entrepreneur who broke corporate hegemony: [deleted]. K Murari Lal Carpets Manufacturers in India. Air India tries to soar once more. Gujarati TV Channel Accuses Trading Firm Hurt By Expose of Resorting to Threats. VTV News was threatened and had snakes let out at its office after it ran a story accusing Kushal Tradelink of artificially jacking up its stock prices.. Companies more prone to cyber attack 60 software unregulated EY. ONGC keen to buy HPCL acquisition may cost about Rs42250 crore. Top 20 Indian Consumer Staples Stocks. Indian aviation can grow only if government slashes taxes warns IATA. Petrol pumps to shut down on June 16 in protest of daily price change. LYF handset users can now avail additional 6GB 4G data on Rs 309 and 12GB 4G data on Rs 509 recharges. Oil Demand in India Rises Most Since Novembers Cash Clampdown: [deleted]. GST GST triggers another 80 online sale for Flipkart Amazon: [deleted]. CCI dismisses Airtels complaint against RIL Reliance Jio over free offers. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount. This is What How To Get BSNL Hungama Refund Quickly. Tata Motors Ashok Leyland MampM come together to work on ebus. India unprepared for GST rollout Small businesses need to file 37 returns a year instead of 13. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Infosys to deny hikes to several employees this year. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Cashew nuts sold at Rs 10 to 20 per kg. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Acche Din across the world Poland India among 5 markets which rose over 20 in 2017. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Reliance Jio row Bharti Airtel loses big battle against Mukesh Ambanis telco. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Air India privatisation Proposal put up before Narendra Modi cabinet says report. Tata Motors moves towards flatter heirarchy scraps employee designations. India drags US to World Trade Organisation for not complying verdict on steel duty. If you want to buy anything buy now. GST will cause huge inflation in short term: Yep. 60 of Indias GDP is services based which now is taxed at 15 will be increased to 18 under GST so prices will go up. My advice Buy things now. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. If you want to buy anything buy now. GST will cause huge inflation in short term: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Get Good Position in Search Engine with SEO Company In India: [removed]. How do create an affiliate blog and monetize it through affiliate sales. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says. Oil companies to effect daily change in diesel petrol prices from 16 June. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. Learn every bit of TDS. Infosys founders looking to sell their stake in company. Samsung to invest over 760 million in India to reaffirm commitment to Make in India: [deleted]. Digiyatra A Digital Experience For Travelers That Offers Services From Booking By Displaying The Price Trend To Submitting Grievances. Jio Kumar Mangalam Birla blames Jio for unprecedented disruption in Indian telecom. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 87: [removed]. Iphone 7 Clearance sale 50 Off Free shipping within India. Pm for more details. Samsung bets big on India with Rs. 4915crore investment because it cant ignore a market where Apple assembles iPhones. The way of earning million dollars through cashback business. Uber executive fired after he allegedly obtained and shared medical records of rape victim in India. Reliance AMC to float IPO will be first MF to get listed: [deleted]. Campus hiring top priority for Amazon India. Curd Market in India is Expected to Reach a Value of INR 807.1 Billion by 2021. NYTimes Uber Fires Executive Over Handling of Rape Investigation in India: [deleted]. A top Uber executive who obtained the medical records of a customer who was a rape victim in India is fired. A former Wall Street banker is building Indias largest clean energy company. Samsung to double mobile phone capacity at main Indian factory. Siemens and TCS join Forces for Industrial IoT on MindSphere: [deleted]. Airtel receives CCI nod for merger with Telenor India. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 86: [removed]. Flipkart Amazon India rain discounts to clear stocks ahead of GST rollout. IBM India to get 500 jobs from Lloyds Bank. Reliance Jio Helps India Reach 15th Rank in 4G Availability. Run Your Affiliate Marketing Business in a successful business Ways. Indian leather and buffalo meat industries earn about 10b in annual exports. Harsh crackdown threatens both.. Lassi Market in India is expected to reach a value of INR 47.2 Billion by 2021. IPOs Bonus Issue Share Gifts Exempted From Capital Gains Tax NDTV. Thanks to Jio effect India reach 15th spot in 4G availability. What We Know and What We Dont About the NDTVICICI Bank Case. Adani Power Adani power urges Gujarat government to bail out Mundra power plant. Quick Tips for Entrepreneur to Start their Affiliate Marketing Business. Not just Mumbai to Goa Tejas Express may take you to Ahmedabad too. Mumbai city news Businessmen and merchants might prefer travelling on the ultraluxury premium train feel railway authorities.. Banks To Start Charging For P2P Payments On UPI. NDTV probe Pvt banks fear debt resolution may be hit Times of India. Vijay Shekhar Sharma Paytm boss Vijay Shekhar Sharma to buy Rs 82 crore Lutyens home. Adani Power Adani power urges Gujarat government to bail out Mundra power plant The Economic Times. India Construction Chemical Market Projected to be Worth US 1890 Mn by 2020. Lenskart plans to open 200 new stores in India. Bosch fund to enter India soon. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 85: [removed]. Salman Khan Heres what he said on GST. Consultancy titan EY to offshore hundreds of jobs to India. Moodys downgrades RCom ratings to Ca from Caa1 Outlook Negative.. ITC to expand frontiers with foray into fruits veggies. ICICI Bank board approves ICICI Lombard stake sale via IPO. Indias Buffalo Meat Exports for April Fall By 11.4. NEC to invest 10 million in new India centre eyes 100 million revenue. Why Telangana is building the worlds second largest startup incubator. SBI now expects to recover only part of Kingfisher dues to take hit of Rs 900 crore: [deleted]. Indias Adani backs goahead for US4b Australia coal mine. India Said to Seek Job Pledge From Apple in Lieu of Tax Breaks. Indias Largest RampD Organisation CSIR Has Declared Financial Emergency. Ready made startup business where newcomers can sprout up. If one takes a 5year view Nifty could triple from here Ridham Desai Morgan Stanley India. Gujarat Government May Acquire Majority Stake In Adanis Mundra Power Plant. Public Provident Fund PPF The silent wealth creator. The successful strategy to beat the competition in Ecom platform. Alibaba Pictures buys Indias TicketNew. Adani board pushes ahead with Queensland coal mine chairman confirms. Coca Cola to invest 1.7 billion in Indian agri ecosystem. loan agreement India signs 39 million pact with World Bank for Assam project. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 84: [removed]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. 7 Business Tactics Affiliate Marketers Should Focus. Rs 1900 crore sewage treatment projects for UP Bihar and Delhi approved. An Ambani On The Ropes Means Govt Has No Option But To Bail Out Telecom. Telecom industrys debt at unsustainable level SBI. What is the need of Cashback business in this current era. Solar energy boom brings Indian manufacturers to financial collapse. Aaditya Overseas Consultants. Anil Ambani Jio entry to help RCom in the long run. StateOwned Banks To Raise Rs 58000 Crore From Capital Market In FY18. Mutual fund houses plan schemes for investment in housing sector. Adanis debt equals to entire farm debt: [deleted]. No Ecommerce Without Cashback. Which business model makes you become rich and famous. Are nationalized banks the walking dead of the Indian banking system. CSIR countrys top RampD body faces acute financial crunch. Maha farmers strike Veggie prices soar in Surat. Tainted imports Indian traders say Turkish poppy seeds come from Taliban fields. Nitin gadkari India to take up road and highway projects abroad Minister Nitin Gadkari: [deleted]. GE Transportation builds Evolution Series locomotives for India Railways. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. Reliance Jio JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500. Indian stocks rise to record as Automakers post higher sales. GST Rates Biscuits to attract 18 footwear 5 and Gold 3. Amazon has now made all orders above 599 eligible for free delivery amp POD Discussions: Earlier if you purchased products worth 499 from Amazon fulfilled sellers you were eligible for free delivery. Now the same is being increased to 599. Should i consider buying Amazon Prime Also I am worried about the way how amazon doesnt take my signature when delivering products to me. I usually buy products worth 200300 rs only from amazon. I bought a REDMI4 A phone from Amazon along with a Fidget spinner 200 rs. The fidget spinner was to be delivered yesterday as we were going out i called the delivery boys no mentioned in the message and he told he was nearby only and can come to home if its urgent i didnt want to trouble him as the place where he was it was just 2 min drive from my home and i too had to go out so i just asked him to wait there and as i was going out only took my vehicle and collected the parcel from him. He did not took any signature and i received the delivery message. Today for the delivery of redmi 4a mobile worth 6k same thing happened. I called the delivery guy to confirm when he will come and coincidentally he was on the same road as my home and probably was coming to my home only he asked me to come down and as i came down he too came in his bike. Just gave the parcel noted on his mobile and left. Though all these coincidences happen the amazon courier guys didnt feel it necessary to take my signature / POD atleast for the redmi 4a phone which may be misused by some people who collect product and then tell they didnt get it. . Why India Now Market Viewpoint [pdf]: [deleted]. Figures dont lie Housing loans for poor declining The Times of India. GST will result in temporary setback MS Unnikrishnan MD amp CEO Thermax. GM After GMs India exit Volkswagen Ford and Skoda also stare down the barrel. [Old][29/11/2016]Model GST Law Negative Impact On Business. What explains the government euphoria on demonetisation and falling GDP numbers. Infosys wants you to know theres only one way to keep your job in tech. 22 yrs old. No dad. Will earn 60k per month soon. Looking for sound financial advice.: I have already made a post on IndianInvestments. Not sure about the number of replies so Im posting it here again. I have recently graduated and I will start earning around 60K per month. I have an education loan 3.95 lakhs i.e. non collateral category I have no clue about investing because my dad passed prematurely and to be honest was a very poor financial planner. I want to be a good planner. Some folks told me that you guys are very helpful. So where do I start What do I need to know What do I read Etc etc Any sound advice will be helpful. Thanks. Your Pursuit Of Cashback Business Can Bring Highest Profits. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months. Utilize your Cash back website with coupons and deals. Reliance Jio JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. High Revenue Yielding Business with Cashback Software. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Lift Your Cashback Business with Coupons that will Go Viral . Bank account number portability is now possible RBI. Anand mahindra and Elon musk about electric cars in India. Indian Army Recruitment 2017 Apply Now. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 83: [removed]. SSC CHSL 2016 Result Declared Check Now All Government Jobs in India. Debt Ridden Reliance Communications Gets 7 More Months To Repay its Debts.. Reports of job losses overstated to hire 20000 this year Infosys. 4 Popular Way To Earn Money From Free Online Classifieds In 2017. Anand Mahindra Goads Elon Musk To Bring Tesla To India. Wipro receives bioattack threat email Rs500 crore in bitcoins demanded. Reliance Jio ARPU 4.7 Much More Than Airtel Vodafone And Idea. Plywood Market in India Expected to Reach a Value of Nearly US 15 Billion by 2022.. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. Ghee Market in India is Expected to Reach a Value of INR 3014 Billion by 2021. Learn 5 Amazing facts about IFSC and MICR Code. Enforcement Directorate attaches Rs 21 crore assets of arms dealer Sanjay Bhandari. Scale up your online business with the boosting business plans. SBI starts charging customers for IMPS transactions clarifications for the media [NP]. Maruti Suzuki General Motors and the auto wars in India. Apple iPhone SE Now Starts from Rs 19999 in India Royal Own. Bank of India to focus on onetime settlement to recover bad loans: [deleted]. IndiaChina trade Indian exports to China rises sharply in first four months. AfghanistanIndia air cargo flights to operate from June 15: [deleted]. India Russia sign Kudankulam pact for Units 5 6: [deleted]. Infosys Founder Narayana Murthy It is possible for us to protect the jobs of youngsters if the senior management are willing to take salary cuts.. Reliance Jio Bharti Airtel squabble over prepaid services in Kashmir despite ban. For 8 GDP growth manufacturing needs to grow at 1214 pc. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 82: [removed]. India is buying over 1000 new planes. Cheaper Solar in India Prompts Rethink for Coal Projects. Government undertaking Power Finance Corporation sees a surge of nearly Rs 50000 crore in bad loans.: [deleted]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. Indian Police to Probe 10.8 Billion Plane Order From 2005. Reliance Communications seeks waiver on interest payable on loans worth close to 1 billion till September.. The NSE Nifty Pharma Index has not had a red tick in the month of July since 2011. Narayana Murthy asks senior executives to take pay cuts to stop IT layoffs. All Of You Should Know About Reliance Communications Default Rating: [deleted]. Basement Development Airdrie Basement Development Calgary. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India: [deleted]. Modis Tax to Spur 1000 New Listings BSE Bourse Head Says: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. Reliance Communications Stock Bond at Record Low on Ratings. Reliance Jio JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. Reliance Communications Stock Bond at Record Low on Ratings: [deleted]. N. Chandrasekaran plans to consolidate smaller Tata group firms. The viral online business plan to beat the competition in ecommerce platform. A Typical Day at a Top BSchool in India. BEL plans 2500 cr. spend on defence RampD. Brezza Alto WagonR lift Maruti Suzuki sales 11 in May but exports drop 36. Ikea to open third India store in Bengaluru acquires 14 acres land parcel. Ikea to open third India store in Bengaluru acquires 14 acres land parcel. The company in parallel is evaluating suitable sites in the cities of Bangalore Mumbai Delhi amp NCR Chennai and Pune and plans to open 25 stores in India by 2025.: [deleted]. Ikea India acquires land for store in Bengaluru. Ikea India has acquired 14 acres of land from Bangalore Metro Rail to set up its Bengaluru store its third in the country after Hyderabad and Mumbai: [deleted]. With 1080 aircraft orders India to be 3rd largest buyer of passenger planes. Changing colours of bank lending to the corporate sector. TIL about the Great Indian Cobbler Scam in which 600 million of government funds was siphoned off by a nexus between businessmen and bank officials. Flipkart sees another high profile exit COO Nitin Seth resigns shortly after Jan promo. Dangal is Charming a New Wave of Chinese Investors Coming to India. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 81: [removed]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Reliance Jio JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. GDP grows at 6.1 in fourth quarter below estimate of 7.1. How do Indian companies get away with completely onesided legal agreements: Ive seen a lot of times that customer agreements that Indian companies make their customers sign are completely onesided and highly unfair. For example my mum received an Aadhaar reverification message today and while she went to the store to get her Aadhaar updated she received a message saying something to the effect of OTP for IdeaMoney registration is XXXX. By using OTP you agree to be bound to all Idea Money TampCs.. She never consented for an Idea Money account nor was she told that this was being done in her name but lets chalk that up to regular shady shit that our cellular operators resort to. She was a bit concerned about security aspects since she had submitted her Aadhaar and her fingerprints and now it turns out that something financial has been done in her name so I went to Idea Moneys website and look at the TampCs. Link https//www.ideamoney.in/portal/services/TermsAndConditions.jsp Heres the first paragraph The Customer on opening an Idea Money Account through USSD Web App or any other channel shall be deemed to have read understood and accepted these terms and conditions as stated below and as amended from time to time. IMSCL reserves the absolute right to withdraw/change/modify/suspend/cancel and/or alter any of the terms and conditions of Idea Money Account and the Customer agrees to be bound by the amended/ altered terms and conditions of Idea Money account. Does Idea Money acknowledge how ridiculous this paragraph is This is tantamount to us signing on a blank sheet of paper and them spelling out the text afterwards. That the terms are subject to change is fairly standard in such agreements but usually the text includes a phrase like with prior notification. These guys dont even bother to do that Im fairly sure that if you go to the court and fight it out this language will be declared invalid. But who has the time for this shit This is not just Idea Money this shit is fairly common with all Indian institutions. Another example of a bank and its TampCs regarding Aadhaar disclaimer dont know which bank this is found it on Twitter. https//imgur.com/a/Dsk4Z Edit This also ties in to a dangerous Aadhaarrelated security practice. Whenever you esign a KYC document using Aadhaar the document is in the personnels smartphone/tablet. Neither do you get to read it at the moment you are signing the document nor is a copy of the signed document sent emailed to you. Millions of people who signed up to Jio have no clue what document they put their Aadhaar eSignature to. Edit2 Idea Cellular is putting your esignature to a legal document you have absolutely no idea about We should be outraged and panicked.. Banks Offering Personal Loan up to 75 Lakhs at 10.99. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Reliance Jio JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. An Ambani default wont fly in Indias banking mess. Oriental Insurance appoints A V Girija Kumar as CMD. Fruit juice market has shown strong growth due to shifting trends among health conscious consumers from carbonated drinks towards natural beverages.. Products That Helped Patanjali Become Indias No. 2 Consumer Goods Maker. The viral online Business in ecommerce platform. RBI directs banks to initiate account number portability soon. NPA With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Reliance Jio JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. IDRBT Open Admissions for PG Diploma in Banking Technology. ICICI Bank introduces Money2India app for NRIs. JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. Larsen and Toubro acquires order worth Rs 5146 crore. Liquid Milk Market in India is Expected to Reach a Value of Nearly INR 6478 Billion by 2021. Gadkari dedicates projects worth Rs 1117.3 crore to Mumbai port. Integrating millions of cryptocoins are possible with cryptocurrency exchange platform. Govt to prepare Air India revival plan within 3 months amid calls for privatization. Indian companies created over 1.7 lakh local jobs Apac nations told. Income Tax Slabs for individuals for FY 201718 AY 201819 in India: [deleted]. Flipkarts COO quits Krishnamurthys grip tightens. How Indias GST in its current avatar deviates from global practices. Key men at TCS get 31 pay hike despite slowdown in IT industry. JioFiber may spark price war with Diwali launch likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500: [deleted]. With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 80: [removed]. Techies well taken care of no need for union ExInfosys CFO V Balakrishnan. AIOCD Strike Pharmacies likely to remain closed today. Jet Airways Q4 profit falls about 91. Indias bad debt is looking better to investors. Why Online Free Classified Sites Are Essential For Marketing Your Business In 2017. Top 4 Advantages of Free Online Classifieds Site Adaalo. With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes. Cashback the Successful Strategy to Beat the Competition in Ecommerce Platform. Naspers Bets Big On Indian Food Delivery Space Infuses 80 Million In Swiggy. Cashback the Successful Strategy to Beat the Competition in Ecommerce Platform. Financial Planning A Need for Todays Youngsters. How To Find The IFSC Code Of State Bank Of India Branches. Adani reaches mine royalty agreement with Queensland government: [deleted]. How To Find The IFSC Code Of State Bank Of India Branches: [deleted]. Instead of Sebi tightening rules for participatory notes govt should ban them lock stock and barrel. Successful Ecommerce solution with cashback. Still worried about closing home loans: https//www.youtube.com/watchvtg0zImPKUDs. India Tech Giant Warns Trumps Radical Shift to Hurt Industry. Sebi looks to tighten the screws on PNotes. How to become a successful affiliate marketer. Who are the biggest buyers of gold in India. Ramdevs Patanjali products fail quality test RTI inquiry finds. Truecallers recent update for Android has turned it into a big battery hog. There should be alternatives with a good database of spammers.: Recently did some doctoring on my phone and as a part of it installed a wake lock detector. Seems like Truecaller is the culprit. Google App tops the list but its understandable as I am using an Android with Google features. Nexus 6p to be exact. I have since uninstalled it and the battery life has improved significantly. I am also rooted and running Pure Nexus and Elementalx on it so that is an added bonus. Even after repeated requests to the Truecaller devs they have only made things worse. They were a sell out and have turned into bigger sell outs now. Dont believe me No worries keep it installed and see how it goes down the line. I have been trying to find an alternative app but the trust is slightly shaken on these. The amount of spam calling has increased significantly since the past couple of months. They have found unique ways to go through the caller ids with non suspicious names too. And one of them went so far as to request not to blacklist them like I blacklisted their other new. If you guys seem to know of other apps or caller ids which are less vulnerable now than Truecaller. And has a decent database of spammers. Please post a link or a name. Truecaller is going to go down hard very soon. Its time to jump on another now.. The flow of funds in India. India is the biggest growth driver for Essilor says CEO Hubert. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. Believe it or not Petrol could be below Rs 30 a litre in 5 years. Reliance Communications Stock Bond at Record Low on Ratings: [deleted]. Snapdeal gets Rs113 crore from Nexus Founders in surprise funding. Indias limits on selling cattle could hurt industry diets. Coal India Q4 profit down 38 to Rs2716 crore despite rise in sales. Does anyone have experience mining bitcoin/ethereum in India: If you live up north where the temperatures are pretty low and are a legit person will not cheat me lol we can look into some sort of a partnership. Also if anyone has personal experience doing this can you please share it here. High revenue ecommerce enterprise design. Here is how several home grown defence startups are helping Indian armed forces in modern warfare The Financial Express. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. Reliance Communications Stock Bond at Record Low on Ratings: [deleted]. Passive Income ecommerce Business. Exclusive Airtel Retailers Are Unethically Opening Airtel Payment Banks Account In The Garb Of Mobiles Aadhaar eKYC. So you were wondering how do spammers get your details One of the several emails I get every month. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. Reliance Communications Stock Bond at Record Low on Ratings: [deleted]. Believe it or not Petrol could be below Rs 30 a litre in 5 years: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. Lift Up Your online Business with Trending Technologies. Fosun International Limited a Chinese international conglomerate and investment company plans to enter the Indian real estate market by investing US 1 billion through real estate private equity platform.. British Airways After IT outage British Airways union blames outsourced IT jobs in India for problem. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. Finally RBI cracks the Da Vinci code of Indian banking. Adani Power plunges into red with Rs 4960 cr Q4 loss over adverse SC order. German windturbine major Enercon plans second coming into India. ICICI Bank hikes CEO Chanda Kochhars FY17 payout by 64 She earns Rs 2.1 lakh a day. Believe it or not Petrol could be below Rs 30 a litre in 5 years: [deleted]. Believe it or not Petrol could be below Rs 30 a litre in 5 years: [deleted]. Believe it or not Petrol could be below Rs 30 a litre in 5 years: [deleted]. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. Govt making another effort to disinvest from Air India. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. Markets touch record high with Sensex closing above 31000 Nifty five points shy of 9600 Tata Steel was trading at Rs 511.90 per share its highest since September 2014.. SAGAR MALA project INDIA India infrastructure projects . India extends 500 m LoC to Mauritius maritime pact signed. 5 Instant Tricks To Scale Your Business Through Online Ads. Taj boss Rakesh Sarna quits after ghost of sexual harassment haunted stint. Taj Group of hotels head Rakesh Sarna resigns as IHCL MD and CEO. Sarna had been one of the highprofile recruitments from outside the Tata group made by ousted Tata Sons Chairman Cyrus Mistry.: [deleted]. Lift Up Your Cashback Business with Trending Technologies. The Next BIG Wave To Hit The Indian Market. Why isnt upi as famous as Paytm with shops and merchants: Upi is simpler can use any app deposits money directly into the account and is backed by banks themselves. So why every shopkeeper only keeps paytm as the payment method Along with the traditional methods card and cash Is it because of marketing I guess paytm had sent a lot of agents to shops in metro cities and opened Paytm account for them . Is the marketing and famousness is the only reason that shopkeepers prefer paytm over upi . Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee. Japans investments in India getting diverse. Growing business in ecommerce platform. Android Pay set to enter India this year through UPI. Google has started testing UPI on its Android Pay platform. It recently announced a payment API that will open up all Android smartphones to online payments: [deleted]. What makes TeamBHP the boss of Indian online communities. The real reason why General Motors has given up on the Indian consumer. Proven Methods To Do Affiliate Marketing Efficient. Specific ways to improve your startup business. CORRECTED Indias ITC Q4 profit rises 12 percent but misses estimates. How India can benefit from falling copper metal prices. Flipkart signs term sheet for Snapdeal buyout. How Paytm Payments Bank Affects You What You Need to Know. Hitachi enters Indian Solar Market with CleanMax Solar. Tesla Indian richie rich saddened by Tesla Model 3s delayed India entry. Rupee Plunges Most in 11 Months as Risk Off Hits Indian Markets. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. LampT Punj Lloyd plan to tap Rs 2 lakhcr defence orders. Customers The Shocking Thing Killing Customer Service In India. Has Reliance Communications monumental debt finally become unmanageable. What is the procedure for foreigner in terms of paperwork to open a hostel in India: Hi guys Anyone with experience with this matter I have googled it and ive seen how it goes with establishing a company types of visas etc. however it would be great to hear experience of someone who went thru it. Thanks. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 79: [removed]. Indian carriers are against Qatar Airways India plans and their points are valid govt should take heed. PSA Airtel is prioritizing spedtest.net over other packages.. IndiaChina Trade Business Ties Grow Despite Differences. Why religion and building temples is a profitable business in India. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. Very Important Things You dont know about IFSC code. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Mercedes to cut Made in India model prices by up to Rs 7 lakh. Airtel requests Dept of Telecom to reject Trais Rs 3050 crore fine against Airtel Vodafone and Idea Tech2. Inside Indias Plans To Leapfrog The Western Model Of Car Ownership. Acko is an ambitious digital play to disrupt Indias 10B insurance industry. Successful online business in this current digitalized world. Mumbai Iconic Dadar eatery that invented Piyush may call it quits. Rupee Plunges Most in 11 Months as Risk Off Hits Indian Markets: [deleted]. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess. Become a Successful Ecommerce Player Online. Features of Land Purchase Loan. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Make in India JohnsonHitachi to set up AC export hub in Gujarat. Readymade software for online business with small investment. Rupee Plunges Most in 11 Months as Risk Off Hits Indian Markets: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. What do brands buy on news channels. Why states should take cues from Andhra Pradesh government over barring infrastructure companies. States should take a cue from Andhra Pradesh on barring cos with corporate debt restructuring/strategic debt restructuring history from infra projects.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 78: [removed]. Google announces 6 Indian startups for Launchpad Accelerator Programme. Great opportunity to build your own business. Defence Acquisition Policy Indian And Foreign Firms That May Vie For Contracts Bloomberg Quint. Tata Motors cuts up to 1500 managerial jobs. Cognizant makes it difficult for Indian employees to get green cards. Japanese retailers looking to enter Indian market dominated by European US brands. Elon Musk was misinformedIndia is ready and eager to welcome Tesla: [deleted]. Granite amp Marble Manufacturers Suppliers and Exporters in India. GMs India exit could leave dealers bankrupt and over 7000 jobless. RBI tightening its noose around Indian banks nonperforming assets. Income Tax raids on top bureaucrats across Uttar Pradesh Delhi. The Gateway to success in online business. How the IPL just saved Indian financial markets SimpleMoney. Rupee Plunges Most in 11 Months as Risk Off Hits Indian Markets: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Will RBIs bad loan solution engender moral hazard. No local sourcing for selling Tesla cars India to Elon Musk. Startup Marketing Trends in India. China surpasses India in biogas plants exposing hypocrisy of gau rakshaks. Why Indias decision to buy crude from nonOPEC countries is a good one. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 77: [removed]. Rupee Plunges Most in 11 Months as Risk Off Hits Indian Markets: [deleted]. Indias SecondBiggest Gas Retailer Plans Buyouts for Expansion: [deleted]. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Rupee Plunges Most in 11 Months as Risk Off Hits Indian Markets: [deleted]. Stock Rally Adds Rs 50 lakh Crore To Investor Wealth In 3 Years: [deleted]. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Layoffs and Left Shifts in the Indian IT Industry. How to Recover Money Lost due to wrong IFSC Code. Markets BSE Sensex drops by 206 point after Indian Armys punitive assaults in Pakistan. Trending business in this current era. TRENDING BUSINESS IN THIS CURRENT ERA: [deleted]. Paytm starts payment banks offers 4 interest What is payments bank What happens to Paytm ewallet. Paneer Market in India is Expected to Reach a Value of Nearly INR 420 Billion by 2021. Equity Bug Bites Indias SmallTown Investors as Stocks Soar. Paytm Payments Bank Launched Offers 4 Interest How To Apply. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. CtrlC CtrlV Is Making 90 Of Indian Startups Fail Within The First 5 Years IBM. Voice of Bitcoin On Bitcoin Trading Business. Indias wait for Tesla cars may get longer as Elon Musk finds no ecosystem in India. What is the difference between Simple trader and bitcoin trading business owner: [removed]. Raymond partners KVIC to sell Khadi products from August. HCC and its JV bag Rs 673 crore dam project in Rajasthan. Investing in Organic Farming [np]: Hi there..Has anyone here invested in Organic farming How did you invest How/what are the returns like What are the challenges you faced . Aamby Valley auction set for June valuation pegged at Rs43000 crore. Wipro looks to trim workforce by 10 in FY18 asks managers to find poor performers. Uber Partners With Kolkata Bars In Drive Against Drink Driving. UberBADD or Bars Against Drink Driving seeks to raise awareness about responsible drinking and the need for easy access to transport late at night.. General Motors India exit leaves dealers customers in a quandary. Dealers warn of job losses around 15000 and losses of thousands of crores from around 18000 GM vehicles in stock that will probably not find any buyers now.. Teslas launch of electric cars in India may be delayed over local supply issues. Tesla CEO Elon Musk indicated in a tweet that the support to meet Indias 30 local sourcing norm doesnt yet exist in India.. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Introducing Paytm Payments Bank. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. [NP] Even after the recent data leak Zomato insists on saving card details with no way to optout or delete the information later: Some people never learn. Use Swiggys or Foodpanda.. Indias 150 billion IT industry has a new mantra Reskill employees or perish. India produces minerals worth Rs 26350 crore in March 2017. India becomes second largest steel producer in the world. Mind Boggling Reform That Will Reshape Indias 2 Trillion Economy. Is SpiceJet kicking off a price war on international skies Competition in airline sector is expected to move from domestic airspace into international skies. SpiceJet has already sounded bugle by announcing that it plans a direct DelhiLondon flight at a fare of Rs 30k which can go down to Rs 20k. Tesla Elon Musk says Indians will have to wait longer to ride the Tesla wave. What to Look for in Western Dresses Online. At this rate fintech will slaughter Indias banks. Jaypee UltraTech Cement looking to seal Rs16189 crore deal by July. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Indias Leading Manufacturers amp Supplier of Natural Stone. 5 Books Every Entrepreneur Should Read InstaOffice Blog. The End For Indian Outsourcers Or A Chance For Rebirth. The best way to connect with brands and make money: [removed]. Filing Income Tax Return 7 Things You must keep in Mind before Filing ITR. Inspired by Jios unlimited plan Gujarat pani puri vendor offers unlimited golgappas for Rs100. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Scumbag PayTm informing its users of change in wallet ownership and asking users to opt out by sending an email that too only 21 hours before deadline. PSP Projects IPO sails through oversubscribed 8.58 times. Best Cashback Website in India. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Question It is estimated that India produces around 1.5 million engineering graduates of which only 500000 are employed. So where do the rest million graduates go every year: Source http//m.hindustantimes.com/education/layoffsandshrinkingjobmarketisthistheendofindiasengineeringdream/storyuWtw0E8PtslNzsfiXszMpL.html. Smallcar buyers will have to shell out more under GST SUVs to cost less. IndoAfrican bilateral trade will touch 100 billion by 2018 AfDB. The Rise and Rise of Submerge. Anyone need a suit of armor Go to India. MAKE MONEY ONLINE IN 2017 QUICK PROFITS NO INVESTMENTS. GST GST Small cars are not going to cost more after July 1 Arun Jaitley. What is Goods and Services Tax GST. Layoff number exaggerated IT industry is a net hirer of people Nasscom: [deleted]. Zomato to reach out to 6.6 mn users for security update: [deleted]. GST Rates Refrigerators at 28 Tea Coffee at 5 Namkeen at 12 and Fresh milk amp Fruits for Nothing. Zomato to reach out to 6.6 mn users for security update: [deleted]. Idea Flipkart team up to offer free 30 GB data on select 4G smartphones: [deleted]. Layoff number exaggerated IT industry is a net hirer of people Nasscom: [deleted]. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. GDP numbers likely to be revised higher Nomura: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Idea Flipkart team up to offer free 30 GB data on select 4G smartphones: [deleted]. Hybrid vehicles to attract steep GST levies of 43 to impact plans of Maruti Suzuki Tata Motors others. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Ducati eyed by buyout motorcycle firms as owner Volkswagen considers sale. Breaking barriers with Baahubali. GM to stop selling cars in India: As per the title General Motors will no longer sells cars in the Indian market but will continue to produce cars in India for export. Any thoughts What sort of reputation does GM have in India. Indias First Electric Cab Fleet To Be Launched In Nagpur This Month. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. GST 7 Things that are set get costlier from July 1. SBI Q4 net profit more than doubles. Domestic air passengers grow by 15.15 per cent in April. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 75: [removed]. Closure of a LLPLimited Liability Partnership: Need some advice A friend and I had floated a LLP around 3 years back but never got operative with any business and never even opened a corporate bank account. I was thinking of closing it as we dont see us working together anymore. Any inputs on how to close it and the cost associated to it Since it is nonoperative is there a cost to just keep it like this hoping we may commence some operations in future Thanks in advance. Appreciated.. Retail Industry is about to be Disrupted and is Waiting for it. Reliance Jio grabs 9.29 subscriber market share. Funny Interview 1998The donald trump of India: [deleted]. With 180 growth Chinese smartphone makers set to wipe out Indian brands like Micromax Lava. Smallcar buyers will have to shell out more under GST SUVs to cost less: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Idea Flipkart team up to offer free 30 GB data on select 4G smartphones: [deleted]. Honda Activa prices starting at Rs.21160 [Deal of the Week]. Zomato says hacker agrees to destroy 17 million user details taken off dark web marketplace. Granite Slabs Exporter Granite Tiles Manufacturer Lomrod. General Motors to wrap India sales Chevrolet cars that will say farewell. Hudco shares jump 28 in stock market debut. Indian ITs job creation engine has slowed it hasnt stalled. Unicon Babas identity revealed: [deleted]. You should Know the amazing details of Loan against Property. Here is the list of GST rates as fixed by GST council on 18.5.2017:  [Pdf link]http//bsmedia.businessstandard.com/media/bs/data/generalfileupload/201705/chapterwiseratewisegstschedule18.05.2017.pdf from BusinessStandard.. Layoff number exaggerated IT industry is a net hirer of people Nasscom: [deleted]. Smallcar buyers will have to shell out more under GST SUVs to cost less: [deleted]. Data of People who not paid Income taxdefaulters: [deleted]. Idea Flipkart team up to offer free 30 GB data on select 4G smartphones: [deleted]. Market looks overvalued and its nearly May Should we sell and go away Nifty 50 seems to be moving towards its peak PE ratio. But Nifty 500 PE ratio surely seems to be indicating that it is bubble time and a new peak has been reached. Volvo to start assembling cars in India by yearend. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 74: [removed]. Know about the working hours and mandatory holidays that a factory employee must get. Flipkart Amazon Most Attractive Companies For An Indian Job Seeker. Flipkart Amazon Most Attractive Companies For An Indian Job Seeker: [deleted]. Despite RBI warning 2500 Indians investing in Bitcoins daily.. Reliance Jio Mukesh Ambani Leads Forbes List of Global Game Changers: [deleted]. Govt Decides GST Rates On All Except 6 Categories Of Items. Paytm raises 1.4B from SoftBank eyes 500 million users. Idea Flipkart team up to offer free 30 GB data on select 4G smartphones: [deleted]. Ikea Sticks To Plan For 25 Stores The Size Of 4 Football Fields In India. The first Ikea India store was originally slated to open in Hyderabad by end 2017.. Indian Tech Giants Have New Worry With Surprise Rupee Rally: [deleted]. Spotify may finally launch in India later this year. Idea Partners With Flipkart To Offer 30GB 4G Data On Buying Smartphones. Infosys targets 20000 fresh hires this year too to focus on new digital skillsets. India vs. India: [deleted]. IKEA aims to have over 30 of products made in India Patrik Antoni. Paytm raises 1.4 billion from SoftBank. General Motors To Stop Selling Cars In India By End Of 2017 But Not Pulling Out: [deleted]. General Motors to stop selling cars in India focus on exports. GM to MakeInIndia for exports but stop selling in India. Global gamechanger Mukesh Ambani adds 7 billion wealth in just 5 months. Why Bitcoin Exchange Business Might Be a Good Investment . Arnab Goswamis Republic TV topples Times Now in debut week Barc data. GM to stop selling cars in India but not pulling out Reuters: [deleted]. General Motors to stop selling cars in India but to keep manufacturing centre. General Motors To Stop Selling Cars In India. Made In India iPhone Ready to Debut A Hugely Beneficial Move For Apple And India. I Was Part Of Indian ITs Dream Run. It Changed.. BSNL Signs MoU With Facebook MobiKwik and Disney Land India. Karnataka offers land to SAFRAN Aircraft Engines. Business Centre and Serviced Offices for Rent InstaOffice. All India IFSC Code Finder to find All Bank codes. How a contractor from Tamil Nadu carved out an enormous mining empire in Odisha. Snapdeal effect Ola restricts SoftBank rights strengthens those of founders. 2 lakh IT engineers to lose jobs annually in the next 3 years Head Hunters India. India to pump Rs 10000 crore in Deep Sea Mission. 2 lakh IT engineers to lose jobs annually in the next 3 years Head Hunters India: [deleted]. AIIB Approves First Loan to India to Develop Energy Sector of Andhra Pradesh. Indian Stock market Modified Indian markets enter 2trillion elite club experts see more fireworks ahead. Snapdeal From Unicorn To White Elephant. Reliance Jio Success Helps Mukesh Ambani Top Forbes Global Game Changers List. Bitcoin hits 2000 in India. Bitcoin hits 2000 in India : [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 73: [removed]. 2 lakh IT engineers to lose jobs annually in the next 3 years Head Hunters India: [deleted]. Indian Tech Giants Have New Worry With Surprise Rupee Rally: [deleted]. Heres why this former CEO of IT company is worried for young Indian engineers. The art of curry diplomacy. IBM India Denies Report Of 5000 Possible Layoffs In Coming Months. Tamil Nadu Techies Say Theyre Moving To Form Indias First IT Union. Tamil Nadu has an estimated 4.5 lakh employees in the IT space many are reluctant to join the union because they worry their employers will disapprove or see them as troublemakers.. PSP Projects IPO subscribed 11 on Day 1. How Free Classified Websites Listings Can Help You Grow in 2017. QampA What is the reason behind the layoffs in IT firms in India. LampT Tech to hire 2500 Indians in FY18 step up US recruitment. AirtelTikona deal Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance. Apple has started assembling iPhones in India. JOMFB All in One Facebook Automation nonenglish Language Indonesian. Paytm to become payments bank Know what will happen to your money. Nagpur Which Is Zero Mile Will Turn Into Indias Warehouse. Paytm To Start Payments Bank Operations From May 23. 7 Tricks To Grow Your Business In Multiple Times With Online Classifieds. How to Approach Your Bitcoin Business With Reliability. Paytm Payments Bank bags final licence from RBI officially goes live on May 23rd. Learn word of the day Gorgeous English Vocabulary For Beginners Le.... Sbi po results out. Why many US startups are trying to crack the Indian marketplace. India Grid Trust garners Rs 1012 cr from anchor investors. IT job cuts After Wipro Infosys now IBM lays off thousands in India. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 72: [removed]. SBI hiring retired employees to push home loans. Maruti Suzuki CEO Not possible to shift to electric cars immediately. Future Group To Take Its Fashion Brand To Oman. Job losses Now jobs losses at IBM India 5000 employees under fire. 2 lakh IT engineers to lose jobs annually in the next 3 years Head Hunters India: [deleted]. Heres why this former CEO of IT company is worried for young Indian engineers: [deleted]. Xiaomi launches its budget smartphone Redmi 4 in India. Vodafone India reports 4.2 billion operating loss in fiscal 2017. Planning to buy a car Just rent it for Rs 30000 per annum from this startup. Not a single Indian company in the Web Payments Working group. So much for all the talk about going digital. I count 3 Chinese entities.. Nokia 3310 launched with a price tag of Rs. 3310. All Oppo Phones are same except Wallpaper [NP]. Indian IT Was Lazy Slow And OstrichLike. Crisis No Surprise. Success story of Patanjali Products till now. Indian Pan Masala Market to Reach US 90 Crores by 2022. Software Development Company in New Delhi. Mount Housing Builders and Property Developers Coimbatore. OlaUber driver association head Tanveer Pasha on driver debt incentives pricing amp sauna belt promises. OlaUber driver association head Tanveer Pasha on driver debt incentives pricing ampamp sauna belt promises: [deleted]. Ecogreen Coir Ecofriendly products. A brief history of corporate credit culture Part I. So Will IT Layoffs Really Run Into Lakhs What The Experts Say. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 71: [removed]. Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce. Some are also looking at changing the industry as the call to acquire new skill sets gets louder.. CBI busts foreign remittance scam of over Rs 2200 crore. Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce. Some are also looking at changing the industry as the call to acquire new skill sets gets louder.: [deleted]. No mass layoffs by Indian IT companies workforce realignment happens every year Nasscom. Is Trumps H1B policy driving Indian IT pros to hunt for properties here. 6 StepbyStep Process of Withdrawing EPF amp EPS Online. After H1B Strong Rupee The New Worry For Indian Tech Companies. Open ATMs only after software update RBI. No mass layoffs by Indian IT companies workforce realignment happens every year Nasscom: [deleted]. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent. Is Trumps H1B policy driving Indian IT pros to hunt for properties here: [deleted]. Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce. Some are also looking at changing the industry as the call to acquire new skill sets gets louder.: [deleted]. Be aware about new amendments in the rules for health and safety to be followed in a factory. Employers acting in contravention can be now heavily fined even imprisoned.. Advice for buying a PC with recent i5 6th or 7th gen processor 4gb RAM budget 35k: I am from mumbai. and i thinking about buying a PC with i5 6thor 7th gem processor with 4 gb ram as mentioned in the tittle . gpu should be decent cause i dont want to go over budget . budget is decisive factor i dont want to spend more than 35k. any suggestion advice is useful . i need ur help bcoz i have no idea whats good in the market now so i want to hear it from the users directly so reddit is the best place for that cause last time i did research for buying rig was in 2011 when i bought samsung laptop and i totally regret my decision to this day . so i dont want to make any mistakes this time because i am going to use this pc for a while so i dont want to screw it up . thnxxx in advance my fellow Indians.... Heres why this former CEO of IT company is worried for young Indian engineers: [deleted]. 2 lakh IT engineers to lose jobs annually in the next 3 years Head Hunters India: [deleted]. 2 lakh IT engineers to lose jobs annually in the next 3 years Head Hunters India: [deleted]. PSA Investing in Mutual Funds 101: I started a [thread yesterday]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6aqd8w/psathemarketisperformingfantasticallyinvest/ encouraging people to get into investing especially in mutual funds where a few requested an introduct to mutual fund investing. So this thread attempts to serve that function in a simplistic manner. Investing is very much shaped by individuals financial goals and personality. But this thread nonetheless serves to be a one size fits all introduction so it is highly reductionist and simplistic. So dont accuse me of the same. Beyond anything use your own research to come to conclusions. This post just seeks to encourage a foray into investing. This post is especially tailored to the young professionals 30 years and below who often have sizable disposable incomes which isnt properly utilized. My feeling is that there is a knowledge gap rather than willful ignorance regarding investing. So this post will attempt in shedding some light. Why should one invest and why is saving not good enough There was a time where our elders worked hard towards saving money and that worked for their time. They were risk averse and had a mistrust towards taking on debt. But times have changed. In a climate of low interest rates high inflation your money is simply losing value if it left as cash or as low yield financial instruments. Previously tried and trusted methods of savings bank accounts fixed deposits recurring deposits amp PPFs should no longer be used as the only means of storing wealth. Often these methods are inefficient and dont score well after considering inflation and tax policies. Directing some or a lot of your money into equity basically small ownership of companies has the potential of greater gains. The primary reason why one should invest is because of something called the [compounding effect]https//www.youtube.com/watchvimmQX0RKFY0 small changes across a long period of time that result in a large change. In my opinion mutual funds should be one of the primary instruments in long term investing. What is a mutual fund and why should one consider it A mutual fund is a pool of money collected from people like you the investors which is then invested by a professional fund manager into a wide variety of financial instruments. [Watch video]https//www.youtube.com/watchvdeaUeVM5xs. Mutual funds are incredibly flexible. Investment size One can invest very small or large amounts of money and anything in between. Risk The investor can choose funds which offer varying levels of risks. Frequency You can invest as a lumpsum amount or periodically. Pretty much any time you want. Liquidity Mutual funds are highly liquid. Most types you can buy and sell anytime. Ease of investment The entire process of signup transacting and tracking can be done from home. Professional management Dealing directly in stocks requires an understanding of the market companies industries financial policies etc. Where as through a mutual fund all that responsibility is handed over to the fund manager. Good returns Depending on your type of mutual fund the returns are usually higher than fixed income instruments which were listed above across a long investment time more than 15 years. Tax Benefits MFs may offer taxation benefits in comparison to traditional instruments. But arent mutual funds risky I keep seeing all those disclaimers on TV ads And this is usual question. Yes mutual funds are risky ranging from little to very much. But so is the rest of life Many rewarding experiences in life can be risky. But yet we make our choices and deal with varying levels of uncertainty. It is a truism in life that risk and reward work in tandem. It is all about trying to make sense of risk and let probability do the rest. Lot of people equate the uncertainty to gambling. The difference is this investors have a variety of options and information at hand to to engage with risk in a more informed way. The notion that buying mutual funds somehow equates to day to day gambling is flat out wrong. What mutual fund should one invest in and how can one start The typical answer is that it depends on individual choices regarding taking on risk asset allocation financial goals amp investment horizon how long you intend to stay invested. But putting aside all the jargon you can do the following as a rule After deducting your expenses from your salary decide on a small amount of money Anything between Rs. 500 amp Rs. 5000. This will be your monthly investment. This money should NOT be considered as your emergency fund. Make sure that you can do well without this money for at least 2 years if not more. This is the monthly transaction amount for Systematic Investment Plan SIP which is nothing but a predetermined amount of money automatically transferred from your bank on a predetermined date every month. If you are a tax payer and havent availed the benefits of Section 80C already choose a 4 or 5 star rated [Tax Saver Fund]https//www.valueresearchonline.com/funds/fundSelector/default.aspexcsusp2Ccloseampcat18. If you have availed the 80C benefits then move on to next step. Decide whether you want to take on low risk or if you are feeling a little adventurous. Pick any 4 or 5 star rated fund using [Money Control]http//www.moneycontrol.com/ or [Value Research]https//www.valueresearchonline.com. If you choose to belong to the low risk category we will be choosing a [Hybrid Debtoriented Conservative fund]https//www.valueresearchonline.com/funds/fundSelector/default.aspcat25ampexcclose. If you want to take on more risk choose a [Balanced fund]http//www.moneycontrol.com/mutualfunds/performancetracker/returns/balanced2.html. Keep in mind that the type of plan you need to buy is a Direct Growth Plan and not a regular growth or dividend plan. Once you pick a fund of your choice use [ORO Weath]https//www.orowealth.com/ [Zerodha Coin]https//coin.zerodha.com/ or [Invezta]https//www.invezta.com/ All three are reputable services for investing in mutual funds right from home. There are tons of other means but I chose these three for being idiot friendly for having good customer service and for allowing transacting of direct mutual funds which are commission free. For the one time KYC procedure you will need a PAN card and address proof. Then you need a bank account with balance in it. Start investing automatically every month through the SIP mechanism. Start today Timing the market is fallacy in practice for most people. Periodic investments discipline and unemotionally staying put for the long term are the desired virtues for wealth creation. [Delays cost you in the long term]https//www.youtube.com/watchvq8J1vPGALhY not market ups and downs. What are the intended lessons in this exercise Overcoming ignorance Lets face it when starting out we dont know what we are doing. So the best way to learn is to gradually start investing in a way which can neither hurt or reward you too much. Understanding jargon Investment in mutual funds would mean that you understand a variety of concepts and accronyms equity debt market cap NAV exit load dividend growth standard deviation AUM diversification risk sector allocation expense ratio SIP/STP/SWP etc. Understanding risk and market cycle The typical problem is to give into emotions i.e. feel overconfident during the ups in the markets and to feel uncertain during the downs. This causes one to invest recklessly or pull out funds both which harm long term performance of the portfolio. Which brings me to the next point Cultivating discipline Arguably the most valuable trait for any investor. To set aside money from salary regularly to invest that periodically to not give into market whims and to learn the fruits of patience. Feel the effect of profit and loss Obviously losses and gains in wealth make us feel a certain way. Live those experiences and grow from that. Why have I made these specific suggestions With keeping the investment amount small the potential gains/losses are minimized while you slowly learn about investing. [Systematic Investment Plan]https//www.youtube.com/watchvVtsO9vYIp7E SIP means an automated monthly transaction and that cultivates discipline. Secondly you spread across risk and investment capital across a period of time minimizing effects of market fluctuation. The type of funds I chose 2 broad categories both which have a mix of debt amp equity. So after a period of time you will learn how much risk you are comfortable taking on and come up with a ratio of your choice. Whew Lots of information to consume. But I really hope you all get started. And again this is a reductionist starting manual of sorts. So people who are already investing dont shoot me with your likely valid criticisms. Most of the information shared here is also found in [this video]https//www.youtube.com/watchva11rRhLdrxc. Get started today. No mass layoffs by Indian IT companies workforce realignment happens every year Nasscom: [deleted]. Is Trumps H1B policy driving Indian IT pros to hunt for properties here: [deleted]. Is Trumps H1B policy driving Indian IT pros to hunt for properties here Real estate brokers agree that the soundbytes from the US administration have been rather harsh on Indian IT professionals: [deleted]. Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce. Some are also looking at changing the industry as the call to acquire new skill sets gets louder.: [deleted]. Red Tape And Taxes Put Brakes On Make In India Push. No mass layoffs by Indian IT companies workforce realignment happens every year Nasscom: [deleted]. Make in India LED bulbs are now being exported to London. How I was wrong about OYOs Ponzi scheme. Flipkart Big 10 Sale is live The biggest Flipkart sale has begun. Get upto 80 off flat 10 discount amp many more. Japans Muji Predicts Big India Growth After China Success. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. VC startup investments hit 22 month low of 125m in April. Cow nationalism will drive farmers to buffaloes Sodhi. 30 Yrs After Bofors India Signs The Biggest Contract For Artillery Guns Worth Rs 4500 Crore. Japans Muji Predicts Big India Growth After China Success: [deleted]. 43 inch TV under Rs 25000 Here are the top deals on Amazon Indias big sale. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. VC startup investments hit 22 month low of 125m in April: [deleted]. VC startup investments hit 22 month low of 125m in April: [deleted]. Amul hopeful it can overtake Hindustan Unilever Limited in 2 years. Indian techies take to social media to vent their ire. layoffs Job cuts at Indian outsourcing firms arent Donald Trumps fault. Read why. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. 43 inch TV under Rs 25000 Here are the top deals on Amazon Indias big sale: [deleted]. Indias doing well but Fitch would still not up its rating. Heres why: [deleted]. VC startup investments hit 22 month low of 125m in April: [deleted]. US Approves 75 Million Dollars Chemical Protective Gear For Indian Soldiers. Nagpur to get Indias first electric radio cabs on May 26 2017. DMIC derails in Rajasthan farmers too hit hard Times of India. Hatkecontest Buy products worth gt1K on Flipkart Jabong Myntra Amazon using autocoupon amp win goodies worth 1K https//goo.gl/WI9cPH. Kotak Mahindra Bank raises Rs 5800 crore through Indias second largest QIP. LampT wins large order worth Rs 4500 crore for artillery guns from ministry of defence. Yes Bank underreported bad loans in March 2016 says annual report disclosure. Should Ola Uber Drivers Be Considered Employees Asks Delhi High Court. Use of calcium carbide to ripen mango rampant Times of India. 43 inch TV under Rs 25000 Here are the top deals on Amazon Indias big sale: [deleted]. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. VC startup investments hit 22 month low of 125m in April: [deleted]. Now Mumbai worlds busiest airport with only one runway. PSA CryptoCurrency market is performing fantastically Invest now fellow Indians: As a person who is under 35 I see the young generation wasting away their hard earned money in meaningless consumerism. The lack of reason is astounding. We slave our lives away in working at jobs that are unfulfilling only to earn salaries to buy things that we soon lose interest in. Something has to change Through the course of last year I educated myself about the importance about investing money and how it really effects the future of ones life. I am still very much in the learning process. I have kept my expenses low and now have a portfolio of ten lakhs which is seeing 300 growth year on year. The CryptoCurrency market is doing well The time to start investing is always now especially in Bitcoin. And hold on to your investments for a long time. Dont let market fluctuations deter you. I made many mistakes in handling my money. But it has been an exciting and fantastically revelatory process to correcting. And am sure there are many others like me around here I will be more than glad in sharing some thoughts. The time is now people. Start investing Good luck.. Looking for Fintech collaborators in India. If youre interested please give me a shout.. 43 inch TV under Rs 25000 Here are the top deals on Amazon Indias big sale: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 70: [removed]. The biggest ever fire sale of Indian corporate assets has begun to tide over bad loans crisis [2016]. Mutual funds see Rs 1.51 lakh crore inflow in April. VC startup investments hit 22 month low of 125m in April: [deleted]. Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce. Indian IT Workers Brace For Bloodbath As Industry Veers Towards Jobless Growth. SoftBank and Foxconn are bringing India some of worlds cheapest solar power. Reliance Jio launching JioFiber Preview Offer in Mumbai DelhiNCR 4 other cities. Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. The biggest ever fire sale of Indian corporate assets has begun to tide over bad loans crisis [2016]: [deleted]. Indian couples make up to Rs 15 lakh a month streaming live sex acts Cyber experts: [deleted]. Alternatives to SBI: With the increasing fees SBI wants to levy on ATM withdrawals Im considering switching to some other bank. Options such as ICICI HDFC etc. come to mind. How much do they charge What are some other alternatives. Startups Idea Hunt: [removed]. Startups Idea Hunt: [removed]. PSA The market is performing fantastically Invest now fellow r/indians: As a person who is under 25 I see the young generation wasting away their hard earned money in meaningless consumerism. The lack of reason is astounding. We slave our lives away in working at jobs that are unfulfilling only to earn salaries to buy things that we soon lose interest in. Something has to change Through the course of last year I educated myself about the importance about investing money and how it really effects the future of ones life. I am still very much in the learning process. I have kept my expenses low and now have a portfolio of ten lakhs which is seeing 30 growth year on year. The market is doing well The time to start investing is always now especially in equity. And hold on to your investments for a long time. Dont let market fluctuations deter you. I made many mistakes in handling my money. But it has been a exciting and fantastically revelatory process to correcting. And am sure there are many others like me around here I will be more than glad in sharing some thoughts. The time is now people. Start investing Good luck. Edit Many are misconstruing my argument. I am not advocating investing out of greed and avarice for short term gains. My point is that you should start investing there are gains to be made. But one has to be consistent and patient. Start with an SIP systematic investment plan where you regularly aside some money every month into a fund.. United Airlines cancels Indianorigin mans ticket for filming altercation. mi home Xiaomi to build Mi Homes in India to boost offline sales. Reliance JioFiber Download movies amp songs within minutes Preview Offer launches in Delhi NCR Mumbai amp others. TCS sets up eastern regions largest BPO centre in Patna. Paytm signs term sheet to acquire rival Freecharge reports. GST agony awaits record keepers. Companies will have to maintain an array of accounting and tax records: [deleted]. Should Ola Uber Drivers Be Considered Employees Asks Delhi High Court: [deleted]. Flipkart looks set to buy Snapdeal makes informal offer of 1 billion. Now You can Start Your SIP through Online in Just three Simple Steps. How the World Is Taking on Silicon Valley. SBI clarifies ATM charge hike only for wallet customers. Patna 2.0 A New Facility For TCS a Giant Leap For Bihar. IIT Roorkee startups PuFF is making smoking 50 less harmful without affecting experience. It just raised funding from VCs. TCS rules out employees cut plan. Potential FlipkartSnapdeal Merger Gets Nod From Reluctant Investor: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 69: [removed]. Paytm to acquire FreeCharge Flipkart to takeover Snapdeal signs nonexclusive term sheet. Flipkart Snapdeal Merger Nexus Venture Partners And Softbank Reach An Agreement. Sensex hits alltime high rallies 315 pts Nifty above 9400 for first time ever. Paytm to acquire Freecharge from Snapdeal. All Cash Deal.: [deleted]. TCS rules out layoffs brings relief to employees: [deleted]. SBI denies reports of Rs 25 transaction charges on ATM withdrawals. Freecharge Paytm signs nonexclusive term sheet to acquire FreeCharge. No.1 Cryptocurrency Bitcoin welcoming as Digital Gold by Red Carpet. Ather Energy plans to replicate Teslas charging model in India. Amazon India to Double Storage Capacity Add 5000 New Jobs in 2017. Sheroes Community Meet at InstaOffice. Snapdeal founders Nexus reach deal with SoftBank for sale to Flipkart. News in Numbers Tech Mahindra may fire 1500 employees says report: [deleted]. SBI revises service charges to charge ATM withdrawals at Rs 25. Unique features for Tyre retailer with quick implementation and Affordable price. 9 Incredible Facts of Business Loan that will take Your Business to the 7th Cloud. Amazon Great Indian Sale is live now. Lets celebrate the biggest sale with Amazon and get upto 70 off Extra 15 cashback across all categories. Hurry Offers going out fast.. Franklin Templeton evinces interest to float Fintech Development Fund with Andhra Pradesh. Performers neednt worry theres enough demand Wipro HR head on job cuts. Sensex hits alltime high rallies 315 pts Nifty above 9400 for first time ever: [deleted]. Telecom subscriber base in India grows to 1.18 billion in February Trai. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 68: [removed]. ShopClues raises Rs50 crore in debt from InnoVen Capital. Sensex hits alltime high rallies 315 pts Nifty above 9400 for first time ever: [deleted]. Telecom subscriber base in India grows to 1.18 billion in February Trai: [deleted]. question about recent IT layoffs [np][r]: What is the difference between resignation and layoff and why is it such an important difference that unions are starting to take up their cause difference visavis compensation and dues. things like gratuity rehiring layoff compensation not sure what it is called. Is Baahubali 2 the tonic Indian film industry needed. Softbank writes off 1.4 billion from Snapdeal amp Ola investments for FY17. What Make in India MoD penalises Tata Power for using indigenous parts: [deleted]. Luxe carmaker Volvo firms up India plant on rising sales announcement expected next week. HDFC Bank raises Rs 8000 crore in largest issue of perpetual debt funds. Govt pushes for patent to revive the dying legacy of Kolhapuri chappals. Solar power tariff drops to alltime low of Rs 2.62 per unit. Indian engineers are not giving into the robots without a good fight. Trumps politics are turning off Indias brightest from US business schools. Nearly 1000 senior midlevel Infosys employees may be asked to leave: [deleted]. Royal Bank of Scotland to cut over 300 jobs outsourcing others to India. Any web developers here Need advice.: I am currently developing a ecommerce website for client. This is a big project. I actually dont have any idea how much I should charge him for the website. Can someone tell me how much this kind of websites costs. IRCTC starts cashondelivery service on train tickets. Nearly 1000 senior midlevel Infosys employees may be asked to leave. Airtel Q4 profit plunges 72 to Rs373.4 crore on Jio impact. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 67: [removed]. Infosys Nearly 1000 senior midlevel Infosys employees may be asked to leave. With millions of dollars and square feet the Indian coworking space turns red hot. 4 Tips to Be the Smartest Person When Buying/Selling Online. Bank of Maharashtra reports another UPI breach bank loses Rs 1.42 crore report. Hackers siphon off funds from BoM to invest in Bitcoin. The bank loses Rs 6.14 crore to the machinations of four in just 49 days because of bug in UPI app Ahmedabadbased firms under scanner. IT industry slows Indian companies ready for large layoffs. Adi Godrej announces succession Nisaba to lead Godrej Consumer Products. NEFT Fund Transfer To Get Faster From July 10. Juggling roles and goals. Bitcoin exchange business is a boom not a bubble. SBI cuts home loan rates in affordable housing push. Delhi HC bans surge pricing by Ola Uber says comply with govt rules. Its Time To Use Snapdeal Shares To Sell Bhelpuri Says Former Snapdeal AVP. Technology giants prepare for layoffs Times of India. Chandrababu Naidu meets tech giants executives seeks investments in Andhra Pradesh Being a state that has just begun building itself from the scratch postbifurcation Andhra Pradesh offered tremendous opportunities.. Sonalika inaugurates integrated tractor manufacturing unit. Renault to be among top 5 carmakers in India by 2020 to add 50 dealers this year. Nokia BlackBerry to mark return with Rs 200crore bets. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 66: [removed]. Cops finds small cabins used by couples for privacy inside juice bars in Ulhasnagar. Reliance Jio in talks with Chinese contract manufacturers to introduce a sub Rs 1500 4G LTE feature phone. India seen to become thirdbiggest solar market in 2017. Royal Enfield revving up to buy Ducati. [NP]Airtel Employees vandalise the walls of my familys village house.. Royal Enfields sales surge stokes Eicher Motors Q4 performance. Merger of Orient and ILampFS wind power businesses hits tax hurdle. Royal Enfield revving up to buy Ducati. Hudco IPO opens today Valuations seen as a plus bad loans still a concern. 5 Ways to Calculate Income from House Property for Income Tax Purpose. Amazon Pantry expands to 27 cities in India: [deleted]. Rajasthan dairy farmers selling cow dung cakes on Amazon. With Rs 6 lakh crore NPAs banks may be asked to auction stressed assets.. Low on cash well take that away from you. In the fastestgrowing smartphone market the Nokia dumb phone remains relevant as a vibrator. RBI given more powers to tackle NPAs says Jaitley. RBI given more powers to tackle NPAs says Jaitley: [deleted]. Bad debt situation not that grim recovery hopes intact SBI. Bad debt situation not that grim recovery hopes intact SBI: [deleted]. In the fastestgrowing smartphone market the Nokia dumb phone remains relevant as a vibrator: [deleted]. A delicious Indian berry contains a crucial ingredient for creating cheap solar cells: [deleted]. China beats India to become the worlds fastest growing aviation market. Japans SoftBank takes driving seat in Indian online shakeup. Hatke Product of the Day Flipkart has exclusively launched SmartBuy ProCut USB Trimmer for Men at Rs.799 only. Shop now and avail Axis Bank offers.. Softbank to invest 1.4 billion in Paytm: [deleted]. SoftBank Said in Talks to Invest 1.4 Billion in Indias Paytm: [deleted]. SoftBank to invest 1.4 billion in Indias Paytm in bet on demand for mobile money: [deleted]. US firms untaxed cash more than Indias GDP: [deleted]. Naidu woos Google X to Andhra Pradesh: [deleted]. India is now the worlds biggest twowheeler market: [deleted]. Facebook brings Express WiFi to India partners with Airtel for 700 hotspots: [deleted]. Chandrababu Naidu pitches for Apples entry into Andhra Pradesh during U.S. tour. JIO Now that the offer period is over and only paid subscribers remain lets take a speed amp reliability survey.: People who had bad service did it improve People who had good service are you getting even faster speeds now List city and area if living in a metro. . WholeMart Club: [removed]. Its going to be a long time before India becomes a nation of shopaholics: [deleted]. How to start a restaurant in India. Andhra CM seeks Californias help in technology industry. Wipro Gets Bio Attack Threat Email 500 Crores In Bitcoin Demanded. India has more startup incubators than Israel. PVR goes purple for BYJUs The duo collaborate for an incinema ad campaign. Infosys announces plans to hire 10000 Americans. So how do you get hired. Google and Uber are learning money cant buy them victory in Indias brutal fooddelivery wars: [deleted]. Amazon Family Baby Wish List Programmes for New Parents Launched in India. AC on Rent in Hyderabad on Monthly Basis Air Cooler on Rent in Hyderabad. CNC Bending CNC Punching Services CNC Laser Cutting Services: [removed]. Income Tax filing 2017 11 common mistakes that you should avoid. Lesson to learn from Vijay Mallyas hubrisdriven fall dont bet the farm: [deleted]. How to Conduct Due Diligence on a Property before buying it. Indian Tourists Spent Over 13 Billion In 2016 In America US Embassy. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 65: [removed]. Ramdevs fast food chain to take on MNCs. ACC Ambuja Cements evaluating merger. Develop your skill set and explore more opportunities with DigitalMarketing workshop by an award winning Industry expert Manveer Singh Malhi.. Google and Uber are learning money cant buy them victory in Indias brutal fooddelivery wars. Pranab Mukherjee signs ordinance giving RBI more power to tackle NPAs. Its going to be a long time before India becomes a nation of shopaholics: [deleted]. China beats India to become the worlds fastest growing aviation market: [deleted]. Google and Uber are learning money cant buy them victory in Indias brutal fooddelivery wars: [deleted]. Auction of NPAs Govt notifies banking law amendment to deal with bad loans. This is how stupid our Indian mobile users are getting these days.: [deleted]. Banking Regulation Act Ordinance gives RBI powers to directly intervene in bad loan cases. Rs 235 cr India bears the entire cost for launching South Asia Satellite: [deleted]. AIIB grants 160 million for Andhra Pradesh power project. The AIIB in which India is the second largest shareholder after China has approved the project with the objective to strengthen the power transmission and distribution system in Andhra Pradesh said a bank statement.. [NP] Thieves drain 2faprotected bank accounts by abusing mobile routing protocol. Income Tax department activates efiling facility for all ITRs. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 64: [removed]. BPL scraps partnership with Flipkart moves to Amazon. Patanjalis turnover is a staggering Rs 10561 crore in FY17 100 rise in profits. Apple looks for locations in AP Telangana. Infosys To Hire 10000 American Workers After Trump Criticism. A boon for brick industry machine invented by 10thpass businessman can solve labourshortage issue. India opens small arms manufacturing unit in MP in a joint venture with Israel. This is how pathetic Vodafone customer service really is: So I left India in January for 3 months only to find out Vodafone has very conviniently given my number to someone else when I got back. Apparently their policy is to deactivate the sim if it is unsed for more than 90 days and put it on suspension for another month before giving it to someone else. In this case they went ahead and issued the number to someone in less than 90 days. Now here is the thing. I use that number for all my bank accounts and apps. Not to forget everyone I know in this country can contact me only through that number. if the guy is smart he can use my paytm and access my bank account using OTP in no time. I thought to myself it shouldnt be that big of a deal to get that this sorted but oh boy was I wrong. The day I landed I could not use my phone to get an Uber. Somehow I manage to get home. I dial their customer support. They had me waited for 48 minutes before picking up my call. Only to say that the number has been given to someone else and nothing can be done now. When I asked why was it transffered before 3 months period without notifying me and without the suspension period. To which he said dont know sir but you cant get back this number. He repeated the exact same sentence 5 million times no matter what question I asked. After what seemed like forever he advised me to visit the local vodafone store. So I did. Next day I am talking to this extremely unprofessional lady at the Vodafone store who said we only deal with local requests. Since your concern is with Delhi number. I cant do anything about it. Well fuck me right Now here is the interesting part. Before calling the customer care again I called my number to see if the guy is willing to give my number back. I have to say the guy who now has my number is the coolest guy ever. He said hes been tired of recieving unwanted calls and messages and agreed to give me the number back. I was finally happy. I call the customer care again. Of course there is no way Jatin yes I know his name would pick my call again. I explain my situation to this new guy and he says the exact same thing Jatin had told me. Number is given to someone else. There is nothing they can do. I was like dude that guy is ready to give his number. He said we cant port that number to you again. No matter how many times I tried to explain him the situation he answered like a fucking robot. Same thing over and over again. In the end he gave me an email id to write to. So I did. I emailed http//imgur.com/HRIygyY And guess what I got told the same thing in text format. http//imgur.com/Oy4gSkV I tried to make Ashish understand http//i.imgur.com/duDu0xe.png Ashish is nowhere to be found. Welcome Ranjit. Who tells me the exact some thing plus some extra bullshit. http//imgur.com/uCA33uO http//i.imgur.com/aIR8hIM.png And this point I am really losing it. I give it another shot. http//i.imgur.com/ZzErRAx.png Lo and behold. Ranjit disappears and Preeti comes in who again copy pastes the response. http//imgur.com/0PlaQVb I am furious at this point. http//i.imgur.com/Ej22CBI.png Vodafone doesnt give a flying fuck. Lets welcome Shairi with the exact same message. http//imgur.com/GFa7S68 I give up.. I think VodafoneBot could do a better job than these fucktards. I still dont have my number. I am really pissed. On the bright side the guy who has my number is now my friend. He said I could take his sim when I come to Delhi. Very well done Vodafone. Im glad Jio is fucking you guys up. Fuck off. Tldr Fuck Vodafone customer care.. Patanjali eyes 2fold rise in revenue at Rs 20000 cr in FY18. Patanjali Plans To Enter Restaurant Textile Businesses. With Rs 6 lakh cr NPAs PSBs may be asked to auction stressed assets. Mumbai businessman arrested for defrauding public sector banks of Rs 2600 crore. Indias IT Infra Spend to Reach 2.2 Billion in 2017 Gartner. Cognizant to fired employees Take nine months salary and leave on good terms. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 63: [removed]. About Money amp Wealth Creation. In Indias crowded startup scene its getting harder to raise money for new ventures. Apple has cash worth 2/3rd of Indias forex reserve: [deleted]. Ola Raises 100 Million From Ratan Tatas Fund U.S. Hedge Fund Falcon Edge. MakeMyTrip To Raise 330 Million Via Share Sale: [deleted]. Infoscions have become very innovative CEO Vishal Sikka. Last two years of NDA governments fiveyear term Modi is about to embark on a spending spree says Deutsche Bank: [deleted]. In Indias crowded startup scene its getting harder to raise money for new ventures: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 62: [removed]. Buffalo meat exports up 9 no adverse impact due to ban on illegal slaughterhouses. Uber launches UberEATS in Mumbai to take on Swiggy Zomato. Bad bank not needed to solve India loan mess says Arvind Panagariya. Amul defends TV commercials says HUL trying to pressurise and frighten it. R Infra files revised InvIT IPO file with lower fund target. Who should invest in ELSS Does it suit your requirement. Big gains in small packages Stay with midcaps for potential multibagger play. Amazon Amazon to add 7 new warehouses in India hire 4000 people. [NP] Day after RERA realty stocks surge up to 9 per cent. [NP] Infosys to hire 10000 US workers amid Donald Trumps crackdown on H1B visas. Tata Teleservices fires 500600 employees. H1B visa effect Infosys to hire 10000 US workers set up 4 innovation hubs. 4 Basic Rules for Retirement Planning. India will be ready to launch 5G by 2022 Qualcomm: [deleted]. Flipkart Why eBay buyout amp Flipkarts likely acquisition of Snapdeal are grim news for sellers. Hiring slows at Indias midtier IT services companies: [deleted]. Actis to invest 500 million in green energy platform Solenergi. Decrypting Hike Messenger. Why Amazon India is the reason behind FlipkartSnapdeal merger. SoftBank Said In Talks To Invest 1.4 Billion In Paytm. Reliance moves SAT against Sebi trading ban. Indias ecommerce firms have found an unlikely ally in momandpop store. SoftBank Said in Talks to Invest 1.4 Billion in Indias Paytm. Legal Precautions You should take Before Buying a Property. [Business/Finance]SBI reduces term deposit rates by up to 50 bps. Hiring slows at Indias midtier IT services companies. Just a little more risktaking could increase the emerging affluent Indians savings by nearly 50: [deleted]. Biggest blast on Aadhaar leak so far govt sites leaked data of 13 crore people. Looking to start a career in data Business Intelligence BI is one of the hottest data fields to get into.: [removed]. Forbes Cyclone Baahubali Wallops India With Deluge of Riches. Indians moving away from gold. Indias ecommerce firms have found an unlikely ally in momandpop store: [deleted]. For Ola there is no stopping the bleeding. iPhone Apple India set to make its online store debut this year. Online PF withdrawal application launched. My Portfolio On themeforest. Are Indian Internet companies justified in calls for protectionism. BSNL upgrades minimum broadband speed to 4 Mbps across all Broadband plans: [deleted]. Indias ecommerce firms have found an unlikely ally in momandpop store: [deleted]. 265 Billion of revenue made by 7 Indian companies in year 2016. For Ola there is no stopping the bleeding: [deleted]. Khadi in fashion Industry witnesses record sales of Rs 50000 crore. Indias ecommerce firms have found an unlikely ally in momandpop store: [deleted]. TIL Sanjay Gandhi was a big fan of cars after interning with RollsRoyce he came back to India in 1971 and launched a new car manufacturing company called Maruti Motors Limited. TIL There are 7 Indian companies on the Fortune 500 Global List of 2016 and their revenue is Just 1 of the total....: [deleted]. Olas FY16 losses double to Rs 1760 cr: [deleted]. Marketing done right. Moneyspinner Sales of khadi village goods top Rs 50000cr Times of India. Global medtech firms India locked in tussle after stent price sting. Big players entering affordable housing home prices could go down soon Deepak Parekh. [Business/Finance] SEBI SEBI finalises norms for listing of green bonds. Just a little more risktaking could increase the emerging affluent Indians savings by nearly 50: [deleted]. [Finance] Foreign investors Foreign investors pour in a whopping Rs 22758 crore in April. Walmart to invest 100120 million set up 10 stores in Telangana: [deleted]. Amazon will continue to invest billions in India Jeff Bezos: [deleted]. Jeff Bezos hints at more investments says Amazon fastest online marketplace in India: [deleted]. Indians moving away from gold: [deleted]. Good day /r/India I have a project that requires me to contact ten people who are currently living outside the United States in at least five different countries. Could you answer the following questions for me Thanks: 1 What do you think is the most difficult challenge for U.S. businesses that want to do business in your country 2 What advice or suggestions do you have for American companies that want to do business in your country. TataDocomo case Heres how Delhi HC order will help similar stalled deals. Walmart to invest 100120 million in Telangana to open 10 stores. Girls drive Indias scooter boom. Iran offers India to run phase one of Chabahar Port: [deleted]. Jeff Bezos Hints At More Investments Says Amazon Fastest Online Marketplace In India. Chinas richest man Dalian Wandas 10billion Haryana project on the verge of being pulled out over equity share row. General Motors shuts Halol plant first closure of auto facility in India since 2005. Hatke Offer of the Day Shop for Boat Headphones and Speakers and get upto 45 discount. Alsoavail free movie tickets worth Rs.200 on every purchase.. H1B visa Infosys TCS are not stealing jobs but meeting talent shortage says Mohandas Pai. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 59: [removed]. Why INDIANs become CEOs not CHINESE [ Chinese Media ]. India Startups on BetaList. What is FATCA/CRS and why is suddenly every bank and even NPS/NSDL asking me to submit hard copies for it separately and ASAP: I mean I just have one bloody PAN card and my entire NPS account opening was done online and now I have to send a fucking hard copy and that too within 7 fucking days starting just before a motherfucking weekend. As if I am gonna be a person who has to pay tax in USA in one bank and be some other person in another. Bloody apes Its just one PAN card you lunatics Fucking jumlebaaz bastards. Railways deteriorating health Govt misses earnings target for 3rd straight year operating ratio worst in 15 yrs. How Jio cheated its customers. Unlimited Night data clearly mentioned in earlier plans is not available in any plan now.. Ready to rectify lapses in Welspuns power plant in Uttar Pradesh Government. Best Digital Marketing Course in India. Delhi High Court Allows 1.17Billion Arbitration Award By Tata Sons To Docomo. 90 mobile towers in Chennai miss safety check. India on the road to becoming an innovationdriven economy. Bison Hand Water Pumps Attends GES 2017 Mumbai: [removed]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 58: [removed]. 2000 Crores By Cheque No Bouncing Top Court Warns Saharas Subrata Roy. LPT If you notice a service charge added to your bill at a restaurant you can request for it to be removed. Service tax is mandatory service charge isnt.. Get High Returns with Peer to Peer Lending India. Cadburys worms of graft Whistleblower reveals all Forbes India. Hatke Offer of the Day Offers like never before BuyhatkeTatacliq MahaGiveaway. Shop for 400 amp get Rs.400 cashback. Amazon.com is now selling products of 20000 Indian manufacturers in US Europe. Battle for top slot Flipkart continues to nudge ahead of Amazon in terms of gross sales. https//www.moneydial.com/blogs/10newfeaturesofbhimappyoumustknow/. Indian IT industrys past sins threaten its future. Kia Motors to enter India in 2019 1.1 billion plant to come up in Andhra Pradesh. Kia Motors signs MOU with Andhra govt confirms 1.1 billion investment in India: [deleted]. H1B visa row Why Infosys TCS need to make right noises with those who matter in Trump administration. Amazon Fashion Shop for fashion jewelry dresses bags and other accessories and get upto 70 off on all top brands.. Snapdeal To Vacate Offices In Mumbai And Gurugram Amidst Cost Cutting Woes. Which business model makes you become rich and famous. India Inc Indian companies unprepared for online frauds Deloitte: [deleted]. Credit debit card frauds and how you can avoid them: [deleted]. Post free classifieds ads and Get rid of old stuff Get amazing deals.[p]. Is anybody else fed up of Redmi flash sales: Hello guys I wanted to buy Redmi note 4 today. Went on flipkart and within 2 mins both the 4GB amp 64 GB amp 3GB amp 32GB models went out of stock. I mean so many sales have gone cant they just release the phone in market I am not interested in knowing whether X brand is better than Redmi or vice versa. I am also not looking for suggestions. Please comment if you also have issue with this flash sale system. Thanks.. S Chand Indias favourite textbook publisher hits the stock market. Indias IRB InvIT Fund seeks up to 724 million in IPO. Indias wind power capacity crosses 32 GW mark says IWTMA. Inflated Prophets Why the cult of the entrepreneur will not save India [NP]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 57: [removed]. Baba Ramdevs Patanjali amla juice fails laboratory test Army canteen suspends sale: [deleted]. Googles new bet to win Indias next billion users speaking Indian languages. Billionaires in India are becoming much more common. Blockchain technology is the coolest thing in Indian finance right now but nobody really gets it. [Ask] Which Trading Account you use for Stock Trading: I wanted to start trading in Stocks but I do not know which trading account should I use. So wanted to know what all the trading accounts you use.. UAE visa on arrival for Indians with US visa from May 1. Maruti Suzukis AllNew 2017 Swift Dzire Unveiled.. Hatke Offer of the Day The over the top accessories sale is here.Enjoy upto 80 off on the hottest accessories online and save while you shop.. Only 6 Of The Top 20 H1B Visa Recipients Were Indian IT Firms NASSCOM Says. Patanjali defends amla juice says its a medicinal product. Ratan Tata has funded these 10 successful startups the names will surprise you. Jolt for Ola in Bengaluru as SBI decides to stop disbursing loans to drivers. Flipkart employee will get to be CEO for a day. Shenzhen Stock Exchange to facilitate Indian tech startups access to Chinese investments. H1B visa TCS Infosys accounted for only 8.8 of total H1B visas Nasscom. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 56: [removed]. Jio plans to double network in coming months subscribers cross 108 million. The declining valuation saga of Snapdealled Freecharge. MobiKwik may hook up with Freecharge valuation of new entity pegged at 700 mn1 bn: [deleted]. New Maruti Suzuki DZire unveiled launch on May 16 See pics. 7 Easy Way To Increase Your Business Through Classified Sites List. Ola launches biggest driver partner engagement initiative: [deleted]. Reliance Jio loss widens to Rs22.5 crore for first half of FY17. EPFO Subscribers now will get LoyaltycumLife Benefit of up to Rs. 50 000. Alstom Bombardier tap India as urban rail export centre. RollsRoyce keen to make small aircraft with Indian companies. Unvarnished Return to India Viewpoint: [deleted]. Narendra Modi PM Narendra Modi pitches for advancing financial year to JanuaryDecember. Is it safe to sign a transfer memo before getting the full payment when selling your house: I am selling my house and the buyer wants me to come down to the Greater Noida authority and sign the Transfer memorandum. My worry is is it safe to do so before Ive gotten the full payment . Home Shopping Spree Shop for all home essentials online and avail amazing discounts upto 60.. Hyderabad INOX fined Rs. 5000 for charging Rs 50 for a water bottle. Return to India Viewpoint and experiences: [deleted]. At Microsoft India caregivers to get four weeks of paid leave. At 96.9 per cent Railways posts worst operating ratio in 16 years last fiscal. The Fault in Our Startups Productivity: We have heard fascinating tales of companies like Skype Instagram or whatsapp being birthed and run by a small team of amazing engineers set out to change the world. They epitomise the nature of startups small teams that are super talented that they can shake up the incumbents. This is very much the norm when it comes to most well developed startup ecosystems. How are we in India being the third biggest startup hub globally doing Hint Not so good. The Issue that I want to point out is one of productivity. And a good metric to measure that is the size of the team that it takes to build the company around and the revenue per employee as a metric. Skype had a team of 27 when they got acquired. Instagram had 13. Whatsapp had 32 Engineers and 55 employees when they were acquired by Facebook and had a whopping 900mn people using the service and was doing approx 30mn in revenue. Gmail for eg is still managed by a team of 100 engineers. In contrast look at the Indian Ecosystem today. Practo has 2000 employees 150 of which were laid off in the recent appraisal process. Freshdesk is at about 900 employees and growing fast. Zoho which is another fairly large player in the SaaS space has about 5000 employees. Since the nature of some of these businesses vary lets stick to two SaaS and Pure Play products. Salesforce a 6.6bn revenue company has 19000 people working for it. Zoho 300mn USD revenue company has Approx 5000 people working for it. Freshdesk has a revenue of about 60mn. If we do a Revenue per employee extrapolation Freshdesk would have approx 90000 people when it does the revenue that SalesForce does. Zoho will have 100000 people. On the Pureplay product front Hike for eg has 250 employees and aims to double it this year while its counterpart Whatsapp still has the original approximately 55 strong team. Snapchat is however a 1000 member team and posts 400mn in revenues and plan to reach 1bn this year. Reports suggest that Hike posted a revenue of 46 lakhs last year. Most startups in the US and developed markets have a target of a million dollars of revenue per employee. The same number in India looks abysmally low even though the salaries are more or less starting to look the same. There is another question we ought to ask ourselves. Have we in India ever managed to build a Product Or are these new startups a transitionary step between services that companies like TCS and Infy and building true products Why do I say this Because take for Eg Cognizant which does services has approx 266000 employees and posts revenues of 13.49billion approximately double that of salesforce. Our Indian product startups would have approximately the same size of workforce of services companies to attain that revenue numbers if extrapolated. Bottomline we cant recruit and build startups in India like its done in the valley or it is right now. It has to be different. Note I admire what the companies Freshdesk Zoho Practo Flipkart are doing. This has been an observation that has been at the back of my mind for a while now. There is no intention to belittle whatever they are building. They are awesome in what they do. PS We have started a premium newsletter to talk abt and share insights like these http//bit.ly/2pndTdq Sign up if youd like to join the conversation.. How Nano failed to create a mass market for small cars. Nearly 1 lakh Indians sign petition to RBI Governor against unfair banking charges. 1000 kg cannabis worth Rs 7.20 crore seized News Times of India Videos. Railways to increase 3AC coaches in long distance trains. At 96.9 per cent Railways posts worst operating ratio in 16 years last fiscal: [deleted]. How much useful is MBA if I am going to join my family business: [deleted]. Ola to raise 100 million to fuel expansion: [deleted]. Sensex climbs 162 points on renewed hope of US tax cuts: [deleted]. Analyzing Mild Steel Prices in India. How Nano failed to create a mass market for small cars: [deleted]. Uber Sues Taxi Associations That Protested Against It Seeks Rs 12 Cr In Damages: [deleted]. Hire a luxury car at the very cheap price.[p]. Air India offers 50 discount for senior citizens. Apple To Start Assembling iPhones in India From Next Month. Online Matrimonial Websites in Delhi Marriage Bureau in Delhi. Andhra Pradesh and Telangana are each vying for top honours in the Indian startup ecosystem. BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 55: [removed]. BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks: [deleted]. RollsRoyce opens defence service delivery centre in India: [deleted]. Coming soon Home delivery of petrol diesel. Down But Not Out. Patanjali Aims To Double Market Share In The Food Processing Segment. Honda Motor to make India its twowheeler export hub. Best Online Matrimonial / Vishwakarma matrimonial websites / WMmatrimonial. Bespoke Design Unbox Packaging Luxurious Customized Packaging amp Boxes: [removed]. Flipkart toughens return policy no refund on computer camera mobile accessories. Wipro has sacked hundreds of non performing employees Tech2. RollsRoyce opens defence service delivery centre in India: [deleted]. BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks: [deleted]. Hindustan Unilever mulls job cuts extent of layoffs could be between 10 and 15. Hatke Offer of the Day Cooling Days are back with great offers on ACs Refrigerator Air CoolersFans and more. Get Free delivery option with No Cost Emi. Additionally Get 10 off on all Prepaid Transactions.. RollsRoyce opens defence service delivery centre in India: [deleted]. Dehradun jeweller gets 2 yrs in jail for not disclosing Swiss Bank account. Global software Company Wipro sacks hundreds of techies post performance appraisal. BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks: [deleted]. Buying on Flipkart wont come packaged with a return gift. RollsRoyce opens Defence Service Delivery Centre in Bengaluru. Ola Looks To Build Deeper Pockets To Take On Uber: [deleted]. Any book about investing by an Indian author for the Indian market: I have seen a lot of books targeted to US scenario. Although basics of investing are same would like to know about Indian scenario.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 54: [removed]. Business StandardAfter rigorous performance appraisal Wipro sacks nearly 500 employees. Wipro Sacks Around 600 Employees Post Performance Appraisal Report. Why Are Free Online Classifieds So Important For Startups/Business In India. BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks. If the merger of BigBasket and Grofers goes through SoftBank will participate in a 60100 million fundraising round in the merged entity. BEST LIC Software. Propelling your brand to glory Scion. This Indian Food Delivery Service Is the Envy of FedEx. Rs 50000 loyalty will be paid to PF Members. Hatke Offer of the Day Shop for Amazon Fire TV Stick with Voice RemoteStreaming Media Player at Rs.3999.. Sin and bear it Why preventing the ITC stake sale is a bad idea. Supreme Court Allows New Delhi Municipal Corporation To Auction Taj Mansingh. Tata Godrej Adani Eye Sahara Properties. Indian Masala Bonds Back in Fashion as Modi Wins Renewed Mandate. Indian IT firms may face layoffs due to H1B visa curbs Assocham. What led to the crisis at Snapdeal. Can you guys please give me investment related advice: I have around 50K INR that I can invest every month. Im looking for something that has midterm returns. I have no knowledge about finance and till now dont understand what all tax Im paying. Can you guys advice me on where all I can invest with this much money . S. Chand and Co to launch IPO on 26 April. Yes Bank first casualty in RBIs rule to pull out bad loan skeletons. Xiaomi to boost smartphone manufacturing in India Nikkei Asian Review. Atlas Copco opens new manufacturing unit at Hyderabad plant. Kia Motors executive says to announce India car factory soon. India climbs to 8th spot on FDI confidence index. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 53: [removed]. Narendra Modi This could be your chance to get rich from Narendra Modis 250billion defence plan. Vijay Mallya gifted 40 million to his children funnelled Rs 3200 crore overseas EDs dossier. Amazons Fire TV Stick finally lands in India with a Rs. 4000 price tag. Money Making Secret Behind Free Indian Classifieds Reveled. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges. Why Some Startups Win: [removed]. Tata Motors shares fall 7 in 6 sessions amid forex fluctuation. Lufthansa says starting local airline in India a misadventure. Recovering Vijay Mallya loans a long way off for banks. SBI Card a subsidiary of SBI on Tuesday announced that it will levy a charge of Rs 100 on cheque payments for bill amounts less than or equal to Rs 2000.. Paytm to raise over 1 bn from SoftBank move to reduce Chinese co Alibabas influence. A Dental Clinic for Women by Women in Ahmedabad India. New KODA Rapid Buy Now Pay In 2018. What Trumps H1B visa executive order actually does: [deleted]. Lufthansa says starting local airline in India a misadventure: [deleted]. Reliance Jio to offer 15 discount on AirAsia tickets to its users Report. Check out our top steps for launching your data career: [removed]. Joke Vijaya Mallya Its not in our Interest to pay the Principal and its not our Principle to pay the Interest.: [deleted]. Reliance Jio offers international calls for as low as Rs 3 per minute. Eveready After 112 years of powering India the countrys biggest battery maker is out to reinvent itself. Reliance Jio to offer 15 discount on AirAsia tickets to its users Report: [deleted]. Lufthansa says starting local airline in India a misadventure: [deleted]. Indian Cultivated Flowers. Vijay Mallya arrested. Vijay Mallya arrested in London Times of India. Launching domestic airline in India will be a misadventure says Lufthansa. Lufthansa Lufthansa says starting local airline in India a Misadventure: [deleted]. Reliance Jio to offer 15 discount on AirAsia tickets to its users Report: [deleted]. RIL Crosses TCS as Indias Most Valuable Company. Reliance Jio to offer 15 discount on AirAsia tickets to its users Report: [deleted]. Mobile wallets real power lie beyond payments Research. Avoid Accused Cryptocurrency Trading Platform to your Investment . U.S. firm backs off from plan to buy Saharas hotel. Radhakishan Damani His journey from Dalal Street punter to longterm investor to entrepreneur. No Ecommerce Without Cashback. Snapchat shares fall as alleged CEO comments rile some on social media. SBI Card imposes fee on cheque payments. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars: [deleted]. Beer companies to collectively launch new brands in India to reverse sales decline: [deleted]. Setback for Subrata Roy SC orders sale of Aamby Valley for failure to deposit Rs 5092 cr with Sebi. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars: [deleted]. Beer companies to collectively launch new brands in India to reverse sales decline: [deleted]. UberEATS to begin service in India this quarter: [deleted]. Lufthansa says starting local airline in India a misadventure. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 52: [removed]. Ramdevs Patanjali Now Has a PureVeg Restaurant in Chandigarh. As Flipkart slips Amazon is tightening its grip on Indias mobile shoppers. Ecommerce Battle between Flipkart and Amazon has started heating up Tech2. Airtel extends 30 GB Surprise Offer along with subsidised international roaming rates Tech2. Indian who showed proof of funds for US education. How did you do it: [removed]. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars: [deleted]. Indian Railways To Export Locomotives Worth Rs 680 Crore To Sri Lanka. [NP] Infosys paying Rs 13000 crore to shareholders is too little ExCFO V Balakrishnan. Introducing the Paytm Food Wallet. Indian Railways to export modern locomotives worth Rs 680 cr to Sri Lanka. Indias best classified ad posting website: [removed]. India plans stake sales worth 5.4 billion in seven staterun firms. Indias phonemakers cry foul on Chinese rivals. Patanjali opens its first vegetarian restaurant Postik in Chandigarh. Hatke Offer of the Day Check out the wide assortment of top class laptops available online. Shop for a wide range of Laptops from top brands and get great discounts and offers.. Amazon Prime Videos Roy Price On Localising A Global Service: [deleted]. What A FlipkartSnapdeal Marriage Will Mean As SoftBank Plays Matchmaker. Best and Cheap Business Loan. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars: [deleted]. Beer companies to collectively launch new brands in India to reverse sales decline: [deleted]. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Arrogance of Snapchat CEO Spiegel miffed us Indian hackers leak data of 1.7 million app users. Snapchat is doing damage control after its CEO allegedly said the app is only for rich people. Amazon India gains RBI approval for digital wallet: [deleted]. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars: [deleted]. BoycottSnapchat Enraged Indians are uninstalling Snapdeal mistaking it for Snapchat. After UninstallSnapchat Trends In India Snapchat Ratings Drop To One Star On App Store. Why India Was Known As The Golden Bird. Snapchat row People outrage against Snapdeal in confusion The Indian Express. Why Indias solar sector has turned into a 100 billion investment magnet: [deleted]. Snapchat ratings on App Store drops to 1 star.. Milo is back on shelves in Indian supermarkets.. TIL Jio is mirror image of the word OiL. It describes reliance journey from oil to telecom. If you are thinking of deleting or poorly rating Snapchat [NP]. Heres how to earn cash back upto 12 on every purchase made from flipkart through this website. Heres how to earn cash back upto 12 on every purchase made from flipkart through this website: [deleted]. Snapchat Denies Poor India Comment By CEO Evan Spiegel After Backlash Report. Hatke offer of the Day Amazon Fashion is back with fresh new look and get upto 70 on all top brands. Additionally Use Amazon Pay Balance amp get 10 back on website 15 back on App. Grab offer now. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Airtels new prepaid plan offers 70GB data for Rs 244 to counter Jios Dhan Dhana Dhan plans Tech2. buy used led tv onlinehow to buy used led samsung tv buy led tv online. India to make coaches for some of the worlds biggest metro projects: [deleted]. Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel has said the app is for rich people dont want to expand in poor countries like India and Spain News18 on Twitter. Uber Wants to Rule the World. First It Must Conquer India.. Legal rights of all those working in sales promotion.. Binny Bansal Flipkarts other categories growing faster than mobile phones. India To Build Diesel Gas Pipelines To Bangladesh: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 51: [removed]. I want to make an investment for 2 years and 6ish years. What would be my best options: I wish to invest about 15000 per month from my salary. I need about 160000 after 2 years and about 1400000 after 67 years. I want to reach close to these goals. I have chosen to invest 10000/month Employers contribution Provident Fund Withdraw after 67 years. Edit For buying house. 5000/month Mutual Funds Withdraw after 2 years. My PF contribution may increase after 34 years but Mutual Funds contribution would be same. Is there a better way to invest I also need opinion on which Mutual Funds to invest in.. How To Advertise Your Business In India Using Online Classifieds Ads. Infosys Q4 numbers go off track CEO Vishal Sikkas pay drops 40. India is one of worlds most expensive stock markets. Bharti Airtel unveils Rs 244 plan to counter Jios Dhan Dhana Dhan. Online Shopping Site In India Shop only for women clothing in India jamuntree.com: [removed]. Jain online Matrimonial Jain matrimonial services in India. Google launches a food delivery home services app in India. [Trick] How to Login PayTm Account Without OTP ampamp Transfer Money Directly TricksWorldzz. Indian companies dominate global solar funding market in Q1. PM Narendra Modi to launch Aadhar Pay app in Nagpur today 5 things to know about the credit cardkiller app. [NP] For 20 paisa each bank data of 1 crore Indians was up for sale. Delhi Metro ventures into real estate to sell over 500 flats soon. The new back office inside Goldman Sachs Bangalore hub. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 50: [removed]. Passenger Vehicle Exports Touch Record High Up 16 Percent in FY17. For Some Of Worlds Biggest Metro Projects Coaches Being Made In India. Indian PV domestic sales up 9.96 in March 2017 likely to grow between 79 in FY18. India To Provide China Serious Competition In Low Cost Manufacturing By 2020 Analysis. Indias steel Industry is out of stress as export increased by 57. Japan just legitimized Bitcoins. Should India also officially legitimize Bitcoin and accommodate its use: [Japan just did it]http//startupecho.com/bitcoinseesstrongrisevaluejapanrussiamovelegitimizecryptocurrency/ and their traders community has welcomed it with great enthusiasm. Russia one of the strongest critics of bitcoin is seeking to legitimize it. Is it time for the Indian government to start thinking in cryptocurrency . Hatke Offer of the Day Choose from the widest range of accessories and buy accessories online including bagswatches eyewear and Jewelry. Get upto 70 off on all top brands.. Infosys Promises 2 Billion For Shareholders This Year: [deleted]. Waking up to Bitcoins virtual currencies Govt sets up panel to recommend regulations: [deleted]. Google releases fooddelivery and home services app in India. 3 States Contribution To Indias GDP Higher Than That Of 20 States Combined. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 49: [removed]. India Will Become Worlds 3rd Largest Solar Market This Year. Amazon gets RBI nod for ewallet in India. Mahindra seeks to make luxury electric cars under Pininfarina brand. Jim Rogers changes his mind on India again says he missed the bus Investment guru Jim Rogers says he may have been too hasty in exiting India in 2015. Reliance Jio offer Jio surprises again with new offer Airtel says its old wine in new bottle. Packet Loss 70 is this normal. Vodafone 3G. NRI Investing Convenient Options Price no Bar.: Im an NRI in the US but still have a resident savings account in India. I currently have Rs. 57 lakh in mutual funds. I have Rs. 21 lakh in an ICICI demat account. Both linked to my resident savings account. I want to change my savings account to an NRO account. However the bank informs me that if I do this my demat account will be FROZEN and that I have to physically come to India to open an NRI demat account. All this is too complicated and inconvenient. Is there any service or fund house in India who can just do all this on my behalf Ill give them my documents paperwork etc and they will just open the necessary accounts change whatever is necessary etc Let them charge whatever fees they want. My prime concern is that I dont want to leave the house I dont want to return to India I dont want to be on the phone with my bank etc etc. Does anyone know of any professional service that can take care of all this for me. Woman Who Moved To UK With No English Language Skills Named Asian Businesswomen Of The Year. Cotton Bedsheets Deal for this Summer Rome utilities are essential for completing a home.Get the best cotton bedsheets which suits your need and match your theme of your room. Save while you shop.. Link bank accounts to Aadhaar by April 30 IT department. The Goods and services tax in India. ALL INDIA BANK IFSC MICR CODE DATA BRANCH CODE BRANCH ADDRESS: [deleted]. In Conversation with Aarthi Sivaramakrishnan the founder of The Colour Company. Oil firms IOC BPCL HPCL to revise petrol diesel prices daily from May 1 in 5 cities Heres all you need to know. From May 1 you will have to pay new price for diesel and petrol daily Know how: [deleted]. Snapdeal insiders all stand to lose if its acquired by Flipkart but who will be the biggest loser. Trump Puts India First. Vodafone writes to TRAI asking it to retract Jios free offer report. Bank Accounts To Be Blocked If Not SelfCertified By April 30. What To Do NDTV. Your bank other financial accounts may be blocked if you dont link them with Aadhaar by April 30: [deleted]. Delhi Metro ventures into real estate to sell over 500 flats soon: [deleted]. India is one of worlds most expensive stock markets: [deleted]. NSE NSE exstaffer reveals how some brokers got preferential access to servers. Mahindra and Zoomcar team up with plans to introduce electric vehicles for shared mobility in India: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 48: [removed]. Cisco plans to make India a center for global hardware export. Reliance Jio is exploiting the gaps left by Airtel. Tencent Chinas online giant jumps into Indias ecommerce frenzy. Was North Korea Behind the Hacking of a Bank in India. Reliance Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer Heres everything you need to know: [deleted]. Discuss Jio Summer Surprise Withdrawal. No More Billionaires Flipkart Founders Sachin Bansal And Binny Bansal After New Round Of Funding. Study on Consumer Behavior: [deleted]. NEFTs get faster RBI will process them every 30 minutes instead of 60. NEFTs get faster because banks will process them every 30 minutes now: [deleted]. India is one of worlds most expensive stock markets: [deleted]. CDMA services lose market share as telcos shift focus to 4G. India is one of worlds most expensive stock markets: [deleted]. Rupee First time in over six years rupee may surge to 63/ in a month ET Poll. Battle of Billionaires as Son Set to Clash With Bezos in India. Why Indian SMEs need to partner with IoT platforms. Setting up a one person consultation/web design business in India: Hi Guys Im currently working on H1B visa as an online marketing consultant in US and is moving back to India. I was thinking of setting up a oneperson consultant business in India and was wondering what the process would be like. Has any of you done anything similar here Any help would be much appreciated. Here are the details. Nature of work Most of my work is freelance and is done entirely by me little bit of coding webdesign etc. I occasionally hire freelancers to help and I pay them via PayPal etc. My income is from freelance consultation to US clients and paid via PayPal currently. I also have some income from advertisers through the websites I own. Hiring I dont plan to hire anyone fulltime though. For now it will just be me and the freelancers I pay on oneoff basis. Scale I dont plan to scale by hiring new talent. Its just going to be me for the next 3 years for sure. Registration Whats the best way to set up shop One person company LLP Limited Company Any ideas on which is better in terms of running a freelance intensive business If I were to pull similarities I would call this business sort of like a web design company. Just that its just me. Ive done freelance business earlier when I was in India but never bothered to do it in the right way or werent serious about it. Now I have the potential to make it full time freelance consultation with few clients who I am already in talks with. Hence the plan to return. Thanks r/india . Restaurant industry still seen as a rich mans indulgence not a necessity looking at Rs 65000100000 crore loss. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 47: [removed]. Guys I have a brilliant idea for a business and I need your help to make it successful. 1.6lpm approved.: [deleted]. India is one of worlds most expensive stock markets: [deleted]. BMW Motorrad starts India operations. Why You Should Sell Old Goods In Free Classifieds Ads. Growth of the Global Lentil Market Induced by Health Benefits and Expanding Food Applications. Nokia inks MoUs with Airtel and BSNL to bring 5G network in India. 10 common mistakes people make while filing IT returns. Snapdeal Founders Letter to Employees All but Confirms Imminent Sale. Hatke Product of the Day Drench yourself in the fervour of IPL by getting your hands on the VIVO V5Plus Limited Edition Matte Black 64 GB 4 GB RAM.. Ola readies big push for electric vehicles in India The Economic Times. Concequencies of not filing Income Tax Return by due date. Kingfisher Villa now belongs to Kings Beer owner Sachiin Joshi. [NP] Whats streaming Netflix Amazon tune into India with 2000cr war chests each .. SnapDeal Snapdeal founders promise higher wages to employees. Bond Investors Brace for Hawkish RBI After Patels Surprise: [deleted]. Digital India a Joke Real India amp Data Rates ACT NOW. Flipkart to reenter 600million grocery business. FLIPKART TO REENTER 600MILLION GROCERY BUSINESS: [deleted]. The Organized Mobile Repair Industry Is Heating Up. Softbank initiates Snapdeal sale to Flipkart offers to buy out Kunal Bahl Rohit Bansal stake for 50 mn. Stent Largestselling stent in India has been banned in Europe. Hindustan UniLever Hindustan Unilever mulls job cuts extent of layoffs could be between 10 and 15. With its bad engineers and horrible internet India is far from becoming the next Silicon Valley. Mark Mobius on Trump Xi Meeting and Indias Markets. Bengaluru Court Orders Cheating Case Against Snapdeal CEO: [deleted]. FMCG industry pays the highest salaries in India Randstad. Subrahmanyan named Larsen amp Toubro CEO. Healthcare firm Practo lays off 150 employees says they left as part of appraisal process. BSNL to Declare 4 Mbps As Minimum Download Speed For All Broadband Plans Can It Set A New Precedent. How Jaswantiben Turned Rs 80Loan Into Rs 300 Crore Turnover of Lijjat Papad Initiate India. Practo lays off 150 in annual performance cycle. Mark Mobius Says India Small Caps Are Interesting: [deleted]. FMCG industry pays the highest salaries in India Randstad: [deleted]. Indias Highway Liquor Ban Has Distillers Bracing for Pain: [deleted]. India a production hub for us Stephen Sommer CEO of automotive parts maker ZF. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 46: [removed]. BSNL to Soon Offer 4 Mbps Minimum Download Speed on All its Broadband Plans Report. India ranks 9th among 41 countries in corruption in businesses Survey: [deleted]. Time to build new India exploit resources Anil Agarwal: [deleted]. IT authorities detect over Rs 1.37 lakh crore of tax evasion in last 3 years. Time to build new India exploit resources Anil Agarwal: [deleted]. Fake Rent Receipts Can No Longer Save Your Income Tax. Reliance Jios complementary offer not in sync with regulations Trai: [deleted]. Xiaomi Overtakes Samsung Apple to Become the Most Preferred Smartphone Brand in India Report. RBI policy review Reverse repo rate raised to 6 repo rate unchanged. BSNL BSNL earmarks Rs 4300cr capex for FY18 plans 75K WiFi sites. Latest Jio News Jio Summer Surprise Offer Stopped by TRAI. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 45: [removed]. After Mu Sigma and InMobi how many Indian unicorns are actually going to make money. Reliance Jio withdraws Jio Summer Surprise offer on TRAI advice. Published my annual income report but most of the people missed the point: Two important points 1. My website receives 80 traffic from Google but I do not spend even a single dollar on paid SEO tools. 2. I made 1400000 in last 7 months but I started my blog 22 months back. We tend to miss the important points and talk more about whats visible on the top. I am a Kanjoos Baniya I cant spend money on the things which are not important for me . Airtel doubles mobile sites in fight against Reliance Jio. Global Natural Resources Conclave GNRC. Flipkart set to raise up to 1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal. Luxury means Comfort. India ranks 9th among 41 countries in corruption in businesses Survey: [deleted]. Amazon opens 7 warehouses in bid to boost sales of large appliances furniture. Sugarcane Machine INR53000. Report Apps of 7 Indian Banks Have Been Compromised. 25 of Indian youth willing to deal in cash to help businesses survive EY 73 of youth also feels that unethical action can be justified to help a business survive says an EY survey. Time to build new India exploit resources Anil Agarwal: [deleted]. [np]Jigsaw Releases Proof That There Were No Deficiency Of Services In Stayzillas Case. Beginners Guide To Investing In Gold in India. [BF]. India UK to jointly invest 240 million in green energy sector. Tata Nano And Sumo To Be Phased Out. Cabinet approves setting up rail regulator. The pioneer of lowcost flights in India is making a comeback to connect its small towns. Etihad Airways shuts ticketing and reservation offices in India. Google Play Music Unlimited launches in India at Rs. 89 to take on Apple Music. Indians prefer fixed deposits to equities MFs for investment Sebi Survey. Yogi Adityanaths farm loan waiver SBI PNB Allahabad Bank top exposure. Points To Take Note Of while Filing An Income Tax Return. Time to build new India exploit resources Anil Agarwal: [deleted]. GST Update You must know what will Cost you more amp what will be LowCost for you due to GST. Flipkart set to raise up to 1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal: [deleted]. Anil Agarwal plans to bring Anglo Americans business to India. SBI Unveils New Identity After Merger With Associate Banks. Flipkart set to raise up to 1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal: [deleted]. LenovoMotorola looks to set up factory in India. LenovoMotorola looks to set up factory in India: [deleted]. Anil Agarwal plans to bring Anglo Americans business to India: [deleted]. Flipkart set to raise up to 1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal: [deleted]. Making Money Promise and peril in the Indian bitcoin economy. Flipkart set to raise up to 1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal: [deleted]. Shell India to expand natural gas marketing business. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 44: [removed]. Sony Argues OnePlus 3T Amitabh Bachchan Ad Infringes Its KBC Copyright. Question about LTA: Is LTA already a part of CTC or is it only given additionally to the employee in the month in which he/she claims it for travel expenses In a company when an employee claims LTA his/her salary is reduced by a certain amount for some months and at the end of the FY he is given back the same amount in lump sum. What is the logic of doing this. 5 Amazing Tips amp Tricks to Crack job Interview for Freshers. SoftBank preps Snapdeal for sale looks to buy Kalaari Nexus stakes reports. 2 Practo to partner insurance pharma firms to grow business. Practo claims to have more than doubled the number of patients visiting the platform in 2016 as against the previous year. On chana Govt considering putting 25 import levy to save farmers. Forget compassionate capitalism just some fairness will do. Jet Airways to allow fliers to buy tickets online using UPI the first domestic carrier to do so Tech2. Practo to partner insurance pharma firms to grow business. Practo claims to have more than doubled the number of patients visiting the platform in 2016 as against the previous year: [deleted]. Markets Live Sensex hits 30000 mark Aditya Birla Money shares jump 17. Indian Malaysian firms sign investment deals worth Rs 2.45 lakh crore. Practo to partner insurance pharma firms to grow business. Practo claims to have more than doubled the number of patients visiting the platform in 2016 as against the previous year: [deleted]. Vishal Sikka guaranteed 90 of 11 mn salary no matter how poorly Infosys does. Fake rent receipt wont help you lower tax burden anymore. India stocks close at 2year high as investors bullish on Modi. Rs 200 notes RBI to bring Rs 200 notes this June claim reports: [deleted]. Indian IT industry will grow 10 despite H1B visa issue Infosys cofounder. How many time a year should someone pay taxes in this country In which month should you pay Do you have to pay in advance for the following months How does it work Please share some 101 and things I should know about. Why Renting a House in Bangalore is Far Better Than Buying It. WhatsApp explores UPI for digital payments in India. Hatke Product of the Day Huge price drop of 69 on ANT VR Designed for Lenovo Smart Glasses. MRP Rs.1299 Sale Price Rs.399. Infosys NR Narayana Murthy has now taken to publicly embarrassing the very firm he founded over salary rows. Petronas plans to invest 150 million in Indias lubricant market. Reliance Jios Set Top Box images leaked telco may launch DTH services soon ET Telecom. MakeMyTrip aims to take on smaller rivals Treebo amp FabHotels. Snapdeal in Soup When Ambition Overshadows Some Harsh Realities. FIIs pump in over Rs 55000 crore in FY17 inflows may increase further. Provident Fund PF Withdrawal 10 Facts you should know about tax liability on PF Withdrawal. Infosys promoters board at odds over COO Pravin Raos salary hike. FIIs pump in over Rs 55000 crore in FY17 inflows may increase further: [deleted]. EVerify Income Tax Return Through Electronic Verification Code. Groundnut exporters shifted to domestic retail business. Stocks To Watch JSW Steel Magma Fincorp Oil Firms Unitech. Singapore blocks visas for Indian IT professionals. Hatke Offer of the Day Top Picks under a Grand. Clothing Footwear and Accessories under Rs.1000. Win Exciting Prizes on Fastest Finger First.. Only Five Large Banks Can Survive In The LongTerm Uday Kotak. Reliance Jio counter Stateowned BSNL offers unlimited calling 10 GB data a day in Rs 249. Finding the Right Job in India is a Lot Like Finding Your Soulmate. Uday Kotak Only five large banks can survive in the longterm Uday Kotak. Amitabh Kant ATMs credit debit cards set to disappear Niti Aayog CEO. Only five large banks can survive in the longterm says Uday Kotak. RBI Governor Gets Pay Hike Monthly Basic Salary Jumps From Rs 90000 To Rs 2.5 Lakh. Indias external debt declines to USD 456 billion in Dec16. Did you know Flipkart had more crorepati execs than Infy amp Wipro put together. jio gives summer surprise to Indians. Logistics firms shares jump up to 5 as Lok Sabha clears GST bills. Shares of Arshiya surged 4.98 Blue Dart Express jumped 4.24 Allcargo Logistics by 3.28 on BSE a day after Lok Sabha cleared GST Bills. Highway Liquor Ban 1 Million Jobs Rs 200 Thousand Cr at Stake. Leading out for new growth A new generation of Indian business leaders who are not are not afraid of doing business differently is emerging. Leading out for new growth A new generation of Indian business leaders who are not are not afraid of doing business differently is emerging: [deleted]. GST These Are The Things You Should Know About Goods And Services Tax. VodafoneIdea may be worth 23 more than the agreed price. Entrepreneurship lessons From slums to Silicon Valley: [deleted]. Comparison Datavoice offers from Reliance Jio Airtel Vodafone Idea and BSNL. Tips for making your Online Classified Advertising more effective. Entrepreneurship lessons From slums to Silicon Valley: [deleted]. Indias most expensive stock is of a company that started out making balloons and contraceptives. ASCI bans 95 ads including Jio Mankind Amrutanjan Emamis Fair amp Handsom Philips Wipros Chandrika Reckitt Benckiser Seagrams Royal Stag Heinz Dabur Fena and Aaj Tak in December 2016: [deleted]. What will cost you more from Today April 1. SBI New Rules Effective From 1st April 2017 All you need to know. Reliance Jio nears 50 million paid subscribers ahead of free offers end. Out of 100 millionplus free Reliance Jio subscribers nearly 50 million have signed up for its Prime membership by paying a onetime charge of Rs99 and buying data packs: [deleted]. Sensex seen hitting record high by endJune as optimism rises. One stop solution for all wedding photographers where you can get latest collection of wedding album psd backgrounds. Worldwideearning presentation in urdu/hindi. If Didi vs Uber was like WW II Ola vs Uber is like Vietnam War Bhavish Aggarwal: [deleted]. Free Jio ends today from April 1 here is what you will pay All plans Jio Prime explained plus Vodafone Airtel Counter Offers. India Peru complement each other Lima hopes to be Delhis gateway to the region Minister. Reliance Jio nears 50 million paid subscribers ahead of free offers end. Out of 100 millionplus free Reliance Jio subscribers nearly 50 million have signed up for its Prime membership by paying a onetime charge of Rs99 and buying data packs: [deleted]. Reliance Jio nears 50 million paid subscribers ahead of free offers end. Out of 100 millionplus free Reliance Jio subscribers nearly 50 million have signed up for its Prime membership by paying a onetime charge of Rs99 and buying data packs: [deleted]. Make in India Xiaomi manufacturing plant. why cant we do like this for every Industry and every Product.: [deleted]. Honda and Hero offers Heavy Discount of up to Rs 20K. MRF Ltd Indias most expensive stock belongs to a company that started out making balloons and contraceptives Quartz: [deleted]. MRF Ltd Indias most expensive stock belongs to a company that started out making balloons and contraceptives Quartz: [deleted]. MRF Ltd Indias most expensive stock belongs to a company that started out making balloons and contraceptives Quartz: [deleted]. Does PayPal comes under FEMA Regulations in India. Brevistay Stay Smartly Pay Hourly. Bank of Maharashtra accounts lost Rs25 crore due to UPI bug says NPCI. Govt slashes small saving schemes interest rates by 0.1. Snapdeal Misses Out On Funding As Investors SoftBank Kalaari Capital And Nexus Get Into Disagreement. NRI Folks 401k question: Ive been working in California for the last year but my employer does not offer 401k matching. Due to the uncertainty of my greedcard/H1B/residency here I am currently on an F1 student visa I decided not to opt to contribute to the plan due to the penalty tax hit on premature withdrawal if I need to leave the country. I am currently not enrolled in any IRA Roth or traditional. I am about to file my US taxes and I just noticed that I was at a massive disadvantage compared to my peers who are in other companies that match 401k. Should be maxing on my 401k out of my pocket solely to reduce US taxes Even if I might return to India in the next few years. NRI Junta 401k question: [deleted]. Govt slashes small saving schemes interest rates by 0.1 Times of India. A Billionaires Path From OneRoom Flat to MegaStore Empire. Bug in UPI app costs Bank of Maharashtra Rs 25 cr in one of Indias biggest financial frauds: [deleted]. News in Numbers 31 new cities to have air connectivity under UDAN scheme. Why Financial Planning is very important Why should you make a financial plan. Xiaomi to create over 20000 jobs in India in 3 years. Hatke Product of the Day Shop now CraftJunction Blessing Lord Ganesha On Bangles Showpiece 9 cm with a price drop of 80. MRP Rs.1499 Sale Price Rs.291. Podcast on Indian Startups w/ Eng Subtitles. What is tax audit how does it affect tax department and the tax payers. Logistics firms shares jump up to 5 as Lok Sabha clears GST bills. Shares of Arshiya surged 4.98 Blue Dart Express jumped 4.24 Allcargo Logistics by 3.28 on BSE a day after Lok Sabha cleared GST Bills: [deleted]. Bug in UPI Bank of Maharashtra sees one of Indias biggest frauds worth Rs 25 crore. Make in India Xiaomi manufacturing plant. why cant we do like this for every Industry and every Product.: [deleted]. Make in India is working: [deleted]. Why India might become the biggest market in the world for solar energy. BS III Vehicles Heavy Discounts Offered On Superbikes: [deleted]. Action against illegal abattoirs in UP gets support from meat association. BS III Vehicles Heavy Discounts Offered On Superbikes. India gets singlemarket religion amid Brexit trigger. Overtime Pay Night Work Pay Holiday pay India. Auto companies offer discounts up to Rs 12500 on BSIII models. Who is the better Investor Men or Women.. Supreme Court ban on BS3 vehicles Heres how it will impact companies customers. How Does Paytm Work And Earn . Hatke Deal of the Day Smartphone carnival Upgrade your mobile to best smartphone in class and get upto Rs. 2500 off on Smartphones. Foreign Portfolio Inflows At 6 Billion In March On Hopes Of Reform: [deleted]. Foreign Portfolio Inflows At 6 Billion In March On Hopes Of Reform: [deleted]. Templeton Leads Foreign Bets on India Bonds as Locals Wary: [deleted]. SBI to offer credit cards to all a/cs with Rs 20k: [deleted]. How would Stock Market react today after passing GST: GST is a huge reform seamless transfer of Goods and Services Transparent system Logistic costs etc. How would today Stock Market open . Kotak Mahindra Banks zerobalance strategy is all about data science. Because smart is the new big. Raymond focuses on khadi places a big order with KVIC. 73 mobile manufacturing factories have come up in India in last 2 years says IT minister. Only 2 Days left 6 Ways you can still Save your Tax in just 2 Days left to fill ITR. Dynamic Website Design 2999: [removed]. Nokia 150 feature phone lands in India. Live Automakers Drop After SC Bans Sale Of BSIII Vehicles From April 1. MadeInIndia Dornier 228 Civilian Plane Set To Take Flight In May. Xiaomi to create over 20000 jobs in India in 3 years: [deleted]. SBI to offer zero annual fee credit cards to accounts with Rs 20000. SBI is planning to provide 0 fee credit card for certain subscribers.. Government to boost benefits for SMEs TaxReturnWala. Important Facts about HUDCO You must know them before investing in Its IPO. Xiaomi to create over 20000 jobs in India in 3 years: [deleted]. MadeInIndia Dornier 228 Civilian Plane Set To Take Flight In May: [deleted]. How Companies Are Buying Clean Energy 4 Lessons from India. Swedish Startup Truecaller Gets Into Mobile Payments in India. Flipkarts Sachin Bansal reiterates call for a levelplaying field Amazon India head says it is an Indian company. [NP] Reliance Jio receives poor response says report only 13 percent customers sign up for Prime membership. Qatar Airways hastens India push plans 100 new jets amid Modis aviation drive. 7 reason why modern Indian choosing luxury homes for their retirement.. SoftBank may be orchestrating Snapdeals merger with Flipkart says report. Deal details Tiger eyes part exit from FlipkartSnapdeal merger: [deleted]. Top 10 small business ideas to start your startup with low investment.. Deal details Tiger eyes part exit from FlipkartSnapdeal merger: [deleted]. HUDCO IPO You must know. SoftBank pushes for Snapdeal sale to Flipkart. Japans SoftBank pushing for merger between Flipkart and Snapdeal Report. LG Samsung Sony cut TV prices by 15 to take on Micromax TCL BPL ampamp Sansui. MP Kirit Somaiya has asked for suggestion from Indians regarding Bitcoin. Help with SBI Bank: Im currently out of the country and I need to make a transfer unfortunately I didnt activate roaming on my registered mobile number and cant receive OTP. Is there anyway I can make this transfer possible Its urgent. PS I travelled with my family and no one home can help out. I also didnt carry my bank card to use for VBV.. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 35: [removed]. VodafoneIdea may be worth 23 more than the agreed price: [deleted]. Reliance Jio Primes deadline may not end on March 31 2017. Introducing Coin our Direct Mutual Fund Platform Zerodha. Mobikwiks supercash is not so super.: FAQ from the site https//www.mobikwik.com/faq/supercash The cashbacks you are getting from mobikwik is turned to supercash. For example I got a cash back of 20 for my order on swiggy after I placed an order for 400. Now I get 80 supercash as cashback lets not call this as rupees as they are not rupees. Now this supercash comes with two conditions. First this will expire after 45 periods from the month end so 45 to 75 days which is fine. You want to gain traction so want the consumers to use you app. I cant argue against this. Second at any transaction you can only use 10 of your supercash towards that transaction. So it doesnt matter if I have 1000 supercash I can only use 10 100 rupees as part of the purchase. And this keeps on getting diminishing value basically means for 100 supercash you can spend 10 first transaction 9 second transaction 1001090 8.1 third transaction 909 81 And to be fair I dont think anybody will get two/more supercash per month and spend two or more time on mobikwik. Effectively they are giving you a cash back around 12. Obviously all this is legal but personally I feel somewhat cheated. And I will use mobikwik with more than a healthy dose of skepticism. . Uber overcharges toll on a ride thinks driver is complaining tells him to keep the extra money and forget about overcharging the customer. Walmart to open 50 new stores half of those in UP Uttarakhand. Did Reliance Industries get away lightly in the unlawful gains case. Coming Soon Amazon Grocery Retail Stores in India. Hatke Deal of the Day Own your desired Samsung mobiles at slashed down rates and get exchange offer upto Rs.16000. Offer is valid till 29th March.. Reliance Industries unlawful gains case and what the fraud is all about. Ikea working on lower pricing for India stores. Nokias Android smartphones to be available globally coming soon to India. Foreign Portfolio Inflows At 6 Billion In March On Hopes Of Reform. Indian Companies Line Up Public Offers Worth Nearly Rs 20000 Crore. Which is best preferably cheapest bulk SMS gateway: Which bulk sms gateway should I use I am looking for quality at cheaper price. The best quote I got till now is Rs. 1380/ taxes for 10000 transactional smss from msgclub.net Is that a good trustable website . . PS Quick details to keep the negativity away I have a website fairly new where I want to setup SMS API for providing features like OTP based registration and other order updates. I want it to be cheapest because it is presently a small scale website and I am not earning a lot from it.. BSNL BB249 Plan Delivering Speeds Up to 2Mbps Gets Validity Extension Up to June 2017. How paytm scamming people. Unboxing Amazons ambitions All eyes are on groceries cashierfree shopping and Indias vast market.. The universities that produce the most unicorn founders Stanford Harvard UC and the Indian Institutes of Technology. Unboxing Amazons ambitions All eyes are on groceries cashierfree shopping and Indias vast market.: [deleted]. Get Reliance Jio Prime Subscription For FREE. SEBI Fines Reliance Industries Rs 1000 Crore For Fraudulent Trades. Government will now pay 8.33 of Pf Contribution. See the scheme.. Airtel confirms acquisition of Tikonas 4G spectrum: [deleted]. Lyft acquires Punebased startup FinitePaths: [deleted]. How to get rich like Warren Buffet. Bank union protests RBI decision to keep branches open next week. Cancer screening process in small town beats healthcare startup in their own game: [deleted]. Amazon working on setting up physical stores in India. India replaces Japan for 3rd spot in domestic air travel. EU recommends suspending hundreds of drugs tested by Indias Micro Therapeutic. Short of track Indian Railways looks beyond SAIL eyes private suppliers. People involved with startups whats the dream: Getting acquired by the likes of Amazon and google Or Cashing out Genuinely want to know.. Ice cream ad Hindustan Unilever takes Amul to court: [deleted]. Government disqualifies authenticity of Bitcoin. VodafoneIdea may be worth 23 more than the agreed price: [deleted]. Come July your favourite fast food or snack may become too costly for you: [deleted]. BSNL offering 1GB free data to nonInternet users. Untold Secret of Auto Raja. IIT Kanpur provides Rs 50 lakh seed funding to startup working to provide clean and cheap drinking water: [deleted]. Lexus launched in India as Toyota targets affluent buyers: [deleted]. Insider trading SEBI bans Reliance Industries from equity derivatives market for a year. Sebi imposes oneyear ban on Reliance Industries 12 others in equity derivatives trading. Investment Hacks Must Know Mutual Funds Myths before investing. Cement prices likely to rise on back of higher demand: [deleted]. Mahindra seeks to make luxury electric cars under Pininfarina brand a la Tesla. 10 secrets behind the stunning success of DMarts Radhakishan Damani. Flipkart Raised 2 Billion Funding To Acquire eBay India Report. MSU diary with sadhus as inventors brings disrepute to India. Elon Musks Tesla remains unmoved by governments make in India pitch. Hatke Product of the Day Great offer for game lovers. Microsoft Xbox 360 500 GB with Forza Horizon 2 Black is available with price drop of 52. MRP Rs. 24990 Sale Price Rs.11990. [np]Groundbreaking Technology 2 Million USD in Funding And A Product That Never Shipped The Neyya Smart Ring. Tata Capital launches mobile app to offer personal loans. Airtel to acquire Tikonas 4G business for about Rs 1600 cr to take on Reliance Jio. Jio Effect Vodafone is offering 9 GB data per month for 3 bill cycles for free. 10 secrets behind the stunning success of DMarts Radhakishan Damani: [deleted]. VodafoneIdea may be worth 23 more than the agreed price: [deleted]. Mahindra seeks to make luxury electric cars under Pininfarina brand a la Tesla: [deleted]. Flipkarts online fashion retail firm Myntra plans to launch a new sales event in April based on high fashion and minimal discount as it seeks shift to fullprice products: [deleted]. Mahindra seeks to make luxury electric cars under Pininfarina brand a la Tesla: [deleted]. Around 84 of Jio users are likely to subscribe to Prime membership Report: [deleted]. Apple to start making iPhones in India in the next two months WSJ report: [deleted]. FlipkarteBay India in a 2 billion tango. eBay to invest and merge its India ops with Flipkart Report According to a report in Factor Daily the deal is structured as part of a USD 2 billion capital raising effort.. Amazon Grofers Big Basket may invest 695 million in food retail. Gold prices edge up on sustained buying. Sensex surges 164 pts Nifty50 tops 9080 Tata Motors gains 3: [deleted]. Tax Hacks 7 Tax Saving Options Beyond Section 80C you should be aware of this tax season. In a first supply for retail space falls in the country. Volkswagen starts SUV Tiguan production in India. Apple to Begin iPhone 6 6s and SE Manufacturing in India Over Next Few Months. Bharti Airtel to buy Tikonas 4G business for 244 million. Bharti Airtel Ltd. Airtel enters definitive agreement to acquire Tikona Digital. 5 Ways to keep yourself updated on Money Matters. Accelerator program launched to support international startups in India. Radhakishan Damani quiet as ever after stellar DMart listing. Airtel Recharge Mobile Online and Get Cashback. Indias solar power sector is getting commoditized First Solar. 5 out of 10 IPOs oversubscribed over 30 times gain over 100. ELI5 [Economics] Why are some electronic items very costly in India as compared to US while some others arent: I was looking for a headphone online US brand. As per Amazon prices It costs 38 USD 2500 INR in the USA. 40 pounds 3300 INR in UK. And 5300 INR in India. Why should there be huge descrepency for prices in UK and India When I see another brand of headphones prices do not differ much between US amp UK but still the price comparison is US lt UK ltlt India Why would that be the case If the company is in US and assuming shipping from USUK costs not very less than USIndia why should Indian customers pay much more ON top of that even the warranty service is poorer in India they might have 2 year warranty in US but only 1 year in India. So we are getting less for more Can someone please explain the suppy chain economics to me. Thanks.. Why are IndiGo SpiceJet others fighting over most punctual crown. Volkswagen starts SUV Tiguan production in India: [deleted]. India rejects Apples key demands on tax incentives. How ailing state banks are hurting Indian economy. UP farm loan waiver Banks will take 27419crore hit. Bad loans at public sector banks surge by 1 lakh cr in AprilDecember 2016. SBI Chief says merger with associates may lead to small rise in costs. Air India has plans to offer on board WiFi on domestic flights: [deleted]. Premerger Is SBI Heading Towards bankruptcy. Charted DMarts is the best stock market debut India has seen in five years. Must Read Investment Lessons from Captain Cool MS Dhoni himself. Must Read Investment Lessons taught by Captain Cool MS Dhoni itself: [deleted]. Billionaires Spar Over Data Speed in New India Wireless Battle. Volkswagen starts SUV Tiguan production in India: [deleted]. In a first supply for retail space falls in the country: [deleted]. Bengaluru is home to the worlds cheapest crop of engineers. Stayzilla Arrest Unites StartUp India Like Never Before: [deleted]. Billionaires Spar Over Data Speed in New India Wireless Battle: [deleted]. 7 Easy Way To Promote Your Business By Free Online Advertising In 2017. How did DMart shares double on day one. Shankara Building Products Ltd IPO You Must Know. Stayzilla Arrest Unites StartUp India Like Never Before. A Month After Launch Most Banks Still To Launch BharatQR Based Applications. Snapdeal in talks with Flipkart Paytm for potential sale. Mediclaim Policy Deduction under section 80 D TaxReturnWala. Nifty Stagnates On Lack Of Cues Avenue Supermarts Gains 115 On Debut. Kumar Mangalam Birla to be Chairman of VodafoneIdea merged entity. How Indian IT companies are devising strategy to beat Donald Trumps visa ban: [deleted]. A Man Is Carrying Out An Extraordinary Online Satyagraha Against HDFC Bank. The Post Office Offers Savings Accounts at Rs 50 ATM Services Without Transaction Fees. Hey Ola Not again guys..not again. After Jios Allegations Ookla Clarifies Airtels Speed Test Based On Q3 Q4 Data. How to Sell Household Items and Furniture on Classified Websites in india. Ookla stands by its decision to name Airtel as Indias fastest mobile network. SBI to shut down 47 of associate banks offices postmerger .. The rationale behind the irrational salaries at Indian startups. How You Can Increse Your Business Leads With Free Advertising Classified in 2017. Media ampamp entertainment sector now at Rs 1262.6 bn FICCIKPMG Report 2017. Nifty pares most of its losses to end above 8100 Idea cellular top loser. DMart listed at Rs 604.4 102 Return. DMart Avenues Supermarkets listing helps Damani race past Anil Ambani Rahul Bajaj on billionaire list: [deleted]. SBI to shut down 47 of associate banks offices postmerger. Due To Robust Chinese Demand Indian Cotton Yarn Exports May Increase. Vodafone Idea merge in allshare deal Key highlights you should know. ELI5 How do I go about dealing with my income tax dues: Hi r/India Im a 23 years old guy just finishing my first year of employment in a central government dept. I joined in April 16. My salary comes after 5k is deducted for income tax every month. Now Im being told I would have to file my returns before the end of current financial year. As a science graduate Im pretty clueless regarding all this. Can someone break down this for me My salary falls in the 510 lakhs pa slab if that helps. Thank you. What Role Does TDS Deduction Play Tax Return Wala. McD app leaks info of 2.2 million users company denies it. Telecom battlefield and the Idea Vodafone merger The fineprint decoded. HipBar Reserve your whisky on the cloud say cheers anywhere. Shankara Building Products IPO Facts You must Consider before Investing in. India home to 101 billionaires Mukesh Ambani tops list Forbes: [deleted]. Bharatiya Mahila Bank to be merged with State Bank of India. VodafoneIdea merger A telecom giant is born amid Reliance Jio threat. Kumar Mangalam Birla to be Chairman of VodafoneIdea merged entity: [deleted]. Live Sensex Nifty Climb Divis Labs Drops 20 On FDA Woes: [deleted]. Need to pay a freelancer in Europe. Whats my best option: I run a small business that routinely hires freelancers. My company has a current account and Im sure wire transfer is possible but its expensive. Freelancer says he usually accepts PayPal is that an option for Indians I thought RBI had locked PayPal down with small limits. How about Bitcoin or even a good old fashioned cheque in the mail Which one would cost me the least to pay the guy. Indias Outsourcers Adjust Strategy Ahead of Trump Visa Changes. A 33 Billion Manager Says History on Side of Indian Stocks. Sensex Drops Most In Two Weeks Idea Cellular Loses 10 After Merger Nod. Government Will Merge Bhartiya Mahila Bank With SBI. India Woos PE Investors to Meet 11 Billion Asset Sale Target. Tycoon Shuns Investment Banks in 23 Billion Vodafone India Deal. Airbnb founder amp CEO Brian Chesky goal to create 50000 host Entrepreneurs in India also double 8.9M visitors to India.: We believe in India. We love India. India is magical https//twitter.com/bchesky/status/843514667154792449 India is transformative. I look forward to working with narendramodi to share Indias magic with our community around the world. https//twitter.com/bchesky/status/843764643181051904 8.9 million people visited India in 2015. We would like to help India double this number. https//twitter.com/bchesky/status/843766496761434112 Our goal is to create 50000 host entrepreneurs in India over the next 2 years. https//twitter.com/bchesky/status/843770061575897088 Airbnb Launches Trips in New Delhi https//press.atairbnb.com/airbnblaunchestripsinnewdelhi/. 7 Easy Way To Promote Your Business By Free Online Advertising In 2017: [removed]. 5 Honest Advice To Stay Popular In The Best Classified Sites World. Shankara Building Products Ltd IPO. Different Types Of ITR TaxReturnWala. Airbnb CEO Brian Chesky gives a 5star rating to India market. Maruti Tata Motors Renault Gain Passenger Vehicle Market Share In AprilFebruary. Idea Cellular Board Approves Merger With Vodafone India. A 33 Billion Manager Says History on Side of Indian Stocks: [deleted]. Cognizant likely to lay off 6000 employees. Modi Magic Seen Pushing Sensex To 32000 By DecemberEnd. Live Sensex Nifty Slide Idea Jumps On Vodafone Merger Nod: [deleted]. who want earn daily 1 to 5: [removed]. Sewa Cab Ola and Ubers new competitor coming soon. Snapdeal Founders Pocketed 24 Mn In 2015 So Much For Salary Cuts Inc42 Media. Steel Mills in India Reversing Import Woes With Export Push. India Today Conclave 2017 Jio can get 5G upgrade will cover 99 of Indians by 2017 end Mukesh Ambani. India cuts number of trade mark forms from 74 to just eight reduces efiling fees. GM puts India investments on hold over sluggish sales. Look what Bengaluru has got to say on spending all your Money On Travelling.. Bleeding telcos at their weakest ever says Airtels Gopal Vittal. For all the negative news flow IT stocks have done fairly well. Is Tata MotorsVWSkoda partnership a winwin of the underdogs. Rs 50 minimum balance no transaction fees Can India Post be the answer to banks greed. Almost every major Indian startup has made the same mistakes as Snapdeal: [deleted]. PepsiCo Nestle ITC et al devise plans to fight back govts higher tax stringent rule proposals. Startup India Govt approves only 10 firms for availing tax benefits. No proposal to replace Income Tax with Banking Cash Transaction Tax: [deleted]. Snapdeal mantra reap before you sow. Despite slowdown a startup is still the place to start your career. Indian Billionaire Becomes an Activist Investor. Startups just cant log off and down shutters in India. H1B visas premium processing suspended to handle huge rush US: [deleted]. How these highpaid techies got caught in a salary bubble and how its bursting now. ADANI Up to 3 billion will flow to Cayman Islands owned company if mine goes ahead. Despite slowdown a startup is still the place to start your career: [deleted]. Tamo Racemo Tata Indias First Attempt at a Sports Car. Cabinet okays sale of IOCs 24 stake in Lubrizol India. Vodafone India Idea Cellular nearing initial agreement in merger deal. Nifty touches new alltime high on US Feds dovish stance. Payment Council Of India Says Cut In Debit Card Fee Will Make Business Unviable. Important facts about CL Educate Ltd. IPO Updates. How a courier boy acquired 51 stake in a firm worth Rs 600 cr. Ikea India Announces 26Week Parental Leave For Both Men Women. Indias startup ecosystem is living through a nightmare this week and it deserves it. Given Jios current speeds do you think it will be able to deliver post 31 March[NP]: Lets admit it. In comparison to all the LTE/4G superfast internet hype Jio hasnt been giving good download speeds. Even under the 1GB FUP speeds dont even reach 1Mbps. Many people me included argue that this is because there is a LOT of traffic on the network and its free anyway so we should just accept it. Compared to the usual lt1Mbps weve all seen in Jio [this]http//www.speedtest.net/myresult/a/2708772046 is what I got on BSNL 3G this morning. But post March 31 when were to pay 303 for monthly services do you think Jio will be able to deliver promised LTE speeds The unlimited free calls is obviously a big advantage any day but what about data speeds Competitors are matching plans tariff wise and coming up with higher speeds on the 3G network like BSNLs [recent plan]https//telecomtalk.info/bsnlsrs339planprepaid/161496/. Do you feel Jio will improve PS Im not trying to attack Jio just trying to find a rational answer. Also Ive given examples of BSNL because Ive been using that since a long time and it has a good track record in my state. EDIT Speed result on [BSNL broadband]http//www.speedtest.net/myresult/a/2708830066 and on [Jio]http//www.speedtest.net/myresult/a/2708840610. Nifty touches new alltime high on US Feds dovish stance: [deleted]. Vodafone India Idea Cellular nearing initial agreement in merger deal: [deleted]. A 33 billion manager says history on side of Indian equities. Paytm goes Global launches bill payment service in Canada: [deleted]. Top 10 Features That Make You Buy MOTO G5 Plus Specs. Top 10 Features That Make You Buy MOTO G5 Plus Specs. Steel mills in India reversing import woes with export push. India Russia discuss free trade pact. Centre made Rs 1.99 lakh crore from levies on petrol diesel in 201516. Three Jaipur students of Class X get Rs 3 crore funding for their startup Times of India. Challenges thrown by payment banks are PSBs ready. Steel mills in India reversing import woes with export push: [deleted]. Bsnl unveils new offer to counter Reliance Jio. Setting up pub/cafe/cinema in Bangalore.: Hello could someone help me out here. Im planning to set up a pub/caf with a large outdoor space in Bangalore. Im just wondering about the licenses and other procedures that are required for me to get an idea of the whole thing and make a presentation. Id also be screening movies outdoors using a projector as well. Like the American drive in cinemas concept except people would sit around the garden not in their cars. Anyone who has a pub business etc who has ideas and can help with understand the process and all necessary licenses etc would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. Help me close my LLP.: [removed]. Why should women be included in financial inclusion Poor women bear the brunt of poverty in the nation. Isnt it right for you and other women to be given an opportunity to exit poverty What better way than financial inclusion. Online shopping on EMI on debit card. Online E Filing Of Income Tax Return Is Better Than Offline. 4 Super Amazing Tips In 2017 For Ad Posting In Free Classifieds.. PepsiCo CocaCola in a bind in droughthit Kerala: [deleted]. CL Educate Ltd IPO You Must Know. Wifi at tea stalls and bakeries . Flipkart looks to forge 1.5 billion deal with eBay and Tencent to take on Amazon and Alibaba. Why Social Media Scrolling About Reliance Jio ampamp Google Working Plan. SpiceJet readies big retail foray to own stores take on major brands. The Ides of March strikes Stayzillas Yogendra Vasupal with voodoo and criminal proceedings. Reliance Jio effect Smaller players looking to exit. New SBI Rules to be Implemented from April 1 You must know it. Uber rival Grab expands its engineering team with new offices in India and Vietnam. Startups rally behind Stayzilla founder as he remains in police custody. Airbnb indicted by AIMCO to interrupt Listings. Modi magic triggers Sensex rally 5 things investors must watch out. With Reliance Jio Mukesh Ambani shakes up Indian telecom market. Indian Government to introduce collateralfree loans of up to 5 crore for startups. Indian Government to introduce collateralfree loans of up to 5 crore for startups: [deleted]. Nestle adopts health mission to make their products healthier. With Reliance Jio Mukesh Ambani shakes up Indian telecom market: [deleted]. I Made 300000 INR In Monthly Revenue With No Employees ampamp No Office The LuvStay Story. The import of some agricommodities from Vietnam stopped by India Temporarily. Understanding Section 44AB of Income Tax Audit in India TaxReturnWala. Banks Experiment With Blockchain But A Winner Is Yet To Emerge. Businesses Effected By Trademark Registration India TaxReturnWala. How to Avoid Mistakes in Making lastminute Investments to save tax. How do you read stock prices using a program: Do you use python and pythonyahoofinance or pythongooglefinance type package Or do you have a more clever technique. Live Sensex Nifty Fluctuate Reliance Gains After Block Deal. First big move under N Chandrasekaran Tata motors to offer new VRS package to over 500 executives to rightsize company says report. Nifty Ends At Lifetime Closing Highs Sensex Gains Almost 500 Points. Nifty Hits Lifetime High Of 9122. Within A Period Of 6 Months Our Revenue Has Been Increased Over By 40Lakhs. TVF boss labels sex abuse charges fake challenges victim to file a police case. India refuses Canadas proposal of signing investment deal before free trade pact. Airtel will remove all national roaming charges for incoming/outgoing calls and SMSes starting from April 1 2017. Airtel launches 4G services in Jammu and Kashmir. Nifty Ends At Lifetime Closing Highs Sensex Gains Almost 500 Points: [deleted]. Nifty Hits Lifetime High Of 9122: [deleted]. AIB Team Reacts To TVF CEO Arunabh Kumar Accused Of Molestation By Female Colleagues. India among most optimistic globally on hiring says survey. Luxury homes in some Mumbai areas see steep correction. I just saw this sponsored content ad from Make in India on Bloomberg: https//www.bloomberg.com/news/sponsors/features/makeinindia/innovationbringsnewgrowthopportunitiestoindia/adv10527ampprxt9aACAMEUNAFEANAampntvidp1 Good use of ad money Looks like it to me. Bloomberg audience aligns with the kind you want to attract for FDI. Its well designed enough though I would be happier if it had more text and less visuals. 4 Brutally Honest Way To Make Money Using Online Classified Ads. Reliance Jio working with Google to launch affordable 4G phone. Nifty hits new high Sensex rallies over 600 points on BJPs poll wins Times of India. A Bengaluru Startup Uses Cane To Build Prosthetic Legs. RBI to now open up UPI for digital wallets like Paytm and MobiKwik. Nifty over 9000 at open as BJP gets clear mandate in UP rupee at highest level since April 2016. NMAMIT NITK chosen as Indias first startup district Times of India. Indian Firms Least Confident Worldwide Says Survey. TVF Nidhi Bisht Announces An Investigation: [removed]. 5 things Silicon Valley needs to know about Indias massive smartphone market. Protectionist West can have a big impact on India CEA Arvind Subramanian. ICICI Bank records most frauds RBI. Fintech Tracker FreeCharge Doesnt Want To Go Where Paytm Does. ShopClues founder says cofounder wife cheated on him and took away his voting rights. Iran leapfrogs Iraq as Indias no. 2 oil supplier in February trade data. Indian companies least confident worldwide Markit survey. ShopClues Sandeep Aggarwal Publicly Questions His Wifes And CoFounders Character Things Turn Grim For Another Indian Unicorn. ShopClues founder accuses wife of ousting him from company. The New CSR Spending Trend in PSU and Private Companies.. Startups turn pollsters by analysing users posts. Honeywell bets on smart cities for growth. PM Modi victory spurs jump in Indian stock futures rupee forwards. India rupee NDFs rise after Modis win in Indias biggest state. Uber rolls out Realtime ID check feature in India for enhanced security of passengers. Startups turn pollsters by analysing users posts: [deleted]. Honeywell bets on smart cities for growth: [deleted]. Modi win brings hope of reforms could push Nifty to alltime high: [deleted]. Do we need a Reliance Jio in Indian banking. Do we need a Reliance Jio in Indian banking. Indias banking sector needs a Reliance Jio to shake the complacency of the bankers and their habit of taking customers for granted. The Indian Uber That is TVF. The Simple Guide To Buy Best Price Mobiles In India. Tax Saving Investments Options Tax Saving Tips The Economic Times. ICICI Bank SBI StanChart top bank frauds list RBI: [deleted]. After Airtel it is now Idea Cellular which will offer free incoming calls on domestic roaming from 1 April. ICICI Bank SBI StanChart Top Bank Frauds List Says Reserve Bank Data. Apple still wont give India what it really wants. How Indias Only SelfMade Woman Billionaire More Than Doubled Her Wealth In One Year. PSA Some Points about Jio Prime: 1. Jio PRIME ONLY needs a recharge every month failing which you will be out of the Prime Pool. [Source]https//www.jio.com/support/enin/faq/jioprime/willmymembershipendifstoprechargingafterfewmonths.html 2. If you dont recharge your Jio number prime/nonprime for 90 days your number can get disconnected. [Source]https//www.jio.com/support/enin/faq/jioprime/whatifidonotrechargemonthly.html. This holds good for [Airtel]http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/infotech/airteltodisconnectusersinactivefor60days/article2615526.ece [Idea]https//telecomtalk.info/ideatodeactivateinactivenumbersafter90days/16498/ and all other mobile service providers. 3. No Unlimited Night Data. [Source]https//www.jio.com/support/enin/faq/jioprime/willunlimitednightdatabeavailabletojioprimemembers.html 4. If you are a Prime user and did not recharge after 31st March you will get incoming calls and SMS for some time. Idk what the some time is. Ideally you should get the calls and messages as long as your number is active. [Source]https//www.jio.com/support/enin/faq/jioprime/iamajioprimememberbutihavenotrechargedwithanyplanwhatwillhappenafter31stmarch.html . Now you know. 100 Cow Dung Cake Cow Gobar on Amazon.in. Uncovering the many layers of your brand story Scion. Advice needed on Serviced Apartment Business: Hi I am running a serviced apartment business. It started off with just a single apartment. It was my friends apartment which I listed through AirBnb and took a cut of the revenue. The apartment is in a very good location right in the city centre and Ive been getting a regular stream of bookings mostly through Airbnb. Ive been offered a couple more apartments in the same building by some owners to lease out and run in this model. Due to the scale involved I am a bit wary of making any commitments on assured revenue to the owners. I need some advise on how to get a regular stream of bookings to hedge the risk am taking by offering a fixed revenue to them per month. . 7 Surprising tricks for advertising your new business on free classified websites. If I make a tax saving deposit of more than 1.5 lakhs can I still avail tax benefit on 1.5 lakhs: Lets say I open a tax saving deposit of 5 lakhs during tax filing can I still avail the maximum tax benefit of 1.5 lakhs Basically is it wrong to open a tax saving deposit over 1.5 lakhs and will it be an invalid deposit to avail tax benefit under 80C Thanks . Online Shopping Site In India Shop only for women clothing in India jamuntree.com. Why the Andhra Pradesh government is betting big only on fintech. IIT Kanpur will soon become a completely cashless campus: [deleted]. DMart IPO subscribed 104.5 times on final day. Books on Indian Economy : [removed]. 4 brutally honest secrets revealed to boost branding with online classified: [removed]. 4 BRUTALLY HONEST SECRETS REVEALED TO BOOST BRANDING WITH ONLINE CLASSIFIEDS: [removed]. DMart IPO subscribed 104 times on last day: [deleted]. Auto sales move to recovery lane as cash ban impact wears off. Best places to get personal loans in India. Indian Government to auction 5G spectrum by this year. McDonalds changes restaurant format. Govt mustnt interfere with free mkt pricing for resources Pro. Netflix will open Mumbai office in effort to create more TV and film content for Indian consumers. Why are companies a better form of business TaxReturnWala. packaged coconut water CocaCola to go the healthy way may launch coconut water. How Indias Only SelfMade Woman Billionaire More Than Doubled Her Wealth In One Year: [deleted]. Property prices decline across top 8 cities in 2016. Amazon wants its grocery service in previously restricted India. Jamsetji Tata The Make In India pioneer. Jamsetji Tata made some of the most enduring contributions to the material reinvigoration of India after its industries were systematically smashed under the British Raj: [deleted]. Singapore FinTech major to set up incubator in Vizag. Paytm now withdraws the 2 charges on cc. Mukesh Ambani has made the business worlds most aggressive bet. Amazon wants its grocery service in previously restricted India. Starting a new business. Should I wait for GST: If I am planning to start a new business in AprilMay should I opt in for GST or get VAT license Actually its gaming lounge not cyber cafe so it comes under Entertainment Service. If you can post a link on GST application that would be a good help. Also lets assume that turnover would be less than 25lacs INR.. Amazon Seeks Fresh Investment in India With New Grocery Service. Bain sees Indias consumer goods sector growing 917 in next 3 years. DMarts Rs 1870Crore IPO Opens Heres What You Need To Know. I am not a free enterprise customers must pay me for my services Aditya Puri HDFC Bank. Epic Research Learning Centre Stock Market Training. Reliance Jio underreported its revenue by Rs 63.77 crore for three fiscal years Draft Audit Report. Kiran Mazumdar Shaw is the sole Indian in selfmade women billionaires list. Qatar Airways to start fullyowned airline in India. Indian startups favour China over Make in India: [deleted]. Indian startups favour China over Make in India: [deleted]. 6 Things to do before you start investing. A Billion Indians With Their Pants Off. Salman Khan ventures into smartphones business with BeingSmart selects plant models [NP]. Paytm to levy 2 fee on recharge via credit cards. Netflix to Open Office in India. Iris Hiranandani Thane. India ETFs in Focus as Modi Raises Optimism. Paytm to levy 2 fee on recharge via credit cards The Economic Times. Idea to help Poverty in India: [removed]. Qatar Airways Investment Authority plan fully owned Indian airline. Paytm valuation near 5.9 billion as 3 investors sell stake to Alibaba. 8 Lessons You Learn From The Richest Man In Babylon. Spicejet offer on International Womens Day Budget carrier unveils special scheme for female flyers. Women Fund Managers Are Rare In India But Deliver Consistent Returns: [deleted]. What is tax audit how does it affect tax department and the tax payers. Tata Motors Unveils TAMO Racemo an Inexpensive Sports 2Door Coupe. India loses 11 billionaires after note ban Mukesh Ambani still richest. While the number of billionaires in India fell after demonetisation the aggregate total wealth of the ultra rich increased by 16 over last year says Hurun rich list report: [deleted]. Deduction under Section 80 E of Income Tax Act1961 TaxReturnWala. Adnoc Indian government agree on oil storage pact. How the worlds largest solar park is shaping up in Karnataka. Have you applied for Aadhar Card If not then get it soon Aadhaar is mandatory for 3 dozen schemes now. Caisse Said in Talks to Buy Kotak Stake From Banking Tycoon. Flipkarts Hedge Fund Boss Is Looking for 1.5 Billion: [deleted]. Live Nifty Extends Losses Alembic Natco Jump After Court Relief. Reliance Capital advances on selling stake in Paytm for Rs 275 crore. Aadhaar Pay New App Does Away With Transaction Fee Debit Credit Cards. Paytm touted to be second biggest unicorn at 4.1bn valuation. Paytm touted to be second biggest unicorn at 4.1bn valuation: [deleted]. India to replace Russia as 3rd largest oil refiner IEA by early 2020. India loses 11 billionaires after note ban Mukesh Ambani still richest Hurun report. How women should take control of their money. Not just women even men dont know how to handle money Arundhati Bhattacharya. OnePlus ropes in veteran Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan as maiden OnePlus Star. Traders confident of BJP win in Uttar Pradesh elections shun hedges. OLD TIL Sunil Mittal current chairman of global mobile operators body. Conditions for a lesscash India. SBI Customer Segmentation Eligibility Criteria and Benefits linked with various Customer Categories. Tata Motors debuts sports car with TAMO Racemo.. Reliance Capital sells stake in Paytm parent to Alibaba. You can soon pool your private car if Uber has its way. Reliance Capital sells 1 stake in Paytm for Rs 275 crore. When Rs. 10 Crore Investment In Paytm Returned Rs. 275 Crore: [deleted]. Banks now charge you for almost all services heres how to beat them. Why Uber should worry about drivers debt distress in India. Government to recover 26 crore rupee from digital money. Banking growth NIMs cause of concern Deutsche Bank On Tata groups Taj Mahal hotel heres why NDMC is right Maruti Suzuki Baleno RS Car review HomeMarket Anil Ambanis Reliance Cap reaps gains sells Paytm stake for Rs 275 cr which it bought for Rs 10 cr: [deleted]. GST has been a Developmental step Globally TaxReturnWala. Ahmedabad Based Mcommerce Platform OhoShop Raises 1 Mn From Brand Capital Inc42 Media. ThreeTime Increase Has Been In January For Indian Steel Exports. Its Alibaba versus Amazon in Indias ecommerce market TechCrunch. 6 Wonderful Lessons for Indian Investors from Warren Buffetts Annual Letter. Women in India earn 25 per cent less than men Survey: [deleted]. Meet The Man Behind The Craigslist Of India. If ignored it might turn you bankrupt . Tech Mahindra to buy U.S. healthcare IT firm CJS for 110 million. India becomes front in global ecommerce proxy war. Bosch New Manufacturing Plant in India. Snapdeal in talks with PayPal to sell Freecharge. Vodafone Idea to launch new data voice plans to counter Reliance Jio. Rural journalist in UP uses WhatsApp to broadcast local news and makes money doing it. Hello. I am a 18 Year old guy living in Mumbai. I need some advice on part time jobs I can do to earn money.: [removed]. Suspension Of Expedited H1B Visa By U.S. To Affect IT Companies NASSCOM. Vijay Mallyas assets will quote again today three times did not find any customer at Auction. Odisha ATM loot goes hitech as hackers strike. Revised bank charges Heres why and how much you have to pay: [deleted]. Warren Buffett Lessons for investors in India from Warren Buffetts annual letter. Music Broadcast Ltd IPORadio City IPO You Must Know. Pathetic Move By Indias Top Banks . Eater of Black Money Goods and Service Tax GST TaxReturnWala. Income Tax Benefit Save a Huge Amount Of Tax by Taking a Home Loan. Now disgruntled OlaUber drivers want to start their own app in Bengaluru. The app will be ready in a months time drivers association says.. Gujarat Bengal fraudprone red zones for rampant insurance con jobs. Are Gaming Cafes doing good in India: I am planning to open a gaming cafe in Jaipur. Whats your opinion on this market. Is it booming in India. Ola inks pact with MP government to train 25000 people. Blackstone GIC top global real estate investors in India Blackstone Group has invested about 2.7 billion in real estate projects in India GIC has put in around 2 billion in building a diversified portfolio. Eating at small hotels and restaurants likely to get cheaper once GST kicks in. Vodafone Idea to launch new data voice plans to counter Reliance Jio: [deleted]. Big Breaking RBI gives NDTV a major shock in 2030 crore money laundering case: [deleted]. Blackstone GIC top global real estate investors in India Blackstone Group has invested about 2.7 billion in real estate projects in India GIC has put in around 2 billion in building a diversified portfolio: [deleted]. Flipkart to hire 2030 more this year. The Bengalurubased firm Flipkart will hire mostly laterals this year. Issues Using Credit cards issued in the USA on Indian Websites: So Ive been trying to purchase a pair of glasses from www.lenskart.com for the past week using a Visa Discover Diners Club and a Mastercard but none of them are being accepted. when I contacted the payment processor PayU they said they only accept International Credit Cards. I was under the assumption my US based credit card can be used internationally or thats what my bank has told me. Ive confirmed with the bank that they are NOT blocking the transaction instead they are telling me they dont even see the transaction making it to them. tldr Does the Indian banking system not honor credit cards from the United States If so how can I purchase goods from India. For Wall Street India Is The Best Country In Asia. Snapdeal in talks with PayPal to sell Freecharge: [deleted]. FinTech Tracker In A World Of BHIM And UPI MSwipe Is Betting On Tiny Card Swipe Machines: [deleted]. Jio vs Airtel vs Vodafone vs Idea How mobile network operators are tackling Jios new offering. FinTech Tracker In A World Of BHIM And UPI MSwipe Is Betting On Tiny Card Swipe Machines: [deleted]. Airtel plans to offer free data to postpaid users. Indian cities by No. of Millionaires and Billionaires. Why Are Bitcoins Bad For India. Snapdeal in talks with PayPal to sell Freecharge: [deleted]. Goldman Sachs expects IT sector growth to slow down. Bank credit growth falls to 4.8. Financial Tasks to do before 31st March 2017 You must know. Start small to go big here are 35 profitable businesses you can start in India within Rs 10000. How are withdrawals from EPF Employee Provident fund scheme Taxed. Reliance Jio sweetens Prime membership offer adds extra 5GB free data. Battered Toshiba to exit plans to build nuclear plants in India UK. Biggest snacks brands in India. Reliance Jio should make an even bigger bet like buying Paytm. Bill against call centres reintroduced in US Congress. Indian cities by No. of Millionaires and Billionaires: [deleted]. Indian cities by No. of Millionaires and Billionaires: [deleted]. With Reliance Jio crossing the 100million customer mark the payments bank is set to be launched before the end of this month. LeEco lays off the bulk of its staff COO Atul Jain quits and now the company might exit India Report. Vijay Mallya blames Pratt amp Whitney engines for collapse of Kingfisher Airlines Times of India. Paytm ECommerce To Raise 200 Million From Alibaba SAIF Partners. Planning to Open a PPF Account 7 Things you must know before opening it. Paytm ECommerce To Raise 200 Million From Alibaba SAIF Partners: [deleted]. The easiest way to send money abroad from India ExTravelMoney.com. End of the road for Flipkart and Snapdeal. List of Allowances when exemption does not depend on expenditure. Biggest snacks brands in India. Heres how coop sector can give Ambanis Jio a run for its money. LeEco fires 85 staff of Indian unit may exit India. Alibaba to invest 177m in Indias Paytm: [deleted]. Live Sensex Nifty Decline After Global Equities Retreat. 10 Steps to boost your Personal Finance you must know. Actually HarleyDavidson doesnt pay Indias 100 motorcycle tariff. Did Reliance Jios free offers cost the Indian govt Rs 800 crore. Live Sensex Nifty Decline After Global Equities Retreat: [deleted]. MasterCard eyes 1 million traders on its BharatQR platform. Reliance Jio case 6 days after rebuking Trai over Reliance Jio offer Telecom Secretary JS Deepak transferred The Financial Express. Registration for Jio Prime membership started Rs. 99. Keep a target of Rs 1700 for Reliance December to March. Hello r/India Questions about current situation in ECommerce.: So the other day I learned that Snapdeal is dying and has like 100 mil in bank. Do you think its because of tough competition from Amazon What about Flipkart Is Flipkart struggling too PS I use Amazon.. Morgan Stanley MF marks down Flipkarts valuation for fifth time. Ookla rates Airtel as Indias fastest network. Spooked by Donald Trump Indian pharma cos seeks government help to woo Capitol Hill. MasterCard eyes 1 million traders on its BharatQR platform: [deleted]. Bank Transaction Charges Confused over the new cash transaction charge Heres what you should know. MasterCard eyes 1 million traders on its BharatQR platform: [deleted]. Reliance Jio should make an even bigger bet like buying Paytm: [deleted]. The 40 billion question Much like the ecommerce market places and the cab aggregators Reliance Jios early success can be attributed to pricing or the lack of it since the company currently charges nothing. Morgan Stanley MF marks down Flipkarts valuation for fifth time: [deleted]. How Many Banks Have Reduced Home Loan Interest Rate After Demonetization. Reliance Jio Should Buy Paytm Gadfly: [deleted]. Ambanis Jio Should Make an Even Bigger Bet Buy Paytm: [deleted]. Live Sensex Climbs Tracking Record Rally In Global Equities Nifty Above 8980: [deleted]. Wake up HDFC Bank ICICI Bank Axis Bank your extortionary charges will only force customers to move out. Nifty50 Sensex scale 52week highs 5 factors driving this rally on DStreet. Morgan Stanley MF marks down Flipkarts valuation for fifth time: [deleted]. Free withdrawal days are over ICICI Axis HDFC Bank restore cash charges. Sensex Nifty hit fresh 52week high ICICI Bank Tata Motors top gainers. Effect of Change in Tax Reform on Indian Businesses TaxReturnWala. Music Broadcast Ltd IPO You Must Know. Keener on arms from China Bangladesh dithers on defence pact with India. HDFC ICICI Axis to charge you at least Rs 150 after four free transactions a month. Morgan Stanley Marks Down Flipkart for Fifth Consecutive Time. Sensex perks up real estate healthcare baking top sectoral gainers. Morgan Stanley MF marks down Flipkarts valuation for fifth time: [deleted]. San Francisco university lays off IT workers jobs head to India: [deleted]. Here are different ways to make money online.. Sensex perks up real estate healthcare baking top sectoral gainers: [deleted]. Sensex zooms 200 pts shares of ICICI Bank Idea DLF soar in volume. Air Costa suspends operations. Telecom companies should form separate entities to pool spectrum Sunil Bharti Mittal. Nokia will make its new Android smartphones in India to hit stores in June. A startup sale made this lowlevel employee into an Indian millionaire. Future Group will target personal care next Kishore Biyani. I am looking to buy a new laptop from amazon.com but sadly they do not ship to India. Is there anyway I can buy my laptop from US: [removed]. Sony may set up plant in North East to launch superpremium mobiles: [deleted]. 7 Lakh MadeInIndia Nissan And Datsun Cars Exported Till Date: [deleted]. Despite falling sales Honda buys 380 acres land in Gujarat for third plant: [deleted]. Paytm crosses 200 million users launches Paytm Mall app: [deleted]. Airtel Slashes 4G Data Rates By 80 Offers 14 GB For Rs 145 Airtel Match Every Jio Offer. Europe could present working opportunities amid proposed changes in US visa rules. Europe could present working opportunities amid proposed changes in US visa rules: [deleted]. Paytm wallet reaches 200 million users. Cricket Betting Tips Free Updates By Shaan. Morgan Stanley trims Flipkarts valuation again. Recommend sameday courier services in Mumbai: Hello everyone I recently have launched a homerun bakery and now am looking for reliable urgent delivery services. Found the Wefast company but didnt see a lot of reviews. Can somebody tell me about this company and is it worth tying up with . Indias SlowMotion Bank Crisis. Indian economic growth slows in December quarter of 2016 BBC News. Aluminum Ingots Manufacturer Gold Metal Extrusion. Sensex drops 70 points Nifty below 8900 ahead of GDP data logistics stocks rally. Gun Metal Ingot Supplier Gold Metal Extrusion. Sensex drops 70 points Nifty below 8900 ahead of GDP data logistics stocks rally: [deleted]. How much tax do you pay on your investments. Logistics stocks rally up to 7 as July 1 GST implementation looks likely. Reliance Jio Primes tariff are unsustainable Airtel chairman Sunil Mittal. Driving Schools Calgary Driving Lessons Calgary Driving School Calgary Ne. India said to plan selling 51 in Air India to strategic partner. Tata Sons DoCoMo settle legal dispute. India Said to Plan Selling 51 in Air India to Strategic Partner. Reliance Jio Infocomm Reliance Jio could end up losing half of its subscribers after April. Tata Housing sets sights on Rs 1520 lakh affordable homes again. Bank Strike Which banks are open today and what services are affected. Tata Housing sets sights on Rs 1520 lakh affordable homes again: [deleted]. Oyo Rooms in talks to raise funds from Softbank may enter unicorn club. Japan Middle East are new top overseas job destinations. Borrowers Beware Your Bank May Be Ripping You Off: [deleted]. Meru strikes while the iron is hot even as Uber and Ola are in limbo. Meru strikes while the iron is hot even as Uber and Ola are in limbo: [deleted]. Scrappage scheme in India can boost CV sales by 65 CRISIL Research. Big India ETFs Notch DoubleDigit YeartoDate Growth. India Seeks to Transfer 4.4 Billion HPCL Stake to ONGC ET Says. Telenor India Buy Wont Affect Airtels Financial Position SampP. Alibaba takes first step into Indias marketplace with launch of Paytm Mall. Paytm Launches Paytm Mall An ECommerce Marketplace For Business. Ola raises 350M in fresh funding at lower valuation of 3.5B. Capital Gain When and to what extent they are exempted from Tax. Paytm arm unveils online shopping portal Paytm Mall. Paytm Mall will allow customers to shop from 68 million products across categories such as fashion electronics and consumer durables from about 140000 sellers. What are the general populations attitudes to foreign businesses coming into India: As in starting a business. How do you appeal to the Indian people. Indias Pharma Barons Are Reporting Delays in Digitizing Labs. Indias wind power tariffs hit new low in push for renewables. Drive in India can generate more jobs than Make in India. WhatsApp may enter digital payments segment Cofounder Brian Acton. Sastasundar aims big. The Startup conundrum... Need help learning the registration process.: [deleted]. Were so fucked. Power Struggles Are Not Unique To India Inc. Says Harvards Tarun Khanna. No plans to launch appbased taxi service clarifies Reliance. India helps WhatsApp build a global product. Indias large pool of small and medium businesses offer WhatsApp a good testing ground to launch its ad revenuegenerating features. Indians largest group of foreign skilled workers in UK. WhatsApp for Business to debut in India this year. WhatsApp for Business will allow small businesses to download a different version of messaging app and engage with a large number of users. WhatsApp for Business to debut in India this year. WhatsApp for Business will allow small businesses to download a different version of messaging app and engage with a large number of users: [deleted]. WhatsApp for Business to debut in India this year: [deleted]. The silent crisis Why Indian IT engineers are staring at a future of no jobs. How Many Banks Have Reduced Home Loan Interest Rate After Demonetization. How Bajaj Electricals uses blockchain to pay suppliers. India Post Payments Bank. Reliance Jio Next mission to enter taxi space with own appbased service to take on Uber Ola. Paytm offers job to Snapdeal amp Stayzilla employees. Indias Economy Will Overtake The U.S. By 2050 Heres How Seeker Daily. Snapdeal Setbacks Are Pragmatic Response to a Bumpy Boom. Well Done Mukesh Ambani. Now Double It. Piramal Ties Up With Canadian Pension Fund To Invest In Real Estate. Creating a sense of collective responsibility among corporations is key Shashank Shah. Piramal Ties Up With Canadian Pension Fund To Invest In Real Estate: [deleted]. Creating a sense of collective responsibility among corporations is key Shashank Shah: [deleted]. Coming soon Reliance Jio Cabs to take on Ola and Uber. Flipkart in funding talks with Microsoft Tencent. Flipkart is looking to raise up to 1.5 billion at a valuation of 1012 billion. Microsofts Satya Nadella is mighty impressed with Indias fantastic entrepreneurs and startups. Must Know Difference b/w Real and Fake 10 Rs Coins . Must Know Difference b/w Real and Fake 10 Rs Coins . Must Know Difference b/w Real and Fake 10 Rs Coins. Indias smart city plans Chaos goes digital. Fake Rs 2000 Notes bearing Churan Lable and Children Bank of India dispensed by State Bank of India ATM Delhi.. Flipkart in funding talks with Microsoft Tencent. Flipkart is looking to raise up to 1.5 billion at a valuation of 1012 billion: [deleted]. Snapdeal Setbacks Are Pragmatic Response to a Bumpy Boom: [deleted]. Microsofts Satya Nadella is mighty impressed with Indias fantastic entrepreneurs and startups: [deleted]. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is mighty impressed with India and Bengalurus startup scene: [deleted]. Journalists are getting sacked across India but its still the only major market where print is growing. Indias biggest homestay startup Stayzilla shuts down. How to EVC everify your Income Tax Return using Aadhar. Narendra ModiIndra Nooyi meet wont be just about colas: [deleted]. Airtel shares soar 11 on Telenor India acquisition. Nifty CEOs salary 237 times the median pay at their companies. ArthVeda plans to raise 1 billion for affordable housing. Note ban impact on loan deposit growth significant Moodys: [deleted]. It gets worse Indias largest homestay startup Stayzilla shuts down. Tesla coming to India this summer Elon Musk confirms: [deleted]. Snapdeal plans layoffs amid bid to conserve cash: [deleted]. If you have to fight an elephant and you are the mouse in the room then you need to remember that you are agile and the elephant is not.. Startup Citrus Pays peon earned 50 lakh after acquisition. Indias big exit mess and what we can learn from it. For banks threat from Fintech startups is real: [deleted]. Firey phenomenon by startups: [removed]. Mahindra amp Mahindras SsangYong Motor denies plans for new Chinese plant. What JIO offers after 31 March amp all about first 100 Million users policy.. Different Types Of ITR TaxReturnWala. Mukesh Ambani has to double Jio numbers for RIL investors to get a decent harvest. BEL offers Offer for sale OFS You Must Know. UPI Transactions Surge But Only 15 Come From Merchants. TCS CEO Rajesh Gopinathan says company to accelerate growth and master digital technology. Telenor deal to help Airtel battle VodaIdea and Jio. Airtel to Buy Telenor India As Norwegian Telecom Operator Exits: [deleted]. Bharti Airtel to buy Telenor India. How Flipkart got back in the game. Airtel To Acquire Telenor India. Willing to accommodate more Indian IT professionals EU. Global Bitcoin Summit in India Will Explore Opportunities Help Fend Off Bad Rap. Flipkart in funding talks with Microsoft Tencent. Indias Snapdeal to cut 600 staff founders forego salary. How do you choose a payment gateway. Reliance Jio has a wide range of tariffs to choose from here are the best ones for you. Incumbent telecom operators cheer as Reliance Jio gets paid and announces tariffs. RIL shares surge to 8year high on plans for Jio. Rs 2000 notes from Children Bank of India Row over SBI ATM dispensing fake cash . JC Penney to reduce outsourcing to India. Early talks on merger of Paytm and Snapdeal with Alibaba and SoftBank as key players. How and when should you pay your Advance Tax. Indian IT companies ganged up to keep freshers pay low says Infosyss Mohandas Pai. [TECH]. Mcap of BSElisted cos soars to record high of Rs 117 lakh crore. Daiichi case Singapore SC bars Harish Salve to appear on behalf of Ranbaxy. What Is The Most Dominant Indian Fast Food Franchise: Hello /r/India I am an Arab who is looking towards implementing an Indian fast food franchise in Oman due to the large Indian demographics here. I was wondering what is the most dominant food chain in India to open in Oman. I would appreciate any tips and or ideas you guys can provide. Edit 1 Thanks to anyone who participated in this thread I am currently contacting the franchise you guys have suggested and Ill update you guys on the details. Edit 2 Thanks a lot for the feed back guys . JIO Prime offer unlimited data till 2018 Reliance JIO Prime Membership Offer in 99. Mahindra Group set to invest in agricultural sector. Here is everything you need to know about Jio Prime [Jio Prime FAQ]. ArthVeda plans to raise 1 billion for affordable housing: [deleted]. Mcap of BSElisted cos soars to record high of Rs 117 lakh crore: [deleted]. Vodafone moves court against Reliance Jios free voice calls offer Times of India. Closest 4G competitor Vs Jio 4G Network coverage across India. RELIANCE JIO 1 MONTH PLAN 303 RS WITH SAME ONGOING OFFER 99 Rs one month charges. Fabindia Pulls Khadi Products After Govt Body Threatens Lawsuit. Heres What You Should Know. Reliance Jio Will End Free Data Offer Come April. Reliance Jio prime membership for Rs 99 for 1 year from April 2017. Have You Submitted Your Income Tax Saving Proofs Till Now If Not Be Prepared For A Major TDS Deduction. New Tata Sons boss N Chandrasekaran takes over the reins at Bombay House. Indias economic freedom plunge. It will be India first in India America first in America Microsofts Satya Nadella: [deleted]. New Tata Sons boss N Chandrasekaran takes over the reins at Bombay House: [deleted]. FREE Daily SQL Challenge 14: [removed]. Tycoon Rajiv Bajaj Warns Against Made In India Becoming Mad In India. Debt pain of Indian Oil Bharat Petroleum eases as fuel reforms pay off. Implication of GST on Indian Business. Microsoft Flipkart announce strategic cloud partnership. West Bengal govts entry into wholesale liquor trade rattles distributors. Tax Saving Tip Save Taxes By Paying Rent To Your Parents An Awesome Idea.. Tanvi Foods India Ltd IPO You Must Know. 5 Ways to Cut down your Wedding Expenses You must know. Tata in early talks to join RComAircelMTS combine to take on Jio. There is a Way Out of the Poverty Trap and Its Called Inclusive Finance. Ramdevs Patanjali Will Not Pay Tax Now Tax Tribunal Exempts It Because Of Yoga Tag. Capgemini India chief executive feels that 65 of his employees are not trainable to the new technologies. A look into what can be done to bridge India Incs gender gap. How Infosys Vishal Sikka disrupted organisation by moving CEOs office from Bengaluru to Palo Alto. Maharashtra Onion farmers languish even as traders ride on arbitrage to double profits.. vote up iffree chats to choose suitable life partner at https//www.baabulmatrimony.com: [removed]. Record FDI Flows Into India Nicely Balance The Trade Deficit. 75 discount on all Uber rides this weekend in Chennai. BSNL launches new data addons to offer 15GB data for Rs 549 and 8GB data for Rs 290 Revises existing unlimited data addons. Vishal Sikka How Infosys Vishal Sikka disrupted organisation by moving CEOs office from Bengaluru to Palo Alto: [deleted]. 5 Best Money Tips by Warren Buffett that will make you rich You must know. Mukesh Ambani On Data Is The New Oil Nasscom. Exclusive Interview with RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Flipkart dethrones Amazon as market leader in ecommerce. Xiaomi promotes India head Manu Jain to Global Vice President. Mobile wallet cos dont have profitable models says Aditya Puri: [deleted]. Sebi likely to allow mutual funds to trade in commodities soon: [deleted]. Tata Motors Q3 profits down by 96. Mukesh Ambani says that Reliance Jio stands for affordability. Taking A Dig At Paytm HDFC Banks Aditya Puri Says No Money In Payments Business. Why One Must never Neglect Estate Planning. How to File Tax Returns when you have multiple Form 16 TaxReturnWala. Heres what makes Rajiv Bajaj MAD in India.. How To Get A Loan For A SecondHand Car . Apple to Start Assembling iPhone SE Handsets in India in the Coming Months: [deleted]. 5 Reasons Why Banks Reject Your Home Loan Application. Heres what makes Rajiv Bajaj MAD in India.: [deleted]. Urban Ladder raises Rs102 crore from existing investors. Apple to start India manufacturing in coming months with iPhone SE Report. Continental Warehousing Corporation Ltd CWC IPO You Must Know. Urban Ladder raises Rs102 crore from existing investors: [deleted]. Financial Word of the Day.. 3 Ways To Invest In Equity. Munger Critiques China India Tells Trump Haters Roll With It: [deleted]. SBI Has 202 Million Accounts Paytm Now Has 190 Million Vijay Shekhar Sharma: [deleted]. Reliance Jio second in user base has 23 per cent market share. Saab Adani Group in discussions for fighter jet manufacturing deal. Why The Kerala Government Should Steer Clear of Air Kerala. Coinbank Launches Bitcoin Fixed Deposits Claims To Offer Highest Interest. When Should You Sell A Mutual Fund. Cabinet approves merger of SBI 5 associate banks. CDSL Ltd IPO You Must Know. Taxman to clamp down on charitable trusts. One ISRO Vs Million Mediocre Startups. MSME Registration. Nasscom refrains from giving out an annual growth guidance range for IT industry. Flipkart tops sales in the ecommerce sector Books sales of Rs.2600cr against Amazons Rs.2300cr. Twitter set to Amplify India focus to tie up with Filmfare Jio. 25m to 400m SAIF Partners exits MakeMyTrip makes 16 times on its investment. Amazon to open foodonly outlets along with an online platform to sell locally produced items: [deleted]. Honda brio Price in india. Early withdrawal from NPS will be Tax Free. Most Indian Companies Do Not Value Diversity At BoardLevel Hirings Oxfam India. Yearend Special Majama cho Five Gujarati stocks that have risen up to 160 this year. Tata in turmoil the battle inside Indias biggest business. GVK wins bid to develop second Mumbai airport. GVK wins bid to develop second Mumbai airport: [deleted]. Freedom from H1B Can Indian IT firms do it. Income Tax Benefit Save a Huge Amount Of Tax by Taking a Home Loan. The future of Nestle in India. The Maggi ban jolted it out of its status quo and is now rebuilding its portfolio. Saab the Swedish manufacturer pitches to manufacture its most advanced tactical fighter jets the Gripen in India this is in direct race with Lockheeds pitch for the F16s. CDSL Ltd IPO You Must Know. Tata Motors net plunges 96. Tata Motors profits plummet 96 per cent after cash ban. Air India Government is willing to privatize national carrier. SpiceJets Q3 profit declines 24 to Rs181 crore. Happy Valentines Day Reliance Jio Says To Airtel Vodafone Idea. How Axiom Research Labs has emerged as Indias first private aerospace company. Amidst slugfest Reliance Jio sends love to Airtel Idea and Voda this Valentines day. [NP] Dear airtelindia VodafoneIN ideacellular Happy Valentines Day. WithLoveFromJio: [deleted]. Markets faith in Narendra Modi is unshaken. 5 most common mistakes that firsttime MF investors make. These Indian Startups are Making Disruptive Tech. These Indian Startups are Making Disruptive Tech: [deleted]. Government seeks explanation from 536 companies for CSR noncompliance. Flipkart Executives Are Overpaid Underperforming Crybabies Mahesh Murthy. Reliance Defence signs warship repair pact with US Navy to maintain Seventh Fleet. Infosys row Did acquisition of Israeli software co Panaya trigger the rift. Infosys row Did acquisition of Israeli software co Panaya trigger the rift. What is ELSS Equity Linked Saving Scheme Is it a good option to save tax. This event was possible through the initiative of two renowned organizations in the financial sector.. How much does ISO 9001 Certification Cost. Features and Benefits of RBL Credit Card you must know. Infosys Crisis In 10 Points Top Managements Crucial Address Today NDTV. Apple sows seeds for India iPhone awakening: [deleted]. Any active intraday traders here: I was wondering if there are any active intraday traders in this sub who are interested to connect with each other share research ideas etc and help each other make money. P. S Typically looking for amateur to intermediate level traders who are in the process of evolving and refining their trading system.. Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka to address investors on Monday. Peugeot buys Ambassador car brand for 12 million. In 2016 TCS H1b applications dropped by 70 YoY. In Trumps administration will it drop further this year: Between 2015 to 2016 H1b applications from TCS dropped from 14000 to 4000 visas. With all the noise H1b restrictions this year will they drop this year further https//qz.com/901292/indianitfirmslikewiprotcsandinfosyshavebeenpreparingforchangesinh1bvisalawsanddonaldtrumpsamericaforseveralyears/ And how will it affect Indian IT business model . Jio effect Idea posts net loss at Rs 383 cr RCom Rs 531 cr. Nashik Onion Export. Raees and the tale of Gujarats Rs 25000 cr illegal liquor business. Indias iconic Ambassador car brand is sold to Peugeot BBC News. First house on 20year loan to cost Rs 2.4 lakh less. LIC buys additional 2 stake in Infosys LIC acquires about 4.63 crore shares taking its total shareholding in Infosys to 7.02. PropTiger sacks 200 to integrate operations after Housing.com merger. Reliance Communications posts a net loss of Rs 531 crore in Q3. Idea Cellular Reports FirstEver Loss As Telco Price War Rages. Snapdeal to layoff 30 of its staff in 2 months What made Snapdeal face such an worst situation Analysis. Saab keen to set up modern facility in India. Snapdeal plans to fire 30 staff in 2 months. Hindustan Motors sells Ambassador car brand to Peugeot. H1B visas do mainly go to Indian outsourcing firms: [deleted]. BSEs emails are sent in plain text even in 2017. Infosys row seen as a Narayana Murthy vs Vishal Sikka personality clash. Bharat Bill Payments System Introduced in HDFC and Kotak Mahindra Bank. Bharti Airtel hits back at Reliance Jio for causing huge loss to company. CEO Vishal Sikka Infosys third largest institutional investor OppenheimerFunds backs Vishal Sikka. Paarth Infrabuild Introduces the First of Its Kind Residential Apartments to Lucknow. Flipkarts Sachin Bansal Seeks LevelPlaying Field for Local Firms. Income Tax cut by 5 for individuals How will the new income tax slab be look like. Madhya Pradesh solar bids hovering at Rs3 per unit in reverse auction. Whats going on at Infosys. Buy salwar suit online for Indian Women from ShoppyZip. Hitachi Admits System Breach Led To Possibly 3.2 Million Debit Cards Compromised in 2016 In India No Clue On Data Lost. Valentines Day Deals on TopCashback.in Highest Cashback. Best Study Abroad Consultant in Delhi. Benami Property amp how it is related to terms Benamdar and Beneficiary. Efforts underway to ensure that trouble brewing at Infosys does not flare out of control. Inside story of the tensions between Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka founders. 10 Points about Krishana Phoschem LtdKPL IPO. United Breweries asks Vijay Mallya to step down as nonexecutive chairman. Kumar Mangalam Birla may head Vodafone and Idea combine. Pepperfry Customer Care Number and Company Details Info. Whats ailing Flipkart and Snapdeal the flagbearers of ecommerce in India. Tesla coming to India this summer: [deleted]. So you dont have to worry about the cost of the website. We are sure to offer you cost effective website design services. Our function website design will be worth every single penny.. Infosys founders raise governance concerns with board Sources. Reserve Bank of India issues warning on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. KIA Motors may set up first factory in Andhra Pradesh. Kia close to finalising Andhra Pradesh for first India car plant source. Holding black money have unaccounted cash Modi gives you one last chance to deposit money by March 31 under amnesty scheme PMGKY: [deleted]. ITC said to sell Rs6700 crore stake to LIC. Rio Tinto to hand over diamond mine to central Indian state. Online Shopping. As per IMF International Monetary Fund India will be a superpower by 2017. Apple Said to Revive Efforts to Sell Used iPhones in India. Rupee to weaken to record low over the coming year Reuters poll. YES Banks internet banking services to be unavailable for 4 days. SAAB offers next generation defence capabilities to India. VodafoneIdea merger VodafoneIdea India merger seen handing rivals cheap spectrum. PNB to help India Post Payments Bank set up pilot branches. India Post Payments Bank will offer an interest rate of 4.5 on deposits up to Rs25000 5 on deposits of Rs2500050000 and 5.5 on Rs50000100000. H1B visas LampT Tech fears 2.5 hit on margins if minimum salary hiked. Report Apple still wants to sell used iPhones in India despite earlier resistance from government promises quality standards. BSNL launches Experience LL 49 pack to offer unlimited calling to any network for its landline customers at Rs 49. Amid uncertainty in US Indian startup founders are moving to Canada. Tata Sons shareholders vote to remove Mistry as director. Top Pig Iron Manufacturer amp Supplier in India Sesa Goa Iron Ore. BlackBerry smartphone to be made in India. Whats in Budget for MSMEs. Tax relief and other benefits TaxReturnWala. Should you wait for Budget to save for your long term goals. BSNL announces 1 GB Internet for 36 Rupees as a move to counter Jio. Now Bharti Airtel takes Reliance Jio to CCI over predatory pricing The Indian Express: [deleted]. Have you read the Fine Print of your Company Policy. free game satta matka satta matka fast result all bazar. Reserve Bank of India Issues Warning on Bitcoin Amid Growing Popularity of Digital Currencies in India. Micromax Sets Up 75Million Fund To Invest In Consumer Internet Companies. Karnataka Inspectors Posed As Passengers To Catch Ola And Uber RideShare Cabs Now 15 Days Extension Granted For Compliance. Need a detailed analysis of the new Budget: I would like to understand the economical workings of our country and the impact the new budget will provide. I tried to do it myself but i do not have any financial experience.. Escorts In Delhi Call Girls 09999724216 HiProfile Girls In Hotels. Union Budget 201718 Key Highlights 201718 Arun Jaitley. How to ensure your Gifts are exempted from Gift Tax in India. Union Budget 201718 Key Highlights Finance Minister Mr. Arun Jaitley. Its official Apple will make iPhones in India at Bengaluru facility: [deleted]. A comparative Analysis Why 2016 Was Not As Good A year For Bollywood As 2015. Karnataka Government completely bans OlaShare and UberPool service. Karnataka Government welcomes Apple to commence manufacturing operations. Buy Gold Plated Stone Pendant With Chainonline Kollam supreme. Like scam Noida man dupes 6 lakh people of Rs 3700 crore. The trajectory of Indias fiscal deficit. Amazon Vs Flipkart And Uber Vs Ola. Its Not About Capital Dumping Its About Good And Bad Investments.. Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India. Amazon Vs Flipkart And Uber Vs Ola. Its Not About Capital Dumping Its About Good And Bad Investments.: [deleted]. Nilekani Historically a financial institution made money from transaction fees but in the new world of digital the financial institution makes money from data.. Islamic Development Bank to open first Indian branch in Gujarat. Alibaba plans formal entry into Indian marketplace with fresh funding of Rs 1700 crore in Paytm. Apple Supplier Wistron to Manufacture iPhones in India: [deleted]. Apples Manufacturing Plant In India Is A Go. ICICI Bank removes block on UPI transactions from PhonePe. Indian startups need their Krishna to win the newage Mahabharata. Budget 2017 What It Means For Startups What entrepreneurs Have To Say. Global PE firms invested record 6.6 billion in realty sector last year: [deleted]. Social Trade Fraud 3 Arrested for Scam Of 3700 Crore . Investors only care about their money and not about growing the ecosystem. [Finance amp Business] Why do so few Indians pay income tax. Union Budget 20172018 Announced Highlights EveryOne Need to Know. Union Budget 201718 How to enrol SWAYAM. Claiming HRA deduction of more than Rs 50000/month Know the new tax rules: [deleted]. Indias New Budget Aims to Spur Economy Hit Hard by Cash Shortage. Budget 2017 didnt promote much of tourism in India. Heres why. Arun Jaitley Hikes Indias Defence Budget To Rs 2 74000 Crore. NRIs to pay taxes on worldwide income.. is this really true Any confirmations: [deleted]. Someone fucked up. China to import beef from India. Highlights of the General Budget 201718 Aadhaar Pay Post Offices for Passport Services Low Tariff Optical Fiber Connectivity. Sensex plunges 194 points Nifty50 slips below 8600 ahead of Budget. H1B visa issue Is Indian IT services industry heading for a crash. Flipkart Tech Deals. Indians Are Freaking Out Over Plans To Change The US Visa System. Profiles of small town entrepreneurs succeeding in Manipur: Manipurtimes.com has an interesting section on Entrepreneurship with [several profiles of local entrepreneurs]http//manipurtimes.com/category/entrepreneurship/. These are all humble businesses but its nice to see them succeeding. Each story is inspiring in its own way. A few examples [Packaged drinking water business]http//manipurtimes.com/packageddrinkingwaterbranderaadreamcomestrueforfourlikemindedbrothers/ These brothers set up a water packaging business after securing a Rs 4.8 crore loan from Punjab and Sindh bank. Roshnikumar Yambem started his own web design company [Globniz]http//manipurtimes.com/roshnikumaryambemthearchitectbehindglobizs/ with Rs 600 in his pocket. Mrs N Memi Devi started a [pickle business]http//manipurtimes.com/mangalpicklesasuccessventureofawomanentrepreneur/ earning 10 to 15k per month. She sells to local schools canteens and retail outlets. Faced with poverty Kennedy used his entreprenuerial drive to start [Kenbag Industry]http//manipurtimes.com/kennedyskenbagindustryadreamcomestrueafterprolongedhardships/. He started his journey after buying a second hand bag making machine for Rs 3500. Today he provides jobs to 25 people with a salary range from Rs. 20007000. . As Trump locks down the US market Indian IT industry starts tapping neighbourhood countries for business. In H1B Visa Impact Top 5 Indian IT Firms Lose 50000 Crores In Market Value. Banking transaction tax is confirmed now says a whatsapp forward.: NSDL website has a provision now. Challan no ITNS 283. Can anyone confirm this. Factor Daily Just in amazonIN has announced the launch of its Fresh Flower Store across Five Cities.. Explained in 8 points How US Visa reforms will hit Indian IT. India IT stocks slip amid worries about stricter H1B visas. Ola Uber to stop rideshare in Bengaluru from Friday. H1B visa issue TCS Infosys stare at 2.7bn cost increase. Amazon Online Shopping Highest Discount Coupons and Cashback on TopCashback India. Infosys TCS shares plunge on Trumps proposed H1B visa rules market cap erodes by Rs 44000 cr: [deleted]. Amazon Online Shopping Highest Discount Coupons and Cashback on TopCashback India: [deleted]. Uber Ola Must Stop CarPooling Services In Karnataka Starting Friday. India is one of the fastest growing advertising markets globally Report: [deleted]. Air India shortlists McKinsey Bain and Co EY to chart business strategy. Learn 8 Ultimate Success Mantra from the Worlds richest role Models. India is planning to give free WiFi to more than 1000 villages: [deleted]. Reboot Indian outsourcing specialists must reboot their strategies. IT firms need an upgrade in the face of technological and political shifts. Wow. its happening 10s of Billion at risk and 10000s of Jobs at risk. Donald Trump administration drafts executive order on H1B visas. Budget 2017 New Budget must address Indias reputation problem. Rupee surges to 2week high of 67.95 on weaker dollar. Why are PC parts so freaking expensive in India Holy shit.: Was just looking around some 6700 rigs on /r/buildapc started looking for specific parts in the Indian markets and bam The entire cost gets fucking 2x the actual price what the actual fuck... Is this gonna be fixed or something DIGITAL INDIA KAISE BANAOGE BC FUUUUUUUUUUUU. Snapdeal investor Vani Kola joins Flipkart Ola in capital dumping debate. Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry. Salwar Suits for Women. Vodafone in talks with Idea for merger. Indias microfinance industry showing signs of overheating again. Paytms story now a case study at Harvard. Big threat looms on Airtel amp Jio as Vodafone confirms talks on merger with Idea. Vodafone confirms merger talks with Idea Cellular. What Superman and Shaktimaan can teach you about money. Budget 2017 These 10 Tax changes could be announced in Budget 2017. 10 Points about SREI Equipment Finance Ltd NCD. IDG Ventures India closes Rs 1360cr fund The Economic Times. Revival In Foreign Investor Interest In Indian Equities. Vimal Shah The Billion Dollar Man. [Old] Georgeamp Thomas Kurian identical twins identical supersuccess Times of India. 14 Year Indian Boy Bags Rs. 5Crore Deal With Government. Whats so special about Apple Other handset makers ask government. Airtel may lose market leaders position amid VodafoneIdea merger Jio entry. A quiet coup in the works as Airtel Jio fight it out. How Ideafone Idea Cellular Vodafone will drastically affect Bharti Airtel Analysis. Begged for help not loans says Vijay Mallya. IITs fourth largest producer of unicorn startups in the world. This is how HDFC Banks Humanoid Looks and Offers Services to the Customers. Dilip Shanghvi From son of a pharmaceutical trader to Indias second richest man. Reliance Jio wants Airtel to be fined for misleading ad. IndiaPost becomes 3rd entity to receive licence to start payment bank operations. What are my tax saving options India: Im in the 510 lac bracket. Not that Im earning fuck loads of money I pay Education Loan and save some tax from the interest I pay on it. Even after exhausting the 1.5 lac investment under 80C I still have to pay around 20k tax. I dont want to lock my money in NPS. What are some other options Noob here. This is the first time Im thinking about saving some tax. Help a fellow Randian. Chinese investors wary of hypedup Indian startups look for hidden gems. Maruti hikes prices by up to Rs 8014 with immediate effect: [deleted]. Chinese investors wary of hypedup Indian startups look for hidden gems. Meet This School boy of 16 who rejected 42 Crore offer for a website. FY 201617 is about to end. What needs to be done if you havent planned your tax savings yet. Aditya Birla Group to invest Rs 7000 crore in Andhra Pradesh. Lessons for Indian startups from CB Insights listing of 186 unicorns Here are four key things that Indian startups can learn from their global peers. HDFC Bank cuts 4581 jobs in third quarter because of improved efficiency. Best peer to peer lending platforms in India. Property sales may drop 30 in 2017 realty related stocks up for more pain. 10 Financial rights you must know how much agents earn from the financial products sold to you. Dear FM Here Is The Budget Wish List From Startups Please Leave Us Alone. An Enclave of Indias Capital City Popular With Business Tycoons and Politicians. Pepsi to reduce sugar content focus on making nutrition products in India. How Should Advertisers Respond to Consumer Demand for Whiter Skin. 70000 tax officials warn of noncooperation movement against GST body decisions. Reliance Jio primary data connection on mobiles in India Report. Indian techie sells company for 3.7bn to Cisco. This businessman gifted 90 houses to the homeless on his daughters wedding. The painful evolution of Indias telecom industry. Govt approves listing of stateowned general insurance companies. HDFC Bank lets go of 4500 employees in Q3 may go slow on hiring. China Phonemakers Are Taking Over Worlds FastestGrowing Market. iPhone manufacturing in India almost a done deal says official after meeting with Apple. Everything thats wrong with startup journalism for journos: 1 Knacky sole editors who wear a know all attitude. Mostly happens with startup journalism companies with foundercofounder scenario. Limits flow of information into the editorial team team depends on single voice for advise and overtime editors become overloaded and loose interest IMO. 2 Cherry picking and harassing is common. If the chiefsoleeditor wants and employee to be gone either due to nonperformance/grudges they cherrypick and make life hell for the junior writer. Mostly this happens since they need time find a replacement for the soontobefired reporter and cherry picking and harassing the reporter all the way could finally force the reporter to leave the company. 3 Editorial innovations comes to a standstill. Most startup journalism newsrooms are virtual or very tiny. Even if there is a newsroom flow of ideas information is blocked because the team works on slack/emails etc. with no personal or emotional involvement in reportage. This makes idea creations style of reportage and news invention static. Editorial becomes weak and uncertain because the same style of reportage/or/and same kind of stories are churned out. Readers get bored and ditch. 4 Monetization. Since I have only worked on the newsroom side im not really sure the difficulties faced by founder journos. With adblocking on the rise very little room for google ads and banner to fetch any return on investment. Native advertising is difficult and requires an independent sales/marketing team and at time founders themselves indulge in ad dept. This again comes as a disadvantage to the editorial team. 5 Every other story is calling out journalism. Most viewed stories or the once that go viral are those that call out companies products rivals other startups services etc. for being shitty or violating rules/regulations/laws. This isnt journalism. Anyone can callout shit out and earn fame. Stuff happens when one digs even deeper and explain why and talk to others or people that you are calling out. Cant just callout and run. Becomes very political. P.s Pls keep adding in comments. Pls dont name any media houses or founders journos. Unless you are making a point. The list is here because its here and are real problems faced by founder journalists. I have worked with multiple startup reporting portals in India and that is how I know all the above. more https//theawl.com/techcrunchjournalistsorstartupshillsyoudecide8c28708030ca.igc72zy8l . Reliance Jio becomes the primary data connection on mobiles in India Report. With 83 Million Smartphones Made In India in 2016 Make In India Makes Headway. PreBudget Rally Help Nifty Sensex Wipe Out Demonetisation Losses. Hotstar top video streaming app in India. FALLING EARNINGS RISING WORK HOURS Drop in Incentives at App Cos Drives Cabbies Up the Wall. Without settop boxes no access to cable TV in phaseIII areas after 31 Jan Govt. Flipkart Flipkart valuation slashed to 5.56 bn by investor Fidelity. Aadhar Number is Mandatory for Filing Income Tax Returns ITR. Explosive Affidavit Reveals Gross Irregularities at AirAsia India Cyrus Mistry vs Tata continues. How IDEA Management Platform Improvise Innovation Process. Live Nifty Hits 8550 After European Shares Join Global Equities Rally: [deleted]. Buy Sarees Online. Taxation of Gold and Gold Products. Live Nifty Scales 8500 Bharti Airtel Drops Most Since November: [deleted]. Budget 2017 10 key Expectations of Common Man from Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Videocon launches solarpowered ACs plans to capture 13 market share. Chinese smartphones rout Indian brands on their own turf. At Indian Overseas Bank More Than A Fifth Of The Loan Book Has Gone Bad. How to Obtain Your Free Credit Information Report CIR Score From CIBIL Equifax Experian and CRIF High Mark. Charge sheet filed in IDBI loan case involving Mallya. Note ban hits consumer goods firms hard in Q3 HUL sales volume dip 4. Bharti Airtels profits fall 55 in price war against Reliance Jio. Banking to Help AlibabaBacked Paytm Lure 500 Million Users. BSNL launches prepaid plans for Rs 149 free local and STD calls for 30 minute everyday. Singapore most favoured destination to invest for Indian companies. BSE Ltd IPO Got fully Subscribed on Second Day You must know. 10 Transactions will be Reported to Income Tax Department. 400 Billion Fund Manager Is Bullish on TrumpProof India: [deleted]. Outlook website goes behind a paywall experiments with micropayments. Outlook website goes behind a paywall experiments with micropayments. Document Shredding at Night Raises FDA Eyebrows During India Visit. Satta Number: [removed]. Flipkart Aftermath How ECommerce Sites Are Bleeding. Are you aware of Fat Tax in India. Apple Selects Wistron as First IndiaBased Supplier of the 2017 iPhone. BSEs Maiden Offer Heres What You Need To Know. Bombay Stock Exchange the oldest in Asia will be Indias first such bourse to hit the primary market in 2017.. Once an intern at Citibank Yes Banks Rana Kapoor is now Indias newest banking billionaire. Snapdeal The once and future challenger. BSEs Maiden Offer Heres What You Need To Know. Bombay Stock Exchange the oldest in Asia will be Indias first such bourse to hit the primary market in 2017.: [deleted]. HDFC Bank checks for creditworthiness by reading user emails. Do you know your financial rights. Unofficial Jio Free 4G Services Extended till June 2017. Budget Expectation 2017 What do consumers expect from Budget 2017 Find out. Top 50 Startups to watch out for in 2017. Connecting Indias states with good logistics. India IT firms brace against antioutsourcing sentiment after Trumps inaugural speech. Now you can invest in Gold with just Rs. 300 New SIP Scheme of Bullion India. Paytm CEOs Vijay Shekhar Sharmas abusive outburst reflects poorly on him and his company. Whose refunds is it anyway A look at UPIs underprepared redressal mechansim. The US says Oracle is encouraging Indians to hire others Indians and its killing diversity. 20 years of dematA move that transformed share trading in India. How dreams of logistics startups turned to dust. https//www.moneydial.com/blogs/budget2017listofthingsgoingtohappenfirsttimeinbudget/. Looking for technical a cofounder for an idea revolving around mental health: Hello r/india With the ever growing economy of our nation and more and more people putting hours at their workplace there is an ever increasing number of mental health issues we are going through leading to depression loneliness and suicidal tendencies. I have an idea on which I want to work and hence looking for a technical cofounder. For more info about me please send me a PM and we will take it up from there. If you are interested and want to have a conversation over the ide please comment or PM. Ill be happy to discuss it with you. P.S Yes this is a throwaway account for obvious reasons. Edit I am already in discussion with a famous psychologist/therapist who used to run a helpline 1012 years back for his inputs. He thinks the idea is promising. . MumbaiAhmedabad bullet train loan State not keen to be guarantor. Filing ITR2 in India Individual. [NP] You can get one detailed credit report for free every year. Reboot Indian outsourcing specialists must reboot their strategies. IT firms need an upgrade in the face of technological and political shifts: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Expect tax leverages for cashless payment says Zebpay. Ola Prime Play Is Here An Extension To Ola Play For Prime Users. A simple guide on using UPI and 99. CCI fines cement companies Rs 205 crore for cartelisation in Haryana. Government is considering Apples Demands Apple May Manufacture iphone with 15 years Tax relaxation. Offer to Buy by Generic Engineering Construction and Projects Limited. Teach me the trade and I will work for you free.: Hello Entrepreneurs Im an experienced Linux/Storage/VMware/UNIX Sysadmin working out of India. I am looking to move my career into affiliate marketing/online marketing. If you run a small/large business in this area and if youd be kind enough to let me learn the trade I will commit 10 hours / week of my service to your business free of charge. You can even interview me before you get me onboard. Looking forward to a mutually beneficial system of work. PM me [EDIT] Corrected typo. NPCI asks ICICI Bank to stop blocking PhonePe transactions. One year after Narendra Modi launches Start up India no start up able to tap funds of funds govt mulls booster shot: [deleted]. Losses of Flipkart Amazon ampamp Snapdeal would have allowed ISRO to go to Mars 24 times. New legislation to tighten H1B visa rule for foreign techies will hurt Indian IT companies. Chinese giants set sights on Bengal business pie. ICICI Bank asked to open up to PhonePe by NPCI. A trade deal with India isnt as easy as Boris Johnson and Theresa May think. Getting This Right Apple Should Get No Special Deal For Make In India. In Conversation With Uday Kotak At Davos 2017: [deleted]. India The Hub Of StartUps Sandeep Naik Davos2017: [deleted]. Has Amazon overestimated the size of Indias ecommerce market. Why India is the perfect testing ground for selfdriving cars. Mid size business owners/founders who decide against having an HR How do you manage hiring after a headcount of 30: Some business owners I talked to said they are against having an HR as they would rather focus on the entire process from screening to hiring themselves and have the mindset along If you are putting something as crucial as hiring into someone elses hands you arent serious about your company How many of you agree with this And how has your hiring process been after you cross the 30 employee headcount. Patanjali Ramdev faces a test in economics Patanjali nears inflection point. How to invest in Reliance Money Manager FundGrowth plan via Freecharge. [Help] How much equity can an Independent Director have in a company/startup: I am a cofounder in a startup and due to various reasons I have not been given an equity yet. The others want be to become an Independent Director first before giving me any equity. I am wondering if thats legit I was under the impression that IDs cannot have any significant financial transactions with the company.. 10 Points about Madhav Copper Ltd MCL IPO. 1 out of 5 global top executives scared of investing in India due to fraud risks. BHIM may expose you to data theft. Dubais 5 import duty on gold may hit Indian exports. Despite recovery Indias export gains fall far behind that of the competition. Automobile exports from India decline by 5 in 2016. India considers giving Apple a big tax break to make iPhones there. Over 80 Indian youngsters use smartphone for shopping Study: [deleted]. Paytm CEO is fun: [deleted]. WEF 2017 Paytms Vijay Shekhar Sharma On His Payments Bank Model: [deleted]. India Is Considering Giving Apple A 15Year Exemption On Customs Duty With An Open Mind. MobiKwiks Mitron offer. BSNL Launching Rs. 498 Unlimited 3G Internet Plan. We are worried about a slowdown in IT Naukri CEO Hitesh Oberoi. 7 High Expectations of Real Estate Sector from Budget 2017. Not Willing To Fight The Payments Bank Interest Rate War Says Paytms Vijay Shekhar Sharma: [deleted]. Indias Practo raises 55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets. 10 Things for Middle Class you could see in the upcoming Budget 2017. SBI Mutual Fund has launched the Instant Redemption Facility. Mukesh Ambani plows 4.4 billion more in 4G unit to bolster Jios war chest. Trumped IT firms to start hiring more freshers in US. Indian IT sector needs new skill sets CP Gurnani. Live Nifty Reclaims 8450 Led By Cement Makers Banks. Snapdeals FY16 losses double to Rs 2960 crore. Air India introduces femaleonly rows to tackle harassment. Premji buys 25m stake in readytocook food company. Andhra CM Naidu to lead delegation for World Economic Forum in Davos. Indias Practo raises 55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets: [deleted]. Indias Practo raises 55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets: [deleted]. Very soon your 12 Digit Aadhar Number will integrate with BHIM app. Practo raises 55M. Reliance Jio Subscribers At 72.4 Million By December End Congestion Issues Continue. How to setup a company in Dubai Freezone. FampO trends 20 stocks that should be on your buy or sell list today. Idea New Offer Giving Extra 3G/4G Data and Free Voice calls and SMS. WEF Report Employers in India likely to trim head count on automation. FMCG sectors highest paid CEO is a 94yearold school dropout. https//www.moneydial.com/blogs/nowyouhavetopayrs20formorethan3atmwithdrawals/. Future retail sales up 20 after note ban Biyani. See Sensex at 32k by December bet on NBFCs Rajen Shah. Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment. Tatas Marathon Man Begins Long Road to Restore Group Image: [deleted]. The Payments App Benefiting From Modis Cash Crackdown: [deleted]. ATM Withdrawal Limit Raised by RBI from Rs 4500 to Rs 10000. Mukesh Ambani ploughs 4.4 billion more into Reliance Jio. BSNL to relaunch truly unlimited 3G STV 498 on Republic Day along with other new unlimited packs. Nexus Innoven Pour In 5 Mn In Real Estate Startup ZoloStays. Mukesh Ambani ploughs 4.4 billion more into Reliance Jio: [deleted]. BigBasket Grofers explore merger. BSE introduced eIPO Facility for CPSE ETFs FFO subscription and Investment. See Sensex at 32k by December bet on NBFCs Rajen Shah: [deleted]. Online grocery delivery players BigBasket Grofers explore merger. 4G Handset Users to Zoom by 90 and Data Penetration to Jump by 44 by 2019 CLSA Report. This Video Shows the True Development of India. The combined market valuation of seven of the top10 most valued Indian companies surged by Rs 37833.55 crore last week with HDFC Bank emerging the biggest gainer.. Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2017 Two youths sign Rs 19 crore MoU. Tata Names CEO of Asias Biggest Software Exporter as Chairman. Should I submit PAN number of owner or Nestaway while claiming HRA tax exemption. What Indian buy from International Shopping Websites. Indias 150 billion outsourcing industry stares at an uncertain future. Do companies in India pay capital gain taxes if they make a profit selling office space: As in every material on the matter always refers to an individual not specifying what happens when a company makes a profit selling commercial space.. ICICI blocks PhonePe transactions in sign of banks moving to protect payments turf. Amazon apologises for offending Indian sentiments in a letter to EAM Sushma Swaraj. Icici blocking upi txns from other apps like phone pe: [removed]. Letter by Tata Sons new chairman N Chandrasekaran to employees. Chart reading Nifty50 looks poised to consolidate watch IT infra metal stocks. Five reasons why Ratan Tata picked N Chandrasekaran for the top job. What Indian buy from International Shopping Websites: [deleted]. Flipkart and Snapdeal arent enough. Indian shoppers are spending millions on Chinese and American websites. Flipkart Tiger Globals unlikely burden. Government impinging on RBI autonomy Unions. SpiceJet in deal to buy 205 Boeing planes: [deleted]. How to Replace Your Existing PAN Card with Tamperproof PAN Card. After IT industry tough H1B visa rules likely to kill the Great American Dream for nonIT workers too. COMMENT How VCs are killing Indias startup dreams by ousting founders. At 50p a kg farmers in Jharkhand prefer dumping tomatoes to selling. Airtel launches Indias first payments bank with 250000 banking points to invest Rs 30 billion in creating ecosystem of 5 million merchants. Chandrasekaran First Person With No Tata Family Link To Lead 103Billion Group. Reliance Jio offer unfair competition Sunil Bharti Mittal. Rahul Yadav thinks its the end of the road for Housing.com after it merges with PropTiger. Natarajan Chandrasekaran appointed as new Tata Sons chairman. What is Budget How it is made Basic details about Budget. Safe choice Chandrasekaran will be tested as Tata Sons chairman. Infosys Beats Estimate In December Quarter Names Ravikumar As New Deputy COO. Chandrasekaran First Person With No Tata Family Link To Lead 103Billion Group: [deleted]. Updated List of 100 Angel Investors in India. Please spend 2 minutes helping us make it easier to know the smarthome market in India. Thank you SO MUCH for helping.. Chandrasekaran First Person With No Tata Family Link To Lead 103Billion Group: [deleted]. Airtel Payments Bank. Credit growth plunges in key infra sectors RBI data. Bank credit to the infrastructure sector which had been steadily sliding over the first eight months of the current financial year has recorded its sharpest contraction of 6.7 per cent in November.. Five reasons why Ratan Tata picked N Chandrasekaran for the top job. BloombergQuint Watch N Chandrasekaran said to be next Tata Sons Chairman returns to TCS HQ receives applause from staff.. Watch N Chandrasekaran said to be next Tata Sons Chairman returns to TCS HQ receives standing ovation from staff: [deleted]. TCS Chief Chandrasekaran Likely To Be New Tata Sons Chairman. N Chandrasekaran 53 has been TCS chief executive Indias biggest outsourcer since 2009.. EXCLUSIVE Natarajan Chandrasekaran to be named Tata Sons chairman shortly he is currenty TCS CEO: [deleted]. Live updates N Chandrasekaran to be named as new Tata Sons chairman. Tremendous growth Heres why PayTM is valued at 5 billion. [TIL] Cost of Owning a entry level car in India. Is it really necessary: CARUsed/New Purchase Options Entry Range 3.5L For Loan of 300000 assuming 50k downpayment EMI of Rs.7645 over a period of 4 years 10.25 with processing fee of 2 Total Loan Amtinc. Interest 372953 50000 downpayment Registration Transfer Commission for used car else Registration fee for new car Taxes 12000 one time used or 60000 for New ones Insurance for 4 years 48000 at around 4 of car price Maintenance 4 years assuming no major repairs plus tires extra 10k/yr 40000 Fuel Charges at 3000kms per year 12kmpl avg. Rs.70 mean price over 4 years per litre may increase17500 /yr Micellaneous Charges Parking Toll for Trips etc 15000 for 4 years. TOTAL COST USED CAR 4 years 607953 Assuming no major repairs Fuel price remains the same 12665.68 per month for a calculation for 4 years TOTAL COST NEW CAR 4 years 655953 Assuming no major repairs Fuel price remains the same. 13665.68 per month for a calculation for 4 years The takeaway here is that for an average middle class family even if we were use Uber Ola plus trainfare still wed be saving much more without taking environmental effects into consideration . GM India 201516 losses are FOUR times its net worth. PropTiger Housing.com to merge in allstock deal worth 7075 million takes the valuation of the new entity to close to 270285 million. First student startup fund has Rs 200 crore. Supreme Court rejects Subrata Roys plea seeking extension of time to pay Rs 600 crore to SEBI. Offer to Buy by M3 Global Finance Ltd. Indian pharma stocks fall on Donald Trumps targeted attack. Donald Trump nominee for Attorney General promises curbs on H1B visas. Former Housing.com CEO Jason Kothari joins Snapdeal. Vishal Sikka To counter IT slowdown software for masses is Vishal Sikkas remedy for Infosys. Next disruptive move by Reliance Jio A VoLTE feature phone below Rs 1500. Banking reforms PM Modi shouldnt repeat the mistakes Manmohan made under UPA. Would a kind Indian soul please let me know if this is how numbers are written in India: Hi. First of all Im sorry if this post sounds terribly ignorant but I am looking at financial statements of an Indian company and although most numbers are plain and simple to read there are some figures with a strange kind of punctuation Ive never seen before. For instance were all used to writing one thousand as 1000 or one million as 1000000. However Ive come across figures such as 142119442 and Im having a hard time figuring out what they mean. I came here because maybe just maybe this is how Indian certified accountants write large numbers down... Slim chance I know. Anyway any help will be appreciated.. NonIndian here I was really interested in the powerful Indian mafias that were so iconic in 1980s Mumbai that I wrote about the entire history of its most infamous and feared syndicate Dawood Ibrahims DCompany.: [deleted]. India On A Jobless Growth Path. Despite sound and fury Sensex is lower now than where it was more than two years ago The Sensex ended Fridays session at 26759.23 points on 1 September 2014 it was at 26867.55. Bharti Airtel to Launch Airtel Payments Bank on January 12 7.25 Rate of Interest and 1000 minutes Airtel Talktime. Even Trump Building is not immune to Indias real estate woes. Why Invest In Indian Markets Sinkhole When You Can Double Your Money. Why Tiger Global is tightening noose on its Indian investments. PropTiger Housing.com to merge in allstock deal worth 7075 million: [deleted]. Gujarat Govt. To Offer Rs 200 Cr. For Student Startups. India International Exchange India INX Everything you wanted to know. Apple put forth a list of demands before Government of India to start making iPhones in India. Learn who all are liable for Goods and Services Tax GST Registration. How 33M was siphoned from Indias Zenith Infotech. Indias securities regulator wants to make an example of the six promoters of Zenith Infotech Limited and has detailed how they allegedly pocketed US33 million raised to pay off company debts. 2013. Smoking in India Fact sheet Revenue constitutes 17 of GDP. 14 of deaths in males are due to tobacco 5 for females: [deleted]. McDonalds cooks up new Indian breakfast menu including masala dosa burgers. Apple seeks 15year Customs duty holiday before setting up India unit. Tur dal rates down to 3year low. India now sixth largest manufacturing country in the world Modi at Vibrant Gujarat Summit. jodisearch.com search brides and grooms. Moodys maintains positive outlook on India. H1B visa reform to increase IT firms margin pressure report. Business confidence for JanMar quarter falls to 31quarter low DampB: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Five facts you Must know. PropTiger And Housing.com Come Under One Roof. When India Killed the 1000Rupee Note This Startup Got Busy. Atal Pension Yojana Maximum Age limit for Entry Raised to 50 Years. At the New Delhi Auto Expo in India Tata Motors unveiled the Nano on this day in 2008 the worlds cheapest car: [deleted]. Tiger takes drivers seat at Flipkart Kalyan Krishnamurthy is new CEO. Earn Money Online Contribute and Earn. After customers Reliance Jio now plans to reward its employees with stock options. Make Your Home More Energy Efficient By Proper Renovation. Heres everything you should know about EWallets and prepaid wallet service providers.. When India Killed the 1000Rupee Note This Startup Got Busy: [deleted]. India International Exchange To Go Live On January 16 With New Sensex 50 Index. When Modi killed the Rs1000 note Paytm cashed in on the opportunity. No company is better placed to benefit from demonetisation than Paytm which says it has signed up more than 20 million users for a total of 177 million since the govt move. Home loans are becoming cheaper Should you buy or rent a house: [deleted]. Foreign carmakers including Ford Audi BMW want Indians to lead local show. Tiger Global takes control of Flipkart. Modi to Open 16Storey Exchange to Rival Singapore and Hong Kong. Bank of Baroda offers home loan rates at 8.35 cheaper than SBI rates. Flipkart names new CEO Binny Bansal to become group CEO. Flipkart replaces Binny Bansal with Kalyan Krishnamurthy as CEO Binny Bansal has been redesignated as Flipkarts group chief executive: [deleted]. Kalyan Krishnamurthy to take over as Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal Group CEO: [deleted]. Flipkart replaces Binny Bansal with Kalyan Krishnamurthy as CEO: [deleted]. Flipkart replaces Binny Bansal with Kalyan Krishnamurthy as CEO. Binny Bansal has been redesignated as Flipkarts group chief executive: [deleted]. RBI facing reputational risk says former governor V. Y. Reddy. Kalyan Krishnamurthy to take over as Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal Group CEO: [deleted]. /r/India is it a good idea to hold on to property in Noida right now or should I sell it: My dad has asked me to decide for his retirementinsurance piece of land in Noida. Hes got an offer 17 less than what was being offered 2 months ago. I understand economics better than the layman but have no idea on how property market is expected to behave. So looking for different viewpoints. Selling in Noida and buying elsewhere is what we are thinking. TIA I shall revert shortly and all that outlook love.. Best Money Transfer Services in thane and Mumbai to all Bank Account in India. How existing Central Excise/Service Tax Assessees can migrate to GST Step by Step Guide. FIIs Pull Out 3 Billion From Capital Markets In 2016 Worst In 8 Years. Air India Ranked ThirdWorst Performing Airline In The World. Mobile wallet wars Taking the fight to Paytm. GST Registration PAN is Mandatory for Excise and Service Taxpayers. Home loans are becoming cheaper Should you buy or rent a house. Here is how Amazon amp Flipkart sellers manipulate their product reviews. The post had 100 comments.. 5 Most important things you must know before making fresh investment under Section 80C. Reliance Jio launch pushes Vodafone to seek merger in India Report. CAT 2016 Results Check your scorecard Handa Ka Funda. What is the probability of removal of STT securities transaction tax in the budget 2017: [removed]. From Trump to Prez Trump How this transition will impact your portfolio in 2 weeks. FIIs Pull Out 3 Billion From Capital Markets In 2016 Worst In 8 Years. Attach Your PAN details To Your Bank Accout Else You Will Not Be Able To Withdraw Money From Your Account. SpiceJet is celebrating its remarkable turnaround with a 10.1billion order of new jets. Top Companies in India by Market Capitalization BSE. Sebi relaxes rules for angel funds to boost startup funding. I Thought I Was Impervious to Scams Readers Denounce Indias Phone Swindlers NYTimes XPost from r/Scams. Amazon is making moves to crack Indias burgeoning secondhand goods market: [deleted]. Amazon is making moves to crack Indias burgeoning secondhand goods market: [deleted]. Aurobindo Pharma gets US FDA nod for its antiepileptic drug. Is it time to start preparing for the inevitable robot takeover. News in Numbers US bids to raise H1B visa holders minimum salary to 100000. In 2017 we are targeting 2 billion transactions Vijay Shekhar Sharma Paytm: [deleted]. SBI Digi Bank SBI is going to launch Branchless Banking soon. Exclusive Arnab Goswami On His Republic The War On Big Media ampamp Why He Has To Shout: [deleted]. Facility for NRIs to deposit demonetised notes in their bank accounts made available till 30 June 2017. Exemployees of 12 Indian unicorn startups made 700 startups. Sebi notifies easier rules for fund managers to enter India: [deleted]. Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake. MonetaGo Successfully Demonstrates the Effectiveness of Blockchain Technology in Collaboration with Indian Banking Authorities and Major Banks. MonetaGo Successfully Demonstrates the Effectiveness of Blockchain Technology in Collaboration with Indian Banking Authorities and Major Banks. Mumbai Malls pay the price for overpriced water. Uber hikes taxi fares up to 50 in DelhiNCR: [deleted]. Vodafone Launches RC 16 SuperHour Scheme to Offer Unlimited 3G/4G Data for 1 Hour. It is Official Now BSNL Launches Unlimited Local and STD Calling for Rs 144 and Rs 149 but with One Condition. Aadhar has Become Mandatory for receiving benefits Under EPS. Indian unicorns such as Flipkart Snapdeal and Ola have spawned 700 startups. HUDCO IPO Draft filed with SEBI. YES Bank launches Facebook chatbot for employees to disburse loan info. Boeing said close to 10.1 billion order from SpiceJet: [deleted]. Best Free Classifieds The New Face Of Content Marketing. In Rush to Bail Out Sahara Tax Settlement Body Ignored Evidence of Matching Flow of Funds. GTPL Hathway Planning to launch IPO of Worth Rs 300 crore. RBI Approved Paytm to open Paytm Payment Bank. Jio hits the mark 85 users to retain service even after end of freebies. India reluctant to give special tax incentives to Apple. List of Banks that Support BHIM App. Xiaomi India revenue has crossed the 1bn mark in 2016 in less than two years since launch. Paytm In 2017 we are targeting 2 billion transactions Vijay Shekhar Sharma Paytm: [deleted]. These charts can make you believe India other EMs readying to rally for 7 months. 10 Disadvantages of BHIM Mobile App. Googles Sundar Pichai unveils Digital Unlocked for Indian small businesses. Xiaomi Says India Revenue Topped 1 Billion in 2016. Doing Business in India Requires a MobileFirst Strategy. Want to earn 6 or more rate of interest on your Savings Account Here are three banks which offer higher interest. Paytm gets RBI approval for its Payments Bank Paytm Announcement. How to setup a company in Dubai. BSE Ltd IPO You must Know. Here is why the flavour of the season mobile wallets will die. Mutual funds record highest growth in 7 years Rs3.71 trillion added to their kitty. Paytm gets UPI support makes it easier for you to transfer money. Tech Mahindra launches majority owned joint venture in Saudi Arabia. Expats Living in India Are Among Highest Paid HSBC Survey Shows. 7 Ultimate Strategies to Plan Your Money that Can help You getting Rich faster 2017. No wonder Flipkart is bleeding. Just look at these ridiculous salaries. 10 Important things you should know about tax saving fixed deposits. We help you to start a new business in Dubai. No wonder Flipkart is bleeding. Just look at these ridiculous salaries. State Bank of India blocks its customers from loading money to mobile wallet services using net banking. Bharti Airtel acquires Middle East North Africa Submarine Cable System MENASCS from Orascom to strengthen its global capacity. 5 Differences between BHIM and Paytm You Must know. Paytms bold march forward Payments to Payments Bank. Paytm Indias top mobile payments firm gets approval to launch its own digital bank. Today Everything changes Again. From Payments to Payments Bank.: [deleted]. ELI5 Paying off loans early vs EMI: I have a home loan of 20 lakhs and have some 10 lakh of money to repay. But with home loan rates dipping down recently my floating home loan rate would also dip a bit. What do you guys suggest I keep paying it via EMI gradually or pay a lump sum amount of 10 lakhs as pay off. Paytm Indias top mobile payments firm gets approval to launch its own digital bank: [deleted]. Paytm gets RBI nod to launch payments bank. Crisp summary of all the headlines you need to keep up with. Google CEO Sundar Pichai Will Visits In Indian. Amazon Sets up shop for Individual sellers in India. Indian Banks Credit Fantasy: [deleted]. Interest Rates are Unchanged on Small Savings for January March 2017 Quarter. Airtel to offer 3GB 4G data per month for 12 months to counter attack Reliance JIo. Service Charge by Hotels and Restaurants is not mandatory Government Announcement. 10 Step Process to Install BHIM App Send Request and Scan/pay. Revenues of IT companies may contract 3 this year: [deleted]. Tata Groups Boardroom Brawl Splits Powerful Parsi Community