Hoarding government starving people. As coronavirus deaths inches towards 1000 mark India tweaks lockdown restrictions. India fights Corona. Bengaluru Migrants take rations not meant for them booked Bengaluru News Times of India. Just in Odisha will send buses to Gujarat to bring back migrant workers. CM Naveen Patnaik Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani Union Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan discussed the issue of migrant workers through videoconference.. In war against Covid19 Kerala stands as tall as Germany South Korea Taiwan. PGIs success in Corona vaccines safety trial. Trinamool Congress and Mahua Moitra attacks doctors for questioning Bengal Governments response against Covid19. Same lady who copied somebody elses lines on Fascism and spoke about it in Parliament last year.. New images from the Copernicus Sentinel5P satellite from the European Union Copernicus programme show some cities across India seeing levels drop by around 4050 owing to its nationwide quarantine. [Courtesy of European Space Agency]. Recovered Tablighis ready to donate plasma. Indias circuses struggle to survive the lockdown. India allows small shops to reopen. The Viral Explosion A StateWise Projection Map For Covid19 In India. IndiaFightsCorona COVID19 Live Update. 24 in Vijayawada contract virus as man hosts games in his house. Environmental Impact of Coronavirus Covid 19 Effect Of Covid 19 In Hindi. PM Modi addresses Mann Ki Baat. Top Tourist Places to Visit during this Corona Lockdown. My friend went to a barber 10 days back barber tested ve yesterday: My friend went to a barber 10 days back barber tested ve yesterday. What should I tell him Self isolation or anything different. Coronavirus No new COVID19 cases after May 16 says study. Covid 19 India State wise spreading. Coronavirus No new COVID19 cases after May 16 says govt study. Covid19 cess 40 tax for rich IRS officers offer economyrevival tips to Modi govt. Heres how I handle and disinfect all my amazon packages. Any suggestions . Ready to cooperate Chinese firms after India says coronavirus test kits faulty. Coronavirus outbreak Whats on their plate. Delhi forced to agree Maharashtra says no states split on MHA order easing lockdown. Coronavirus Families in shock as UAE expats dead bodies are returned from India. Jharkhand Police swiftly act to book communal fruit sellers remove VHP approved Hindu fruit shop banners. Have we over glorified the health workers for their work in this pandemic : [removed]. INDIA: [removed]. Tablighi Jamaat Attendees in TN Coordinate to Donate Plasma Feel Struggles Should not go Unnoticed. You wont see it in media but the Tablighi Jamaat Attendees in TN Coordinate to Donate Plasma Feel Struggles Should not go Unnoticed. COVID19 Spread In India Visualisation. Guards checking housing complex residents temperature: Today I stepped out for some groceries. For only 10 minutes. When I came back to my housing complex gate the guard interjected Sir He was holding one of those noncontact thermometers. Obviously this was initiated by the housing society itself. First of all no one has to be told to stop at the gate of their residence to be tested. Secondly having high fever is not a specific indicator of covid. Has anybody had this initiated in their housing complex during this pandemic Whether yes or no how do you feel about this bullshit it Edit I was not raised in India and I say this because for me its more a matter of how things are conducted because there are cultural differences. Ive been following the lockdown rules to a T. The fact that a guard is taking my temperature is not right. Its not his job. Im a resident here. I have a thermometer at home. Like someone else mentioned in another discussion they should monitor the people going in and out.. Do allergies put me at higher risk of COVID19 OR is it opposite :  My wife and I have allergy from dust mites pollens etc. As soon as we get in contact with these items we start sneezing. I am even too susceptible to outside air right now its 43 degrees peak temperature in day but even then if I sleep with windows open in night to get fresh air coming in I start sneezing and running nose in morning. I consulted doctors who also said its the allergy. I read its the overactive immune system which responds to foreign objects. So my question is Since COVID19 is a result of overzealous immune system does it make us more prone to disease or its just the opposite body is too much responsive to foreign objects and never lets them in . How Bengals Covid19 toll went up nearly 4 times in 24 hours after Modi govt probe. Dr KM Ismail Hussain who treated lakhs of poor people free for five decades succumbed to Covid 19 last week.: Dr KM Ismail Hussain had stopped going to work at his hospital in Kurnool a few weeks ago because of the COVID19 situation. He had always been so accessible and popular that patients who were used to going to him started queueing up outside his house. He would never refuse to see a patient for any reason. So after a week out of compulsion he went back to work at the hospital his friend Shafath Ahmed Khan tells TNM. On April 14 Dr Ismail breathed his last. The next day his test results revealed that he had died from COVID19. Authorities said that while he hadnt come in contact with any known COVID19 patients he could have been infected through anyone as he had been working in a COVID19 redzone. Dr Ismail turned 76 a few months ago on December 5. But no one who knew him well is surprised that he had continued to see his patients. The doctor was renowned and beloved by many with patients coming in not just from Kurnool but from nearby districts of neighbouring states like Gadwal in Telangana and Raichur in Karnataka. His empathy and kindness towards patients especially those who couldnt afford expensive healthcare had made him widely popular. \ He never cared about money never saw how much the patients paid. After consulting him people would give what they could says Abdul Rawoof an Imam who has been associated with Dr Ismails family for nearly 45 years. Earlier people would often pay him just two rupees. Even now during his last days at work people would leave Rs 10 or 20 or whatever they could afford. Even if someone couldnt pay he wouldnt bother says Abdul. Through the 80s and 90s he is said to have been called the 2rupee doctor as many people thought that was his official fee for consultation. There would be a cardboard box in which patients would drop money and take back change on their own. They would drop Rs 10 and take Rs 5 or put in Rs 50 and take back Rs 30. It was completely up to them recalls Kalkura Chandrashekhar a Kurnoolbased historian and political observer who was a close friend of Dr Ismail. \ [Source]https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/doctorwhochargedjustrs2kurnoolbidsfarewellcovid19victimdrismail123124. Should we just fuck lockdown and return to normalcy : I have limited knowledge on this so welcome everyone to play devils advocate. Its well known that vaccine is gonna take months to come out. Whats the governments plan right now lockdown till vaccine surely not right. People will suffer economy will take a hit. If theyre gonna lift the lockdown eventually might as well do it now. What difference does it make The death rate due to the virus is not that high. Sure lot of people will die but that seems like the better option.. Irrfan mother Saeeda Begum took her last breath on Saturday morning .According to a report in ANI Saeeda was unwell for a long time and died due to natural causes .She resided at the Beniwal Kanta Krishna. Nagaland man who tested positive for COVID19 in Assam disowned by both states. Coronavirus Will be Destroyed by Acids Present in Stomach Ramdev Makes Bizarre Claim. Media Govt Briefings Are Both Communalising COVID19 PM Modis Silence is Deliberate Ram Guha. WHO warns over virus immunity as global death toll nears 200000 Times of India. Local selfgovernment bodies in Kerala make the world look back at their COVID19 containment model. Private schools are milking this quarantine to get more media coverage: [removed]. Low testing no healthcare residents of Ahmedabads hotspots cry for govt help. take care fam: [removed]. Modi government has done nothing to fight COVID19 Vijay Prashad. How Bengals Covid19 toll went up nearly 4 times in 24 hours after Modi govt probe. Amazon Best Seller Stay Safe: [removed]. No support no security given Covid19 team in Bengal spotlights struggle. COVID19 Thousands pushed to starvation due to faulty biometric system in Bihar. India records lowest daily growth rate in COVID19 cases on Saturday since it crossed 100 cases. Hunger amp starvation going to be reality if rest of the India doesnt learn lesson from Kerala. Where theres a will theres a way. News 18s comedic poet conference now conducted via video conferencing. Covid19India team how are you dealing with the reduction of data being published by ICMR lately: [removed]. Long Island Man First in US to Face Price Gouging Charge Under Defense Production Act. Need help with some information regarding the border: Ever since the lockdown started a month ago my fathers health condition has been deteriorating constantly and today I think he has hit rock bottom. He has Leukemia diagnosed in 2016 and Bronchitis and hes been so paranoid about the whole coronavirus precautions I think something has gone wrong with him I think he needs professional help. ampx200B He wears a mask almost all the time Inside the house Our house is on the 4th floor and opens from both sides. IDK how but he thinks the air will bring in particles of coronavirus so weve been living with closed doors and very poor ventilation for the past 1 month. We also own the roof rights but since he is afraid of the Air he doesnt allow anyone to go there and for breathing fresh air. he rarely stands at the balcony. He doesnt want anybody to use AC in the house because of... pretty obv by now Nobody comes in or goes out of the house. The last time we went for a grocery run was like a month ago. Weve been fueled by just that. 2 times daal roti a day almost every day. Fruits sometimes. He thinks anyone can bring the virus inside the house. Ration will probably run out in a week I have no idea what were gonna do. The last time I ate a green vegetable was also a month ago. He Doesnt allow us to buy vegetables either from the street hawkers or online marts. Just when the lockdown started our water purifier broke down eff you Kent . for the first few days we were drinking tap water by boiling it and then cooling it rapidly. Then he got paranoid that its affecting his kidney so we somehow managed to bring in a few crates of bisleri 1l bottle. Theyll run out soon. Someone told him not to put the phone on the ear while talking so now we all talk on speakers or earphones. Long story short he is quite bad and literally on the border. He cries a lot these days and it breaks my heart to see him like this. So heres the thing. He just wants to go back to the family house in UP Moradabad . Hes been having a guilt trip of not leaving the city in time and I dont know how to get usfamily of 4 there. Is there a way I can leave border into UP without being stopped. \[ he also thinks that as soon as we try to go for the border they will lock us up in quarantine wards \]. ampx200B Im not looking for medical help. Trust me Ive tried Counselors Psychiatrists NIHMANS Helpline. All of it. Nothing worked and I doubt anything will. Its just the last hope. To go back to Moradabad for some reason. If this goes on Hell either Die by the end or either Ill commit suicide because you cant possibly begin to think how difficult it is here. I just need a way to cross the border somehow without being denied or being put into quarantine. ampx200B ampx200B Thank you for reading I hope youre safe.. News18s lapete me netaji now via video conferencing. Age bracket analysis of people who have contracted Covid19 as of 25 April. Lockdown in Mumbai Pune to be extended till June. Mystery of Indias lower death rate seems to defy coronavirus trend. Delhi Agrees To Implement Centres Order Allowing Shops To Open Sources. In 10 days cases double to 2k in Rajasthan 4 more die in Jaipur Ajmer News Times of India. Perfect way to donate without any PR drama and without any ego boosters. As seen in Manipur. Poultry farmers in Bihar scared of bird flu menace Patna News Times of India. Amid Lockdown 2 Brothers Sell Land For Rs 25 Lakh To Feed The Poor In Karnataka. Coronavirus coverage under health insurance in India: [removed]. Postcoronavirus 75 of 4.5 lakh TCS employees to permanently work from home up from 20. Why India cannot effort to lift its lockdown Post found on a new Indian social app.. Ahmedabad Will Have 8 Lakh COVID19 Cases By May End At Current Rate Of Increase Official. Opinion How Odisha and Kerala are leading from the front in war against covid. Do You Know 62 India Allowed Shops Selling NonEssential Goods to Open List What will Open amp remain Shut. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Covid suspect needed surgery AIIMS docs decided not to wait for result. Ahead of complete lockdown in 5 major cities Tamil Nadu witnesses panic buying. Need help to bring back my things: [removed]. Covid19 Government guidelines on ACs coolers and fans Times of India. Since Islamaphobia still is the trending subject given its ramzan Im compiling a list of Hindu specific violations just for reference.: [Despite Lockdown crowd gathers at temples in Bengal for Ram Navami]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/despitelockdowncrowdgathersattemplesinbengalforramnavami/videoshow/74963580.cmsfrommdr [Angry sadhus deserted Janmabhoomi but no social distancing in Ayodhya on Ram Navami]https//theprint.in/india/angrysadhusdesertedjanmabhoomibutnosocialdistancinginayodhyaonramnavami/394073/ [From Kolkata to Shirdi TempleGoers Flout Social Distancing Norms on Ram Navami]https//thewire.in/religion/kolkatashirdiramnavamisocialdistancing Ill add more as I find them. You can help expand this list.. No evidence yet that recovered COVID patients cannot be reinfected WHO. InterMinisterial Central Team IMCT leader in West Bengal writes to State Chief Secretary complains of noncooperation by West Bengal Government and inadequate security provided.. [Arogya Setu] Cant view privacy policy and TOS without accepting them first. Whats the whole point of it then. Thanks for making lockdown life as hard as possible for the average person. : Rant Incoming On a Saturday afternoon you leave the house at 1130 AM after weeks to stock up on some grocery. Like a trusting citizen you havent hoarded any amount more than necessary for a couple of weeks. You stop at a petrol pump first cause its been a month since you last fueled up and the attendant there tells you Police Doctor Neta ya Social Worker nahin ho toh petrol nahin milega jao yahan se. Youre like fine anyways I dont have to go anywhere far Ill manage. Then you visit Reliance SMART Grocery Supermarket which has locked its entry gate with a guard saying Token lagta hai subah 1012 baje and shuts you out. Then you visit DMart and its post 12 now and its shutting down. Various women are scrambling to grab huge 1015kg ration bags from beyond a fence from their partners as a guy on a loudspeaker wants everyone to disperse asap. Youre like Chalo smaller shop pe mil jayega basic samaan. Something wonderful is happening there. Theres a string blocking entry to all the small shops so that you cannot enter inside. Multiple people are screaming orders at once from outside and most of the times the reply from the store guys is Nahin hai Khatam hai chota pack hi hai. I assume people cannot enter inside to enforce physical distancing at the same time queues of people are standing inches apart outside. Ye limited opening time ka idea kaun chutiye ne socha bhai Saala 1012 dukaan khologe toh logon ki bheed badhegi na Panic bhi badhega and bheed bhi badhegi. Samaan kam dikhega toh log hoard toh karenge na Its better to keep the store open all the time so that everyone doesnt gather at the same time. Phir BC ATM dhundo kyunki card nahin le rahe smaller stores waale. 5 out of 6 ATMs are not working nearby. Line me khade raho phir BC aur store pe waapas jao toh sab closed hai. Roz NDTV pe dekh rahe hain gareeb mazdoor kisaan ki haalat kitni kharab hai BC. Supreme Leader BC AC mein baithe baithe video conference kar raha hai. Tweets kar raha hai. Sadak pe jaake kya dekha hai usne Bologe wo nahin toh kaun Arey hum nagrik ki chup baithe rehte hain. Darte rehte hain. Pisste rehte hain. Pata nahin hum log kaise bardasht karte rehte hai. Ye fake nationalist se kyun gand phat ti hai apni Mere toh gharwale hi bolte hain chup ho jaa beta sarkar ke khilaaf kuch mat bol andar kar denge tujhko. Sharam aati hai mujhe toh iss desh ka management dekh ke. Pata hai mujhe lockdown zaroori tha but South Korea ko dekh lo Germany ko dekh lo. Aggressive testing aur isolation Karke bhi situation control ho Sakti hai BC puri population ki kyun le rahe ho Ab tum bologe wo developed countries hain. Sahi hai Isiliye har country ka approach alag hona chahiye tha. Yahan jaise baaki kahan itne migrant labours hote hain Virus se zyada log toh bhuk aur gareebi se mar jayenge. Par government ko toh statistics manipulate karke tweet karna hai na ki kaise growth rate control mein hai etc etc. Bhuk se marne waalon ke statistics thodi na bahar aane denge ye log. Gunde hain ye saale janta ko bhais bakari jaise treat karte hain. Chalo baaki samaan toh rehne do essentials mein bhi black marketing chal rahi hai price badh rahi hai. Kisi ke ghar RO kharab ho gaya hai baithe raho. Lockdown pata nahin kab khatam hoga. Jab hoga tab line lagegi service karne ki. Dimag out ho gaya hai BC bahut depressed. City Pune Date 25042020. Gujarat Tops List of 7 States Where Covid19 Spreading Faster Than National Average IIT Study. Kapila river looks crystal clear thanks to lockdown Mysuru News Times of India. Azaan from mosques allowed only in low volume subject to permission from district authorities Uttarakhand Police Dehradun News Times of India. Oddeven for shops in Laxmipuri to reduce crowd Kolhapur News Times of India. No order to open barber shops hair salons or liquor shops MHA. China is experimenting again. Over 350 Assam students begin trip home from Kota Guwahati News Times of India. Goa No mask in public Now be fined Rs 100 Goa News Times of India. Doland Dont do Press Conference.... Aligarh admin tests cancer patient for Covid to issue travel pass to Noida for treatment if report is negative Agra News Times of India. Mortality rates drop sharply in parts of India bucking coronavirus trend Article [AMP] Reuters. Woman family booked for entering Wardha illegally Nagpur News Times of India. On Camera 69 COVID19 Patients Wait On Footpath Outside UP Hospital. Jaipur during Lockdown Drone Shots Ghumakkadgagan. On Camera 69 COVID19 Patients Wait On Footpath Outside UP Hospital For Admission. Ban on public gatherings in Uttar Pradesh till June 30. No Action Has Been Taken Frustration In National Covid19 Task Force. UGC panel proposes new college academic calendar from September. BJP MP announces reward for info on people with foreign travel history Tablighi Jamaat members. Midnight Order Allows More Shops What Can Open What Cant. Securitising Health India silences frontline health workers in Kashmir amid COVID19. Pandemic Journal. Lets help poor people. If you want to help poor people just buy one tshirt from this website. If you buy one tshirt from this website we will help people from the profit we got from the tshirt. Lets help poor people in this difficult situation. Lets raise a wall Against COVID19. An exchange between two govt. bank employees after a portion of their monthly salaries was directly debited for PM Cares fund: [removed]. Covid19 SuperMarket Waiting times . Covid19 SuperMarket Waiting times. Covid19 SuperMarket Waiting times. Timeline of Coronavirus Cases in India amp Pakistan. Govt allows neighbourhood shops to open from today but with riders. Lockdown in Mumbai Pune region may extend till June. During this curfew pandemic Is begging under the guise of religon allowed. How to keep your car battery healthy in this corona virus lockdown. Bhakt graph showing Covid19 magically declining the EXACT day lockdown ends on May 3rd. Because even virus is afraid of Modiji. Image released by Press Information Bureau. India coronavirus doctors Notes on hope fear and longing. Will the lockdown be extended: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g7mowd. A poem I wrote Shame in the midst of a pandemic: [removed]. Govt allows some shops to reopen from Saturday List of what will open what will remain closed. Government allows opening of neighbourhood and standalone shops but not markets. Corona Virus to Tablagi Jamat. Two Police Security Guards and Official Driver of BJP MLA Who Travelled to Kota Amid Lockdown Suspended. Plasma Therapy for COVID19 affected patients works better in India. Coronavirus Bengal Admits 57 COVID19 Patients Died But Says 39 From CoMorbidities. Is the government really spending on Google ads just to show COVID19 updates. WB govt intentionally hiding COVID19 cases. MHA orders to exempt all shops under ShopsampEstablishment Act of States/UTs including shops in residential complexes and market complexes except shops in multibrand amp singlebrand malls outside limits of Municipal Corporations from revised consolidated lockdown restrictions.:  MHA orders to exempt all shops under ShopsampEstablishment Act of States/UTs including shops in residential complexes and market complexes except shops in multibrand amp singlebrand malls outside limits of Municipal Corporations from revised consolidated lockdown restrictions. This does not apply for Hotspots/containment zones [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1253754566023294976]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1253754566023294976. World Map Timelapse of the Coronavirus January 1 to April 24. Vaccine for covid 19 : How close doctors and scientists are in making fully working vaccine for c virus Is there any site which is legit and gives daily updates about this. Shekhar Gupta in conversation with Kiran Mazumdar Shaw. Pelted with stones Haryana cops fire in air to escape mob fury in Panipat Gurgaon News Times of India. Coronavirus Postal dept salutes corona warriors with thanksgiving postcards Chennai News Times of India. Punjab Police bust gang transporting stranded migrants to UP Bihar using fake curfew passes Ludhiana News Times of India. Covid19 Founder of news website arrested in Coimbatore over false reports. Is police being ignored by Modi govt in fight against Covid. Why are hospitals allowed to turn away emergency cases under the guise of coronavirus: I was reading [this]https//www.news18.com/news/india/maharashtralawyerdiesofheartattackafterhospitalsrefuseadmission2583897.html article where a woman in Mumbai whose husband had a heart attack was turned away by not 1 but 2 hospitals in her vicinity. And on their way to the third hospital which was half an hour away the man died. In what world is this even remotely OK So you want to protect people from coronavirus but its perfectly OK if they die of something else WTF We arent even really at the point where the healthcare system is overwhelmed and there are no beds in the hospitals so why is this cruelty even allowed Apparently both the late husband and the wife are lawyers but according to the article the wife is of the opinion that she cant take action against the hospital due to lack of evidence. I just hope this turns out to be false and the hospital is sued and defeated in a massive lawsuit.. Azan may be carried out during Ramzan in accordance with NGT guidelines Delhi Police Delhi News Times of India. IIT professor develops software to detect Covid19 within 5 seconds using Xray scan. Telegram Bot for realtime COVID19 updates: Created a Telegram bot to automatically receive updates of COVID19 cases in India. Telegram Bot link [t.me/covid19\india\alerts\bot]https//t.me/covid19indiaalertsbot Features Set preferred state to receive updates of that state only. Get latest statistics of any state by sending command /stats Every update is linked with the news source usually tweets from State Govt accounts or ANI. Doubling rate of new cases to see how fast numbers are growing across India and per state. Get summary statistics today and yesterdays increase with commands like /summary /today /yesterday etc. The source code of the Telegram bot is available here [https//github.com/xsreality/covid19]https//github.com/xsreality/covid19 The data is sourced from the APIs of covid19india.org [https//github.com/covid19india/api]https//github.com/covid19india/api Feedbacks welcome. High Risk Individual Categorization Review 1 Part 1 for CoVID19 . the list will be in description of the video also.. Covid19 hit me. I just got fired.: Just one call. We are having trouble with money. We will have to terminate your position. Thats it. I was doing good in life. Would have reached 1.6lpm club in next two years. Life fucks you. And when it does it does real hard. It has not sunk in yet. I dont even feel it fully right now. I havent told my parents about this yet. I have no idea what I am gonna do. If you are still there having a job consider yourself very lucky and blessed. I have no friends i dont live with family i dont have a girlfriend and this is the only place to speak out. I have no idea how long this night is going to be. Astronaut Scott Kelly offers Coronavirus lockdown tips for keeping kids motivated to study.. Do you guys think Modi will actually stop the lockdown on May 3rd: [removed]. The mystery behind Indias lower death rates during coronavirus lockdown. We got 3 positive cases in Prayagraj today and 2 were just people near my home. Now the area has been sealed. Shit. A second wave of Corona is inevitable regardless of lockdown length.: [removed]. The rain which waters your crops might flood someones home. Indian Vedic Yoga ASMR to help with the quarantine. Tigress dies at Delhi Zoo sample sent for corona testing at Bareilly. Vijay Fan Killed By Rajinikanth Fan After Argument Over Which Actor Donated More For Covid19 Relief. Covid19 This is why Mumbai is reporting high number of coronavirus cases. 4month old COVID19 positive baby girl dies in Kerala. Mystery of Indias lower death rates seems to defy coronavirus trend. Australia with the population less than Delhi pledged more than 100 B and India with population of 1.35 B has pledged only 20 B.[source Bloomberg]. TRUE. Tamil Nadu Police put lockdown violators in an ambulance with a fake COVID19 positive patient as punishment in Tiruppur.. Tamil Nadu Police put lockdown violators in an ambulance with a fake COVID19 positive patient as punishment in Tiruppur. Video Source Tamil Nadu Police. Supreme nature. Shukraan 100. No Action Has Been Taken Frustration In National Covid19 Task Force. Yuval Noah Harari the world after coronavirus. Is there any official confirmation or research paper that Coronavirus doesnt spread through newspapers: [removed]. Pregnant woman kin in Haridwar claims govt hospital refused admission for delivery unless Covid19 test done Dehradun News Times of India. One month of lockdown Why Indian states have dramatically divergent Covid19 trajectories. Bengaluru Government permits private schools to collect school fee. Thane police to take action against housing societies if medical staff harassed Thane News Times of India. What Does a Mechanical Ventilator Do: [removed]. How covid19 response disrupted health services in rural India. Maharashtra minister tests positive for Covid19 Thane News Times of India. Colonial period VS Coronial period. Sonu Sood To Feed Over 25000 Migrants During Ramzan India. Covid Toes among kids New symptom of novel coronavirus infection. Coronavirus a pandemic Short Film StayHome WithMe. Counting the days since lockdown. May we overcome this soon and come out stronger.. How India has handled Covid19 so far. Lucknow Colleges relax admission rules deadline for UG and PG courses Lucknow News Times of India. Lawyer approaches Bombay HC for fin help over loss of work Nagpur News Times of India. Masks mandatory in Bihar from today Patna News Times of India. Coronavirus In Rae Bareli doctors have untold stories of quarantine. Indians mentally immune to Covid19 Chinese expert tells students. 5 quick steps to save your home from Corona. With higher recovery rate South leads the fight against the coronavirus. Opinion India has fared better than others against coronavirus. [OC] a big thank you to all the doctors and health workers of INDIA and across globe. Complete lockdown for four days in Chennai Madurai and Coimbatore says Tamil Nadu Chief Minister. The controversy over Indias first Covid19 death. ICMR Study Suggests Its Testing Strategy Was Flawed Airport Screening a Miss The Wire Science. No last goodbye for Gulf migrant workers lost to pandemic. Covid19 lockdown Man out to get food lynched to death in Bahraich City Times of India Videos. Agra Bhilwara Pathanamthitta 3 Strategies for 3 COVID19 Hotspots. Protect yourself and others from COVID 19: [removed]. Five arrested for attack on health workers test positive for COVID19 in Karnataka. Plasma therapy on Delhi Covid19 patients yields positive results say Kejriwal amp top doctor. Assam has started Community Testing: I just got back from getting swabbed in Dibrugarh. The purpose cited on the form was Community Testing. I guess I got shortlisted due to my travel history to Singapore. I arrived on 11th March and had no symptoms. I got a call from the doctor asking me to come in as my name was chosen randomly to be swabbed. An Anganwadi worker accompained me and they even provided pick up and drop off. The whole process took 30 seconds but the wait was longer because of they were testing from 50 wards today. Doctors waiting in the room in PPE kits swab you in thirty seconds. On a scale of 1 to 10 pain level was at most 6. The only cons were no sanitizers for people waiting. No social distancing maintained even in the transportation and no one even asking people to do so. I got looks when I told the guy around me to move away a little bit. Although everyone was wearing a mask which is good to see. According to the officials there they will ramp up the testing and are looking to test people from every ward in Dibrugarh district over the next few weeks. I wanted to take a video of the procedure but was not allowed. But yeah it isnt very painful. gtWill you get the test results No youll get a call only if you test positive. Lets hope the call doesnt arrive. . HOUSE OF CARDS.: [removed]. Dont come out please.... Coimbatore Founder of News Portal Arrested for Reporting on Governments Handling of COVID19. Oil prices turn negative: [removed]. Punjab likely to extend lockdown till May 31 The Express Tribune. Tamil Nadu Police creating awareness to wear masks. SCR converts 486 coaches into isolation facility completes target Aurangabad News Times of India. Covid19 Jalandhar administration implements oddeven formula to decongest vegetable market Amritsar News Times of India. Allahabad high court comes up with virtual courts Allahabad News Times of India. Police challan more than 70 in city for not wearing masks Allahabad News Times of India. 88 hit Guj 6th in spread of virus. Delhi Corona Update IITDelhis lowcost testing kit gets ICMR approval Delhi News Times of India. How IITS are leading INNOVATION in the fight against COVID19.. Is there really no community transmission of coronavirus in India. Coronavirus India Updates Covid19 Cases In India Cross 23000 Death Toll At 718. High hopes drug for Covid19 treatment failed in full trial. People queue up for free chicken outside BJP office in bangalore. PM Modi States Indias Biggest Learning From Covid Pandemic Says We Must Be Selfreliant. When you dont take proper precautions during a pandemic.: ampx200B [video]u9fc7757mpu41. Mumbai man refuses to take grocery from Muslim delivery boy gets arrested. Coronavirus testing India faring better than other countries at the 5Ltest mark Committee chief India News Times of India. Is social distancing an oxymoron in India. 58 fresh coronavirus cases in Kolkata:  [https//www.outlookindia.com/newsscroll/58freshcoronaviruscasesinkolkata/1812845]https//www.outlookindia.com/newsscroll/58freshcoronaviruscasesinkolkata/1812845. No Action Has Been Taken Frustration In National Covid19 Task Force. TN Police Pranks people who violates lock down with fake coronavirus patients. Look to Tirupur not China for PPE suits. The Chinese Health Organization by Brahma Chellaney. Stigma attached to Covid can cause more deaths says AIIMS head. Arabs wake up to Hindu Rashtra India loses face and its benign image. Query about name Chinese Virus: Why it is inappropriate to call SARSCOV2 virus as Chinese COVID 19 virus but its appropriate to call Japanese Encephalitis Virus. No Action Has Been Taken Frustration In National Covid19 Task Force. Will interstate travel via railways be available before june 22nd: [removed]. Indias Once Lavish Weddings Are Now Taking Place on Zoom. Stay Home.. Covid19 Mamata Banerjee says nationwide lockdown should be lifted in two weeks from May 4. Dont fudge Covid toll truth will be out. After Aarogya Setu tender for wristband to track patients by government enterprise causes concern. The Outbreak Of an Invisible Enemy. Turmericsalt water gargle will do the trick says Karnataka Health Minister B Sriramulu. Karnataka govt announces relaxations in green zones from April 24. 6000 enter trial to test recombinant BCG vaccine against Covid19 in Pune. Playing Ludolike Game to Kill Time During Lockdown Telangana Woman Infects 31. Coronavirus Model shows deaths cases rising over next three weeks. Rapid test kits were cleared by ICMR say Chinese manufacturers. Rapid test kits were cleared by ICMR say Chinese manufacturers: [removed]. In a shocking development Maharashtra Housing Minister Jitendra Awhad has tested Covid 19 positive official sources said here early on Friday.. Please confirm if post offices are open now I think they are as per the governments notification.: [removed]. Post Offices open now during lockdown: [removed]. Side effects of Covid19 Hindi. COVID19 situation in India. Maharashtra minister Jitendra Awhad tests positive for Covid19. Displaced amp Out Of Work Artistes Of Kathputli Colony Struggle For Two Meals. Maharashtra minister Jitendra Awhad tests positive for Covid19. Coronavirus The controversy over Indias first virus fatality. What an 80YearOld Short Story Tells Us About Ethics During QurantineRajindar Singh Bedis Plague amp Quarantine tells the story of a sanitation worker who treats patients with compassion and inspires a doctor to follow suit. COVID AR challenge startupindia:  Does anyone the selection process [https//www.startupindia.gov.in/content/sih/en/amsapplication/challenge.htmlapplicationId5e8e16bae4b0363cb630f80b]https//www.startupindia.gov.in/content/sih/en/amsapplication/challenge.htmlapplicationId5e8e16bae4b0363cb630f80b. Franklin Templeton India shuts 6 credit riskoriented funds due to market illiquidity. Coronavirus Received 400 Tons Of Medical Supplies From China In 2 Weeks Says Centre. Bengaluru has least number of Covid19 cases among all major cities of India India News Times of India.  2020 . How about opting Herd immunity method to tackle virus in our country: I am no expert but I digged into this and this route looks quiet facinating to me. We know that our country cant sustain long lockdown or else our economy will crumble so shouldnt we open the herd immunity method to handle this virus in our vast country. People in our country has way strong immunity than the west and 60 of our population is in young age. Just wanted to have discussion over this. What do you think. Coronavirus in India Indias COVID19 lockdown brings clean air blue skies. It took us 2 days to go from 20K to 23K cases. At this rate we will be at least 38K cases by 3rd May. Drone video shared by Greater Chennai Police shows a deserted view of citys landmarks including Marina Beach Chennai Central Kasimedu Fishing Harbour Tidel Park Kapaleeshwarar Temple etc. COVID19 detection test method developed by IITDelhi gets ICMR nod Officials. Whats on Punjab state new channel PTC.: Private hospitals doctors not sitting on Out Patients Clinics and will not treat patients with respiratory symptoms. Private labs given permission to test. Price 4500 if you have Civil Surgeon recommendations then Rs.2500. Ludhiana Hospital billed Covid recovered patient with Rs. 7 Lakh.. FIR against MSME CEOs if a Covid19 positive case is found on their premises Govt: What the fuck is wrong with Chaddi government After demo get now entire business affected due to covid ghobi jee is saying FIR will be registered if a covid patient comes up in any MSME shop.. is this some kind of a joke While large corporates are getting nod to open MSME are being singled out. Who will pay the loans of MSMEs What sheer stupidity is this.. this is what happened when we elect murderers and goli maaro gang into power. https//m.economictimes.com/news/company/corporatetrends/dontrushtoopenfactoriesmsmebody/articleshow/75311265.cms. The Inspiring Compassion of the Student on the Scooty. Narendra Modi Over 93 trust Modi govt will handle Covid19 crisis well Survey: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g6o0k4. After Delhi Metro opens you may be denied ride without mask Aarogya Setu pass. Indians among worst COVID19 affected ethnic groups in England. [AskIndia] Many families are on the verge of starvation how can they signal world that they need food: Dear Randians In RED zones no movements are allowed ration shops not opening and no body is coming to deliver foods at door steps. Please suggest some ideas on how can they attract attention of the world e.g putting a red flag in window etc.. Doctors in WB write to Mamata Banerjee allege undertesting misreporting of COVID19 cases. [Live] Coronavirus in India Live Updates 24/7 State Wise Count Death Infections and News. saynotochina. Does India have surplus food during the Corona crisis: [removed]. Yes. Government sets up 723 COVID19 hospitals across country. India gifts 23 tonnes of essential medicines to Nepal. Covid19 Mumbai man arrested for refusing to accept groceries from Muslim delivery agent. Indian Initiative to Fight COVID19 Enhancing Natural Defense. Covid19 relief How India doesnt count the poor as workers. Desi Girl donates 20000 shoes to Corona Warriors. India freezes salary rises for more than 11 million to combat coronavirus.  2 .  . Essential cooking related Electronics: [removed]. Do You Know 61 WHEN SHOULD A COUNTRY LIFT A LOCKDOWN 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Raksha Mantri Shri Rajnath Singh inaugurates DRDO developed Mobile Laboratory to test COVID19 samples. Coronavirus What India achieved in last 30 days of lockdown. I know this question has been answered earlier but just to check on the current situation I am asking this. Is it safe to eat meat: [removed]. Running out of money Actor Prakash Raj pledges to take loan to help people amid lockdown. Indias private COVID19 tests cost highest in South Asia free in Bangladesh. Amazon Delivering to more Pincodes: [removed]. Is Japan Ready For Long Battle Against COVID19. Chinese Communism Will Be Dealt By The Entire World Later. Ajit Pawar Urges Railway Ministry to Run Special Trains For Migrants in Maharashtra After Lockdown. Running out of money Actor Prakash Raj pledges to take loan to help people amid lockdown: Respect. We need such kind hearted people. He may be a villain on screen but hero in real life. PS Hoping it isnt a PR stunt [Prakash Raj to continue helping people by taking loan amidst lockdown. [Prakash Raj to continue helping people by taking loan]https//newsd.in/runningoutofmoneyactorprakashrajpledgestotakeloantohelppeopleamidlockdown/. COVID19 worry in Delhi 3.2 lakh living in red zone but only 5600 tested. Covid19 Mumbai man arrested for refusing to accept groceries from Muslim delivery agent. 93.5 trust Modi will handle Covid19 crisis well.. Corona virus explained in marathi . See the comment for the link of this video....... South Asia coronavirus cases top 37000 headache for governments eyeing lockdown end. CBSE to conduct class 11 and 12 board exams amid pandemic.. Coronavirus PM Modi to hold third video conference with CMs on April 27 to discuss lockdown plan. Muslim burials soar in Indore as hospitals shut out nonCovid patients during lockdown. Mental Health during the COVID19 Pandemic A Podcast with The Mind Ove.... How confident are you that India will overcome Covid 19 in coming days: [removed]. Diabetic man dies of lack of food medicine at Delhi quarantine centre. Ministry of Civil Aviation has designated Delhi International Airport as major hub for import and distribution of COVID19 related medical essentials. A 3800 sq mt dedicated distribution facility has been made operational at the airport GMR. Fans Toilets Dont Work UP Doctors Release Videos Government Acts. Learning from the past to create a better future. Karnataka eases lockdown 2.0 restrictions starting today Bengaluru News Times of India. H1B visa card holders exempted from Trumps immigration ban. Food And Immunity During Covid19. Explained by Amrita Kotak. Stayhome. Udupi Inching closer to becoming a Corona free State.. Finally our Indian Govt got up from coffin details in comments. No PPE for Junior doctors in West Bengal Govt playing with fire.. From coronavirus outbreak to till now one month analysis by vinod dua from HW news in Hindi. From Corona virus to till now one month analysis by vinod dua from HW NEWS in Hindi https//youtu.be/Q8ZwcV678bo. Heres how people of delhi are preoaring meals for the poor and migrant workers..there are 13 centres like this under one name and its been happening ever since the lock down started. COVID19 lockdown Policeman injured in Aligarh vegetable market. Maharashtra Covid19 doubling rate down to 7 days 14 hotspots now down to 5 Minister. As People Stay Home Air Pollution In North India At 20Year Low NASA. Thane Man Allegedly Refuses To Take Delivery From Muslim Man Arrested. Govt plans to test whether ashwagandha mulethi guduchi will help fight Covid19. Wrong data interpretation by propagandists amp majority media coverage on Modi being most popular leader during COVID19. Death toll due to COVID19 climbs to 681 number of cases rise to 21393. Indias frontline workers are at risk and its not just from COVID19. Viruses What are they and what do they do. Bill Gates writes to PM Modi commends his leadership in dealing with Covid19. Coronavirus numbers explained Gujarat triples its cases in one week deaths also rise by almost three times. Top Coronavirus Questions Answered Is it ALLERGIES or COVID19. Now a new strategy to prevent Gujarat from becoming number one in Coronas positive case . Interesting case study Kasaragod Kerala How this urban district population 54172 used Test Trace Isolate Treat method to flatten Coronovirus and be successful at it. India suspends coronavirus antibody tests after questions over reliability. By September India could have 111 crore Covid19 cases CDDEP. PM Imran Khan s reports for coronavirus.  19 . COVID19 Ordinance for Attacks on Health Workers Presumes Guilt of Accused. Coronavirus lockdown Most sectors will be open by May 3 says Principal Economic Adviser. JDC organization helping Hindus in sindh: [removed]. Nurse shares stepbystep instructions for making mask with up to 99.5 filtration efficiency. Nurse shares stepbystep instructions for making mask with up to 99.5 filtration efficiency. The Secret Chinese World Domination Project. Deep rot in West Bengal during COVID19 lockdown Mamata Banerjee has good reasons to be so touchy over Centres factfinding attempts. Customers call delivery agent who tested positive Be strong reach out for any help delhi news. The doctor who charged just Rs 2 Kurnool bids farewell to COVID19 victim Dr Ismail. GoI will contact citizens via mobile from the number 1921 and conduct telephonic survey regarding COVID19. What explains the low coronavirus numbers in poor densely populated South Asia. Commend Your Leadership Bill Gates Writes To PM Modi On Coronavirus Fight. Dumped by Mumbais upper middle and middle class domestic workers survive on charity to stay afloat during COVID19 lockdown Firstpost. Karnataka government has decided to partially ease lockdown restrictions in the state to allow IT and ITeS companies to reopen offices with essential minimum staff from Thursday onwards.. The Indian capital New Delhi which frequently tops the worlds most polluted city lists saw a 60 reduction in PM2.5 levels from March 23 to April 13 from the same period in 2019.. India to test 100yrold vaccine on humans as war against Covid19 heats up. Infect Everyone How Herd Immunity Could Work for Poor Countries: [deleted]. Sale for Charity Selling this painting I made a couple of months back to raise funds for the Drive The Driver initiative by the Ola Foundation which is helping cab auto and kaalipeeli drivers whose livelihood has been hit by Coronavirus outbreak . DM me on IG ankitkapoor96 if interested.. SALE FOR CHARITY Selling this painting I made a couple of months back to raise funds for the DriveTheDriver initiative by the Ola Foundation which is helping cab auto and kaalipeeli drivers whose livelihood has been hit by Coronavirus outbreak . DM me on IG ankitkapoor96 if interested.. Commend your leadership Bill Gates lauds Modi govts efforts in dealing with COVID19. must watch video .. this is what we should be doing .. awesome. India says infection growth rate has slowed down after lockdown. Aarogya Setu will include telemedicine greater personalisation may act as building block for India Health Stack. Stay safe Mumbai: [deleted]. Can anybody verify this video by a Professor about his claims on how Plasma Activated Water PWA can help prevent Covid19.. How India turned Covid19 crisis into outsized global outreach exercise. 3 more deaths toll climbs to 15 Will ramp up rapid testing soon. Baby dies from coronavirus in Telangana but all primary contacts test negative. West Bengal Chief Secretary bans Mobile phones in COVID19 Hospitals after a video emerged showing unhealthy and unhygienic conditions in a Govt. hospital in Kolkata.: West Bengal govt. has proved itself to be incompetent in controlling the pandemic in the state in every possible way. It has regularly tried to protest center involvement when they didnt comply with the IMCT teams just because the state govt. was not informed beforehand. Only after Ajay Bhalla Home Secretary sent a notice to the chief secretary of state did the state govt. agree to cooperate. [Notice]https//imgur.com/a/9jxmCY3 Now The chief secretary of state banned use of mobile phone in hospitals just after a video from inside of a hospital in Kolkata was shared by Babul Supriyo. [Video]https//twitter.com/SuPriyoBabul/status/1252211460941340672s20 Now for some statsONLY 415 424 amp 713 samples were tested on the last three days. Infection rate among the tested can be averaged to almost 6.18 i.e out of 100 people tested almost 6 to 7 persons test positive. And we must not forget these 6k tests have been done in a state of 91 million people. Mamata Banerjees govt. is putting its people in a great deal of risk and if It doesnt start taking some serious action instead of throwing blames on the central govt We might really be sitting on a coronavirus time bomb [reference]https//www.sundayguardianlive.com/news/bengalsittingcoronavirustimebomb. ampx200B Some other reltd articles. Chief Secretary of state says outsiders cant guide us. referring to the teams sent by center to assess the situation in bengal [https//www.telegraphindia.com/states/westbengal/coronavirusoutbreakoutsiderscantguideussaysrajivasinha/cid/1767002]https//www.telegraphindia.com/states/westbengal/coronavirusoutbreakoutsiderscantguideussaysrajivasinha/cid/1767002 Also another tweet by Babul Supriyo alleging the person who shot the above video was arrested after he was released from hospital today.https//twitter.com/SuPriyoBabul/status/1252828771826065410s20 \stay\home \stay\safe. Commend your leadership Bill Gates lauds Modi govts efforts to flatten Covid curve. Coronavirus Govt tells SC onethird of migrant workers could be infected. Delhi begins plasma therapy trials for critical Covid19 patients. The trial is being conducted in collaboration with the Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences which will be processing the blood to derive plasma and store it.. Bid by BECIL Under Ministry Of Information and Broadcasting to procure Covid patient tracking tool. The kind and amount of tracking the tool would do is just crazy. We cannot allow the state to gain unfettered access to our private life. PM Narendra Modi ranked top among global leaders in fight against Covid19 JP Nadda. Modis approval rating improves as Covid outbreak continues.. The doctor who charged just Rs 2 Kurnool bids farewell to COVID19 victim Dr Ismail. Police Rocks: Saluteeeee Processing img 3vs0ij24edu41.... Coronavirus Spreads To 430 Districts 6 Cities Account For 45 Cases..  prize . A Nobel Laureate Said the New Coronavirus Was Made in a Lab. Hes Wrong. The Wire Science. Download to play at the quarantine. Herd Immunity concept might work for young countries like India according to researchers.. Herd immunity concept can work for young countries like India according to researchers.. Dumped by Mumbais upper middle and middle class domestic workers survive on charity to stay afloat during COVID19 lockdown. India coronavirus Rapid testing paused over China kit issues. Facebooks 5.7bn bet on Indias richest man Mukesh Ambani. Do You Know 60 Some Positive Stories of Past Week to Take Your Mind of the Gloominess Part 4 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Why Modis India wont join US France and other nations in blaming China for Covid just yet. Wow .. must watch .. totally nails it . A fivemember Central team has projected that the number of COVID19 cases in Mumbai will touch an estimated 42604 by April 30 and spiral to 656407 by May 15.. Payment of minimum wages to migrant workers SC leaves decision to Centre. Covid19 cases in India rise to near 20000. Zomato mandates all delivery partners to use Aarogya Setu. Indias coronavirus crisis hits countrys farmers and food supplies. Indian Embassies undertake herculean task of community outreach. COVID19 cases rise to 2272 in Gujarat death toll reaches 95. Ahmed Patel questions criteria for sending central teams to states asks Amit Shah to send team to Gujarat. DIGITAL WAY TO COMBAT SUFFERINGS OF LOCKDOWN. MHRD SAMADHAN CHALLENGE BY GOVERNMENT OF INDIA.. Covid19 crisis started with virus propagated by government Bajaj Auto chief criticises lockdown. Aviation ministry HQ to be sealed after staffer tests Covid19 positive. Tablighi Jamaat attendees from Tamil Nadu come forward to donate plasma for COVID19 treatment. PSA Oscar winning documentary film Period. End of Sentence is viewable on YouTube for free now: Netflix Releases 10 Documentary Films and Series for Free on YouTube https//variety.com/2020/digital/news/netflixfreestreaming10documentaryfilmsandseriesyoutube1234583317/ gt Netflix has unlocked a selection of educational documentary films and series available now for free on YouTube saying its a way to help teachers and students during the COVID19 quarantine. gt Period. End of Sentence. Short Film Director Rayka Zehtabchi tells the story of women in a rural village outside Delhi India who learn to manufacture and market their own sanitary pads. About the film https//www.news18.com/news/movies/periodendofsentencereviewthisnetflixdocumentaryisaspirationalinprincipleimpactfulingeneral2034769.html gt Rayka Zehtabchis short directorial is aimed at unwrapping stigma fear insecurity ignorance and bad education inherent in a womans life. Her toola humble looking sanitary pad. The film opens inside a room two girls in their adolescent years shying away when asked to talk about menstruation. gt As is revealed we all know of it but we dont talk about it. Menstruation is the biggest taboo in India points out Arunachalam Murauganantham the social activist from Coimbatore who is leading the crusade of making India into a 100 per cent sanitary napkin using country. gt We meet characters that champion the filmmakers cause. We are introduced to Sneha Rekha Shabana and other unnamed heroes of the film that are entrepreneurial selfsufficient smart and empathetic. Here they are not dealing with issues limited only to their village but are shouting out at the ones that are much bigger than them. Link to the film https//www.youtube.com/watchvLrm2pD0qofM. Goan Seafarers on Discovery Ship final cry for help to the Goa Govt to take them home now. What is it like to live in a sealed building. Lockdown scenes in Kurnool Andhra Pradesh which already has around 203 cases so far.. Rajiv Bajaj Everybody in the age group 2060 should be allowed to get along with their normal daily routine: [removed]. Indias Response to COVID19: [removed]. Indias response to COVID19: I wrote this article on the current crisis. Do give it a read. Mumbai Hospital Issues Notice To Docs On Strike Demanding Safety Kits Asks Them To Return To Work. Outstanding photography by S.L. Shanth Kumar of the timesofindia on what the theoretical concept of social distancing means in Asias biggest slum Dharavi in Bombay where over 10 lakh people are squeezed into a 2.5 sq km area. Coronavirus. A liteweight Covid Tracker for slower networks. Coronavirus lockdown Brothers in Kolar sell their land to feed people. Death was cheap in India till coronavirus arrived. Do You Know 59 WOMEN WITH COVID19 CAN KNOW RIGHT FOR CHILDBIRTH 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Aligarh Shopkeepers pelt stones on cops who attempted to enforce lockdown.. Indian Medical Association IMA withdraws their protest after their meeting with Union Home Minister Amit Shah and Union Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan via videoconferencing today.. COVID19 Doctors in Aligarh buy PPE worth Rs 1 lakh after raising funds[Old]. After Aligarhs first death AMU doctor suspended. South Korean firm starts producing Covid19 rapid test kits in India on mass scale after China ones found faulty. SD Biosensor which started production from its Haryana facility with a capacity to churn out five lakh kits aims to scale up production in the coming weeks to meet the growing demand. Two NE residents tortured in police station for 15 hours. 27 employees of Chennaibased news channel Sathiyam TV test positive for coronavirus. Sitting upon a volcano Doctors in Bengal ring the alarm bell over states low testing numbers. ASHA Worker Threatened in Mysuru after Asking Residents to Practise Social Distancing 3 Men Booked. Mumbai Labourer dies after returning home in Dongri friend says cops beat him for flouting lockdown. Should Journalists Be Out Covering Stories During Pandemic: [removed]. In this earth day we have to knock down the COVID19. The greatest compassion is the prevention of human suffering through patience alertness courage and kindness. Happy earth day. Stay Home and stay safe.. [Showerthoughts] Is it just me or someone else also thinks that Namaste Trump event on 24th Feb could be the reason of Ahmedabad current Covid19 situation.: What the hell our beloved leaders were thinking while gathering lakhs of people in Ahmedabad including a bunch of foreigners and that was when the whole world was suffering due to coronavirus.. Coronavirus epidemic could peak in India by midMay Study. Delhi Union HM Amit Shah amp Union Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan interacted with Indian Medical Association doctors through video conferencing today. HM assured them security amp appealed to them to not to do even symbolic protest as proposed by them govt is with them.. Covidiots Arrested and Paraded for Making TikTok Video Mocking Mumbai Police. This 98YearOld Corona Warrior From Punjab Stitches Masks For The Needy. Context is king. UP doctor involved in survey of Tablighi Jamat members succumbs to COVID19. How effective is baba ramdevs herbal sanitizer: [removed]. An honest question needing an honest answer. Would you leave: Ok so when the Covid19 infections in India are adding up by 1500 cases per day and expected to even grow further and also not knowing what exactly will happen post 3rd May and how things will pan out after that in relation to Indias preparedness infrastructure hospitals etc if you had the option to leave the country would you do that I know this depends if you have direct family members in India or most or all of your family members live abroad. What do expats do in this case Just curious to know what people think. India 17th nation to hit 20000 Covid19 cases death toll crosses 600. Covid 19 Lockdown Grocery Stores Timings and social distancing: What crazy person has made the rules regarding store timings in Pune MH Why are they closed for majority of the time through out the day If stores are open only for short times that would only make social distancing worse as more people would be forced to go out at the same time STORES SHOULD BE OPEN 24HOURS Or at least longer hours than usual. That way less people will be present at any given time. Like everywhere in the world more people have been employed for deliverers and stores are open for MORE HOURS. Doctors Vs Coronavirus Whos winning Analysis by Akash Banerjee on The Deshbhakt. COVID19 50 lakh compensation if any Odisha healthcare staff dies. Woman Cop at Maharashtra CMs Official Residence Tests Positive for Coronavirus. Please help Im going insane When will this lockdown end: Im being serious this lockdown is taking a mental health toll on me and because of this its affecting my bipolar disorder even more severely. I want to get legit news that will the lockdown really end on 3 May or get extended again Im in Gurgaon Sohna. Please take care and stay safe. Covid 19 tracker: [removed]. She is a mother: [removed]. Rajiv Bajaj Everybody in the middle group i.e. 20 60 should be allowed to get along with their normal daily routine.: [removed]. Free tutoring for those inneed during the coronavirus pandemic: [removed]. DelhiNoida border completely closed till further orders. SSLC exam schedule will be announced after lockdown School Education Minister. Karnataka SSLC Exam 2020 not cancelled Confirmes state education minister. covid19 spread all over the world infographics. What is Epidemic Disease Act 1897 and why India Invoked it. Coronavirus testing delayed after kits found to be contaminated by Covid19. Bengal Centre clash over central teams visit TMC calls it adventure tourism. ICMR directly procured faulty COVID19 testing kits from Chinese vendors. 20 Cops Injured in Clash with Locals in Bengal over Alleged Bid to Dispose of Coronavirus Patients Body. Where are you guys from if staying out of India how is the lockdown impacting your work and lifestyle.: This is for a statistical project to be submitted in college it would be great if you explained your problems and positives as well. If in India please share your experience and which state yall are from. Thanks [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g5klu0. India records lowest crude oil production in at least 18 years. Zoom video call troll: [removed]. ICMR directly procured faulty Covid19 testing kits from Chinese vendors. Few days before the lockdown Delhi Metro. WWE 2K CUSTOM STORY INDIA NEWS John cena BECOMES A JOURNALIST PART 1 . COVID19 After West Bengal now Rajasthan to return faulty test kits from China News. Amid COVID19 a hasty govt and regional media spark vandalism in Bluru. Facebook launches Fundraisers in India expands partnerships with state governments for WhatsApp and Messenger helplines: [removed]. We have just touched 20000 cases and at the current rate we will be 30K cases plus by the time lockdown ends.: At this stage the exponential growth kicks in for most countries. Safe to safe things arent looking good at all now. Indian origin doctor Ms. Uma Madhusudhan is honoured with a parade for her commendable service in South Windsor USA. Coronavirus Muslim COVID19 victim denied burial cremated in Mumbai. Why does India have so few coronavirus/Covid19 cases and deaths. Muslim fruit seller apologizing. Indias Covid19 R0 down to 1.36 now 25000 cases by Aprilend at this rate IMS scientist. H1B holders are you worried about a possible US immigration ban: My name is Kai Schultz. Im a journalist with The New York Times based in New Delhi. Are you an Indian citizen currently on an H1B or other residency/work visa If so I would like to hear from you about how a possible Trumpadministration ban on immigration could impact you. Im at [kai.schultznytimes.com]mailtokai.schultznytimes.com Thanks. 12year old girl dies after walking for three days to go home. After the lock down ends. How a small Indian state flattened the coronavirus curve Oommen C Kurian Opinion. Now that the world has spotted Hindutva bigotry Modi insists that coronavirus doesnt see religion. Maharashtra Govt revokes lockdown relaxations amp exemptions for Mumbai amp Pune regions as people are not behaving responsibly. Rest of the parts of the State to continue to have partial exemptions Maharashtra Chief Ministers Office. Maha Govt revokes lock down exemptions from Mumbai and Pune. How 300 Indian scientists are fighting fake news about COVID19. Maharashtra Govt revokes lockdown relaxations amp exemptions for Mumbai amp Pune regions as people are not behaving responsibly. Rest of the parts of the State to continue to have partial exemptions Maharashtra Chief Ministers Office. I drove the ambulance myself I dug the grave myself I put mud on his body because we had no shovels.Dr Pradeep Kumar on burying his friend Dr Simon as a mob assaulted him. I was terrified but I couldnt leave my friend there. Tablighi Jamaats mass gatherings across Asia sparks Coronavirus clusters. Coronavirus 25 staff members of Pune hospital test positive quarantined. 20 Cops Injured in Clash with Locals in Bengal over Alleged Bid to Dispose of Coronavirus Patients Body. Covid19 Rahul Gandhi condemns Centre for its decision to use rice to make sanitisers. Twitter LinkedIn list Reliances coronavirus response among top work resonating most. Number of COVID19 cases after 80 days of first case. Is Muslim communities are blame for spreading corona virus in IndiaThat is because after several videos out where jamaati Muslims are not cooperate with doctor. Many Muslim tik tok user make video to spread corona or not taking corona seriously.. Comparing 80 days of Covid19 cases in India and the world. ICMR to scale up COVID19 testing facilities in labs Targets one lakh tests per day by end of next month. Need Help: I am living in a PG and they are changing the property manager. So we asked the supervisior do you have the Covid19 test report of new manager. He told me that he dont have the report but we know that he is not having corona. I told the supervisor that we the property members wont allow him until he doesnt test himself. The supervisor is telling us that do whatever you want to do but the new property would come to the property. So should we call the police. 5 things you can do to help fight Covid19. Stay Home Stay Safe Stay Home Save Lives VaultUP Technologies Fight Against Corona. Coronavirus Gender Disparity Revealed Mens Testicles Responsible For Their Increased Risk of Getting COVID19 Infection. Jamaat attendees in Tamil Nadu who recovered from COVID19 want to donate plasma. No Possiblity To Extend Lockdown After May 3Exit Plan To Be Discussed In Group of Ministers Meeting. From a user of a hoarding in Surat. SHORT FILM ON BEING KINDNESS StortFilm NDLI 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . COVID19 pandemic leads to boycottChina sentiment nationalist upswing says Delhi University study. 19 [M] reposting an update [i am fucked literally amid lockdown]: [removed]. What the world can learn from Kerala about how to fight covid19. UP Migrants Family Holds His Last Rites With Straw Dummy Amid Lockdown. Different indian citizen of different religions came together to give a tribute to all the doctors and health workers.. Plasma therapy Do we finally have treatment for coronavirus disease. Cash to the poor is good but will they be able to access it safely from banks. Do You Know 58 Smokers Might Just Be At A Higher Risk During COVID19 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . First Coronavirus patient to receive plasma therapy recovers and taken off ventilator Delhi hospital. Family member stuck in India: Looking for advice Hi guys my grandma is an NZ citizen and she is stuck in India right now. She is on a tourist visa which is only valid for 90 days and is due to expire in the first week of May. We tried contacting the NZ embassy and got told to contact the nearest FRRO in India. I applied for a visa extension but they closed the file and stated that I have to apply for extension only two days before her visa is to expire. Is this even safe What happens if they refuse to extend the visa etc I dont understand this process. If anyone is or has been in a similar situation please help. We have tried calling the Indian Embassy and also the FRRO office and no one actually gives any answer.. What is the Tablighi Jamaats role in the COVID19 spread. Rajasthan ceases use of rapid testing kits as most results invalid. Health Minister Raghu Sharma said the kits were giving mere five per cent correct or valid results and a report has been forwarded to the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR in this regard.. Press Trust of India on Twitter ICMR advises all states not to use new rapid antibody test for COVID19 for two days says it will investigate issue of faulty kits. What happened in Super market. Corona virus transmission. Video source Internet. COVID19 NoteWarning for couples Singles do not ignore but you can help by sharing this with others which will be your greatest contribution.: As we all know how people are suffering through Coronavirus it is advisable for every couple to use protection during SEX and do not take even 1 of RISK by having birth control pills or any other method like pull out right before climax. Nobody of us knows till when everything will be normal so getting into pregnancy will be risky for not just mother and child but someone who needs to take of the mother will face too many difficulties to avail proper treatments/routine checkups during this situation when all countys health care team is busy in saving this world from COVID19. Ladies who are already having pregnancy or families who have an infant knows how difficult it is to get proper treatment routine checkups and reach the hospital at this time. If you really care about your Family Doctors and Nation do not take this lightly. This is the first time that you are getting a chance that your action of using protection during sex will be considered as a contribution of yours for well being of humankind . Let doctors focus on emergency cases and save your loved ones from getting into trouble. Stay Home Stay safe Improve your skillsets Help the NGOs and Government Do whatever which is possibly the right thing to do during this time Yours Sincerely A Couple who generally dont like to use protection but do care so started using protection Note Dont be shy to pass this message. In case you are from a NonEnglish speaking country please translate this message into your local language and share it with others.. COVID19 NoteWarning for couples . Singles do not ignore but you can help by sharing this with others which will be your greatest contribution: As we all know how people are suffering through Coronavirus it is advisable for every couple to use protection during SEX and do not take even 1 of RISK by having birth control pills or any other method like pull out right before climax. Nobody of us knows till when everything will be normal so getting into pregnancy will be risky for not just mother and child but someone who needs to take of the mother will face too many difficulties to avail proper treatments/routine checkups during this situation when all countys health care team is busy in saving this world from COVID19. Ladies who are already having pregnancy or families who have an infant knows how difficult it is to get proper treatment routine checkups and reach the hospital at this time. If you really care about your Family Doctors and Nation do not take this lightly. This is the first time that you are getting a chance that your action of using protection during sex will be considered as a contribution of yours for well being of humankind . Let doctors focus on emergency cases and save your loved ones from getting into trouble. Stay Home Stay safe Improve your skillsets Help the NGOs and Government Do whatever which is possibly the right thing to do during this time Yours Sincerely A Couple who generally dont like to use protection but do care so started using protection Note Dont be shy to pass this message. In case you are from a NonEnglish speaking country please translate this message into your local language and share it with others.. Small window to buy ration spurs mad rush in Pune Pune News Times of India. Industry bodies ask Goa to pay pvt sector salaries for lockdown period Goa News Times of India. Shocking Policeman on lockdown bandobast thrashes minor boy in Surat City Times of India Videos. Coronavirus in Tamil Nadu I consider doctors and field workers equivalent to God and my govt stands with them CM says Chennai News Times of India. Paying salaries in June will be difficult says Assam minister Himanta Biswa Sarma Guwahati News Times of India. COVID19 cases curve is not flattening in india. Which states are worstly handling the coronavirus pandemic in india: [removed]. Which states are worstly handling the coronavirus pandemic in india: Question on Quora Which states are worstly handling the coronavirus pandemic in india https//www.quora.com/Whichstatesareworstlyhandlingthecoronaviruspandemicinindiach99ampshare52026c1bampsriduEYba. Which states are worstly handling the coronavirus pandemic in india: Question on Quora Which states are worstly handling the coronavirus pandemic in india https//www.quora.com/Whichstatesareworstlyhandlingthecoronaviruspandemicinindiach99ampshare52026c1bampsriduEYba. Which states are worstly handling the coronavirus pandemic in india. My friend made it for himself family and friends for everyday use after he found that most similar dashboards are overwhelmed and not all work correctly on mobile devices . COVID19 How the Kannada Electronic Media Is Baying for Blood. m confident we will win this battle soon Indore will emerge as a model Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Coronavirus cases are not decreasing: From 13th april the number have been around 1000 only. [Extremely cool graph.]https//preview.redd.it/uv4lrt62z4u41.pngwidth603ampformatpngampautowebpampsa65777c6c233424ff673282c23edf23ab8fe7aab The numbers dont seem to be decreasing. Nor they are increasing dramatically. Both facts somewhat concern me they should be decreasing right we enforced lockdown to decrease spread. And we are planning on opening lockdowns when the numbers have not even started their downward trend Also why the numbers are not increasing Is it because we are doing really less testing and the numbers that should be caught are not being caught. If we have the capacity to do more testing we would end up catching more people with the virus Given our lockdown is not the most strictly enforced lockdown the spread will keep happening. Argh sometimes the situation seems quite hopeless / Thanks to everyone out there working to keep everyone safe. Not all heroes wear a cape. Thanks..  59 14 . You helped foreigners now let migrant workers go home Gehlot to PM Modi india news. RONIT ROY Teaches How To Make Mask Using Your TShirt Amazing . What is Antibody test Antibody Test for Coronavirus. RONIT ROY Teaches How To Make Mask Using Your TShirt Amazing MUST WATCH. Changes in growth rate of Active cases: 1 Cases growing at higher speed Singapore Saudi Arabia Qatar Pakistan Mexico Ecuador amp Spain. 2 Slowing down India Ireland Israel Japan Turkey Indonesia UAE Philippines... 3 Brazil V large fluctuations. Bad data. [Source]https//twitter.com/ShamikaRavi/status/1252433219057676290s19. Changes in growth rate of Active cases: 1 Cases growing at higher speed Singapore Saudi Arabia Qatar Pakistan Mexico Ecuador amp Spain. 2 Slowing down India Ireland Israel Japan Turkey Indonesia UAE Philippines... 3 Brazil V large fluctuations. Bad data. [Source ]https//t.co/9fA4i4Ydel. Doctors seem to be having a much harder time in this situation. Maharashtra news At 12 Maharashtras low recovery rate is intriguing say health experts India News Times of India. Covid19 Factoid Death toll in India is doubling at same rate as in the US. Andh Bhakts..... A hard lockdown may reduce Indias coronavirus cases by 40only if social distancing continues. 6070 cases of COVID19 are asymptomatic...: Since there are no symptoms in people how can you test and trace such people and How will somebody know if he needs to gets tested himself Also. How feasible is to open lockdown in situation like this when there is no vaccine available coz this will only worsen the situation. 27 employees of a television channel test positive for Coronavirus in Chennai. The channel has now been shut after mass detection.. Coronavirus LIVE updates India cases rise to 18658 death toll nears 600. Changes in growth rate of Active cases 1 Cases growing at higher speed Singapore Saudi Arabia Qatar Pakistan Mexico Ecuador amp Spain. 2 Slowing down India Ireland Israel Japan Turkey Indonesia UAE Philippines... 3 Brazil V large fluctuations. Bad data. https//t.co/9fA4i4Ydel. Incredible interview with Yuval Noah Harari author of Sapiens where he talks about the Indian response to the Coronavirus and the atmosphere of hatred and bigotry. Govt preparing for a second wave towards May end as lockdown eases. How Evil people can be No morals. Left Jobless After Lockdown 12yrold Walks from Telangana to Chhattisgarh Dies Barely 11 km from Home. 20 Bengal Cops Injured In Clash With Locals Over COVID19 Victims Burial. Lockdown forced us to cut our own hair . 19 Tablighi Jamaat attendees arrested from Prayagraj 12 others charged for housing Jamaatees:  http//dhunt.in/9lr1nsaampsspd. 10 of 13 Covid19 positive cases in Odisha has Bengal connect alert sounded With more and more people from Bengal entering Odisha the police chief will visit the OdishaBengal border on Tuesday to oversee the police arrangements.. In Mumbai 53 journalists found to be Covid19 positive. Covid hasnt gone viral in India yet but some in the world amp at home cant accept the truth. 12YearOld Walks 3 Days Amid Lockdown Dies Just An Hour From Home. How TN has gone from low testing to highest number of tests in south As of April 19 the state has tested 40876 samples belonging to 35741 persons making it the highest total tested among the southern states.. Thank Doctors Kerala Is Safer Italian Tourist After COVID19 Recovery. PROBLEMS OF ONLINE CLASSES: [removed]. Home ministrys lockdown clause makes firms nervous about getting back to work:  Industry leaders want to urgently resume operations as the lockdown has been eased but they are terrified by a clause in the home ministrys guidelines that can send anybody from the chief executive to the worker to jail if there is any violation of measures to contain the spread of Covid19.. Home ministrys lockdown clause makes firms nervous about getting back to work. Bengaluru Woman Reports Husband After He Stops Showering and Demands Sex During Lockdown. A majority of Jaipurs Covid19 cases have links to Ramganj superspreader Collector. Cartoon by Hemant Morparia. Bangalore CORONA Hotspots Areas: Bengaluru COVID19 Hotspot List Get complete List of Bangalore Containment Zones To help keep citizens updated about the latest development on the topic of COVID19 spread in the Bangalore city the Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike BBMP has also idenfied Bengaluru COVID19 Hotspot within its jurisdictional limits. According to the list released by BBMC a total of 38 wards from Bangalore have been declared as containment zone for COVID19. These include 1. Adugodi 2. Aramane Nagar 3. Bapuji Nagar sealed 4. Begur 5. Byatarayanapura 6. CV Raman Nagar 7. Chikkalasandra 8. Chinnasandra 9. Domlur 10.Garudachar Palya 11.Goruguntepalya 12.HSR Layout 13. Hoodi 14. Hemmigepura 15.Hombegowda Nagar 16.Hoysala Nagar 17.Horamavu 18.JC Nagar 19.JP Nagar 20.Jnana Bharathi 21.Katriguppe 22.Konanakunte 23.Madiwala 24.Malleshwaram 25.Maruthi Seva Nagar 26.Nagapura 27.Padarayanapura sealed 28.Radhakrishna Temple 29.Rajarajeshwari Nagar 30.Ramaswamy Palya 31.Sampangiramanagar 32.Sanjaynagar 33.Shakambari Nagar 34.Suddaguntepalya 35.Sudhama Nagar 36.Thanisandra 37.VV Puram 38.Vasanth Nagar Its advisable to avoid going to these areas even if lockdown ends. Whats your opinion [SOURCE]https//m.jagranjosh.com/currentaffairs/coronavirushotspotsinkarnatakaandbengalurumysururedzonelistgetcompletelistofcontainmentzoneshere15873642931. AYUSH ministry self care during covid19. Covid19 positive woman spends 30Hrs at KEM hospital parking lot.. Since the PM Cares fund is a scam to earn moeny we should form our own fund to help those in need: I didnt donate a single amount to PM cares fund. I do not want to pay to a leader who does not know humanity. But that being said we should kake our own fund to help the doctors daily wagers and the poor people that our PM does not care about. I do not know how to make a funding website to donate money. But someone should collect the money and give it to Missionaries of Charity or other NGOs to help them. So where should we start Since we have so many members I guess we should donate at least 11crs in total. Help the people. Jay Hind. With HIV we had protection. What to do now Covid lockdown takes toll on Indias red light areas. Doctors Body Warns Retaliatory Measures On Attacks Against Health Staff.  . One COVID19 positive case found in Rashtrapati Bhavan 125 families advised to remain in selfisolation as mandated by the Health Ministrys guidelines as a precautionary measure Sources. SOS of sorts from this kid around 8 hours ago has anyone been able to get in contact with him. SOS of sorts from this kid around 8 hours ago has anyone been able to get in contact with him. Should we poison our kids Indore daily wagers complain of sparse erratic food supply. Dental Consultation Fee in Lockdown rises to INR 2000/ onward. Read and Comment. Over 50 journalists test positive for coronavirus in Mumbai. Maharashtra health minister says alcohol shops should be allowed to function if social distancing guidelines are followed.. Coronavirus Proof Greetings. coronavirus 80 positive cases show no or mild symptoms says govt India News Times of India. Please dont be an idiot and wear a mask.. NICED admits testing kits have problem in West Bengal. Indias COVID19 Cooperation With the Middle East. Stumbled across my Moms hidden treasure stash.. Corona has now infected HCV.... Do You Know 57 IS INDIA TESTING ENOUGH DATA SUGGEST THIS 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Manila and Mumbai beat Tokyo at social distancing Apple data shows. A successful plasma therapy in Delhi but doctors still being careful as they should be.. Exactly. Liquor shops can remain open in state [Maharashtra] with social distancing.. 19[M] i am fucked literally amid lockdown: Back story I work at a wholesale shop in my city I am a marvadi and I was going to Rajasthan on 22nd march left that place on 20th march for my mama moms brother and after that there was a lockdown for 21 days my mama said stay here till this lockdown ends fast forward yesterday my mama is out off Money for his booze he said give me money or gtfo I did not have money so I went to my work place I asked the owner he was cool we have rooms for workers on the 2nd floor I got there and the my coworkers said you have been out for a month and we wont let you stay with us maybe you have virus and we dont want to get infected and my I am literally sleeping on the footpath what can I do. Impact Of Covid 19 On Indian Economy. Indians appealing to PM Modi to return back to their homeland. Help us save lives during COVID19 Lockdown: [removed]. Medical College Kolkata is now a corona hotspot due to incompetent authority. Govt is busy ignoring junior doctors.. Chennai Neurosurgeon dies of Covid19 mob attacks hearse tries to stop burial. FAQ Is Lockdown Relaxed In My State What Rules Apply From Today. India Localized coronavirus accurate tracker with interactive charts: [removed]. Kerala Several test positive after quarantine for four weeks. As per the World Health Organisation WHO the incubation period ranges from one to 14 days in most cases and symptoms commonly appear around five days later.. Indias coronavirus health claims factchecked. Rate at which coronavirus cases doubling in India slows to 7.5 days Health ministry India News Times of India. Please allow us to return Indians stuck in the UAE during COVID19 pandemic appeal to Modi: [removed]. Cartoon by Hemant Morparia. India under lockdown Migrant labourer pedals 1700 km in 7 days to reach home. MLA of TWard in Mumbai is doing daily drone surveillance and busting privileged folk violating quarantine rules instead of busting poor people.. What are the chances of the lockdown ending on the 3rd of May How long could the lockdown be extended for: [removed]. When will colleges open in india : After 3 may or after may . India Tries To Hire 227 Epidemiologists In The Middle Of COVID19 Pandemic. A 45dayold becomes the youngest in India to die of Coronavirus. Read this New Book on Corona Virus and its effect on Economy and what we can do: It helped me a lot to read this book It gives new ideas also what strategies we can all do individually. And what our politicians should do now LEts make his our movement and share now [https//www.kobo.com/de/de/ebook/thecoronaeconomy]https//www.kobo.com/de/de/ebook/thecoronaeconomy. 5 out of 6 Covid positive cases today in Kerala are overseas returnees. Last international flight to Kerala was on March 22. Thats about 29 days. Perplexing.: Most new ve cases in Kerala are overseas returnees. This needs more investigation. The 14 day incubation period needs to be reevaluated. Source https//mobile.twitter.com/pendown/status/1252215021267910661. Experts criticise Indias endorsement for use of hydroxychloroquine on Covid19 patients. Dr Bhagyaraj on violence around COVID19 victim Dr Simons burial [w/ Eng Subs]. At least 53 journalists in Mumbai test positive for coronavirus says BMC. Coronavirus History How did the Outbreak Started. Rajasthan 430 doctors nurses in isolation no patient on ventilator 15th April 20. IMA warns of White Alert Black Day over violence against doctors india news. Over 100 people arrested nothing communal in this says Uddhav Thackeray on Palghar incident. Over 100 people arrested nothing communal in this says Uddhav Thackeray on Palghar incident. Video of currency notes in Indore falsely viral as Muslim conspiracy to spread coronavirus. Home made face mask to protect from Coronavirus COVID19. COVID19 outbreak Joblessness rate triples to over 20. Covid19 Delhi paid the price of markaz incident says chief minister Kejriwal. Pray at home during Ramzan Telangana announces strict ban on religious gatherings. The fasting month of Ramzan commences from April 25 and lasts up to May 24.. R0 the reproduction number is used to describe the intensity of an infectious disease outbreak. It is the number of cases on average an infected person will cause during their infectious period. I built a R0 tracker for Indian states based on rt.live by Kevin Systrom. Do check it out. Dr. Bhagyaraj on violence around Covid19 victim Dr. Simons burial. Covid19 Over 50 journalists in Mumbai test positive says municipal corporation. Delhi 31 of extended family test positive for Covid19 in Jahangirpuri. In Chennai doctors burial marred by protests attacks. Mumbais Iconic Ramzan Food Market to be Off Menu for First Time in 250 Years Due to Covid19. India COVID19 lockdown What stays open and what stays shut. What the heck is happening in West Bengal This was posted in facebooks KGP Confessions page.: TLDR A student with COVID19 symptoms roamed over the city traveling 64 km. No tests. No treatments. \2423 To Kgp Junta Need to be anonymous. I dont want to be sent to Gulag. This is important for people living on campus. Are you from West Bengal suffering from fever throat ache and breathing ailments How will you be treated Here lies a chronology of events youll have to face. 1. A student from Baranagar aged 20 is suffering from fever breathing ailment and throat ache. He himself and the family had contacted the local police so that he could be taken to hospital for his COVID 19 test. Throughout the morning his family tried to seek help by dialing the govt helpline but none responded. Anyhow they hired a car and reached Beleghata ID by 12 noon. 2. No help could be done by Beleghata ID as they further referred him to M R Bangur. While writing the reference letter patient name address and phone numbers were deliberately twisted by the officials. On requesting several times by the patient as well as the family members regarding the correction of name pin code and address no heed was paid by the officials. 3. Then the patient was asked to wait at the OPD of Beleghata ID. After waiting for several hours amidst patients coughing sneezing suffering from breathing ailments in open without any physical distance the patient as well as his family asked the police regarding their transportation to Bangur to which the police replied stay quiet you will be taken when the time comes in a harsh tone. 4. An ambulance arrives after almost 1.5 hours they reach Bangur. The ambulance driver drops them at the gate and asks them to find the department by themselves. P. S Please dont judge him on this behavior since he is toiling day and night for patients without any safety of his own. The govt hasnt yet taken the responsibility of people like him. After all he too has a family back at home. 5. On reaching the ward they witnessed the plight of several patients like them. Patients are suffering from breathing problems and eagerly waiting for the doctor to arrive. Patients families are waiting for hours hoping for some treatment the condition is so horrifying that even some people have started losing faith and are crying. In the meantime news arrives that two people from South 24 Parganas have died. On the official documents the cause of death was stated as COVID19. Then and there the documents were changed and the new documents read to heart and lung ailments as the reason for their death. This was witnessed by the 20yearold patient as well as his family. 6. His turn came. I am referred by Beliaghata ID said the patient. An abrupt response from the doctor in charge was We are not here for any extra nonsense. We are here to treat your problems thats all. The boy informed about the symptoms. His temperature was taken. Finally you are fine Have these medicines and get yourself home quarantined . He is still having spasm and throat ache. 7. He was stubborn to have the test done. He realized the vulnerability of returning to his family without tests. Bearing all the pains and troubles he managed to get to know about tests being done in Rajarhat. It is the second campus of Chittaranjan Cancer Hospital as staff includes informed by the Bangur staffs. 8. Reached Rajarhat. He was encountered with five different long queues. One Govt Ambulance has dropped a bunch of people at this place who are asked to get home quarantined. They are waiting for the next commute to come and take them home. It has been hours that they are waiting. Two the queue of those aspiring for a COVID test to be done. No one showed up a face so far 7 in evening. Patients with severe asthma couldnt help but lie on the floor. Three the families of deceased Corona patients sent for government isolation have no clues where to go and stay. This queue staffincludes babies elderly people and so on. However physical distancing is a hoax over this place. 9. They have returned at around 8. He could no more take the hectic schedule at this condition. He is home without test treatment. His parents as well. Both his parents are high BP patients clueless about the coming consequences especially the mother has got a number of more health hazards. They roamed over the city traveling 64 km. No tests. No treatments. This is how Health Service appears during Corona during Pandemic. From Li Wenlings supporter. Out of money 6 foreigners make home inside cave in Rishikesh quarantined. KAUM 19 SPECTRA Corona rap song I saw this on YouTube and thought more people need to listen to this. Truth spoke out in the form of Rap Music. Chennai Locals Pelt Stones at Ambulance Carrying Body of Popular Doctor Who Died Due to Covid19. Food Delivery Work Plummets After News of Pizza Boys COVID19 Infection I The Wire I Pizza Delivery. Coronavirus Updates India Live Gujarat reports 108 new cases state tally reaches 1851 The Economic Times. No food hygiene Doctors at quarantine unit Noida News Times of India. Take the Covid Quiz to test your knowledge on whatsapp itself: [removed]. 53 Journalists test positive for coronavirus in Mumbai. A total of 167 Journalists were tested for Covid19 and BMC health committee members said the number could increase.. Covid19 Landlady in Odisha waives off rent for seven tenants Bhubaneswar News Times of India. Can anyone explain the drop in the number of cases in MP From 100 cases a day to 5 yesterday... How life would be after COVID 19. How Dr Simon who died of COVID19 in Chennai was denied dignity in death. Lockdown Restrictions What Will Be Allowed From Today Know More: [removed]. A burial that was not Chennai doctors last rites see attacks protest amidst coronavirus fears. TIMELINE of FIRST Confirmed Cases by Country or Territory per Region Dec.1 2019 April 16 2020. Lack of post mortem testing may lead to under reporting of deaths linked to covid19. Our legitimate needs for safe workplaces have to be met. Abuse and violence should stop immediately. White Alert to the nation All doctors and hospitals to light a candle at 9pm on 22 April as protest and vigil Indian Medical Association.. Cops order CaveDwelling foreign tourists into quarantine in Rishikesh. The tourists have now been moved to Swarg Ashram where they will be quarantined for 14 days although none have shown coronavirus symptoms.. What will kill more Indians:  [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g4pkr9. India focussed daily newsletter navigating the COVID19 situation Letters About Covid19: Hi. I have been running a daily newsletter about COVID19 for 3 weeks now. I think many in this sub may find it useful as it aggregates news around COVID19 from India and important developments on the disease globally and I send it every weekday on email. You can check out the previous issues here and choose to subscribe if you like [http//lettersaboutcovid19.com/]http//lettersaboutcovid19.com/ I was deliberating on whether I can post it on this sub as it is kind of promoting my own project and I know reddit doesnt like that. But man Ive decided to stop deliberating and post it already. So here you go. I am totally open to making any changes to the newsletter to keep it more impactful to the readers. I spend about 23 hours on this every day. So please feel free to suggest any feedback if you have mainly in terms of the categories types of news stories and suggestions on sources to follow. In addition to the daily newsletter on this project I also curate personal stories from people about life experiences and lessons from during this pandemic which you can check out on the instagram lettersaboutcovid19 . Its pretty interesting. Thank you for reading.. What would kill more people in India : [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g4piwc. India focussed daily newsletter navigating the COVID19 situation lettersaboutcovid19: [removed]. Central government employees report for duty in offices. Does changing MP salaries and MPLAD entitlements raise resources to fight COVID19. Heres what we can learn from the USbased woman who survived Coronavirus and became an inspiration: [removed]. Impact of Lockdown on Government Revenue. Telephone survey shows high understanding of social distancing support for lockdown. With strict protocols in place Goa partially reopens today Goa News Times of India. Chennai Lockdown Relaxation Chennai roads back to normal well almost Chennai News Times of India. Gujarat 1200bed facility may fill up soon Ahmedabad News Times of India. MHA writes to Maharashtra over violations to COVID19 lockdown measures Situation especially serious in Mumbai amp Pune Maharashtra. InterMinisterial Central Teams IMCT to visit Mumbai amp Pune to make onspot assessment of situation issue necessary directions to the State. Yogi Adityanath To Not Attend Fathers Last Rites Due To Lockdown Will Keep Leading UPs Fight Against Covid19. Coronavirus Thanes first PCR lab starts operations Thane News Times of India. Uttar Pradesh CM YogiAdityanaths father passes away. Due to Lockdown CM not to take part in the last rites of his father says he can only visit his home after lockdown.. Lets create a kindness contagion : Hey guys were a bunch of designers from Bengaluru trying to create kindness contagion. We answered a creative brief from UN to help create content for spreading awareness around coronavirus. The theme we chose was Kindness Contagion. In a nutshell the idea is that kindness is contagious and spreads just like the flu. And our small actions inspire others to be kind there are studies to prove that So as a result weve created an instagram page where we want to inspire other people to be kind in their own small ways like donating staying home helping others etc. Weve just created this page and Id like to call upon the randia community to help us give the boost needed. I would request you all to check out the page here https//instagram.com/kindnesscontagionrnametag Once we get enough followers were planning to use our influence to channel donations wherever needed and the final goal would be to publicise public and government donation platforms. Apart from that during the next couple of weeks Well also be sharing some cool creative content from creators all over the world so thats also a plus. Tldr check out the cool instagram page here https//instagram.com/kindnesscontagionrnametag Keep calm and stay home . How the Coronavirus outbreak was blamed on Muslims: This is a news that Im forwarding because Im a Muslim and I love my country and I dont think the mistake of some should bring blame on everyone. The outbreak of COVID19 in India has presented yet another opportunity to launch a fresh attack on the Muslim community. Physical verbal and psychological warfare is being waged against Muslims pushing further their ostracisation in Indian society. Violent attacks on Muslims perceived to be carriers of the virus have been reported from different parts of the country. There have been reports of meetings in gated communities discussing the prohibition on Muslims being allowed in. Elsewhere gangs of youth have been manning the entry points of villages to prevent the entry of Muslims. Muslim vendors have also been asked to stop selling on the streets. There has been a sudden surge in Islamophobic hashtags and posts on different social media platforms accusing Muslims of purposefully spreading the virus. A new term corona jihad has been coined to describe this conspiracy. Videos showing Muslims spitting on vegetables and fruit licking plates and smearing surfaces with their saliva are being circulated widely. It all started when news spread that people who had attended a large gathering of Tablighi Jamaat a Muslim missionary movement at its premises in New Delhi had tested positive for the novel coronavirus. People travelled from outside India to attend this event and it is suspected that they may have introduced the virus into the congregation.. All areas in Pune and PimpriChinchwad to be sealed till April 27. Bengaluru Contacts of Covid19 patients attack BBMP staff refuse quarantine. Police rounding up people in hiding who attended the Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi which is responsible for 30 of covid cases in India . Coronavirus hits Mumbais Jaslok hospital 31 nurses 5 doctors test positive. 18 staff members of Pune hospital test COVID19 positive.. Migrant workers flock to Delhi bus station the day lockdown was announced . Official lands in soup for letter on SSLC exams. Karnataka CM medical education minister health department give different COVID19 figures. In Chennai doctors burial marred by protests attacks. A detailed post about Religious gatherings and Hinduphobia. He makes some good points dont you think. Lodged at Quarantine Centre Man Booked For Refusing to Eat Food Cooked by Dalit Village Head in UPs Kushinagar. Bhopal Without Proof Muslim Sanitation Worker Accused of Spitting to Spread COVID19. Chemical sprayed into mouth worker dies. Its time to panik bois...OC. Mob Forces Quarantine Team To Retreat In Bengaluru Damages Barricades. Coronavirus awareness Stay home stay safe. Coronavirus Cases Bengaluru Mob Forces Quarantine Team To Retreat In Bengaluru Damages Barricades. Coronavirus Lockdown What Is Allowed From Today What Stays Banned. GoAir to Furlough 90 of Workers as India Lockdown Extends.. How do you switch off the voice message regarding coronavirus that is played before phone calls: My job requires me to make a bunch of phone call and the covid awareness message plays for a while for pretty much every call I make and its super annoying after a point. Can someone help out with how to turn it off TIA. During on this covid 19 outbreak i appreciate at our government for taking steps but wtf is this i smell hella sexiest everytime in this damn doo doo country. What is up being a male in this country And electronics should be considered as essentials.. Telangana says Tablighi Jamaat clusters worrying asks all contacts to selfreport. Telangana Health Minister Eatala Rajender said that in one case 81 people had tested positive due to six families who returned from the event in Delhi.. Check the latest COVID19 Details here: [removed]. AYUSH Ministry to test COVID19 cure that appeared in Goa teachers dream. I am glad to share that Manipur is now Corona free. Both patients have fully recovered and have tested negative. There are no fresh cases of the virus in the state Manipur CM N Biren Singh. At least Modi is feeding us migrants poor say lockdown is tough but give PM a thumbs up. COVID19 numbers in Mumbai likely to fall by next week New protocol says asymptomatic contacts to be tested only after five days. So fewer tests means fewer detections but the curve will not flatten.. 24 people including govt officials test COVID19 positive in Andra Pradesh: [removed]. Department of Health amp Family Welfare West Bengal in a series of tweets on 19th April alleged defective test kits supplied by Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR as the reason for testing delays.. Isnt it too soon to lift the lockdown: India has around 17000 confirmed cases of Covid19 with lots of new cases everyday. Apparently we have succeeded in Slowing the rate of spread but i see no measures in govt eliminating the virus. Countries like China Taiwan Japan are apparently experiencing A Second wave of Covid19 cases because they didnt eliminate the virus completely. In my locality people are going about as usual and nobody is serious about staying home or social distancing. Arent we taking this too lightly Isnt it too soon to be reopening the economy Im sure Government has a lot of funds to help the poor or the daily wage workers but i still see news of a few of them walking back hundreds of kilometres to their villages/towns because they dont have any facilities.. Mamata gives Rs 10 lakh insurance cover to journalists asks them to report positive news. COVID19 Violence Breaks Out in a Bengaluru Hotspot 54 Arrested. Price of testing kits should be based on income.: Nearly 92 female and 82 male workers in India earn earn less than 10000 per month since most of them cant afford to pay for test kits all government testing labs should be reserved for people of households with income below 10k pm they should be tested for free. People from households with income more than 10000 per month have to pay some amounts with some subsidies depending on income for testing and should be tested at private labs only. People in the bracket 10000 pm to 20000 pm arent exactly welloff either they should pay 500 per test. People in the bracket 30000 50000 can pay in 1000s therefore they should pay 2500 per test. People in the bracket 50000 100000 are pretty well off and should pay 4500 per test. People earning above 1 lakh per month should pay 5000 per test. And people earning above 2 lakh per month should pay 6500 per test. The point of well earning people paying more is that theyd be able to fund Indian based manufacturers to boost their production of rapidtesting kits. Government bidding test kits from foreign countries should have separate budget as usual. As of now almost all Indian based companies are planning to keep the cost below 2000 Assuming weve got 650000 test kits from China 3 days ago with some stocks and two of our local companies HLL and Voxtur that have begun production and expect to produce 100000 by the end of the week. With more fundings they should be able to meet or even surpass the foreign bought rapid test kits in production units. Hypothetically if everything goes well we might be able to cross million tests mark by the end of April.. Coronavirus PMCARES donations cut from government staff salaries. How Does Coronavirus Kill COVID19 Lung Disease Simplified. Biggest spike in Covid19 numbers yet as Maharashtra Gujarat report huge spurt Times of India. Coronavirus India Lockdown Heres What Will Remain Open Across India From April 20. Thousands of Israelis Protesting Against Government Maintains Social Distancing at Black Gate Protest.. Arundhati Roy claims pandemic exposes Indias crisis of hatred against Muslims. Indias coronavirus cases rise by 1463 the highest 24hour spike. The nationwide lockdown has led to better air quality. In Delhi PM 2.5 Particulate Matter levels dropped by 71 for a week. It is thanks to you HeroesFromHome that the environment can breathe.. Yesterday was the largest increase in the number of cases in a single day upto now. Andh Bhaks.. Boggle my mind... Those who want to return to Odisha must register before they return. Relatives and friends can register with the Gram Panchayat. Returnees will stay in free of cost in Quarantine facilities for 14 days. On completion of quarantine theyll be given 2000 as incentive.. Dr. Anshuman India and Dr. Alka U.K Speaks out on Corona Pendamic .... What else can we do but try to solve the leak after it occurs Keralas Minister of Law A K Balan defending his governments decision to host patient data records in a private data storage company Sprinklr which offered to help during the Covid crisis.. Not necessary to wear masks did nothing wrong Kumaraswamy defends sons lockdown wedding. Bengal sitting on a coronavirus time bomb.. Nobel winning scientist claims Covid19 virus was manmade.. Migrant vendor couple becomes parents in Tripura names newborn Lockdown india news. Ministry of Home AffairsMHA exempts ecommerce companies supplying essential goods from lockdown restrictions.. Meerut cancer hospital wants Muslims to come only after getting Covid19 negative test report. the coronavirus effect in MUMBAI region. Corona warriors attacked in Padaryanapura. Bihar MLA flouts lockdown to bring son back from Kota as Nitish govt refuses to evacuate students. Indian hospitals refuse to admit Muslims as coronavirus causes Islamophobia surge. Goa becomes coronavirusfree after last active case tests negative no new case since April 3. Coronavirus delays Why have rapid tests been slow to start in India. Pregnant woman in Bengaluru walks 5 km in search of hospital doctor couple save baby. Health reporter TV journalist in Tamil Nadu test positive for COVID19. Corporation officials are now tracing other journalists in Chennai who may have come in contact with these two.. UP Meerut hospital issues apology for ad calling Hindus misers restricted entry of Muslims. Lockdown extended in Telangana till 7th May. Food delivery services will be banned. Grocery delivery will work in current capacity.. Doctors Worry as Populous Indian State Struggles With Coronavirus Tests. Maharashtra govt allows industries to operate during lockdown but with conditions. Moved from Yamuna bank 400 workers battle mosquitoes in school near Delhis largest garbage dump Many claim they were better off living on the riverside.. Aarogya Setu Sends Mumbai Woman With No Symptoms Into Quarantine. After seven weeks stranded Maha pilgrims to return home. Top 6 Best Home Jobs Online During Coronavirus in Lockdown. Modi govt employees irked by pressure to donate to PM CARES Fund to fight Covid19. Karnataka CM Yediyurappa defends Kumaraswamy sons wedding amid lockdown. Lockdown extended till May 7 in Telangana. Telangana CM KCR extends states COVID19 lockdown till May 7 rent deferred by 3 months. A visual story of Covid19 in Asia as told through mobile apps. Swiggy and Zomato Ban in Telangana Lockdown Extended to 7th May in Telangana: [removed]. Lockdown Rumour of Food Getting Over at Delhi School Causes Stampede The Quint. Nizamuddin returnee others attack govt officials hold them captive in Odisha. Milk Production and Consumption in India: [removed]. Gujarat Man cuts off his tongue to STOP Covid19 spread. 45day old infant youngest COVID19 casualty. A doctor three nurses and a few staff workers were found to be positive for the infection after people who were in contact with the child were tested. Stunning Video of How Bangalore looks during lockdown. Does anyone bhave any clue as to where to purchase cigarettes from in Paschim Vihar area : Ive tried looking in my market didnt have any luck.. Coronavirus outbreak Woman with no travel history no symptoms whisked away by BMC. Covid19 Delhi paid the price of markaz incident says Chief Minister Kejriwal. Meerut hospital demands negative Covid19 result to admit Muslim patients UP police launch probe. Delhi 31 of extended family test positive for Covid19 in Jahangirpuri. Fishing with dynamite Indias contact tracing overreach. Hey everyone Thank you so much for your Warm response on the last video. This is the 3rd episode of the series Please do check out.. University exams to resume on May 11. USA released quarantine stimulus of 1200 dollars which is around 91800rs.... isnt this the right time to release stimulus amount here in India through then created jan dan yojana accounts for 15lakh rs: PM should act quick......what do u say is it necessary [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g48ce8. Stampede at Delhi school over food. Just an initiative to donate to PMCaresFund. To participate Register here https//forms.gle/Y83Qy9txgnVUQhKh7. Please do share to make this event a success.. Unable To Feed Family Amid Lockdown Migrant Worker Commits Suicide. FIR against UP hospital which refused to admit Muslim patients without Covid19 test. Bengaluru Yediyurappa defends Kumaraswamy sons wedding amid lockdownDaijiworld. False claim suggests Bandra mass gathering accused Vinay Dubeys father is Muslim. COVID19 Outbreak Associated with Air Conditioning in Restaurant Guangzhou China 2020 and what steps India could take keeping this in mind: [removed]. Covid19 Does Not See Race Religion or Caste Before Striking Says PM Modi. PM Modi says Covid19 does not see race religion colour caste and creed. India must be ahead of curve in the postcoronavirus world says PM. Mumbai 31 nurses 5 doctors from Jaslok hospital test positive for COVID19. No Cut in Pension to Central Govt Employees Clairifies Finance Ministry Amid Reports. Regarding covidindia.xyz: let me know if this is duplicateIll remove it I made a simple covid india tracker that loads fast on slower networks. [link]https//covidindia.xyz and posted it a couple days before. Made some changes as suggested and also added a District Wise data. Unfortunately This is hosted on a free trialAWS which will be expiring tomorrow. I am giving away the source files if any one wants to host it themselves [source]https//github.com/cell91/covidjs/tree/master ping me if there is any trouble hosting.. Google Can Now Help You Locate The Nearest COVID19 Testing Facility. 6 positive effects of coronavirus because everyone is scared. Senior Punjab Police Officer due for plasma therapy dies of COVID19. The officer was the first in the state to get a nod for plasma therapy from the Punjab government. He tested positive for the deadly virus just a few days ago.. Govt officials in Odisha attacked and held captive by Nizamuddin attendees.. Repost. Violent protests in Jalpaiguri Jail as inmates demand bail citing Covid19 outbreak. The correctional facility houses around 750 prisoners in eight wards and of them 5060 inmates are protesting citing a Supreme Court directive they said.. 3 ancient ayurvedic practices to protect yourself from COVID19 Lifestyle Times of India Videos. A few words for the ignorant: I am amazed at how educated people people with degrees in Medicine and people with PhDs can actually believe that the Muslims who attended the Tablighi meeting at New Delhi got infected intentionally in order to wipe out Indias Hindu population using the corona virus. It is an amazingly ridiculous thought but is propagated widely by twitter. First of all Covid 19 is not a killer virus. For unknown reasons it has infected far fewer people in the poor countries of Asia . Second the mortality rate is a mere 3 percent and the people who get killed are old people. That leaves the young to propagate a whole new population. Thirdly the virus does does not differentiate between religions as does the present Fascist government at the center. But a government that thinks that lighting candles at an auspicious hour will get rid of the virus can be expected to think that viruses can be trained like dogs to identify Hindus and kill them. Let me give you a time table of what happened Dec 31 2019 China informs the WHO about unusual cases of pneumonia. January 7 2020 China reports its first death January 31 2020 Indias First case of Corona virus reported from Kerala....No action taken. Yet Modi recently on Ambedhkars Birthday made the fantastic claim that even before a Corona case was reported in the country airports stopped foreigners from leaving the airport without undergoing 14 days of quarantine. February 24 and 25th Trump visits India and neither he nor any others are screened or quarantined. March 13 to 15 A meeting took place in Delhi of very religious Muslims. There were foreign delegates and preachers. The information on screening and quarantining of these visitors is not clear. March 13 the Hindu reports Addressing reporters officials said coronavirus a pandemic that has infected 131500 people in 116 countries and territories and killed more than 4900 is not a health emergency and there is no need to panic. March 16 Outlook reports The Delhi government on Monday announced a ban on gatherings of ... Kejriwal said gyms nightclubs will be closed till Mar 31 decision on malls due soon. Even after the meeting of 13 to 15 March the headquarters where the Jamaat was held had people staying over. March 22 AlJazeera reports The Delhi authorities shut its doors with about 2500 worshippers still inside after it emerged that a religious gathering organised by the group on March 1315 caused the biggest coronavirus spike in India. THEREFORE ACTION BY THE DELHI GOVERNMENT OCCURRED MUCH AFTER THE EVENT. March 24 Narendra Modi announces National Lock down after some State Governments announced state wide lock downs. 4400 cases 1/3 of all Indias cases are related to the Delhi event. Does this look like Muslims spreading the Corona Virus with an intention to kill or ignorance on the part of the attendees and inaction on the part of the Authorities.. Gujarat man cuts off his tongue to please deity to stop coronavirus spread The Hans India. 5 ways to keep your relationships exciting during the lockdown Times of India. How to locate open grocery and pharmacy stores during lockdown Gadgets Now. Coronavirus Lockdown How to apply for epass in Kolkata Gadgets Now. Coronavirus Delhi paid the price of markaz incident and inflow of travellers from other countries says Kejriwal. TikTok User Shadab Khans Old Video Falsely Shared as Him Showing How to Spread Coronavirus. This Cardboard Hospital Bed Can Be Built in 5 Mins. And theyve proven their worth in gold once more.. And theyve proven their worth in gold once more.. Recovered Covid19 Patient Tests Positive Again Active Cases in Himachal Now 23. So theres no list of some permitted activities NOT ALLOWED. A 45dayold becomes the youngest in India to die of Coronavirus. If you think you are a Superhero who cant get infected with this deadly virus you must read this.. COVID19 Home Guards receive face masks designed by IIT students in Chennai City Times of India Videos. Panic in Madras high court as coronavirus positive staffer mingled in court Chennai News Times of India. Army Doctors Take Over One Of Indias Largest Quarantine Facilities. How corona virus will end: [removed]. Lockdown Punjab reschedules harvesting timings Amritsar News Times of India. TN Auto driver plays midwife to woman in labour in Coimbatore City Times of India Videos. Punjab Attari staff panics after Pakistani visitors positive Amritsar News Times of India.  . Rajasthan Infected man had tested negative twice Ajmer News Times of India. Exit lathis enter mics Now cops use music to keep people indoors in Goa Goa News Times of India. BJP councillor in Valsad caught boozing with friends Surat News Times of India. Madhya Pradesh Parents seek relief in school fee Bhopal News Times of India. Promote students exams risky Bhopal News Times of India. Birds find calmness under the sun courtesy less human intervention in Pune. City gets a Covid19 hospital it deserves and so badly needs. Coronavirus Delivery of nonessential items to remain prohibited during lockdown. Online Classes: So guys Im in college roght now final year and because they need to get rid of us due to our placements they have started online classes and even proposed online exams. While I praise the thought they have failed tp realise that me amongst many others have very limoted internet access. Moreoverallegedly they are even taking attendance. Online classes are scheduled from 10 am to 5pm every day and as I said me amongst many others do not have that data. We obviously cannot have broadband installed right now. Many do not even have the option of installing broadband as they are from villagesetc. I tried tweeting out and mailing the MHRD but no reply on either fronts. Professors are kind of a prude and they are petulant about attendance and all. Could you suggest a few options as to what I could do. Looking for work during COVID19 We are tracking companies that are hiring in India.: [removed]. We are the 5th largest economy. Citys Nagpur son sets Kasaragod Initiative of Kerala Police model to contain COVID19. Covid19 Ecommerce firms cant sell nonessential items 20 April onwards. Please understand this and stop saying testing not enough: [removed]. May I have a moment of your precious time Crowdsourcing from a student for India: My name is Anirban 17 years old and I am a student at TISB Bangalore India. I have teamed up with Rotary Club Indiranagar to help daily wage workers who have been hit hard by the Covid 19 Pandemic. The campaign has already reached 60 of its goal and the faster we can raise money for these workers the less they feel alone. Please contribute to put a smile on some peoples faces a daily deed of happiness for the day. Stay safe and thanks for hearing me out. Sorry if this was spam but I am a student and I think people here really do care about the outside world. Please make a difference. [Link to Campaign]https//www.fueladream.com/home/campaign/22017. Trains Flights Unlikely To Resume After May 3 Say Sources. Coronavirus Lockdown Change In ECommerce Rules Again Only Essentials To Be Delivered. Heres Why. Help researchers understand how the COVID19 Pandemic is affecting you: Help researchers understand how the COVID19 Pandemic is affecting you All data will be anonymous and you are invited to share the survey with your own social media networks. [https//redcap.ucdenver.edu/surveys/index.phpsWEARKEMEHC]https//redcap.ucdenver.edu/surveys/index.phpsWEARKEMEHC. Tamil Nadu hopeful of flattening the curve as Covid cases witness a dip. No relaxation of lockdown restrictions in Delhi after April 20 CM Arvind Kejriwal. Man in quarantine centre refuses to eat food made by Dalit woman. So i participated in a competition during lockdown to draw a Corona related drawing and send it to the host. So i thought a jojo reference it is. Kerala set to open restaurants start oddeven for cars. Kerala Several test positive after quarantine for four weeks. As per the World Health Organisation WHO the incubation period ranges from one to 14 days in most cases and symptoms commonly appear around five days later.. Indias digital response to COVID19 risks inefficacy exclusion and discrimination. Navi Mumbai woman lawyer dies of heart attack after hospitals refuse admission. All the 186 COVID19 positive cases that were reported yesterday were asymptomatic they didnt know they had Coronavirus. This is more worrying Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal. Andhra Labourer Wins DGPs Salute For Offering Soft Drinks to Cops. Recovered patient tests positive again in Himachal.: The Hindu COVID19 Recovered patient tests positive again in Himachal. https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/coronavirusrecorveredpatienttestspositiveagaininhimachal/article31380284.ece. Coronavirus UAE gets 5.5 million hydroxychloroquine pills from India. Bharat Electronics LimitedBEL to manufacture amp supply 30000 ventilators.: While the total no of confirmed cases doubling every 10 days. Government of India has been able to control the rapid spread of COVID19. However proactive measures are being taken to prepare for a spikein case Coronavirus gets into the community amp numbers start doubling every 23 days. Manufacturing amp procurement of ancillary support devices like ventilators is being carried out on war footing. Bharat Electronics LimitedBEL is expected to manufacture amp supply 30000 ventilators within 2 monthsstarting April 2024 2020 5K in Apr 10K in May 15K in June. Walkin Kiosk for collection of samples for coronavirus testing has been developed by a team of Govt ITI Cuttack Odisha.The sample collection kiosk is a mobile cabin with a sealed glass front with extended gloves attached in front through which a healthworker can collect samples.. Why steps of lockdown are taken by the Countries. Supply of nonessential goods by eCommerce companies to remain prohibited during lockdown Ministry of Home Affairs MHA. Andhra govt tells medical stores to take details of those buying fever cold drugs. Muslims in Bengals Bhatpara municipality face religious discrimination. Heres my 3rd Article on Coronavirus and World. In this article I have explained what happened to countries which handled situation nicely at the start but later it is becoming dangerous amp What went wrong in countries like Italy and Spain from the beginning.. Why COVID19 is a data problem as well as a public health issue. Corona cases in India 30 of cases across India tied to Jamaat event.. Corona se jeetna hai...A MOTIVATIONAL song. Madhya Pradesh Sanitation workers attacked by a mob with axes rods and sticks one worker badly injured main accused Adil arrested. Meet Bijnors machinemaker Mustaqeem. Delhi 31 of extended family test positive for Covid19 in Jahangirpuri. Do You Know 54 THE EXTENDED LOCKDOWN MIGHT LEAD TO A FOOD SHORTAGE IN INDIA 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . First Cut By Manjul. Meerut hospital puts Ad saying it will not treat Muslim patients UP police launches probe. How a Tablighi Jamaat meet in Nalanda in March has set off panic in Bihar. In a letter to the Bihar govt the Nalanda DM has pegged the number of Tablighi Jamaat meeting participants at 640. But 366 of these havent been traced yet.. Bizarre Goa Teacher Gets COVID19 Cure in Vision Ayush Ministry Will Examine if True.  . UP Hospital Bars Muslim Patients Who Dont Come With Negative Test for COVID19. Despite Its Guidelines Against Stigmatisation Govt Hypes Jamaat Role in COVID19 Spread. 30 of Indias Covid19 positive caseload linked to Tablighi Jamaat meet says govt. Indian hospital segregates Hindu and Muslim coronavirus patients in apartheid wards. Govt doc attacked by colony residents amid fear that he may spread Covid19. Indias cases jumped from 14352 on Apr 17 to 16365 on Apr 18 an alarming 14 increase in 24 Hours. This is despite a nationwide lockdown how long will ICMR keep denying Community Transmission. H.D. Kumaraswamy hosts his son Nikhils wedding on Friday in the middle of the lockdown. Karnataka withdraws order allowing twowheelers and IT companies to work after April 20. Slow Internet Is Speeding the Spread of the Coronavirus in Kashmir. Rapid kits in states plan own roadmaps for use from red zones to those in frontlines. Kejriwal announces Rs 1 crore to kin of those who die while dealing with Covid19 patients. 30 covid19 cases in India linked to Tablighi Jamaat event Govt. Scores gather in Madurai village for a Bulls funeral defying lockdown. India coronavirus The underpaid and unprotected women leading the Covid19 war. Scamming people to sign up to their platform using the name of SURAKSHA STORE : [removed]. Little guy comes out to play Bellandur Bangalore.: To put in context this snake was caught in a safe manner and no harm was done. Due to offices being empty because of pandemic situation wildlife encroaching human establishments. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/weuqhrqocot41.jpgwidth1040ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps4d9bc0ef944b8f0c513fe95003da9c93575a87de. Difference in number of COVID19 cases between ICMR and MOHFW. Source in comments.: Yesterday at 5PM MOHFW press release reported 14792 COVID19 cases. Add all the numbers in the below link. https//www.mohfw.gov.in Yesterday 9PM ICMR press release reported 16365 cases. Open the first pdf in the below link. https//icmr.nic.in/content/covid19 Difference of 1500 cases in 4Hrs.. How quarantine has affected you good/bad way: [removed]. Coronavirus manmade in Wuhan lab Nobel laureate India News Times of India. Why India has the upper hand against COVID19. Rotis mobile recharges carrom boards how Kerala fixed its migrant worker anger. COVID19 could be manmade. COVID19 lockdown Uttar Pradesh woman gets raped by ration dealer. lockdown self haircut. Journalist Traveled to Wuhan to Report on Coronavirus and hasnt been Heard from Since. The Print Shekhar Gupta Covid hasnt gone viral in India yet but some in the world amp at home cant accept the truth shows how foreign media is complicit in attempting to spread false panic. AYUSH Ministry validating COVID19 cure relayed to Goa teacher via apparition OutlookIndia. Corona virus vs WhatsApp virus. Flipkart has started taking orders for electronic items.. Rice ATMS in India: I saw that Vietnam has arranged rice atms throughout the country which dispense free rice for people without work during the lockdown. Is there anything like that here in India Or what best way to offer assistance during this time. Recovered COVID19 patient tests positive again active cases in Himachal Pradesh now 23 Officials. AYUSH Ministry validating COVID19 cure relayed to Goa teacher via apparition. I know that a lot is dependant on the scenario at that particular point of time But do you think the lockdown should be extended for atleast the entirety of the month of May : [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g3rwlp. Quarantine Matters. Youth dies after allegedly being beaten up by police in Uttar Pradesh. Total sample tested 372123. Total individuals tested 354969. Samples tested today 35494 Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR. UKs Covidiots Took to Streets to Clap for Essential Workers. Dj Vu Indians. COVID19 War of Words Between Punjab CM Union Minister Harsimrat Over Central Funds to State. ANI A scuffle broke out between a hawker and police personnel yesterday after she was not allowed to sell vegetables in a containment area in Mankhurd. A case has been registered in the matter by police. Source Amateur video Maharashtra CoronaLockdown https//t.co/NGhaUypxIx. 26 navy sailors in Mumbai test positive for COVID19. 31 Members of Extended Family Test Positive for Coronavirus in Delhis Jahangirpuri Area. List of 170 hotspots declared by Health ministry. What did Kerala do right in its early against Coronavirus Pandemic. Legitimate charities to donate to: [removed]. When will India recover from corona saga completely: With no vaccines in sight and existing medicines having limited success to cure corona With migrant labourers and daily wage workers nearly starving to death With people committing suicides not able to consume alcohol or go out for a party When do you think India will return to normalcy [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g3qnal. How can I help out the migrant workers suffering in India . Latest Worlds Update About The Coronavirus. 4000 Covid19 cases linked to Jamaat says govt. But India isnt the only one. 8 of cases in Mumbai are healthcare workers hospital staff. In ten days seven doctors five nurses and one ward boy from civic hospitals have tested positive.. What percent of tests came positive could be a better indicator than number of tests per capita in a nation.: That I believe would get rid of huge population biases of overly populous nations which dont have community transmission. If not that that number could at least tell us something about extent of community spread. Some numbers India 95.1 Pakistan 91.7 Indonesia 84 USA 80 Spain 79 Italy 80 What are your thoughts IDK might be something random.. 4000 Covid19 cases linked to Jamaat says govt. But India isnt the only one: [deleted]. Assam decides to not use 50000 PPE kits imported from China Assam was the first state in the country to directly order the PPE kits from China.. Life Has No Meaning In Kashmir Says Man Who Collected Pieces Of Nephews Brain Killed In Shelling. The world should unite.. Hope Covid 19 will get destroyed like this.... Matterhorn mountain in Swiss Alps lights up with Indian flag in show of solidarity.. COVID19 Indias medical diplomacy gathers goodwill at low cost. Employee Assistance during COVID: [removed]. Mumbai Nearly 45000 in home quarantine containment zones now number 452. Sanitation Workers Attacked With Axe Clothes Ripped in MPs Dewas. On Camera Scores Violate Lockdown In Karnataka For Free Food. Please take one minute out of your day to look at this : [removed]. I have no passport didnt go to China Mysuru pharmas patient zero. Total Tests For COVID19 Per 1000 People In South Asia. Mumbai A scuffle broke out between a hawker and police personnel yesterday after she was not allowed to sell vegetables in a containment area in Mankhurd. A case has been registered in the matter by police.. Lockdown Wedding. Is the lockdown gonna end on 3rd May: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g3ne7e. US President Donald Trump Announced A Package Of 19 Billion For Farmers In America Inventiva. Migrant Workers. TIL that in UP and Bihar almost six out of ten deaths were not registered in the death statistics based on the latest available CRS data from 2017:  TLDR India lacks systematic registration of deaths even in the absence of the current pandemic. It would be extremely optimistic to assume that the deceased numbers being reported are comprehensive and cover all deaths due to covid19. If anything the real number of deaths can only expected to be higher. There have been several claims recently that the number of deaths are lower in India than other nations and this is being seen as an indicator of Indias success in controlling the fatality due to the pandemic. In a recent discussion with a friend a medical professional while we both agreed that more testing was needed a question came up whether or not the number of deaths depicts the real picture on the ground. From my point of view I was not too sure whether in India all deaths were actually being registered in a normal scenario. My friend was however convinced that all births and deaths were always registered and hence there is no doubt that India is seeing a lower mortality rate as we are counting the number of positive cases and resulting deaths. Additional deaths resulting from untested cases would still have caused a spike in total deaths as all deaths and causes of deaths are normally always reported. Today I was trying to find official population statistics regarding the number of births and deaths in India. These numbers are usually provided by the censusrelated offices of a country. For India it seems that the latest reported data from the country wide Civil Registration System CRS regarding number of births and deaths is from 2017 annual report at [http//crsorgi.gov.in/annualreport.html]http//crsorgi.gov.in/annualreport.html. I was surprised to know that refer Table 5 on page 61 of the annual report 1. In 2017 the overall level of death registration in India was around 80 i.e. 8 out of 10 deaths are actually reported. 2. Statewise the level of registration was only around 40 in some of the high population states like UP and Bihar. This means 6 out of 10 deaths are not even officially registered This is the official data from 2017 and it has nothing to do with current pandemic. Moreover even for the registered deaths the quality of data regarding the actual cause of death is extremely poor. The cause of death was identified in less than 20 of the cases Source article [https//theprint.in/opinion/indianhealthdatawillmissrecordingmanycovidandlockdowndeaths/403432/]https//theprint.in/opinion/indianhealthdatawillmissrecordingmanycovidandlockdowndeaths/403432/ Given these statistics it would be extremely optimistic for anyone to assume that the numbers being reported are comprehensive and cover all deaths due to covid19. If anything the real number of deaths can only expected to be higher. These are challenging times and each one of us has the responsibility to be vigilant so as not to spread misinformation and false claims just to feel a little good about ourselves. We need to test more and more people as most other countries have been doing and adopt a transparent reporting mechanism of the numbers tested/positive/recovered/dead. It is clear that in the case of India we also need massive improvements and transparency in systematic and quality registration and reporting of the births and deaths.. Drone Patrolling. Extend lockdown till end of Ramadan Muslim activist to PM. Netizens vouch for Nobel Peace Prize for PM Modi cite his handling of COVID crisis. Coronavirus Shaheen Bagh becomes Covid19 hotspot as Delhi expands list of containment zones to 60. 200 hotels identified to be used as quarantine facility in Goa Goa News Times of India. Goa With no pay 400 migrant workers in dire straits at Kadamba Plateau Goa News Times of India. More morning joggers face police action in Pune Pune News Times of India. First Cut By Manjul. Telangana Woman dies in queue waiting for Rs 1500 dole Hyderabad News Times of India. Stranded by lockdown 5 migrants walk 800 km from Rajasthan to reach home in Punjab Amritsar News Times of India. Youngsters lend a helping hand care for the homeless during COVID19 lockdown. To the police officers from Mumbai who are out there. Good work in your reaction. We need to see more of this when misbehaved during these times.. 98yrold woman in Punjabs Moga stitches masks for the needy Chandigarh News Times of India. COVID19 Air India B787 aircraft leaves for Chinas Guangzhou from Delhi to pick up medical supplies News Times of India Videos. Watch Slaps and fistfight in scuffle between vegetable seller Mumbai Police india news. TrumpBacked Drug to Be Tested on Thousands in Mumbai Slums. Mumbais public hospitals run out of ICU beds as coronavirus spreads Mumbai has only around 200 ICU beds. Covid hasnt gone viral in India yet but some in the world amp at home cant accept the truth. Indore may soon become Wuhan if Covid19 outbreak is not arrested Congress MLA Patwari. Police deny lockdown violation at wedding of former PMs grandson Wire agency feed. Government extends regular and evisas of all foreigners stranded in India till May 3. No violation of lockdown norms at Kumaraswamy sons wedding Police. Locked down with their abusers Indias domestic violence surge. Coronavirus UN Chief Salutes Nations Like India For Helping World Fight COVID19. Kanungo is fourth Covid fatality in Ludhiana four contacts of infected ACP district mandi officer also positive. Woman with no symptoms travel history and stayed in through lockdown sent to quarantine by BMC. Order from PMOs office had recently downloaded the Aarogya Setu app.. What Indias offices may look like when the lockdown is eased on April 20. 274 flights operated under Lifeline Udan to transport essential medical supplies across the country. Indore hit by COVID19 due to global passengers antiCAA protests Collector. Three million packs of paracetamol from India to replenish British supermarkets shelves. Punjab ACP dies of coronavirus in Ludhiana. Kerala to Allow Restaurant Dining Till 7pm OddEven Scheme in NonHotspots After Flattening Curve. Lockdown UP woman falls sick while standing in queue for ration dies. ICMR gets nod for clinical trial of convalescent plasma for COVID19 treatment. Coronavirus Matterhorn mountain in Swiss Alps lights up with Indian flag in show of solidarity. Covid19 lockdown UP sends 250 buses to Kota to evacuate 7500 students Bihar CM questions move. Covid19 in Mumbai Hostels guest houses to be used for quarantine. AYUSH Ministry validating COVID19 cure relayed to Goa teacher via apparition. EoI cum BID INVITATION ON EMAIL FOR PROCUREMENT OF MEDICAL OXYGEN CYLINDER on urgent basis during Covid19 situation. Rating Scale for lesson plan in Hindi. Do You Know 53 FULL PROCESS HOW TO APPLY FOR ePASS IN EMERGENCY SITUATION DURING CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . I recommend Aarogya Setu app to fight against COVID19.:  https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidnic.goi.aarogyasetu. SI of Penugonda West Godavari District secures the area with knife and stick. Maharashtra allows over 100000 migrants to return home. Madhya Pradesh Coronavirus On Camera Madhya Pradesh Sanitation Worker Attacked Clothes Ripped. Message Of Hope From The Swiss Alps For India Amid Coronavirus Darkness. Maharashtra changes testing protocol and reports less cases.This is to conserve and efficiently use limited resources officials say.. Should have a vaccine for COVID19 by 2021 will not patent it Serum Institutes Adar Poonawalla. Andheri lawyer moves intl court against China over coronavirus. Ashish Sohani who practises in the Bombay High Court files petition in the International Criminal Court saying Chinas actions amounted to crime against humanity.. Indian health data will miss recording many Covid and lockdown deaths. Make in India How We Can Help Indians During This Time: Although I am not an Indian I love Indian people and Indian culture. India is one of the few countries that have a low percentage of confirmed coronavirus cases. This is due to the Indian governments willingness to care for its citizens and for the citizens of other countries. Recently many Western and some Eastern governments have found Chinas emergency aid to be faulty however there are no reported cases of faulty emergency aid from India in fact India supplies over 30 countries even the United States with hydroxychloroquine a drug that is currently being tested as a treatment for coronavirus. I applaud the Indian government and the Indian people for doing their part in fighting the coronavirus. Because India has a large skilled labor force I believe that if enough of us convince government officials in India and other countries to invest in Made in India emergency aid we can assure highquality emergency aid for recipient countries and provide more jobs in the growing Indian workforce. In addition if enough countries are willing to invest in Made in India emergency aid they are probably going to offer additional money towards other parts of the Indian governments expenses such as Indias defense budget. I recommend contacting your representative/senator/Minister of Parliament/etc. ASAP. I wish you all the best of luck during such a challenging period of our lives. This is not a shitpost on the Chinese government or on Chinese people because I know that there are good and bad people in all countries however we must hold all countries accountable for their actions and Chinas faulty emergency aid is no exception. In my opinion the Chinese and United States governments havent done enough to stop the spread of the coronavirus but India is a good example of a country that puts its people first.. Covid hasnt gone viral in India yet but some in the world amp at home cant accept the truth. COVID19 Burial of Meghalaya doctor faces multiple hitches as panic sweeps state. After the 69yearold doctor breathed his last at the hospital he founded his family had to wait for at least 36 hours to find a burial ground after people blocked the streets over fears of the disease spreading.. Indian Tricolour Projected onto Switzerlands Mighty Matterhorn to Send a Message of Hope. Bengals Sluggish Response to COVID19 Is Unbecoming of Its Potential. There are 1767 COVID19 positive cases in Delhi out of which 67 were reported yesterday. There have been 42 deaths in the national capital 911 patients are admitted at hospitals of which 27 are in ICUs and 6 are on ventilators Satyendar Jain Delhi Health Minister. 2020 really put our priorities in check.. 2020 made them go from Mandir Vahi Banega to Mandir Band Rahega real quick.. Saw News Cant Trust You Man Accosts Muslim Civic Worker in MP. Infected pizza boy Online food delivery orders drop 30. COVID19 Doctors worry as Indias West Bengal struggles. West Bengal has done 33.7 tests per million compared to 156.9 per million nationwide. US Undergrad International Research adults 1835: Hi all Im an undergraduate studying psychology and public health hoping that gaining a better understanding of how people across the US are affected by the COVID19 pandemic will help inform how we can effectively communicate public health information in the future. I have a ton of women in my sample so I would especially appreciate male participants . Im hoping to get as many countries as possible to be equally represented so if you get a chance its anonymous and takes about 30 minutes My psychology research lab is conducting a study on young adults responses to the COVID19 pandemic. If you are interested in participating please click the link Please do not comment on this post regarding your participation in the study or lack thereof. Sharing of this study link is voluntary and any risks associated with sharing of this link are assumed by any individuals who choose to do so. [https//loyno.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\07e2KkQlDsGAT3f ]https//loyno.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV07e2KkQlDsGAT3f. 3 international bodies stats coincide with the Indian govt stats. And there is still nothing by our PM about not attacking healthcare professionals and policemen..: [deleted]. And there is still not a single statement from our PM about not even thinking about attacking health professionals..: [deleted]. YouTube has stopped HD streaming: [deleted]. Jammu Gujjar Milkmen Facing Boycott Supply Free Milk to Quarantine Centres. Indian Navy Corona cases 26 Indian Navy sailors test Covid19 positive massive contacttracing op under way Times of India. India Enters in Top 20 Countries by Covid 19 Deaths. Animated color map of COVID19 growth in Indian districts.. Detention centres are inhumane and need to stop.. Mumbai Delivery boy held for spitting on Manipuri woman in Kalina Santacruz. Punjab Department of Higher Education has issued a showcause notice to Lovely Professional University Jalandhar for violating government orders amp putting in danger lives of about 3200 people by not shutting down completely.. One C130 airlifted Indian CoronaWarriors team comprising medical personnel amp medical equipment for assistance to State of Kuwait today. Team India extending full support to friendly foreign nations. Chana Rajma to be halted immediately Netizens react as doctors claim coronavirus can spread through farts. Coronavirus lockdown NHAI to resume toll collection on national highways from April 20. How accurate is this . AYUSH Ministry to test COVID19 cure that appeared in Goa teachers dream. Coronavirus Centre Asks States To Track Down Rohingya Refugees Over COVID19 Concerns. Injustice To Lockdown Says Nitish Kumar On Buses For Students. All Countries Will Face This WHO After China Revises COVID19 Deaths. Coronavirus Doctor injured in U.P.s Moradabad as crowd attacks health team. Things to do in Quarantine COVID19. A 40day lockdown is KaafiReal but will migrant labour survive It Illustration by aroopmishra. An introduction to the spread of viral fake news and conspiracy theories at the time of epidemics with insights from scientific research on vulnerabilities and effective strategies to fend ourselves. Detecting fake news texts images videos and AI deepfake videos with screencast tutorial.: [deleted]. Imagine if it were Owaisis or some Muslim politicians kids wedding. Indian hypocrisy is disgusting. Coronavirus Community transmission happens in Kashmir hamlet. Coronavirus India 15 to 20 Indian Navy Sailors In Mumbai Test Positive For Coronavirus. Mumbai 25 Indian Navy sailors test positive for Coronavirus. Coronavirus Injustice To Lockdown Says Nitish Kumar On Buses For Students. Imagine if it were Owaisis or some other Muslim politicians kids wedding Indian hypocrisy is disgusting. Under Indias caste system Dalits are considered untouchable. The coronavirus is intensifying that slur. When you are bored af due to coronavirusinindia Covid19 and have nothing better to do than to bring out your inner poet to life Here is my odd to QuarantineTime QuarantineLife. Wah Modi Ji Are the migrants and poor getting more than one meal a day Surely you have collected more than 100 Crores: [deleted]. Wah Modi Ji Are the migrants and poor getting more than one meal a day Surely you have collected more than 100 Crores: [deleted]. Wah Modi Ji Are the migrants and poor getting more than one meal a day Surely you have collected more than 100 Crores: [deleted]. Wah Modi Ji Are the migrants and poor getting more than one meal a day Surely you have collected more than 100 Crores: [deleted]. Wah Modi Ji Are the migrants and poor getting more than one meal a day Surely you have collected more than 100 Crores. My University is forcing students to take online exams.: I study in a Tier1 university which has students from all over India including places where Internet doesnt works properly. We were supposed to have our mid semester exams and the lockdown happened. So our university forced online classes so they can say they have completed their syllabus. And now they are forcing us to take our exams online when most of the students dont have good internet connection. What can we do. Photos and charts show how the natural world is thriving now that humans are staying indoors. Not endorsing him not hating the other guy. This is something I found relevant for whats to come. Its on my mind as well and I hope a few others too. . The army has directed its personnel not to use Aarogya Setu mobile app designed to help control spread of Coronavirus in office premises operation areas and sensitive locations.. How did we do: [removed]. India TV uses 2017 video to falsely claim Islamic preacher provoked Jamaatis to spit. Supplies are getting dangerously low. Gujarat Institute Identifies 3 New Mutations Of Novel Coronavirus Report. So the U.S. provides monetary aid to Pakistan. What about India. Maharashtra tells landlords to defer rent collection by at least three months. It appears that Ivermectin might help reduce severity of hospitalised or intubated COVID patients: [removed]. Is the world aggrieved with China amp Covid19 crisis and how it might respond. Global COVID19 Pandemic in Interesting Charts amp Graphs. India Lockdown Short Story: [removed]. Maharashtra govt orders landlords to postpone rent collection for 3 months says no tenant should be evicted for nonpayment of dues. COVID19 Shared Manifold Ventilator for India: [removed]. Interview with Manish Sisodia Have Lost 60 of Our Revenue Economic Future Looks Uncertain. Expectations on BCG must be tempered by reality and lack of evidence. How Corona Virus India In Hindi. How things will pan out for India in the coming weeks and months in relation to Covid19: Im really keen to understand and hear your views on what will happen in the coming weeks and months especially I read in the news that now the infection rate is going to double every six days very soon it will be much more shorter days and I believe in the past days or 1000 people were being confirmed infected every day so Im not sure how the April 20th ease off for certain activities is really going to work So Do you think things are gonna get worse or not. Coronavirus Does Not Check Religion. Doubling of COVID19 cases reduced after lockdown Health Ministry. PMCares to be audited by independent auditors selected by its trustees including the prime minister. How much testing is enough testing :  Every time someone mentions that the number of Covid cases are low in India you are likely to meet the We arent doing enough testing quote. When you consider the data point of tests per million you will see India faring quite bad but again most of the other countries arent dealing with a huge population crisis or even the vastness of a country like ours. So dont you think no matter how many tests we conduct we are anyways going to fare lowly in that metric point So my question is why are we complaining about the low number of tests per million and is it actually a valid data point for us to ponder over Data Source [https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/fbclidIwAR0rPARsFSNUOELY26A42qOPNzsW3jexASVVF5uIeTWKTcRu2uPvKe480countries]https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/fbclidIwAR0rPARsFSNUOELY26A42qOPNzsW3jexASVVF5uIeTWKTcRu2uPvKe480countries If you notice China which is our closest in terms of population has played with their numbers to an extent where no one knows whats real or whats not. So what metric can I look at and say Hey the govt is not doing that bad a job or Hey its a shit show out there I recently came across this thread on twitter which flew over my head. Feel free to go through it [https//twitter.com/karthiks/status/1250362089585033216s20]https//twitter.com/karthiks/status/1250362089585033216s20 He uses statistical theories to rebuke the claim that more testing is better for a nation. Happy to hear your thoughts.. Andhra Pradesh CM YS Jaganmohan Reddy got tested for COVID19 today. His test result came negative. The CM was tested with a rapid test kit after the State received 1 lakh rapid test kits from South Korea.. Delhi Hospital Fires Doctor for Social Media Posts on Shortage of Protective Gear Masks. Test not find not The governments failure to detect trace and isolate infected persons in the nearly twomonthlong window of opportunity it had to protect people from the coronavirus shows its irresponsible handling of the COVID19 crisis.. Startup in Kerala develops AIpowered drone to combat COVID19. Indian fishermen caught out by virus lockdown dock after weeks at sea. Kneaded Flour for the Stray Doggos. Made 16 Chapatti and fed 7 dogs and a very hungry cow.. 5 Free Productive Things to do in Lock down l English. Corona ko hai harana marathi vedio explaining the true situation.. Bengaluru Students developed a hyperlocal information and fact gathering site to help their community against COVID19. Video of women spitting inside houses in Rajasthans Kota given false Muslim angle. Shamshan Khabrastan graveyard.. Ovais Sultan Khan on Twitter: [deleted]. Effective PPC and Social Advertising Tips During COVID19: [deleted]. India is all set to import second hand ventilators as Covid19 cases shoot up. Gujarat institute identifies 3 new mutations of novel coronavirus. Gujarat Institute Identifies 3 New Mutations Of Novel Coronavirus Report: [deleted]. India exporting medicines and Pak Army Chiefs stinging takedown of Islamabad india news. Attack on Coronavirus ANIME. Coronavirus in Rajasthan Five cops injured in attack in Kasai Mohalla area in Tonk during curfew hospitalised. As per the police the attack took place in a planned manner.. 200 Buses From UPs Agra To Be Sent To Kota In Rajasthan To Evacuate Students. Rs 500 notes lay on Delhi street no one touches due to coronavirus fear india news. As the mercury soars heres one more PIBFactcheck Claim ACs should not be used to cool off in the heat as they spread Covid19 Fact Its a little complicated. Window ACs are ok but not central airconditioning. Lets listen to this segment from DDNewslive. WHO DirectorGenerals opening remarks at the media briefing on COVID19 15 April 2020. The US Surgeon General once warned against wearing face masks for the coronavirus but the CDC now recommends it. 32 Deaths 1076 New Coronavirus Cases In India In Last 24 Hours. 302956 samples tested by ICMR so far. Maharashtra govt orders landlords to not evict tenants delay rent by 3 months india news. Mumbai University extends summer break to take a decision on examinations after May 3. 3336 Indians infected abroad 785 in Kuwait 634 in Singapore India News Times of India. Agra first 100bed multispecialty Covid19 facility becomes functional Agra News Times of India. Lockdown double whammy for Karnatakas ASHA workers. Karnataka UG PG exams likely in June first week Times of India. COVID19 Indias coronavirus lockdown makes the Ganges river cleaner.. India fighting Covid19 globally Pakistan busy exporting terror Army Chief Gen Naravane India News Times of India. Arvind Kejriwal govts Operation SHIELD delivers success in Covid19 hotspots. India sending hydroxychloroquine to 55 coronavirushit countries. Karnataka sees record singleday rise in cases Indias tally tops 13000. India charges Tablighi Jamaat chief with culpable homicide after coronavirus surge. Agriculture Minister Shri Narendra Singh Tomar launches Kisan RathMobile App to facilitate transportation of foodgrains and perishables during lockdown. At Nikhil Kumaraswamys wedding social distancing vanishes. What do you think can be reason for less coronavirus cases in India as compared to other highly populated Asian/western countries: Note not being negative about such low cases nor attacking any political ideology you support on serious note Im curious about your thoughts on such low cases.. Check COVID19 Cases in your State India Total Cases 13663 Total Deaths 450 Total Recovered 1793 Corona Outbreak Updates. This virus has been in India for 3 months the mutation doesnt happen too quickly. Whatever vaccine comes out now it will work in the future as well if the virus mutates Dr. Gangakhedkar ICMR. Govt of India has launched Covid19 patient tracking app Aarogya Setu tutorial. COVID19 Devotees violate lockdown norms by participating in chariot pulling festival at Kalaburagi police file FIR City Times of India Videos. Covid19 in Delhi Shaheen Bagh declared as containment zone. IndianAmerican Democratic Congressman Joins White House Board. 1 Metre Social Distance My Home Is 2 Metres Long Mumbai Slums Problem. Coronavirus Govt lab claims to have identified novel mutations. Graph showing Nonvirus deaths related to Covid19: [https//thejeshgn.com/projects/covid19india/nonvirusdeaths/]https//thejeshgn.com/projects/covid19india/nonvirusdeaths/ Im not the creator of the page I stumbled on this in an article thought its worth sharing.. Expect 100 Covid19 cases a day in Ahmedabad Vijay Nehra Ahmedabad News Times of India. Gujarat Industry to resume work on April 20 Ahmedabad News Times of India. Long queues outside ration shops since 5am Amaravati News Times of India. Kerala Institute Makes New Diagnostic Test Kit That Can Confirm Covid19 Samples in 2 Hrs for Rs 1000. Whatspp News Network: [removed]. The case for Covid19 cases in India: Alright since theres a lot going on lets start with the basics A Quick recall A new virus strain emerges out of the Wuhan Province of China last December China declares it on Jan 1 then WHO declares it a Public health Emergency on 30th January then a pandemic on 11th March A Pandemic is rapid spread of a disease amidst a large populace within a short interval of time spanning multiple continents. Mass hysteria follows as it usually does these days. Experts suggest social distancing as the best way to ensure lower spread of disease forcing the government to finally act and ensure shutdown measures so that our especially overwhelmed healthcare system doesnt get even more so. The name of this Novel new Coronavirus is now SARSCoV2 Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 since it being a cousinnot sibling for thats reserved for its mutations of the SARS Coronavirus a virus responsible for the 2003 SARS pandemic which spread primarily in the South Eastern Countries and caused 770 deaths and 8000 infected people worldwide Heres the case since this is a new virus in town we cannot possibly diagnose an infected person without testing him/her this is NOT a seasonal fever/flu virus this is 10 times deadlier and has an incubation period time it can stay alive inside human body of 14 days unlike the 3 days of seasonal flu. Also a person who is a carrierwho has the virus inside but doesnt fall sick will be better able to spread the virus compared to a sick person who gets noticed and screened out Best example of this being the 19 year old way out of highrisk age groups of 60 years amp above Pizza Delivery guy with no foreign travel history in Delhi who tested positive resulting in 70 families being quarantined. Point I am trying to make here is that that you cant confirm Covid19 cases until you have enough Covid19 tests done. Indias share of Covid19 tests is 0.2 for every 1000 people The Math Total population of our country being 1350689521 divided by 286714 number of tests according to last nights data would be 4710.92 which per thousand is 0.21. Meaning India has only conducted 0.2 tests per 1000 people one of the lowest in the world and the lowest in per capita. Concurrently the places with highest number of cases also are the ones who conducted the most number of tests which isnt mere coincidence. The Propaganda As of writing this India has 13425 positive cases with 446 deaths and 1756 recovered which is being hailed as monumental achievement compared to other developed countries who have much more sophisticated healthcare systems than we can even imagine. This narrative being pushed by the Authorities is even bigger reason to worry than the pandemic since it is based on either them duping themselves or the people either way we all lose. The dunning Kruger Dr RR Gangakhedkar of the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR has said in a statement that India is conducting 24 test for every one positive case diagnosed which is much higher than Japans 11.7 Italys 6.7 amp US 5.3. Quite frankly this metric escapes my understanding because If we can conduct tests for 24 individuals for every single positive case and if the growth trends in the cases follow then well be able to test each and every one of 1.3 billion citizens in a couple of weeks. Not sure there are currently enough test kits in the world let alone in India for pulling off such a feat. Say out of a sample of 500 of such 24 individuals tests we get one positive caseoptimistically speaking then currently we have 112557 infected people who havent been diagnosed yet a number which will significantly spike by the time they are identified let alone tested.. Ayesha Takia and husband Farhan Azmi turn their Mumbai hotel into quarantine facility. Coronaviru Update Migrants In Mumbai Stuck Between Hunger And COVID19 Seek To Go Home. COVID19 Pune cops made lockdown violators sit on road for 4 hours City Times of India Videos. Private schools can only charge tuition fee during lockdown Delhi deputy CM Delhi News Times of India. UP CM Yogi Adityanath Attach property of those attacking health workers police. India stars under fire for antiMuslim tweets: [deleted]. COVID19 Sree Chitras new test kit set to bring sampletoresult time below two hours: Thiruvananthapuram \ The Sree Chitra Tirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology SCTIMST here has developed a much cheaper and faster diagnostic test kit Chitra Gene LAMPN which is highly confirmatory for the diagnosis of COVID19 that has claimed over 400 lives in the country. The test kit can detect the N Gene of SARS COV2 using reverse transcriptase loopmediated amplification of viral nucleic acid RTLAMP. We are not aware of anybody else in the world doing lamp for N gene for coronavirus Institute Director Dr Asha Kishore told PTI. This technology is much cheaper faster can check 100 per cent matching with PCR Polymerase chain reaction and accuracy. It will be very easy to deploy it across the country being very costeffective she said. This will be one of the worlds first few if not the first confirmatory diagnostic test for N gene of SARSCoV2 using the RTLAMP technique. The test kit which is highly specific for SARSCoV2 Ngene can detect two regions of the gene which will ensure that the test does not fail even if one region of the viral gene undergoes mutation during its current spread a press release from the institute said. The institute has informed the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR about the test kit and is awaiting approval. Using Chitra Gene LAMPN the gene detection time is 10 minutes and the sample to result time from RNA extraction in swab to RTLAMP detection time will be less than two hours\she said adding 30 samples can be tested in a single batch in a single machine.\ The significantly lower machine waiting time will allow large number of samples to be tested each day in a single machine in multiple shifts she said. \ The kit was developed by a team led by Dr Anoop Thekkuveettil a senior Scientist of the Biomedical Technology Wing of the Institute and scientistincharge of the division of molecular medicine under the Department of Applied Biology in the last three weeks. The new device for LAMP testing costs around Rs 2.5 lakh and the test kit for two regions of N geneincluding RNA extraction will be less than Rs 1000/test while the RT PCR machine costs around Rs 15 lakh to Rs 40 lakh and the PCR kit cost is Rs 19002500/test. The testing facility can be easily set up even in the laboratories of district hospitals with limited facilities and trained laboratory techniciansDr Asha said. \ Source [Sree Chitra develops cheaper faster diagnostic test kit]https//keralakaumudi.com/en/news/news.phpid284942ampusreechitradevelopscheaperfasterdiagnostictestkitforcovid19 [Shashi Tharoor tweet]https//twitter.com/ShashiTharoor/status/1250993395117379584 [AIR]http//www.newsonair.com/MainNewsDetails.aspxid385842 . Someone please credit the author.: [deleted]. covid19 tracker for india. COVID19 Record 4591 Americans Die In Last 24 Hours Inventiva. Current state of T2 Mumbai Airport. China Revises Coronavirus Figures In Epicentre Wuhan Death Toll Jumps To 4632 Inventiva. What nation can learn from Kerala Lockdown is not enough Preparedness decentralisation are key. The Disabled People need your help: We at NADE help the Disabled by providing them employment opportunities to earn their living through their own effort and hardwork and become financially independent. However due to the Corona Virus outbreak and the nation wide lockdown they do not have any means of earning their daily wages putting their family in a serious financial crisis. Without any source of income they are on the verge of starving and succumbing to much more serious health problems. To provide them with Basic essential grocery items we have come up with a list which will cost approx 80/ Per day to feed a family of Four. We request you to Donate as much as possible and help these people in need. Lets stand up together and help each other in the time of Crisis. You can use the link below to donate https//rzp.io/l/CV19ERF. Why does India have so few Covid19 cases and deaths. Some colony folks had put up barricades blocking locality entrances without any permission from the police or any other authority.: Another incident from my locality after the last two that I had posted earlier. Some people hsd closed a bunch of colony entrance roads with bamboo barricades with help from a friend of mine who runs a decoration business. This happened 2 days ago without any permission from police and now if anyone needed to go out to buy essentials they would be forced to use a gulli small road just beside the barricade. Note One of those people had stated two weeks ago on the colony WhatsApp group that he had seen a vegetable vendor licking the vegetables and when he screamed and tried to catch him he ran away. I and many of my friends dont believe him as he is a far right wnger who wants the complete destruction of muslims judging from some of his past WhatsApp forwards. Also theres no way a vendor with a heavy vegetable carrying thela can outrun the man who saw him licking The problem with the barricades The people living around that gully road began having problems with everyone going from that side. Infuriated they put up a barricade as well. One of my friends who lives just beside the barricades just called me and told that a couple of police vehicles arrived and those people were called. They were scolded heavily and were warned to not do anything like this again. The barricades were then removed. I was extremely angry at the fact that they didnt even think of other people who live there while putting up barricades without permission. It was an unnecessary move that didnt serve any purpose. Someone from the colony had reportedly phoned the police yesterday and Im glad that they were removed.. Any foreigners currently in India How are you doing: I am a foreigner as well in South India and was curious as to where others may be and how they are fairing.. Watch COVID19 Lockdown Ahmedabad Mall Turns Into Temporary Shelter for Migrant Workers on YouTube.  : [removed]. Virar woman walks for nearly 25 days to get two sons home. Is washing vegetables and fruits with detergent safe: My dad has become super paranoid since the outbreak started in India and has been washing vegetables in water which has Surf Excel dissolved in it and letting them dry immediately before using them for cooking. Hes done that with tomatoes ginger lemons carrots chillies grapes etc. How safe are they for consumption The outer layer of most vegetables tend to be porous so Im worried that they may absorb some of the detergent. My mom suggested to wash them using salt or caustic soda instead. So who is right and who is wrong What precautions should we take when we bring in vegetables and fruits from outside. 94 health department officials in Madhya Pradesh now infected with virus. Coronavirus 40 kids in Andhra test positive for Covid19 after family members return from Tabligh Jaamat event. A Rejoinder PIB and ICMR did not respond to questions after claiming report on task force was fake news. I am so afraid Indias poor face worlds largest lockdown. This is how HD Kumaraswamys hosting a Covidproof wedding for his son Nikhil today. Do You Know 52 Some Positive Stories of Past Week to Take Your Mind of the Gloominess Part 3 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Lockdown relief reveals Purulia secret PDS cards as loan collateral. Wuhan just revised its Covid19 death toll up by 50: [deleted]. Delhi to start plasma trials for serious cases. Bangalore Covid Hotspots 38 Bengaluru localities declared hotspots.. For 36 hours body of popular Meghalaya doctor wasnt given a resting place. Sweet dal khichdi longing for meat add to migrant despair in Gujarat. Crowds gathered in Kalaburagi in Karnataka for Siddhalingeshwara chariot processionnon Thursday. This is the district with 3 Covid19 deaths including Indias first Coronavirus fatality. Kerala man forced to walk with ailing father in arms after police stop auto. Discussion I mean is it really that big a deal: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/tp6cdm8xzat41.jpgwidth590ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps0e576215d4afbb6128496cdbd1172559a5449957 Yeah Yeah i know its bad form to downplay corona virus right now. But if the mortality rate is 0.2 in 10 39 range and 0.4 in 3940 range then the overall mortality rate would be about 0.32 0.35 in under 50 range. Why not let people under 50 to go back to work with the obvious restrictions ....compulsory face mask and gloves ....some social distancing ....safeguards like temperature check ...companies that allow only under 50 years aged employees to work and also implement basic safeguards to be allowed to function after getting permission from authorities etc ... I mean according to \[govt of india figures\] [http//www.cghr.org/wordpress/wpcontent/uploads/Causes\of\death\200103.pdf]http//www.cghr.org/wordpress/wpcontent/uploads/Causesofdeath200103.pdf/ In the age group 2569 the leading causes of death in this age group are Cardiovascular diseases 25 COPD asthma other respiratory 10.2 Tuberculosis 10.1 Malignant and other neoplasms 9 Symptoms signs and illdefined conditions 5.3 Digestive diseases 5.1 Diarrhoeal diseases 5 Unintentional injuries Other 4.6 Intentional selfharm or suicide 3 and Malaria 2.8. India \ Adult mortality rate between age 15 and 60 In 2015 adult mortality rate for India was 31.43 deaths per 100 population. so even if we end up with 25 of the allowed adult population 049 years infected with corona virus over the next 6 months ....the mortality rate is only 0.35 which means death toll of 95000 or 0.007 of population Keep in mind 90 of corona virus infections are asymptomatic so only 45 of the infected actually end up needing hospitalization. Ok ....you can shoot me down now and say i am missing the point and have got it all wrong. Just be gentle.. Chinas Wuhan Raises COVID19 Death Toll By 50 Admits To Missed Cases. In Rajasthan The Economic Impact Of Lockdown Could Outweigh The Coronavirus Health Crisis: [deleted]. COVID cases in India jump by 437 in 24 hours toll rises to 41. Rahul Gandhi Is Right On COVID19 Strategy Even If You Dismiss Him As Pappu. Indian parents in UAE watch sons funeral in Kerala on Facebook. COVID19 India allows rural poor to work in virus lockdown. The human cost of Indias coronavirus lockdown Deaths by hunger starvation suicide and more. Uttar Pradesh becomes first State in the country to start pool testing of corona virus samples. Rich people brought COVID19 to State Tamil Nadu CM. CATastrophe averted as India court rules on COVID19 lockdown. Haryana to screen every person in state says Anil Vij Chandigarh News Times of India. HYDERABAD Man creates corona car for public awareness. Sudhakar who runs quirky museum Sudha Cars unveiled the innovative car Wednesday. Maharashtra 218 cases of fake news and hate speeches on social media since lockdown Mumbai News Times of India. Covid19 MP with 361 new cases sets singleday record 244 in Indore alone India News Times of India. Covid19 Only 1 in every 24 samples ve govt says India News Times of India. Kangana Ranauts sister Rangoli Chandels Twitter account suspended over shoot mullas post. Baby born inside labourers shanty in Pune family gets medical help after 20 days. Bought air tickets during lockdown Full refund likely Times of India. A Tweet Asking For Muslims And Journalists To Be Shot Stayed Up On Twitter For Almost A Day: [deleted]. Police Officer feeding an amputee Monkey. Originally posted in r/HumanBeingBros . Should I really be scared of the delivery executives after what happened today: I guess its kind of a CMV. I was thinking about how cooking food requires daily interaction with local grocers for veggies and wanted to compare it with ordering food under lockdown. PS I can do both. 1. Supposing delivery executives do 15orders a day they get to interact with 30 different people. A grocer will be interacting daily with suppliers and customers and the count would be much higher. 2. You going to the grocer means interacting directly with a potential carriersince they are interacting with more people. You meeting a delivery executive should be lower risk because the executive would at max be an intermediate carrier and and 2nd degree. 3. Todays case the employee was a a Box8 employee. I am not sure if they are as strict and vigilant as swiggy or zomato. 4. Ordering meat dishes will always be more nutritious than cooking eggs and veggies provided the cost is affordable. 5. The only con I can think of with delivery executives is that they will be driving to all parts of the city even potential virus hotspots. You grocer will be in your locality. His suppliers might come from other parts but in this case grocer becomes 2nd degree. The suppliers and customers would also be almost same everyday while for delivery executives they would almost certainly be meeting different people every day. My mind is biased towards ordering and so I wanted to get some counter arguments and whether my line of thinking is correct here. Currently I order only curry while I make rice/roti at home. This makes me order once or twice in two days. If you are ordering rice/roti/noodles your mileage will decrease both in cost and quantity.. Current state of CSMIA Mumbai: [deleted]. Pune Maharashtra Rural SP Sandip Patil Having Lunch at Home and Maintaining Distance From his Family . Police officer feeding an amputee monkey. Originally posted in r/HumanBeingBros : [deleted]. what more to expect. Coronavirus outbreak timeline India hits top 20. US India working jointly on Covid vaccine Pompeo India News Times of India. How Indias Kerala state flattened the curve. Will India save its hospitals before they save India. Cases will be around for 6 to 9 months. Is India really handling well against Covid19. ED files money laundering case against Tablighi Jamaat leader Maulana Saad Kandhalvi Officials. Odisha Government sanctions an additional fund of Rs 8018000 from Chief Ministers Relief Fund to various Urban local bodies to feed stray animals during the extended lockdown period. State Govt had earlier sanctioned Rs 54 lakh for the purpose.. ABP News v/s Rubika Liyaquat 180degree turn on communalizing migrant crisis near Bandra station: [deleted]. Indian Railways Marks Anniversary Without Passengers First Time In 167 Years.  . Will get uglier when the lockdown opens Muslims in Haryana targeted due to COVID19 rumours. Pune 62 pregnant women came in contact with sonographer who tested COVID19 positive. Covid 19 India tracker 325 districts Covid19 free no case in 27 in 14 days India News Times of India. Mumbai police use old DD show titles to spread awareness about coronavirus Mumbai News Times of India. News channel gets notice for allegedly hinting PM will throw money from helicopter. My parents are still forcing our maid come to our place.: My parents are still forcing our maid come to our place. Inspite of protests by me and my close relatives they are not listening and giving illogical arguments. What should I do now as we are also living near a major coronavirus hotspot. After No Response Of Rapid Test Kits From China India Starts To Manufacture Its Own Inventiva. Coronavirus Brings Kannada Film Industry To Its Knees Inventiva. Cant Evacuate Indians From Overseas Centre Tells HC Inventiva. From Slowdown To Lockdown How India amp Indians Are Facing Issues One After Another. Inventiva. G20 Meeting India Taking All Necessary Measures Against Covid19 Says Finance Minister Inventiva. What Would Have Been The Condition Of The Country If There Would Have Not Been Any Lockdown In India Inventiva. Under lockdown in Europe Indian students go online to protest inequalities back home keep up with academics Firstpost. COVID19 Delhi Govt Plans To Conduct Tests On People Engaged In Delivering Essential Services Inventiva. Jedi Keepers of the Quarantine. Pandemic Is a Portal Arundhati Roy on COVID19 in India Imagining Another World ampamp Fighting for It. Help researchers understand how the COVID19 Pandemic is affecting you: [deleted]. What COVID19 Does to Your Body. India sending hydroxychloroquine to 55 coronavirushit countries. What lockdown Thousands in Karnataka pull chariot participate in Siddalingeshwara fair. 55 fresh COVID19 cases reported in Rajasthan. Gotta catch them all bhaijaan. 14 new COVID19 cases reported from Kashmir over 58000 under surveillance in JK. India fixes data privacy flaws in aarogya setu coronavirus app. Maha govt initiates action against Times Now for fake news story on Jitendra Awhads daughter. No Room for Social Distancing A Look at Indias Housing and Sanitation Conditions. SALMAN KHAN Strong Message To India on Covid19. Karnataka People in large numbers today participated in a religious festival in Chitapur Kalaburagi district amid lockdown to contain COVID19 transmission.. My gut tells me the corona situation in India has gone out of hands.: [removed]. India coronavirus Tablighi Jamaat leader on manslaughter charge over Covid19. Massive Religious Gathering In Kalburgi District Karnataka Police Act As Mute Spectators. Dont Blame Muslims amp Sikhs For COVID19 Akal Takht Jathedar: [deleted]. Karnataka People in large numbers today participated in a religious festival in Chitapur Kalaburagi district amid lockdown to contain COVId19 transmission. SC Refuses To Entertain Homeo Doctors Plea To Explore Alternate Medicines For COVID19. ICMR plans plasma therapy clinical trials in 2 weeks to treat critical Covid19 cases. Is Aarogya Setu privacyfirst Nope but it could beIf the government wanted.. India coronavirus Tablighi Jamaat leader on manslaughter charge over Covid19. Stuck in Lockdown French Family Waits in UP Village to Carry on Road Trip. Have consulted 1213 doctors in family HD Kumaraswamy defends planning sons grand wedding amid lockdown. Police Must Do This Health Workers in Moradabad UP Wont Go DoorToDoor. Covid19 Chhattisgarh to provide free ration even to those without a card for one month says CM. Rapid Testing Working For India Against Coronavirus. Rumour express. 12.59 per cent of Indias Covid19 tests done in Mumbai BMC. Salman Khan berates people breaking lockdown rules salutes healthcare workers in video. We won but at what cost: [deleted]. We won but at what cost. Covid 19 is a rich mans disease Tamil Nadu CM. What the world can learn from Kerala about how to fight covid19. 68 nurses and doctors quarantined after Corona patients hides disease. There is a series of youtube videos being circulated about astrology etc. Please tell me if there is anything wrong with it: [deleted]. With 12 new coronavirus cases Uttar Pradesh tally at 558. Security Guard Accused Of Infecting 3 Of Delhi Family COVID19 Negative. Covid19 Awareness Initiative. Exclusive Iran Invents Coronavirus Machine Detect In 5 Seconds. We won but at what cost : [deleted]. Kashmir halts sample collection after 5000 test kits mysteriously diverted to Jammu. India Canada Australia among top to control Covid outbreak. India received 5 lakh rapid coronavirus testing kits from China Health ministry. [Live] Coronavirus in India Live Updates 24/7 State Wise Count Death Infections and News: [deleted]. India tests 24 people for one positive case Japan tests 11.7 Italy 6.7 US tests 5.3 cant say India testing less ICMR. Dying Alone Because Of Covid19 A Doctors View. [Live] Coronavirus in India Live Updates 24/7 State Wise Count Death Infections and News. Minds Have Been Poisoned HP Villagers On Attack on JampK Workers: [deleted]. Friend shot at for coughing during game of ludo in Uttar Pradesh. [Live] Coronavirus in India Live Updates 24/7 State Wise Count Death Infections and News. Coronavirus pandemic Soon India to start human clinical trials of ayurvedic drugs to treat COVID19. How not to report A lesson from Republic TV Times Now ABP covering Bandra migrants. While We Are Busy Blaming Muslims In India China Is Moving Ahead With A Clean Chit For Coronavirus Inventiva. To all the nasedis stuck at home. Evaluating Modi Governments Handling Of COVID19 Crisis. Govt of India has launched Covid19 patient tracking app Aarogya Setu tutorial: [deleted]. Told no need to eat twice a day to live Woman at Pune camp for migrant workers pune news. Delhi Tops the tests per million chart. Coronavirus Artificial Intelligence Enabled Voice Tool Designed By Mumbai Professor To Detect COVID19 Being Tested In Rome. IPL 2020 suspended until further notice due to Covid19 season will commence only when it is safe BCCI. COVID19 Around 90 per cent of total cases deaths in Maharashtra reported from Mumbai Pune. 11 new coronavirus cases in Dharavi slum area tally rises to 71. Just discovered ePass system in Aarogya Setu. Andhra Pradesh 40 children test positive for coronavirus. Moradabad Yogi Adityanath orders action under NSA against 17 arrested for attack on ambulance cops. Indian gold demand could hit threedecade low as lockdown hits festivals weddings. Indias COVID19 fatality rate is 3.3 and the recovery rate is 12 Health Ministry. Rahul Gandhi says divide country into zones adopt NYAY scheme to fight coronavirus. No Delhi Health Minister did not say no one from Nizamudin Markaz tested positive for COVID19 Alt News. Griha launches building fitness indicator amid corona virus pendemic to tackle post covid office openings for organizations: [deleted]. Animation of Active Cases of COVID19 in Indian States by Date. India dials up medical diplomacy sends 85 mn HCQ tablets to 108 countries. Surat records highest single day spike of 22 Covid19 positive cases on Thursday Surat News Times of India. Covid19 in Mumbai Milkman tests positive in city slum City Times of India Videos. Lockdown Guidelines India Second Phase. Delhi Corona Update 72 south Delhi families told to selfquarantine after pizza delivery boy tests positive Delhi News Times of India. PPEs incomplete Delhi hospital staff make do with wrappers. Residents in Mumbai hotspots to be given HCQ as a preventive. Over 1000 cases in Delhi are Markaz cases says state health minister india news. 6.50 lakh medical kits to fight coronavirus dispatched from China Indian envoy India News Times of India. Coronavirus Daily Updates Delhi to Use Plasma Technique to Treat Patients The Wire Science. For one stop Political Agendas and other garbage of Judging folks and lets just work on helping our fellow people in India to Beat Covid 19: 1. Start treating them as Humans and help out with food water and some cash if you can spare it to those around you. Masks as well if you can afford to spare them. Will help those. Help those around you 2. Stop blaming various political factions and follow the rules while coming up with solutions for our problems just pointing them out doenst help anyone 3. Covid 19 is dangerous and treat it so volunteer and raise awareness amongst everyone you can reach around you about the virus and ways to stay safe washing hands etc 4. Start with those around you thats how change starts 5. Just stay safe stay at home how much ever you can and keep yourself healthy try to eat healthy light and meditate do yoga relax and spend time with your family and friends etc... You really dont know what you have until you lose it.. COVID19 Lockdown Over 100 Million Face Food Insecurity If PDS Is Not Universalised. Doing the maths Why India should introduce a Covid wealth tax on the ultra rich. India charges Tablighi Jammat chief with culpable homicide for coronavirus surge. The real doom entails...: [removed]. Stay home stay safe message by Hussain. I wrote an article about Risks and Fallout of Community spread in India. Its published in a website my friend and I created. Please read and share your thoughts. Ironic: [deleted]. Total number of CORONOVIRUS cases in INDIAN states explained in a video. China sends underwear masks to Pakistan Is this true . China Should Not Shut The Activists Who Are Exposing It. I have to urgently travel from Mumbai to BelgaumKarnataka. What to do: [removed].  . Ayurveda Experiment on Karnatakas Coronavirus Patients Conflicting Claims Arise on Trial Permission. COVID19 Statewise tracker for coronavirus cases deaths and testing rates. COVID19 Major consignment of testing kits arriving from China today. What happens after Covid19 settles downBTech point of view Need advice.: So I am a Btech Computer Science student who was supposed to pass out this year. Classes have been cancelled exams postponed etc. I had got a good placement from my college campus selection which the company just informed we wont be getting since the economic state of the company is not good for hiring any more people. We werent allowed to sit in any other placement as we can only participate in placement with a higher package than the ones we already have. Now Iand some of my friends have lost my only placement. I always had a plan to directly go for a jo after Btech and then decide what to do with my future. Now that that plan got absolutely ruined what do I do I havent written the GATE exam nor am I preparing for any other such exams. Going abroad also doesnt seem likely considering the current scenario. My final question is Is this batch of BTech pass outs officially ed. VIDEO West Bengal Journalist assaulted for exposing violation of Coronavirus lockdown. Ahmedabad Mall Turns Into Temporary Shelter for Migrant Workers. Physical Distance Social Unity How Indias Red State Got on Top of Coronavirus. Comprehensive daily report by MEDD about Maharashtras Covid19 situation update as of April 16 2020. Students need not pay college fees till lockdown is lifted says AICTE. Karnataka Minister Sets Example By Sweeping Streets Amid Lockdown. Karnataka Government releases COVID 19 Dashboard: I wish all other states could also show that level of transparency. [Link to the dashboard]https//ksdm.karnataka.gov.in/coviddashboard/dashboard.html. Andhra Pradesh 40 children test positive for coronavirus. Six hospitals in Kolkata Howrah shut after patients doctors test positive. Pizza delivery boy tests positive 72 families in South Delhi ordered to quarantine themselves. 400 families block Bengal highway for 3 hours alleging no food amid lockdown. Indias management in fighting Covid19 have been better than other developed countries so far.. Covid19 Tablighi head six others booked for culpable homicide. Indias management in fighting Covid19 have been better than other developed countries so far.. Is India safe from COVID19 effects due to its hot and humid climate. Ahead of delivery pregnant woman tests positive made to wait for 30 hours for treatment. Corona update. Do You Know 51 Unique and Creative ways Kerala is fighting Covid19 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Coronavirus started in Chinese lab not market: [deleted]. Bengaluru Water Bodies Look Cleaner 3 Weeks Into Coronavirus Lockdown. Coronavirus Russian arms firm to donate 2 million to PM CARES Fund: [deleted]. Tens of thousands of Chinese PPE kits fail India safety test. Coronavirus Assam Gets 50000 COVID19 Protective Gear From China. GOVT. OF INDIA ACTION PLAN COVID19 Containment Measures Meeting with States and Districts. The coronavirus app Narendra Modi endorsed is a privacy disaster. How Indias Kerala state flattened the curve. Indian Goverment Extend Lockdown till 3rd may 2020 conformed by Indias PM Narendra Modi: [removed]. When it ends...: [deleted]. Salman Khan Strong Message To India. Covid19 Vegetable Vendors Now Being Identified According To Religion. COVID19 Response FundWHO. Bollywood Actor Salman Khan released a video sending a message to his fans on the coronavirus and appealed to them to stay home. Funny how you wont find this news being shared as compared to the Moradabad pelting incident. This is selective outrage.: [deleted]. FUCKING SONS OF BITCHES. Mods ki mkb: [deleted]. Maharashtra Covid19 mortality rate highest in the world: [deleted]. Salman khan giving strong message to indian people on COVID19.. since they breaking the rules. Corona Update India Reports 11439 Cases And 377 Deaths. The USCIRF must stop adding religious colour to our national goal of fighting the COVID 19 pandemic.. Coronavirus COVID19 Megathread News and Updates 4: [Covid19 Fundraisers amp Donation Links]https//amnesty.org.in/supportindiasmostvulnerablefightcovid19alistoffundraisersyoucandonateto/ via Amnesty International [This link covers]https//amnesty.org.in/supportindiasmostvulnerablefightcovid19alistoffundraisersyoucandonateto/ Migrant Workers DayLabourers Other Vulnerable Groups Urban Poor Transgender Community Wastepickers and Sanitation Workers Healthcare Workers and Doctors Older Persons amp Children and Animal Care Indian Goverment [Official Twitter Collection of Indian Govt. Communications]https//twitter.com/i/events/1240662046280048646 [State and District Wise Details of Cases in India]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/DistrictWiseList324.pdf All India Helplines 1075 Toll Free 1930 Toll Free 1944 Northeast India Only 911123978046 Email ID ncov2019gov.in [State Helpline Numbers]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdf [Test Centers List]https//covid.icmr.org.in/index.php/testingfacilities State Specific Threads via Reddit community [Andaman ampamp Nicobar Lakshadweep Puducherry Dadra ampamp Nagar Haveli Daman ampamp Diu]https//www.reddit.com/r/CoronaIndia/comments/fqmry7/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdates/ via u/TheDosaMan [Bihar]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/ftky3g/covid19everyupdatesfrombihar/ via u/FilmmakerFarhan [Delhi]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fu2v1h/allcovid19updatesofdelhi/ via u/ppccbba [Gujarat]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fw07cd/covid19gujaratupdates via u/helvetikka [Karnataka]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fpv4xk/karnatakacovid19updates/ via u/TheClassicGallery [Kerala]https//www.reddit.com/r/Kerala/comments/fgc8m6/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdates/ via u/nithinvnath [Madhya Pradesh]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fpt2jw/mpcovid19megathread/ via u/maardonbhenji [Maharashtra]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fq2vqj/covid19updatesformaharashtra/ via u/hrishidev [Odisha]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/frstw5/covid19allupdatesforodisha via u/aviakki1 [Nagaland]https//www.reddit.com/user/ImSoDone/comments/fqpnov/covid19updatesnagaland/ via u/ImSoDone [Punjab]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fsbwuj/punjabcovidupdatesthread/ via u/TheAltChemist [Rajasthan]https//www.reddit.com/r/pinkcity/comments/fps590/covid19updatesforrajasthan/ via /u/isaacseaman [Tamil Nadu]https//www.reddit.com/r/Chennai/comments/fr62oj/covid19dailynewsupdates/ via u/ughalright [Telangana]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fqn8jf/covid19allupdatesintelangana/ via u/lifehacker25 [Uttar Pradesh]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fptwqz/covid19allupdatesinuttarpradesh/ via u/ppccbba [Uttarakhand]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fs95z1/covid19updatesuttarakhandedition/ via u/leoparddopy [West Bengal]https//www.reddit.com/r/kolkata/comments/fi5hqd/covid19updates/ via /u/ppatra [More States are being Added] Coronavirus Trackers News Updates [Case Numbers via Indian Govt.]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ [Case Numbers and Map via NDTV]https//www.ndtv.com/coronavirus/indiacovid19outbreakmap [Covid19India.org]https//www.covid19india.org r/Coronavirus r/worldnews r/COVID19Positive for Covid19 Patients Useful Guides Precautions Helpful Tips Self Assessment [Safety Tips]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic [Coronavirus condition overview]https//www.who.int/healthtopics/coronavirus [Coronavirus QampampA]https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses [How to Protect Yourself and Prepare for the Coronavirus]https//www.nytimes.com/article/prepareforcoronavirus.html [Myth Busters via WHO]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/mythbusters [Self Assessment Tool for Covid19]https//coronavirus.heallify.com/ Coronavirus Covid19 MultiLingual Shareable Resources Wiki [Wiki Thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fo0xj9/coronaviruscovid19multilingualresourceswiki/ [Assamese]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gn1U2sNswTmrdyymeqtG6Hy [Bengali]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gkqMhFrcLJNnGXAeC4Org5 [English]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gWSxZMTO6BKKKYGNesgYupr [Gujarati]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1ght7ez9gamQZdNuNedoJZmj [Hindi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gWNzzpIljrP9jQkeebu6Eog [Kannada]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1ggJi4cS2y1ZULZoles43xHF [Konkani]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gmRJkbslNMDc1s1egpDqma [Malayalam]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gmeU30HlPVT0CqoedNhg3u [Marathi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1giu0e8l9SbT27AceeeNuHi [Marwari]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gXxP8R5CPzEt5zhpeHWuXnt [Oriya]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gwcrCWB195OyuXdeozTVA4 [Punjabi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gjxTSvU761F9Hzoue9gjaqg [Tamil]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gglvLHFkHSsMZgToeYhLNRo [Telegu]https//1drv.ms/f/sAoYOmN7lWek1gkEvVG2WLij6Up78 [Urdu]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gwwpU8Ni2x9Z5ne8fUHqi r/India Community [COVID19 India tracker]https//www.covid19india.org/ via u/splitladoo [Crowdsourced handbook of India specific data and resources]https//covidindiasupport.com/main via u/lilhuman0 [Google Spreadsheet of Statewise infections]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uKqaxMd5gkghBKMmpfbnLRFLdicKvi802f77Ih0/editgid0 via /u/lordbloodraven Precautions for prevention of Corona Virus Currently there is no vaccine available to protect against human corona virus but we can reduce the transmission of virus by taking following precautions Do Wash your hands regularly for 20 seconds with soap and water or alcoholbased hand rub Cover your nose and mouth with a disposable tissue or flexed elbow when you cough or sneeze Avoid close contact 1 meter or 3 feet with people who are unwell Stay home and selfisolate from others in the household if you feel unwell Dont Touch your eyes nose or mouth if your hands are not clean How to Quarantine Yourself via [New York Times]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/06/health/selfquarantinecoronavirus.html If youre returning from an area thats had a coronavirus outbreak or if youve been in close contact with someone who tests positive you may be asked to isolate yourself at home for two weeks the presumed incubation period for the coronavirus. Its not easy to lock yourself away from your family and friends. These are the basics. 1. ISOLATION If you are infected or have been exposed to the coronavirus you must seclude yourself from your partner your housemates your children your older aunt and even your pets. If you dont have your own room one should be designated for your exclusive use. No visitors unless its absolutely essential. Dont take the bus subway or even a taxi. 2. MASKS If you must be around other people in your home or in a car because youre on your way to see a doctor and only after youve called first wear a mask. Everyone else should too. 3. HYGIENE Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue to cough or sneeze and discard it in a lined trash can. Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. You can use sanitizer but soap and water are preferred. Wash your hands frequently and avoid touching your eyes nose and mouth if you havent just washed them. 4. DISINFECTING Dont share dishes drinking glasses eating utensils towels or bedding. Wash these items after you use them. Use a household cleaner to wipe down countertops tabletops doorknobs bathrooms fixtures toilets phones keyboards tablets and bedside tables. That also goes for any surfaces that may be contaminated by bodily fluids. 5. HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS When around the patient wear a face mask and add gloves if youre touching anything that might carry the patients bodily fluids. Dispose of the mask and gloves immediately. The older members and those with chronic medical conditions should minimize contact with the secluded individual. Share your Idle CPU/GPU Power towards find solutions for Covid19 Do you have a CPU/GPU sitting at home not doing anything If yes and you are willing to let it work for drug discovery please check out folding at home. The following text is from /r/pcmasterrace Join us and donate your unused GPU and CPU computing power to fight against Coronavirus and several other illnesses like Cancer Parkinsons etc. To download [CLICK HERE]https//foldingathome.org/startfolding/. To learn more about the project or if you need more instructions on how to run it check out https//pcmasterrace.org/folding. Older Threads [Part 1]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/f2kaxr/covid19megathreadnewsandupdates/ [Part 2]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fkttm7/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdatesii/ [Part 3]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fqqdsg/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdates3/. A initiative taken by the government . A initiative taken by the government . A initiative taken by the government . A initiative taken by the government : [removed]. GBRC first in India to report whole genome sequence of COVID19.. Wait for it... Who need them home workouts tsskk. Can India emerge as the new Superpower post the Worldwide Coronavirus crisis Check out the full article now . Can you suggest reliable COVID19 home testing kits available online for purchase: Hi could you please suggest some reliable and safe kits that one could use incase they want to be sure they have the virus I dont have it but i wanna know just incase shit goes south.. Indian scientists discover new type of coronavirus in two species of fruit BAT. Track your current location for COVID19 put your location name in map to see hotspot: [deleted]. Private labs to begin COVID19 testing next week Kiran MazumdarShaw panel to work on modalities. SevenHells Hospital in Mumbai. Maharashtra districts zone classifications: [deleted]. Fixed it lockdown SingleSource muradabad covid19: [deleted]. Covid19 update Greater Noida man coughs during ludo game gets shot at noida: [deleted]. AI flight from China lands in Mumbai with 25000kg cargo of medicines PPEs. Noida No fresh COVID19 case nearly 10 lakh people screened so far. Together We Can Fight Coronavirus. India learnt quickly to deal with Covid world thought we were land of tigers amp snakes. Covid19 lockdown 90 of migrant workers got no help from government or employers shows survey. Indian police. Coronavirus lockdown HDFCs Deepak Parekh says property prices may fall 20 suggests measures for survival. Bandra protest Priyanka Gandhi demands probe questions why ticket bookings continued during lockdown. WATCH Chhattisgarh The nursing staff at AIIMS All India Institute Of Medical Sciences Raipur taking care of a 3monthold daughter of a woman who has tested positive for COVID19. Video source AIIMS Raipur. chill. Chill guys. Daily Wagers. Coronavirus Outbreak Puts 20 Lakh Jobs At Risk In Indian Aviation Industry Body. Lockdown guidelines whats allowed amp whats not allowed after April 20th: Here is a list of activities not allowed till May 3 All domestic and international air travel of passengers except for medical reasons and for security purposes. All passenger movement by trains except for security purposes. Buses for public transport. Metro rail services. Interdistrict and interState movement of individuals except for medical reasons or for activities permitted under these guidelines. All educational training coaching institutions etc. shall remain closed. All industrial and commercial activities other than those specifically permitted under these guidelines. Hospitality services other than those specifically permitted under these guidelines. Taxis including auto rickshaws and cycle rickshaws and services of cab aggregators. All cinema halls malls shopping complexes gymnasiums sports complexes swimming pools entertainment parks theatres bars and auditoriums assembly halls and similar places. All social/ political/ sports/ entertainment/ academic cultural/ religious functions/ other gatherings. All religious places/ places of worship shall be closed for public. Religious congregations are strictly prohibited. In case of funerals congregation of more than twenty persons will not be permitted. List of activities allowed after April 20 All health services including AYUSH to remain functional Authorised private establishments which support the provisioning of essential services or efforts for containment of COVID19. All agricultural and horticultural activities to remain fully functional. This includes Farming operations Agencies engaged in procurement of agriculture products including MSP operations Mandis operated by APMCs those notified by the States. Operations of the fishing marine and inland/ aquaculture industry Operations of tea coffee and rubber plantations with maximum of 50 workers Processing packaging sale and marketing of tea coffee rubber and cashew with maximum of 50 workers. Collection processing distribution and sale of milk and milk products by milk processing plants including transport and supply chain. Operation of animal husbandry farms including poultry farms amp hatcheries and livestock farming activity. Animal feed manufacturing and feed plants including supply of raw material Operation of animal shelter homes including Gaushalas. Reserve Bank of India RBI and RBI regulated financial markets and entities Bank branches and ATMs IT vendors for banking operations Bank branches be allowed to work as per normal working hours till disbursal of DBT cash transfers is complete. SEBI IRDAI and Insurance companies. Operation of homes for children/ disabled/ mentally challenged/ senior citizens/ destitutes/ women/ widows. Observation homes after care homes and places of safety for juveniles Disbursement of social security pensions pension and provident fund services provided by EPFO Anganwadis for the distribution of food items and nutrition once in 15 days at the doorsteps of beneficiaries. Beneficiaries will not attend the Anganwadis. Online teaching/ distance learning to be encouraged MNREGA works are allowed with strict implementation of social distancing and face mask. Priority to be given under MNREGA to irrigation and water conservation works. Other Central and State sector schemes in irrigation and water conservation sectors may also be allowed to be implemented Operations of Oil and Gas sector Generation transmission and distribution of power at Central and State/ UT levels. Postal services including post offices. Operations of utilities in water sanitation and waste management sectors at municipal/ local body levels in States and UTS Operation of utilities providing telecommunications and internet services. Commercial and private establishments as listed below will be allowed to operate i. Print and electronic media including broadcasting DTH and cable services. ii. IT and IT enabled Services with upto 50 strength. iii. Data and call centres for Government activities only. iv. Government approved Common Service Centres CSCS at Gram Panchayat level. v. Ecommerce companies. Vehicles used by ecommerce operators will be allowed to ply with necessary permissions. vi. Courier services. vii. Cold storage and warehousing services including at ports airports railway stations container Depots individual units and other links in the logistics chain. viii. Private security services and facilities management services for maintenance and upkeep of office and residential complexes. ix. Hotels homestays lodges and motels which are accommodating tourists and persons stranded due to lockdown medical and emergency staff air and sea crew. X. Establishments used/ earmarked for quarantine facilities. xi. Services provided by selfemployed persons e.g. electrician IT repairs plumbers motor mechanics and carpenters. Source https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/lockdownguidelineswhatisallowedandwhatisnotallowedafterapril20/article31344466.ece. In Lockdown Desperation Migrants Pick Bananas Trashed Near Delhi Cremation Ground. Home Ministry writes to states UTs to ensure strict compliance with lockdown guidelines. Watch Have to fill our stomach Migrant workers scour through piles of rotten bananas in Delhis Nigambodh Ghat amid CoronavirusLockdown. Report by NDTVs Saurabh Unmute. Bhilwara model loses its way in Jaipurs congested Ramganj. Jaipur now accounts for about 42 per cent of the total 897 cases in the state.. Delhi High Court grants bail to man accused of assaulting two women resident doctors of Safdarjung Hospital for spreading COVID19. Worli woman who tested positive for COVID19 ends life. Observation Response to Covid in terms of testing lays bare competence of different governments most succinctly: [deleted]. How COVID19 Immunity Testing Can Help People Get Back To Work. This Corona Oven Uses UVC Light to Kill Viruses The Quint. Bengal Could See Mumbailike Virus Spread Sans Field Intervention Random Tests in Vulnerable Areas Stating that Bengal is a populous state with the thirdhighest population density in the country ICMRNICED Director Dr Dutta said the number of tests being conducted is not sufficient.. Watch How Delhis wholesale markets are functioning under lockdown on YouTube. Do You Know 50 some questioned could have spared a better scenario for the healthcare sector in India. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . How AI can end the Coronavirus Pandemic. The total number of COVID19 cases in India continues to spike tally inches towards 12000 mark as death toll nears 400.. Separate wards for Hindus Muslims Gujarat hospital segregates patients. Go a step from face masks graduate to a face shield Here is my idea. Plexiglass lid on a turtleneck tee. : [deleted]. Will lockdown extend again: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g1rhfp. Coronavirus Uttar Pradesh Man coughs during ludo game gets shot at. He came here before me. WATCH Moradabad Some people pelted stones at medical teamamppolice personnel who had gone to take the family of a COVID19 positive patient who died recently to take them to a quarantine facility. 3 people were injured including a doctor amp pharmacist. ANI UP on twitter. Life In Dharavi How Business is suffering during the Lockdown Mumbai Live. Meghalaya Doctor Dies Of COVID19 6 Of His Family Test Positive. Is Social Distancing Solution to Corona Virus Check out video and do like if u like this idea. Being in lockdown does not mean you can disobey road rules.: I see a lot of people speeding in small roads and driving in the wrong direction of the road. Being in lockdown does not mean the roads are made empty for you to drag race. Use your vehicles only when necessary and when you do please follow road rules.. Coronavirus Awareness Monoact by Rajasri Bhattacharyya. Covid19 Miscreants pelted stones at medical team in UPs Moradabad: [deleted]. MHA Guidelines for the current lockdown amid COVID: [removed]. Moradabad Stones pelted at ambulance carrying corona patient. Arnab Goswami leaves himself exposed with his agendadriven journalism days after attacking Isha Ambanis Holi celebrations attended by Shloka Mehta and Priyanka Chopra. Social Distancing.: [deleted]. Xlight FTP Server 3.9.1.6 Crack With Keygen 2020 Download Latest Version. India China will register positive growth rate despite Coronavirus pandemic IMF. With lockdown extended varsities brainstorm on ways to conduct exams. COVID19 patients segregated on basis of religion at Ahmedabad Civil Hospital according to reports. Moradabad Some people pelted stones at medical team amp police which had gone to take a person possibly infected with COVID19.When our team boarded ambulance with patientsuddenly crowd emerged amp started pelting stones. Some doctors are still there. We are injured says ambulance driver.. ABP Majha reporter arrested for allegedly spreading false information that prompted the Bandra chaos. Meghalayas first Covid19 patient dies six in contact test positive Shillong News Times of India. In this Punjab village Sikhs are shedding their caste biases during the Covid19 crisis: [deleted]. Segregation of Hospital Wards based on religion in Ahmedabad Hospital. Separate Covid19 Wards for Hindus amp Muslims at Gujarat Hosp Doc Says Move After Govt Decision. Must Watch Documentary About COVID19 That Will Knock Your Socks Off. Agra first in country to adopt pool testing for COVID19.. Delhi A female doctor was allegedly assaulted by patients at Lok Nayak Hospital which is treating people with COVID19. It happened yesterday inside surgical ward. When a male doctor came to rescue her they were manhandled by patients. Doctors had hid inside duty room and called security.. Anatomy of an investigation How India Todays madrasa sting misled its viewers. Do You Know 49 The COVID19 pandemic might push 40 crore Indians into poverty. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Exclusive India agrees to sell hydroxychloroquine to Malaysia to help fight COVID19. Contribute to Developing LowCost Ventilators: [removed]. W.H.O failed or Who failed research and PPE mistakes a 10 min presentation prepared for better understanding .. In quarantine shelters for migrants one soap for 30 people not enough food Times of India. Stay Home Stay Safe India Let stop Covid 19. I made very simple Covid India Tracker that can load fast even on Limited Rural Area Network. Jung of Coronavirus song. Asias largest slum Dharavi has emerged as COVID19 hotspot in Mumbai with 60 positive cases and 7 deaths.. COVID19 cases cross 500 mark in AP 19 new cases reported. IAS edge proves a winner as chief secretaries overshadow political bosses in virus battle. Why Indias Stated Policy on Hydroxychloroquine Makes No Sense. Will my day ever come: [deleted]. Coronavirus India to get 15 million PPE kits from China. Tablighi Jamaat meet 46 foreigners jailed for violation of visa norms. Aarogya Setu has 50 million users in 13 days beats Pokmon GO record. Nurses Staff of Mumbais Cooper Hospital Protest Against Lack of PPEs. Haryana man ties the knot with Mexican national amid coronavirus lockdown. Maharashtra 14 of Housing Minister Jitendra Awhads contacts test positive for COVID19. Modi administration did not consult ICMRappointed COVID task force before key decisions. Sussannes Sister Farah Khan Alis InHouse Staff Tests COVID19 Positive. MHAs New guidelinesWhats shut whats open from April 20. Lets solve corona crisis together: [removed]. Lets solve corona crisis together: [removed]. Considering population these are the countries that can fit in india. Look how difficult it is to control covid19 in india compared to other countries.. Is India underreporting the coronavirus outbreak BBC News: [deleted]. How Kerala plans to handle mass influx of NRIs post lockdown. Kerala expects an influx of at least 100000 migrants mainly from the Gulf post lockdown.. Amazing Benefits of Lockdown Humanity Environment and Wildlife: [removed]. 11yearold raises Rs 6.2 lakh for underprivileged in Hyderabad. Thank at least one person you know who is in the front line: [removed]. shake my head: [deleted]. As Tabligh Jamatlinked cases rise Delhi govt gives them a different name. Government issues fresh guidelines for the second phase of lockdown. All 5 who died of COVID19 in Bhopal were gas tragedy victims. Mumbai Food is coming BMC helpline kept assuring poor. For 48 hours nothing reached. Lockdown guidelines Heres a list of economic activities that will be allowed after April 20 [NP]. Coronavirus Lockdown The Seven and a Half Things that Modi Said and Did Not Say. Here are the revised guidelines of the Home Ministry on Lockdown due to COVID19. Make My Trip founder Deep Kalra speaks to NewsX on on Aarogya Setu appCOVID19. MHA issues updated consolidated revised guidelines after correcting the date from 20th May to 20th April 2020 on the measures to be taken by Ministries/Departments of Govt of India State/UT governments amp State/UT authorities for the containment of COVID19 in India. 1/2. Coronavirus Mutation Found in India Raises Alarm Could Hinder Development of Vaccine Study. Private hospitals stare at losses amid covid outbreak. In half of Mumbais deaths delays in testing and admission to hospitals experts to audit An analysis of the first 50 COVID19 deaths in Mumbai that account for 62.9 per cent deaths 112 in the state shows that just over half of them died within hours or a day of hospitalisation.. States set their sights on hotspots show the way to manage them At least 25 districts which previously had covid19 cases have had no new cases in the last two weeks. When is the caste based segregation coming: [removed]. When is the caste based segregation coming: [removed]. Ministry of Home Affairs MHA issues consolidated revised guidelines on the measures to be taken by Ministries/Departments of Govt of India State/UT governments amp State/UT authorities for the containment of COVID19 in India.: [deleted]. NCP leader Vinay Dube detained for spreading fake circular. Homemade Clorox Disinfectant Wipes/Spray COVID19. Hospital in Ahmedabad splits COVID wards on faith says govt decision. Coronavirus Goa might become green zone by Apr 17 says CM Pramod Sawant. Covid19 Muslim vendors stopped from selling vegetables in UP accused of being Tablighi members. Quarantine caste abuse complaint. Timeline showing how the corona virus cases spread in different states of India. India could possibly be under reporting COVID cases K Sujatha Rao former health secretary. Migrants running away from quarantine in India. Banks Issue Gag Orders to Employees over Branch Overcrowding amid Lockdown Say Sources. Empty markets. Google CEO Sundar Pichai donates INR 5 crore to Give India for COVID19 relief. How True Is PM Modis Claim of India Starting Airport Screenings Before a Single Case Was Reported. No proof yet that BCG benefits against coronavirus says expert. Do you know how a vaccine workswatch this... We have miles of roadblocks to remove before we sleep. Things we wont take for granted anymore: When this is all over may we never again take for granted those warm handshakes amp friendly hugs that laundry guy who always appears to be on drugs that neighbourhood housefull theatre the guy who works as your barber those annoying relatives who keep visiting your place with no reason that enthu friend who wants to go on a trip no matter what season that food hawker who developed our taste bud that sky blue jeans which was always covered in mud those full shelves in a grocery store that cleaning guy who mops the floor that stadium with continuous roaring that train you got to catch every morning those torpid lazy monday blue that beggar you used to daily pass through that uber driver who helped to commute that friend you used as a substitute those random long drives that set you free that moment when they credit your hard earned rupee that routine checkup at the clinic you depend the favourite hangout place you always recommend. One day life will resume and we shall be grateful for life in ways we never felt possible before.. Coronavirus ICMR suggests using pooled samples for molecular testing. How To Stir Confusion Amidst a Pandemic COVID19 and Misinformation on WhatsApp. Indias lockdown is the single largest collective action in human history: Not trying to glorify the situation were in but I cant help but be amazed by the scale of this lockdown. Never before in the history of mankind have 1.35 billion people come together to focus on a single problem. Thats an unfathomable scale. For all the noise USA makes in the world news our problems are a manifold larger than theirs. Were four times their size in population. And yes the lockdown brings its own problems and they have to be addressed and solved. Yet almost everyone has a real sense of the pandemics threat and are willing to comply. If India can beat the spread itll be only because of the people. Every single one of us.. Bandra migrant crisis Mumbai Police detains selfproclaimed labour leader files FIR against 1000 people: [deleted]. Aarogya Setu Why does it need exact latitude and longitude: Bluetooth connection should be sufficient to figure out if youve been in close proximity to a person with Covid19. Sending latitude and longitude is unnecessary feels like Im being tracked everywhere. Am I missing something.  I Our Health in our Hands Part 1. Covid 19 Samadhan Related to Agriculture and MSMEs. SaltRice Water How Migrant Workers Are Coping With Lockdown In Delhi. Gujarat Congress MLA Tests COVID19 Positive Hours After Meeting Chief Minister. India scores a Perfect 100 on Covid19 response tracker made by Oxford University: [deleted]. HM Amit Shah called Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray amp expressed concern over the Bandra gathering. HM stressed that such events weaken Indias fight against Coronavirus and admn needs to stay vigilant to avoid such incidents. He also offered his full support to Maharashtra Govt.. Coronavirus lockdown till May 3 Life TV Online. From 1720 to 2020 How pandemics have threatened humanity every 100 years. Congress MLA tests positive for COVID19 six hours after meeting Chief Minister Vijay Rupani top ministers. Indian TikTok Star Who Told People to Trust God Over Face Masks Gets COVID19. Was it a coincidence that India went into lockdown in the 13th week of 2020. Global economy in 2020 on track for sharpest downturn since 1930s IMF. Uttar Pradesh reported 102 new coronavirus cases and three fatalities on Tuesday taking the total number of cases in the state to 660 and death toll to eight.. Plague of 1896 redefined sedition. Coronavirus mustnt bring in laws that outlive crisis Bal Gangadhar Tilak was tried for his articles in Kesari during the bubonic plague. India Coronaviruses found in two bat species. Over 10000 COVID19 cases 342 deaths in 21 days of lockdown experts say would have been worse without it. India lockdown ignites protest by migrant workers. Doctors worry as populous Indian state struggles with coronavirus tests. Peoples Action Group for Inclusive Rights An NGO for the differently abled in collaboration with All Ladakh Tour Operators Association making face masks for the people of Ladakh to help combat Covid19.. Corona Virus Update India: [removed]. [serious] What is your opinion about how congress would have handled the coronavirus situation: Serious replies only please. Civic Behaviour Missing In Coronavirus Lockdown. New Covid19 cases by date in major states India. Impact on economy.: [deleted]. What can I do to go home: Were currently stuck in gurgaon because my grandma got sick before the lockdown. I live in delhi and my dog and worker are still at home. Food is slowly running low at home and all our stuff is at home. My mom also had a brain haemorrhage less than 10 months ago and all her medical documents are at home so even in a medical emergency she might not get the treatment she needs because she has other ailments such as thyroid high blood pressure varicosed veins in her legs to name a few. I do have my moms main medical bag with her medicine prescription that mentions a few things like the haemorrhage in it along with the medicine she needs to take. The problem is that everyone thinks well be hit or our car is gonna be taken away by the police. Can someone give me advice on how we can get home. Bro continues. Coronavirus update 50 central govt employees to work from home.. In a First Coronaviruses Found in Two Species of Indian Bats ICMRNIV Study. Migrant workers in hundreds defy lockdown in Mumbai: [deleted]. 356 new cases in Delhi Highest spike puts count at 1510: [deleted]. Free Coronavirus Tests At Private Labs Only For Poor SC Backtracks. [Delhi] 325 of 356 Covid19 cases detected in last 24 hours related to Tabligi Jaamat Markaaz: [deleted]. Mosque in Mumbai feeds labourers during lockdown. Whats the logic behind banning domestic air travel now. How Kerala managed to flatten the Covid graph. Do You Know 48 With the recently announced 30 MPs salary cut the government is expected to save Rs.64.61 crores a year. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Contrary to a news report Aadtiya Thackeray has denied community transmission in Mumbai.: On 7th April The New Indian Express reported [Coronavirus outbreak has reached community transmission stage in Mumbai says BMC]https//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2020/apr/07/coronavirusoutbreakhasreachedcommunitytransmissionstageinmumbaisaysbmc2127040.html gt The community transmission of coronavirus has apparently started in Mumbai and its adjoining localities as the fresh positive cases emerging from there are neither immediate contacts of patients nor have any travel history. gt According to BMC the most number of coronavirus cases have been reported from slum pockets and similar highly dense areas of Mumbai. The G South ward of the BMC has got 78 cases the largest in the city. In this ward most of the patient are reported from fishermen colony of Worli Prabhadevi and Lower Parel. gt The D ward which has Byculla in its limits has got the secondhighest number of cases. Localities such as Dharavi Kurla Nehru Nagar Bandra and Andheri too have a significant number of positive cases. gt We are more worried and concerned about the health workers and doctors who have been tested coronavirus positive. In Mumbai more than 50 people from the medical fraternity are detected as viruspositive. The community spreading has therefore started as we see a surge in a number of cases from various parts of the city. They have neither international travel history nor immediate contact. We are declaring these areas as contaminated cluster and subsequently sealing them sais senior BMC officer. gt We are more worried and concerned about the health workers and doctors who have been tested coronavirus positive. In Mumbai more than 50 people from the medical fraternity are detected as viruspositive. The community spreading has therefore started as we see a surge in a number of cases from various parts of the city. They have neither international travel history nor immediate contact. We are declaring these areas as contaminated cluster and subsequently sealing them sais senior BMC officer. To which Aaditya Thackery had commented on 11th April as gt Wrong news. Please dont panic. Only follow the MEDD report gt https//twitter.com/AUThackeray/status/1248698866150420480 My personal view Govts. are cautious in not declaring community transmission if any to avoid chaos and panic. Political leaderships need to get their messaging right in this circumstances so that people follow the required precautions without creating further panic.. ONGCsoil sevaks operate Indias biggest oil gas fields beyond shifts. More than 300 Indians have died of the coronavirus and nearly 200 of the lockdown. I hope the media raises the right questions.: [deleted]. Bandra east right now. . Massive Crowd At Bandra Stand In Mumbai As Migrants Defy Lockdown. Covid19 In Bihar spitting in public places will cost 6 months in jail. No Beating Plates or Lighting Diyas Disappointed Indians Ask PM Modi Task Kidhar Hai. Why hasnt Modi yet made an announcement about whether India is extending its Covid19 lockdown: [deleted]. Same WhatsApp Group Sudhir Chaudhary Rubika Liyaquat Deepak Chaurasia and Co have exact same logic for lockdown ending on May 3. If no Covid19 case is reported for 28 days from specific area we can say we have been able to break chain of transmission health ministry says. WHO lauds Indias tough and timely actions against coronavirus. Economists expect RBI will print money as India battles Covid19. Heres what it means. Desperate To Marry Groom 6 Others Arrested In Ghaziabad Amid Lockdown. PM MODI addresses nation on lockdown extension Indias 18 News .... 34 new Covid19 cases in Andhra Pradesh doctor who treated Jamat attendee dies. Gravitas Americans choose to stay in India Wuhan Coronavirus. Lockdown extended till May 3: [deleted]. 17 of a family test positive for COVID19 in Hyderabad officials on alert. The effect of fake news that paints Muslims as the problem: [deleted]. The effect of fake news that paints Muslims as the problem: [deleted]. NEED HELP on twitter URGENT: I am preparing for JEE Advanced 2020 and currently stuck at my home in Hisar Haryana. All of my study material is in my hostel at Kalu Sarai South Delhi. I need my books ASAP or will suffer and have to take a drop and waste my year. I tweeted so that I get a COVID19 PASS to bring my books. Please share the tweet and help me. ampx200B [https//twitter.com/Aman\Punia\/status/1249996011021336577]https//twitter.com/AmanPunia/status/1249996011021336577. Test not find not. Do You Know 47 Can Covid 19 Live in The AIR 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Shah Rukh Khan provides 25000 PPE kits to Maharashtra. Maharashtra minister Jitendra Awhad goes into quarantine after 16 staffers test positive. Coronavirus is 10 times deadlier than Swine Flu WHO. PM Modis Full Speech Lockdown Extended In India Till May 3. Data show Indias coronavirus lockdown may not be working. Employer asking to mark leave: [removed]. Corona virus History Symptoms Transmission and Precautions. Lost your sense of smell taste It may be COVID19. Are you wiping your groceries: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g11l5h. India makes face masks mandatory for more than 300m people punishable by up to six months in prison. This Jharkhand Village Has Bigger Problems Than COVID19. SaltRice Water How Migrant Workers Are Coping With Lockdown In Delhi. USCIRF says troubled by denial of food to Pakistani Hindus Christians amid Covid19 crisis. Find nearest infection to you in km amp everything about COVID in one user friendly place: A few days ago we launched IndiaSmile.org A onestop resource for the best things to do while stuck in quarantine amp staying updated. We have been overwhelmed with the response and feedback we received so a huge thanks to the Reddit community. A lot of you have messaged us with ideas on what we should do next amp some of you have joined our team as well to make things happen faster. The activity we have seen on our Telegram and WhatsApp groups has been heartwarming where the members have effectively built a crowdsourced repository of things to watch read and do at home. Our interactions with the community as well as with my own family members has given me the feeling that while people have been figuring out ways to keep themselves entertained what has become more crucial to them is the need to stay informed. So that everyone can stay informed and updated with verified stats and news we are launching [IndiaSmile Corona Around You]https//indiasmile.org/covid. This one page contains everything you need to follow the growth of this virus worldwide delivered in a superperformant intuitive UI and regularly updated. It contains National amp Local Covid Statistics Find the statistics of your state directly. Global Covid Statistics Compare how other countries are doing worldwide. National Testing Data Follow Indias testing capacity. As of the time of writing this post India has tested a very small of its population. See the graph to know how the government is dealing with this issue. Regular News related to Covid all from verified sources vetted by our team Distance to nearest covid case from your location Uses districtlevel data to find the nearest infected case from you and provides a distance. Charts to monitor amp compare date wise historical data Hover or click on charts to get more info. While designing this page we paid special attention to neat UI/UX and wanted to deliver information in an easy to consume manner so that every Indian even if they are not tech savvy can stay informed. We are open to feedback ideas amp thoughts on how to improve this so that this can become an even better resource for people to stay updated. IndiaSmile is 100 nonprofit and open source Stay Inside amp Stay Safe. Jai Hind. Minutes after his address to the nation PM narendramodi has changed the profile picture of his Twitter page. The new picture shows PM with his face covered. This is aimed at increasing awareness on covering faces with homemade solutions to be safe in this time of COVID19.. [Serious] Did anyone fall ill in February with fever and cough and now suspect it was covid19: If yes then pls mention how it felt or what were the symptoms. And did you hear about multiple people down with fever in jan/feb Trying to understand if this virus has been around longer than weve been told. Asking coz I did fall ill midfeb and had all the symptoms of corona virus.. [Serious] Did anyone fall ill in February with fever and cough and no suspect it was coronavirus: [deleted]. Data show Indias coronavirus lockdown may not be working: [deleted]. Coronavirus Lockdown All Flights Suspended Till May 3 Says Aviation Ministry. MIT Technology Review What the world can learn from Kerala about how to fight COVID19. PM Narendra Modi Announcement Lockdown Continue In India Till May 3 Rules Strict. What the world can learn from Kerala about how to fight covid19. Incognito mode ON: [deleted]. Breaking News Indias Lockdown Has Been Extended To 3 May Said Narendra Modi. Modis India Isnt Prepared for the Coronavirus. INTERVIEW Herd immunity is natural journey of any epidemic says epidemiologist. Lockdown 3 PM Modi Lockdown Speech. Being a Survivor. Coronavirus update Covid19 cases in India cross 10000. Statewise numbers here. Poor people are starving. Meanwhile media... Im surprised to see such reports there is no such plan of extending the lockdown Cabinet Secretary Rajiv Gauba on reports of extending [30th March20]. Pm Narendra Modi address India COVID19 lockdown extended to May 3rd. Coronavirus cases in India have now crossed 10000.. Are Domestic flights still operational: I looked up Yatra.com and it shows me flights by Air Asia still operational from one point to another but they usually have multiple layovers and a flight which is supposed to be for an hour nonstop becomes over 09 hours though. With the current lockdown mechanism will these flights be operational. Key takeaways from PM Narendra Modis address to the nations at 10 AM on 14th April 2020.:  Key points said Nations fighting well thanks to you folks sacrifice. We the people of India means exactly this [Starting till 4 minutes in speech]. India started screening for COVID before the first case. At 100 cases we started isolation. At 500 cases we did a lockdown for 21 days [6 minutes in speech] Its unfair to compare with other countries. However if we compare India is at a relatively good standing by around 25 to 30 times. [8 minutes in speech]. The lockdown and social distancing was expensive but worth it. Still the rate of spread is alarming [10 minutes in speech]. Citizens state governments bodies have suggested and some have already implemented an extension to lockdown. Lockdown has been extended till 3rd May 2020 under the same circumstances and conditions. [12 minutes in speech]. We have to avoid the spread of COVID in regions. Death due to this must be even more worrisome. We must stay vigilant with current and emerging hotspots. New hotspots will bring problems. Stronger constraints and implementation of lockdown till 20th April 2020. Essential services and operations can resume for areas of lower risks under conditions for going out. If any traces of COVID the lockdown shall be reimposed. [16 minutes in speech]. A guideline shall be released by tomorrow 15th April 2020. Major steps are taken to help the poor and needy. The government has helped them through various funds specially farmers. There are efforts being made for helping farmers supply chain is being improved [18 minutes in speech] Weve already organized over 1L hospital beds and 600 COVID hospitals. Scientists are encouraged to help in these times of crisis [20 minutes in speech]. Help needed in 7 areas The public is encouraged to focus on the following areas [start 22 minutes in speech] 1. Extra care of the elderly in the house 2. Obey lockdown. Use homemade masks. 3. Improve immunity. 4. Download Aarogya Setu [mobile app]https//www.mygov.in/aarogyasetuapp/ and encourage others to download it. 5. Help the poor and needy 6. Dont terminate employment of workers under you 7. Respect the front line workers police healthcare professionals etc. Please follow the above till 3 May 2020 [till 24 minutes in speech]. Key points observed PM Narendra Modi were wearing a mask which was a muffler Not an N95 respirator or a surgical mask in the beginning of the address. Started at 10 AM and went on till 1025 AM on 14th April 2020.. Six hospitals in Kolkata Howrah shut after patients doctors test positive. A battle against corona. Lock down till.3rd May Now Strict monitoring till April 20. Covid19 Factoid Madhya Pradesh has highest death rate among Indian states. Lockdown extension: [removed]. COVID19 testing is being done in over 220 labs. According to worlds experience of tackling COVID19 15001600 beds are needed when cases reach 10000. We have over 1 lakh beds in India amp over 600 hospitals for treating COVID patients. Were expanding these facilities PM Modi. Delhi reports 356 new coronavirus cases highest 24hour jump tally at 1510. Lord Narednra modiCPBUH in his 10 AMs speech directed people to follow AYUSH ministrys advice. So i am just following his orders.. Narendra Modi speech on coronavirus LIVE Lockdown extended till May 3. India has extended its lockdown until 3rd May: [removed]. Lockdown till 3rd May Statewise Coronavirus Updates India Total Cases 10453 Total Deaths 358 Total Recovered 1193. Lockdown in India extended till May 3 announces PM Modi. Nationwide lockdown extended to 3rd May. National Lockdown extended upto May 3rd: [removed]. Lockdown has been extended until May 3rd PM Modi. Govt hints at using Aarogya Setu as epass experts doubt efficacy. How much does the treatment for COVID19 cost: So I had a weird question in mind if one does catch COVID19 how much does the entire ordeal cost including ambulance cost hospital stay testing and medicines cost and whats the breakdown in India Is the government subsidising this for patients or do patients have to pay from their own pocket/insurance/Mediclaim What about poor people Ballpark figures work too. Edit This post is just for general information. Please do not be deterred by the costs involved however big or small and please get checked if you feel the symptoms..  . 39 doctors staff at Delhis Max Hospital quarantined after 2 patients test Covid19 positive. Coronavirus Cases In India Cross 10000Mark 339 Deaths 10 Points.  14 2020 Narendra Modi 14 April 2020 Lockdown .... Wear Masks. More than 300 Indians have died of the coronavirus and nearly 200 of the lockdown: [deleted]. Data Why has Mumbai seen the most coronavirus cases in Maharashtra. Coronavirus is proving to be another excuse to marginalise Indias Muslims. How bad is a lockdown Which one is frustrating you more: [removed]. 22 of coronavirus patients in Rajasthan have recovered so far State health minister. The Coronavirus Has Morphed Into an AntiMuslim Virus: [deleted]. The Coronavirus Has Morphed Into an AntiMuslim Virus: [deleted]. The Coronavirus Has Morphed Into an AntiMuslim Virus: [deleted]. The Coronavirus Has Morphed Into an AntiMuslim Virus: [deleted]. SC modifies earlier order says free Covid19 testing only f .. Read more at http//m.timesofindia.com/articleshow/75125690.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst: [deleted]. Rapid testing havent arrived yet consignment diverted to US Tamil Nadu chief secy. Coronavirus Amit Shah intervention made ICMR expand labs for testing COVID19. India can tide over the Covid 19 if lockdown is extended till 1st May. 4Drug Mix By Kerala Doctors Is Working Wonders Against Corona Could Be An International Model. Coronavirus Outbreak Destitute women of Kashmir bear the greatest brunt of COVID19 lockdown Firstpost. Record 51 Deaths in 24 Hours Take Indias Coronavirus Toll to 324 Total Cases Surge Past 9300. India coronavirus Worlds largest postal service turns lifesaver. Coronavirus Outbreak Google India launches feature to help people find food night shelter during lockdown Technology News Firstpost. Stop installation of disinfection tunnels they are harmful Kerala science body. Indian Muslims must take care of the elephant in the room on COVID 19. Help researchers understand how COVID19 is affecting you Looking for survey participants from around the world. Body of doctor who died of COVID19 removed from Chennai crematorium after locals protest. Odisha modifies lockdown norms to kickstart livelihood activities. Ajay Devgan Nervously Sweating Full story. A Deputy Commissioner of Police DCP along with 30 police personnel have been adviced to selfquarantine themselves after a 56yearold Assistant SubInspector ASI of Delhi Police tested positive for COVID19 yesterday Delhi Police. [OC] New Covid19 cases by date in major states: [deleted]. Alt News video verification Muslim vegetable vendor assaulted in Badarpur Delhi. Stay safe.. We just crossed 10K cases in India and my second ever employee is in the list.: [removed]. Demonisation of Muslims over Tablighi Jamaat event Cant gag media says SC: [deleted]. The statewise numbers tracked up until now. By my brother. Title We made a COVID19 live worldwide tracker with district level tracking for India. Were also listing all research papers being published in this domain from various disciplines. Check it out http//www.covid19tracker.co.in/: [removed]. 3 Arrested For Attacking Cops In Madhya Pradesh Found COVID19 Positive. Tell media houses not to fire employees Congress Manish Tewari urges IampB minister Javadekar. 25 district in 15 states have not reported new Covid19 cases in last 14 days Health ministry India News Times of India. Is Tablighi Jamaat create corona virusCOVID19 hotspot and put india into danger Tablighi jamaat Muslim member Misbehave with medical staff in different hospital.Recently nashik man sayyad jameel was arrested after tik tok video of him licking notes goes viral.. SC clarifies free Covid19 testing at private labs only for poor. Quarantine be like All mission completed: [deleted]. Quarantine be like All mission completed. Quarantine be like All mission completed. Cases and No. Of Test of COVID19 in India: [deleted]. More Than 50 Patients From KEM Hospital Forced To Live Under Hindmata Flyover. Delhi Man Thrashes Street Vendor After Demanding Identity Card Arrested. Three weeks and counting Stranded and hungry at Petrapole Indias largest land port. An estimated 2100 trucks their drivers and helpers are stuck at Petrapole in West Bengal on the IndiaBangladesh border owing to the lockdown.. Lockdown effects. Didnt follow lockdown I am sorry Uttarakhand Police ask 10 foreigners to write 500 times india news. This kid is more intelligent than many adults. Coronavirus Man Dogs Sharing Spilt Milk In Agra Shows Lockdown Desperation. Coronavirus Why India cant depend on UN WHO and old world order. The News says it all. How COVID19 cases exploded in India Jan 30 Apr 11. COVID19 Kanpur administration to track people buying paracetamol. Remdesivir Improves COVID19 Symptoms in 68 of Patients in Early Study. Prayagraj police donate a days salary for COVID19 relief. Five held for attack on health worker in Panchkula. Tamil Nadu Coronavirus patient booked for spitting on doctor at govt hospital. WHO and China covered Tedros past but what is worrying is how India fell for it. Voices of dissent: [deleted]. Abused Stopped From Selling Vegetables Allege Muslim Vendors In UP. COVID19 Responses to a Public Health Crisis Cannot Align With Communal Overtones. Southern Railway staff now under scanner as many Tabligh Jamat attendees took train. Can someone tell me whether the given website is legit or not: [removed]. My European friend abused in India: One of my friends French traveled to India along with his girlfriend in January. He had a good experience for the first 3 months He also stayed with my parents. Suddenly everything turned weird for the last 2 weeks due to coronavirus panic. He was abused on the street and 30 people broke into his house and asked him to get out of the town. He got back to France in the last flight. But others he know are stuck in India with hotels evicting them and no flight. Do you know organizations that can help them. Virus Outbreak. Coronavirus Uttar Pradesh 2 Readmitted To Noida Hospital After Coronavirus AllClear: [deleted]. More than 300 Indians have died of the coronavirus and nearly 200 of the lockdown. This is how our planet looks now A team of IIT Roorkee Alums developed this intuitive website to show how our planet looks like now during the COVID19 pandemic. Link https//covid19info.co.in/globe. Share this as much as u can . Indore Two detainees who attacked cops test positive for Covid19 in Satna jail: [deleted]. Woman pushes children into Ganga row erupts over motive amid lockdown. Disclaimer not religious: [deleted]. What Modeling the Pandemic reveals about our Mathematics: [deleted]. Observations about PM Modis Tweets in last 10 days: Number of Tweets by PM Modi in the last 10 days since Mar 28th on PMCares 61 9PM9Min 54 MannKiBaat/Yoga 21 BJP Foundation Day 11 ampx200B Poor Migrants 0 PPE for Doctors 0 Covid Testing 0 EMIs amp Middle Class 0 Are you happy with this level of governance in b/w a pandemic. Covid and Colleges How Indian colleges are handling the Coronavirus a crowdsourced initiative.: Hello r/India Some developers from my college have come together to create a crowdsourced database of how Indian colleges are handling the Coronavirus. Check it out at [https//covidandcolleges.in]https//covidandcolleges.in Screenshot [https//i.imgur.com/GiuBxAV.png]https//i.imgur.com/GiuBxAV.png Since this is a crowdsourced initiative please help us spread the word. You can share information about your college [here]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSc35BKSv8MfHLkuIR71yrxZBZF0ePkWSTWvJivD9UHQ6EQhA/viewform. Its a simple MCQ form wont take more than 2 minutes of your time. It is possible that anomalies exist in the data in this list. In that case please report the issue [here]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdxNyng1PmCgenJRMCtS7HswrE0Iliww6wSUnfoeev2m5KYA/viewform or ping us. We will try to get it fixed ASAP. We would also love suggestions on the same. Thank You and Stay Safe. Covid and Colleges How Indian colleges are handling the Coronavirus a crowdsourced initiative.: [removed]. In Covid hotspot Indore graveyards witness a sudden spurt in burials. At least 183 bodies were buried in five graveyards in the first nine days of April. Got this List of Time Killing Apps for Lockdown.. Got this List of Time Killing Apps for Lockdown: [deleted]. Coronavirus Free COVID19 Testing Only For Poor Centre Can Add Others Top Court. Woman in Covid isolation ward dies after doctor rapes her: [deleted]. Virus Cuts a Swathe Through Govandi and Nearby Areas. Do You Know 46 Some Positive Stories of Past Week Coronavirus Quarantine to Take Your mind off the Gloominess Part 2 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Indian doctors face censorship attacks as they fight coronavirus. Test Kits from China meant for India suspiciously diverted to the US. Meanwhile Hydroxychloroquine shipments from India begin to arrive in the US.. Demand for Child Pornography in India Spiked Since Coronavirus Lockdown. Help me build a notforprofit database to help people looking for jobs in case of a recession: A lot of peoples jobs are affected by this lockdown and were probably looking at a huge recession. I made a simple portal where people looking for jobs or providing services can put in their info. Similarly people who are able to hire people for paid work can put in their requirements. I have a few responses till now but nothing substantial. If you are looking/might be looking for jobs/gigs in the near future please fill it in [https//bangalorejobportal.herokuapp.com/]https//bangalorejobportal.herokuapp.com/ Or if you own a business and need to hire someone here \ is the link. Again I dont think it will do much good ASAP. But over the course of months as the lockdown is lifted it could help bolster the local economy again ALSO. Any suggestions are welcome Ill keep improving it if other devs want to join in itd be awesome too well keep it open source and free I am aware it says BANGALOREjobportal but feel free to add data of any city/town Edit I am aware the LinkedIn already exists but I dont think it works for blue collar jobs smaller companies semi skilled workers and so on. Its mostly IT. Social distancing in Bangalore jeevan bhima nagar. Kerala Woman Gave Birth to Baby Boy After Recovering From COVID19. No toilet break for six hours no contact with family for three weeks. Tamil Nadu Trichy coronavirus patient spits at nurse booked by police. 3 Arrested For Attacking Cops In Madhya Pradesh Found COVID19 Positive. India to use Chabahar port to send assistance to Afghanistan. Aarogya Setu app India has shown the way says World Bank India News Times of India. Two persons out of noida hospital on Friday after testing negative for covid 19 readmitted.. Someone in the next building has tested positive so a bunch of neighbours have GATHERED to scream and yell from downstairs asking the family to take the patient elsewhere. Now everyone is screaming at each other. Theres one cop standing and watching. This is peak Delhi.. PM Modi to address nation at 10 am tomorrow as states push Centre for lockdown extension. Were gonna win this one Stay Home. Who Gaves How Many Against Covid19 PMCARES. Personal details of Corona Virus: [deleted]. MHA asks states to facilitate movement of trucks across the country: The home ministry on Sunday has asked State governments to allow unrestricted movement of transport vehicles carrying essential and nonessential goods. Interstate and intrastate movement of all trucks and other goods or carrier vehicles with one driver and one additional person is allowed as long as the driver is carrying a valid drivers license Bhalla clarified. Empty trucks should also be allowed to operate while on way to pick up goods or returning after completing a delivery https//tech.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/corporate/mhaasksstatestofacilitatemovementoftrucksacrossthecountry/75113184. India Seeking Ways to Resume Road Projects Before Lockdown Ends. A comprehensive look at Covid Surveillance and Privacy in India. Breaking Supreme Court says It will modify the order directing Free Covid19 Test in Govt. And Pvt. Labs. Psychological survey on COVID19: Hey guys my mother is a Professor of Psychology at RSU Raipur and she wants to conduct a survey on how the current situation is affecting peoples psychological wellbeing. P.S. This is my first time creating a form. Please feel free to suggest any improvements in the form or the questions [Googleform]https//forms.gle/4HJVkwrNeHAXtDJx7. Nature Gives Us Warning Amidst Coronavirus Battle. Top 5 Solutions to Adapt During the Coronavirus Lockdown: [removed]. 82yrold Kolkata Man Donates Rs 10000 for COVID19 Wins Hearts [Read the context]. Coronavirus CEC ECs to take 30 reduction in their basic salaries for one year. Corona defeat: [removed]. PM Modi to address nation on Tuesday. Coronavirus Threat After Ventilators And Shields Mahindra Starts Producing Sanitizers. Mahindra Ventilators With Updated Features Begin Endurance Testing. PM Narendra Modi To Address Nation Tomorrow At 10 Am. Stay Where They Are CJI Says People Stranded Abroad Amid COVID19 Cannot Be Brought Back Right Now. Our absurd notions of whats essential and whats not. Coronavirus Department of Science and Technology moots research to study effects of yoga in fighting viruses: [deleted]. AdmissionOpen Online Air Hostess Course. . http//alrozaviation.com/airhostessonlinecourse/ 08448444120 www.alrozaviation.com handwash stayhome staysafe onlinecourses airhostesstraining. Covid 19 What do they mean by History of SARI : There has been a few recent cases of Covid 19 in Bengaluru with unknown origin but cause as History of Sari. SARI in Wikipedia means people with Influenza like symptoms but are they Covid 19 positive . COVID19 and the crumbling world order. More healthcare staff test positive in Mumbai. Mumbai At least six employees of Times Network test positive for coronavirus. Do you think the entertainment industry will substantially change and face a hard hit even after things get much better in India: It is amusing how no doctor can ever dream of making as much as some of the highest paid Bollywood actors do. The television business is also very lucrative. Even after the spread is contained I am sure cinema halls will not be flocked to. Does this mean large scale filming and the industry will gradually diminish And to think of it the actors were looked up to for donations during the lockdown.. Indias sex workers fight for survival amid coronavirus lockdown. Breaking 8 Ethiopian nationals who were hiding in a mosque in Chennai have been held for violating visa norms. Theyve been sent for testing.. I teach Sociology. If because of the lockdown you are facing any troubles with your homework assignments or any concept that you want to know kindly let me know I will try explaining or finding you the right resources.. Every time I see Ramdev Baba or Sadhguru on a TV channel talking about corona virus I feel the need of a cultural revolution to be done in India: It is gutwrenching when sadhguru says tried to explain what the Coronavirus wants in his own charlatan way which shows how much the country would rather rely on charlatans than doctors and scientists . I mean I get why there are sadhgurus are needed in India . We are a very religious people and we always need some form of spirituality to keep ourselves together. But at such times of crisis when there are WhatsApp messages being circulated about scientific explanations to the PMs activities i militant atheist in me growls in rage and even then I cannot debunk the BS spread because apparently respect your elders is still a thing. IAS Officer Refuses Maternity Leave Returns to Fight Coronavirus: [deleted]. [Petition] Extend the deadline for Indians in US to apply for OPT: [removed]. Uttarakhand Muslim mob comes out to prevent authorities from quarantining an Imam: [removed]. ANI News UP deletes tweet after Noida DCP says they spreading fake news on Tablighi Jamat. Coronavirus Outbreak In Dharavi 10 Of 15 New Positive Cases In 18 To 30 Age Group. Mumbai resident doctors struggle to keep distance in crammed hostel rooms At least 90 healthcare workers have contracted COVID19 infection in Mumbai about 8 per cent of the total number of cases in the city that accounts for the maximum cases in Maharashtra.. Over 150 staff members including doctors and nurses of Max Hospital in Saket have been placed under selfquarantine after they came in contact with two patients admitted for heart procedures but later tested positive for Covid19. New cases increasingly in single digits how Kerala managed to buck the national trend. Allahabad prof booked for concealing visit to Delhi for Tabligh Jaamat meet quarantined. Mangaluru teen smuggles friend home in suitcase amid lockdown. UP woman tweets to PM of poor hygiene in quarantine centre. Latest Detail of Covid19 in India. coronavirus coronavirusindia Coronavirus.. COVID19 Patient Booked for Spitting on Doctor at TN Hospital. Desi Song Modi Ji ne Apeel ki Hai Hamare Hi munafe ki hamse Deal ki hai.. Low Fever During Coronavirus What Is A Concern During Mild Coronation During Corona Virus Kajrii.com Lifestyle Book. Sexual distancing Big cats in Gujarat zoo barred from mating Ahmedabad News Times of India. Need to get to Jaipur home anyone going about Please read: Me and my family came to village about around 13th march for our grandmother that was on cancer stage 5 we visited her with entire family since then after few days lockdown had started we all as per ceremonies had around 12 days to stay and hence only brought resources and food to have for it. We basically are out of all of it now and need to get to Jaipur so people have left 1 by 1 with Cars going and About so I wanted to ask if anyone is heading to Jaipur or can i with my own car Please help .. Foreign tourists told to write I am sorry 500 times by police for strolling near Ganga in Rishikesh during lockdown: [deleted]. Made a minimalistic covid19 tracker for India over the weekend: Hey r/india I became a bit productive over this weekend and made a no bullshit Covid19 tracker. I kept it really minimalistic and just about the numbers. If you wanna check it out And critique the hell out of it [https//www.covidinindia.com/]https//www.covidinindia.com/. Punjab Weapons recovered from Gurudwara where Nihang Sikhs hid after attacking cops. Indore NSA detainee tests positive for Covid 26 cops quarantined: [deleted]. 3 IndianAmericans show recovery after transfused with plasma from recovered Covid19 patients. AntiMuslim Propaganda Is Seeping Into Online Discourse About The Coronavirus. It Was Already Dangerous To Be Muslim in India. Then Came the Coronavirus: [deleted]. How Shashi Tharoor Spent His MP Funds Just Before Centre Scrapped It. Coronavirus in Maharashtra Uddhav govt issues advisory for WhatsApp users admins to curb fake news hate speech: [deleted]. How many of you think that being rational about the current situation instead of being optimistic is anti national: I ask this because I post a lot of news articles and data about the governments incompetency and recieve messages from people I respect ed to stop spreading hatred among people. I make sure everything I post is factually correct I check the sources and verify it independently. What the fuck is happening. Case Against Coronavirus Patient For Spitting On Doctor In Tamil Nadu Police. SC to hear PIL against setting up of PM CARES Fund on Monday: Todays horoscope Pick a tainted lawyer to file a shoddy PIL get it thrown out immediately and use the opportunity to make favourable comments that IT cell can fill social media with. Create a precedent to throw out any legitimate petition in future. Taaliyan bajti rehni chahiye. [Link]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/sctohearpilagainstsettingupofpmcaresfundonmonday/articleshow/75106955.cms. Covid19 Ministry claim India would hit 8.20 lakh cases by April 15 without lockdown is questioned. Covid19 Kamal Nath says lockdown was delayed so that BJP could form government in Madhya Pradesh. Covid 19 Risk Map for Indian Users. We may flatter ourselves by declaring that we are the upcoming superpower but most of us citizens are nitwits for taking this lockdown and the pandemic as a joke my comment is based on observations in my community area.: [removed]. Coronavirus COVID19 Update: [removed]. Found a coronavirus live counter. Coronavirus Lockdown No food at hand mother of 5 throws children into river. Labourer wife cover 130 km distance on bicycle for cancer treatment. JampK Family refuse coronavirus test in Budgam take screening team hostage. I think this is the only place where this would be appreciated. staysafe. India to extend nationwide coronavirus lockdown. Tourists forced to write sorry 500 times over India lockdown breach. RSS Volunteers feeding the needy in India. So much for a payback. Andhra Pradesh to distribute 3 masks to each of 5.3 crore citizens. She only talks to me when shes bored. In India Coronavirus Fans Religious Hatred. RSS Volunteers distributing meal kits to needy families. Correction 106 Positive cases today in which 16 have travel history and remaining 90 are their contacts said Tamil Nadu Health Sec Beela Rajesh. Note Reporter incorrectly quoted TN Healthy Secy Error is regretted.On April 12Beela Rajesh did not mention single source contact. Need Help [Serious]: My grandma is a heart patient and had open heart surgery 11 months ago she had low probability of living yet she survived the operation but with lifelong medication. She doesnt have the medicines right now and urgently requires it. I live in Hisar Haryana and she lives in Rajgarh Rajasthan. I have tried every possible way to get passes but I am getting no response. I have the medicines and scooty can I just go by it and give her the medicines She us getting restless I need to transport it at max by 15th april 1200 as she cant stay more than that. Please suggest any alternative.. ANI caught spreading fake news again claimed 100 new TN cases were from Markaz attendees. However TN did not make any such claim today: Today TN reported 106 cases. However TN Health Secretary in her briefing did not mention that these cases were linked to Markaz. Yet ANI tweeted saying the cases were from Markaz and this tweet comments were entirely islamophobic also this tweet was [further used by BJP member of parliaments and other IT cell chaddies to spread hatred and islamophobic comments]https//imgur.com/a/Vh6XBZV. Now ANI after several hours in the middle of night has [issued a correction.]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1249406170562871296s20 If case has been filed against The Wire editor then surely a more stronger case is to be slapped against ANI for running islamophobic propaganda that would give Rwanda radio a run for its money. Shocking Video of Lepoard in Mumbai During Lockdown. PM Cares qualifies for CSR spend donations to CM relief fund out of its ambit Times of India. Do You Know 45 7 Effective ways to Work From Home During This Pandemic Situation 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Do You Know 44 Vaccine to Prevent Childhood Tuberculosis Might offer Protection Against COVID19 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Randians who lost their jobs due to the ongoing pandemic how are you dealing with it: [removed]. I didnt have any plans other than going to work but still..  . IllAdvised And Inadequately planned Letter Petition To CJI Seeks Stay On Community Testing In Goa. [serious] COVID19 Help me here where am i going wrong Please I am not trying to create a panic.: too long but please read. please do not panic over this as i may be a dumbass. The [Mortality rate of Covid19 in India]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/indiascovid19deathratelowerthanmanydevelopednationslikeusukmedicalexperts/articleshow/75084199.cms is 3.05 according to this [article]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/indiascovid19deathratelowerthanmanydevelopednationslikeusukmedicalexperts/articleshow/75084199.cms. The mortality rate in US is about 3.57 in Italy around 12 and in UK its more than 12.according to the above article so about 3 people die per 100 cases in India. Its scary but not too much. currently mortality rate is calculated by number of death per number of cases . mortality rate Total Death / Total cases currently in world 1806436 active cases and 111722 deaths.the curve is nowhere near flat mortality rate 111722/1806436 6.18 worldwide. so about 6 people die per 100 cases worldwide. Its scary still not too much. lets assume an [infection rate]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanishflu of 20 20 percent of population would get infected in a span of [2 years]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanishflu/media/File1918spanishfluwaves.gif. 25 is the infection rate for Spanish influenza and it didnt spread to many country as covid19 the social distancing was not that great before and there were [three waves]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanishflu/media/File1918spanishfluwaves.gif. ampx200B now 20 of 7.7 billion people is 1.4 billion very huge and 6 of 1.4 billion is 84 millionestimated death toll. realistically if the infection rate is brought down to 1by social distancing lockdown etc the death toll would still be 4.2 million. stay the f\ck inside home seriously ampx200B now my real panic is that the current mortality rate calculation takes total active cases into account the people who got infected and are still in hospital waiting for outcome. eventually these people will either die or get cured. Doesnt it make sense that we should only consider the cases which had outcome for mortality rate calculation mortality rate total dead / total discharged or curedtotal dead In this case current mortality rate 111722 / 413222111722 21.3 thats huge numbers from [worldometer]https//imgur.com/a/E2HZnAI this changes everything. now if the infection rate is 1more likely estimate the death toll would be 16.4 million.holy f\uck which makes this one of the worst pandemics in history. In [India]https//imgur.com/a/vOkmjyH mortality rate 331/1080331 23.45 which is very high above world mean why are scientists saying we have low mortality rate Did gov officials know about this or they know and they are keeping it silent to not cause any panic BTW the actions taken by Indian gov is by far the best in the world.as far as i researched . they did bring down the infection rate by a huge factor. ampx200B please help me with these questions Am i doing the calculation correct or did i miss any variable Does India have huge asymptomatic cases which were not reported How did china contain this did china actually contain this or lying about the numbers because the numbers in china are nowhere close to other countries. their mortality rate by second method only calculating outcomes is 4 while for the rest of the world is 21. it never crossed 5 at any timevery suspicious. Their mortality rate is low all the way why all the country have similar curve except china why India is relying on Chinese model in containing this Virus India should not follow Chinese model to contain this problem.i know medical students who are lazy to do their maths. how is it possible for China to contain this as the infection rate is very high .R0 2.2 for covid19 based on Chinese study for comparison seasonal flu in USA has an R0 of 1.3 and roughly kills about 25000 to 75000 34200 in 2018/19 remember that this is the rate for an exponential graph.[chinese study]https//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK554776/ for comparison seasonal flu in USA has an R0 of 1.3 and roughly kills about 25000 to 75000 [34200 in 2018/19]https//www.cdc.gov/flu/about/burden/20182019.html remember that this is the rate for an exponential graph. how can we model this in India will India be f\ucked if there were a community spread Can we get some volunteers who can send me materials on how to model this properly I know data science i can make a website. with your help i can make some valuable prediction on how this will unfold and will give you that information for free. NOTE STAY THE FU\K INSIDE.. Meghalaya govt decides to allow wine shops to operate in state from Monday owing to demand from people. Why doesnt Indian government borrow ventilators from the private hospitals instead of buying them: [removed]. Brain Drain and COVID 19: Every year thousands of trained and competent doctors most of whom were educated by the taxpayer leave India for greener pastures as soon as their education is finished. There is no difference this year either. In fact the US has given special permission for US embassies to process VISAs for doctors admitted to ResidencyPG with priority and without delay. They of course realize their own shortage of health professionals and they are stealing both talent and money from 3rd world countries. However this year with the onslaught by COVID 19 yet to wall perhaps the GOI and people of India ought to reconsider this policy most of these doctors require permission from the Union Home Ministry to qualify for J1 Visa. TLDR The US has made special exception to their strict VISA regimes to recruit young doctors from third world countries in the face of the epidemic to ensure they have no shortfall of physicians. India should do the same and temporarily halt young doctor migration till the threat of COVID has subsided.. Why COVID19 is spreading swiftly in Mumbai. Lockdown extension Odisha govt to start 3month free rice dal supply. 156 stories eight editorials and five cartoons over 15 days how Dainik Jagran kept up the constant Islamophobic dogwhistling on Tabhlighi Jamaat as if India would be free from Coronavirus if only. Rss distributing food packets to people. My favorite lockdown pic so far. Behind closed doors the biggest viruses are masked. After the lockdown domestic violence and Child abuse have reportedly increased.. Attack on Police in Punjab. Telangana Microbiologist Travels 1500 Km To Help With COVID19 Testing. Not Anyones Enemy Suicide Note of Man Targeted Over COVID19. Coronavirus in India Several targets missed still no sign of rapid testing kits: [https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/severaltargetsmissedstillnosignofrapidtestingkits/storyMu8HX2wB2Z9ZsFV3lGqzyJ.html]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/severaltargetsmissedstillnosignofrapidtestingkits/storyMu8HX2wB2Z9ZsFV3lGqzyJ.html Lack of rapid testing kits results in lack of understanding the true nature of the spread of COVID19 in India. Agreed. How IB sleuths tracked thousands of corona suspects. Tourists forced to write sorry 500 times after breaching India lockdown. False Rahul Kanwals claim about Trump suggesting early access of COVID19 vaccine to India Alt News. World Bank sees FY21 India growth at 1.52.8 slowest since economic reforms 30 years ago. What are your thoughts on the post covid19: We might survive. But the way we would all be coming out of this virus just scares me too. As per the current state of India. If the virus spreads like usa in our country. We would really go downhill. I know our government is doing whatever they can. I am not against them. But if they dont start testing we are not getting out of it. Because in societies that are not monitored properly people still go out carefree. Roam around for walks. And it is just scary. And the thing is that post corona if we survive there are more problems ahead of us. I just thinking our country is coming near recession. As i would be passing out that scares me. And surely somebodys gonna respond to china in one way or another regarding the virus. Its just so much anxiety that keeps me stressed about this world. Give me some hope if you do have. Not sure if posted here before.. Masks4allChallenge: Hi Friends This is my first post on reddit although i have been following reddit for past 2 years. Countries like Czech republic and Taiwan have kept spread of virus under control by ensuring everyone wears it. This was a totally new thing for Czech Republic but as a nation they have responded amazingly. Me and my friends think we will eventually have to do this in India even after lockdown is removed. Also mass production and distribution of masks to all with take time. We all have time and can contribute to this by all making a DIY mask. There are studies which clearly say that it reduces the growth rate of masks. We have started a masks4allChallenge on FB and Twitter along the lines of Ice bucket Challenge which has following steps \ Make a DIY mask \ Share with someone in your surrounding \ Tag 3 friends to take up the challenge and ask them to share in their timeline More info [https//www.youtube.com/watchvBCJcEr7kcg]https//www.youtube.com/watchvBCJcEr7kcgampfbclidIwAR0QE0mXZGMEHBAg4fR0B2MYH2LGerOf43gh61CvXfeDJaT3DjkliopwgTg [http//shorturl.at/ilDFL]http//shorturl.at/ilDFLfbclidIwAR1y9BkZ5cRZkd8ueA40v3ko6jXEYtDov3DCbWI7J3raRH6ISef4LhDhQ We are now reaching out to celebrities to spread the word. What are your thoughts Can you guys also participate in this . Do you think the country would have reopened after the lockdown on 14th April if the single source event would not have happened: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fzxv71. Video Two arrested in Gujarats Morbi for supplying tobacco using drone. My father works as a manager in a company. Even during the lockdown he is forced to go to work. On top of that the company has made all the employees sign an undertaking stating that employees are working at their own risk: He is already risking his life going to work. On top of that the company is using its muscle to keep themselves out of any legal action in the future. What legal measures that can be taken against this situation. They did the math... Tamil Nadu reported 106 fresh COVID19 cases taking the total number of those infected to 1075 on Sunday the state government said.6 people have been discharged taking the total number of those cured to 50 in the state.. If you violate lockdown we will put you in a room amp play Masakali 2.0 on loop Jaipur police warns violators.. Pune firm first in India to get government funding for Covid vaccine. COVID19 8 doctors 5 nurses test positive in TN as state total rises to 1075. Ministries to resume work relief for industries farmers Exclusive details on extension of Covid19 lockdown. Pandemic Policy in Developing Countries Recommendations for India. Drone Footage Worlds Famous Cities Under Lockdown. Your one donation can feed someone hungry: [deleted]. Your one donation can feed someone hungry. Tamil Nadu Coronavirus patient booked for spitting on doctor at govt hospital. I created an app that reads aloud coronavirus information in Indian Languages: I have built a small web app [https//www.virusbhagao.com/]https//www.virusbhagao.com/ which reads aloud basic coronavirus information in Indian languages. The goal is to convey the basics of coronavirus to most regional language users in small cities/villages of India. Literacy is not a barrier the app uses a text to speech interface to read the content aloud. There is an abundance of misinformation and superstition regarding coronavirus and surprisingly few sources which give out verified facts. Our only source of information is a subset of [https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses]https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses which we translate to Indian languages. Please help us spread the word especially to people who need this. Thank you. Policemen attacked in Bihars Bhagalpur for preventing mass gathering on ShabeBarat. Abnormally High Deaths in Indores Muslim Localities Alarm Authorities But No Link Found to Covid19. Foreigners in quarantine at Isha Yoga Foundation They had come to attend various programmes including the Shivaratri celebration held on February 21.. Untouchability even in quarantine. We have never taken food cooked by a Scheduled Caste person the two middleaged men said. Boris Johnson recorded a video message for Doctors and paramedical staff. In India Coronavirus Fans Religious Hatred. virusbhagao.com Read aloud coronavirus basic information in Indian languages. Current situation everywhere: [deleted]. Coronavirus Group Of Young Men Misbehave With Women Health Workers In Haryanas Panchkula. Who is Dr Beela Rajesh and how is she handling the pandemic in Tamil Nadu. Watch Bhilwara village sarpanch slams Sonia Gandhi for crediting Rahul Gandhi for Bhilwara Model to battle COVID19: [deleted]. Explainer The proposed zones idea and why it is a disastrous one.: The government is apparently floating the idea to create zones of three kinds red orange and green. Red zones are hotspots with 15 or more cases and there will be no activity in them. Orange zones have less than 15 cases and they will have limited public activity like limited public transport. Green zones have no virus cases where restrictions will be relaxed. Theyve not yet come out with a full list of relaxed restrictions in this Source https//www.google.co.in/amp/s/www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusindiaredorangegreenzonestomarkcoronavirusspotsincountry22103813famp1ampakamairumoff My problem is a very obvious one We are NOT testing enough. Because of this we dont actually have a conception of which zones are red orange or green. That means because of the virus 2week incubation period and the fact that it is asymptomatic means that there will be people roaming around without realising they are infected causing green zones to also eventually turn orange or red. This would be possible if we had better planning which we DONT.. West Bengal Hundreds of people gather at mosque despite strict lockdown orders FIR lodged. Uttar Pradesh No food during lockdown mother throws 5 children into river. Indian Media much more dangerous than COVID19 itself: No doubt India is a great country but Indian Media totally sucks. They have started a fake news or maybe new propaganda which says Covid19 infected Nepalis plan to enter India to create chaos for the shake of TRP during such pandemic. So far total corona case of India is around 8500 amp Nepal is 9 Source Worldometers. No bounds to stupidity of Indian Journalism. Why is Indian Media such a business/money orientated Link [https//twitter.com/indiatvnews/status/1248527428172910593]https//twitter.com/indiatvnews/status/1248527428172910593. Punjab Weapons petrol bombs recovered from Gurudwara where Nihang Sikhs hid after attacking cops. A 7month baby in an isolation ward gives hope amp cheers up actor Shikha Malhotra who has gone back to being a Nurse as India fights COVID Shikha is an inspiration. Our Healthcare workers deserve every bit of support and gratitude we citizens can offer.. Daily Covid19 Test Samples [OC]. BMC to test 15 lakh residents of Dharavi to contain large scale outbreak of coronavirus in Mumbai. P Sainath on impact of Corona on Rural India Farm Distress. 3 Mumbai journalists test positive for Covid19 put in isolation. Predictions on the next statement D. Prashant Kishor on What the Coronavirus and Lockdown Crises Will Mean for Indian Politics: [deleted]. Hi guys So Im getting bored at home like most of you and I found these online what do you think. COVID19 to hit South Asia very hard likely to wipe out gains made in poverty alleviationWorld Bank India News Times of India. MLA Masala Jayarams men booked for birthday bash in Ktaka but FIR says he wasnt there. Coronavirus India Updates Total Covid19 Cases Rise To 7447 Indias .... Madhya Pradesh is the only State where there is no minister for home amp health. Lockdown was imposed 40 days after Rahul Gandhi expressed concerns over COVID19. The Centres engagement in toppling MP govt led to delay in taking steps to tackle COVID19 Congress leader Kamal Nath. Plasma treatment can cure COVID19 patients in just 37 days Doc at top Kerala hospital. Punjab Cops Hand Chopped 2 Injured In Attack By Group Defying Lockdown: [deleted]. Untouchability even in quarantine We have never taken food cooked by a Scheduled Caste person the two middleaged men said. How Indian innovators are fighting corona with drones and robots. PM says Aarogya Setu app essential tool in COVID19 fight possible to use it as an epass to facilitate travel from one place to another. Cops Book Supporters of Karnataka BJP MLA Who Flouted Lockdown Rules Celebrated His Birthday With 100 People. Coronavirus amp Other Pandemic in History Historical Losses of Outbreaks COVID19. COVID19 Rapid test kits from China meant for Tamil Nadu diverted to US. With lockdown stressing out the mind Hyderabad sets up an allIndia helpline dial 108: gtA team of 130 trained volunteers from across the country with years of experience in counseling are currently working out of the Call centre based in Hyderabad. gtThe last fortnight has been unusually busy for psychiatrists and mental health professionals who are flooded with distress calls from men and women confined to their restricted spaces Anxiety stress fear of consequences loneliness failure uncertainty of career and restlessness etc are some of the complaints they seek professional solutions to. He has been receiving calls personally on how to handle the isolation and loneliness and feels that people need to just calm down and engage themselves productively at their homes. gtBrahmananda Rao chief operating officer said they expect a lot of calls from alcohol addicts. Addicts do not know who to talk to or how to handle themselves or get cured. Only a counsellor can guide them to fight addiction. We help them with remedies and choices available in government facilities. Not all need to go to the hospital. For more details https//indianexpress.com/article/coronavirus/withlockdownstressingoutthemindhyderabadsetsupanallindiahelpline6358723/. CoronaYoddha. Dont forget that lock down has resulted in death of 186 people.: This could have been avoided if not for the utter mismanagement and criminal negligence of this regime. Central government in its report to Supreme has said that in Gujarat NGOs fed 93 of the people who were provided meals. [Source]https//www.indiatoday.in/amp/india/story/in13statesngosfedmorepeoplethangovtduringcoronaviruslockdown166511120200409. This is the Gujarat model for everyone to see. The man who is celebrated for his Gujarat model is in charge of affairs of entire country. Here is the breakup of the deaths. Total 186 Starvation exhaustion police brutality delayed medical help suicides due to loss of income or lack of food 47 Road accidents 35 Alcohol withdrawalrelated deaths and suicides 40 Suicides due to fear of infection loneliness and lack of freedom of movement 37 Death by crimes associated with lockdown not communal 7 Unclassified unable to categorize need more details 20 Here is the database proof for each death is provided on the website. https//thejeshgn.com/projects/covid19india/nonvirusdeaths/. Coronavirus What are the options to ease the lockdown. Karnatakas first sanitiser bus rolls out of scrap yard. Pencil and notebook shortage: Since the lockdown has started and Im a Student and recently passed my 11th Im unable to write notes for my online classes for 12th I have no notebooks or pen since all the stationary shops are closedwhen I talk about this to the teacherthey simply neglect. ANYONE ELSE HERE IN THE SAME SITUATION. Is Kerala close to flattening its Covid19 curve. India Donations to PM CARES allowed under CSR but not to states or CMs Corporate ministry. COVID19 Causes Severe Disruption To Indian Economy Says World Bank Inventiva. COVID19 Lockdown Set To Be Extended As 1000plus New Cases Of Coronavirus Infection Push India Tally Above 8000 Inventiva. MP converts Bhopal gas tragedy hospital to COVID facility one dead as survivors left helpless. Covid19 Our Dystopic Present. In UP two people walk down from the quarantine facility where they are accommodated to their homes twice a day to have food because they wont eat food cooked by a Dalit.. India couldve seen 8.2L COVID19 cases by Apr 15 sans lockdown containment steps Health ministry: India couldve seen 8.2L COVID19 cases by Apr 15 sans lockdown containment steps Health ministry http//dhunt.in/9eFLhsaampsspd Source India TV via Dailyhunt. Stay Home Stay Safe. Indias lockdown had near 0 effect on the spread of coronavirus in the country: See the total cases on log scale here https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/country/india/ its a perfectly straight line since 7th March. Lockdown was enforced around 23rd March and we should have seen a decline in slope a few days later if the lockdown had any significant effect in reducing the spread. I know common logic says that lockdown is helping but why doesnt the data say so One common argument i expect Slope wouldve increased if the lockdown wasnt in place this is not true. You can check data for countries without lockdowns and data for india between 7th March to 23rd March straight line on the log plot is the natural expected graph for the exponential spread of the virus.. Watch Health workers cheer for a COVID19 survivor in Bengalurus KG General Hospital.. Asked to Show Curfew Passes During Lockdown in Patiala Nihangs Chop Off Cops Arm Injure Two Others: [deleted]. Policemans hand chopped off two others injured in attack by Nihangis in Punjab: [deleted]. Five ISKCON devotees in UK dead 16 others tested positive more cases likely from 1000person gathering before lockdown. After the video of muslim vegetable vendor got viralthis is how vegetable vendors are distancing themself from the incident M.P . Creating time restrictions for movement during partial lockdown is so dumb: Why would you want all the people leaving their houses at the same time and create a gathering at places like stoplights and market stores Wouldnt it be better if the movement of people is spread out throughout the day to minimize them coming together Even if you are isolated 23 hrs/day but 1hr you are spending in public the infection is going to spread. In fact it makes rest of the lockdown totally meaningless. PM Modi sets up task force for scientific validation of Ayurveda for treatment of coronavirus. Policemen attacked in Bihars Bhagalpur for preventing mass gathering on ShabeBarat: [deleted]. Untouchability even in quarantine. India beats other nations in Covid response Oxford Study. Uruguayan diplomat flouts lockdown rules in Delhi fights with cops.. After Nizamudin fiasco several mosques in Assam ban Tabligh Jamat activities say groups superstitious ways impossible to follow in 21st Century. After Nizamuddin fiasco several mosques in Assam ban Tablighi Jamaat activities say groups superstitious ways impossible to follow in 21st Century: [deleted]. Lockdown Surat deputy mayor holds event video goes viral: [deleted]. Villagers are far more better than city dwellers.: [removed]. Indore death rate 3 times higher than India average. Coronavirus The children struggling to Survive Indias lockdown. Breaking Patients staying on the road in Mumbai. Hospital patients have been shifted under a flyover. This is a temporary arrangement made by the BMC.. Local woman teaching the children of her village about social distancing and handwashing.. An Avalanche Awaits Us Virologist Dr Jacob John. Indian American groups condemn scapegoating of Muslims for coronavirus spread in India urge PM Modi to stop hate. Our COVID aid not for Tablighis jihadis write Assam Foreigners Tribunals members. Karuna0 India1. The Hindu Magazine. April 12 2020.. Karuna0 India1. The Hindu Magazine. April 12 2020.: [deleted]. COVID19 Air India To Ferry Fruits Vegetables To London Frankfurt To Help Farmers. Mumbai Six Taj hotel employees test positive for coronavirus The company has been hosting at its hotels in the city doctors and health workers from various staterun hospitals treating coronavirus cases and also those rendering other emergency services.. We had placed an ordered with a Chinese firm for Rapid Antibody kits the consignment has been diverted to US. We are hoping next consignment will be to India. We will get atleast 50000 kits in that Shanmugam TN Chief Secy: [removed]. We had placed an ordered with a Chinese firm for Rapid Antibody kits the consignment has been diverted to US. We are hoping next consignment will be to India. We will get atleast 50000 kits in that Shanmugam TN Chief Secy: [deleted]. Arm twisting much: [deleted]. BJP MLAs birthday party during corona lockdown. In India Kerala woman recovers from COVID19 gives birth to baby boy two days later. Women leading from the front in fight against COVID19 in Odisha. TOP 10 Coronavirus Like Film. COVID IS DEVASTATING BUT THERE ARE SILVER LININGs. No food no cash money in banks 40 km away Rural Maharashtras women say they are waiting for death. China seeks to dominate postCOVID19 world but Beijings role in downplaying pandemic wont be forgotten Firstpost. Friends say proudly that there is something unique about India and Indians. Homecoming vs health risk States flag migrant plight but in a bind. Covid19 crisis Indian airlines hold on to Rs 6000 crore to avoid hard landing. In Manipur at least five are detained for questioning government handling of Covid19 crisis. Covid19 lockdown Vegetable fruit crops rot as farmers fail to find buyers. Seeking To Go Home Amid Coronavirus Lockdown Migrant Workers Set Vehicles Abalze In Surat. City on Lockdown. Vartalap: [removed]. I Hope All Of This Is True What Happens Next. A Gist of Indian Innovation To Combat COVID19: The contagious COVID19 outbreak has caused a catastrophic effect around the world. Countries are struggling to control and contain the spread of this disease. India with its massive population is making the best efforts to fight against the COVID19 virus. The 21 day lockdown period has not locked down the creative minds of the researchers and engineers of our country. India supports all forms of innovations in the diagnosis [treatment]https//www.intepat.com/blog/patent/theglobalpatentraceforcovid19vaccine/ prevention and spread of COVID19. We keep hearing many hearttouching stories of researchers and doctors working to combat this dreadful disease. Here is a gist of what the innovation community of India is up to and how our Government supports them. Innovations across the Country TripleLayered Antiinfectious Gloves About 8.3 of the total cases in Italy are health workers who treat and take care of infected people. A team of Indian youngsters from Viral Brain System have realized the seriousness of this issue and have designed triplelayered gloves that are antiinfectious. The gloves not only protect the users hands but also disinfect everything the personal touches while wearing the gloves. These gloves once opened can be used for a maximum period of three days. The inner and outer layers of the gloves are made of latex while the middle layer contains the sanitizer or any disinfecting chemical. The prototype is in testing and can be expected in the market soon. Antibacterial Clothing [Thermaissance]https//thermaissance.com/ a startup from the GTUincubation center has come up with specially designed antibacterial clothing for hospital staff. The innovation makes use of nano silverbased technology that is capable of destroying both positive and harmful bacteria. This reduces the risk of exposure and spread of diseases among hospital staffs that are in close contact with the COVID19 infected people. They have also come up with cheap antibacterial masks tested in a NABL accredited laboratory in Mumbai for their authenticity. The masks offer 99 protection from germs even after 60 washes. Colourchanging Mask A threelayered colorchanging mask to detect the presence of the COVID19 virus is at the concept stage of innovation by the [Babaria Institute of Pharmacy]https//bitspharmacy.org/. The mask prevents the entry of Coronavirus and also acts as an indicator when exposed to the virus. The membranous layers of the mask consist of enzymes and chemical reagents that can copy DNA to RNA. When the mask comes in contact with Coronavirus particles the mask constituents react with the virus and form a solid pink color. The change in color will indicate exposure to the virus. 3D Printed Toothbrush The innovation from the startup Pragratham addresses the importance of oral hygiene in the survival rate of corona virusinfected persons. This toothbrush is specially designed for COVID19 patients in ICU. This opensource design requires a 3D printer and cotton gauze to construct the toothbrush. It takes an hour and 45 minutes to produce a single 3D printed toothbrush. The product has received positive feedback when tested. The Quarantine Watch App The senior IAS officer Munish Moudgil with his team in Karnataka has launched Indias first unique mobile app to facilitate active tracking of people in quarantine. The application works on both android and iPhone platforms. The homequarantined person should download the app fill in essential personal details and send selfies. The system will identify good resolution selfies and officials from the District Photo Verification team will check for the originality of the selfie. The application has also enabled GPS tracking to trace their whereabouts effectively. Online Training Programme The Karnataka Government has launched a 1.302.00 hour training programme to train doctors treating COVID19 patients. The programme is freely accessible on YouTube. The programme helps doctors to prepare themselves and also teach them on specimen collection and transport clinical management and supportive therapy for COVID19 patients. Sanitization Units PadCare Labs a Punebased startup has designed a sanitization unit to disinfect the surface area. The unit working on the principle of UV mechanism can disinfect an area of 80 sq ft with a 99.99 bacterial reduction in 15 minutes. The organization will be installing the units in a local hospital soon. CCAMPs Initiatives The Centre for Cellular and Molecular Platforms [CCAMP]http//www.ccamp.res.in/ has launched COVID19 Innovations Deployment Accelerator CIDA to identify and support innovations that help in combating Coronavirus. The program has partnered with Social Alpha United Nations Health Innovation Exchange UNHIE India2022 Xynteo India Health Fund MedTechConnect AICCCMB and CCMB to select innovations and develop them to large scale applications. The companies with projects towards the following criteria were nominated for funding. Preventative Measures [Anabio]https//www.anabio.ie/ Technologies Pvt Ltd works on innovating new preventative technologies that offer better protection than the existing ones. The technology from this company aims to transform a mask or a regular cotton cloth into a protective agent against Coronavirus. This technology will work on meeting the needs of N95 masks and other personal protective equipment. Diagnostics There is a rising need in India to perform masstesting to identify and isolate people infected with COVID19. CoSara Diagnostics Pvt Ltd and Ampligene Diagnostics Pvt Ltd are working on developing easytouse affordable quick and accurate diagnostic technologies. Respiratory Devices 510 of the Indian population will require ICU in the event of community spread in India. There is a rising need for invasive and noninvasive respirators to treat critically ill patients. US FDA has approved the use of Continuous Positive Airway Pressure machines CPAP to meet the scarcity of ventilators. Coeo Labs and Avyantra are working on innovations in the mass production of respirators to achieve this scenario. Many such innovations are going around in the nook and corner of our country to fight back COVID19. Our Government has also launched several incubation programmes to encourage innovators working on combating this dreadful disease. The active contribution from young [entrepreneurs]https//www.intepat.com/blog/intellectualproperty/intellectualpropertyrights/ and researchers is inevitable to serve our country during this massive health crisis.. We made a COVID19 live worldwide tracker with district level tracking for India. Were also listing all research papers being published in this domain from various disciplines. Check it out http//www.covid19tracker.co.in/: Weve made a live COVID19 worldwide tracker with district level tracking for India compiled indirectly from various health ministries and state backed news pages. In addition to the tracker we feature major datasets related to the pandemic along with research papers produced in various domains related to COVID19 for interested students/researchers. [http//www.covid19tracker.co.in/]http//www.covid19tracker.co.in/. Sudden Hydroxycholoroquine Shortage Is Forcing Indian Doctors To Make Tough Choices. Coronavirus Hotspots in Thane Containment Zone in Thane. Sup extroverts. How is this allowed. India beats other nations in Covid response Study India fares better as compared to other countries such as the United States Germany Italy Spain South Korea and Britain in the Oxford Covid19 Government Response Tracker OxCGRT. Council of ministers to resume work from offices on Monday India News Times of India. Coronavirus Has Indias Yamuna River gotten cleaner during lockdown. Sup extroverts. Data Science Starter Package Giveaway 7 Free Udemy Courses by Kirill Eremenko amp SuperDataScience Team [OFFER EXPIRES IN 1 DAY]: [removed]. Does anyone else wonder if nature is trying to heal itself by putting the rodents at home. How long do you think the lockdown should/would be extended: So we are reaching the end of the originally assigned 21 day lockdown. But an extended seems to be the correct and proactive decision to take. How long do you think the lockdown should/would be extended [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fzd2bs. Another Indore Doctor Who Tested COVID19 Positive 3 Days Ago Dies At MP Hospital. Male Nurse Attending To COVID19 Patients Dies In Kerala Road Accident CM Pays Tribute. COVID19 cases in India.. Punished for Flouting Lockdown Foreigners Strolling in Rishikesh Ordered to Write Im Sorry 500 Times. In some positive news today the sixmonthold who tested positive for Covid19 in Kalyan was discharged from Kasturba Hospital. She was welcomed by the entire residential society.. Rajasthan CM Ashok Gehlot bans spitting of chewable items in public. Shane Smith chats with former NSA spy and whistleblower Edward Snowden on rise of authoritarianism and surveillance during COVID19 pandemic.. Telangana extends lockdown till 30th April with possibilities for further extension in phases. What about you : [deleted]. RSS had no permission to help at check posts Telangana Police clarify as photos go viral. My dumb ass sat on my specs jugaad in lockdown. I am available 24/7 Modi to CMs. The male female and pollen behind JampK order to chop Covid19 trees. Maybe theyll keep using this card.. Can we use binary search in India. Lockdown situation teaching us something. Indian Scientists Response to COVID19 ISRC issues statement against demonization of Muslims due to Jamaat event. Covid19 Without any restrictions India would have had 8.2 lakh cases by April 15 claims Centre. Rapid test kits from China not reached us yet got diverted to US TN Chief Secy. Madhya Pradesh Officers Accused Of Dodging COVID19 Checks Served Notice. COVID19 India Projection Data. Racing bar graph of Covid19 statistics in India from 14 March to 10 April. Plasma therapy trials begin in india.. Impact of Covid19 Survey: [removed]. More than 40 IndianAmericans die of COVID19 in U.S.. Testing Kit Consignment meant for India diverted to USA.. The Politics of Pandemics Rajdeep Sardesai amp Karan Thapar Reset with Algebra amp HarperCollins.. Lockdown extension likely as most Chief Ministers approve of it. first comment for sources. Rapid testing havent arrived yet consignment diverted to US Tamil Nadu chief secy. How is corona virus still spreading in this lock down period: Today is the 18th day of lock down India still seems to get around 1000 cases per day. This proves that the virus is finding ways to infect large number of people irrespective of people maintaining social distances and trying to keep in them inside their houses. What exactly is helping the spread of virus [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fz85u0. Stay at Home and Stay Safe www.cleverpitch.com: [removed]. Rapid test kits not reached us yet got diverted to US Tamil Nadu Chief Secy. Monkeys Swimming in the pool during lockdown Mumbai. After ThooSmitaPrakashThoo ThooSudhirChaudharyThoo trends as Zee News shares fake coronavirus story. ISKCON reports 5 Covid19 deaths in UK after 1000 gathered for a funeral. 21 Positive COVID19 Cases Sees Services at Delhi State Cancer Institute Suspended. West Bengal Hundreds of people gather at mosque despite strict lockdown orders FIR lodged. Demand from India to ArrestDrTedros grows louder on social media. At least 36 people linked to Mysuru pharma cluster test positive for coronavirus. Mysuru police said that Japanese and Australian nationals visited the facility in Nanjangud in February and are probing if they were carriers of the coronavirus.. Akshay Kumar donated Rs. 25 Crore to PM Modi Fund for Coronavirus fight. What a great Philanthropist. Huge respect for you sir.. West Bengal Hundreds of people gather at mosque despite strict lockdown orders FIR lodged: [removed]. 3 yo child died of COVID 19. Ratan Tata issues clarification on fake news circulated on WhatsApp after Zee News and other media outlets face public shaming for false reporting. Increasing Covid19 testing capacity in India: My friend posted this on his LinkedIn gtTesting capacity in India can be increased by up to factor 10 to up to 400000 a day by doing pooled testing. E.g mix 16 samples and if negative all are negative otherwise binary search for the positives. Could of course be used worldwide. I guess he has been a lot into algorithms lately. Is this some kind of troll or sarcasm that i dont understand or is this even possible Even if we do binary search we have to test for all of them right I mean its not like we need to find the positive one and then we are done we have to find all the positive ones. Whats your take on what he said. Coronavirus Pandemic Claps Candles And Diya But No PPE And Masks For The Doctors. India to extend nationwide lockdown state minister says. Asking the real questions.. nature at its best during quarantine .. This is not blaming this is the fact minorities should encourage Tablighi attenders to get themselves checked as soon as possible.. Take a moment to be grateful to the heroes of India. ICMR releases testing data as of April 10th 9PM.. Fearing massive financial and job losses the Indian alcoholic beverage industry has asked the Centre and state governments to chalk out a plan and allow opening of distilleries and bottling plants in a phased manner.. Railways transports 20 litres of camel milk to a family in Mumbai after a woman tweeted about its nonavailability for her 3.5yearold autistic child who is allergic to goat cow amp buffalo milk. Rant: The only silverlining of covid is people finally started getting the concept of a queue. It nice not reminding every 3rd person there a ducking line.. How Isprava is fighting COVID19. ICMR releases testing data as of April 10th 9PM.. India to extend lockdown by 2 weeks: India is set to extend its nationwide lockdown for another two weeks until April 30 as its confirmed coronavirus caseload continues to soar with no sign that the severe restrictions on most economic activities have flattened the curve. India confirmed its highest ever daily number of infections at 1035 over the past 24 hours health ministry officials said. This brings the total number of confirmed coronavirus patients to nearly 7500. Of those 642 have recovered and 239 have died. Prime Minister Narendra Modi engaged in a fourhour dialogue with chief ministers of Indian states on Saturday to discuss whether to lift the lockdown which has caused extreme hardships to Indias hundreds of millions of casual and informal sector workers whose incomes have collapsed since the restrictive measures were introduced on March 22. Mr Modi made no official statement or comment after the meeting concluded. But Arvind Kejriwal the chief minister of New Delhi made it clear that the lockdown would not be lifted on April 14 when it is currently due to expire. Mr Modi is expected to address the nation on Sunday or Monday night about the extension. Analysts and industries expect that Mr Modi may announce some relaxation of the restrictions for farmers who are poised to harvest their annual winter wheat crop. Industrial businesses especially exporters are also hoping for some relaxation for manufacturers so they can maintain the supply of essential items and fulfil international orders. However all Indias public transportation systems including urban metros rails the railway network and all domestic and international passenger flights are likely to remain suspended. Source Financial Times [https//www.ft.com/content/6f64d2806a463117a2eaa5cd76b91683]https//www.ft.com/content/6f64d2806a463117a2eaa5cd76b91683. Punjab Muslims Families Hide in Riverbed After Being Driven From Hoshiarpur Villages. Pallavi Jain Govil accused of Dodging COVID19 Checks. Jaan Bhi Jahaan Bhi PM Indicates Lockdown With Economic Strategy. Telangana mom rides 1400 km on bike to get her son back.. Coronavirus update Maharashtra lockdown till April 30 CM warns may extend it even more india news. Walkthrough Covid test kiosks in Kerala. How Lohono Stays is fighting Covid19: [removed]. Javed Khan Attacker Of Doctors In Indore Tested Positive For Coronavirus. COVID19 Data Shows West Bengals Testing Is the Lowest Among Larger States. Though Mamata Banerjees government has received praise for its measures its testing has remained low.. What do we got in the testing space: Guys... What is the countrys preparation regarding testing kits What happened with the 5 minute testing kit developed by Abbot technologies Are they bringing it to India Orfo we got better plans I dont think India could survive extended lockdowns like the developed countries. Our resources are so scarce.. Very detail analysis of Emergencies law and need of data privacy resulted from pandemics.: https//www.youtube.com/watchvk5OAjnveyJo gtShelter in Place with Shane Smith amp Edward Snowden Full Episode This video explains what emergencies laws and monitoring of people movement in pretext of surveillance of infected people can be used against people for vested political interest. Over a hundred defy Covid19 lockdown gather for Friday namaz in Bengal district. Lockdown in Maharashtra extended till April 30. Any help you can reach out to this number.. Lockdown to be extended in India by 2 more weeks PM Modi confirms on a call with chief ministers. Jaipur police twitter handle must be run by PewDiePie fan.. Rising number of Dead bodies buried in Indore in Madhya Pradesh raise questions. COVID19 schools are closed...teachers are making videos and sharing same with students.. COVID19 Five lakh antibody testing kits ordered by ICMR have not been received yet says Health Ministry. [AMA Request] From COVID19 patient recovered or infected but under quarantine.: 1. How did you get infected 2. What are the symptoms to look out for 3. How are you feeling now like respiratory problem chest pain etc 4. Did you also infect your family members 5. Where are you kept under quarantine Thanks in advance. PMOIndia Lockdown Extended for 2 weeks: BIG Breaking PMOIndia and CMs all come to consensus on 2 week extension in lockdown. PM recommends 3 zones red green and yellow for lockdown depending on severity of virus spread. Kerala model may be adopted by country. 17 Ludhiana cops Judge quarantined as arrested vehiclelifter tests positive for coronavirus The 24yearold vehiclelifter was among the two covid19 positive cases reported in the city on Thursday. The man was caught with a stolen motorcycle.. 2 More Weeks Of COVID19 Lockdown PM Modi And States Agree In Meeting. PM has taken correct decision to extend lock down Kejriwal. Testing / million we should be proud. The best thing to read on internet today amid the chaos in ourselves over lockdown beautifully put together by Shri Ratan Tata ji. Still my favourite will always be my favourite.. Many Covid cases without travel or contact history shows ICMR study. PMCMs meet on COVID19 Most CMs favour extending lockdown:  gtChief Ministers cutting across party lines favoured extending the lockdown although everyone had some new element in his suggestion. gtHealth Ministry is also of the view that the lockdown is needed for three more weeks till May 1st to flatten the curve gtWest Bengal Chief Minister Banerjee whose government imposed total lockdown in 10 hotspots in the state ahead of the meeting said that the GDP of the states has fallen after lockdown and sought a relief package for all states. gtPunjab wanted Rs 500 crore from Centre for augmenting hospitals in the state and supply of testing kits besides relief for farmers. https//www.deccanherald.com/amp/national/pmcmsmeetoncovid19mostcmsfavourextendinglockdown824061.html. Pakistan not taking Indias initiative to stop Coronas havoc in SAARC countries many allegations made. Goa is the Best: Lots of touristsforeigners as well as Indians just 7 casesno new cases since many days.Even Andaman and Nicobar Islands and jharkhand hv more cases than Goa.And all of us are praising Kerala. /s. COVID19 IITB researchers smart stethoscope can hear heart beats from a distance. 2 More Weeks Of COVID19 Lockdown PM Modi And States Agree In Meeting. Took it headon IAS officer Tina Dabi on how Bhilwara model for Covid19 worked. We Werent Even Tested Mystery Over Saharanpur Polices List of COVID19 Patients Deepens. Worried about lockdown extension Well here are few tips to overcome the anxiety for the next few days. follow us on FB bit.ly/psychedufb and Insta at https//bit.ly/psychdeduinsta for more updates. Govt to extend lockdown. There are talks of extended lockdown in India. PM Modi is having a meeting with CMs from states.. Coronavirus The children struggling to survive Indias lockdown. Overcoming Anxiety over next few days: [removed]. Hows The Josh . Covid19 Testing Procedure. Going out during lockdown. Children struggling to survive in Indias lockdown. What do you think about that. Aggressive testing contact tracing cooked meals How the Indian state of Kerala flattened its coronavirus curve. I dont even know what to say looking at this.. Army loses elite Commando redtapism compels parents to travel 2000 km by road for last rites. MP TikTok user Samir Khan who mocked face mask in video tests positive for Coronavirus. A few families in Mumbai decided to head to Chowpatti this weekend. Because there is no airpollution they could spot Ellis Island and New York City skyline in the horizon . Migrant Woman Dies Of Excessive Bleeding After Allegedly Being Raped In Isolation Ward In Bihar. 15 million jobs likely to be lost in export sector relief sought. Three weeks on daily essentials fast turning into luxuries in Mumbai. PM Narendra Modi uses homemade face mask during CMs meeting on Covid19 India News Times of India. PM holds meet with CMs discusses extension of lockdown. India beats other nations in Covid response Study. No basis yet to blame Tablighi Scientists. India beats other nations in Covid response Study Read more at http//m.timesofindia.com/articleshow/75089755.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. Screening over at Nizamuddin no positive case yet. Karnataka BJP MLA breaches lockdown amid Covid celebrates birthday serves Biryani. What are you going to do when you run out of cash/food: Most of Indiansincluding myself do not have enough cash/food to sustain their family for extended lock down. Eventually we will run out of cash and food. By end of April India will surely have more than 50000 cases with 1000 deaths so if vaccine/medicine for corona is still not found lock down many continue forever what are you going to do when you run out of cash/food [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fyyl2g. PM Narendra Modi uses homemade face mask during CMs meeting on Covid19. Always the lame blame game.. Sarpanch Leads Namaz in Madhya Pradesh Mosque Amid Lockdown Held With 40 Others. Village sarpanch slams Sonia Gandhi for giving credit of Bhilwaras Covid19 model to Rahul Gandhi. The importance of testing Capital leads the way. Thankyou. 100 Days Of COVID19 Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan Shares Keralas Story. Today my Nanu send me this video showing herd of Blackbuck deer they saw in our village after a really long time in midst of this lockdown. He was soo happy showing me this. Fatehpur UP iphoneX 848480. [IMP] Collate verified sources to donate for covid19: [removed]. Gas Cylinder delivered from agency left in Sunlight after cleaned by Dettol water to avoid Corona.. Gas Cylinder delivered from agency being kept in Sunlight after cleaned by Dettol water to avoid Corona.. Villagers Turn Away Relatives as Virus Scare Grips Rural India. Karnataka BJP MLA celebrates birthday with villagers amid lockdown. India vs Pakistan COVID 19 cases comparison. Been hearing from folks about the BCG vaccine helping with Covid19. WDYT. From COVID19 ward 26yrold patient in TN writes 4 exams completes course term. By April 6 when she was discharged Laasya managed to complete her final exams and the second term of the course she is studying in another country.. After 2 doctors and staff three cancer patients at Delhi Govt Hospital test Covid19 positive. Earlier this week a doctor and nine paramedical staff had also tested positive for the COVID19 at the Delhi governmentrun hospital.. Please help maids and wage workers: I see a lot of donation to govt. fund me for covid19 promotions. Its a great idea definitely. I have zero idea what and how they handle the donation money. How much goes to affected people gets and how much who works to collect it gets. But I say this here there is no greater help than helping the affected directly in hand with cold cash. Facts why direct donation is the best Instant result Credit goes to you not authorities who collect the cash from you Lot of love from the receiver lt3 no tax fax karma bonus points helps keep starvation and nutrients away. more.. In this crisis times they are the most affected without work money and lots of mouths to feed. Now most of them are penniless. This vast large number of people are isolated from our thinking bubble living area social bubble social media. Where do they ask for help Who hears their struggles While they all just worked for our comfort the mundane things we think we dont deserve to do Our society just asked all residents to fire the maids although i fired ours month ago with extra bonus obviously she has two childrens. Im going to send her money again soon. Im afraid how many lakh maid and wage worker families are starving right now. Again I have zero idea. I urge you. Please do what you can.. Flouting the countrywide lockdown several people had gathered at a mosque in Bengals Murshidabad district for Friday prayers today. Police rushed to the spot and cleared the area.. COVID19 Why have India and Pakistan abandoned their citizens in the UAE Editorials Gulf News. Foodgrain supply to Gujarat doubled during lockdown FCI. Focus on relaxing lockdown for harvesting in rural India:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to discuss proposals to extend the Covid19 lockdown to the end of the month in urban centres while easing it selectively for rural areas to allow harvesting said officials with knowledge of the matter.. Hey people Ive made a web application to track COVID19 globally. There are precautions helpline all in one place also a chatbot which can help you with the most frequently asked questions on COVID19. I undertook this project to utilise my time in quarantine. StaySafe StayAware. So according to ANI now holding birthday parties will prevent the spread of covid19. People who test negative might also have coronavirus Study: gtscientists have warned about a growing concern the tests are not 100 percent reliable meaning people with negative results might actually have coronavirus. gtThe majority of tests around the world use a technology called PCR which detects pieces of the coronavirus in mucus samples. gtthere are a lot of things that impact whether or not the test actually picks up the virus Priya Sampathkumar an infectious diseases specialist at Mayo Clinic in Minnesota told AFP. It depends on how much virus the person is shedding through sneezing coughing and other bodily functions how the test was collected and whether it was done appropriately by someone used to collecting these swabs and then how long it sat in transport she said. gtWith 40 million people even if only one percent of the population was tested 20000 falsenegative results would be expected. USA Part of the problem lies in locating the virus as its area of highest concentration shifts within the body. More details in the below https//www.deccanherald.com/amp/scienceandenvironment/peoplewhotestnegativemightalsohavecoronavirusstudy823952.html. Go Corona Go American Version. Karnataka BJP MLA Throws Mega Birthday Bash Amid COVID19 Lockdown. COVID19 Live Updates on Twitter. COVID 19 Safety Map for India: [removed]. Over 9k answer CM Uddhavs volunteer call most from Maximum City. Unable to Sell Produce Due to Lockdown Farmer Commits Suicide in Karnataka. Kerala tops among primary health centres in India. Is Corona virus going to be seasonal flu like h1n1 swine flu : Every year we lose 15001600 victims to h1n1 swine flu in India. It visits two seasons every year and takes it victims. Ever since it first pandemic in 2009 India was never free of h1n1. Even today there is no proper vaccine for h1n1. If kovid19 which is highly contagious become a seasonal flu how is it going to be prevented at larger scale This thought alone making me believe only flu vaccine can save the world.. 10MonthOld Girl Dies At COVID19 Quarantine Centre In UP. PM Likely To Address Nation To Announce Whether Lockdown Ends Tuesday. Facebook Sues Indian Techie Over Deceptive COVID19 Ads . Flouting Lockdown Rules Hundreds Served Biryani at Karnataka BJP MLAs Birthday Bash in Tumkuru. So my grandparents send me this video showing us herd of Blackbuck deers they saw after a really long time in our village in midst of lockdown. She was so happy showing me this.. Buy XAT PTE For sale In Vijayawada 23 7654759239. Heres a explanation for the people who dont understand why staying in home is necessary Flatten the Curve. No basis yet to blame Tablighi Scientists: No basis yet to blame Tablighi Scientists http//dhunt.in/9dKDXsaampsspd Source The Telegraph via Dailyhunt Download Now http//dhunt.in/DWND. No basis yet to blame Tablighi Scientists: No basis yet to blame Tablighi Scientists http//dhunt.in/9dKDXsaampsspd Source The Telegraph via Dailyhunt Download Now http//dhunt.in/DWND. Modis India Isnt Prepared for the Coronavirus. Single Source. Has the lockdown messed with your body clock: [removed]. Indias Hindu Nationalists Are Inciting Hate By Claiming Muslims Are Spreading Coronavirus. COVID19 Tracker: Hey guys I made a dashboard for tracking COVID19 based on ICMR numbers. [https//parisolunke.shinyapps.io/IndiaCovid19Tracker/]https//parisolunke.shinyapps.io/IndiaCovid19Tracker/ checkout if yall are interested or looking for something like this.. After trader tests positive Mumbai APMC to shut down. Social distancing a distant dream for madrasa children. With Coronavirus Lockdown Indias Cities See Clear Blue Skies As Air Pollution Drops. TED interview on How the coronavirus is impacting India.. Recent report by ICMR is there really a case for community transmission . Centres More Than Enough Assurance Rings Hollow as India Feels Hydroxychloroquine Crunch. Indias Hindu Nationalists Are Inciting Hate By Claiming Muslims Are Spreading Coronavirus. Everything about this video be it the humanity of the Police or the level of awareness of this man on street gives hope that we shall overcome. This happened in Kerala.. Everything about this video be it the humanity of the Police or the level of awareness of this man on street gives hope that we shall overcome. This happened in Kerala.. When will it be normal again: Anyone who thinks that there would be any revert to absolute normalcy isnt paying attention at all. This is here to stay. We can test however much we want the numbers will never reflect the actual infected. This lockdown will extend for a month or two more at least in high effected zones and then perhaps a call would be taken to phase it out depending on the severity on our health infrastructure. Most metropolitan cities would have multiple containment zones and communities would be lucky to have no cases within. Those worried about the economy do realise its in a free fall now and only a definite cure/vaccine can bring stability to the markets. Most industries will never bounce back to its old ways. Yes many will be unemployed and yes many will downgrade exhaustively from their respective class stature. We can only aim to adapt to these circumstances. Fortunate are those that lived miserly as they would have their emergency fund to bid their time. But to those worried sick about bleeding money I appeal to their creative minds try and find ways to figure what other opportunities can be looked into while we all bid our time. Ingenuity and innovation is the call wed need to answer to because trust me waiting to relapse into the old business ways isnt going to bring it to us any sooner. We as a nation never gave importance to a just way of funding the much needed infrastructure that would have given us the fighting chance. We have full fledged extreme class divide a media which is complicit in advocating polarity absolute corruption runs deep in our veins regulations are flouted by the rich and powerful and like termite we ate into the lives of our own the chaltaa hai rot bore deep and now to expect the same system to cohesively help all of us out is a fools errand. This isnt pessimism just plain old facts. Disaster management calls for a unified approach but just look at us our bureaucracy is a testament to our incompetence and non adherence on multiple levels. How can we expect governance to make this right when we ourselves collectively never cared for each other No statue high enough will fill us with pride as compared to the shame wed feel to see the mountain of ashes of the dead when this is done with us.. Lockdown Migrant workers in Surat come out on road demanding salaries. More than 1000 persons assembled on street demanding to return to their home States.. Everything about this video be it the humanity of the Police or the level of awareness of this man on street gives hope that we shall overcome. This happened in Kerala.. Scary Norbert noises. Coronavirus has single handedly defeated all the othes causes of death. Jai Corona: Before you downvote read what happened in the last week. One of my relatives died Door ke mama from a heart attack. He was a heart patient. The hospital in which he was admitted told his family that you have to announce to the media that he died of covid19 or we wont give you the body. After several requests they gave the body after 3 days maybe after taking a large amount of money bribe or something. This was only because he was a muslim and this happened in a small town where hindus have already stopped buying from muslims and vice versa. I am an exmuslim myself but when I heard this it first of all it made me sad that such things are happening in times when humanity should stand together and fight not literally because social distancing. Hehe but then it made realize that coronavirus has done so much for muslims. It has killed all other causes of death itself. Now no muslim can die of heart disease or cancer or accidents etc. Jai corona.. Coronavirus hotspots in Delhi Containment zones in Delhi. Covid 19 India Timeline. Song about Lockdown. SATHE THAKAR GAAN ScreenShout ScreenShout Originals. Heres What You Can Expect In Air Travel After The Lockdown Ends. Flouting Lockdown Rules Hundreds Served Biryani at Karnataka BJP MLAs Birthday Bash in Tumkuru. Lockdown Migrant workers come out on road demanding salaries. Punjab Muslims Families Hide in Riverbed After Being Driven From Hoshiarpur Villages. The COVID19 vaccine development landscape. 24 of 26 coronavirus patients in Sangli recover 22 discharged. [NP]Live Streaming Of Hearing During COVID 19 Kerala HC And Justice Gautam Patel Of Bombay HC Lead The Way. Less than 1 of PPEs have been received by the Centre from domestic suppliers.. Less than 1 of PPEs have been received by the Centre from domestic suppliers.. Coronavirus Lockdown Health Of River Ganga Improves. In India A Moms 1400 km Trip on Scooter to Bring her Son Back Home. Most dangerous species on Earth. Apple and Google are building a coronavirus tracking system into iOS and Android. Aggressive testing contact tracing cooked meals How the Indian state of Kerala flattened its coronavirus curve. Amit Malviyas fake news fountain 16 pieces of misinformation spread by the BJP IT cell chief. [LIVE]Coronavirus Pandemic Globle Covid19 live updateIndia: India N0.21 [https//www.youtube.com/watchviQAuTHTtPmk]https//www.youtube.com/watchviQAuTHTtPmk. Indias coronavirus relief plan may exclude millions Activists. Delhi Govts Operation Shield is helping control the spread of CoronaVirus in the national capital.. Courtyard by Marriott Ahmedabad spreading some smiles in this pandemic. Not OC. Received via a friend from Ahmedabad.. Global trade impact of the Coronavirus COVID19 epidemic: [removed]. Tamil Nadu cops mistakenly stray into Karnataka question Home Minister Bommai for lockdown violation. No Studies to Link COVID19 to Pollen But Kashmir Government Wants 42000 Poplars Axed. Bengaluru friends how are you going back home: Not sure how to travel back to Hyderabad during this lockdown. No airtravel no train roadtravel is also being policed.. 1000 cases reported today.... Its really getting bad out here. India to the RESCUE Hydroxychloroquine for COVID19. 1000 cases reported today.... Its really getting bad out here. 1000 cases reported today...... Its really getting bad.. 1000 cases reported today....its really getting bad. 1000 cases reported today....its really getting bad. A mother ride 1400KM on Scooty to bring back his son.: [removed]. Lol what is this. Lol whats this. Indore Doctor With No Travel Or Contact History Dies Of Coronavirus. DHFL Promoters Lockdown Vacation In 5 Luxury Cars High Walled Farmhouse. Global trade impact of the Coronavirus COVID19 epidemic: [removed]. Stay safe guys. Food shelter or surveillance LSGD gets job done. Undertake Intensive Search Operations To Locate The Persons Who Have Returned From Tablighi Jamaat Chhattisgarh HC Tells State [Read Order]. What if coronavirus crisis had hit India under Manmohan Singh not Modi. Covid19 In wake of SC order private labs urge govt to reimburse testing costs. Thats how a community with sufficient awareness responds to a pandemic. Video from Kerala.. Empty streets in Delhi.. 183 new COVID19 cases reported in Delhi 154 are linked to the Nizamudin event. 183 new COVID19 cases reported in Delhi 154 are linked to the Nizamuddin Markaz. Delhi Man snatches senior citizens vegetables beats him to death. Dont Abandon Your Pets No Link That Animals Transfer COVID19. Timeline of the COVID19 by First Case from Each Country The First 100 affected countries. Man who edited special branch letter arrested in Vadodara Ahmedabad News Times of India. Countries with Zero Coronavirus cases. Congress leader with Covid19 booked for hiding travel history village declared containment zone. Bhilwara model How this Rajasthan district brought Covid19 under control. Yes Bank case Kapil and Dheeraj Wadhawan detained in Mahabaleshwar for violating Section 144. Coronavirus Relief Donations A New Way To Run The Country Of 1.3 Billion Inventiva. Pib clarification related to news about HCQs Shortge. Latest Indian Innovations and Funding Opportunities to Combat COVID19: The untapped potential of Indian youngsters is coming to light through various funding opportunities and contests organized by the Government of India. Let us look into some more innovative measures around our country to tackle this COVID19 scenario. Affordable Diagnostic Kits [Bione]https//www.bione.in/ a Biotech startup in Bangalore has designed a kit for the rapid diagnosis of COVID19 from the comfort of our home. The kit approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research [ICMR]https//www.icmr.nic.in/ promises to give the diagnosis result within 5 10 minutes. Researchers at the Indian Institute of Technology [IIT]http//www.iitd.ac.in/ Delhi have also come up with a rapid diagnostic kit to detect the virus. The kit developed at Kusuma School of Biological Sciences is currently undergoing clinical trials at the National Institute of Virology [NIV]http//www.niv.co.in/ in Pune. Innovations in test kits will bring down the cost of testing and also give results within a short timeframe. Bagvalve masks as Ventilators Bagvalve masks are handheld inflatable devices to support breathing in critical conditions. Professors from IIT Hyderabad have come up with a similar design that works with power from an electrical source such as a car battery. The device is cheap easy to manufacture and portable. Professor Murty and Professor V. Eswaran from the Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at IITHyderabad say the device could be manufactured for less than Rs 5000 or onehundredth the cost of a conventional machine. Portable Multifeed Oxygen Manifold MOM Vishakhapatnams Naval Dockyard personnel have found an innovative solution to meet the demand of ventilators to [treat COVID19]https//www.intepat.com/blog/patent/theglobalpatentraceforcovid19vaccine/ infected patients. The MOM contains a sixway radial header fitted to one cylinder. This portable innovation can supply oxygen to six patients with one oxygen cylinder. MOM is an effective way to treat patients with limited resources available. Herbal Sanitizers Washing hands frequently can prevent the spread of COVID19. All countries are stressing the importance of washing hands to keep ourselves safe from infection. The cost and demand for personal hygiene products have shot up around the country. Students from IITRoorkee have prepared herbal sanitizers to promote personal hygiene. The sanitizers meet the regulations of [WHO]https//www.who.int/ and the US government health research institute Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [CDC]https//www.cdc.gov/. Disinfectant Tunnel A water treatment company in Tirupur Tamilnadu has designed a disinfectant tunnel that can disinfect people as we walk through it. This portable tunnel is about 16feet made of stainless steel and fitted into a mild steel frame. Arogya Setu and Corona Kavach App The Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Union Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology have collaborated to develop a COVID19 exposure risk tracking applications. The beta version of these Apps will be of use to track if the user has any exposure to coronavirus patients. These Apps will track the users location and alert them if they come across a person who was tested positive for the virus. Innovation Contests and Funding Events Several government agencies and private sector companies have come forward to encourage and support innovations and designs developed to tackle the COVID19 crisis. COVID19 Solution Challenge The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has launched this challenge to involve active community participation around the country. The challenge is accepting solutions to help fight COVID19. The best solutions that could be adopted in real life will be rewarded. The contest will give away prizes totaling to 175000 INR. The last date to [participate]https//innovate.mygov.in/covid19/ is 16 April 2020. United Against COVID19Innovation Challenge The department for the promotion of industry and internal trade DPIIT with Startup India has announced an open call for all companies startups and innovators to offer solutions that can bridge the gap between the demand and supply of medical requirements used in the diagnosis treatment and prevention of COVID19. The contest encourages innovators to work on medtech artificial intelligence machine learning and the Internet of Things to come up with ideas prototypes and designs to combat COVID19. The deadline for [entries]https//www.startupindia.gov.in/content/sih/en/amsapplication/challenge.htmlapplicationId5e79126ee4b055bfaea9ef66 is 15 April 2020. Challenge COVID19 Competition C3 National Innovation Foundation India NIF an autonomous body under the Department of Science and Technology India has [announced]http//nif.org.in/challengecovid19competition a competition to find solutions to the most pressing problems in the COVID19 scenario. The C3 encourages innovations to reduce virus transmission improve sanitizing facilities and enhance door delivery options for the elderly. Currently the contest is accepting entries on a rolling application basis. Centre for Augmenting War with COVID19 Health Crisis CAWACH The Indian Ministry of Science and Technology has formed the [CAWACH]https//isba.in/cawach/ to identify and support innovations of startups working on the novel safe and affordable respiratory devices personal protective equipment diagnostics and any other innovation to control and treat the spread of COVID19. The Centre is equipped with funds amounting to 56 Crore and plans to identify 50 such innovations and take them to the next level. Many State Governments have also come up with challenges motivating students startups innovators around the country to come up with innovative solutions to face this health crisis. The optimistic and encouraging environment is an ideal platform for budding innovators. Kindle Einstein and Newton in you to help our nation solve the COVID19 issue.. AIIMS Resident Doctors Association rejects mandatory donation of 1day salary to PMCARES fund. Coronavirus Inside Indias busiest Covid19 hospital BBC News. Covid19 886 cases in 24 hourstotal cases rise to 6761. Coronavirus Pandemic Are We Heading Towards An Economic Slowdown Or Is The Slowdown Heading Towards Us Inventiva. Understand the method in Covid19s madness. India doesnt need complete lockdown. 132 fresh coronavirus cases reported in Mumbai on Friday citys COVID19 tally crosses 1000mark with 1008 patients. Bhagalpur Bihar Muslim youth pelt stones and open fire at Police after being asked to go home on ShabeBarat. Coronavirus impact on Environment: Only positive side during this pandemic and lockdown is positive side effects on Environment. Pollution decreased and air quality is good all over the world. Water quality in rivers is at all time best due to industry shutdown. Everything changed in just 10 days teaches us a lot of things to learn from. So please make sure we will have more electric vehicles going forward which will keep Air Cleaner and we should have more water treatment plants which will filter water before sending to rivers. What do you think . Indias Drugmakers Ramp Up Production Of GameChanger Coronavirus Drug Hydroxychloroquine. India The Spread of the Coronavirus by States from March 14 to April 08. Punjab after Odisha becomes 2nd state to extend lockdown till April 30. The WHO v coronavirus why it cant handle the pandemic: The WHO v coronavirus why it cant handle the pandemic https//www.theguardian.com/news/2020/apr/10/worldhealthorganizationwhovcoronaviruswhyitcanthandlepandemicCMPShareAndroidAppPostonReddit. Supreme Logic of Supreme Leader art by Sanitary Panels. When do u think international flights will resume to allow NRIs to return back home to India : [removed]. Good luck Goa.. [Opinion] Governance and Administration participation culture must for better Electorates.: Im keen observer of Human Behaviour and reserve certain interest in Political System and how it shapes the Electorates. The following views were formed earlier and had been reaffirmed when I listened to The Seen and the Unseen podcast by Amit Varma Ep. 149 with Jayaprakash Narayan My view has always been to study and vote the Candidate most relevant to us the MLA/MP of our own respective constituency. Is his primary focus on Party Worship or He also genuinely cares about the constituency and works towards it. Corruption has become inevitable evil that is to stay on account of Broken Electorate system of First Past the Post. This method is akin to Bottom to Top Approach of Management where the Central Policy is the manifestation of Ground Reports of respective constituencies Why do I feel is this most Important aspect that influences youre vote 1. Basic facilities of Sanitation Garbage Collection Law and Order and all such things are all the product of the local machinery in place. The Centre is an instrumental force in steering the Public policy. The real groundwork is laid by the local administration that has the task of implementing it. 2. It helps the Voter be a real part of Voting process as he is voting for a Candidate thatll tackle the issues that are of direct concern to him. It ensures that there is direct impact of the Vote he casts. 3. It helps in selection of Responsible Candidates who know that only real time work will lead to ensured retention of his office. And that an active voter base will have a scorecard in hand that will evaluate his performance time to time. 4. It will inculcate a culture of sustained Politics direct involvement in decision making process of the constituency and nation building opposite to the form now where it is goes into slumber at the end of an election cycle. This is not a foolproof method to root out all evil of the Broken Electoral System. But I consider this a nudge in certain direction maybe a base for greater changes in future. For/Against opinions if any are always welcome Ill take this as another learning opportunity.. After India Exports Hydroxychloroquine To US Stock Runs Dry For Mumbai Doctors On Frontlines. Coronavirus hate campaign triggers attacks. Positive impact of covid 19. Punjab extends lockdown/curfew in the state till May 1st. A Bigger Crisis in MP 18 Health Dept Officers Test Positive for Covid19 Several Others in Quarantine. A Very Obvious Problem The Maharashtra Migrants: [removed]. Congress Leader Who Hid Delhi Mosque Visit His Family COVID19 ve. Muslim man brutally thrashed on suspicion of spreading coronavirus.  Mani Bhushan. Will India move to bartering based economy: All the non essential services will be locked down till we get a WORKING vaccine/medicine for corona. This may collapse economy housing small businesses rents EMIs FD interest rates. There is a chance that all banks will collapse under the weight of corona making your bank balance mutual funds shares become worthless. If we do not find a tangible solution for corona virus in next THREE months will India move back to age old bartering economy [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fydv7s. Coronavirus India offers support to UAE Gulf nations in battle against pandemic. People power How India is attempting to slow the coronavirus. Call to all makers How YOU can contribute to Indias fight against COVID19. Kerala Police Corona war .. we shall overcome hilarious video. Shashi Tharoor slams PM Modi for supplying hydroxychloroquine to Israel asks what happened to India First. Queue outside Dmart Mira Bhayandar Mumbai Today. For a change some wholesome Twitter banter. COVID Go ask malaria how lethal he is.... ICMR Revises Strategy Will Test People Having InfluenzaLike Symptoms From Coronavirus Hotspots. For a change some wholesome Twitter banter. Drug sent to US unavailable for BMC doctors Mumbai News Times of India. In Punjab27 cases are there with no travel history yes it can be said that most of them are cases of community transmission Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh. New York using mass graves amid Coronavirus outbreak OnlyScoop. Questions on my mind because of the lockdown and the pandemic thats still at large.: 1 Read that China ended their lockdown a few days ago how does that work exactly Theres no cure for Covid19 yet.. whats to stop anyone there from catching it again and repeating the cycle 2 PM cares relief fund been getting a lot of forwards/ seeing praised on social media about who donated what amount and all... I thank them sincerely. Also whats happened to that amount How is it being utilised and whos benefiting from it 3 Jobs that arent paying salaries to their employees. How are those people and their families supposed to get by How will they pay rent bills and loans I know some banks have paused collecting EMIs for 23 months but that communication was made via Email I dont think the majority of Middle Aged and Senior citizens would update themselves by checking their mailbox 4 I live in Bangalore and once A week I go to get essentials and each time I see that the main road is sort of packed even during late afternoon and people are just sitting outside closed shops and are basically chilling idk why the seriousness of this disease isnt getting to everyone yet And also the panic buying during each announcement of any lockdown or curfew. Its less survival of fittest and more survival of the doucheest. 5 And that HCQ drug what was that drama even for It was evident hed get it since Trump and Modi are basically FaceTime buddies at this point. 6 The govt has been announcing different things hold off rent pay salaries free ration random people spraying things in main roads who also dont know what theyre spraying anyways.. when are these things getting implemented What is the solution for the middle class people who need that salary or have to pay rent 7 Why are they locking out pet food Cz my local shop was pretty empty when I went in last week and had to buy different brands of food cz they were out and claimed that no new stock is coming in till this is clears up. 8 Did everyone sign up on TikTok for real. Government helpline receives 92000 calls in 11 days for child abuse and violence. From Beating Pots and Pans to Beating Doctors Coronavirus Fight Takes Bizarre Turn. why the states with most cases of coronavirus are the ones not ruled by the BJP : [here]https//i.imgur.com/dMHZlKP.png I was looking at the statewise coronavirus data and noticed a pattern the top 5 states with the most cases of corona are either ruled by INC or its a coalition coalition government . weird conspiracy or just a coincidence . OXFORD COVID19 GOVERNMENT RESPONSE TRACKER.Source in comment. Our University UoA donated 44 lakhs to PMCARES Fund but has not released student stipends and salaries since two months: University of Allahabad last week donated 44 lakhs for the PM CARES Fund in the fight against COVID19. See [here] https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/allahabad/aucontributesrs44lforcoronareliefefforts/articleshow/74937838.cms I am not questioning their contribution in fact MHRD made it mandatory for Universities to give one days salary from all teaching and nonteaching staff. However UoA has not released salaries of research assistants postdocs PhD students and junior research fellows for at least two months now. It seems like the University has time and arrangements to send money to the Government but not to its own employees who are living in a cash crunch. Ironically enough the teaching staff and administration have received their salaries but the research students and employees have not. With everything digital still there is no clarity on if we will receive the salary let alone when. I can only wonder what is the situation in informal sectors.. COVID19 Rap Hello everyone Check out my RAP on COVID19 Here is the YouTube link https//youtu.be/lrq2f2hZyY. This is to clarify that Arunachal Pradesh has got only 1 COVID19 positive case till date. The reporting by Zeenews is false and does not carry any authenticity. Congress Leader Who Hid Delhi Mosque Visit His Family COVID19 ve. Public Appeal for Help [COVID19]: Hi r/india we are a nonprofit solving the problem of delivering PPE Kits to hospitals in Delhi and anywhere else that we can get items delivered. Our Process 1 Requests received from hospitals are put in queue after verifying it is sent from a legitimate email address from a person in authority. 2 We ask the hospital to get a quote from their vendor for the quality and quantity they need. 3 We allocate funds for this as per the current amount raised and pay the vendor who will deliver the goods directly to the hospital this will be against a GST invoice. 4 Once a hospital receives the goods we will request them to share pictures and its acknowledgement. So far we are working with the Maulana Azad Medical College and Lok Nayak Hospital Delhi and Hindu Rao Hospital. Urgent items required by them are PPE Kits 10000 required ICU PPE Kits 1000 required and Sanitisation Tunnels at hospital entrances. Two requests I want to make from r/india gt 1 Please help us reach these goals and provide the necessary equipment to the hospitals. Please donate if you have money to spare / please share word so that those who can help / want to help have a platform to do so 2 If you know any hospitals that need help with equipment please ask them to reach out to us regarding their needs. Ketto Campaign All details mentioned here are present there with relevant proofs http//ketto.org/fundraiser/toprovideppekitsfaceshieldsn95maskstodoctorsandhospitalstaff Please guys it is a a humble appeal to help out. We are doing our level best and there are many organisations that we are in touch with that are funding such activities for any hospitals that they can.. 100 Days of COVID19 Kerala Story. How a Little Effort on Hygiene and Health can help us Boost our Immunity: [removed]. Everything was going daijobu until this event happened.. Is the coronavirus enough to change the academic year: The typical academic year in India JuneMay is so as to keep the summers free for people to harvest their produce at least thats the rationale I heard of in school. With delays and cancellations due to the coronavirus is their a possibility that the notion of an academic year may be shifted. Madhya Pradesh Case registered against 40 ppl who were found offering prayers inside a mosque in Chaurai Chhindwara. Chaurai station incharge saysThey were found offering prayers in the mosque violating sec144. Case registered under Epidemic Act amp relevant sections.9.04. This seriously needs to be here.. Disinfect the sources of communal virus will they. Maharashtra is the worst hit state in terms of Corona Infections.. Lapse by West Delhis Maharaja Agrasen Hospital. Corona ive man dies here on April 4. Hospital gives body to family doesnt inform authorities. Family hides corona info from everyone as well several attend cremation. Now deceaseds son Sachin is found ive: [removed]. National TV channel says Arunachal has 11 COVID19 cases. Really. Why.... We are a team of independent psychologists based in Hyderabad providing free supportive services for mental health during this pandemic. Reach out to us. You are not alone.:  We are fluent in English Urdu Hindi Telugu Gujarati and Kannada. If you need to reach out to us please use [this form]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd9JpxL6idud02d31Ux7N6qePAar6sf1Ngd6BK4KE0Utyo7Q/viewform and sign up. https//preview.redd.it/32a9thp90yr41.jpgwidth960ampformatpjpgampautowebpampse64ce23d7694c105284de8c06fd6d764c6079c90. I got this video about the Corona Virus test in Bihar. Is it true. We are a team of independent psychologists based in Hyderabad providing free supportive services for mental health during this pandemic. Reach out to us. You are not alone.: [removed]. 32 officials infected as coronavirus hits Madhya Pradesh Health Department. Coronavirus Tests per Million. Covid19 Respiratory illness patients without travel or contact history test positive in ICMR study: [removed]. Pakistani Muslims Hindus Sikhs and Christians pray together for the pandemic to end at Sacred Heart Cathedral Lahore: ampx200B [from r\/pics]https//preview.redd.it/kwmewpf5wxr41.jpgwidth640ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsc76253d44dfa5f62eabe3b5283c1a4da005a79ce. Covid19 lockdown Woman rides 1400 km on scooty to bring stranded son from Andhra Pradesh. India expands COVID19 strategy to test persons with influenzalike illness in hotspots. Noobs: [removed]. Compared to 16000 tests being done daily in India what should have been the number of tests being done: [removed]. IIM study predicts 1.5 lakh Covid19 cases by May first week as result of Tablighi event. No masks no sanitisers for community health workers. If agriculture not declared an essential service will India starve due to lock down: As most of us are aware that epidemic brings famine. Lock down seems to be extended till end of April. By that time real number of cases will be around 50000 so government will not dare to lift the lock down. The POLL is If farmers are not allowed to work in lock down period will India starve [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fya3b1. MBAs doing excel predictions. No masks no sanitisers for community health workers: [removed]. No masks no sanitisers for community health workers: [removed]. Relief camp shut no home to return to Delhis riot victims shelter with dogooders. LMAO THIS IS HILARIOUS.. Test not find not. Oh Ma Tujhe salaaaam. TTD and other temple guest houses in Andhra turned into quarantine centres. Guesthouses of the Tirumala temple and Srikalahasti and Kanipakam temples are being used to quarantine people awaiting their test results.. Latest news bulletin by TS government.. [ Goa Govt Questioned Over Use Of Ayurveda For Treatment] Indias Coronavirus Death Toll At 199 Maharashtra Locks Down 5 Prisons 8 Things To Know Today. Middleclass entitlement is hurting Indias fight against Covid19. Clothing makers in Asia give stark coronavirus warning. Coronavirus IPS Officer Sent On Leave After Mumbai Billionaires Kapil Dheeraj Wadhawan Violated COVID19 Lockdown. While the labour class has had to travel 400 kms on foot and facing police brutality the rich continue to enjoy VVIP treatment and visiting hill stations. slow clap. A topical joke: Today morning i was standing in our balcony Thought of doing some exercise so started with slow jumps The moment i started jumping my neighbour from the balcony next door also started jumping amp surprisingly asked When was this announced How did I miss it How many minutes do we have to jump via WhatsApp. Coronavirus Mother travels 1400 Km to bring back son stranded away from home. 4 lakh tap on EPFO Covid19 window:  The Employees Provident Fund Organisation has received 400000 requests for withdrawals under a special Covid19 window announced 13 days ago to provide relief to subscribers in financial need. The facility allows such subscribers to withdraw three months salary or 75 of their retirement funds.. First lynching over coronavirus Delhi man killed over Jamaat link. Whom should i Donate to for helping with Coronavirus: Hey i am 17 and i am willing to donate around 5000 from what i earn. But i have no idea where should i Donate. PM CARES seems like the worst option till now do you guys know any better place to donate to I had plans on buying food for the poor around my area but they have been well fed and some are straight up ungrateful and demand more.. Madhya Pradeshs COVID crisis no health minister police and health officials test positive. New slogan of azadi gang. Delhi hospital in dock for not following COVID19 protocol: for not following COVID19 protocol in handling the virus infection cases and handing over the body of a positive patient leading to halfadozen staff getting infected. gtThe hospital authorities handed over the body to relatives of Khila Ram without informing the local authorities and violating the guidelines on the dead body management for COVID19 patients issued by government. A detailed inquiry in this regard was conducted by District Magistrate West gtThe family members of Khila Ram also did not inform anyone regarding the COVID19 positive status of the deceased and it resulted in several persons attending the cremation. gtIf found guilty the officials could face a jail term up to two years. According to Section 51b of Disaster Management Act gtSix employees of the hospital were later found COVID19 positive. gtLater a patient admitted in the same ward where Sheela Rani was admitted was also detected with COVID19 infection who breathed his last on April 4. gtLater Khila Rams son Sachin was also found to be infected by COVID19. https//www.deccanherald.com/amp/national/northandcentral/delhihospitalindockfornotfollowingcovid19protocol823517.html. After HCQ countries begin to call India for the humble pain and fever tablet paracetamol. Drug sent to US unavailable for BMC doctors Mumbai News. Telangana Woman Rides 1400 km On Scooty To Bring Back Son Stranded In Andhra Pradesh. Vaccination against Coronavirus how effective will it be against Coronavirus. Opened google news and this came up on the top. I mean come on guys. Are you even trying to print actual news anymore 2 articles contradicting the hell out of each other.. Coronavirus Pooled testing planned in zerocase districts to get the real picture. Covid an excuse to push Indian Muslims out of informal sector jobs. Apartheid the next step What Muslims are effectively facing now is a new form of concerted deliberate economic marginalisation through blatant lies linking the community to the virus. Coronavirus Centre concerned over polarisation on religious lines. Coronavirus Indian Doctor who warned prime minister about PPE dies with COVID19 UK News. What Is Bhilwara Model And How It Can Be A Template For COVID19 Hotspots Across India. 2 Safdarjung Hospital doctors assaulted by man for spreading Covid19. For the people in need of job because of Coronavirus.. Coronavirus India makes face masks mandatory for more than 300m people punishable by up to six months in prison The Independent. I am suspecting it will be stretched. Tool to automate finding Big Basket Slot in this Covid season: [removed]. Kerala to start clinical trial of plasma therapy for COVID19 treatment. Online resources available: Hi Folks I am currently in USA and safe my family is Punjab India. We have a lot of online resources to get information and buy things from 1 Grocery Alcohol Medication Alcohol etc. LOL Does India have any such resources available where one can buy masks and/or sanitizer from Specifically around Punjab TIA. Jaipur Police sarcasm is on fleek. COVID19 impact Gurugram unit of U.S.based firm sacks employees without assigning reason. 6 best Tips for Tech Startups amid COVID19 Outbreak. DIY face mask for coronavirus quick and easy 30sec . Indias leaders have panicked. Now the millions who power the country are suffering The Guardian. We have a problem with a narrative thats trending right now to do and become something extraordinary. Its a pandemic and not a productivity contest. Lets allow everyone to feel what they are feeling. Lets be kind and send an ecard to someone who needs to hear this right now.. Prime Time With Ravish Kumar April 09 2020 Are All COVID19 Warriors Treated Alike. Another fake news related to jamaat by zee news. The toilet stopped working and I pooped in my pants What to do Should I call the police What are government guidelines for dealing with this under lock down: [removed]. Brilliant cartoon from BBC Hindi on Some cities have made it mandatory to wear masks.. IIT Guwahati Student Venture Raising Funds for Cheap Intubation Boxes: [removed]. Maharashtra Hollow Promises of Food grains. Order placed for 1.7 crore PPE and 49000 ventilators. What even is this mentality against our medical fraternity Its just sad to see the people who save our lives are being given a tough time for LITERALLY doing their job.. Coronavirus Update COVID19 Updates SARSCOV2 Live News ltSave n Share linkgt. Coronavirus ICMR study points to community transmission. How to sanitize your home naturally The Centers for Disease Control recommends we all take steps to clean and sanitize hightouch surfaces in our homes. How exactly are we supposed to santize our homes themoodernvedic covid socialsteeze socialdistancing isolation sanitizer staysafe. COVID19 Viswanathan Anand to play online chess to raise funds. Letter from the Centre stating that Centre will procure PPEs and then distribute to the States.. Need to gradually lift lockdown have unconventional exit strategy Dr Devi Shetty India News Times of India. How empathy instead of hate helped south states trace Jamaat attendees. a Telegram bot for covid19india.org Access COVID19 stats for India within Telegram itself: [removed]. How Indias railways are joining the fight against COVID19. A doctor in the US advice about Coronavirus.. The infographics in Hindi Three zones of Time of Corona. Fear in white Lessons in black and Development in Grey. The infliction of above three zone are spreading fear free from fear and leave in the presence. To avoid hoarding of essential items. Accept the situation and win the fear.. Bhopal and Indore turn into Covid hotspots as new MP government struggles. 0 to 12000/day How India scaled up PPE production India News Times of India. Refrain from religious profiling of COVID19 cases WHO in context of Tabligh. Actual number of COVID19 positive cases at least four times the reported count Kiran MazumdarShaw. Chennai family is using Lego to bond and spread awareness on coronavirus. ZEEJindal Sting Operation Naveen Jindal unveils ZEE News blackmailing. Coronavirus India Govt exempts customs duty on ventilators testing kits. Indias Shocking Lockdown Reality 92000 Calls of Child Abuse in 11 Days. Question for the AYUSH doctors of reddit. Help me out if you know anything about this...: [removed]. Donations pour in but Indias PM CARES coronavirus fund faces criticism. Why the Gujarat Model of Development Has Seen the Highest COVID19 Fatality Rate. COVID19 Statewise Testing Status Cumulative. Kerala Govt Running 65 of Shelter Camps for Migrants After Lockdown Centre to SC. This 3D model demonstrates to what extent a single cough in an indoor environment can spread an aerosol cloud carrying coronavirus and other airborne diseases.. Precious People Died From COVID19. India receives 1.7 lakh PPEs donated by China. Preparing for a postCovid world China and India settle old scores and team up. Why the world is hungry for a drug made in India. CORONA Live update: [removed]. India Russia decide to cooperate with each other to deal with coronavirus pandemic. Covid19 had us all fooled but now we might have finally found its secret.. Disinfectant tunnel installed in Noida. Wuhan coronavirus 30 countries have requested India to lift the ban on the export for a medicine that could potentially help in curing coronavirus patients. Can India export key medicines to the world right now while ensuring there is enough for Indians. Coronavirus Testing Strategy Revised In India Ambit Widened. Why are softdrinks essential products when it causes comparable damage as cigarettes and alcohol: Sugar in soft drinks is a major cause of obesity. Much like controlled substances sugar addiction comes from the dopamine rush. There are documented extreme behavioral changes mental issues due to sugar addiction. Sugar rush is a myth. It makes you feel good but actually decreases overall productivity. Started noticing my family chugging them and gaining weight like crazy in just two weeks. My original question stands how is Coke allowed to take our water produce crap and pollute the environment with plastics right now when our own nonIT businesses are mostly shutdown.. One of the best explanations of what Corona Virus and Why India Will Win the Corona Battle. Must Watch coronavirus Indiaagainstcovid lockdown social distancing COVID 19. Operation SHIELD In Delhi To Tackle Coronavirus Says Arvind Kejriwal. Any online or retail store in Mumbai bandra east that is delivering essentials such as groceries vegetables etc: A friend of mine moved to mumbai alone in bandra east a month back. The sudden lockdown is making it difficult to get basic things more so due to being new in the city. Big basket big bazaar has no open delivery slots for the past 15 days. Does anyone know of local stores near that area or any other online stores that can provide home delivery Any help will be highly appreciated.. Coronavirus Testing Strategy Revised In India Ambit Widened. Needed greater decentralisation of power Even as States have taken up positions of leadership in the pandemic response federal limitations are becoming hurdles. Nizamuddin dargah Tablighi Jamaat chief traced to Delhis Zakir Nagar residence Delhi News Times of India. Does 99Year Old BCG Vaccine Really Defend from COVID19. Himalayas visible for first time in 30 years as pollution levels in India drops Some residents in northern India say they can see the snowcapped Himalayas 200 kilometres 125 miles away. [crossposted from several other subreddits]. ICMR will now check for community transmission more broadly by testing anyone suffering from Influenzalike illness in COVID19 hotspots. India may have to sell itself out of this crisis says Rajiv Bajaj. India Could Be on the Brink of a Coronavirus Catastrophe and Modi Will Be to Blame. Coronavirus in India Govt sanctions Rs 15000 crore towards Covid19 emergency response. Kerala Awaiting Drug Controllers Nod For COVID19 Plasma Therapy. Odisha first Indian state to extend Covid19 lockdown till April 30. Coronavirus situation in India. Where can I find actual COVID19 test numbers in india: I have been following some COVID19 trackers during the lockdown and none of them has an option to monitor the total number of tests that took place in India. Is this information not available if yes where can I find it. Woman donates all her savings to PM CARES Fund. Palwal Three arrested for beating up Dalit family for allegedly ignoring PM Modis lightsout call. Doordarshan highestwatched channel in India during week ended Apr 3 BARC. Lockdown has created Indias image as a safe tourist destination Tourism Minister Prahlad Patel. Coronavirus Private labs must test for free says Supreme Court. Man commits suicide as he missed wife in lockdown. 84 persons out of the 96 persons who tested positive for COVID19 today are from single source eventdelhi 763 cases out of the total 834 cases in the state are from single source event Beela Rajesh Tamil Nadu Health Secretary. Rs.15000Cr funds sanctioned for COVID19 response and health preparedness. Centre To Provide COVID19 Emergency Fund To Be Released In 3 Phases. No need to panic over availability of PPE Health ministry. coronavirus in india total cases. India Fears of coronavirus outbreak in Assams detention centres. The first documentary movie on CCP virus Tracking Down the Origin of the Wuhan Coronavirus. 10 Madhya Pradesh policemen contracted coronavirus from Jamaat men IG. INDIA COVID19 TRACKER A CROWD SOURCED INITIATIVE. Delhi seals 20 coronavirus hotspots with immediate effect. I have a feeling that just like Kerala rest of India will flatten the curve at around 10000 cases because well never test community spreading cases at all.: I have a feeling that just like Kerala rest of India will flatten the curve at around 10000 cases because well never test community spreading at all. According to ICMR our current testing strategy is All symptomatic individuals who have undertaken international travel in the last 14 days All symptomatic contacts of laboratory confirmed cases. All symptomatic health care workers. All hospitalized patients with Severe Acute Respiratory Illness fever AND cough and/or shortness of breath. Asymptomatic direct and highrisk contacts of a confirmed case should be tested once between day 5 and day 14 of coming in his/her contact. Its crystal clear that weve a very restrictive testing criteria that only tests NRIs foreigners and people whore in direct with these people including medical staffs. We are completely masking the community transmission of corona virus since people who were directly in contact with those people might have come in contact with hundreds of other people. An example of this would be recent Nizamuddin Dargah and Shradhdha ceremony incidents where government only quarantined only those people who were directly involved in the events but those who attended these event might have further spread the virus to several other people Several thousands or way more to be specific. One of the attendee of Jamat was a grocery shopkeeper in my uncles town he was recently taken into custody. So he alone might have come in contact with thousands of people before he was taken into custody. Also last week 2 people died from corona virus in Dharavi slum where millions of people are jampacked in a tiny area they use the same watertaps and toilets apparently the government only tested 70 people in that slum and 15 tested positive. Which is nowhere near the actual numbers those 15 people might have come in contact with several hundreds or thousands of people in their own slum. If this goes on I believe well completely ignore the community transmission and the fact that asymptomatic carries of corona virus are the biggest cause of cases increasing exponentially in developed countries. I dont think Kerala flattening the curve is something to be happy about yet.. Pakistan aiming to score narrow political goals by seeking Covid19 initiatives under SAARC Govt sources. This disease is showing us who the real parasites are in this country: [removed]. Right Time For Cryptocurrencies During Coronavirus Pandemic. Muslim men help carry Hindu womans bier in MPs Indore after relatives fail to attend funeral due to lockdown Firstpost. Maharashtra cabinet mulls complete shutdown in certain areas. Aarogya Setu is an important step in our fight against COVID19. By leveraging technology it provides important information. As more and more people use it its effectiveness will increase. I urge you all to download it.. Kerala gets ICMR nod to use plasma therapy for COVID19 Awaiting Drug Controllers Nod: [Report Link TOI]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/keralatolookatplasmafromrecoveredcovid19patientstotreatsick/articleshow/75040565.cms [Report Link NDTV]https//www.ndtv.com/keralanews/coronaviruskeralaawaitingdrugcontrollersnodforcovid19plasmatherapy2208892. Doctor Who Treated Slum Dwellers Dies From Coronavirus In Indore. some people..... RSS says Tablighi Jamaat conduct not reflection on all Muslims theyre aiding govt in fight. Lockdown may have to be extended PM Narendra Modi to opposition. India Reports 549 New Cases and 17 Fatalities in Last 24 Hours Death Toll Rises to 166. Clerical error led to release of COVID19 patient in Villupuram. Guys please stop using the old slogan and start using this new one.. https//twitter.com/thakurshivangi/status/1247494065056133122s19. Okay so I saw this on Youtube media spreading fake information is not right in current situation they should be more responsible.. Covid19 Dalit family in Haryana attacked for allegedly not following PMs call to turn off lights. Lockdown dry spell. KhidmateKhalq Young Volunteers Team Up to Help Those in Need. A man was lynched to death for suspicion of spreading Covid19. The media is silent on his lynching.: [removed]. Bhopal Doctor Lives In Car To Protect Family From COVID19. Two Tablighi men booked for misbehaviour. Heres how we can speed up COVID19 testing in India.: [removed]. Outside Chennai Trade Center during Lockdown. Indian Doctors on Corona Zoom Video Conferencing: [removed]. PPE Kits Shortage: [removed]. Odisha to extend lockdown till April 30 schools to remain closed till June 17 CM Naveen Patnaik. Odisha in lockdown till Apr 30 schools shut till June 17. 10 COVID19 drugs under clinical trial in U.S. Trump. Man assaults two women doctors in Hauz Khas market for spreading coronavirus. Stats of Confirmed Cases In Andhra Pradesh: [removed]. [OC] Coronavirus Update All. Odisha extends lockdown till April 30. Staying healthy and in shape while quarantined is totally doable by just working out daily and maintaining a balanced diet. STAY HOME STAY SAFE. Not Worried SpeciallyAbled Man Volunteers for COVID19 Trial. Man lynched in Delhi on suspicion of conspiracy to spread COVID19. Covid an excuse to push Indian Muslims out of informal sector jobs. Apartheid the next step. Telangana man ties masks on his goats after tiger tests coronavirus positive at New Yorks Bronx Zoo. Indian states are making it compulsory to wear facemasks in public now.. Mumbai Two more city hospitals shut Bhatia hospital Hinduja in Khar. Current situation in India Small message from our side Do watch guys . [ LIVE] CORONAVIRUS UPDATE INDIA COVID19 Today 6 April 2020 REALTIME COUNTER INDIA MAP YouTube. Indian Railways converts 375 coaches to isolation wards daily 40000 beds ready. Daughter unable to meet her Mother who is a Nurse Belgaum. Daughter unable to meet her Mother who works as a Nurse Belgaum. Attacks on Muslims in the Name of COVID19 Surge Across India. Indias corona curve steeper than Asian peers even as trajectory dips slightly. Surveillance drone in my redzone. First installment of relief package to 20 crore women Jan Dhan account holders released. Coronavirus Outbreak LIVE Updates Odisha becomes first state to announce extension of lockdown till 30 April. CDC report gives Covid19 an R0 of 5.7 Every person infected will infect an average of 5.7 more people. This makes it one of the most infectious diseases on the planet.. Coronavirus An ode to Indias prequarantine lives. Odisha to extends lockdown till April 39: [deleted]. A lockdown requires a command an opening will require confidence. Do you think India should utilize this lock down to promote a cleaner India : With almost the entire population being locked down in their houses and pollution levels dropping by commendable percentage and lesser people polluting the roads and streets do you think India should append new laws against public spitting and littering Also utilize this time to clean and actually put Swachh Bharat initiative into action so that when the covid19 pandemic get over we can return to live a life in a better and cleaner India making hygiene a priority in our beautiful country. Just a random thought. I believe we would never get a better chance at making people realize hygiene is important and making our country cleaner and beautiful than ever. [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fxntu6. A lockdown requires a command an opening will require confidence: [deleted]. Around 400 mn Indians can slip deeper into poverty due to Covid19 ILO. Coronavirus Odisha Extends COVID19 Lockdown Till April 30 Schools Shut Till June 17. Lucknow police is asking milkmen not to deliver milk to muslim households: The state government increased strictness in Lucknow from 8th midnight. Today the person who delivers milk to my house told that the police asked him not to deliver to muslim households.. The Resident Doctors Association at AIIMS Bhopal has written a letter to the Director of the institute regarding abusive behaviour and physical assault by policemen on resident onduty doctors.. Coronavirus 10 policemen in Bhopal got infection from Tablighi Jamaat members says senior officer. Chirping is getting louder everyday: [deleted]. Seen as jobstealers robots may emerge as heroes in war against Covid19 Business Standard News: [deleted]. Mumbai No new admissions at Breach Candy after nurse technician test positive 93 staffers including doctors nurses and technicians will be tested.. Coronavirus Brazil President References Ramayana While Urging India To Release Drug. Can India Organize PostCOVID19 Global Action. PM hints at lockdown extension says situation like social emergency. From Ground Zero Tested in hospitals they died hours later At the states Ground Zero in Mumbai where over 10000 tests have been done so far Indian Express tracked the final days of four patients from Andheri to Mumbra who shuttled from one hospital to another desperately seeking answers.. How Tablighi Jamaat event became Indias worst coronavirus vector. Tablighi Jamaat leader Maulana Saad Kandhalvi traced Report. Fight against stupidity: Yesterday someone I know shared a video on Facebook. In the video a person clam that there is a vaccine in India that was developed 1015 years ago is sure cure for Covid19. And that is video is further shared by few other people. In the video that person mentioned the name of the vaccine. I mean thousands of people have died our own country is in lockdown and a you care about is a few likes/views on your youtube channel. How can someone be so selfish or dumb if he believes that the vaccine exist. And the people who are sharing such content how can they be so dumb. I mean youre sharing it on Facebook so you know how to use basic internet. Why cant you first Google then share. PS if someone is free these days please create a vaccine for. Stupidity.. Why India cannot afford to lift its lockdown. Hi friends. As COVID19 sweeps the globe so is the misinformation about what has caused it or how its spread. One such theory is 5G spreads coronavirus which is dangerous. Ive made this video debunking the claims with logical reasoning and science. Do watch it and let me know your thoughts. As bad as the situation some people seemingly just want the government to fail..: [deleted]. Tablighi Jamaat faces criticism in Pakistan for COVID19 spread. IIM study predicts 1.5 lakh Covid19 cases by May first week as result of Tablighi event. Falling prices transport woes force farmers to dump their vegetables. Delhi govt makes wearing masks compulsory for people stepping outdoors. 1300 km to home Tamil Nadu migrant workers walk hitchhike from Maharashtra in lockdown. No community transmission in India yet says WHO regional head.  . The Story of the COVID19 Outbreak in India and some states till now [OC] [Animation]. Ravish Kumar Is India Equipped To Safeguard Its Medical Professionals Against COVID19. India lifts ban on HCQ and paracetamol. Canadian stuck in India hospital. Pure hell. Dirty. Feces.. Is the curve getting flat . Virus infection curve flattens in Kerala as fewer cases crop up. Talking about mental health and Indian parents for a minute.. Is this really found in utar pradesh mosque recently...just to verify. List of Large Hindu Gatherings AFTER Tablighi Jamaat Incident.: I am a agnostic. I respect ALL religions and I believe they all have good and pure intentions at their core. I fully condemn the tablighi Incident however i do not subscribe to the hatred spewed against ALL Indian Muslims based on that incident. I welcome criminal proceedings against the organizers of tablighi Jamaat who flouted the law but please do not hold ALL Muslims responsible for the actions of a select few. Also i think these religious gatherings are not limited only to a single community All religious gatherings need to be highlighted by the media if at least to educate the locals and to put pressure on local governments into taking precautionary measures and containment measure to stop the spread of Corona virus. LIST OF HINDU GATHERINGS POST TABLIGHI JAMAAT CONGREGATION [https//twitter.com/tequieremos/status/1245411637382852608]https//twitter.com/tequieremos/status/1245411637382852608 pulled from a tweet ...so did not individually check the numbers . Corona Crossword Dainik Bhaskar Attempts to Communalise COVID19 Pandemic. Himalayas visible for the first time in 30 years due to pollution drop. Look at the amazing view. [LIVE] Coronavirus Pandemic India Real Time Counter News Update Cases Deaths. Coronavirus Update Total Covid19 Cases In India At 5274 Death Toll At 149. Trump thanks India on HCQ decision says will not be forgotten. Coronavirus India Lockdown Likely To Be Extended PM Modi Suggests At AllParty Meeting. Coronavirus Hotspots in Mumbai Containment Zone in Mumbai. The Story of the COVID19 Outbreak in India and some states till now [OC] [Animation]. Yuval Noah Harari Irresponsible politicians undermined public trust in science [Relevant to Indian context as well]. People gone bonkers. Govt of India has approved centrally funded India COVID19 Emergency ResponseampHealth System Preparedness Package with objective of strengthening nationalampstate health systems to be implemented in 3 phases from Jan 2020March 2024National Health Mission DirectorVandana Gurnani. World health day tweet by Kerala CM. India is worse than Brazil in preparedness of Covid 19. Amid coronavirus outbreak 15 monkey deaths create alarm in UP India News Times of India. Since our cases have been pretty stuck is it a good sign that we will come out of the pandemic soon: It also looks like the main problems we shall face will be on economic religious grounds. The numbers everywhere else are alarming. But we do not have so many deaths or hospitalizations in India yet. It has been a long time for them to hide huge numbers. This basically just means that we are not that badly affected. And a mild lockdown extension or not can atleast solve the pandemic problem.. LPT you can use aftershave instead of hand sanitizer.: Soap water works best no doubt but having access to running water when youre outside could be a challenge. And you have to step out to get essentials or even delivery someday. The hang Sanitizer market has recovered somewhat and you can get one from time to time in chain pharmacies. But if you dont have and worried about going to market then carry your aftershave with you. Now there are three caveats 1. Your aftershave needs to contain alcohol. How to know If it burns your skin like how magma post shaving it has alcohol. Most commerical aftershaves have over 60 alocohol easily. But do read the label. Lotions will not work. 2. You hands gonna smell really strongly for a few hours. Reconsider this if you have to eat or pick up veggies immediately. Unless after returning home you wash it with soap and water. 3. Cost. Aftershaves are far costlier than most hand sanitizers. But then again this if an one of scenario.. cant hurt.. some good news which we all need badly.. Indians look to Taiwan amid Chinas coronavirus missteps. About the COVID19 projected layoffs in the IT Sector.: [deleted]. List of coronavirus hotspots in Delhi. Alarmist numbers based on dodgy assumptions shouldnt be used to prolong lockdown in its present form. Heres a List of COVID19 Hotspots to Be Sealed in Noida Lucknow: [deleted]. Hi there please fill this form. The guys at covid19india.org need your help in collecting data for assessing the awareness of COVID19 among the general public.. Were in a fight against this virus. We dont have time for double talk. We need straight talk. StopTheSpread Coronavirus Covid19 Indianunity toghtime for india standwithnation thetraveluncle thetravelunclesociaal PMOfIndia WorldHealthOrganization. Rahul Kanwal making up news to save modis ass and friendship. Covid 19 safety map for Indians. Accuracy is somewhat good.. Breaking News Pm Narendra Modi To Extend Lockdown Due To Amid CoronaVirus Outbreak.. Coronavirus Heres how to make your own face mask even if you dont know how to sew.. China donates Fake Thermometers to gullible western countries. Hotspot Are you living in a hotspot India News Times of India. INDIAN lofi hip hop / INDIAN chill chill beats to quarantine to . Mumbai Police shot a video of their officers and constables asking them what they would have done if they could stay home for 21 days.. Arnab Goswamy has allegedly addresed COVID19 as the China Virus. Huge Setback 50 Who Attended Tablighi Jamaat From Maharashtra Untraceable Govt Warns Them. Salary cuts during Covid19: Does anyone here has any information about any government regulations imposed on private companies regarding salary cuts during Covid19 My company a small scale LLP just sent out an email stating all employees will get only 67 of their march salary. And are they obliged to pay remaining salary via installments later. Salary cuts during COID19: Does anyone here has any information about any government regulations imposed on private companies regarding salary cuts during Covid19 My company a small scale LLP just sent out an email stating all employees will get only 67 of their march salary. And are they obliged to pay remaining salary via installments later. Conduct Covid19 tests free of cost Supreme Court directs Centre. COVID19 tests must be free in government private labs Supreme Court. COVID19 Come for screening or face charges Assam tells elusive Tablighi attendees The Hindu. Assam government appeals to Tablighi Jamaat members to come forward or face action.: COVID19 Come for screening or face charges Assam tells elusive Tablighi attendees https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/covid19comeforscreeningorfacechargesassamtellselusivetablighiattendees/article31275294.ece. Why does India have such a high fatality rate in Covid19 cases: CountryTotal RecoveredTotal DeathsFatality Rate S. Korea67762002.86 Germany3608120965.4 Iran27039399312.8 Italy243921712741.25 India46816425.6 USA218151298837.3 The high fatality rate of Italy can be attributed to the high number of cases but in India the currently there arent many cases yet we have such a high fatality rate. Can anyone explain this [Sauce]https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/countries. IndiaStates Covid19 Cases APR8 Time elapse. Jaipur Indian places now. Coronavirus lockdown Govt. helpline receives 92000 calls on child abuse and violence in 11 days. News reporting in a Pandemic ft. Anrab Goswami . Trump changes course backs Indias position on hydroxy chloroquine.. Morphed newspaper clipping claims Tablighi Jamaats Maulana Saad donated Rs 1 crore to PM CARES fund Alt News. That dramatic day before lockdown: [removed]. About 400 million Indian workers can sink into poverty due to Covid19 UN Report. Help poor if you want to honour me PM on stand up for Modi campaign. Jo Hukum Mere Aaka. Covid19 Supreme court asks centre to test for free cases touches 5274. Supreme Court issued following interim directions to Centre Tests relating to COVID19 whether in approved govt laboratories or approved private labs shall be free of costthe Apex Court said and that Centre shall issue necessary directions in this regard immediately.. Indias dirty air has become cleaner after coronavirus lockdown. SC Directs Private Laboratories To Conduct COVID19 Test Free Of Cost. SC directs that COVID19 tests in approved govt labs or private labs be conducted free of cost. Hey guys With the reported police brutality since the lockdown. I wrote this blog piece. Lemme know your thoughts.. An amazing way to build trust and reassure customers. People away from home during lockdown: How are people staying away from home during lockdown dealing with the situation These people might/might not have the utensils or the equipments to make food. Also food delivery wasnt working for initial days. I hope it is available in your cities by now. On social media many of them are requesting for few days relaxation from lockdown so that they reach their hometowns. Whats your opinion Many people think that this is a wrong step and will lead to further increase in virus spread. But again this is easy to say when youre at your own home or a fully independent person.. UP complete lockdown will include essential stores or not: by essential I mean medial stores grocery store milk stores some people are buying bulk for the next coming days amp some are saying they are just stupid. I live in Ghaziabad amp I dont know what should I do. Telangana doc booked for hiding that he attended Tablighi Jamaat preparatory meet. Coronavirus Mumbai becomes first city in India to make face masks compulsory in public. How do you think this pandemic will change our education system: As children dont follow social distancing. Classes are being made available online.. One of my friends. KCRs gift for frontline warriors. What is turning Dharavi into a Covid nightmare of such magnitude. This is the Bhilwara model Modi govt is looking to use across India to fight Covid19. 15 Districts of Uttar Pradesh to be sealed with immediate effect. But for how long: There are conflicting news reports as to the duration of the seal. ABP on one hand reports the seal to continue till April 30th. But NDTV says April 15th. Whats going on here https//news.abplive.com/videos/news/indiaupnoidalucknowghaziabadmeerutsealedtillapril301192964 https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirus15uttarpradeshdistrictsincludinglucknownoidatobefullysealed100percenthome2208233. India4All A Campaign To Feed The Hungry And The Homeless Affected By The Lockdown. For How Long Coronavirus Pandemic Lockdown Will Stay. Lockdown Government helpline receives 92000 calls on abuse and violence in 11 days. Maharashtra Home Minister Anil Deshmukh raises serious questions over Tablighi Markaz event in Delhi targets Union Home Ministry. Joint Health Sec update.: Till date total 402 people have been discharged total 5194 positive confirmed case have been reported. In last one day 773 positive cases were reported. Total 149 deaths have been reported and around 32 people have died yesterday Lav AggarwalJoint SecyHealth Ministry. ANIL DESHMUKH RAISES SERIOUS QUESTIONS OVER TABLIGHI MARKAZ EVENT IN DELHI TARGETS UNION HOME MINISTRY.  . Curfew in Punjab extended till 30 April. Punjab Govt. Extends curfew till 30th April. OONA Biswaroop Roy Chowdhury on Corona Virus Conspiracy. Shekhar Gupta mentioning bootis is damn funny. Dont stop watch fully for more fun. Coronavirus The race to stop the virus spread in Asias biggest slum. Hydroxychloroquine shortage in India as Modi govt allows supply to other nations Rajasthan forced to return stock. Brazil president compared indian medicine supply to his country as sanjeevni booti in his letter to modi seeking help over supplies of medical drug Hydroxychloroquine.. Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro writes to pm narendra modi seeking medical assistance from India in the fight against covid19.. BMC makes wearing of masks compulsory those not wearing a mask can be booked under Section 188 of IPC. BMC makes wearing of masks compulsory those not wearing a mask can be booked under Section 188 of IPC. BMC makes wearing of masks compulsory those not wearing a mask can be booked under Section 188 of IPC. This is very disappointing.: Ophthalmologists markaz visit causes anxiety https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/telangana/ophthalmologistsmarkazvisitcausesanxiety/article31258754.ece. This is very disappointing.: Ophthalmologists markaz visit causes anxiety https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/telangana/ophthalmologistsmarkazvisitcausesanxiety/article31258754.ece. Wearing Masks compulsory in Mumbai or get arrested under section 188 of IPC 48 OF 1860. PM Modi Lifting Coronavirus lockdown does not seem possible. Amartya Sen writes Overcoming a pandemic may look like fighting a war but the real need is far from that. Look what hatred has done Food also has a religion now. Please help me reach people who are helping people in need: [removed]. Aarogya Setu Major Surveillance No Safeguards In Modi Govt COVID Tracking App. Corona Testing at your Home with Metropolis labs at Mumbai Pune Nasik Aurangabad and Nagpur. Shivraj Singh Chouhan is doing it all alone from running a state to tackling Covid19. My friend posted this on whatsapp. Family attacked in Palwal for allegedly not adhering to PMs lightsout call. Muslim leaders call for social distancing on ShabeBaraat. Muslim man who claimed his pregnant wife was turned away by Rajasthan hospital now says he lied. Hand Hygiene. Brazilian President invokes Hanuman in letter asking Modi for COVID drugs.. Que in Dharavi Mumbai for free food despite of the lockdown. A time bomb that can explode.. In a country of 1.3 billion space isnt just scarce its taboo. Try squaring that with a pandemic. Old video from Pakistan falsely viral as Tablighi Jamaat member roaming naked in isolation ward. Dont touch them Muslims attacked in Karnataka over Covid19. 0 to 12000/day How India scaled up PPE production India News Times of India. Brazil has its own way. India agrees to release unproven corona drug. PM Modi reaches out to political parties over coronavirus response:  [https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/covid19latestpmmodireachesouttoleadersofpoliticalpartiesovercoronavirusresponse/storycvKnaCFiag29U7w1xuUEVK.html]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/covid19latestpmmodireachesouttoleadersofpoliticalpartiesovercoronavirusresponse/storycvKnaCFiag29U7w1xuUEVK.html. Andar Bahar. If meals are given Supreme Courts query. Impact of 21 Days Lockdown in India due to Corona. Explained The Bhilwara model of ruthless containment to stop the coronavirus. Violence Against Women At Home On The Rise Amidst Lockdown CNN News18. Handwashing helps stop COVID19. But in India water is scarce. Air India Pilot Quarantined Colony Residents Call Him a Hero. In a first India US pharma majors join hands to develop Covid19 vaccine. The collaboration between Serum Institute of India and Codagenix Inc announced Tuesday was lauded by US Department of State.. Threats are not okay.. People boycotting muslim vegetable vendors: [removed]. COVID19 surveillance ASHA workers allegedly attacked in Belagavi rural Bengaluru. Earlier similar incidents were reported from Bengaluru city and Mangaluru.. Why are patients fleeing Indias coronavirus isolation wards. Police Drones and Tracer Bullets. Hyderabad.. Please consider donating directly to the Doctors.. My brother is forced to go to work during lockdown: I apologize if there are any grammatical mistakes. So I am a high school student who lives in west bengal. My elder brother works for a paper press company . I dont want to name the company but it presses the qustion papers for West Bengal board. So lets get to the point. Last night around 1122 pm my brothers boss called him and told him that he has to go to work from tomorrow which is today for 4 days because of some production that is on hold for the lockdown. When my brother said he cannot go because he has a daughter and dont want to get her infected through him. His boss told him that he has to go to work otherwise he will lose his job. Boss said that he is going to send a car for himdont think my brother is on a high rank . But he wont be alone. Five of his co workers were also ordered to go to work. So the six of them will go in a car in which way the practice of social distancing is not happening. My brother with a fear in his heart went to work today at 830 am . The reason he decided to go to work is because he has EMIs of two phones pending and a debt from his friend to clearhis friend being generous told him to give back the money after this lockdown. I am asking u guys tell others about this because this is happening not only to my brother but to many other workers across India.. Tamil Nadu COVID19 stats: [removed]. New SIM amp Porting requests likely to go digital: [removed]. Something like this is what the medical community needs from the citizens. This will be a great token of appreciation for them. 28 quarantined by Jharkhand police for Tablighi Jamaat connection deny attending the event. My Corona song Lockdown. Jamaat members defecate in front of Narela quarantine centre room. Misbehaving with Dr. Sanjeevani because she is treating Corona patients: [removed]. Corona kal mein doctor sey badsaluki Indias 18 News .... Across India city corporations and police are tapping drone operators to better enforce the lockdown spray disinfectants identify clusters of people showing signs of sickness and for quick delivery of medicines and medical supplies. UP 15 monkey death amid covid 19 outbreak.. Jamaat members defecate in front of Narela quarantine centre room. That dramatic day before lock down: [removed]. Dont Want to Meddle With Govts Decisions on Migrant Workers SC: [removed]. Coronavirus outbreak has reached community transmission stage in Mumbai says BMC. India Will Soon Cure COVID19 Patients With Ayurvedic Treatment Minister. Aap chronology samajhiye Did Trump armtwist Modi on Hydroxychloroquine in fight against Covid19. Baba Guru ampamp Newsance ft. Manisha Pande Newslaundry. COVID19 Testing related questions to ICMR Delhi. COVID19 lockdown 50 PDS shops sealed in Bihar for illegal trade. SMS/Whatsapp message with COVID numbers in your District/State/India: [removed]. BillionToOne is unlocking 1 million COVID19 testing capacity per day in the US alone.: We have to use this in India too for the quarantine and lockdown to be effective. Proactive testing is very much needed and we need tests that scale to our population. AMA by the BillionToOne https//news.ycombinator.com/itemid22808208. Without Quarantine A COVID19 Patient Can Infect 400 Health Ministry. No new Covid19 case in 64 hours says Bihar minister. Doctors caution against celebration. I hope that very soon our PM will announce that he will be making tea because I aint getting any tea/ciggies due to this lockdown.. I hope our PM soon announces that he will be making tea because lockdown kee vajah se chai aur sutta nahi mil raha hai.. Can we just quarantine districts/cities etc with Covid19 military style secretly amp immediately and go back to work: I am tired of seeing people eat shitty ration food and the poor people struggling. People with money in their bank can comment and talk and tweet and do whatever they want to and tell the 800 million poor people in India whatever they want to now. In China they locked down Wuhan and other places with Covid19 and rest of the country went back to work.. Coronavirus India How People From Northeast Are Being Targeted. India Virus spikes cybercrime worlds tallest statue on sale. What is the Indian govt strategy to end Coronavirus: I have been reading about it for so many days but still so confused. Questions 1 A Are they trying to cure all infected people of Coronavirus so there is no more ill person or B they are trying to infect everyone at a slow rate so that no more person is left to infect 2 If the answer to 1 is A is it even possible considering its increasing day by day 3 If the answer to 1 is B why we introduced lockdown so soon. I think it would have made more sense to introduce lockdown when there were at least 25K patients all over India. Now we have to wait for more time to reach the peak which means more days of lockdown. 4 If the answer is not either A or B then C what is our current strategy D How it will end the Coronavirus E Does it require same level of lockdown throughout the country 5 Bonus Question How are people still getting infected if everyone is locked at home. Drug life. Indian H1B Visa Holders In US Face Layoffs As Coronavirus Topples Economy. ANI spreading another misinformation about Tabligh Jamat. ANINewsUP people who had come in contact with the positive case were quarantined as per laid procedure. There was no mention of Tabligh Jamat. You are misquoting and spreading fake news. Coronavirus Schools colleges may remain closed till May 15. ANI spreading fake news and Noida police fact checking it. Link in comments. ANI spreading fake news and Noida Police fact chrcking it.. What are some startups doing good work in the fight against Covid19: Hi r/india. Pretty much what the title says. Are there any startups or organisations that you know of that are working on the ground level trying to help alleviate the situation Looking to provide funding and support for people doing good work. Even if theyre working on a very small scale anything that theyre doing to help the situation would be nice to know. For example covid19india.org is helping track the actual number of cases in India.. Karnataka BJP MLA There is no harm in shooting the participants of the hidden Jamaat program. I made this but less people are using it can you suggest something to make it discoverable: [removed]. Share COVID19 awareness messages in multiple local languages. Economy About To Go From Slowdown To Tailspin Economist Abhijit Banerjee. AYUSH Minister Shripad Naik says India will soon cure COVID19 patients with Ayurvedic treatment. 200 people suspected corona in Noida slum DM said all will be quarantined as a precaution. India fights corona virus Love the light and sound shows here. Life of a drug. In Alappuzha floating supermarket brings essentials to the doorstep of lockdownaffected. Life of a drug. Surat couple issues apology for harassing woman doctor working with COVID19 patients. Area around Thackerays house sealed after tea seller tests positive. Aap chronology samajhiye Did Trump armtwist Modi on Hydroxychloroquine in fight against Covid19. Hyderabad.. Please contribute and spread the word All proceedings go to the Doctors directly.. India COVID 19 State Wise Data Live. Please contribute for the Doctors All proceedings will go to them not PM. National lockdown could have been avoided. JUST IN A 14 month toddler who tested positive of coronavirus infection in Gujarats Jamnagar died on Tuesday evening. A COVID19 patient can infect 406 people in 30 days if preventive measures not in place ICMR study India News Times of India. Can we maybe redirect all the antiModi sentiment where its needed and not show blind animosity : Ill be clear I havent been a big fan of Modis actions and a lot of what hes brought to our country in the name of change. Ive spoken against him numerous times in the past and Im sure Ill continue to do so in the future. However its important to differentiate protesting against someones actions as opposed to their self because it leads to situations like these. The governments response to the pandemic hasnt been the best Ill be the first to admit. However to be frank its way better than most countries and still shows a prerogative that hints towards timely decisions. Im aware issues like low test rates lack of equipment and such still plague the country and it definitely calls for decisive actions as soon as possible. The governments decision to hold the exercises on the previous Sundays has absolutely nothing to do with that. These do not reflect a cover up by the government over actual issues nor does it mean that these have been in any way detrimental to that effort. These social exercises are for mental health and for instilling a lacking sense of community in the time of quarantine. They are also completely voluntary no one is forcing anyone to participate. Absolutely speak up against the lack of action against and resources towards fighting the pandemic threat but hating on these social exercises and furthermore insulting the people who have participated in a safe manner in them is absolutely dumb. It shows a lack of insight as well as blind hatred where its unneeded.. Ayurvedas immunity boosting measures for self care during COVID 19 crisis Ministry of Ayush. Today Im very proud of my college. One surefire way of getting govt. to extend the lockdown.. India Is Full of Covidiots Meet Some of Them Right Here The Quint. Cash less Indians the new normal and survival Remonetisation could save millions of the poorest Indians possibly running out of money at lockdown end and after. Coronavirus in India This app warns if you come in contact with COVID19 positive person.: [removed]. Assalaam Alaikum This is Karachis control welcoming Air India.. Were proud of you. Telangana Government initiative to debunk fake news in social media. Donations for COVID: Hi What are good organizations to donate to for COVID Besides PMNRF and PM Cares any other that offer 100 tax exemptions. Prefer orgs that are big and transparent govt run funds which would be easy to work with for corporate donations.. QUICK Self Assessment Test and Tracker for COVID 19 made by friend Feedback would be most welcomed.. Maharashtra becomes first Indian state to have more than 1000 coronavirus confirmed cases. Meanwhile Kashmiris.... A poster for lockdown. Trump has warned of Retaliation if India rejects export of Hydroxychloroquine. India has bowed down to the USAs demands and have lifted the export ban on the key drug. If India miscalculates its own requirement before exporting a lot of Indian lives will be at stake.. Attacks on Muslims in the Name of COVID19 Surge Across India. In COVID19 hotspot Kurnool losses mount for onion farmers. Goes against federalism Pinarayi slams centres decision to suspend MPLAD funds. India has announced the least fiscal stimulus 1 but imposed the strictest policies to counter Covid19. Open Reply to post in r/indiannews: [removed]. Delhi air quality dips after Sunday night fireworks. Lockdown Etiquette. COVID19 Special Treatment in Bihar India Naam Batao aur Positive ka STAMP Lagao without Testing. This former telephone operator is taking care of 131 migrant workers in Kerala during lockdown. Bajrang Dal worker arrested in Munger for spreading misinformation on Coronavirus. covid19 in Hindi Japans Prime Minister declares state of emergency lat.... Four arrested for shooting at mosque in Gurgaons Dhankot village. Kerala Expert Committees detailed plan recommends lockdown withdrawal in 3 phases. Apparently questioning the government about their disease management strategies makes you a Tablighi politician. Also Tablighi is supposed to be insulting. Not In Gods Hands.: [removed]. We are living in tough times indeed /. Private school deducting teacher salaries in Haryana. Is it allowed by law: The school where my spouse works as a primary teacher deducted all their teachers salary by 10 without any prior notification. Can they legally do it I read the shops and establishments act and it says private establishments can deduct the salary in case of absence. Now a couple points here The school/government had asked them to stay at home due to the pandemic. They are still working everyday teaching students via video calls and giving homework. They did not receive prior notification in any form even though they are in regular contact with the principal via WhatsApp. The school has still not given any reason as to why the salary was deducted and since they give out physical payslip there is no way to check the salary break up. Questions Is it legal for the school to do that Can my spouse do something about it. 6 hours after Trumps threat to take action on India India said will give essential medicines to some countries but will first see our needs. In Alappuzha floating supermarket brings essentials to the doorstep of lockdownaffected https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/kerala/floatingsupermarketbringsessentialstothedoorstepoflockdownaffected/article31264618.ece. Propagandists equate ISKCON in UK to Tablighi Jamaat in India after ISKCON devotees get infected by Coronavirus Heres why they are wrong. COVID19 recovery rate. Manipal students win MIT COVID19 hackathon challenge. Covid19 Govt may extend lockdown as multiple states and experts are requesting. Slope of the curve for coronavirus cases has increased significantly over the past week or so. We should be hitting our peak by April 8th tomorrow 2 weeks post lockdown after which it should start mellowing down a bit. Fingers crossed.. Coronovirus cases curve for India: Slope of the curve for coronavirus cases has increased significantly over the past week or so. We should be hitting our peak by April 8th tomorrow 2 weeks post lockdown after which it should start mellowing down a bit. Fingers crossed.. 33 COVID19 positive cases have been reported in Haryana today. Total Coronavirus positive cases in the state stand at 129 which includes 2 deaths and 17 discharged Health Department Haryana Govt. Should we make a petition to declare Maulana Saab and the attendees of Jamat who are now hiding as national terrorists: Disclaimer This isnt an attack on my Muslim brothers and sisters. I have Islamic friends who are also getting bullied because of this and I feel so so so sorry for the innocents dragged in this. This is just about the attendees of jammat who ha e hid. Lets look at this situation objectively. The sole purpose of calling people to jammat and then hiding there was so that the people who dont have the coronavirus will catch it. And once that was fulfilled the people were sent to hide in places of the country. They went as far as Andaman and Nicobar Islands which is the remotest location in the country and only way to reach is by ferry. Only people motivated with a specific intent will do something like this. Because think about it you do a bombing and you might take out 100200500 people. But if u do this you can take out hundreds thousands even millions if not contained. This was a PLANNED ATTACK. On our beautiful nation. I think that these people NEED to be declared as terrorists and their names and faces made public so that the people of the nation will stay wary of them.. Kerala Expert Committees detailed plan recommends lockdown withdrawal in 3 phases. [COVID] How does India have so many cases despite lockdown: Its been more than 14 days since the Janta Curfew and on Sunday we noticed the maximum spike in the detected cases which was exactly 14 days after 22nd. The incubation period of the disease is 214 days. How is it possible that the numbers are still rising despite the fact that everyone is still indoors. They are still not understanding what can happen next. Please share and educate the community. Covid 19 is not a festival . Kolkata police arrest 98 for bursting crackers during 9 pm9 minutes. Coronavirus in India Hunger is a real problem. Migrant Workers plight during Coronavirus Lockdown Will not interfere in government decision for few days CJI SA Bobde. Jamaat members defecate in front of Narela quarantine centre room. Indians do not have genetic protection against coronavirus published research incorrectly interpreted Alt News.  . To all the Muslims defending Tabhligi Jamaat or expressing outrage at media/people Demonizing Muslims An Open Letter: [removed]. Total confirmed cases vs. Total confirmed deaths from COVID19. Kolkata Corona Update Be infected with coronavirus lawyer curses judge after unfavourable verdict Kolkata News Times of India. Do You Know 43 Things That Coronavirus Can and Cannot Spread Through 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . 4 days ago we had pending orders of 100 million hydroxychloroquine tablets which had been placed by state run hospitals now suddenly we have enough of these tablets to suit the regimes agenda.: gt We are getting frantic calls from our pharma customers for their delayed cargo but we really cant help as there are lastminute cancellations said a freight company executive. Several staterun hospitals have placed orders for over 100 million hydroxychloroquine tablets which drug companies say are pending as outstanding orders. This drug is also used by patients suffering from lupus an autoimmune disease and is reported to be in shortage in pharmacies. [Covid19 Indian pharma companies want government to airlift APIs from China]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/healthcare/biotech/pharmaceuticals/drugcoswantgovttoairliftapisfromchina/articleshow/74956938.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst Now we according to RW spin master journalists we have enough. gt Samir Saran ORF Take a chill pill give Hydroxycloroquine they had paid for it amp we have enough. They are good people and partners US. In fact as they peak and we are still few weeks away we should do more they will have excess capacity to share when we peak. https//twitter.com/samirsaran/status/1247366011822596100 gt Aditya Raj Kaul That India has provided US with the much needed hydroxychloriquine speaks of how New Delhi respects friendship and doesnt bother about nasty jibes that dont go down well during a humanitarian crisis. Idea of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam The world is One family. Lesson for Trump. https//twitter.com/AdityaRajKaul/status/1247391121191227393 gt Rahul Kanwal A friend in need is a friend indeed. realDonaldTrump has asked India for help with hydroxy chloroquine supplies. If narendramodi Govt can help the US without impacting Indias own preparation we should. Can ramp up production of HCQ. Unlike China US has been a strategic ally. https//twitter.com/rahulkanwal/status/1247378421186953216 USA just threatened India with retaliation after we spent 100 crores for the Orange man. Kaka calls him his phrand showers him with praise I dont see any friendship with the Orange man. Mumbai 150 booked for attending Tablighi Jamaat event entering city after March 23 lockdown In a March 16 order the state government had instructed that all passengers arriving from Kuwait Oman Qatar UAE and USA after February 15 would have to undergo a mandatory 14day quarantine.. 4 days ago we had pending orders of 100 million hydroxychloroquine tablets which had been placed by state run hospitals now suddenly have enough of these tablets to suit the regimes agenda.: gt We are getting frantic calls from our pharma customers for their delayed cargo but we really cant help as there are lastminute cancellations said a freight company executive. Several staterun hospitals have placed orders for over 100 million hydroxychloroquine tablets which drug companies say are pending as outstanding orders. This drug is also used by patients suffering from lupus an autoimmune disease and is reported to be in shortage in pharmacies. [Covid19 Indian pharma companies want government to airlift APIs from China]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/healthcare/biotech/pharmaceuticals/drugcoswantgovttoairliftapisfromchina/articleshow/74956938.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst Now we according to RW spin master journalists we have enough. gt Samir Saran ORF Take a chill pill give Hydroxycloroquine they had paid for it amp we have enough. They are good people and partners US. In fact as they peak and we are still few weeks away we should do more they will have excess capacity to share when we peak. https//twitter.com/samirsaran/status/1247366011822596100 gt Aditya Raj Kaul That India has provided US with the much needed hydroxychloriquine speaks of how New Delhi respects friendship and doesnt bother about nasty jibes that dont go down well during a humanitarian crisis. Idea of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam The world is One family. Lesson for Trump. https//twitter.com/AdityaRajKaul/status/1247391121191227393 gt Rahul Kanwal A friend in need is a friend indeed. realDonaldTrump has asked India for help with hydroxy chloroquine supplies. If narendramodi Govt can help the US without impacting Indias own preparation we should. Can ramp up production of HCQ. Unlike China US has been a strategic ally. https//twitter.com/rahulkanwal/status/1247378421186953216 USA just threatened India with retaliation after we spent 100 crores for the Orange man. Kaka calls him his phrand showers him with praise I dont see any friendship with the Orange man.. A Mother amp Her Daughters Walk 475km to Their Home in Kanpur Amidst the Coronavirus Lockdown. No need to clap but dont shut our voices Doctors flag backlash for speaking out. What happens when you get the coronavirus patients could be dead IN.... Indias Corona Stats as per MOHFW. [OC] India Stats as per MOHFW Data.. Saharanpur Police says no truth in Tablighi Jamaat people demanding nonveg food in quarantine terms it fake news. Drone sightings during lockdown... TheKeralaPolice. No decision on extending lockdown as yet please dont speculate Union Health Ministry. Ladakh shows how to deal with coronavirus pandemic. Some Swedish Hospitals have Stopped Using Chloroquine to Treat Covid19 after Reports of Severe Side Effects. Doubts regarding spread of Covid19: Few days ago in my village a person tested positive for covid19. Health department quarantined him and his whole family the next day when the persons result came positive. They tested all the family members including children totaling above 10. The family is extended family. The result for all family members came negative and everyone is surprised. HOW IT IS POSSIBLE. Managing nicotine and alcohol addiction during the lockdown:  Cigarettes are too expensive. I need to quit smoking. How do I quit easily and effectively Is it true that alcohol withdrawal can be fatal Answers to these questions and more by addiction specialist Dr Divya Nallur tomorrow at 5 pm Smokers and drinkers attend and share ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/748uxlr6ddr41.jpgwidth1201ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps6762b524ddeb328c965b090a03594172ff021e41. It was all good until Governments official COVID19 Telegram Channel turned into suggesting AYUSHs natural home remedies to boost immunity. CJI SA Bobde asks why wages are required when meals are being provided by the govt.. [Audio] Siris curry game is very strong. Indian Civilians Need To Be Together During Coronavirus Pandemic. India releases hydroxychloroquine stocks amid pressure from Trump . Trump Threatens India over Export Ban on Drug Rejected as quack cure. COVID19 update Educational institutions in Meghalaya to stay shut until April 30. Three arrested for attacking policewoman on lockdown duty. News floating about Muslim individuals spitting on peoples gates and selling salivacovered fruits/vegetables with the express intent of transmitting COVID19.: [removed]. Hi guys. Please check out my youtube video and dont forget to like share and subscribe.. [OC] Lazily put together low qual meme.. Hey Guys Check out my video Please like share and subscribe It means a lot to me. RAJASTHAN Bhilwaras ruthless Coronavirus containment a model Centre wants every city to replicate. For how long can Indias healthcare workers battle coronavirus without essential supplies. 15th April ke baad. About 30 countries requested Indias help in fighting Chinese virus disease: https//youtu.be/keFNYV0NaxE. Nothing Wrong With People Bursting Firecrackers Bengal BJP Chief Dilip Ghosh. Kerala high court allows cat owner to buy pet food amid Covid19 lockdown. Quarantine Diaries: [removed]. 5 Ways To Make Money Online During Coronavirus Outbreak. Find nearest infection to you in km amp everything about COVID in one user friendly place: [removed]. India partially lifts ban on export of hydroxychloroquine to help US others fight Covid19 https//theprint.in/diplomacy/indiapartiallyliftsbanonexportofhydroxychloroquinehoursaftertrumpsthreat/396792/amp. Find nearest infection to you in km amp everything about covid in one user friendly place: A few days ago we launched IndiaSmile.org A onestop resource for the best things to do while stuck in quarantine amp staying updated. We have been overwhelmed with the response and feedback we received so a huge thanks to the Reddit community. A lot of you have messaged us with ideas on what we should do next amp some of you have joined our team as well to make things happen faster. The activity we have seen on our Telegram and WhatsApp groups has been heartwarming where the members have effectively built a crowdsourced repository of things to watch read and do at home. Our interactions with the community as well as with my own family members has given me the feeling that while people have been figuring out ways to keep themselves entertained what has become more crucial to them is the need to stay informed. So that everyone can stay informed and updated with verified stats and news we are launching [IndiaSmile Corona Around You]https//indiasmile.org/covid. This one page contains everything you need to follow the growth of this virus worldwide delivered in a superperformant intuitive UI and regularly updated. It contains National amp Local Covid Statistics Find the statistics of your state directly. Global Covid Statistics Compare how other countries are doing worldwide. National Testing Data Follow Indias testing capacity. As of the time of writing this post India has tested a very small of its population. See the graph to know how the government is dealing with this issue. Regular News related to Covid all from verified sources vetted by our team Distance to nearest covid case from your location Uses districtlevel data to find the nearest infected case from you and provides a distance. Charts to monitor amp compare date wise historical data Hover or click on charts to get more info. While designing this page we paid special attention to neat UI/UX and wanted to deliver information in an easy to consume manner so that every Indian even if they are not tech savvy can stay informed. We are open to feedback ideas amp thoughts on how to improve this so that this can become an even better resource for people to stay updated. IndiaSmile is 100 nonprofit and open source Stay Inside amp Stay Safe. Jai Hind. Three arrested for attacking policewoman on lockdown duty. Find nearest infection to you in km amp everything about covid in one user friendly place: [removed]. Ninemonth pregnant woman dies of COVID19. I spoke to him PM Modi Sunday morning amp I said we appreciate it that you are allowing our supply of Hydroxychloroquine to come out if he doesnt allow it to come out that would be okay but of course there may be retaliation why wouldnt there be US Pres Donald Trump. Very wisely. Shittt.... COVID19 One more tests positive in Assam total reaches 27. COVID19 Volunteer. Why were coronavirus testing kit approvals hidden from public view. Corona Negative Young man commits suicide due to Social boycott. Tollywood warned us but we never listened. Family Short Film Ft. Amitabh Bachchan Rajnikanth Ranbir Kapoor 436. Go corona dance. How long do you think this coronavirus disaster is going to continue in India estimating from the current scenario: I am curious to know how long it could all be. All the services exams etc. are being postponed with no end in sight. Really curious to know your opinion.. Keralabased business group announces salary hike for employees amid COVID19 lockdown. Stones Thrown At Karnataka Cops For Stopping Prayer Meet During Lockdown. First Indian bowler to take a hatrick in the first over of a Test Match in a Test in Pakistan a left arm Indian fast bowler no less in Pakistan against Pakistan has to face this online. Imagine what the ordinary Muslim faces everyday.. Government lifts ban on export of key APIs vitamins. Do You Know 42 In a first a tiger has tested positive for COVID19 in a zoo in New York 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Coronavirus Municipalities using Smart Cities command centres turn into war rooms. Muslims Spitting on Food Hiding in Mosques to Spread Coronavirus Beware of These 8 Fake News Stories. Inspired By South Korea WalkIn COVID19 Test Kiosks Built In Kerala. Guess the newspaper name. Coronavirus to help America reunite for boys in India speaks Trump. Medical workers being targeted for raising issues of protective gear says AIIMS RDA. For anyone needing to know about the number of tests performed each day check out here. The ICMR data which is released each day is updated to this repository.. Covid19 lockdown impact Unemployment rate rises to 23.4. Kamal Haasan Writes To Prime Minister Narendra Modi Criticizing The Way The Lockdown Was Implemented And He Does Bring Up A Few Valid Points: Many Indians didnt question the lockdown they questioned the timing of the announcement 24 March 800 pm could have well been 24 Match 800 am which means that people wouldve had 16 hours to get their essentials as opposed to four. Former actor and current politician Kamal Haasan wrote an open letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressing the same thing Read more. [https//in.askmen.com/lifestyle/1125843/article/kamalhaasanwritestoprimeministernarendramodicriticizingthewaythelockdownwasimplemented]https//in.askmen.com/lifestyle/1125843/article/kamalhaasanwritestoprimeministernarendramodicriticizingthewaythelockdownwasimplemented. Will coronavirus cause food shortages in India. Will coronavirus lockdown cause food shortages in India. Indian Discord Server: [https//discord.gg/Z2GYJ4Z]https//discord.gg/Z2GYJ4Z We have many Indian/Pakistanis in this server we are very nice people and we wish to make new Desi friends. We have many females in this server that are super kind and teach people about our beautiful culture. Thank you. Hope you enjoy the server. We speak Hindi Urdu Tamil etc. Come and hang out. Police deny ruckus by Tabligh men. Police refute Amar Ujala report about Tablighi Jamaat members misbehaving with medical staff. No ration cards no food supplies. Hunger stalks rural India. People gathering together for puja bhai koi mujhe maro inko bolne ke bad bhi sale samajhte nahi he inke dimag me social distancing jesa chiz bhi nahi he. Explained Sampling bias drove sensationalist reporting around Tablighi coronavirus cases. Italy is testing for antibodies to see which people are immune. India needs to do this so as to replace the essential workers before easing the lockdown.. Corona Virus Fight Song Gullyboybeat NITZ NARANG. Villager find out a Person that Group Spreading Corona virus. Insurers cannot decline death claim settlement in case of COVID19 Life Insurance Council. ICMR prepares plan to increase testing capacity to 100000 a day. Over 1000 Attend Tribal Procession In Rajasthan Amid Lockdown. Want to look at the biggest dick in the world....Here Mr trump after spending crores in feburary.He is threatning us. Trump warns India of retaliation if Hydroxychloroquine export stops hails brief relief.  . Trump talks of retaliation if India turns down antimalarial drug request world news. Trump Hints At Retaliation If India Doesnt Send Hydroxychloroquine: [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/donaldtrumphintsatretaliationifindiadoesntsendhydroxychloroquine2207314]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/donaldtrumphintsatretaliationifindiadoesntsendhydroxychloroquine2207314. Coronavirus Dont target doctors asking for protective equipment. Coronavirus amp Hydroxychloroquine India Cuts Off U.S. from Nearly Half of Its Supply. close to chaos. Trump talks of retaliation if India turns down antimalarial drug request. Donald Trump talks of retaliation if India turns down Covid drug request. Found this on the National Herald Website. Trump Warns Of Retaliation If India Doesnt Clear Key Drug Export. Coronavirus Islamic Sect Members Hiding In Assam To Be Charged With Culpable Homicide. Indias Power Grid Survived Diya Jalao but Only for Drastic Action Behind the Scenes. COVID19 Trump Warns Of Retaliation If India Doesnt Clear Key Drug Export. Bhenn Chode Why has India so many tech support scammers: Please explain this phenomenon.. This is the sort of careless mentality which will be our downfall. If you have a friend like this please educate them about being cautious. Not only to save them but save others as well.. Doing Their Bit The Extraordinary Men and Women of These Extraordinary Times. Donald Trump Hints At Retaliation If India Doesnt Send Hydroxychloroquine. How Can I Contribute in Times of COVID19: Write your testimony about the concequences from the time of Corona virus COVID19. Here is a great knowledge base about the effects of the Corona virus. Thank you for your story https//articledirectory.org/article/720/11/Covid19inCriticallyIllPatientsintheSeattleRegionE28094CaseSeries. Modi Govt unveils a containment plan for when lockdown ends amp the Bhilwara Model its based on. Coronavirus Cases Doubling Every 4 Days Set To Touch 17000 In A Week. COVID19 Muslims and Muslim volunteers heckled harassed in Karnataka. COVID19 Government Threatens Kashmir Doctors With Strict Action for Media Leaks. Indian astronauts training on hold in Russia due to COVID19 lockdown. Article The pandemic is a portal: Incredible writing Mostly heartbreaking but also inspiring. [https//www.ft.com/content/10d8f5e874eb11ea95fefcd274e920ca]https//www.ft.com/content/10d8f5e874eb11ea95fefcd274e920ca. COVID19 seems to be hitting smokers more severely scientists warn. India Plans Lockdown till June 3rd 2020: [removed]. Tracking COVID19 in India The BCG Hypothesis. India leaves behind local transmission phase moves into large outbreaks amenable to containment strategy. Muslim woman in Bangalore attacked by goons for distributing ration. Indias Power Grid Survived Diya Jalao but Only for Drastic Action Behind the Scenes. The science behind a pandemic lockdown [HINDI]. Rapid Test Kits. Glimpse Of Actual Reality: What do u guys think of [this]https//finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/least75000coronavirusinfections041207265.htmlguccounter1 study... It has been shared here by someone today. According to this we must have had min 75k positive cases on 24th March but as of todaywe have just 4800 cases.This studay hasnt even included the migration of workers or the jamaat incidence or the mujra happened on the day of junta curfew... I dont want to make you panic but the ball is not in our court.Plusjust look at whats happening in Bihar[link]https//mobile.twitter.com/itheindian/status/1247220508023648256. The science behind a pandemic lockdown [HINDI]. Stay at home Ft. Amitabh Rajinikanth Chiranjeevi Mammootty Mohanlal Ranbir and a lot more... Kerala HC Allows Plea Of Cat Owner Who Was Denied Pass To Buy Pet Food. Made by me... Boris Johnson moved to intensive care Although not an India related news but still lets hope he recovers soon. Video BJP leader fires shot at 9 pm event to send Coronavirus away. Boris Johnson in ICU.: [removed]. UP man shot dead at tea shop for allegedly blaming Tablighi Jamaat for coronavirus spread. Coronavirus Prime Minister Boris Johnson moved to intensive care after condition worsens Politics News. OC meme.... Sad Reality. Jamait UlamaIHind Moves SC Seeking Action Against Media For Communalizing Nizamuddin Markaz Issue. AIIMS RDA writes to PM Modi over targeting of doctors for raising genuine concerns related to Covid19 preparedness. Its so bad UP police is busting fake news by media [ Translation in comments]. How are you using your time these days: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fw3vrc. This is apparently how they are running tests in Bihar . Pathetic if true. Hopefully the Government takes some action.. Helping The Urban Slum Communities Of India Survive Through COVID19. Helping The Urban Slum Communities Of India Survive Through COVID19. Prime minister hints at calibrated exit from lockdown.. Another day another fake news. Nothing surprising from biased and unreliable media: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/ftbawkktp8r41.pngwidth1123ampformatpngampautowebpamps4415c6b1dba9ae5fc6b73fc8e2027daba9c86e60 These scums who call themselves media should be ashamed of themselves for reporting such fake news just to increase the everlasting tension between hindu muslims. God I hate Modia [https//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2020/apr/06/raipuraiimsdeniesspittingmisbehaviourbytablighijamaatpatient2126470.html]https//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2020/apr/06/raipuraiimsdeniesspittingmisbehaviourbytablighijamaatpatient2126470.html. Modi government unveils a containment plan for when lockdown ends amp the Bhilwara Model its based on. Fake WhatsApp Videos Behind Attack on Health Workers in Indore Report. Trains in India converted into Hospitals to combat COVID19. EVERYTHING is used to demonise Muslims in India. From our attire to our occupations to our food. Its not in our ability to fight majoritarian prejudice. Why am I as a Muslim asked to condemn Have you EVER been asked to condemn things happening in the name of Hindutva. Prepare 10 priority areas once lockdown ends work out business continuity plan PM Modi to central ministers India News Times of India. All about Aarogeya Setu app. Govt Releases COVID19 Containment Plan for Post Lockdown. Coronavirus Two UAEbased Indians in trouble over Islamophobic messages. Got productive in this quarantine and finished 2 songs might sooth you in case you are anxious in these tough times. 40 people 3 washrooms 5 bedrooms Quarantined woman shares harrowing experience at Dwarka facility: [deleted]. Good news from Bhilwara Rajasthan. Kerala sets up South Koreanstyle COVID19 testing kiosks. What after lockdown: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fw2cnl. Went out to get tire puncture fixed during an emergency. Got my RC taken away.: There was recently a stroke in my family and the patient is still recovering. We need our car to make it to the hospital in case of emergencies. I wake up today to see that a tire is punctured. No biggie Ill change it. Guess what The new tire also is leaking air. So before the tire completely deflated I take it to the nearby puncture shop. On the way there the police stops me. Asks me if a puncture is important in this corona time. Doesnt even bother listening to my reason. Says Im lying because what 19 year old follows rules. Tells me hes seen many kids like me. Then instead of just fining me he they actually makes me pull out the RC from my car gives me a fine doesnt tell me how much or what he is booking me on and tells me that I will get a call soon to go pay the fine. Also tells me that the education my parents have given me is useless. Im only posting this here to ask did I really screw up that bad that the police needed to FINE and CONFISCATE my RC Is this legal What do I do Just pay the fine and leave it. Nobel winner Abhijit Banerjee in Mamata Banerjees Covid19 policy team. New coronavirus testing kit gives results in just an hour. Kerala develops Indias fiest walkin kiosk for Coronavirus test.. PM CARES has over 10000 crores based on announced contributions which is 1300 million. An average imported Covid19 testing kit is 60. Using just 5 of PM CARES we can test 10.83 lakh people. Our current number is 70000. Why is Modi govt not testing enough people. Newyork Zoo Tiger infected with Coronavirus. Is this the beginning of another pandemic. Kerala Develops Indias First WalkIn Kiosk For Coronavirus Test COVID19 India. During the Ongoing Lockdown the Jamaate Islami Hind Maharashtra has provided ration kits amounting to 1 Cr 34 Lacs 76 Thousand 35 1 34 76035 to the needy between 22 31 March. Tweeted by official handle of JIHM JIHMaharashtra. hey we have started an initiative to help the daily wage workers families by providing them with daily essentials and for that we pledge you to donate any amount even if it is 10 Rs to help the families in need. Telangana students stuck in Maharashtra enjoy camp life during lockdown. Like South Korea will step up coronavirus testing in Delhi Kejriwal. Twoweek extension of lockdown in Mumbai Pune and wherever there are large number of COVID19 cases may be needed Maharashtra Health Minister Rajesh Tope tells NDTV.. This is what is required all over India at district level.. Medical workers being targeted for raising issues of protective gear says AIIMS RDA. Newfound Respect for our Executive Branch: While our doctors and healthcare professionals fight at the frontlines of COVID19 the administrative officers have stepped up to the challenge of handling the lockdown maintaining supply chains communications and making sure everyone is as comfortable as possible during this time. It may not be smooth or ideal but I have a newfound respect for the Babus who handle these times.. Anybody separated from your children during this global crisis: [removed]. Old video of a delivery man stealing slices from bread packets is viral as Thook Jehad. A Gist of Indian Innovation To Combat COVID19. Mumbai Man Claims Coronavirus As Centres Conspiracy Arrested. 12 staff members of Jaslok Hospital in Mumbai test COVID19 positive.Swab test results of 300 staff amp patients awaited.. Bollywood stars lighted lamps on PM Modis appeal These Bollywood star lit lamps and candles.. This is the Bhilwara model that Modi is looking at completely seal the border. We were very clear from the word go that this is not a time for niceties. People will be inconvenienced. Aggressive doortodoor screening disinfect every corner. Indias Covid19 testing figures show a mysterious recurring pattern. This week we will get lot of positive covid19 cases of doctors nurses and supporting staff from all over India : [removed]. Coronavirus lockdown How to use Google Maps to help someone find the nearest food and night shelter. Dont shun science Muslim leaders clerics to Tablighi Jamaat workers. Community transmission has begun in some areas AIIMS director on coronavirus spread in India. Not allowed to deboard 600 fishermen from Maharashtra say worse than being afflicted by corona. Government statements 11 days apart. Scared of catching corona infection son refuses to cremate mother Official. Uttarakhand Tablighis who are hiding to be tried for murder DGP. Tablighi Jamaat chief Maulana Saad CORONA COVID19 full Story Animation. Raipur AIIMS denies spitting misbehaviour by Tablighi Jamaat patient. Covid19 Gujarat Updates: [removed]. Telangana CM KCR announces extension of COVID19 lockdown till June 3. Mumbais Wockhardt Hospital declared containment zone after 26 medics contract Covid19. Did peole carrying essential groceries get beaten by police during the Corona Lockdown Or Did I imagine it My friend denies it completely.. Corona Warriors Cop on medical leave opens community kitchen in Lucknow. Embarrassed by attack on health workers in Indore Muslim organisation issues apology in newspaper. Uttar Pradesh Lockdown Wont Be Lifted If A Single Case Of COVID19 Is Left Says Official. India keeps its zoos national parks and wildlife sanctuaries on highest alert as a tiger in New York zoo tested Covid19 positive. Indian Doctors of Reddit has India ramped up its CodVid19 testing yet: [removed]. Risk of coronavirus from money.: I heard from a neighbour that some suspicious person tried to enter their home today on the pretext of some plumbing or electrical inspection or something like that. He wasnt allowed to enter and the door was shut on his face. Later when the neighbours opened the door a Rs 500 note was kept outside. They are thinking that the person was a madman like those Covid positive people who spit on others and he may have spitted on the note. Therefore everyone should be careful when handling money as someone may have intentionally or unintentionally spread the virus through that. I was quite shocked to hear of the above mentioned incident especially if someone is resorting to such tricks for spreading the virus.. Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao has announced that the CoronavirusLockdown shall continue in the state after April 14 till June 3.. Whats next. Ultimatum to Nizamuddin attendees Go to hospital by 6 AM Tuesday. Did the Public Miss the Point of PM Modis 9pm9Minutes Call. Outsourced supplies of PPEs begin landing in India. Govt is threatening and gagging Safdarjung Hospital Resident Doctors who are complaining about lack of PPE. Govt now ordered all doctors numbers to be given to police.. Lockdown should be lifted only after cases start dropping Experts. Opposition sent them BJP MLA distributes ration on birthday social distancing goes for a toss. RSS volunteers make masses aware of COVID19 in West Jaintia Hills. Area around CM Uddhav Thackerays residence Matoshree sealed after nearby situated tea stall owner tests positive. Outsourced supplies of PPEs begin landing in India. [ShowerThought] People in India may be calling each other on whatsapp more to avoid hearing the coronavirus caller tune and waiting.: People in India may be calling each other on whatsapp more to avoid hearing the coronavirus caller tune and waiting.. TikTok Videos Aimed At Misleading Indian Muslims Over Coronavirus Precautions. Muskurayega India. Next balcony task. PMCARES fund is plain fraud at a time of national crisis: PM CARES is such a cheap trick at a time of crisis. If the funds were donated to each hospital directly they would have already acquired PPE required to combat the virus. Instead the bastard Modi has collected thousands of crores from almost all major donors and none of the money is going to things that are actually required PPE increasing doc count health facilities etc. This one is the biggest Jhoomla of the jhoomlebaazis career so far I hope someone is brave enough to approach the Supreme court about this but seeing the way court has also been corrupted I dont think we stand any chance. SHAME ON YOU MODI YOU MASS MURDERER. Chances of government colleges opening after lockdown: Ive heard the national government say that they wont extend the lockdown but Ive also heard from other sources that it will be extended. What is likely to happen for college students. How long does it take for coronavirus COVID19 symptoms to develop: [removed]. Next balcony task by ModiJi. Lighting of torches/flashlights/candles/diyas was a call to Batman: If everyone was shining lights what else could it mean. There are 50 new COVID19 positive cases in Tamil Nadu today including 48 from Tablighi Jamaat Total positive cases in the state is 621 including 570 Tablighi Jamaat returnees Tamil Nadu Health Secretary Beela Rajesh. Chances of government colleges opening after the lockdown: Title. Tamil Nadu reports 50 COVID19 cases 48 were Jamaat meet returnees. Total number of cases 621. Tablighi Jamat Coronavirus Case Is An Example Of Criminal Negligence. Esper App Developed To Locate Essential Supplies. What is herd immunity In simple words.: Wikipedia and other web source seems difficult to understand for kids.. Lockdown may continue in coronavirus hotspots impact will be seen after April 14 AIIMS Director. Our mothers amp sisters gave their jewellery during wars in the past. The current situation is in no means less than a war. It is a war to save humanity. I appeal to every BJP worker to contribute to PMCARES Fund amp motivate 40 others for the same Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Aerial view of Mumbai under coronavirus lockdown. A city with over 20 million population has come to a halt.. Centre places restrictions on media in COVID press briefings shifts focus to Tablighi Jamaat. Covid19 Tablighi Jamaat attendees kept without testing at LNJP Hospital not given water soap medicines. Poke fun at taali thaali diya and mombatti all you want. Modi couldnt care less. Sources Pakistan tries to send COVID19 infected people across LoC Line of Control Coronavirus. This fake message is being viral in whatsapp.. Over 25500 Tablighi Jamaat members quarantined in country till now 5 Haryana villages sealed MHA. Every 6th COVID19 patient in India is from the Tablighi Jamat.: [removed]. PM Modi Says Indias Efforts Against Coronavirus Have Set an Example Among Other Countries. Indias corona cops use unconventional tactics to enforce lockdown amid coronavirus crises across the nation.. No Maps dont show satellite view after Pms 9 Pm call. Tiger tests positive for coronavirus at Bronx Zoo first known case in the world. Inspired by South Korea Kerala launches walkin Covid19 sample ....  I The Wire I Lockdown I Migrant Labour. Manav bano. Chutiyapa. All about Corona [covid19]. UP Three people arrested for trying to spread fake news on coronavirus. Karuna alias Coronavirus: [removed]. Can India help Trump with gamechanger corona drug. Kohli to Mary Kom Sportspersons donate to fight Coronavirus pandemic in India.  . The race to stop the virus spread in Asias biggest slum: On 23 March a 56yearold man living in a vast labyrinthine slum in the western Indian city of Mumbai went to see a doctor. He was feeling feverish and had a bad cough.. India right now . Sincere request to not hide any history of travel.. One lakh kits arriving from China to aid quick screening in Tamil Nadu: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Palaniswami on Monday said order has been placed for buying one lakh Rapid Test Kits from China and it will arrive on April 9 aiding [quick screening for coronavirus ]https//mybs.in/2YMNVKKin the State.. Watch How Rapidly Coronavirus COVID19 Is Spreading All Over the World Source World Health Organization WHO. PM Ministers MPs to get 30 pc less salary MPLAD funds suspended for 2 years. One Lakh Kits to Reach Tamil Nadu From China on Thursday to Aid Quick Screening CM Palaniswami News18. Message from covid19 recovered patients copied: Got the below message as whatsapp shared. After reading it made sense to me so reposting here. If it is untrue Ill delete it. The info not yet verified with any real patient who recovered. Information from patients recovering from the Hospital ... Every day we are there 1. Take Vit C1000 2. Vitamin E 3. 1000 1100 sunlight for 1520 minutes. 4. Egg one item 5. Take a rest / get a 78 hour min 6. Drink 1.5 L of water daily and every meal should be warm not cold. Thats what we do at the hospital. This is to tell all of us that the pH for the coronary virus varies from 5.5 to 8.5 What we need to do to defeat the coronary virus is to consume more alkaline foods above the viruss pH level. Some of them are Lemon 9.9 pH Lime 8.2 pH Avocados 15.6 pH Garlic 13.2 pH Mango 8.7pH Tangerine 8.5pH Pineapple 12.7 pH Dandelion 22.7 pH Orange 9.2 pH How did you know you had a coronavirus 1. Itching in the throat 2. Dry throat 3. Dry cough 4. High temperature 5. Shortness of breath 6. Loss of smell and taste So when you pay attention to these things quickly take warm water with lemon and drink. Do not keep this information to yourself. Give to all your family and friends. Be careful. Ordinance passed to cut salaries of MPs ministers by 30 to fund Covid19 battle Hindustan Times. My and the bois at 9pm 9 minutes. Ramayana Lesson to save us from Coronavirus. What an absolute madlad. Live Mumbai hospital shut as 26 nurses 3 docs test Covid19 Positive. Live Mumbai hospital shut as 26 nurses 3 docs test Covid19 positive http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/coronavirusindialivenewsupdatestotalnumberofcovidcasesinindiacountstatewisedeathtoll/articleshow/75000767.cms. COVID19 Website to be launched for volunteers with medical experience Himanta Biswa. Bjp leader from UP firing bullet during 9pm 9min event.. Here is which ward of Mumbai has how many COVID19 cases. Data till 05.04.2020 Source MCGM. Police Drones enforce Social Distancing in India. The only candles video we need right now. Amitabh Bachchan retweeted a fake satellite picture of India yesterday. And then Corona went away.... ODISHA TV NEWS CHANNEL AWARING ABOUT COVID19 WITH CSGO THEME SONG IN BACKGROUND. Assam residents will likely need permit to enter state post lockdown. EVEN COVID19 PANDEMIC CANT COOL EXTREMISM OF HINDUTVA FANATICS read more at www.awazekhalsa.com. Madhya Pradesh Man Who Threw A Feast For 1500 Tests Coronavirus. Open letter from Kamal Haasan to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Schematic Diagram of a mask for stitching: I dont exactly know what its called as but Ive seen these drawings in tailoring shops that show the exact dimensions of a blouse/patiala dress and stuff. Does anyone have or can create a similar diagram for a mask Most of our mothers are good at stitching if we give them the right resources and the diagram we can actually crowdsource the masks and hand them over to the local groups and they can further circulate it. What we need 1. The schematic diagram of the mask. 2. The materials needed to make it. My sister works as an MBBS intern and she says the masks are at acute shortage in hospitals and if they are not protected how can they protect others. Can someone please pitch in with details. Case filed against an unknown man who posted an OLX ad to sell Statue of Unity for 30000 crore to meet the requirement of money to buy HealthCare equipment to fight Coronavirus outbreak.. 3 A.M This movie will shake you up This epic suspense movie is made by us During Lockdown Hope you enjoy it INDIA HINDI. Thats what we get in return. Depicts reality. Mumbai Man Claims Coronavirus a Govt Conspiracy in Facebook Post Arrested. Covinfo Download app for Covid19 update and Spread awareness: Hello Indians please stop spreading fake news and statistics. [https//www.covinfo.org]https//www.covinfo.org/fbclidIwAR0FZSDg2t0NiXwSzbONyQ21DQpzFhR7BbBopzsUDYlUPbD0uIzg5loE Volunteer driven initiative building application for tracking covid19 patients using API from covid19india for Indias data and API from worldometers for world data. Features 1. Keep up with live numbers.Compact dashboard with realtime information. 2. Visualize the spreading.Graphical representation of daily statistics. 3. Keep an eye on the world.Traverse global data with an interactive map. 4. Refine the statistics.Countrywise tabular data with filters.. Will the coronavirus crisis inevitably result in an expansion of the surveillance state in India. Sirsa dera claims its chief had known about Covid19 outbreak 8 years back. Mumbai Coronavirus News Mumbais Wockhardt Hospital declared containment zone as 26 nurses and three doctors test positive Mumbai News Times of India. No community transmission yet Lockdown exit depends on new cases says ICMR. India may need 27 million n95 masks and 15 million PPES by June. Madhya Pradesh Police Allegedly Beat Adivasi Man to Death for Breaking Lockdown.  I . Indians message from China on corona safety.. The test kits of the Ahmedabad firm CoSara which was first in India to get licence to make Covid19 testing kits have failed validation carried out by ICMR.: gt Gujaratbased CoSara Diagnostics has failed validation of their MadeInIndia Covid19 reagent test kits. CoSara Diagnostics kit was among 15 others in India which failed the validation carried out by the Indian Council for Medical Research ICMR. Only five of the companies passed the test. https//ahmedabadmirror.indiatimes.com/ahmedabad/others/cosarafailsvalidationofcovidtestkit/articleshow/74975336.cms gt Ahmedabad based company has become the first in India to receive a licence to manufacture coronavirus test kits from the Central Drugs Standards Control Organisation CDSCO. This makes the company the only one in the country so far to be able to manufacture reagent kits used in the rRTPCR machines to test for coronavirus. https//ahmedabadmirror.indiatimes.com/ahmedabad/coverstory/ahmedabadfirmfirstinindiatogetlicencetomakecovid19testingkits/articleshow/74699960.cms A while ago I had posted a thread by Saket Gokhale which raised questions on irregularities in licensing of test kits. [Link to thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fnfnh1/theressomethingveryfishygoingonwithcovid19/. PM Narendra Modi 9pm9minute Call Bring Bollywood Corporate Celebrities 402. This Corona Virus found dead this morning because of all the QUANTUM heat and energy from lighting diyas candles crackers burning houses last night.. We Need Testing At Wide Level To Fight Coronavirus. Anand Mahindra The Nationalist Industrialist Helping Nation Fight Coronavirus. India has closed its railways for the first time in 167 years. Now trains are being turned into hospitals. There Are At Least 75000 Coronavirus Infections In India TODAY 21 Days Not Enough Inan Dogan PhD. During the switching off the lights on Sunday evening at 2100 hrs Mumbai demand had dropped by 480 MW 25 and Maharashtra demand had dropped by nearly 3000 MW which were much higher than anticipated Tata Power statement. Fight Against Coronavirus No Less Than War Says PM Modi. Coronavirus Shortage of PPE masks easing says govt India News Times of India. How Indians reacted to the 9pm lights off on 5th April. DRDO Makes Bio Suit For Indias Medical Staff Fighting COVID19 With 7000 Suits Made Daily. Open letter from Kamal Haasan to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Pune womans death due to COVID19 puzzles authorities.. Indias media must promote science not superstition in COVID19 fight. Resident Doctors Association at Safdarjung hospital in Delhi has put a plea for donations of PPE kits N95 masks and Hand Sanitizers.. COVID19 IIT Roorkee develops lowcost ventilator in collaboration with AIIMS. Govt estimates In next 2 months need 27 million N95 masks 50000 ventilators. Contribute to help provide PPE Kits to Doctors. Growing up in India with a Chinese mother hasnt been easy Covid makes it worse. Evil Chinazi virus USA decouple with CCP. Indian PPE Maker Explains Why Docs Dont Have Protective Equipment. This is some level dedication Facepalm. Keep yourself and your family safe. Stay in your homes and be honest in your country. Make lockdown successful help people around you this is also a true patriotism.. Islamists attack Mohammad Kaif for lighting lamp in solidarity for fight against coronavirus. Coronavirus cases cross 4000 in India 109 deaths. Statewise numbers here. Tablighi chief ignored advice of clerics on cancelling meet India News Times of India. Singer Kanika Kapoor Discharged From Hospital After Testing Negative For Coronavirus In Sixth Attempt. Corona Poem by Sanjay Nirupam . Kanika finally gets discharged after testing negative for COVID the sixth time. COVID19 Man posts no ventilators in Ludhiana on Facebook booked for sedition. Whats with the candles: Ok so this is my humble attempt to put things in perspective. If you are upset that there are some Indians who are ridiculing the thalis and diyas I would like you to know that they are not against you but are unhappy with the government and are against its glaringly divisive and cult practices. They are not against our culture but are against the political parties which are using it to divide our country. And If you are someone who finds those thali bangers and diya lovers ridiculous please remember that not every Indian is blessed with good fortune and privilege. For those of us who are not yet friends with science and the doctrine of individualism faith and a sense of belonging to a community still are their best friends. Yes they seek hope and joy in such trivial acts. And I am sorry but this is the country you are born into. Hate it or strive to make it better. The choice is yours. People are not the problem corrupt politicians who prey upon them are. Lets learn to love and support each other despite the differences. Why Because Gandhi ji said so. Your thoughts and opinions are welcome. https//preview.redd.it/t48ycdzoq4r41.jpgwidth1536ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsc3a2f0834324262dcc6c4c3f0bf4a02f460cd166. We have banged thalis and lit candles to demonstrate our solidarity with doctors. How do the doctors feel: Looking for some answers from genuine doctors. Do these boost your morale Do you want us to hold couple more of such acts of solidarity Do you have any message to the government or the people Thanks. Were ever indebted to healthcare provider community.. This information has been doing its round in WhatsApp lately. How much truth is there to it. Delhi Outcry over lack of protective gear as 7 doctors test positive for Covid19. Will be removed yet again but lets try to raise awareness... I am beginning to think that lockdown will be extended upto Diwali in October with mild openings for which we were allowed to celebrate a mini Diwali in advance. Thoughts: I am beginning to think that lockdown will be extended upto Diwali in October with mild openings for which we were allowed to celebrate a mini Diwali in advance. Thoughts. Karma Corona Rap. We Will Win This Flight. Corona se to lad lenge but jahaaliyat se ladna bahut jaruri hai remembertogether we stand divided we fall .. Tablighi Jamaat Coronavirus Hotspots Is Media Coverage Biased. India COVID19 Data Archive Case Numbers from Official Sources Only Like PIB and MoHFW. 109 Deaths Countrywide Due To Covid19 Total Positive Cases Breach 4000Mark. 40 Pune doctors in quarantine after Tablighi Jamaat meet attendee tests positive. What more can I say . In a first Bronx zoo tiger Nadia tests positive for Covid19 develops dry cough loss of appetite. After 26 Nurses 3 Doctors Test Covid19 Positive Mumbais Wockhardt Hospital Declared Containment Zone. Thatched House Catches Fire in Jaipur as Crackers Burnt During PMs 9pm Initiative Fell on Roof News18. On 20th February when the COVID19 situation was not as bad in India I gave the slogan of go corona corona go. At that time people were saying will this make corona go away Now we are seeing this slogan all across the world Union Minister Ramdas Athawale 5.04.20. Coronavirus Kerala tops recoveryrate table. For Days Samples Tested Were More Than People Tested By Exactly 890. Theyve started disinfecting cities.. PMCARES Credibility: [removed]. India cases in 4288 death toll 117 says Worldometer. How To Test Your Face Mask MUST WATCH. Need a special skill to disintegrate in times like these via Micromax Moment FB page. Beyond the lockdown The government is contemplating a partial lifting of the current lockdown on April 15 and imposing another one a month later. There Are At Least 75000 Coronavirus Infections In India TODAY 21 Days Not Enough. Why is patriotism made akin to our willingness to comply with whatever task the Big Boss gives us: [removed]. Sums up yesterday. EVEN COVID19 PANDEMIC CANT COOL EXTREMISM OF HINDUTVA FANATICS read more at www.awazekhalsa.com. OdishaLocals in KesharpurCuttack pelted stones at police today.Some ppl from Muslim community pelted stones at police while police personnel were patrolling the area during complete shutdown imposed in Cuttack till 8pm today. Case registeredsays Cuttack DCP Akhileshvar Singh. Tablighi Jamaat members account for 30 of all coronavirus cases. North Indians are always hilarious Dont try this at home or anywhere else. Dont be an idiot. Highest singleday casualty of 27 takes Indias corona toll to 124: [removed]. I have no words for this..image courtesy from r/PlipPlip. Does anyone know what BCG strain India uses Interesting hypothesis that shows Soviet/Japan/Brazil strains may be the most effective against COVID19. Sonu Nigam burning the lamp the poem of Guy Atal Bihari PM Modi will also be proud sonunigam AtalBihariVajpayee PMModi Modi IndiaFightsCoronavirus IndiaFightsCorona Corona Coronavirus. How to handle a national epidemic like Covid 19 India knows says Shailaja Chandra. No answers no access no accountability Journalists struggle to get information from the government as Covid19 crisis worsens. A very short and informative video about the COVID19 situation in India by The Quint.: [deleted]. A small trial finds that hydroxychloroquine is not effective for treating coronavirus. Nearly one third of covid 19 cases in India from jamat cluster says Govt. Go Corona Go Indians fighting Coronavirus. Candlelight is converted into Photon energy then to quantum energy to atomic energy and will kill Corona. Assessing Healthcare Capacity in India. It happens only you know where. It happens only in India: [deleted]. Its happens only in India: [deleted]. 8 Malaysian Tablighis trying to flee India caught at airport. The 9 AM Story Of India. China and Pakistan setting new standards of quality control.. Another Incident. MLAs From HYD Protest On the Street Chanting Chinavirus Go Back.. Govt considering another package to minimize lockdown impact Sources Times of India. Is 2 years jail term enough for malignant act to spread life threatening disease India News Times of India. I hope modi announces a day for nation wide rave party from balconies . What do you guys think: [removed]. Meanwhile in india. Last Night at 9 PM. Go corona go. Coronavirus German female doctor writes to Meghalaya CM expressing her desire to serve people. MayMay. Why is the Punjab death rate so high Why is Punjabs healthcare severely underfunded compared with other states. Statue of Unity put up for sale on OLX for COVID19 donations police probe underway: [deleted]. Everyone in India at 9PM: [removed]. Its still here. Us Indians celebrating having clean air. What an evening.: In my last post I had talked about how people violated the janta curfew and made a joke by banging utensils and bursting crackers. Today also the picture wasnt that different. At 9 pm people started bursting crackers loud music started to be played and chants of Jai Shree Ram started. I failed to understand how this will lead to any solution. With 66000 deaths globally millions affected we should be focussing our resources on developing a cure a vaccine but instead we are just celebrating a disease with fire crackers. The pollution levels were starting to go down but again they are back up just in one day. People defied lockdowns and went out on the streets again in groups. I am genuinely extremely scared now. At a scary time like this we are busy celebrating Diwali instead of behaving like sane rational citizens. PS I saw a news report on twitter which mentioned that one locality in Jaipur Rajasthan reported a fire in a building caused due to firecrackers.. So my apartment looked pretty beautiful at 9 PM. AQI in NCR after people burst firecrackers for their Pied Piper. Misbehaviour with Doctors and Nurses. laughs in british. Again Indians have proved that we deserve to be ruled by our PM.. Asking Help Aggregate all help seeking tweets under common hashtags: [removed]. Massive fire in a building from bursting crackers for 9baje9mintues.. Ventilator numbers.: India reportedly has 48000 ventilators for the entire country alot of them arent really in working conditions btw . 48000 ventilators for a population of 130 crores and if were to assume the best case scenario as 1 of india tests positive for covid thats 1.3 crores infected people. Considering worldwide numbers 12 of reported cases are serious requiring ventilators. So 12 of 1.3 crores is 15.6 lakh people needing ventilators. But we only 48k ventilators rough times to come. TLDR India is pretty fucked.. What is Tableeghi Jamaat: [removed]. The corona Meme is viral now. 9Baje9Minutes Massive fire in Jaipur. India united as one in these troubled times. Only possible because of our beloved PM. A lovely sight to behold. Shot by a DJI Drone.. Reliable covid tracker: How come the infected numbers reported by [https//www.covid19india.org/]https//www.covid19india.org/ are significantly different from news WHO ministry off by atleast 700800 cases Not reliable. BJP MLA Raja Singh and supporters take out march against Corona Virus. Lighting Lamp 9pm9min With ISHA Sadhguru in Challenging Times 05Apr. Haha kinda relatable rn: [deleted]. Haha kinda relatable rn: [deleted]. Coronavirus update 4182 Confirmed cases in India death toll at 118. Statewise tally here. Fuckety fuck fuck: [removed]. Cartoon network started showing this just like 20 years ago . After a incident during 9PM9min event Im worried about our future and frustrated with this prevailing fanaticism among Indian or more precisely Bhakts.: [removed]. After a incident during 9PM9min event Im worried abour our future and frustrated with this prevailing fanaticism among Indian or more precisely Bhakts.. We won. 9 PM news today. Survival tips several ways to eat young Papaya before its matures into a fruit. Coronavirus Moronavirus: [deleted]. Grandmom stuck in Uttarakhand: [removed]. A historic event indeed: This will go down in History as Indians burst crackers and celebrated the death of thousands of people and doctors during the pandemic while all other countries were fighting it. Indian never fail to surprise me. Im frustrated with this Fanaticism Worried abour our future after today 9PM9min event.. Interpret it the way your utility based perspective allows you to.. Go Back Go Back China Virus Go Back. An Inspiration Poem on Indias Fight against Corona Virus COVID19 VIDEO. Alone but Not Alone fuckyoucovid 9baje9mintues IndiaFightsCorona coronaupdatesindia COVID2019 coronavirus QuarantineDiaries Mumbai India. I did not turn off the lights today. Call this my own civil disobedience or whatever you want but Modi will not control my life. Fascism wil die.: [removed]. laughs in british: [deleted]. Posting again because stupidity was on show tonight.. We did it bois Corona is no more: [deleted]. Nation of Fools: Just when pollution level was going down people every where compensated that by bursting fire crackers. And most unsettling thing was they were calling out those who havent participated in this bullshit. My one neighbor was pissed at another one because he was bursting crackers with his lights on.. 9pm9min. Candle march for coronotsav. Saw this on instagram What a wonderful way to fight the virus. Lakhs of Indian citizens came together to support Prime Minister Narendra Modis call to light lampsdiya as a symbolic gesture and collective to defeat the novel coronavirus that has wreaked absolute havoc on the world and on life as we know it.. Fuck this stupid and fascist shithole man. I will emigrate as soon as I can. Dear stupid Indians clapping banging thalis and celebrating this fascist Diwali wont solve COVID19. Get some brain and stop following the orders of the RioterinChief.: [deleted]. Why were people against turning off the lights: [deleted]. My mom said this today. She has a masters degree. She also said we are invoking the planet Mars. Coronavirus Advertisement placed in OLX to sell Statue of Unity case filed. Credits to someone from Facebook. I wont be surprised if the numbers surge up to 10k in 7 days.: [deleted]. Defiance in the neighborhood. Social Distancing FTW. Happy Diwali guys. Take a look at how Gujarat came together to show its solidarity against the COVID19 global pandemic. Were all in this together and together we are stronger.. Celebrating Seriously: [removed]. What is rapid antibody test for Corona that India has cleared amp convalescent plasma therapy. People celebrating early Diwali.: [removed]. Breaking News UNESCO has just declared Indias Prime Minister as the best Event Management expert in the world. Go Corona Corona Go.... PIL To Be Filed In Supreme Court Of India For Coronavirus Epidemic Against China Investigation Already Going On The Role Of WHO ICJ Can Also Be Approached. This is what has been going on. People in the masses out in the street burning rockets and other firecrackers. Its a mess.. Antila Worlds most expensive home lights off Dias on. On bright side they are still Social distancing. Caption this. The Return of the Vanar Sena I hereby the dub the mindless blind followers of the illustrious ModiJi who were insensitive enough to light firecrackers today as the Vanar Sena Art by Sachin Shubhrasaar. And it begins. GoCorona. 9pm 9 minutes. My neighbors 70 made this.. 9Pm 9 minutes.: [deleted]. Whatsapp should save us by blocking the status update feature until the lockdown due to coronavirus is removed and normalcy is restored.: [removed]. Is this real or the website sucks: [deleted]. NASA uploaded a picture: [deleted]. Mahim Pratap Singh on Twitter: [deleted]. Giving yall a headsup: [deleted]. Hope it doesnt last that long.... Happy diwali everyone. Live Chat with Dr Anshuman Kumar talk about Corona Virus Corona India .... West Bengaluru stands up with corona warriors.. Just like rest of India We stand united against what we face. 9pm9minutes. The Return of the Vanar Sena I hereby the dub the mindless blind followers of the illustrious ModiJi who were insensitive enough to light firecrackers today as the Vanar Sena . Lit XD. Nothing can change in this country.: There are stupid idiots who are blasting firecrackers outside my home even after 9 minutes they still keep going on. What has happen to this country people have gone insane some people even are roaming on the streets but if a poor person searching for food is there Dalal Police will beat them up. Im pretty darn sure that tomorrow people will say Coronavirus has been defeated now if anyone gets infected by Corona that person is a DeshDrohi and will be sent to Pakistan.. Fight against Corona and the lonliness from quarantine. Go corona Corona Go. Coronavirus 4 northeast states untouched by Covid19 no cases in Lakshadweep india news. Happy Diwali Everyone: [removed]. India against corona virus.. The Modern Vanar Sena . Lockdown significantly improves water quality of ganga. To people amazed at firecrackers being burst at 9PM. Are u hearing crackers too: I mean what we need is more testing amp tracking amp quarantining people. THIS IS NOT DIWALI Moral Boost is great but pandemic is not a Joke. Extend the lockdown.. Why are people so stupid They consider Modi the ultimate leader and still ignore instructions provided by him only: Its been more than 30 mins and still the candles are lit in everyones balcony inspite of the instructions of Modi to blow them off after 9 mins. People are bursting crackers lighting parachutes roaming in groups as if it is a group activity. Why are people so stupid. So the people did manage to get the essential supply of fireworks.: [removed]. Amitabh at 9pm today for 9 minutes. Bangalore coming together. Nice of us Indians to restore the pollution level : ModiJi just couldnt stand it when he heard that the pollution level is lowering. No Nothing can lower in his glorious realm Thats why he ordered his Vanar Sena to light diyas knowing they wouldnt light firecrackers to celebrate the thousands of global deaths and thus India would lead the world in the restoration of the pollution level I hope you lit diyas . Remember big brother is watching. Covid 19 in India. Indiya against Corona . Hypocrisy at its best: [removed]. We did it guys Corona is no more.: People were shouting Go Corona Corona Go with such a passion and enthusiasm that Im pretty sure Coronavirus disappeared all over the world. India single handedly defeated Coronavirus.. Indiya against Corona: [deleted]. 9baje9minute: [removed]. Honest answers no sarcasm.: Considering the recent mass activities of clapping and now of lighting diyas/candles What was the government thinking Whats the objective I am genuinely curious and want to hear people out. No belittling or glorification of these activities intended.. People light up diyas and torches to send the message that we will stay united and not give up fighting this pandemic. In Other news lakhs of Indias came out to celebrate the demise of healthworks who have died and will possibly die due to the Coronavirus: [removed]. Rant This country is full of dumbasses.: Im currently preparing for NEETUG and Ive a fullsyllabus test tonight online. Here Im trying to study and everyone in my area are bursting phatakas shouting HariOm and happy Diwali in groups...for almost 40 mins now. It started around 830 pm when the whole colony went dark kids started running on road shouting Diwali all the uncle and aunties came out of their houses and started gossiping and so many idiots started bursting loud phatakas. I dont even where the heck did they get so much crackers during lockdown these crackers arent beautiful rockets either just noisy explosives which is giving me a headache... They arent planning on stopping its almost 930. Someone nuke these idiots.. 999. Blackout and Diyas for Go Corona. TIL half of the people of my locality are fucking stupid.: I think Modi is sitting in his office furiously masturbating to the visuals of people following his dumb requests. Edit Forgot to mention the bloody firecrackers. Almost as if we are celebrating the deaths of the Coronavirus infected.. The other countries seeing a blinding light coming from our direction . The other countries seeing a blinding light coming from our direction . A logical possibility of the corona diya: The Janata curfew was in preparation for the longer curfew. What if the diya demonstration is in preparation of rolling blackouts. Happy Diwali: [removed]. Dogs of India during 9PM Prakarsh Parv: Doggo shit scared Shittt Is it that time of year Diwali has come awfully too soon FML Running for life.... People mindlessly crying Baharat Mata Ki Jai during 9pm event today. Did the effects of social distancing and national lockdown go down the drain in a few minutes. Maybe PM can convince everyone to do the same for a pollution free Diwali Deepavali.: [removed]. Wonder when did the PM ask to click selfies and photos with the diyas : [removed]. Why this Coronaveri Di. People burning crackers and polluting the air undermining all our current clean air situation.. Ludhiana Guys on 6th Morning Canada looks blurred again: [removed]. Fuck this. Our country will never learn.: People are bursting crackers. Theyre playing drums on the street like its some festival. AGAIN. Im so done with this country man. Has the education system really failed us this bad I hope all this goes viral and the rest of the world knows how dumb we are. We need to hang our heads in shame.. Now that the Covid19 is wiped out of our Country what should I do with my life: [removed]. Idiots have started to burst crackers now.: [removed]. Looking at all the firecrackers being burst now all the pollution are gonna rise up again.: [removed]. Where is that redditor who asked to take images of the sky star gazing lmao people are literally bursting crackers.: [removed]. Himachal man commits suicide for social boycott over Jamaat links. So people are bursting crackers.: [removed]. [ self post]Covid19 survival kit.. Such bullshit. Happy Diwali guys: [removed]. You guys are too impure to understand Modi Jis 9pm for 9 mins idea.: Its very scientific. Im a scientist. Even UNESCO had called this the best master stroke. Please read. You want to know full secret about 9 pm 9 minutes How many planets are there 9 the Nava graha. The Navagraha are very fast. And we have corona because they are furious. How many parts of Fast and Furious 9 But all these cars run on petrol... where does petrol come from Fossilized wood. Now the question is Would Elijah Yes Elijah Wood. And what movie is he in 9. And this is where things get complicated. We need to talk about astronomy. Modi ji was giving lecture about vedic astronomy to NASA. Thats when he realised this. What does NASA study Stars. What are stars called in India Tara. Who is a famous tara Heroine Nayantara. Lets split that Nayan tara Nine tara... 9. What movie is she in Darbar. Which released on 9th of January. Again. 9. Who is the hero in Darbar Super star Rajnikant. Which show has he been in Man vs wild. And who else has been in Man vs Wild Yep. You guessed it right. Narendra Damodardas Modi Ji. A full circle. Check mate. If you can even disprove this science I will challenge. Open challange. Youre all too impure you nonveg crooked brain can never understand this concept.. Thats just sad.. We did it boys Covid19 is no more. Someone please translate this to English...: [Here]https//www.youtube.com/watchvgILHtSfcFio is an argument against why electricity should not be switchedoff by everyone all at once. This is in Marathi and Hindi please some one translate this into English.. Chinese React Indias 21day nationwide lockdown video I am crying and Donate 100 pound. COVID Gyan. Will you light the Diyas: The supreme leader has asked the people of India to light diyas flash torchlights or use their smartphones to celebrate the fact that you are not alone in this fight against COVID19 but he has not been generous enough to provide relevant information about the rate of testing in India or the plans to increase it in a given timeframe. He has not provided the statistics on the number of ventilators available in the country the number of PPE provided to each public health hospital designated to treat the disease or the way in which he plans to deal with the economic fallout from this pandemic. Instead he wants you to celebrate Diwali in April and post it on social media and feel good about that. [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fvem2e. Grofers. World Map Timelapse of the Confirmed Covid19 Deaths from January 9 to April 5. Doubling rate of COVID 19 infection is 4.1 days as of now. Hey check this out COVID19 Test at a low price. The GOQii Store has healthy products like no other. Thought youd be interested. Get the app goqii.com/app and use my code goqii1484541 to sign up.. I am not against any party or person it was just [OC]. A rare anti9minutes Whatsapp forward: gtI will not light the candle If you agree just copy and paste your name into your wall. If not skip Dont argue now I just want to know the answer Unless I know how much PPE clothing is available for doctors nurses asylum seekers or other health workers in my country I will not light a candle Until I find out exactly how many ventilators are arranged in my countrys how many hospitals how many ICU bed is made how will the treatment cost arranged I will not light the candle Until I know how much government aid is reached for the homeless unemployed disadvantaged billion people in my country how much help will arrive in the future I will not light the candle Unless I know what exactly the government has taken action for more than 5 percent of my countrys peasantry labourers and countless migrant labour I will not light the candle in the face of this dreadful crisis Until I know what arrangements have been made for the girls of my country victims of domestic abuse what arrangements have been made for closed school and college education I will not light the candle Until I know what kind of government measures has been taken for the thirdsex people of my country for numerous sex workers for beggars monks fakirs wanderers I will not light the candle I am not a wooden puppet in the hands of nationalism. I am not even a ring leader in the circus of politics. I speak with pride I am an Indian. I am a sovereign socialist secular democratic countries healthy citizen I am Somnath Dasgupta by profession in service. Bakhts It is official we have more covid cases than Pak and we will probably be one of the worst hit in the world.: Officially in India there are now 3500 cases however the death rate is high 100 which probably means we have 160000. This will be a disaster for our economy and our national image accept that Modi has completely mismanaged this situation.. Second things First.. Important delivery to Kolkata covid 19: So I have some dear friends who are doctors in Kolkata. Theyre facing a shortage of basic PPE items like basic masks even. I want to help and contribute by printing and delivering face shields the globally medically approved designs. Could any of you suggest how they could get this delivery. Any suggestions and solutions are welcome. Im in Mumbai right now want to deliver it towards Kolkata.. Do You Know 41 WHAT IS MINDFULNESS BASED STRESS REDUCTION EXERCISE LETS LEARN.... 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Modis appeal to light lamps turns into schoolmonitored activity parents to fill forms. President Donald Trump has said that he has requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi to release the amount of hydroxychloroquine ordered by the United States after India last month banned the drugs for exports.. April 5 Special Pickup Line : Damn girl are you a torch because Id love to turn you on tonight P. Do you think that Tablighi jamaat is the only reason due to which coronavirus cases are rising: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fvdm49. Schools Claim MHRD Asks for Count of Students Lighting Diyas Today. Schools Claim MHRD Asks for Count of Students Lighting Diyas Today. These people were roaming freely in my neighbour society when someone from their societyfrom balcony asked them to go home they started abusing. Really shame on such people. A humble request to all my brothers and sisters to please be decent towards those fighting on the front lines. Ahead of PM Modis blackout call health ministry confirms Indias covid19 cases climb to 3374 79 deaths reported so far with the novel coronavirus.. Corona virus and India Funny Mr Bean. This tweet made me ponder....: I came across [this]https//twitter.com/ankushwit/status/1246308988188110848 tweet while reading a news article. It made me ponder on that line of thought. What do you think. Today. Haters gonna hate. Drake approves. Drake approves. Haters gonna hate. Haters gonna hate. How to Protect Yourself From CORONA Virus COVID19. Pune district records 20 new positive cases Most of them have no travel history or exposure to positive Read more at https//punemirror.indiatimes.com/pune/civic/punedistrictrecords20newpositivecases/articleshow/74988323.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. If you want to stay safe donate: The simplest way to ensure that you stay safe is allow other people to stay at home. Daily wagers cant stay home unless somebody feeds them. You have the power to do that. For as little as INR 500 you can feed a daily wager for a week. Please donate if you can. Use the private donations rather than government donations if you are donating to government it is likely that it is ending in the pocket of a politician.. What about the entrance exams scheduled in May:  CLAT AILET NEET JEE have been postponed but only by two weeks or so. Would we be able to take these tests on the postponed dates with the way things are going Would it be settled by the last week of May Thanks. This website shows progression of statewise COVID19 cases in India with time Credits https//livecovid.in. What about the entrance exams scheduled in May: [removed]. This website shows Statewise COVID19 cases progression with time Credits livecovid.in. Countries with compulsory TB vaccine BCG like India are showing fewer Covid19 deaths. What about the entrance exams which are scheduled in May: [removed]. Social Distance in India had always existed. Revolutionary Man. Countries with compulsory TB vaccine BCG like India are showing fewer Covid19 deaths. Lockdown. How to handle a national epidemic like Covid 19 India knows says Shailaja Chandra. Diya Jalao. Top coronavirus infected countries till march 2020.  67 Lockdown . is this real or fake in regional news paper kutch mitra translation in comments.. Taunted over coronavirus spread after Tablighi meet Himachal man commits suicide. Covid19 a bioweapon say jurists file complaint against China in UNHRC. 11 Deaths in 24 Hrs Take India Death Toll to 79 Confirmed Cases Near 3800 ICMR Says Infection Not Airborne. BCG preimmunity early lockdown ampamp exposure to bacterial infections may slow Covid spread in India. Momma. Momma. Momma. Im not sure if this has already been shared here as the post is almost 1.5 weeks old. But this shows what was the preparedness level two days before Janata Curfew and how authorities messed up at the IGI Airport which probably have lead to local transmission of CoVID19 there itself.: Original post by Vikram Sharma on FB Insiders Account Covid19 Triage Facility at IGI Delhi Airport Hello I landed in India on March 21 at 0800 hours at IGIA T3 Indira Gandhi International Airport Terminal 3 New Delhi India just a few hours before the ban on international flights ordered by the Government of India came into being. I am exPrime Ministers Fellow RD and through this post I am sharing my firsthand experience about arrival covid19 testing facility and everything in between for whatever thats worth. I hope my account will help you get a glimpse of whats really happening on ground. And how much are we really prepared as a country to deal with the pandemic. I have divided this post into 4 short sections as per the four stages of testing process followed at IGI Delhi as I understood it. Kindly note that I did not hear any government official or medical/security staff using these terms for different testing stages. I have used them for organising my thoughts. Stage Alpha MIXING1 Arrivals amp Immigrations I arrived via Ethiopian Airlines flight ET686 at 800 am on March 21. As I entered the airport building I saw the first screening checkpoint with 3 doctors waiting for us. Since I was the first in the queue a lady doctor moved a handheld device in front of my forehead and took my body temperature. I then handed over my prefilled Covid19 medical form to her which the airline staff gave us before landing. Her fellow doctor asked me which country I came from I answered Ethiopia. He looked puzzled and had no clue where the country was and thats fine he was a doctor not a quizmaster so I didnt expect him to know So I told him it is in East Africa. Surprisingly this being the very first screening point he did not have a checklist of highrisk countries Iran/ Italy/Spain/China/etc. so that he could check and categorise me as a highrisk or a lowrisk passenger. The lady doctor recommended him to call one of the senior doctors at testing facility and get further instructions on how to categorise passengers arriving from Ethiopia. He did not have his mobile with him so he asked the lady doctor to call. She did not have talktime balance to make a call What they did next left me shell shocked Male doctor said Arre phone nahi mil raha toh choddo jaane do sabko [ If we cant connect to sr. doctors leave it. Let everyone go] And my medical form was stamped Quarantined at Home without asking about my travel history or medical condition. Most of the 300 passengers behind me got the same stamping on their medical forms and we were directed to the Immigrations. At Immigrations counter roughly 400500 passengers from early morning flights were either sitting on the floor or swarmed around the counters some with masks some without them. These were passengers who came from all over the world with travel history that apparently included visits to Dubai Iran Italy China Japan South Africa Spain Russia the US etc. I call this MIXING1 stage so at MIXING1 Apparently infected and uninfected people were made to sit together at less than arms length from each other in a partially closed hall WITHOUT SEGREGATION by country medical history or age. Masked people sat with unmasked one young people sat next to old people pregnant women sat next to unmasked women taking maternity tips midage uncles shook hands over political gossips teenage kids sneezed without tissues and got back to their smartphones and many coughed out in that same open space. And these 700800 people were made to sit in front of Immigrations counter for 4 hours before moving them to the next stage. gtgtRefer Photograph 1 2 amp 3 Stage Beta MIXING2 PostImmigration Post Immigrations we joined a group of another 200 people who had cleared immigrations before us and were waiting to move to the next stage. So we became a larger group of 1000 people. At this stage we were randomly divided into smaller groups of 10 people. I call this stage MIXING2 at which 1000 people with all sorts of travel and medical history and widely different demographic characters were segregated into 100 smaller groups of 10 people and were taken to the next hall. Since 10 people in each group were randomly selected out of 1000 this was the second level of mixing that was done. My group of 10 had five 60 passengers two Indians who came from Serbia and a couple who came from Melbourne. Those 100 groups of 10member each were given numbers from 1 to 100 and then made to sit next to each other at less than an arms length for another 3 hours in the same hall. gtgtRefer Photograph 4 Stage Gamma MIXING3 pretesting Now it was time to move to the next stage in the process. A team of a senior bureaucrat a medical supervisor and a police/security supervisor began calling three 10member groups at a time and instructed all 30 people to stand in a queue at less than arms distance from each other some wearing masks some without masks some coughing some sneezing some even eating a banana or a cupcake. Those 40 randomly mixed groups of 30member each were taken to the baggage belts sequentially one after the other. Luggage was already unloaded by airlines staff off the conveyor belts. So it was literally a sea of baggage pieces lying all over the place from Belt 1 to Belt 10. As passengers began collecting their respective luggage each touched at least 510 different baggage pieces before he/she could identify his/her own and some had their gloves on while majority did not. And some had sneezed or coughed into their bare hands earlier Once everyone collected their luggage each group was assigned a police officer whose sole responsibility was to take his/her group of 30 to the testing facility setup outside the IGI next to the Uber/Ola pickup point. By now it was 7 pm and my group was waiting for its turn to be called at the testing facility. Note that since my arrival at 800 am to the time when I claimed my baggage around 700 pm it was already 11 hours without food rest or sleep. And till this point no official testing or consultation with a doctor took place. However 1000 passengers infected and uninfected were randomly mixed in smaller and bigger groups at least THREE TIMES by then gtgt Refer Photograph 5 amp 6 Stage Charlie O.K. TESTED testing Finally at 800pm 12 hours since I landed and checked in at the airport my group was called to the testing facility along with two other groups. We all walked in with our luggage. As I entered I read on the sign board COVID19 TRIAGE FACILITY. The facility had two rooms one waiting room as you entered and one testing room beside it with an exit from the facility. So at a time members of one group went into the testing room with their luggage while those of other two groups waited in the first room. When I entered the testing room along with 29 members of my group I saw 30 doctors in their quarantine clothing wrapped headtotoe in white suits head caps and transparent eyegears. By now we all expected doctors to ask questions about our travel history our recent medical condition and run some sort of blood and nasal swab tests. Right Well we were all wrong As I sat in front of my doctor she handed over a pamphlet. It had Covid19 symptoms explained in Hindi and English on either side of it. She then asked me to read it and ask any questions or doubt I had Though I did not see any medical devices syringes or nasal swab kits anywhere in the testing room I was still hoping that may be the doctors would do it on case to case basis postconsultation. My doctor asked me Do you have any corona virus symptoms I answered with a No expecting a few more probing questions about my health history recent condition etc. To my utter shock she picked up a rubber stamp and stamped me with a Proud to Protect Delhiites HOME QUARANTINED till 21 April Below are some of the questions and the ONLY QUESTIONS that my group members were asked before they were stamped Home Quarantined without any blood swab or other Covid19 tests Did you take a bath today Do you take bath every day Are you on any kind of medication Do you smoke I left the Covid19 Triage facility around 945 pm roughly 14 hours after I landed in the morning. Many of my group members took connecting flights to Ranchi Cochin Bangalore Mumbai Lucknow etc. gtgtRefer Photograph 7 amp 8 In a nutshell this is what happened in those 14 hours as per the plan which was put in place 1. Around 1000 people were checkedin at the airport without segregation as per their travel or medical history. 2. Those 1000 people were grouped three to four times into batches of different sizes and demographic composition. 3. Same 1000 people were repeatedly made to sit with each other in the same space in close proximity for long hours. 4. Finally most of those 1000 people after apparently infecting each other in the last 1015 hours were stamped home quarantined at a Covid19 Triage Facility without running any medical tests. 5. All cleared patients left the testing facility and would have mingled with the larger population in different parts of India on their way to their homes. This all happened while the rest of India was implementing Junta Curfew and Bollywood celebrities were clapping or banging thalis from their balconies while NRIs were gloating with pride over Indias stupendous success at keeping Covid19 spread under control while uncles were explaining how governments step will help break the chain while aunties were experimenting with turmeric and neempatta recipes to cure corona virus and while the media were busy running COVID19 talk shows instead of reporting on the most vulnerable ENTRY and EXIT points in the country our airports Special Thanks I am grateful to the frontline health workers doctors airport ground staff CISF and police personnel and all the volunteers who discharged their duty selflessly putting themselves at a great risk every single day to help passengers complete the screening and testing process endtoend. I have nothing but huge respect and loads of love for them. They were just following orders P.s. By the time I left the airport it was already 10 pm and given the corona virus situation in Delhi I did not want to put my friends at risk. So I chose to stay in a hotel for a night and then leave for home next morning. I booked a room at Lemon Tree Hotels Red Fox Hotel Delhi Airport Hotel Asset No.6 Aerocity Hospitality District IGI Airport for a night through a friend and reached there by 1020 pm. The ground staff checkedin my luggage through security scan as I walked in towards reception. The lady there took my passport as ID and asked for my travel history. I told her that I flew from Ethiopia and have been checked by doctors at IGI Airport for my symptoms and none existed. She asked me for a medical certificate so I showed her the stamp on my hand from the Covid19 Triage facility. She seemed indecisive and requested that their home doctor would do my checkup. I readily agreed and waited for a few minutes. Soon the hotel manager Prateek Shukla not fully sure about his name intervened and told me that they cant take me in. I reminded him about Delhi Governments order that gave people selfquarantine option at private hotels. I also mentioned the notice on their website see photograph 9 that had no such information about denying entry into the hotel based on Covid19 suspicion. In fact the notices language seemed inclusive and empathetic. Despite all my efforts to reason with the manager I was denied entry into the hotel that I had prebooked. By now it was 1100 pm. I asked the hotel transport staff to take me to any other hotel in Aerocity but was told that all hotels have internally adopted the same policy and no one would let me in. Given the Junta Curfew my options were few if any. I took a call to pick the first bus I would get and leave for home. I reached home at 4 am today after 14 hours of mental torture at IGI 2 hours of arguing with some hotel staff to let me in and 4 hours of road journey feeling scared helpless and angry. [Picture 1 Arrival amp Immigration]https//imgur.com/kd9bk4o [Picture 2 Arrival amp Immigration]https//imgur.com/EZ90czT [Picture 3 Arrival amp Immigration]https//imgur.com/T3K1GwW [Picture 4 Post Immigration]https//imgur.com/XlPRxxY [Picture 5 Pretesting forming groups of 30]https//imgur.com/bEtJ4dv [Picture 6 Pretesting Baggage Claim]https//imgur.com/gjbMYkN [Picture 7 Entering CoVID19 Triage Facility]https//imgur.com/6eAHA2d [Picture 8 Testing CoVID19 Triage Facility Doctors Room]https//imgur.com/nmmdW97 [Picture 9 Notice on Lemon Tree Hotels Website on CoVID19]https//imgur.com/8fJxB7b [Picture 10 This is me in green/white tshirt at the immigration counter. Have uploaded this since a few people had questions about authenticity of the account that I described. Hope this helps]https//imgur.com/gY4ti7n. Pls dont spread hate towards anyone. Raghuram Rajans article: [removed]. Im not sure if this has already been shared here as the post is almost 1.5 weeks old. But this shows what was the preparedness level two days before Janata Curfew and how they messed up at Airport which probably have lead to local transmission of CoVID19 there itself.: [removed]. Guess Ill watch them burn.. The govt has decide to allow rapid antibody testing for all symptomatic individuals at Coronavirus hotspots in the country. If the antibody test result is positive the person must be treated in hospital or isolation as per protocol and contact tracing should be initiated.. Extension of lockdown beyond April 14th: What are the possibilities of this lockdown extensing beyong April 14th. There are mixed hints from the center while some state governments are giving hints of moving to end of April for easing the lockdown. Any ideas. Lockdown may continue beyond April 14 in AP and Telangana [https//www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/currentaffairs/050420/lockdownmaycontinuebeyondapril14inapandtelangana.html]https//www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/currentaffairs/050420/lockdownmaycontinuebeyondapril14inapandtelangana.html . What can I do in this Lockdown for my cake day: I made White Sauce TriPasta with Hasselback Potatoes for My Mom and Dad because I was feeling good. How bout something else. lIgHt KiLlS vIrUs. COVID19 WhatsApp reduces Status video time limit to 15 seconds in India The Hindu. Made this today. We dont always agree ideologically with our government but we all need a little light these days.. What will happen after April 14: With the rise in the no. of infected what will happen after the 21 days lockdown comes to an end. Will it get extended or will everyone resume their daily life The latter scenario seems quite absurd. And if the lockdown is going to be extended how long will it happen this time. 8 Malaysians Linked To Delhi Mosque Event Caught Before Taking Special Flight. Bengal One dead after two groups clash with crude bombs guns over quarantine centre. Serious question regarding Covid19 plan of action and fund expenditure.: Sorry to ask this question if I am stupid but I want to ask all these actors donatinf money World bank donating 1 billion USD PM cares fund etc etc where is this money going and how is this utilized Is the government providing the general public with N95 masks How are the funds utilized Where are the testing kits Germany is already planning to issue immunity certificate to citizens who pass the Corona test and have recovered from it and slowly their plan is to send these immuned citizens back to the workforce so that normalcy can be restored. What is our governments 30 days plan of action When will this quarantine be uplifted How are they going to tackle the issue When will the testing kit be available I understand flattening the curve and everything but until when What is exactly the plan of action Until hoe long would this country be in lockdown Sorry if I am being stupid or asking the wrong questions. But someone has to ask them right Clearly not a single celebrity/media spokesperson has the guts to ask these questions. Sorry if I am out of the loop and dont know about crucial details of some masterstroke gameplan to beat this virus. Would like to get some answers. Thanks.. No the Grid wont collapse at 9 pm. Keep calm and stay safe. After Ghaziabad Tablighis In Quarantine Allegedly Misbehaved With Hospital Staff In Kanpur. DG ICMRDELHI writes to Health Secretary requesting operationalization of Rapid Antibody based blood test for COVID19 in clusters with containment zones and in large migration gatherings / evacuee centres.. Download Aarogya Setu App Local COVID Tracker for India. For 9min lightsoff today power sector switched on high alert. We might have entered the exponential growth stage of infection in India that is characteristic of the spread of Covid19. Heres how.: The number of cases in India has risen exponentially in the last few days. [Going from 150 cases daily to now 500600 cases daily.]https//i.imgur.com/zjRoSAJ.png Seeing the [growth trajectory of the confirmed cases country by country]https//i.imgur.com/noXGCYY.png it can be seen that India is still on an upward trajectory AND has not yet reached the peak one essential thing that shows the slowing down of infection in a country. With other countries you can see theyve started to curve in the graph. So the worst is still yet to come and we wont know how much the rate of infection has been until testing capacity is increased multifold. The infection spread rate however have slowed because of the lockdown. The country needs to be prepared with the worst that is yet to come with PPE Ventilators and all other necessary equipment. Sources 1. https//www.covid19india.org/ 2. https//ourworldindata.org/coronavirusallchartspreview. 472 Coronavirus Cases In India In 24 hours 3374 Cases So Far 10 Points. Aaj diya lagana hai boiss..: [removed]. Im not sure if this has already been shared here as the post is a week old. But this shows how authorities have messed up at the Airports which probably have lead to the spread of Coronavirus from there.. Man shot dead in Prayagraj for questioning Tablighi Jamaat gathering amid COVID19 lockdown. Oh bhai maromujhe maro.. Man shot dead over debate on Covid19 in Prayagraj Read more at http//m.timesofindia.com/articleshow/74991606.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. LPT Keep your laptops mobile phones emergency lights power banks fully charged to be prepared for the worst case scenario today at 9 PM today..: [For 9min lightsoff today power sector switched on high alert]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/lightsoffnarendramodiindiapowersectorhighalertindialockdowncoronavirus6347824/. Confirmed COVID19 cases in Maharashtra jump to 661. As far as I can tell the Aarogya Setu app takes your information but gives you a static page saying You are safe. Is anyone else getting a different message in app. PM ModiTrump Discuss Yoga And Ayurveda During Call On COVID19. Makeshift Market in Bajpe Mangalore with social distancing.. US seeks Indias help amid coronavirus outbreak World News. Support India to fight against covid19. Ramdas claims lighting candles will kill virus. Tribal Beaten To Death In Madhya Pradesh Claims Family Police Deny. Coronavirus Social Distancing Poetry. We Are Fighting Two Disasters Covid19 and the Indian State. Aarogya Setu App by GOI for COVID 19. Is this legit. Cannot travel to Canada or unable to submit additional visa requirements due to covid19 service disruptions Check this out selfHelps . Coronavirus India News Live Updates 472 Coronavirus Cases In India Trump Warns Americans Of Tough Week Ahead. How Indias fighting Covid19 with lowcost ventilators face shields. New mysterious COVID19 patient cluster from Delhis Shahdara detected in Mysuru. Amid lockdown two die in TN after consuming shaving lotion as an alcohol substitute. Global Implications Of COVID19 Fareed Zakaria In Conversation With Rahul Kanwal Newstrack. CM Uddhav Thackeray warns those trying to spark communal trouble. Donald Trump Requests PM Narendra Modi To Release Hydroxychloroquine AntiMalarial Drug To Fight COVID19. UK Officials Rubbish AYUSH Ministers Ayurveda Claim on Prince Charles Recovery. Video of Muslim vendors unhygienic handling of fruits falsely linked with spreading coronavirus Alt News. Do You Know 40 Follow The Protocol When You Are Entering Home Lets see..... 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Covid19 Govt to cut back containment ops only if no new case found for 4 weeks. India fights Corono. Delhi Police constable suspended for helping 8 Tablighi Jamatis cross border. A fitting reply. Displaced millions and caused large scale violence.. Anxious: Guys three blocks away from our house lives a family who returned from Delhi due to their family persons death . And noticing the chain someone who visited though they are in 15 day quarantine ordered by Delhi police . But someone foolish girl came into contact and keeping the link I might be in contact . So can they have the Corona virus Or I am just being too anxious . Age and gender distribution statistics for COVID19 patients in India: Data from [https//www.covid19india.org/]https//www.covid19india.org/ Made by TheCoreLab [https//www.ncovirus.in]https//www.ncovirus.in ampx200B ampx200B [Age distribution among COVID19 patients in India]https//preview.redd.it/tlfr9lvljxq41.pngwidth700ampformatpngampautowebpamps15b6cfc12c1aedc126df627891dcc3cab4b09f82 ampx200B [Gender distribution among patients]https//preview.redd.it/kvg0xgcljxq41.pngwidth612ampformatpngampautowebpampse114c8fca62ea37ef6b4c11b6d0d663d48ce2324. Isolation and mental health the psychological impact of lockdown. Pray in tough time of Corona Covid19 Benediction.. This Cop spreading coronavirus awareness in an interesting way. Coronavirus has brought out the creative side of our policemen and they looking for innovative ways of creating engaging awareness campaigns. Discussion: [removed]. Trump requests PM Modi to release Hydroxychloroquine ordered by U.S.. Wearing a face mask for an extended period of time. Sew a button to a headband to keep from destroying your ears.. Want to do something new NOW IS THE TIME Lockdown Quarantine Coronavirus Social Distancing. 26000 people in MPs Morena placed under home quarantine after 10 who attended a funeral found positive. Atleast 1500 people attended the funeral.. Uncle Sam needs supplies. We need to extend support and solidarity to minorities and marginalized sections of society rather than vilify them if we want them to keep coming forward to report coronavirus symptoms: We have all seen how Muslims are being vilified after [a Muslim congregation]https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia52147260 sparked a new wave of COVID19 cases. [List of names with addresses and mobile phone numbers]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/tamilnadu/covid19activistsvoiceprivacyconcernsoverleakofunverifiedpatientslistonsocialmedia/article31236944.ece of people who attended the Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi are circulating on social media. Given the communal narrative being spread against them this makes them extremely vulnerable to community backlash and hate crime. A BJP Health Minister himself [revealed the names age and locality of Nizamuddin returnees]https//swarajyamag.com/politics/thisiswhythenamesofthenizamuddinreturneeswhotestedcovid19positiveinassamwererevealed who tested positive in his state in an official press conference. He then asked the other Jamaat attendees to also come forward to face the same treatment. Any guesses how many would willingly come forward now In most other parts of India so far the administration [has made efforts]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/thoserevealingidentityofcovid19patientstofaceaction/articleshow/74590731.cms to preserve patients anonymity but I guess these rules can be bent if there are special circumstances. Yes you could make an argument that other people need to know who they are so that they can stay away from them but that can be easily achieved by using [hand stamps]https//www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/03/privacyfearsindiahandstampssuspectedcoronaviruscases200320120033460.html or [Home Under Quarantine stickers]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/keralacovid19stickersbeingstampedonhousesofhomequarantinedfamilies166054320200328 though IMO even these methods should be employed only on willful violators. But at least with these methods only your immediate neighbors will know rather than the entire city/nation and any potential backlash will be minimized. Charging people with the draconian National Security Act which allows detention without charges or trial for up to a year is also counterproductive while that will definitely make violent people think twice before assaulting health workers ordinary Muslims in UP who are already deeply distrustful of the Yogi government will now be even less forthcoming about their symptoms to health workers. Similarly by now we have all heard of [how 5000 migrant workers were sprayed with bleach]https//www.cnn.com/2020/03/30/india/indiamigrantworkerssprayedintl/index.html to disninfect them. After being treated this way do you think any of them will still come forward if they start showing symptoms. Tablighi jamaat has caused problems to the entire muslim community: Now many businesses are not hiring muslim employees. Many people are not buying groceries and other stuff from muslim sellers atleast in my area. I wont blame the people either they are just being cautious. I dont know if this is permanent hope not or just a temporary trend . I guess this whole Tablighi issue would affect small scale muslim shopkeepers hawkers grocers etc for a long time.. India coronavirus dispatch How an exit from this lockdown may look like Business Standard News. Covid19 update New plan holds clues to unlocking country india news. Coronavirus India Proud Of You Pakistan Air Traffic Controller To Air Indias COVID19 Relief Flights. Very good point in the support for struggles of health care workers in India. When power drives you mad you get thali bajao mombatti jalao bijli bujao.. Somebody did a video of reviewing virally shared Whatsapp videos on covid19. Proof of what china and America did to world .. GyanChand Covid19 ka gyani bot. Coronavirus survival kit. World Vs. India.. COVID19 Orders for over 10 crore antimalarial hydroxychloroquine tablets placed by Centre India News Times of India. It could be the greatest tragedy we have faced Indias impending double catastrophe. After those 9 minutes. PCI advisory against AYUSH claims of curing COVID19. 83 of Covid19 patients in India are aged below 60 yrs. 10 Islamophobic fake news articles that went viral this week:  Fake News 1 Muslim man spitting on fruits to spread Corona https//www.thequint.com/news/india/manspittingonfruitsheldinmadhyapradeshraisenviralvideoasoldas16february Fake News 2 Muslims licking utensils to spread Corona https//www.altnews.in/oldunrelatedvideosharedasmuslimslickingutensilstospreadcoronavirusinfection Fake News 3 Muslims sneeezing in Unison to spread Corona https//thelogicalindian.com/factcheck/covid19muslimsneezedelhihazratnizamuddinmosque20436 Fake News 4 Fake whatsapp videos led to attack on health team in Indore https//indianexpress.com/article/coronavirus/indorecoronavirusvideomobattackshealthofficials6343475/ Fake News 5 Indian news agency ANI runs baseless story claiming Hindus denied rations in Karachi https//www.thenews.com.pk/print/637723noevidencesupportsindiannewsagencysbaselessstoryclaiminghindusdeniedrationsinkarachi Fake News 6 Old video circulated as Tabhlighis spitting on Policemen to spread coronavirus https//www.bbc.com/hindi/india52148620 Fake News 7 Video falsely claiming Muslim policeman beating a Hindu priest https//www.thelallantop.com/news/thetruthofviralnewsthatlonepujariwasbeatenupbyrewaspabidkhanforviolatinglockdown/ Fake News 8 Muslim worker in restaurant spitting in food to spread coronavirus https//www.altnews.in/oldvideofalselyviralasmuslimmanspittingonfoodatindianrestaurantinthebackdropofcoronaviruspandemic/ Fake News 9 Muslim Foreign Nationals with coronavirus hiding in Patna Mosque to avoid testing https//www.altnews.in/were50foreignersfromitlayiranandchinahidinginmosqueduetocoronavirusdetainedinbiharkurji/ Fake News 10 Muslim man spreading Coronavirus by spitting in New York Train https//www.altnews.in/oldvideoofracisthecklingfalselyviralasmuslimmanspitsonpassengerinnewyorkmetro/. 10 Islamophobic fake news articles that went viral this week. Coronavirus New Yorkers applaud medical workers AFP. Coronavirus Light lamps to dispel the darkness Indian PM tells citizens. My reality and the reality of a migrant worker is very different.: Our prime minister will tell you that we should light diyas to signify that we are in this together. The fact is that we are not. All suffering is not the same. My reality and the reality of a migrant worker is very different. Any attempt to gloss over these differences is fatal to all efforts to create a better society. A society where every attempt is made to leave no one behind. They will tell you that we are all the same with their money tucked away safely while you worry about wether you will get your next paycheck or not. They will tell you that we are all the same from the safety of their mansions and palaces while the poor the homeless the slumdwellers are slowly dying. They will tell you that we are all the same after their 3rd meal of the day while a billion people wonder where they will get their ration from. Sab changasi.. Disparity in Fund Allocation amid Coronavirus crisis.: [removed]. Stefan Molyneux MA on Twitter. MUST READ Can India survive Covid 19 Explained clearly. Dr Devi Shetty top cardiosurgeon amp chairman of Narayana Health on the Covid19. DIY no sew face mask easy and quick for anyone. Maharashtra CM spotlights communal virus then a warning on Covid19 messages. Mitron...Assemble. Coronavirus Why is the government so stingy. Do You Know National Informatics Centre has launched Aarogya Setu COVID19 app on Android and iOS. Liberals tomorrow on 9pm. Both are doing well i think. Lockdown Badly Planned Heres What Migrant Workers Need IIM Prof.. We created a quiz to spread general awareness about Covid19. Check out.: [removed]. The slap they need. Dont Discriminate Stand United AP CM Jagan Reddy On COVID19 Delhi Mosque Event. Project Janata Shield community led initiative to provide protective equipment for all frontline workers having no equipment in the COVID19 outbreak: [removed]. Tips to protect from covid19. Tips to protect from covid19. Project Janata Shield community led initiative to provide protective equipment for all frontline workers having no equipment in the COVID19 outbreak: [removed]. Increase testing capacity: We can do pool testing. Mix blood samples of 16 people and test that sample. If negative all 16 are negative. If positive divide into two halves of eight and repeat. I guess testing capacity can then increase by a factor of N/logN where N is the testing capacity.. Fight Against Corona. This is why we barely have any CoronaVirus cases IndiaIsBest. Top 10 countries with coronavirus Covid19 high cases. India Coronavirus cases 1023 Covid19 cases with links to Tablighi Jamaat reported from 17 states Govt India News Times of India. Yeah they are not surviving school. ICMR Testing Update 4th April 9PM 11182 samples tested in the last 24 hours.:  [https//icmr.nic.in/sites/default/files/whats\new/ICMR\testing\update\04April\9PM\IST.pdf]https//icmr.nic.in/sites/default/files/whatsnew/ICMRtestingupdate04April9PMIST.pdf ampx200B gt SARSCoV2 COVID19 Testing Status Update 04 April 2020 900 PM IST gt gtA total of 79950 samples have been tested as on 04 April 2020 9 PM IST. 3113 individuals have been confirmed positive among suspected cases and contacts of known positive cases in India. gt gtToday on 04 April 2020 till 9 PM IST 11182 samples were reported. Of these 324 were positive for SARSCoV2.. Video of Sufi ritual falsely viral as mass sneezing in Nizamuddin mosque to spread coronavirus infection Alt News. Google covid19 mobility report.. ICMR Testing Update 4th March 9PM 11182 samples in the last 24 hours: [deleted]. CoSara fails validation of Covid test kit. Proud Of You Pakistan Air Traffic Controller To Air Indias COVID19 Relief Flights. Airport screening started only in March 2020. It is conjectured that approximately 15 lakh asymptomatic but contagious passengers could have slipped through.. Telangana Disinfectant tunnel installed at Director General of police Office. India coronavirus response visible by google.. 9pm9mins 5april pinklifechannel visithttps//www.youtube.com/watchvy0j6x3WBIi4amplistPLOU6BBwEq84u5bMwxQWg7A09xtGRDD. Milk Express running at 110 kmph to reach Delhi from Andhra tomorrow.. Tablighi Jamaat versus Arnab Goswami TV Newsance Episode 84. Free milk for migrants and kids in Kerala: [deleted]. Coronavirus Heres how India is planning to unwind 21day lockdown: Priorities gt in the next few weeks testing tracing isolation and quarantine should remain the areas of focus External situation gt far from satisfactory and there was speculation of a possible second wave of the spread of the virus in some countries. Phase wise unwinding of lockdown gt people should not come out in hundreds on the roads. PM suggested that the lifting of the lockdown be staggered earmarking some days for vehicles other days for cyclists and that fewer people should be in offices. ampx200B gt PM told the Chief Ministers that the country may need to enforce social distancing at least until Diwali. Continuation of lockdown in some areas gt a limited lockdown in some areas is an option that seems to be gaining ground. ampx200B gt it may not be possible to reach a zeronewcase situation by April 14 the best option would be to focus on specific pockets to contain the spread Railway Ministry gtZones are typically set to indicate to the Railway Ministry in the coming days if they have the capability to start with 25 per cent of the usual services scaled up to 50 per cent and the like depending on the governments lockdown strategy Civil aviation Ministry gt Now what do the airlines do as a part of their contingency planning and to prepare for the future it is entirely up to the airline. There is no directive from us ampx200B [https//indianexpress.com/article/coronavirus/coronaviruscovid19hereshowindiaisplanningtounwind21daylockdown/]https//indianexpress.com/article/coronavirus/coronaviruscovid19hereshowindiaisplanningtounwind21daylockdown/. Dharavis Covid19 Deceased Man Hosted 10 Tablighi Jamaat Members Report. Pakistan trying to influence Indian Muslims to violate the Covid19 lockdown Delhi Police. https//theprint.in/india/yogigovtordersmanufacturingof66croretriplelayerkhadimasksamidcovid19outbreak/395269/. Yogi govt orders manufacturing of 66 crore triplelayer khadi masks amid Covid19 outbreak. Covidgyan A portal to become a volunteer and help people in distress .: [removed]. Maharashtra man held for licking wiping nose on currency notes in a video.. Pakistan Lockdown How Pakistanis are Helping the Poor and Needy People. Yup... Relief.. Recent events will further dissuade minorities and lower sections of society from coming forward to report their coronavirus symptoms: [List of names with addresses and mobile phone numbers]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/tamilnadu/covid19activistsvoiceprivacyconcernsoverleakofunverifiedpatientslistonsocialmedia/article31236944.ece of people who attended the Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi are circulating on social media. Given the communal narrative being spread against them this makes them extremely vulnerable to community backlash and hate crime. A BJP Health Minister himself [revealed the names age and locality of Nizamuddin returnees]https//swarajyamag.com/politics/thisiswhythenamesofthenizamuddinreturneeswhotestedcovid19positiveinassamwererevealed who tested positive in his state in an official press conference. He then asked the other Jamaat attendees to also come forward to face the same treatment. Any guesses how many would willingly come forward now In most other parts of India so far the administration [has made efforts]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/thoserevealingidentityofcovid19patientstofaceaction/articleshow/74590731.cms to preserve patients anonymity but I guess these rules can be bent if there are special circumstances. Yes you could make an argument that other people need to know who they are so that they can stay away from them but that can be easily achieved by using [hand stamps]https//www.aljazeera.com/news/2020/03/privacyfearsindiahandstampssuspectedcoronaviruscases200320120033460.html or [Home Under Quarantine stickers]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/keralacovid19stickersbeingstampedonhousesofhomequarantinedfamilies166054320200328 though IMO even these methods should be employed only on willful violators. But at least with these methods only your immediate neighbors will know rather than the entire city/nation and any potential backlash will be minimized. Charging people with the draconian National Security Act which allows detention without charges or trial for up to a year is also counterproductive while that will definitely make violent people think twice before assaulting health workers ordinary Muslims in UP who are already deeply distrustful of the Yogi government will now be even less forthcoming about their symptoms to health workers. Similarly by now we have all heard of [how 5000 migrant workers were sprayed with bleach]https//www.cnn.com/2020/03/30/india/indiamigrantworkerssprayedintl/index.html to disninfect them. After being treated this way do you think any of them will still come forward if they start showing symptoms. 108 Staff Of Delhi Hospital Quarantined For Exposure To COVID19 Patients. Dont Waste Time 8 Facts Before You Install Aarogya Setu App and Dont Catch Corona Virus. Patient Dead as Health Staff Fail to Find Key to Locked ICU at Hospital in MPs Ujjain News18. Coronavirus Outbreak LIVE updates Agreed to deploy full strength of IndiaUS partnership to fight COVID19 says Narendra Modi after phone call with Trump. Whatsapp university reached Italy. Punjab Government announces Rs 50 lakh insurance cover for policemen and sanitation workers.. Coronavirus Lockdown Odisha govt sanctions Rs 54 lakh to feed stray animals. Found this on Facebook .. would like to know the views about this post. No hate please.. Found this on Facebook .. would like to know the views about this post. No hate please.. Found this on Facebook .. would like to know the views about this post. No hate please.. Around 75 of Coronavirus Patients in India are in Workingage Population of 2160 Years News18. Efforts began at Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi to spread coronavirus throughout the country. Most of the attendees of that event are untraceable. There seems to be corona Jihadi plan behind that meeting BJP MP Shobha Karandlaje in Chikmagalur Karnataka. Super spreader from Tablighi Jamaat links to 647 cases in two days.. Nearly 22000 Tablighi Jamaat members contacts quarantined across country MHA. Coroanvirus pandemic India this crisis opens up many possibilities says former chief economic advisor Arvind Subramanian . He throws light on some of the possibilities.. Do You Know 39 Things You Can Do to Keep Your Kids Safe at Home During COVID19 Outbreak 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Nobody Le modi. How India can increase the production of Personal Protective EquipmentPPE for doctors in this fight against Covid19: As we all know that there is a crisis of PPEs for doctors in this fight against Covid19. As part of PPEs doctors need to have face shields N95 masks protective gowns gloves and boots. What India can do right now to increase the production of PPEs and make it accessible to the hospitals. Cyber chiefs warning as hackers target PMs Covid fund. Kannur district in Kerala too tightens vigil along Kasargod borders. Two policemen injured while trying to enforce lockdown in Muzaffarnagar village No media showed this for obvious reasons. Do you know what does coronavirus do when it enters your body. Modis next video conference. He is right.. Data suggests that India may not lift Coronavirus lockdown restrictions until September. Uthale re deva utha le. Mereko nahi inn logo ko.. Something tells me this might be fake.... Data suggests that India will life the Coronavirus lockdown only in September. Out of the loop. Need some clarifications about the supposed role of the Tablighi Jamaat in spreading the infection.: Hi everyone. Hope all of you are safe and taking care of your loved ones. I zoned during the first few days of the lockdown and woke up one day to the news of the Tablighi Jamaat congregation being cited as a key factor in the increase in the number of COVID19 cases in India. This might ruffle some feathers so apologies in advance. Im just trying to understand the issue. From what I have gathered so far there are two reasons why this religious group is being held responsible. 1. Because of the purported violation of the lockdown and attending their religious event supposedly held on or before 15th March 2. Because of the violation of lockdown by the members of the Tablighi Jamaat as they continued to travel and did not come forward when asked to do so. The Delhi government suspended all religious gatherings on the 16th of March and the said congregation was only till the 15th of the said month. Please see a copy of the order below. https//preview.redd.it/1f168z74xsq41.pngwidth632ampformatpngampautowebpampsa31d622b02e2487d4b7ea261a047213d648aa487 Assuming that the preceding information is correct the chain of events was probably something like this 8th to 10th March Members of the Tabliighi Jammat congregated for their annual event. 13th March Delhi government issued [this order]https//pbs.twimg.com/media/EUaJjzX0AE8Eformatjpgampnamesmall banning sports gatherings beyond 200 people. 13th to 15th March As reported by various news outlets another gathering was held from 13th to 15th March. 16th March Delhi government issued the order banning religious gatherings of more than 50 people. Please see the order above. Now this is where I need help. If the order came on the 16th is it truly fair to hold them responsible Alternatively if the group met on or after 16th March please point me to the relevant source. Again I am not defending or blaming anyone. There is a lot of conflicting information everywhere and the narrative is not very clear. Highly likely that I missed out on some key piece of information please fill in the gaps wherever appropriate. I dont know what happened once the order dated 16th was passed and why is this sect being blamed Is it because of the refusal of its members to come forward I know what some religious leaders have said and I am also aware that the same views are not shared by the entire community. I am just looking for some factual clarity. Cheers.. What will happen after April 14 [ Lockdown ]: Vote below [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/futufu. Watch this Video To Checkout Top 10 Countries By Population. Watch How Rapidly Coronavirus COVID19 Is Spreading All Over the World Source World Health Organization WHO. Tamil Nadu Total cases till today485 Recovered 7 Deaths 3. 437 out of 485 is TablighiJamaath cluster. COVID19 testing treatment to be free of cost for Ayushman Bharat beneficiaries at pvt labs empanelled hospitals Govt. Two without symptoms test positive for COVID19 in Kerala. docsneedgear Proposal for a Twitter storm tomorrow at 9pm: Is it possible for us to create a massive Twitter storm with the hashtag docsneedgear at the prescribed time tomorrow for lighting candles The same hashtag trended when PM gave his speech urging to light candles. We can share with friends and do it to make it more massive this time. Attaching relevant news articles will add value. Something like. Welcoming suggestions for more hashtags if needed [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusaround50medicalworkersinfectedbycovid19healthministryofficial2205153amp1ampakamairumoff]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusaround50medicalworkersinfectedbycovid19healthministryofficial2205153amp1ampakamairumoff. Doctors amp nurses to go on quarantine for 14 days at Taj after 7 days duty. Coronavirus Twins born during India lockdown named Corona and Covid. For those wondering about the migrants who headed back to their native places... I made a command line app to get Covid19 updates for India in your terminal.: Hey r/india I made a simple command line app to get covid19 updates for India in your terminal. It can show you the overall updates and statewise updates. I will probably add some more features soon. You can download the project from here https//github.com/aayushjaiswal/covidin P.s. It works on Linux and may work on macOS not tested. Windows is not supported. Any help/suggestions is appreciated so please do Please checkout the project its my first big project. Effect of Coronavirus COVID 19 on judicial systems . Assam to treat serious COVID patients of Arunachal Health Minister Alo Libang. Govt places order for 10 crore hydroxychloroquine tablets with Ipca labs and Zydus Cadila. The news is going wild about Covid 19 cases and deaths but doctors of r/India is there any rush to hospitals as of today4/4/2020: [removed]. With Tabligh Jamaat India has found the perfect scapegoat if things go south.: With the Tabligh Jamaat incident the infections definitely spread and saw a spike. I feel that we also have found the perfect scapegoat if things go bad in India. Every single person I spoke to has attributed the increase in number of cases to the Jamaat members.. Again and again ppl got downvoted for advising others to wear a mask now what do you have to say all you naysayers and sheeple : [removed]. Alternate version... There is a staggering amount of unfounded confidence among some people regarding COVID19: I was surprised talking to a few of my relatives yesterday. They seem to have an insane amount of confidence in the government and believe that we have it all under control. I was mentioning about the lack of testing in India to my dad last night. He was strongly defending the government. That we have done exceptionally well in containing the spread and no more testing is required. And there is this bizarre idea that Indians have better immunity. Most of them think things will get back to normal in a month. What are your parents and relatives thoughts on it. Start testing. One More Thing PM Didnt Think About Shashi Tharoor Hits Out. BMC in Mumbai has identified Containment Zones with Live Maps for Covid19 affected Zones.. Aarogya Setu a governmentlaunched app that can assess your risk of contracting COVID19 based on your selfreported symptoms and location. What do you think about this and the information the government will be collecting about you through it. COVID 19 death reported in India Coronavirus update. A mother walking 475 kms with her daughters from Delhi to Kanpur amidst Coronavirus Lockdown. Lockdown helping nature. Coronavirus Test On Myself By Dhruv Rathee. PLEASE SAVE THE FRONT LINE WORKES: [removed]. Lighting lamps on Sunday will kill COVID19 virus due to heat Karnataka BJP MLA. A Mother amp Her Daughters Walk 475km to Their Home in Kanpur Amidst the Coronavirus Lockdown. No answers no access no accountability Journalists struggle to get information from the government as Covid19 crisis worsens. Why arent people understanding the gravity of this situation we are in Cant religious gatherings be delayed. I analyzed the COVID19 data from India. Data source Johns Hopkins University github repository. Look how scary the graph looks and how well the existing data points fit on it. StayHome amp Play WithMe Ft AnushkaSen Lockdown Video 250. Ramayan actually did.. lights candle. CORONAVIRUS India should Prepare for the Worst. When masks are in short supply and you need to stretch your resources. Because of Covid19 alcohol isnt available. So how do you deal with family members who are alcoholic: Alcohol withdrawal can kill you and its a shame that the state of alcoholics havent been kept in mind when the lockdown started. If you have family members who are showing signs of withdrawal how are they coping up and how are you helping them On the contrary how is the general atmosphere in a house where a member of the family is alcoholic What problems did you face in childhood or if you know someone who faced any If someone became sober or saw someone become sober how did you/they do it I have been around people who drink but never around an alcoholic. Do they get enough help and support in our country Have someone been to an addiction center. Lifting of lockdown depends on compliance to norms Maha CM India News Times of India. Prevention is cute than Betterness Mamata Banerjee. Strategies to deal with depression and anxiety during the corona virus strategies from a psychiatrist video in Urdu/Hindi. World Suffering Due To Chinas Coronavirus Conspiracy. New York Times Doing Negative Reporting Against India During Corona Pandemic. Coronavirus All you need to know Hindi. Politicians Divert mask PPE from doctors to VIP Use. Politicitians Divert mask PPE from doctors to VIP Use. UP Dalit Youth Found Hanging From Tree After Allegedly Being Beaten up by Cops. Testing Update 3rd April 10034 tests were day in 24 hours. Testing has finally been ramped up.: gt SARSCoV2 COVID19 Testing Status Update 03 April 2020 900 PM IST gt A total of 69245 samples have been tested as on 03 April 2020 9 PM IST. 2653 individuals have been confirmed positive among suspected cases and contacts of known positive cases in India. gt Today on 03 April 2020 till 9 PM IST 10034 samples were tested and reported. Of these 575 were positive for SARSCoV2. Source https//icmr.nic.in/sites/default/files/whatsnew/ICMRtestingupdate03April9PMIST.pdf. Tablighi Jamaat has ruptured Indias Coronavirus shield India Coronavirus. Trial ball thhi.. India warned to prepare for an outbreak after first coronavirus death reported in one of Asias biggest slums: [removed]. Before and after the coronavirus lockdown. This is what busy sites including the Taj Mahal and the Great Wall of China now look like as crowds disappear during the COVID19 pandemic.. Begin a gradual lifting of the lockdown. Discrimination amid pandemic Pakistan refuses to give food to Hindus as coronavirus rages. fucc it commit grid failure. fucc it commit grid failure. The world after Covid19 Unless we are alert the pandemic could become the last nail in individualisms coffin. So it begins. Kohli to Mary Kom Sportspersons donate to fight Coronavirus pandemic in India. 16yearold in Chhattisgarh tests positive for coronavirus total tally at 10. Tablighi Jamaat member dies in Villupuram hospital Chennai News Times of India. ANI Digital via Twitter AIIMS docs COVID19 positive wife delivers infectionfree healthy baby. Tweet See new Tweets Tweet ANI Digital anidigital 1h AIIMS docs COVID19 positive wife delivers infectionfree healthy baby ANI Digital via Twitter. MP 26k in home quarantine in Morena after 12 COVID19 cases. This is indeed worth forwarding on Whats app.. This is indeed worth forwarding on Whats app.. This is indeed worth forwarding on Whats app.. Should Everyone Wear Face Mask. 800plus foreign Jamaat workers found hiding in Delhi mosques trigger Covid19 alarm. SDRMF Maharashtra Gets Lions Share at Rs 1611 crore Kerala a Paltry Rs 157 Crore. Covid19 Crisis Govt Launches Arogya Setu App Experts Flag Privacy Concerns. What can we do about this. Coronavirus India corona update live 3086 Cases and 86 Deaths Situation is alarming.... India worlds largest coronavirus Covid19 lockdown continues. People seen flouting lockdown rules in Tenkasi a town in Tamil Nadu. Enroll your ideas and help fight this monster.: [removed]. Narendra Modi April 5th 9 pm India: [removed]. Wait a min... Deepak.. My friend made this video as a fun reminder for those who still dont want to practice socal distancing or abide by the quarantine. Hope you enjoy. ah yes hell save us. Stay Home Stay Safe Proximity Immigration. Gujarat sees increased demand for cow urine amid COVID19 scare. We are fighting not only epidemic but also infodemic. Register yourself: I recommend Aarogya Setu app to fight against COVID19. Please download and share it using this link Android https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidnic.goi.aarogyasetu iOS https//apps.apple.com/in/app/aarogyasetu/id1505825357 The app is real and legit. Give a background check yourself. Please get yourself registered on it. Help the government get better statistics and eventually help eachother.. Register yourself: I recommend Aarogya Setu app to fight against COVID19. Please download and share it using this link Android https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidnic.goi.aarogyasetu iOS https//apps.apple.com/in/app/aarogyasetu/id1505825357 The app is real and legit. Give a background check yourself. Please get yourself registered on it. Help the government get better statistics and eventually help eachother.. REGISTER YOURSELF: I recommend Aarogya Setu app to fight against COVID19. Please download and share it using this link Android https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidnic.goi.aarogyasetu iOS https//apps.apple.com/in/app/aarogyasetu/id1505825357 The app is real and legit. Give a background check yourself. Please get yourself registered on it. Help the government get better statistics and eventually help eachother.. Anyone who has spent any time with Tablighis knows that their conservatism extends to extreme propriety around women. Stories about their lewdness ring false. And attempts to tar Muslims in general are beyond despicable.. Covid19 lockdown Rise in domestic violence police apathy NCW. Madhya Pradesh Man Who Threw A Feast For 1500 Tests Coronavirus. Coronavirus India Amid COVID19 Worry Governments DIY Steps For Homemade Masks For All. Air India Stops Bookings Till April 30. Poke fun at taali thaali diya and mombatti all you want. Modi couldnt care less. Science teacher from my school. Science teacher from my school. Street Dog also Join in Gratitude Act For Covid19B amp H World Dude Perfect Bro. Delhi hospital staff come in contact with 2 Covid19 patients 108 quarantined. A father calls his son and father no doctor giving care for COVID19 he died the next day. Bhai Nirmal Singh was awarded a person by President of India.. Only through the prism of science. Scenic Drone Shoot of Mumbai during Coronavirus Lockdown Mumbai Live. The stunning beauty of less crowded London. Coronavirus India lockdown Day 11 live updates Over 3100 confirmed cases reported as death toll touches 94. Myth busters covid19 coronavirus. 19 More cases in India. When religious people gather to fight against corona.. Everyone know. How to spot if the forwarded image or video is fake. Modis NineMinute Blackout Call on Sunday Will Keep Indias Power Industry on its Toes. Hindi translated video of vox medias why we must wash our hands for 20 seconds with soap.. A simple projection of COVID19 in India. Although its scary that its working.. Bloody social media Another excuse to demonise Muslims.. Thousands of litres of cow urine consumed in Gujarat daily. All India Scheduled Caste amp Scheduled Tribes Railway Employees Association donate 70 crores towards Prime Ministers Relief Fund to deal with the global Epidemic of Corona virus.: [removed]. Bigg Boss is a genius. All India Scheduled Caste amp Scheduled Tribes Railway EMployees Associatiation donates 70 crores towards Prime Miniters Relief Fund to deal with the global Epidemic of Corona virus.: All India Scheduled Caste amp Scheduled Tribes Railway EMployees Associatiation donates 70 crores towards Prime Miniters Relief Fund to deal with the global Epidemic of Corona virus. []https//pbs.twimg.com/media/EUICA6jU8AErJ6oformatjpgampname900x900 source https//twitter.com/bahujanwarrior/status/1243558671604383744. Oil giants meet at White House amid talk of buying strategic reserves:  [https//thehill.com/policy/energyenvironment/491111oilgiantsmeetatwhitehouseamidtalkofbuyingstrategic]https//thehill.com/policy/energyenvironment/491111oilgiantsmeetatwhitehouseamidtalkofbuyingstrategic. Assam unit of the All India Bank Officers Confederation opposes banks normal functioning amid Covid outbreak:  The Assam unit of the All India Bank Officers Confederation AIBOC has opposed Assams state level bankers committee SLBC notification announcing normal functioning of the banks amidst the global outbreak of COVID19. Read more at [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/assamunitoftheallindiabankofficersconfederationopposesbanksnormalfunctioningamidcovidoutbreak/articleshow/74973593.cmsutm\sourcecontentofinterestamputm\mediumtextamputm\campaigncppst]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/assamunitoftheallindiabankofficersconfederationopposesbanksnormalfunctioningamidcovidoutbreak/articleshow/74973593.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. 647 coronavirus positive cases in two days linked to Tablighi Jamaat:  Over 95 of the [coronavirus]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/coronavirus cases reported over the last two days in India have been found to have links with the [Tablighi Jamaat]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/topic/TablighiJamaat congregation in Delhi.. Mumbai has most cases as weve tested 10000 Kerala tested 8000 BMC chief. India doctors attacked and spat at. Doctors say India must prepare for an onslaught as one of Asias biggest slums reports first coronavirus death. Explained Grid challenges to the Sunday night blackout plan. Fight against Corona Rap by NITZ NARANG. Shah Rukh Khan lends hand to coronavirus fight on several fronts. Kamalhaasan I also looked forward to the Prime Minister speaking. He comes to the torch that we have ever held as a solution to the shortage of security the supply of essential goods the livelihood of the poor the future economic activity.. Police caught Nizam Uddin Marakaza return. Did not surrender for check up. Put community in trouble.. Government response to COVID19: Preface This is my personal opinion and not an official statement from the Government. Hi there I work with the government. From my cursory understanding of topvoted frontpage posts it seems to me that /r/India is either not fully aware or wilfully ignorant of the governments positive policy and implementation towards the Coronavirus epidemic. In either case the echo chamber nature of subreddits makes this problematic. Im here to direct yall towards some sources which can help allay fears and make you help us help you. ampx200B The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has frequent pressconference with the Joint Secretary Ministry of Health the Director General DG of the Indian Council of Medial Research the DG of Press Information Bureau the DG of the National Informatics Center and the Joint Secretary Ministry of Home Affairs. These updates/briefings/press conferences answer questions from spread to PPEs to production to logistics to even Ministers claims. [Updates on 3.4.2020]https//youtu.be/TotkDuaYOQ [Press Conference on 2.4.2020]https//youtu.be/nePeKV2rg [Press Conference on 31.3.2020]https//youtu.be/J85Y6Zw7Qa0 [Press Conference on 30.3.2020]https//youtu.be/NsUPuWnjjA [Press Conference on 28.3.2020]https//youtu.be/RZhc2iLvzk [Media Briefing on 27.3.2020]https//youtu.be/pl4j6IIUopw [Media Briefing on 23.3.2020]https//youtu.be/aDRQJSQl0 [Media Briefing on 12.3.2020]https//youtu.be/IE3Co3IQSOc Day before yesterday the Government shared statistics related to current stocks and future projections for procurements of N95 masks ventilators PPEs and Medicine during the PMs meeting with all CMs. They are available here. It also discusses speedy procurement. It is available [here]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/govtpushesspeedysourcingofprotectivegearmedicalitems6344860/. Daily updates are provided through the Press Information Bureau either on their [twitter]https//twitter.com/PIBIndia or on their [official website]https//pib.gov.in/AllRelease.aspx where you can sort by Ministry of Health or on their 24h dailyupdated [bulletin]https//pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspxPRID1610771 which amalgamates information from all Union Government sources. Some miscellaneous issues that I would like to address 1. Migrant workers while stuck in a difficult position are now being attended to by State Governments using money from the State Disaster Management Funds for room and board. 2. The lockdown is meant to buy time to formulate a postlockdown strategy. Ideally each state would have a mobile team of health workers who would attend to localised outbreaks of the virus Eg. Nizamuddin in Delhi. 3. The Government has ramped up testing from \3000/day on 1.4.2020 to \8000/day on 3.4.2020 and is on its path to increasing further. 4. Deriding the PMs exhortions towards appreciating essential workers or lighting a lamp is extremely immature. Dont do it if you dont want to. I understand the slight that urban upper class privilege feels when asked to acknowledge the importance and significance of others especially those below them. But both of the Prime Ministers requests serve essential needs 1. Clapping Appreciating frontline workers who are risking the health of their families and themselves to stop the virus from spreading. Of course clapping isnt the only way of expressing your support and gratitude but no one forced you anyway. Any charges of the PM being a ringmaster and citizens being compliant monkeys stems simply from whatever latent insecurities you have. 2. Lighting Lamps In this unprecedented crisis each citizen is dealing with anxiety and deteriorating mental health. Many are away from their family. Many are going hungry. Engaging in a collective lamp lighting exercise gives hope. It provides essential psychological comfort and a sense of security by displaying that all 1300000000 of us are together against this crisis. Finally I would say that in this time of national calamity and crisis it is our duty as citizens to come together in solidarity and work towards the national directive. The best part is that the Government operates on the basis of feedback and consultation. Government notifications are amended based on petitions by citizens civil society and industry groups. For example exempting the movement of all goods from earlier just essential goods.. Kolkata 76yearold 8 others set to be discharged Kolkata News Times of India. BJP chief Nadda cautions party leaders Dont give corona a communal twist. Fishy quarantine vs confirmed cases in TN map. On a lighter note. Prime Time April 03 2020 Doctors From US UK Speak To Ravish Kumar About COVID19. Who did this. Kerala receives first batch of RTPCR testing kits for Covid19. A Cluster Of Coronavirus Cases Can Be Traced Back To A Single Mosque And Now 200 Million Muslims Are Being Vilified. How we stop this. Chinas ultimate achievement. Is it just me or surprisingly none of these incidents contributed to any COVID19 cases.. Is it just me or surprising none of these incidents contributed to any COVID19 cases.. Banks are going to become a hotbed for Corona Virus Infection. Situation will be more fatal than that of any religious gatherings.: This is going to be long but its necessary to put all facts clearly. TLDR Gov announces stupid DBT Bankers are scared for dear life people are starting flocking banks in thousands possibility of infection rises exponentially. Many Bankers and People are gonna get sick or die. Just want to direct some attention toward a section of essential service which is seldom talked about in good terms yet it stands at the forefront in this pandemic. Banks are open. Yes for a few days the timings were reduced to 4 hours but timings are back to normal now. All staff have been told to present in full strength and told to work amid the fear of contracting the virus. Most of you reading this may not have visited a Bank Branch located in semi urban or rural areas RuSU . The Banking environment is vastly different in rural or semi urban branches as compared to Metro or big cities branches. Semi urban branches are located at Taluka/tehsil level and rural branches are located at Rural places. Most people in urban areas use digital means to carry out their banking needs but thats not the case in RuSU areas. These RuSU branches have huge footfall owing to the least digitally literate demographic residing in these areas. Bigger the PSB greater the footfall. Amidst this lockdown Bank people are told to work and keep essential services running such as cash transactions ATM replenishment among others which is ok to an extent. Now heres the catch on one hand our PM asks people to stay at home to contain the spreading but on other hand FM launches a scheme called PM Gareen kalyan scheme which announces some direct cash benefit to jan dhan women account holder as well as pensioners. All this money is going to come in these accounts. Keep in mind that you cant expect people to act rationally especially in RuSU areas. Now what is happening is that huge swathes of people have started visiting branches without checking their eligibility as they must have watched someone shouting in a random news channel about gov distributing money. For Bankers it brings back the haunted memory of Demonetization crowd. Bank management has told the Branch personnel to equip themselves with sanitizer masks as well as make sure people maintain proper distance. First thing premises of most of these RuSU branches is pathetic. Most of these are in dilapidated state and only a bunch of people can stand comfortably at a time in branch. So its not possible to handle the huge crowd that is swarming these branches. Combining with the fact that people are getting restless and anyone with a passbook is rushing pushing and shoving to get inside and near the counter only to be told that he is not eligible or the funds have not arrived yet. A few Bankers in a branch are expected to handle thousands in a day which is very tiring and depressing if you think about it. But the main thing is it is impossible to maintain social distance among the crowd. I mean how will you manage to maintain the social distancing among the crowd of 1000. So now a single person with virus will unknowingly spread it to hundreds among those thousands and then these hundreds will then infect their families. Needless to say that many bankers will contract the virus as they will be dealing with the cash the pass book among others. One more thing its not a one time exercise our great great FM has made sure that people come three times in three months to withdraw Rs 500 each time so that the lucky ones who got spared the first time get infected the other couple of times. This is in my personal opinion such a bad decision that I literally have no words to explain the absurdity of it. Whats the purpose of lockdown when you are allowing Crores of people to get out of their homes and gather at one place Is it different than any religious gathering thats been a hot topic from couple of days now I am so aghast that no one is talking about it. You may ask then what would these poor people eat if they dont have money. For this my answer would be people dont eat money. Have the gram panchayat through PDS distribute the food free of cost. Have peoples medical need met free of cost through ASHA workers etc who resides in the villages. I mean there are many alternatives to cash. When people will have food to eat and health to be taken care of then they wont need to go outside and they will then be saving themselves and their community from the infection. No need to emphasize that after Doctors Bankers right now are the second most vulnerable section to get infected. But nobody hardly acknowledges that. This is sad. I am sure that this senseless decision of government will come back to bite them back and many people will lose their lives.. Survey: [removed]. Can we just stop all the hate during a fucking pandemic: [removed]. Dont you get angry when people are trying to defend/support the Tablighi jamat Muslims and try to justify their acts.: They did not listen to the govt the police and they still held their gathering. And thats not the worst part they frickin spit on doctors and tried to spread it even further they made obscene comments on nurses and are not at all cooperating with the doctors Some people are saying hindu also gathered and I condemn that but they didnt do this type of shit like spitting on doctors. Stop trying to justify them And I also heard people pelted stones on doctors I dont know who were they but they should suffer for their acts This post might get deleted coz their are a lot of anti humans in this r/India and this truth might hurt some of them. Air India has now suspended 61 pilots despite central governments directions. the pilots have been temporarily disengaged amid the coronavirus lockdown.. Lockdown helps Hyderabad flyover projects zoom ahead. India mentioned in this video: [removed]. Ruining twins life for fame slow claps. covid19india.org has stopped showing the Clusters Tab: This is just me speculating. But there was a really well designed and implemented Clusters view on https//www.covid19india.org/ which is this subreddits preferred website for up to the hour COVID19 updates in India. Its now gone. Probably because its too hard to keep track anymore. There are 500 new cases a day now and clusters are not trackable. If anything is a sign of drastic Community Transmission this is it. Rant over.. HELP ARUNACHAL PRADESH: [removed]. Operation Sanjeevani India sends 6.2 tonnes of medical assistance to Maldives amidst COVID crisis. Coronavirus A peek into Mumbais Containment Zones. Scenic Drone Shoot of Mumbai during Coronavirus Lockdown Mumbai Live. HIV Researcher Gita Ramjee Dies of Complications Tied to COVID19. Rations are coming to an end for migrant labourers in bihar. Attack on Medical Staffs. Latest from Whatsapp University PM following WHO lockdown procedure Who comes up with this shit: Please remove if not approved. Looks like rules require the source but what to do with a Whatsapp forward WORLD HEALTH ORGANISATION PROTOCOLampPROCEDURE OF LOCKDOWN PERIODS FOR CONTROLLING ON MOST DANGEROUS VIRUS STEP 1 1 DAY. STEP 2 21 DAYS. AFTER 5 DAYS. STEP 3 28 DAYS. AFTER 5 DAYS. STEP 4 15 DAYS. The sameway our Indian governments are follow MAR221 DAY TRIAL LOCKDOWN MAR24APR14 21 DAYSFIRST LOCKDOWN APRIL15 APRIL19 RELAX FROM LOCKDOWN. APR20 MAY 18 28DAYSSECOND LOCKDOWN INCASECovid19 patient ratio is Zero Withdraw the LOCKDOWN. Otherwise May19 May 24 Relax from LOCKDOWN. May 25 June 10 15 days FINAL LOCKDOWN.. Lockdown enforced when they were at sea so more than a lakh of fishers now wait in deep waters. He got some killer genes. India lockdown How the worlds largest coronavirus lockdown is unfolding. COVID19 positive cases swell to 24 in Assam. 23 out of 24 cases connected to Nizamuddin Markaz. Now more work to Powermen. Due to PM Modis call for switching off of lights for 9 mins on April 5 load is expected to have a steep fall at 9 PM amp a steep rise around 9.09 PM. To keep Power Grid safe load shedding in staggered manner from 89 PM is advised. Men on standby.. Odisha Complete Lockdown Community Transmission: [removed]. Dont fall for the rumours/unscientific reasoning on the appeal for lightning Diya/candles/flash/torch on 5th April at 9pm.. Nations with Mandatory TB Vaccines Show Fewer Corona Virus Deaths: This is a ray of hope I guess There has been lot of discussion around this and now the intial studies and indicating theres a correlation. Hopefully this is correct and the further studies being conducted will shed more light on this. [https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20200402/fewercoronavirusdeathsseenincountriesthatmandatetbvaccine]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20200402/fewercoronavirusdeathsseenincountriesthatmandatetbvaccine ampx200B. Adaptation. Odisha Complete Lockdown Community Transmission Part2. Odisha Complete Lockdown Community Transmission Part1. The police has asked for names numbers emails of admins of WhatsApp groups of all Hospital staff at Safdarjung Hospital. The clampdown on doctors is just as bad as the clampdown on media all the while Modi is pretending to pray amp clap for doctors. Machiavellian.. PM Modis 9min Blackout Call Power Grid Managers in Alert Mode for Ensuring Grid Stability. The police has asked for names numbers emails of admins of all WhatsApp groups of all Hospital at Safdarjung Hospital. The clampdown on doctors is just as bad as the clampdown on media all the while Modi is pretending to pray amp clap for doctors. Machiavellian.: [deleted]. Total Coronavirus positive cases in Assam increases to 23.. Air quality improves amid lockdown in India. 225 people with link to Tablighi Jamaat meet placed under quarantine in Bengal Official Kolkata News Times of India. No Ayurveda did not cure Prince Charles of Covid19 office denies claims of AYUSH minister. India Activates Its Military Assets for Efforts Against COVID19 in Indian Ocean. Please Stop the propaganda against the Tableeghi Jamaat NOW: [removed]. Corona cases in India state wise Over 2500 positive cases in India 62 deaths India News Times of India. Karnataka Police bans all vehicles until April 14. Dire straits: [removed]. Musings of a bored quarantined doctor.: I work in one of the big private hospitals treating COVID in Delhi. One of our nursing staff turned positive COVID19. I shared a shift with him and had a chat for an extended period now Im quarantined bored and a little scared. Was playing around with WhatsApp status in the morning making fun of the policies how when we need more medical supplies and personal protection equipment to save lives the government is making arrangements for the end with keeping you locked up close to family and showing you Ramayana. Some people had a problem with that ended up arguing with me 2 of which turned into a fight. Both of them either told me that I shouldnt be complaining or the way I am criticising about is wrong. Both of them ended up telling me how I think similar to Jamat people and how I should just shut up and do my job also how everybody else is doing their jobs and making India proud while Im just criticising. One of them ended up attacking me personally and hence I blocked him and the other one ended up blocking me since I wasnt respectful of the elders. I thought I was just expressing my scepticisms and was being creative but supposedly even working hard under lifethreatening conditions avoidable doesnt give you the right to criticise the government. \\\\/ Also yes even private hospitals have shortages of protective equipment. Edit 2 words.. Should we eat mud and stones here in the city Its better that we go back to our village. These painful word given by daily earning migrant labour of india. Due to Corona virus outbreak. sign petition asking the Central governments and state governments to coordinate a rescue and relief operation.. Online grocery delivery in group for societies in India:  NoBroker.com along with bigbasket.com has powered online grocery delivery in group for societies using NoBroker HOOD app. Today first set of deliveries were done Thanks to all our CommunityHeroes for volunteering Reach out to 9119300000 to have your society listed on [NoBrokerHood.com]http//nobrokerhood.com/ toughtimes communitybuying stay\home. Online grocery delivery in group for societies in India: [removed]. Mera Bharat Mahan. NoBroker.com along with bigbasket.com has powered online grocery delivery in group for societies using NoBroker HOOD app.. FAQs for DDU BBDJ yojana this Sunday 9pm. Fake videos behind attack on health team in Indore 4 booked under NSA. Got this message from a friend Whatsapp university jindabad. Fruit vendor LICKS oranges before selling them. This is going out of control now.. Bengalurus workers suffer as Karnatakas response to COVID19 marked by delays inefficiency. 1800 people stranded in Uttarakhand to return to Gujarat in 28 buses. WTH Lockdown may fail just due to this small event. These guys have spread the virus all over India. Assam had 0 cases last week now it has 16 all went to this event.. April 5th be like. 5th April at 900 pm.: [deleted]. Its going to be stink . Government may borrow Rs 40k crore as cashstrapped states seek funds. Shit going on in my WhatsApp.. Fucking Stupid People. Dont Do This. Haters will say its fake. Centre approves Rs 11092 cr to support states fight against coronavirus from Centres share of State Disaster Relief Fund. Aarogya Setu a COVID19 tracker Appinforms you if you come in close proximity with positive casesAarogya Setu a COVID19 tracker Appinforms you if you come in close proximity with positive cases. No I cant sleep until I feel your touch. No I cant sleep until I feel your touch: [deleted]. No I cant sleep until I feel your touch: [deleted]. Coronavirus Village officials find quarantine hard to enforce. Reason and logic behind the Indian PMs lighting candles initiative. Devotees defying lockdown dispersed at Rajasthan dargah. COVID19 India Sees Record Spike of 478 Cases in 24 Hours. Pick your daily bread just leave cash in the box. Goa Govts Messy Lockdown Leaves People Fighting Over Supplies Paramilitary On Streets 13 days into a lockdown in the state residents are still struggling to access essentials supplies such as food and medicines.. 102 new Covid19 cases in Tamil Nadu states tally reaches 411. Tabligh Jamaat members misbehave with nursesUP govt to invoke NSA. Im a citizen of the Republic of India not a clown to perform to the tune of the ringmaster: Im a citizen of the Republic of India not a clown to perform to the tune of the ringmaster In many countries daily press briefings are held to inform the people about the state of preparedness against COVID19. Questions are asked by the Press. We are being asked to perform antics. I want to know about availability of PPE for doctors nurses and health staff. I want to know how many hospitals ventilators ICUs are ready. I want to know if COVID19 testing will be made accessible and affordable. I want to know about Govt arrangements to feed the daily wagers homeless the unemployed. I want to know who and how the food and medical needs of the migrant workers are being addressed. I want to know how farmers will cope with this distress. I want to know how women will escape domestic violence trapped in their homes. I want to know what is being done to enable trans persons and sex workers to survive this period of lockdown. I have many many many more questions for Modi sarkar. How about the Govt shedding light on these issues Knowledge and information creates light and spreads prakash I repeat Im a citizen of the Republic of India not a clown to perform to the tune of the ringmaster \ Vrinda Grover Lawyer. strict action against those who misbehave with doctors. union minister VK Singh has hit out at members of the Tablighi Jamaat for allegedly misbehaving with nurses. the minister said that strict action will be taken against the accused in the case and urged everyone to cooperate with doctors.. In Delhi a Masjid and Gurudwara come together to feed workers starved by COVID19 lockdown. Tablighi Jamaat members misbehave with nurses UP govt to invoke NSA: [removed]. Tablighi Jamaat members misbehave with nurses UP govt to invoke NSA: [removed]. Is china responsible for spreading the coronavirus INDIAS18 Cor.... Tablighi Jamaat members misbehave with nurses UP govt to invoke NSA: [removed]. Tablighi Jamaat members misbehave with nurses UP govt to invoke NSA: [removed]. Tablighi Jamaat members misbehave with nurses UP govt to invoke NSA: [removed]. Today 102 positive cases reported in Tamil Nadu out of them 100 people had participated in Tableeghi Jamaat event in Delhi. Total number of positive cases in the state stands at 411out of them 364 had participated in Delhis Jamaat event Beela RajeshState Health Secy. We Lost 5 Weeks Due to Delayed Govt Response PPE Manufacturers. Hungry desperate India virus controls trap its migrant workers. Dont be revolutionaries Doctors protesting coronavirus safety gear shortage warned by hospitals. India is on the same trajectory as some of the worst hit countries US UK Spain Italy France. This isnt over yet. staysafestayhome. Coronavirus Testing in India: Does anyone have accurate data on where we can see how many people in India are being tested for COVID The US has this site [https//covidtracking.com/]https//covidtracking.com/ It shows you total no. of tests how many positive negative. Is there something similar for India. Karnataka Stones were pelted at policemen when they forbade a group of people from offering Friday prayers at a mosque in Mantur Hubli. Some prominent people of the community also urged them to go to their homes but they got agitated says Police Commissioner R Dilip.. Asaduddin Owaisi slams PM Modi over light message says dont reduce our lives to gimmicks of 9 minutes. The 9 P.M clapping isnt a mere display of histrionics. Theres more to it.: The sheer amount of power this man possesses is unfathomable. It is actually terrifying. The ability to manipulate peoples minds make them follow his every command. Persuading the people of the nation to play with whatever tomfoolery he comes up with to conceal for his lack of proper planning and inefficacy of management towards the lockdown is just astounding. Like a monkey charmer makes his monkey do whatever he pleases. If he wants the monkey to clap itll clap. If he wants the monkey to do a flip itll to do a flip. It will patiently wait for orders from his beloved master for his next act and will happily please him. But even a monkey has an upper limit to which it could be pushed with us humans there isnt. On the 22nd of March When the one and only decide to pull off his greatest act so far...I was wondering what the general consensus of netizens was since I didnt hear a lot noise in my neighborhood. What I saw online was shocking to say the least. Most of the people who had recorded this collective act of stupidity and uploaded this on twitter/facebook were mostly about praising our Lord and Saviour Excuse me WHAT are u fucking serious almost every top post was acknowledging him for things like uniting the nation cheering up people during these hard times lifting the spirits him bringing us together magical moment and what not almost nobody gave a rats ass about the doctors or healthcare professionals in the front line people who were GENIUINELY putting their lives in danger of contracting the virus for the well being of the country. At first it might seem like just a harmless gesture. You could think what is the worse that could happen This is exactly where most of his masterstroke comes into play. He reinforces behavioral traits into his subjects to teach them to obey orders build trust and become the messiah of the land. One act at a time. Hes testing waters to what extent can he control his mob last experiment was huge success. This is some God tier psychological mind game in action here by the biggest mastermind in the History of Mankind.. MUMBAI The Taj group has opened their rooms at Hotel President Hotel Taj Mahal Colaba and Taj Lands End Bandra for BMC doctors working on COVID19 duty. Seen here are Bhabha Hospital Bandra doctors and nurses at Taj Lands End Bandra. Mumbai The Taj group has opened their rooms at Hotel President Hotel Taj Mahal Colaba and Taj Lands End Bandra for BMC doctors working on COVID19 duty See here Bhabha Hospital Bandra doctors and nurses at Taj Lands End Bandra.: [deleted]. Govt. launches app to crack coronavirus infections.. Coronavirus Kerala gets rapidPCR testing kits from Pune. Misinformed Indians are abandoning their pets for fear of contracting coronavirus. Tamil Nadu Records 102 New Coronavirus Cases 100 of Them Took Part in Tablighi Jamaats Delhi Meet. As per your estimation how many people are likely to fall victim to Coronavirus in India after its all said and done based on how the government is taking measures: Consider the following factors before voting 1. Our massive population 2. The state of our health infrastructure 3. The low testing rate 4. Our demographics and the number of people having underlying conditions diabetes heart disease hypertension malnourishment cancer etc 5. The lack of compliance towards social distancing how many people do you think will unfortunately lose [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fu9ay3. Preach. The disconnect is very much intentional on his part.. COVID19 India Tracker The Wire Science. 1800 pilgrims from Gujarat stranded in Haridwar return in 28 luxury buses amid lockdown. Modi minions in full swing.. Is this true or fake news again has there been any concrete announcement made by Modi: Been seeing this on youtubes trending page and that to at 1. I tried a lot but not finding anything other than the staggered announcement. [https//www.youtube.com/watchvzhCvJnn\W1wampt38s]https//www.youtube.com/watchvzhCvJnnW1wampt38s. Coronavirus PM calls for 9 minute power switch off heres how Indias electricity sector is prepared. 9 Baje 9 Minute Meet Dr KK Agarwal who gave scientific argument to justify PMs appeal. Wow were doing really good according to the health minister despite the fact that we test 32 patients per million people.. Modern problems require Modern solutions.. Singapore PM speech: [removed]. Emergency Situations Preparedness 19: Emergency management is the organisation and management of the resources and responsibilities for dealing with all humanitarian aspects of emergencies. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using the military in civil and/or emergency situations like here https//articledirectory.org/article/717/40/EmergencySituationsPreparedness19. Yeah. No fucking shit. . Do You Know 37 Coronavirus May Result in Global Food Shortage so Hoarding all Food wont Help... 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . The Silent Bomb: [removed]. Lessons learned in past few days: [removed]. PETA India Award Honours Odisha Chief Minister for Allocating Funds to Feeding Community Animals During the Lockdown. WhatsApp University has gone ivy league. UP 22YearOld Dies by Suicide After Being Thrashed by Cop for Violating Quarantine. Vir Das on Twitter. Vir Das on Twitter. RSS workers come forward to help GB Road sex works amid Corona crisis.. Google COVID19 Community Mobility Report INDIA. Covid19 Tablighi Jamaat members who harassed UP hospital staff to be charged under NSA. COVID19 update in Assam 4 more people found positive total count stands at 20. Born during lockdown Raipur twins named Corona and Covid. I want my lost IQ back.. Guys this is deep science. You wouldnt understand it. Together by lighting diyas we can burn Corona away. Corona go. Nurses complain of misbehaviour by quarantined coronavirus suspects at Ghaziabad hospital. Tablighi Jamaat is just messed up. They need to ban such people.. It has begun. One more WhatsApp university explanation. 647 COVID19 Cases In Last 2 Days Linked To Islamic Sect Meet In Delhi. Go Corona. Corona virus lockdown days Completing a 3000 score in no internet game.. Virus will pass so will the opportunity Times of India. 10yrold shares pic of coronavirus in India. Indian Company Making Low Cost Ventilator: [removed]. Coronavirus Video of an undertrial in Mumbai falsely viral as Nizamuddin markaz attendee spitting at cop. ExIMA chief KK Aggarwal invokes pseudoscience to justify Narendra Modis call to light lamps. corona Is Jammat for now necessary Why Temples Church are closed.. Seriously. [thanks] to all the people who are out there making a difference and helping the needful during this pandemic.: [removed]. NSA to be slapped against persons who attack policemen enforcing Coronavirus lockdown in UP. 9baje9minute..found this on twitter. Kerala Healthcare Legend Exposed Amidst Coronavirus Pandemic. Snake oil peddlers out for sale..: People are coming up with insane claims like the below https//twitter.com/Ravipatl1707/status/1245948304682176513/photo/1 Meanwhile AYUSH min has released a announcement to stop spreading false claim. Why shouldnt these people be arrested at these times.. Wth. FIR against DSGMC for sheltering stranded Punjabis at Majnu Ka Tilla gurdwara. Air quality improves amid novel coronavirus lockdown in India. over 90 cities including Delhi recorded minimal air pollution in the last few days. the level of nitrogen oxide has considerably dropped by 43 in Pune 38 in Mumbai 50 in Ahmedabad.. Ten COVID19 India dashboards list: While MoHFW[https//www.mohfw.gov.in/]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ is the official one for coronavirus stats heres a list of decent 3rd party dashboards where you could get to see trends and a bit of analysis done other than just a bunch of numbers. 1. [https//www.covid19india.org/]https//www.covid19india.org/ 2. [https//datastudio.google.com/embed/u/2/reporting/671b02ec3d34431abb1a424c5b2e846a/page/BNaIB]https//datastudio.google.com/embed/u/2/reporting/671b02ec3d34431abb1a424c5b2e846a/page/BNaIB 3. [https//livecovid.in/]https//livecovid.in/ 4. [https//covindia.netlify.com/]https//covindia.netlify.com/ 5. [https//indiainpixels.xyz/corona/]https//indiainpixels.xyz/corona/ 6. [https//dronamaps.com/indiacorona.html/]https//dronamaps.com/indiacorona.html/ 7. [https//covid19.ideas2it.com/]https//covid19.ideas2it.com/ 8. [https//covid19.attentive.ai/]https//covid19.attentive.ai/ 9. [https//fightcorona.rajchandra.me/]https//fightcorona.rajchandra.me/ 10. [https//maps.mapmyindia.com/corona]https//maps.mapmyindia.com/corona. A interesting whatsapp message being shared right now what do you guys think:  The PMs speech is a combination of two shlokas tamaso ma jyotirgamaya lead me to light from darknessamp sahana vavatu sahanau bhunaktu let us work together. Struck the right note amp an acknowledgement of the suffering of the poor. PMs numerology 1. Came at 9am 2. Speech 9 mnts 3. 5th April 54 is 9 4. 9pm and 9 mnts 5. 9 days of lockdown today 6. 9 days will be left on 5th April 5 Apr 54 9 9 pm For 9 Min 9 number is Mars . Light Fire Mars Modi ji Activating energy of planet. 549 .9pm 9 minutes 3 multiplied by 927 .ie 27 9. Navgruha aaradhana means pleasing the nine planets to save life. I would like to know your opinions on this very interesting message please do share your concerns.. Tell me which one of you fuckers did this. Coronavirus Odisha News Odishas Bhubaneswar Bhadrak to be completely shut down for 48 hours on fears of community transmission. ExIMA chief KK Aggarwal invokes pseudoscience to justify Narendra Modis call to light lamps. Tweeted out by MyGovIndia and quickly deleted.. Visionary Leadership . Good News PhonePe Launches Corona Insurance. Is It For Real: As we all know that majority of the market is closed and down. Nobody has surplus money. Though the government helping for the treatment of coronavirus infected but still there are some expenses which are essential and has to be done by the patient or the family. To solve this the PhonePe launched a insurance policy Corona Care at just Rs. 156/ In my opinion this is good but Ive a question does the digital payment app can really provide medical insurance policy I got the information from a news site [https//thecourierdaily.com/phonepeinsurancepolicycoronavirus/17324/]https//thecourierdaily.com/phonepeinsurancepolicycoronavirus/17324/. Todays Modi Mantra pe Vichaar: Many of you might have seen todays news where our prime minister urged us to stand on our doorway or balconies and for nine minutes light a candle diya torch etc with an aim to fight the darkness spread by coronavirus with light and highlight the objective for which we all are fighting together on April 5. Even though I understand that to a certain degree action such as this might help in bringing a feeling of unity or showcasing solidarity in the fight of this pandemic among the common people but I believe that a better and perhaps a more sensible course of action could have been suggested by him. Many of us who watch these news are from middleclass family and know that many others are worse off than us presently. How about requesting people to leave some fooditems at their doorsteps or society gates. You dont have to donate a lot you can give enough for one mans meal for a time or maybe even a single fruit and even if you cant there is no problem. Just like the municipal corporation collects the garbage nowadays they can collect this too maybe the police patrolling cars can do so. Its just my personal opinion and there might be many better ideas. What do you guys think. Chaddi explains the true purpose of lighting diyas on 5th April. Chaddi explains the true purpose of lighting diyas on 5th April. Corona and People. It has begun. . Indian twins named after coronavirus Corona and Covid. It has begun. . Dharavi Mumbai has recorded its first coronavirus death. Dharavi is home to hundreds of thousands of people living in cramped conditions making physical distancing almost impossible.. My cousin just posted this smh. New Study Finds Evidence Hinting at Airborne Transmission of COVID19: https//twitter.com/i/events/1245729437313728520. FUNNY INDIAN TEXTING FLIRTING GIRLS DURING QUARANTINE. Turn of your Lights off at 9 Insta sir.creative. And so it begins. Lockdown Impact discussion : [removed]. Mice immunised by COVID19 vaccine Study. Vendors / Suppliers for masks and suits against Coronavirus for healthcare people: Pretty much the title what are some reasonable vendors and suppliers We contacted a few so far but they demand order be in 10000s which is infeasible for smallish hospitals. Anyone. Coronavirus Islamic Sect Tablighi Jamaat Members Face National Security Act For Obscene Conduct In UP Hospital. Master beam by modi ji. parody. Calling AYUSH Regulatory Authorities of State amp UT Administrations to take steps to stop false claims regard remedies for Covid19.. Practice Social Distancing . Practice Social Distancing . Practice social distancing . Modi ji ne bola hai. Sunday 9 PM. The number of cases in India is 1834 and the death toll is 41. Over 800000 people have been infected with the coronavirus across the globe with global death toll rising to 42000.. World Leaders addressing the press in the times of crisis.... [Coronavirus] Kerala Karnataka Border Issue Amid Coronavirus India Lockdown Please comment your support and thoughts below.. [AskIndia] Hello Doctors How to keep noses healthy how to make it more difficult for Corona virus to put its leg in human cells: Kindly provide home made remedies/cheap medication to keep our noses healthy and make it more difficult for Corona virus to land in human cells. ampx200B Jai Shri Ram.. Words of Wisdom. Words of wisdom. Asking for potential ideas we can implement together virtually to support everyone fighting COVID19 at the front lines in India.: Hey everyone I hope youre all doing well. So I am not sure if this is the right place for me to post this but Ill go on. With the increase in uncertainty and the harassment that the medical staff working at frontlines are receiving offlate I was wondering if we could do/create something to convey our support appreciation and gratitude to them I think its heroic what theyre doing and that theyre not backing down or giving up on us despite the different forms of torments theyre being subjected to. They definitely need all the support they can get and since it cannot be done physically I think we could do it virtually. The same can be extended to everyone whos working to keep us safe. Additionally we could also spread some positivity during these trying times since its just deaths cases and false info. being blared on TVs and whatsapp messages. So if anyone has any ideas on how we can go about this please suggest. I can draw and create digital illustrations and I am 100 ready to put these or whatever skills I can offer to support this cause. Also I was wondering if we could create a subreddit similar to r/CoronavirusSupport but for India Thank you for reading this huge wall of text. I appreciate any feedback suggestions and discussions. Take care stay safe and healthy. Tldr Can we collectively do something virtually to showcase our support and gratitude to all the people working at the frontlines during this pandemic If yes please suggest.. Save Electricity. Save Electricity. Spies hijacks and export bans the global battle for coronavirus equipment World news. Naik Cites Ayurveda Doctors Claim of Curing Prince Charles. Prince Charles cured by Ayurveda and Homeopathy. Having no faith in alternative medicine I call bullshit.. Couldnt resist posting this. Naya Gana: China started the Virus It was always evolving Since the worlds been turning We didnt start the Virus No we didnt light it But we tried to fight it.. Informing everyone that the Medical Council of India MCI has formulated new guidelines for registered medical practitioners to deliver telemedicine consultation to patients utilising various technologies. P.S Only for Residents of Maharashtra COVID19. COVID 19 Tabligi Jamaat 21 people found in Rajasthan positive 154 Corona patients. How credible is this I call bullshit.. Delhi government launches COVID19 chatbot on WhatsApp. ICMR recommends antibody test for speedy detection of COVID19 cases:  https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/icmrrecommendsantibodytestforspeedydetectionofcovid19cases/article31244392.ece. ICMR recommends antibody test for speedy detection of COVID19 cases:  https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/icmrrecommendsantibodytestforspeedydetectionofcovid19cases/article31244392.ece. World Bank to provide 1 billion worth of emergency financing support to India. The aid is to help India prevent detect and respond to the COVID19 pandemic and strengthen its public heal.. Full marks to the creativity level. lights off..: ampx200B [img]gc5lnuklrjq41 5th march turn off your light to fight... PM Narendra Modi appealed to the public to light a candle after clapping From Hema Malini to Anubhav Sinha this tweet.. Born During Lockdown Raipur Twins Named Corona And Covid. Modi Ji vs Bhakts. Prime Minister Modi they dont like you. Modijis Hotline Bling. Go Corona. Modis fight against coronavirus. Nashik police arrested the man in the tiktok video in which he licked and wiped nose on currency notes. Great action: [removed]. Absolute state of Indian Media. IIT professor from WhatsApp University.. Going to destroy the COVID19 darkness. 9 am 9 degrees.. Social Distancing. Homoeopathic ayurvedic medicines cured Prince Charles of Covid19 Shripad Naik Times of India. Science behind Shri Aadarnikye PM Narendra Modis announcement to Covid19.: PM Shri Narendra Modiji has announced Citizens of Bharat to turn off lights and light candles and mobile flashlight on 5th April exactly at 9 PM for 9 minutes. This is a masterstroke and according to science this is an effective step to fight SARSCoV2 also known as coronavirus which is causing Covid19 around the world. According to research conducted by a group of secret Quantum Soviet scientists during the Cold War a human is least metabolically active at around 15 minutes after dinner when the whole body is involuntarily processing the kind of food that it has consumed. During this process the metabolic activities slow down and antibodies shut down to reduce the consumption of oxygen which is required for processing of food. This is the moment a human body is most vulnerable from the attack of microbes like bacteria protozoa viruses etc. According to the trend in the maximum hike of confirmed positive cases of Covid19 on 24th March it was 903 PM on 25th March it was 905 PM on 26th it was 906 PM on 27th it was 903 PM similar trend for next days. So the maximum hike takes place between 903 PM to 908 PM and it is because our body is most vulnerable at this time and viruses have learned of this given the history so we need to attack when they are least expecting. In order to fight this SARSCoV2 Modi is said to light candles and mobile flashlightsnot typical old age torches. A candle is made of Paraffin wax whose chemical composition comprises are of hydrocarbons such as hentriacontane ie C31H64 which has very special property of melting instead of disintegrating like paper or wood. A Candle typically burns at 1000C which is way above the temperature a microbe can survive. Now lets look at the flashlights mainly the mobile flashlight. Mobile phones which run on Lithiumion batteries the batteries which are infamous for catching fire. If we light these flashlights continuously for 9 minutes then they already heat up and chances of catching fire increases exponentially and we can use this to kill viruses. As we celebrated the Janta Curfew of 22nd March by bursting crackers banging Thalis and clapping around half of the viruses are dead and because of the vibrations of sound waves the rest of the viruses are dizzy. They cant handle the noise above 69db. Between 22nd March and 5th April there are 14 days the number of days a human body requires to show symptoms of Covid19 ie these viruses too will be dizzy for atleast 14 days. Now these dizzy viruses when seeing a light source just like insects they will be attracted to it but since the light source is a candle that can burn them or a mobile flashlight which can explode then all the viruses will die of fire. Modiji has said this is to show unity we can unitedly light candles and flashlights to kill these viruses exponentially which grows exponentially. The time and date and duration are chosen Modiji ne kiya hai toh kuch soch ke hi kiya hoga because of as explained above. United We Stand Jai Aryavarta.. Light candles diyas at 9 pm this Sunday to mark coronavirus fight PM Narendra Modi:  [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/pmnarendramodioncoronaviruslockdown166274720200403]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/pmnarendramodioncoronaviruslockdown166274720200403. All Covid 19 updates of Delhi:  Hello this thread aims to contain all relevant updates and discussions regarding pandemic novel corona virus situation across Delhi region. Useful websites [https//mobile.twitter.com/i/events/1240662046280048646]https//mobile.twitter.com/i/events/1240662046280048646 [https//www.aiims.edu/en.html]https//www.aiims.edu/en.html [https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX1vSc\2y5N0I67wDU38DjDh35IZSIS30rQf7\NYZhtYYGU1jJYT6\kDx4YpFqw0LSlGsBYP8pqM\a1Pd/pubhtml]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX1vSc2y5N0I67wDU38DjDh35IZSIS30rQf7NYZhtYYGU1jJYT6kDx4YpFqw0LSlGsBYP8pqMa1Pd/pubhtml Test centers in delhi All India Institute of Medical Sciences AIIMS National Centre for Disease Control NCDC Indraprastha Apollo Hospital Delhi Dr Lal Path Lab SRL Limited 74 Paschimi Marg Vasant Vihar New Delhi Max Lab Max Super Speciality Hospital Saket SRL Limited Fortis Escorts Heart Institute Okhla Road New Delhi Fortis Hospital A Block Shalimar Bagh Delhi SRL Ltd Fortis Flt. Lt. Rajan Dhall Hospital Vasant Kunj New Delhi Lifeline Diagnostics Green Park Delhi Oncquest Laboratories Ltd Safdarjung Hospital New Delhi110029 Metropolis Healthcare Ltd Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate Mathura Road New Delhi Will be ready by 23 March 2020 patients detail ampx200B activate casesrecovereddeceased 28184. PM Narendra Modi Light candle diya at 9 pm this Sunday to mark coronavirus fight. Dada Kondke predicted Modijis candle in the wind. Cause baby Imma firework. It this is the case then low testing done by Indian Authorities will come to bite back at us.. Andhera Kayam Rahe. Instead of corona quarantine we should have hate quarantine Outrage over Tablighi Jamaat event turns communal. Uttar Pradesh Locals attack cops in Aligarh for objecting to group namaz in mosque three arrested. MediaPandemic link. https//twitter.com/VoiceOfDemocra3/status/1245927576293363712s20. Does anyone has contact number or email id for Karnataka Cheif minister relief fund 2020 and PMCares relief fund 2020: i am need of getting a receipt for payment of some donations made by members of the family. PM Modi Calls for 9 Mins of Lamp Lighting on 5th April. Need a link to the comment on this subreddit of Modi being the first to ask people for hand clapping.: [removed]. Do You Know 36 CAN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE HELP IN IDENTIFYING COVID19 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Coronavirus COVID19 Awareness. World Bank approves 1 billion emergency fund for India. Modi said In the fight against Corona this Sunday April 5 at 9 pm turn off the lights of the house and light a candle flashlight lamp or mobile flash light. Indiatoday Amid chant of Jai Sri Ram thousands of devotees assembled in temples in various parts of West Bengal on the occasion of Ram Navami on Thursday. Correct me If I am wrong.. Sneezing to spread the COVID 19 virus.. its been ONE HOUR and whatsapp university is at it already : Modi has smartly chosen 5th April 9 PM because on this day and time for 9 minutes the saturn be in Swati nakshatra amp the moon will be in the Rohini nakshatra. Lighting natural lights will allow the cosmic waves to enter our bodies and create the antibodies for corona.. You all are fucking idiots.:  Burning of diya releases carbon monoxide in the atmosphere which kills all the pollutants which support the growth and transportation of the virus. Opening of flashlight in a small cluster of area creates such a pressure and heat in the atmosphere of the surrounding area that the virus will die. Which ultimately amounts to the death of the pollutants and the death of the virus therefore resulting in the complete extermination of the virus. Genius plan by Mr. Modi he and his panel of experts really thought this out /s sad to see Ive to point this out to be safe. Can only imagine whatsapp university messages after Sunday: Just like how there was a message going around about how the vibrations of people clapping was making corona retreat whats it going to be this time The rays of light spread by the people has burnt the virus to ashes. Light Candles Diya On Sunday 9 pm To Fight Coronavirus Darkness PM Modi. CoVID19 India Resources amp Essentials. GONE GONE MY SLEEP GONE Credits Pencilashan. Shocking Tablighi Jamaat Patients Make Vulgar Signs Roam Naked Demand Cigarettes In Ghaziabad Hospital. Indiafightscorona. Delhi govt to give Rs 5000 to each of auto taxi and erickshaw drivers Kejriwal:  Delhi government will provide a financial assistance of Rs 5000 to each of the drivers of public transport vehicles including autos taxis and erickshaws in the city rendered idle due to lockdown Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal said on Thursday.. Reason and logic behind the Indian PMs obsession with irrelevant and moronic acts like that of clapping turning off electricity lighting candles etc: What is up with him Where is he getting these ideas What good are they if the fact remains that people will dodge social protocols anyway and that the Indian healthcare system is definitely not ideallyequipped to handle the situation. Coronavirus Nizamuddin Evacuees Creating Trouble Need Security Delhi Government. National Security Act invoked against four Indore residents for attacking healthcare workers. 5pm Thaali bajao Raamayanmahabharat PMCares 9pm Candle jalao. Get it: [removed]. [personal opinion] I am convinced...Modi is mad: I am a centrist someone hated and liked by both left and right simultaneously. I am the one who has been called a Fascist and a Pakistani leftist at the same time. Till this date even though I didnt like Modi and many of his policies and actions I maintained a level of uncertainty and neutrality during discussions about him even when CAA was announced. But this announcement by Modi today pied me off badly. The entire world is panicking and suffering from coronavirus. People are trying their best to stay conscious about it trying to avoid getting the virus doctors are trying to come up with a vaccine and some are trying to convince people who do not care about the virus to take care of themselves. When Modi said thali bajao even though many were criticizing and mocking him I thought it was OK and a good initiative to make people aware and respect the health workers. But after what he said today I am convinced he is mad. This guy a Prime Minister in the midst of such a crisis and lockdown is wasting precious time and resources to announce to the whole India not a solution not an extension not a description of the situation not even any inspirational speech but to light candles and pradips on 5th April 900pm. Diwali ho raha hai bsdk I have had enough of this guys nautanki. What he said today was inappropriate and utter crap. I cant tolerant him or his words anymore. I have had enough of this hell of a PM.. Coronahumuor: After Sachin if someone has the most number of tests under their belt its Kanika Kapoor.. Want to hear from indian doctors or hospital administrations. What are the challenges that you guys are facing in treating Covid19 patients: I am trying to understand the challenges that doctors and hospital administrations are facing in treating Covid 19 patients. We have many responsible indians here and a lot of us can contribute our medicals just by helping them connect with right people. The way number of Covid19 patients are increasing it is bound to blow out of proportions so lets be ready.. Breaking news Prime Minister Narendra Modi appeals on 5 April at 9 pm for 9 minutes switch off all the lights of your house and without any kind of gathering light a candle diya or mobile flashlight.. Lighting candles and its scientific reasoning.: Im sick of WhatsApp propaganda and as I cant beat it I will join it. By asking us to light candles modiji has done a wonderful thing. This Sunday is an auspicious day in Hindu calendar. When a billion people light candles together the temperature of this country will increase by a slight margin which is enough to kill the virus. The heat waves will be like a billion people saying OM together. And that will make the virus disappear in no time back into our neighbours land. Please just use this text to copy paste on WhatsApp and end it. Dont fight it. Do it. You are in this now as much as I am. Cheers.. PM Modi asks people to switch off lights for 9 minutes on April 5. How TN handled the Tablighi Jamaat event fallout. India fight corona . Turn off lights on April 5 between 9pm and 9.09pm and light candles to show solidarity against coronavirus PM Modis message to India. Bhaiyon aur beheno....: [removed]. Still not testing whats with the diya and turning off lights: [removed]. India Fight corona. Our Pm ladies and gents. They are not making it easy and should be punished. I repeat.. Narendra Modi wants all Indians to come out in their balconies and hold a candle light for nine minutes at 9pm on April 3rd 2020 to fight Covid19.: [removed]. Ensure that while you light the lamps of hope and unity on April 5 at your homes you maintain SocialDistancing at all times do not come out of your houses PM narendramodi. Thousands of litres of cow urine consumed in Gujarat daily.  350 . PM Modi 5th April 9 PM 9 Minutes. Turn off lights stand in balcony and show candles.: [removed]. PM Modis COVID19 related message to the nation. COVID 19 INDIA TRACKER India has reported 2543 positive C19 cases so far. How Taiwan saw the Corona virus coming Covid 19. Yesterday 7900 COVID19 tests were done almost 1/5th of Total Tests Done Till Now. Madhya Pradesh CM This is not just a tweet. This is a stern warning ... Human rights are only for humans.. Nizamuddin Markaz effect and corona Infected. Social Workers are shouting at people gathering. Gajodhar bhaiya speaks. Coronavirus Spread by Country until April 3. Tablighi Jamaat likely source for Covid19 spread in Mumbais Dharavi. WHO praises PM narendramodi for his social welfare measures in dealing with COVID19Pandemic. India far far well prepared than developed countries BJP MP Vivek Reddy: [removed]. Govt launches AarogyaSetu mobile app to asses and people on COVID19.. Experts tell White House coronavirus can spread through talking or even just breathing. Indias long term Covid19 strategy: I see a lot of passion in people for staying at home a lot of blame game on who is staying indoors and who is breaking the rule. I am not able to find Indias long term goal to deal with this new virus like vaccine development programs. It might be my ignorance but what is happening on that front Looking for some credible information on this.. Superpower 2020. India lockdown day 09 heres all you should know. Air India crew complain about passengers on relief flight Mumbai News Times of India. AI crew who operated international flight tests positive for Covid19. Track and selfreport crowdsourced COVID19 symptoms in India. Dont fall for the gaslighting narrative being peddled by incompetent ignorant malicious leaders of the worlds 2 largest democracies. Testing numbers: Every now and then we see sources that say that x number of people have been tested. But apart from these news articles that point towards the testing numbers that were accurate at the time they wrote the article is there any resource that regularly updates the number of tests done and their outcome If you have the link please share. Meanwhile Stay safe and stay indoors.. Coronavirus How world reached a million cases in 93 days India news. Ayurveda Cured Prince Charles From COVID19. Ayurveda Cured Prince Charles From COVID19. Ayurveda Cured Prince Charles. Alt News wins again. Finds legitimacy of video being circulated along with other Delhi tabligh posts. Police rule and other things unrelated to Covid 19 are coming to the surface because of lockdown: Does anyone find it really strange how the press is not focussing on the incidents of police brutality since the lockdown Its also funny how people are letting these things pass like its any other field day in the life of a govt employee and the scars over some nameless victim doesnt matter. The incidents of police brutality has mainly been on sections of the lower society at least the ones highlighted im wrong if you are reading and faced the same. Not only that the spraying of disinfectants like its a nazi detention factory. After the death of an infected in dharavi slum a colony was sealed without any intention of letting the people living in there know when they might be let out. It reminded me of a documentary of how the chinese authorities sealed literally with a blowtorch a dilapidated building and the video shows some guy saying they cant do this. That was probably when the pandemic was at its peak there. This lockdown really highlights how human life is measured as compared to things being done for the greater good that can be a very dangerous thing.. World Bank extends USD 1 billion emergency funding to India amidst COVID19 battle. Population of 28 million and more than 97000 NRIs having visited since January there have been just 1434 Covid19 tests in Punjab till date. 50 tests per million in a high risk state. UAE and S. Korea have done 12738 and 6143 tests per million. We are happy with our eyes closed.. Ayush approach to reducse covid transmission. Coronavirus World Bank approves USD 1 billion emergency financing for India. Population of 28 million and more than 97000 NRIs having visited since January there have been just 1434 Covid19 tests in Punjab till date. 50 tests per million in a high risk state. UAE and S. Korea have done 12738 and 6143 tests per million. We are happy with our eyes closed. Source attached. Population of 28 million and more than 97000 NRIs having visited since January there have been just 1434 Covid19 tests in Punjab till date. 50 tests per million in a high risk state. UAE and S. Korea have done 12738 and 6143 tests per million. We are happy with our eyes closed. Source attached. MP Medical Team That Was Attacked Visits Indore Locality Again to Screen People For Coronavirus Infections We Are Not Scared Says Dr Zakiya Sayed. Coronavirus World Bank approves USD 1 billion emergency financing for India. Healthcare Warriors Attacked. Wish we got paid leave Without work Bengalurus domestic workers are struggling. Tablighi Jamaat members roam naked in Ghaziabad hospital. Lockdown woes.... CORONA VIRUS GRAPHICS ll NO COPYRIGHT II 2020. When Indias national bird visits our human zoo right now. Case registered against Majnu ka Tilla gurdwara committee for violating lockdown order. One more racist cartoon. Well done my children. WATCH Karnataka An Asha worker Krishnaveni says she was attacked in Byatarayanapura Bengaluru while collecting data on coronavirus. Says The problem started when an announcement was made against us from a mosque whoever made that announcement should be arrested.April 1 [Link to tweet]. This might just address ventilator shortage not just for India but for every country. Coronavirus ICMR issues advisory to use rapid antibody test in hotspot areas. Why secular liberals are wrong about Nizamuddin analysis. Doctors beaten in muslim area in indore as doctors went for inspection.. Coronavirus World Bank approves USD 1 billion emergency financing for India. Challenges faced by Doctors and Hospital Administrations in India: [removed]. Do You Know 35 Can You Get Coronavirus Through Your Phone.. Lets Check in This Video. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Is there any better way to make them understand the situation. Medical colleges in DK told not to admit Kerala patients. More than 1 million confirmed cases of coronavirus worldwide. We need to speak up get get global attention on corona virus and how people are reacting towards it.: It is not for political drama or self interest. I speak so that once the world is paying attention on India and its problems both the people and The Government will act more swiftly and more efficiently than ever. And all the people who are misbehaving against doctors nurses and police are wrong in their doing... If WE do not point it out now... Later on it will backfire because people of the world... Will not know what has passed but will judge what is to come.. I have something to say to all my fellow indians: [removed]. [RANT] COVID19 Indian culture has wrong priorities: If we focused even a small percentage of our energy on logic and science instead of politics and religion we will not have continued to screw up our chances of flattening the curve against COVID19. Instead were going to keep going mandir masjid till we die out. Caveat the media also is to blame. The actual mortality rate is under 1 and most of us will ride it out like a regular flu. Covid19 came with its own PR teamsocial media. Do you think other states should follow Meghalaya and allow home delivery of liquor to addicts having withdrawal symptoms Also newspapers were delivered here Durg CG today after around 10 days. Still washed my hands before and after reading. You can never be too safe . The greatest crossover ever. A complaint was received from the CMO that the nurses of MMG hospital have alleged that 6 coronavirus patients admitted at the hospitals isolation ward are misbehaving with them We are at the spot for investigation of the matter SP. What will happen after Lockdown ends: From 15th April everyone would go to their workplaces. Wouldnt virus spread like a bomb then Do we have a solution. Do we know if India has a panel of experts advising the government about the pandemic: [removed]. What are the non verbal communications usually happen at these jammats: [removed]. Gave in to corona virus fear took fathers doctor car keys.. Gave in to corona virus fear took fathers doctor car keys.. Maharashtra Nashik rural police act against man wiping nose mouth with currency notes Nashik News Times of India. Another Mass Infection this time in France.. Mob fury on coronavirus medics Dr. Trupti narrates what exactly happened with the doctors in Dharavi Mumbai. Heres what you Need to Know about Coronavirus Remedies and Lockdowns. CMO Ghaziabad complains to UP police that Tablighi Jamaat members in quarantine are walking around without trousers on listening to vulgar songs asking for bidi cigarette from nurse and staff and making obscene gestures towards nurses. Asks police to restrain them.. When are we going to feel Modi care: We hear Modi saying state government has to take measures for security healthcare etc..Then how is Modi actually going to care and when are going to hear how the funds in pm cares are going to be utilised. Translation Be careful. We ought to save ourselves too while we save them.. Shahrukh Khan will now help in the war against Coronavirus announced via Twitter. Govt launches coronavirus tracker app called Aarogya Setu Heres what it does tech. [Coronavirus] If expression of opinion brings Government into disrepute it cannot defend by intimidating the person expressing opinion. COVID19 Shah Rukh announces series of initiatives to help citizens. Coronavirus Cases Cross 2000 In India 53 Have Died. Government sources indicate that the shutdown may not just end on April 14 itself as initially planned. PM NarendraModi is believed to have told Chief Ministers that it is a long drawn battle.. SRKs Plan to help people during the Coronavirus Crisis. Corona to Ebola in 2020 Funny stories Beer Cant stop laughing: [removed]. Ram Navami prayers in Shirdi ignore social distancing norms. A resident doctor of AIIMS who was tested positive for COVID19 earlier today his 9 months pregnant wife a doctor posted at Emergency has also been tested positive. She has been isolated and her delivery will take place at AIIMS.. Nagaland to provide additional Rs 10 lakh to COVID19 health workers in case of accident. Data How many hospital beds and ventilators does south India have. Due to the increasing number of COVID19 positive cases in Kerala all hospitals in the district are instructed not to admit any patients from Kerala Health and Family Welfare Department Dakshina Kannada District Karnataka. Shah Rukh Khan contributes to PMCares other Covid19 relief funds This is a start. Biased Virus: [removed]. In Photos Migrant workers face police violence and hunger escaping Delhi during lockdown. Everone is Healing . Why secular liberals are wrong about Nizamuddin analysis. Gaumutra parties were mocked moreover the whole right wing is mocked and generalised. The criticism over tablighi jamaat incident is now being asked not to be communalised. This subreddit blames everything but how hard left winged do you people have to be to not even condone these people: [removed]. [Question] Is it expected that lockdown will exceed even further post 15th April: I have to book the ticket for my family to come to Delhi post 15th April but if the lockdown will remain effective or extend even further so whats the point. Hence if someone here in the community knows about it please share. Thanks a bunch.. Seeking assistance in assembly amp distribution of Face Shields for Healthcare workers. from Makers Asylum Mumbai. Defence Research and Development Organisation develops bio suit with seam sealing glue to keep safe health professionals fighting COVID19. Anyone else feels like there is lot of psychopaths online who want the worst case scenario to happen in India with respect to covid 19: First of all right of the bat I am not defending the government or its delayed actions . I recognise that there is are a lot of genuine people who are concerned about India . But there is a significant population online too who are not from India and their words make it seem like they want the worst case scenario to happen to satisfy their grotesque morbid curiosity. For example there is a difference between I hope there is no car crash and There is going to be a car crash . I dont want it to happen but it will happen . The fallout will be bad I know words are just words and we should grow a thicker skin but people need to realise that these are human lives at stake . This is not some grotesque entertainment happening for curiosity of foreigners. Why should Support PM Imran Khan on Coronavirus Relief fund. India cases rise to 2048 confirmed cases 53 deceased and 155 cured.. Could governments have coordinated better to find the Tablighi Jamaat cluster early. Synchronised Global Prayers SGP to Combat COVID19 by AICTE. US scientists link BCG vaccination with fewer Covid19 cases Indian scientists hopeful but cautious. The ugly truth about daily wage labourers in India: This post might get some attention but even if not it does not matter because the situation will remain the same. In the current Covid19 situation upper and middle class Indians were able to lock themselves inside their homes with months worth of ration supplies. I mean most of us did it and it is the right thing to do. But lets give a minute to understand what will happen to our daily wage labourers or Mazdoors. The answer is nothing is going to be done for them. Governments will launch useless schemes promising ration and money but we all know the ground reality. It will not benefit 90 of the labourers. I know how smug and comfy we are in our homes. Even going to the market is something we dont want to do in lazy times like these. On the other hand labourers are still walking to their villages with bruised feet nothing to eat nothing to spend with entire families at their back. And do you know why nothing will be done for them They are expendable Youve heard me. India is almost the most populous country in the world. And you know the law the higher a thing exists in numbers the lower its value is. Millions of helpless Indians are expendable to our governments. It will not make a scratch in the population even if 12 million labourers die. And just for that reason nothing will be done for them and they will keep suffering till the end of times. That is why population control and education is important. I request you all to appreciate the hardwork of labourers as well they are a very underappreciated people. The same government which could make arrangements to bring back Indians from all over the world could not even run some buses or trains to at least facilitate the return of those poor folks back to their states let alone feed them Kejriwal is an exception.In the end these words of a local mazdoor are still ringing through my ears. Gareeb Ka kaun sochta hai beta. I made coronavirus tracker app to keep track of the spread near you. Narendra Modi Addresses Media on 3/04/2020. Jamiat UlemaeHind Chief Maulana Mahmood Madani Exclusive On Nizamuddin Markaz COVID 19 Mess. Dilemma of a Bhakt.. Government launches multilanguage coronavirus tracking app Aarogya Setu. 264 of 309 COVID19 Cases in Tamil Nadu Linked to Tablighi Jamaat Event. JNU in news again a small group founded by Sharjeel Imam demands rescinding of FIR against Nizamuddin Management. Bengaluru locals attack snatch phones of Asha workers checking houses for coronavirus symptoms. Indian doctors being evicted from homes over coronavirus fears. Indias cases on a logarithmic scale. 100 on March 14 1000 on March 28. At this rate 10000 by April 11th 1 Lakh by April 25th.. New innovation could help solve ventilator shortage. App for corona virus risk assessment based on GPS: [removed]. Keralas RJCB develops lowcost rapid testing kits set to be largest Covid19 testing facility in India. One habit I formed from Coronavirus outbreak is to wash my hands feet mouth everytime I put even my one foot out of the door.: [removed]. Modi being asked to lead a task force on Covid. Its fake news.: I just got a whatsapp forward with a video from wion news saying Modi has been asked to lead a task force on Covid. Boom has busted. just wanted to make people aware of it. https//www.boomlive.in/fakenews/falseusukaskedpmmoditolead18nationcoronavirustaskforce7475. Get More Infomation About Coronavirus Visit This Website. In the case of Tablighi JamaatNizamuddinMHA has directed Delhi PoliceampDGPs of other concerned states to take necessary legal action against 960 foreigners for violating the provisions of the Foreigners Act 1946 and the Disaster Management Act 2005 Office of the Home Minister. PGIMER Chandigarh doctor invents prototype of automatic AMBU ventilator. India lags in Coronavirus testing.. Not tryna spread communal hate but this is beyond everything. IDK who is misleading them.. Delhi Commission for Women seeks information on steps taken to enforce lockdown in brothels Delhi News Times of India. U.S. scientists link BCG vaccination with fewer COVID19 cases Indian scientists hopeful but cautious. The Nizamuddin Markaz episode...: The Nizamuddin Markaz episode has to be condemned. Without indulging in any sort of whataboutery. You simply cant defend the congregation of thousands stating that soandso temples were open. Two wrongs dont make a right. Yes the Health Ministry did tweet that COVID19 was not a health emergency and the Delhi govt issued prohibitory orders on 16th March followed by Janta Curfew and nationwide lockdown. But by March 13th there were already 80 plus positive cases in India and people were dying across the world. We could have avoided such an irresponsible act. Similarly its absolutely wrong how this issue is being communalised with despicable hashtags like Corona Jihad. As if Muslims are the ones to take the blame for spread of COVID19. Its unequivocally condemnable. However mere condemnation of the gathering which denounced warnings on Coronarelated health hazards is anything but Islamophobic.. News from 2019 viral as Azim Premji donates Rs 50000 crore during coronavirus pandemic. US scientists link BCG vaccination with fewer COVID19 cases Indian scientists hopeful but cautious. Corona billiards. hospital wont close for 14 Days:  [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/coronavirushithospitalswontclosefor14daystorestartassoonasinfectionfreesaysbmc/articleshow/74941349.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/coronavirushithospitalswontclosefor14daystorestartassoonasinfectionfreesaysbmc/articleshow/74941349.cms. Medicine Shortages: My parents are currently in Kolkata West Bengal. They are having issues finding medicines as their current supply is dwindling. Is any one else facing this What are some workarounds that might work They have tried to go to local shops with prescription and tried some kind of medicine homedelivery service with limited success.. Mumbai lockdown:  [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/coronavirusinmumbailatestnewsupdatesonmumbaicoronacasesdeaths2april2020/articleshow/74940710.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/coronavirusinmumbailatestnewsupdatesonmumbaicoronacasesdeaths2april2020/articleshow/74940710.cms. I am ashamed to be a Muslim. Please forgive me Allah Bismillah Rahim: I want to make a confession guys.. I am ashamed to be a muslim. The whole incident with the Tablighi Jamaat has brought tears to my eyes. I want to tell everyone that this is not what Islam teaches Islam teaches you to obey the law of the land and put health of everyone else before yours. Haye this preacher who has been spewing shit is the real shaitan ya Allah Bismillah Rahim not for a moment did he even think about the news neither did he for a moment stop and question his actions. When clearly in the Sahih Bukhari it has been written that where there is an endemic dont enter the land and if you are in a land which has one dont run away from it. I am feeling so ashamed and sad that his stupid and incomprehensible actions will lead to the deaths of so many innocents. Allah Bismillah Rahim always said that if you have killed one person its as if you have killed all of humanity. This is not what Islam teaches us it does not teach us to lie to spread disease and to put our faith incorrugible and incorruptible before humanity. Alhamdullilah I am able to reach out to all my brothers from this platform I wish to tell all my friends and brothers Hindu Sikh Muslim and all others that Islam doesnt teach this we only wish to spread peace and I am really hurt and saddened by this Shaitan Maulana who has gone against the word of Allah Bismillah Rahim I have always understood that La Ilah Illallah Muhammad Ras Ulullah should be in ones heart for me that means humanity peace and a world free from strife and sadness. I am in tears right now and cant even imagine how many innocent people are going to die from this stupid act I am sorry all my brothers for the grief and sadness a stupid act of this Maulana is going to cause. There is no apology that will fulfil the loss in your lives and this great country I only wish and pray that Allah Bismillah Rahim shower his love and strength upon us all so that we may get through this.. Thousands assemble for Ram Navami in Bengal defying lockdown. Me Walks Outside. Defying lockdown devotees in Bengal assemble at temples on Ram Navami. Amid COVID19 Lockdown 2 Telangana Ministers Celebrate Ram Navmi. Tablighi Jamaat amp Covid: It was extremely irresponsible for the members of the Tablighi Jamaat to have gathered in light of the covid pandemic. An FIR has been filed against the Maulana amp others and hopefully the police will carry out a thorough investigation and the Court will determine whether theyve violated any of the laws applicable and punish them accordingly. Lets look at certain facts pertaining to the situation. 1. Firstly this was a 3day religious gathering between [March 1315]https//twitter.com/AtishiAAP/status/1244892528945565696. And this was much before the lockdown in Delhi from March 23 amp the Nationwide lockdown from March 25. 2. The Delhi Government has alleged that the Tablighi Jamaats 3 day religious congregation amounts to a violation of their [Order dated 13.03.2020]https//twitter.com/AtishiAAP/status/1244892528945565696 which prohibits all sports gathering including IPL/ conferences/ seminars beyond 200 people. \ Note that this Order was issued on March 13 the very same day that the event had already begun implying that the attendees were already in Delhi by the time the Delhi Govt issued the order. \ Courts will have to determine whether the wording of the order all sports gathering/ conferences/ seminars beyond 200 people will cover this 3day religious congregation. \ [The FIR]https//twitter.com/DelhiPolice/status/1244983752314564608 filed also alleges criminal conspiracy which will also have to be investigated and proved before the Court. 3. So essentially the legal process has been initiated against them. And if they did violate any of the existing orders or law in question they will be punished. In this light holding a media trial is uncalled for. We dont even have all the facts in the public domain. For instance the [Delhi Govt itself blames the police]https//twitter.com/AtishiAAP/status/1244892528945565696 for not having enforced its March 13 Order given that the Nizamuddin Police Station is right next to the place where the religious congregation took place. 4. Further a quick look at the general mood of the country as on March 13 points to the fact that concepts such as social distancing amp selfquarantining werent popularised by the Governments to the extent that we see today. For instance as on March 13 the number of cases we had was 81 as opposed to the 2000 cases today and addressing reporters Health Ministry Joint Secretary had said on March 13 itself that [coronavirus is not a health emergency amp there is no need to panic.]https//theprint.in/health/coronaviruscasesriseto81inindiagovtsayscovid19notahealthemergency/380819/ 5. A number of events took place between March 13 and March 22 Janata Curfew followed by the Lockdown involving huge numbers of people religious places of worship with thousands of devotees political events including toppling a certain state government etc. While legal action has to be taken against people flouting the law be it Hindus Muslims whoever holding a media trial and bashing the entire Muslim community amp trending CoronaJihad does no one any good. In fact it alienates the Muslim community even more amp spreading more hate against muslims at large is irresponsible amp criminal in itself.. Complaints filed against Chinese President Xi Jinping over coronavirus situation in UP. My Chachu wrote a song about whats haplening right now. Thought you guys might like it. Modi to address nation tomorrow 9am. Delhi Police have filed an FIR after 225 migrants were found staying in Majnu Ka Tila Gurudwara without informing the local administration.. 300 migrants claim theyre being held hostage in shelter 5 mins from Nizamuddin Markaz. PM Modi hints lockdown wont be extended calls for common exit strategy to fight pandemic. Coronavirus India Moved Fast On Lockdowns Can Restrict It To Hotspots WHO Envoy. A handful of Jawaharlal Nehru University students have been repeatedly seen violating the guidelines issued by the government and administration. These students have been directly and indirectly encouraged/supported by a few faculty members JNU Registrar. While COVID19 takes the limelight patients of other terminal diseases struggle. This service is PAN Indian and free. For anyone going through a hard time.. In Lockdown Indian Farmers Feed Broccoli Strawberries To Cattle. Its time to stay in mosques Allah will save us Tablighi Jamaat chief told followers in leaked audio. People Locked in Cages Beaten Shamed As Nations Enforce COVID19 Rules. Unpopular opinion.: This might be my last post in here. I do not fear or give a fuck about getting banned so please let me raise my voice if this sub is even 1 tolerant for unbiased opinions. I was going through the recent posts on this sub and I was surprised how excited people are here on cussing Modi on extending lockdown but no one is mentioning Tablighi Jamat. I am the first person in the queue against Modi and I think there are not even 10 measures are being taken to tackle Covid19. Nor is banging thalis going to work. They cant be trusted with the donations as they set up a new fund while one was already there and I doubt that well ever get to know what happens to that money. But this is also what needs to be said. Cops are beating people walking over 400500 kms just to get home. Doctors are being spat on. Police and doctors squad get beaten up in Indore Munger. This is not going to work out this way. It is not islamophobia. It is not religious extremism. It is not discrimination against minority. It is not CAA. It is not NRC. Doctor Subuhi Khan is not a Hindu. Covid19 is not going to attack you based on your gender race religion or net worth. And those assholes gathering at somnath temple are going to be paying for it. but so is the Maulana that said Allah is going to save you from this. people who are this stupid shouldnt be allowed to live. Drinking Gaumutra is not going to save you from Covid19. So people this might be my last post here so it was fun being here. And Id end my post with what Umar Khalid said The essence of democracy is agreeing to disagree.. Coronavirus Vaccine Development Scientific Challenges and Timelines with Dr. Julia Schaletzky. No Justification for Nizamuddeen and Stone Pelting as Muslim: [removed]. Is this legit . Aarogya Setu mobile app to monitor your risk of community exposure to COVID19.. Again where are the fucking authorities Religions will always be there to pull up shit but the authorities should keep them in check.. Dont know what to say ........ Today Odisha Government readied two Odisha Covid Hospitals with a capacity of 650 beds including 500 bedded facility near KIMS Bhubaneswar and 150 bedded facility at Ashwini hospital Cuttack. Both were completed in record time of one week.. U.S. scientists link BCG vaccination with fewer COVID19 cases Indian scientists hopeful but cautious. Men gang up against medics in Maharashtra. Dharavi Mumbai a group of young men pelted stones on the police after being asked to stay indoors amid a rise in the coronavirus cases in the state.. Treat poor like animals but when some contagious disease comes expect them to behave like humans: Coronavirus has proven how ruthlessly selfish Indians really are The government has over the years being shitty towards the people of slum the poor. People have treated poor as if they are animals. But not when a contagious comes that can harm the rich as well the poor becomes important as they have the potential to spread it Now when the poor is not cooperating call their behaving shocking put them in jail. Shake my head.. Will the lockdown continue after april 14th: Or will they say just to isolate the patients n test more. At 9 AM tomorrow morning Ill share a small video message with my fellow Indians.. Need to implement lockdown more strictly in some States Amit Shah. Covid19 Every Updates from Bihar : Welcome Live counter for Covid19 Date 2nd April 2020 Infected 24 Death 01 Immuned 02 Get Helpline [here]https//www.google.com/urlsatampsourcewebamprctjampurlhttps//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdfampved2ahUKEwjvk7OP1cnoAhXh6nMBHVNRAjcQFjAHegQIAhABampusgAOvVaw28CzhlwokyA5trQ1shKmA Latest Information for Indian [here]https//www.google.com/urlsatampsourcewebamprctjampurlhttps//mygov.in/covid19/ampved2ahUKEwi49Su1cnoAhWbSH0KHTlfBcUQFjAAegQIBRABampusgAOvVaw1enbvKyQND9If13gqFjpJ National Helpline numbers 1075 toll free 911123978046 General Facts Coronavirus disease COVID19 is an infectious disease caused by a new virus. The disease causes respiratory illness like the flu with symptoms such as a cough fever and in more severe cases difficulty breathing. You can protect yourself by washing your hands frequently avoiding touching your face and avoiding close contact 1 meter or 3 feet with people who are unwell. How it spreads Coronavirus disease spreads primarily through contact with an infected person when they cough or sneeze. It also spreads when a person touches a surface or object that has the virus on it then touches their eyes nose or mouth. For Covid19 [get more info here Indian Govt.]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ Be safe. Healthcare workers assaulted in Bengaluru while collecting details on coronavirus symptoms. Thousands of devotees gather in temples in various parts of West Bengal on occasion of Ram Navami defying lockdown imposed across country due to coronavirusoutbreak police ask them to return home immediately. The Centre has allowed Maharashtra to conduct rapid coronavirus tests to expedite the detection of COVID19 cases State health minister RajeshTope. Coronavirus Mumbai Dharavi Second COVID19 Case In Mumbais Dharavi In Less Than 24 Hours. Top 10 Counteries With Highest No. Of Corona Virus Patients In The World.... [Coronavirus] PM holds video conference with CMs Sends message Fight with corona virus above personal beliefs. Video in link. COVID Innovation Doubles the ventilator capacity in lt 2 months: We have designed a novel solution that will double the ventilator capacity in less than 2 months thereby saving thousands of lives. This is a not for profit endeavor. We have setup a task force of tech makers from IISc IITs tech startups doctors from Stanford Tata Memorial Manipal etc. Corporates Texas Instruments and the GovtInvest India to develop products that can help in this crisis quickly. We all have the power to make a difference. If youd like to join the fight against COVID19 join us. Visit [https//cradlewise.com/fightagainstcovid/]https//cradlewise.com/fightagainstcovid/ to know more.. Covid19 infected guy using currency notes to spread the virus in India.. Despite social distancing claims Telangana ministers participate in Ram Navmi celebrations [Free Press]. Hours before lockdown Modi asked printmedia owners editors to refrain from negative COVID coverage. Mumbai Fearing COVID19 Infection Muslim Man Denied Burial Last Rites Later Performed As Per Hindu Rituals. 11 more people have tested positive for COVID in Rajasthan. Total number of cases now 131 including 2 Italians and 14 who attended TablighiJamaat in Delhi State Health Department ANI COVID19Pandemic CoronavirusOutbreak. Corona virus self assessment test and Safe zone check by Aarogya Setu apponly for INDIA.. World Map Timelapse of the Coronavirus January 1 to April 2. You know what is worse than COVID19 or Tablighi Jamaat: [removed]. Where is Evil Maulana Mohammad Saad Hiding: [removed]. For creating awareness on the novel coronavirus the folk art ValliKummi is being used in parts of the Kongu region in Tamil Nadu by the authorities.. Shut the fuck up.. Nobody wants long lockdowns but you need a lockdown to get everybody prepared Dr David Nabarro Special Envoy COVID19 WHO.. Sandra the orangutang started washing her hands because she saw all the zookeepers doing it repeatedly during the COVID19 crisis.. How can the Coronavirus pandemic in India end. Indian Achilles heal: [Backstabbed Again]https//images.app.goo.gl/dGrtutNjkqQbvhSj6 Once again the one specific community turing out to be responsible for carnage in India. The entire Indian history is ridden with destruction and sorrow they have given to us and yet they are unapologetic shameless creatures. World is suffering from the reign of terror spreaded by same community. And yet they say dont hate us.. 5000 people attended Somnath Temple three days after the Jamaat event concluded. [Source in the comments below]. PM Modi Holds Video Conference with all State CMs To fight Corona Virus. All those people who went to Tablighi event in Delhi...: [removed]. Open source app for COVID19 tracking need suggestions: [removed]. PM Modi holds video conference with CMs on coronavirus. China draws flak for reopening wet markets amp resuming the sale of bats. cats dogs and other domesticated and wild animals freely available to buy as food. Will they ever learn. If these mass gatherings continue unabated India will see mass casualties from COVID19. Resident doctor of AIIMS Physiology Dept tests positive for COVID19 Sources. Rise in number of domestic violence complaints since lockdown NCW chief. ASHA workers spreading awareness about COVID19 attacked in Bengaluru by locals. Beginner Yoga for everyday wellness: [removed]. Rant Why exactly are we not prioritising COVID19 testings at all: Considering we had few major incidents like religiousgatherings from both Muslims and Hindus side 1000s of people Nizamuddin Dargah many tested positive and 40000 visited Tirupati during March 1214 and apparently none of them were tested at all. Few days ago we saw massgathering of thousands of migrant labourers and almost everyday we got the news of many parties and functions where someone was infected even yesterday one of Dharavi slum dwellers died and that slum has over 1 million people jammedpacked. The whole freakin Mumbai has only 2 government certified test labs which can only perform 150 testings per day each thats 300 tests in total. Other 5 private sector testing labs will charge upto 4500 per testing which only top 12 Indian population can afford rest 98 population cant. Even if whole Dharavi slum gets infected Mumbais infected numbers will only increase by 100200 each day thats enough to keep Indias infected numbers recordlow for a long time. With in just 5 days USAs infected figures went from 20000 to 200000. Anyone who believes Indias infected figure isnt above 1 million at least is a complete idiot. gt India has only been testing those who have travelled from affected countries or come in contact with a confirmed case and shown symptoms after two weeks of quarantine. On Tuesday it added health care workers with symptoms who are treating patients with severe respiratory illnesses. Our testing criteria is extremely restrictive and this is still true today I have also heard many doctors might be denying positive results. And also whats the point of PM CARES funds Just saying its to combat COVID19 isnt enough at all. Who audits these fundings Are they just BJPhired private bureaucrats just like in case of PMRF How long are we going to see ICMR is capable of performing 9000 tests per day but only tests 90 people bs. Should nurses just go to peoples places and test everyone for corona laughs scarcastically This one statement will tell you why people are not serious about corona.: I was talking to a friend yesterday who happened to tell me how things are bad for Maharashtra considering the number of cases coming out of there. I was polite enough to explain to him about the concept of testing and sample sizes and the difference between number and percentage of people affected if the number of people tested is considered. Guy just laughed in my face and these were his exact words Toh kya Ghar Ghar Jake vo log polio ki Tarah test karenge translation . The guy is 35 works in a huge MNC at a managerial role. His iq level just pissed me beyond measure. Anyone else think Maharashtra is the worst hit Or do people really believe theyre testing more Please share your thoughts.. A message from Dalai Lama on Coronavirus Pandemic:  My dear brothers and sisters I am writing these words in response to the repeated requests from many people around the world. Today we are passing through an exceptionally difficult time due to the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic. In additional to this further problems confront humanity such as extreme climate change. I would like to take this opportunity to express my admiration and gratitude to governments across the world including the Government of India for the steps they are taking to meet these challenges. Ancient Indian tradition describes the creations abiding and destruction of worlds over time. Among the causes of such destruction are arms and disease which seems to accord with what we are experiencing today. However despite the enormous challenges we face living beings including humans have shown a remarkable ability to survive. No matter how difficult the situation may be we should employ science and human ingenuity with determination and courage to overcome the problems that confront us. Faced with threats to our health and wellbeing it is natural to feel anxiety and fear. Nevertheless I take great solace in the following wise advice to examine the problems before us If there is something to be done do it without any need to worry if theres nothing to be done worrying about it further will not help. Everyone at present is doing their best to contain the spread of the coronavirus. I applaud the concerted efforts of nations to limit the threat. In particular I appreciate initiative India has taken with SAARC countries to set up an emergency fund and an electronic platform to exchange information knowledge and expertise to tackle the spread of Covid19. This will serve as a model for dealing with such crises in the future as well. I understand that as a result of the necessary lockdowns across the world many people are facing tremendous hardship due to a loss of livelihood. For those with no stable income life is a daily struggle for survival. I earnestly appeal to all concerned to do everything possible to care for the vulnerable members of our communities. I offer special gratitude to the medical staff doctors nurses and other support personnel who are working on the frontlines to save lives at great personal risk. Their service is indeed compassion in action. With heartfelt feelings of concern for my brothers and sisters around the world who are passing through these difficult times I pray for an early end to this pandemic so that your peace and happiness may soon be restored. With my prayers Dalai Lama. Clear indication from centre about no further lockdown: I was reading an article from The Hindu and they have clearly mentioned that there will be no further lockdown after 14th april. I wanted to know if theres any truth to it because looking at the current situation I dont think it will be contained effectively till then. Am i missing something [The article]https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/logistics/indianrailwaysairlinesstartbookingsfromapril15onward/article31224003.ece. Indias COVID19 cases rise 7 Delhi Doctors test positive with the novel coronavirus. COVID19 impact Housing sales may fall 35 in 2020 demand for office space may shrink 30. 5000 people attended Somnath Temple THREE days AFTER the Jamaat event concluded.. But Muslims are the easiest to hate. [Source below]. Karnataka govt stops workers from leaving city. Funny.. Modis stock rises very rapidly among World leaders. Trump Boris Johnson of UK and the Australian PM want him to join their efforts in the fight of COVID19 and ask him to take the leadership role. Amazing Is nt it Listen to the video.. Coronavirus in India Prime Minister Modi they dont like you Rediff.com. Chinas Shenzhen bans the eating of cats and dogs after coronavirus. Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh Pema Khandu tweets after the video conference meeting of Chief Ministers with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. CoronaLockdown source ANI. Local pelt stones on Healthcare Workers in Indore. Thousands of litres of cow urine consumed in Gujarat daily. Nonmedical professional looking to help in times of crisis.: Im helping elders in my neighborhood with their grocery needs. What are others doing. Indias toastersized ventilator helps hospitals in fight against coronavirus. Muslims fear backlash of Indias coronavirus fury Modi government is accused of stoking religious tension to cover up its own errors. Media declared 18 Tablighi Jamaat congregants Covid Their tests never took place. The 18 men from Tamil Nadu had voluntarily come forward to be tested.. Second COVID19 Case In Mumbais Dharavi In Less Than 24 Hours. And Ill do it again. nCov19 LIVE now https//ncovlive.netlify.com/ Check it out [OC]: [removed]. Delhi Police personnel sanitize Nizamuddin Markaz area which emerged as a coronavirus hotspot post Tablighi Jamaat event last month. 29 of those who attended this event have tested positive till now in the national capital as per Delhi Health minister Satyendar Jain.. One of my friends asked me what do YOU think should be done to Tablighi Jamaat . Can Chloroquine Actually Cure The COVID19:  I think the only question the whole world is asking right now is Is there any cure available for COVID19 I dont think the world has ever been on the same page before on anything. There are many theories and every country that has advanced medical facilities are trying their best to come up with a cure for Novel Coronavirus.. Austria Czechs China and now Germans are getting people to wear basic masks in public: Masks are able to protect other people by reducing the amount of virus you spread. Many people with COVID show no symptoms. By getting more people to wear masks in public we can break the links the virus uses to jump between people. Together we can slap the curve [https//www.thelocal.de/20200331/firstlargegermancitymakeswearingafacemaskmandatory]https//www.thelocal.de/20200331/firstlargegermancitymakeswearingafacemaskmandatory [https//www.ft.com/content/f68f3063502446549389bcc7ee1efd8e]https//www.ft.com/content/f68f3063502446549389bcc7ee1efd8e. On Camera COVID19 Health Staff Attacked Chased Away In Madhya Pradeshs Indore. Indore locals attack medical team screening coronavirus suspects as cases rise to 76 in city: [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/indoremedicalteamscreeningcoronavirusattacked166246320200402]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/indoremedicalteamscreeningcoronavirusattacked166246320200402. How to use a pandemic to spread sensation fake news to increase your channels popularity: I came across a video through forwards where a group of people mostly students claim they are stranded without resources and medical facilities in Germany. https//youtu.be/VmYpvG4cDDU. lt please checkout this video Heres some critical analysis 1. The comments are turned off so that people cannot raise questions 2. Everyone in the video is clearly reading from a script these faces are not the faces of people in trouble. 3. All these people are recording from their homes clearly a safe environment contradictory to the claim in the video 4. The people in this Video claim they are stuck without resources i.e money. If you know anything about conditions of german visa youd know this is not possible. 5. None of these people mentioned if they tried to get in touch with embassy for help. Did they try Facts 1. I am a student of Saarland University Germany. 2. The German government has made sure no one can get fired or evicted during this crisis. Some of my friends even got their rents reduced to help them. 3. If you are in trouble financially there is help available from all public instructions. For ex https//www.unisaarland.de/en/global/welcomecenter/preparing/financing.html 4. I know personally two of the people in this video they post pictures of lunch parties and cookoffs on WhatsApp and Insta everyday. In conclusion this video is scripted and fake. And if you would agree with me please go and downvote the video and help curb fake news. Thanks.. Coronavirus in India live news updates Total number of corona cases in India rise to 1965 32 people tested positive in Delhi. More than 200 people found inside Majnu ka tilla gurudwara in Delhi. Attacks On Doctors Healthcare Workers Rise Amid COVID19 Pandemic. WHO praises Indias efforts in tackling coronavirus pandemic. My thoughts on the Tableeghi Jamaat as an ex Muslim: Tableeghi Jamaat has its roots in India and is a prominent Islamic Revivalist organization. It is an offshoot of the Deobandi school of thought. As an exMuslim I have closely seen the movement for almost 3 decades as many of my relatives are Tableeghis. Unlike the Wahabis the Tableeghis are not too kin on proselytizing to nonMuslims. Their primary objective is to make Muslims more religious so that Islam is practiced in the way it was practiced in the time of Prophet Muhammad. Tableeghis are not known to be terror sympathizers in general and hence I dont think the Delhi Jamaat was deliberate in spreading Covid 19. However as an organization they are problematic due to their beliefs. They believe the saying of the Prophet that There is no adwa transmission of infectious disease without the permission of Allaah Sahih Bukhari 57760. They also believe that There is healing in Black Cumin for all diseases except death. Sahih Bukhari 771592. Hence they did not stop their congregations and mass prayers as they firmly believe that no disease can affect them when they are doing the work of God. The Tableeghi Jamaat is responsible for the spread of Covid 19 in Malaysia Source https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/20/world/asia/coronavirusmalaysiamuslimsoutbreak.html Singapore Indonesia Brunei Pakistan Source https//www.dawn.com/news/1544893 and now India. This group is largely responsible for making Indian Muslims backward by urging them to be more religious and shunning modern way of life. It has done tremendous harm to the community and needs to be banned for good for its transgressions.. Foreigners in quarantine at Isha Yoga Foundation. How COVID19 Will Hit India. Did India overreact Covid19 outbreak isnt following the trajectory of Europe and China so far. Give us chance to find a solution to treat Coronavirus Homoeopathy doctors association to Health Ministry. Doctors who come to test being stone pelted in Indore. Source Journalist Aditya Raj Kaul via twitter. Just when things were getting better.... Total number of COVID19 positive cases rise to 1965 in India including 1764 active cases 151 cured/discharged/migrated people and 50 deaths.. All 9 COVID19 deaths in Telangana traced to Delhi Islamic sect event. Nezamuddin Markaz did not violate any law. Markaz accomodates hundreds of foreigners 365 days a year.. On Camera COVID19 Health Staff Attacked Chased Away In Madhya Pradeshs Indore. This eerily true report from Sep 2019 on the looming pandemic threat.. Indian government officially launches its coronavirus tracking app. Facts fight fear. MIT article in JAMA 6 feet separation may be inadequate. Virus can travel 27 feet and stay airborne for minutes: According to this article published by MIT in JAMA Journal of the American Medical Association current guidelines for 6 feet separation is not enough the COVID19 virus can travel up to 27 feet from an infected person and stay airborne for several minutes. This is why the rate of spread in large gatherings is so high. Enclosed spaces like elevators could also have airborne virus. Wearing mask while outside the home is very important. [https//jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/2763852]https//jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/2763852 ampx200B Czech republic mandated countrywide use of masks or scarfs and it made big difference [https//www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/264466031/maskusageflattenedgrowthofcovid19casesinczechrepublic]https//www.bignewsnetwork.com/news/264466031/maskusageflattenedgrowthofcovid19casesinczechrepublic. CM BS Yeddyurappa Distributed Free Milk To Poor People in Bengaluru. COVID19 Animation If You Face Coronavirus. This is just unfair. The medical workers are just trying to do their jobs and keep everyone safe.. Uttar Pradesh Has Two Newborns a Boy Named Lockdown and Girl Named Corona. Tabhligi Jamaat Chief Urging Followers To Defy COVID19 Lockdown. Muslims pelt stones on health workers in Indore. Looking for a resident to give local impact and updates to journalist in California: Hi there Searching for someone willing to talk to a journalist friend of mine. She wants to be able to speak with a family or friend of someone who has been exposed to Covid. More details to be provided to people who reach back to me. Please DM me directly and I can get you in contact with my Journalist friend. Until then stay safe.. COVID19 What Stage is India at: [removed]. Modi thanks Bollywood celebrities for contributing to PMCARES Fund. How many Tests have been done in India : there was a post showing no. of tests cases and deaths in popular countries. Can anyone post the update or tell which site has it. We need to spread that information as the testing being done in india so slow that very less cases are appearing and dumbasses are cool about it.. Why our attention must be diverted. Stones Pelted at Health Department team who had gone to conduct Covid19 screening in the Taat Patti Bakhal area Indore on Wednesday 1 April 2020. Stone pelting on doctors. Indore turning into an outrageous atrocious place currently.. Do You Know 34 The Covid19 pandemic is uncovering the doctor crisis India always had 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . 2 COVID19 patients assault doctor after kin dies booked. Tiktok India donates 100 crore 400000 hazmat suits and 200000 masks to fight Covid19. Asia may have been right about coronavirus and face masks and the rest of the world is coming around. COVID19 disease / SARSCoV2 infection / Coronavirus infection Timeline of Symptoms What to Do When to Get Tested When to Visit Hospital and When to Start Normal Activities: [removed]. My name is Khan Shahrukh Khan His heart beats for Dubai not for India But he earns in India Shame. Social distancing not written in our religion Viral audio clip suggests Maulana Saad asked people to ignore govt guidelines amid coronavirus outbreak. South Korean hospitals phone booth coronavirus tests. Top 10 Least Affected Countries with Coronavirus India State Wise Coronavirus Cases: [removed]. Muslims who attended Tablighi Jamaat should be seriously punished: [removed]. Coronavirus Nearly 9000 At COVID19 Risk From Delhi Mosque Event Says Centre. Hyderabad 2 COVID19 patients assault doctor after kin dies booked.. Indore Locals of Tatpatti Bakhal in Indore pelt stones at health workers who were there to screen people in wake of Coronavirus outbreak.. As Mumbai hospital searches for ventilator 56yearold Dharavi man dies. Social Distancing or Class Distancing. Corona cases connected to Nizamuddin dargah jamaat go up. How do we keep paying wages wonders stricken industry. What are the challenges of battling coronavirus in India. Radiactive Tushar Episode 6 Corona . Narrated amp Written by Tushar Sen Glossary Baadvan sail Shikwa grievance Hidayat advice . .. Trojan war.. Madhya Pradesh Locals of Tatpatti Bakhal in Indore pelt stones at health workers who were there to screen people in wake of Coronavirus outbreak. A case has been registered. NoteAbusive language. Corona cases connected to Nizamuddin dargah jamaat go up. PSA Use Country Delight for good quality essentials like milk paneer bread eggs and dahi.: They have not missed a single day in March. These guys know what theyre doing delivering at 5 AM every day against all odds. You can use my referral code ANUPAVR4ZK to get Rs. 500 in your wallet. Stay safe.. Parents still making the maid work: Even during the lockdown my parents are still making my maid work I dont live with them and no matter how much I try to make them understand they arent ready to listen and I dont understand what I can do to convince them. Their excuses are like oh my back hurts your dad doesnt help I cant do this all work alone and DONT WORRY NOTHING WILL HAPPEN. Also ITS NOT SO SERIOUS HERE. Its driving me crazy. I dont understand why they dont get how serious this is.. Corona cases connected to Nizamuddin dargah jamaat go up. This is in Indore. Im at loss of words. Are they mentally retarded Attacking the doctors who choose to fight this leaving their families are been attacked. Police are being shot at. Wtf is happening in this country... Indore Corona Testing team Attacked by Muslim Mob warning Strong Language. Coronavirus Nearly 9000 At COVID19 Risk From Delhi Mosque Event Says Centre. Stacks of urns in Wuhan raise doubts about Chinas official virus toll. Covid19 effect dips China reopens markets selling bats cats and dogs. This makes my blood boil. Stone pelting at the doctors who have come to your slum to combat covid19 is some next level bs. Disappointed. Will the cases in India stabilise or start showing a decline in May due to the lockdown we are having now: Do lockdowns massively help in reduction of cases and will reflect so after about 3 weeks Italy seems to have suffered despite having locked down quite early on. But they finally seem to be spreading the infection less now. They locked down on March 9th and we did so on March 24th. Does this mean after April our cases will not rise. This makes my blood boil. Stone pelting at doctors who have come to your slum to treat and diagnose people is some next level bs. Disappointed. Doctors and police getting attacked by Muslims in Indore.: [removed]. Now Health care workers are getting attacked in Indore by Muslims.. Case for surgical masks: Countries known for everyone wearing face masks in public Hongkong China Japan Korea Countries that appear to have the virus under control Hong Kong China Japan Korea Also the above countries produce 75 of the masks worldwide with Taiwan having ramped up mask manufacturing by 50x times in the last three months and countries where ppl think wearing masks is stupid and useless based on their own health authorities advice and hence have simply wasted the last three months not ramping up mass manufacturing while Asian countries were trying to douse the fire USA UK Western Europe and India to a lesser extent Countries that seem to be losing the fight to the virus and seeing exponential growth USA UK Western Europe and to a lesser extent India. Hmm Now from the above facts what could possibly be the conclusion.. Before a coronavirus test a drug test should be done for these guys. Coronavirus Here are Indias 10 major COVID19 hotspots you need to know Deccan Herald. Look at this and try to justify. If you can..... Why is Paytm advertising on Facebook for PM Cares. TOP 15 CORONA Infected Countries in three Month January to march 31st. Locals pelt stones on health department team in Indore.. India is my country and all Indians are my Brothers and Sisters. Apparently only until theres a pandemic. KeralaKarnataka talk on opening of border roads end in stalemate amid lost lives and supply shortages.. Doctors in indore were attacked with stones when they were sent there to screen for patients. Being a medical student that could have been me and Im truly at a loss of words.. Stone pelting on medical personnel in infected/quarantined area. Taatpatti Bakhal Indore. NSFW language. Im scared of the repercussions.. Modiji Bacha Lo Corona Beat Beat Corona: https//www.youtube.com/watchvN41BXq2pcko Ive got some time on my hands along with sanitizer obviously and wanted to learn mixing so I made a short song and put it out there. Open to read would appreciate suggestions/resources. Should I start with samples Should I try to put beats into existing tracks Also please notice the pun in the title thanks . Read it.: [removed]. Any predictions on how bad the numbers will be in India for COVID cases/death: So US released a bestcase estimated prediction of 1.5million cases and 100k deaths. How do you feel it will play out here in India Are any official numbers. Stone pelting on Doctors. Godi media ka bumper lottery. And all of a sudden India crossed 2000 cases of Coronavirus..... Sea of devotees gather at Arattu festival in Kerala amidst coronavirus fears flouts govt guidelines. Jagan government takes over all private hospitals in Andhra Pradesh. Total 16 positive cases of Coronavirus now from Assam. World inching towards 1 million confirmed infections: And after that I think my brains going to go blind to the numbers. [https//coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html]https//coronavirus.jhu.edu/map.html Though... hurtling is more appropriate than inching.. Stone pelting on healthcare worker and security oersonnel. Location Silawatpura Indore. Will the lockdown be extended: [removed]. How can I support efforts to tackle COVID19 in India That arent PMCARES: This could include NGOs that are supporting migrant workers take long arduous journeys by providing nourishment and shelter Medical organisations that are testing/treating patients Research organisations that are working to ameliorate patient suffering by creating medical equipment or working on cures. Pretty much anything that helps people out in India at the moment. Im specifically interesting in nongovernment efforts. Thanks And stay safe. Kerala HC directs Centre to remove road blockades put up by Karnataka. US scientists link BCG vaccination with fewer COVID19 cases Indian scientists hopeful but cautious. Virus control tests solidarity of South Asia bloc Left Review Online. A Bangladeshi youth claims to have discovered coronavirus vaccine. Andhra Pradesh COVID19 Updates: [removed]. JampK Govt To Take Action Against Doctors ampamp Paramedics If They Publically Criticize The Admin. This happened in Indore Muslim Mob attacked the health officials.. Please list any NGO/group helping migrant workers anywhere in india. reliable ones: [removed]. Coronavirus Huge traffic jam at Chennai flyover despite India lockdown. Anger as migrant workers sprayed with disinfectant. Hyderabad Covid19 patient attacks doctor after brother dies due to coronavirus. 7th COVID19 patient dies at Gandhi relative attackes Jr doctor. Indias race to build a 650 ventilator. India records the highest jump in the number of novel coronavirus infections.. Man 93 becomes oldest Indian to beat coronavirus. Syllabus change For NEET exam 2020 addition of few topics. COVID19 Karnataka Farmers Dump Produce as Supply Chain Snaps. India event sparks huge hunt for coronavirus cases. Probability Comparison Coronavirus Cases. Can India Avert a Health Apocalypse. For how long can Indias healthcare workers battle coronavirus without essential supplies Six doctors have tested positive for the virus in Delhi alone as health workers struggle without protective gear and basic infrastructure.. Coronavirus Stones pelted by minority community on doctors in Indore Muslim Area . Coronavirus is not flu. Its worse.. How are you managing your stress and anxiety levels during lockdown if youre living in a toxic family: We are a family of 4 and due to the lockdown my sister and I decided to come home because that felt like a sensible decision. But since my father and sister fight a lot that increases my stress levels and feel anxious throughout the day. How would you recommend to cope up with this situation I know there are other subs for this type of content but considering the family dynamics this felt like the most appropriate one. Growing popularity of world leaders in the pandemic. Chhattisgarh reports likely communitytransmission case of COVID centre maintains denial. Video of silavatpura Indore. See how m attacking on doctors.. A 56 yearold man became the first confirmed Corona positive patient from Mumbais Dharavi and was declared dead at Sion hospital today late evening. His immediate contacts are being tested while his building with 300 flats and 90 shops was sealed today reports worthwords01. The Social Distance.. Artist hasif khan. Nizamuddin Markaz attendees misbehave with staffers spit at doctors at Delhi quarantine units. The whole nation is crying for what happened at Nizamuddin but will we be ignoring this. Coronavirus Chaos Stones pelted at cops in Solapur Maharashtra. Tablighi Jamaat attendees spit at doctors staff in Delhis coronavirus quarantine units..Now what would do about them. Police stopped rath yatra in solapur people pelting stone at police personnels. Did India overreact Covid19 outbreak isnt following the trajectory of Europe and China so far. Coronavirus in Mumbai Dharavi man who tested positive of COVID19 today dies. This is some next level stupidity strictest action should be taken against such idiots. Coronavirus Pandemic Mumbai Metros. Thousands of litres of cow urine consumed in Gujarat daily. Just a request: People are angry at the Tablighi jammat and rightly so. They may be the biggest source for spreading the virus in our country. But as a person born into a Muslim family I just have a small request please do not drag other Muslims into this. Living in a post Corona India will be difficult for all of us. But also having to live through the constant attacks because of ones religion is just worse. Trust me any sane person will condemn their actions. Dont assume that all Muslims supports them. Im requesting this as Im seeing a lot of Media outlets pushing this narrative and being in a lockdown people are constantly watching it. This will develop a belief in their brains that Muslims are against India and humanity. Also the left vs right shit is further worsening the situation. I dont like the kinda politics our current Govt uses. But at this point in time Im fully committed to support them in our nations fight against this unprecedented pandemic. Only reason Ive posted this is because before this pandemic Ive personally faced a lot prejudice because of my name read religion even though Im an atheist. And I cant imagine the levels in a post Corona India. We have people in our nation who cant distinguish between snapchat and snapdeal an entire village in UP boycotted because its name sounds like Corona. I dont want anyone to be subjected to frustrations of CoVid19 because of the community they belong to. Only way out of such a pandemic is working together as one big family. The road ahead is very difficult lets not make it worse by increasing the friction amongs ourselves. Thank you for taking the time to read. Lets StopSpreadingCoronaVirus and at the same time lets StopSpreadingHate. Sigh No dearth of idiots. People pelting stone on police when they tried to stop Rath Yatra in Solapur Maharashtra.: Pretty much the title. More than education we need imparting sense in the populace. https//zeenews.india.com/hindi/india/video/policestoppedrathyatrainsolapurpeoplepeltingstoneatpolicepersonnels/660789 https//www.youtube.com/watchvgjMKgafCXI. Tablighi Jamaat attendees spit at doctors staff in Delhis coronavirus quarantine units..Now what you do about them. India is screwed up big Time. We all are screwed up big time.: [removed]. What a nice gesture by Dubai government in these times. What a nice gesture by Dubai government in these times. Is Indias Lockdown Sabotaged. Lockdown partner got a surgery Back in the sock. Punjabis are dope. Fact check Video from 2018 circulated as Muslims spreading coronavirus. Dear Liberals Tablighi Jamaat was obviously illegal and the people attacking the police for trying to find those people shouldnt have been attacked. Dont try to defend the attackers or the gathering.: [removed]. Do you observe nature improving in your area during the lockdown: It is now April and in the rural area where I am now to hide from Covid19 it should be hot as hell since before sunrise. But I still see dense fog and cool temps till about 7 am. Not 100 sure but I am confident this is due to reduction of vehicle traffic and other pollution sources. I see this as a sign of nature being restored to a better state. Do you also observe any such things in your area. Summer break likely to be cut Mumbai univ may treat lockdown as interim vacation. Tablighi Jamaat Markaz evacuees spit on doctors at quarantine centre Official. Tablighi Jamaat Nizamuddin Maulana Saad . Kashmir NGO Has Distributed Nearly 15000 Emergency Supplies. Occupants were unruly since morningampmade unreasonable demand for food items. They misbehavedampabused staff at Quarantine Centre.Also they started spitting all overampon persons working/attending them incl doctors.They also started roaming around hostel buildingCPRO Northern Railway. Wimbledon cancelled. Saddest news due to COVID19.: [removed]. ANI on Twitter ANI FIR registered against online portal The Wire for allegedly disseminating fake news.. Dear Muslims Tablighi Jamaat committed a crime against humanity. Dont defend them: [Dear Muslims Tablighi Jamaat committed a crime against humanity. Dont defend them]https//theprint.in/opinion/pov/dearmuslimstablighijamaatcommittedacrimeagainsthumanitydontdefendthem/392698/. Deluxe Entertainment India furloughing employees against government rules [xpost from /r/coronavirusUS]: Heard firsthand that Deluxe Entertainment India the arm of Deluxe Entertainment Services Group based in CA USA is asking employees to take unpaid leave in times when they are already affected by the coronavirus shutdown in India This is also against the Indian governments directive to exactly not do this. Please Internet do your thing. This company needs to know that they have to stand behind their employees at trying times like this This is illegal in India. Heck its illegal even in California where this company is based. Use this SYMPTOMS list to differentiate between COVID19 Common cold flu and allergies. Link in the comment section. First coronavirus case reported from Mumbais Dharavi slum. FIR registered against online portal The Wire for allegedly disseminating fake news.. 110 more cases in Tamil Nadu on Wednesday all attended Delhi Jamaat conference. India Sends COVID19 Protective Gear To Serbia Amid Huge Shortage At Home. This is not an April Fools prank. Two/ four wheelers are banned from use till the 14th of April. We will SEIZE your vehicle if you CEASE to ignore this lockdown regulation DGP KARNATAKA on Twitter. Coronavirus in India Maharashtra Tamil Nadu lead spurt 315 cases on Tuesday as total crosses 1600. Amidst all these hatred i am planning to do a fun charity stream on youtube tonight will play some games and talk abt indian issues at hand : try to tune in tonight after 9 donations are not required but would be happy if more people join and chat D enjoy . Musalmano Ke Dilo Me Coronavirus Ka Khauf Hazrat Ji Maulana Saad D.B HTS1513 19 March 2020. Dear muslims please understand. Tablighi Jamaat Maulana Saads audio goes viral 6 booked. Search party on lookout for Tablighi Jamaat attendees fired upon in Bihars Madhubani. What do you guys think This author made some valid points. 100 gather for religious congregation at Rajasthan dargah police use force. But why: [removed]. But why: [removed]. But why: [removed]. But why: [removed]. But why: [removed]. But why: [removed]. But why: [removed]. Man 93 becomes oldest Indian to beat coronavirus. Over a 100 people gathered at the Ajmer Dargah amid Covid 19 outbreak. Tamil Nadu identifies area around houses of Covid19 patients as epicentre. Im Stuck in a Hotel Room in India. I Dont Know When Ill Get Home. by Max Ufberg. Centre asks all states to take action against Tablighi Jamaat attendees organisers. fuck maulana saad bitch ass.: This man literally put us in jeopardy and because of him the lockdown will extend for a month atleast.. [HAPPINESS] Managed to get this during this fucking lockdown. [YES THIS IS AS TEEN AS GIRL TO ME] Managed to get this during this fucking lockdown. Zoom In Weve got a secret message for you.. In view of the current situation due to COVID19 Union HRD Minister Dr R P Nishank has advised CBSE to promote ALL students studying in classes IVIII to the next class/grade.. Till now there are 1637 COVID19 cases incl 386 new positive cases since yday. Thereve been 38 deaths. 132 people have recovered. The no. of positive cases have gone up since yesterday. One of main reasons for it is the travel by members of Tablighi Jamat Ministry of Health. The government of India has taken the decision to receive foreign donations for PMCARES Sources. Provide food amp meal distribution.: [removed]. Provide food amp meal distribution.: [removed]. Hungary becomes the first democracy to fall. Emergencies and fear make for the perfect cocktail for authoritarians to grab power.: [https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/31/world/europe/hungaryviktororbaneu.html]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/31/world/europe/hungaryviktororbaneu.html [https//www.ft.com/content/0029e6e2734411ea95fefcd274e920ca]https//www.ft.com/content/0029e6e2734411ea95fefcd274e920ca [https//foreignpolicy.com/2020/03/31/hungaryorbancoronaviruseuropedemocracy/]https//foreignpolicy.com/2020/03/31/hungaryorbancoronaviruseuropedemocracy/ [https//www.washingtonpost.com/world/2020/03/31/coronaviruskillsitsfirstdemocracy/]https//www.washingtonpost.com/world/2020/03/31/coronaviruskillsitsfirstdemocracy/. Do You Know 33 Some Positive Stories of Past Week Coronavirus Quarantine to Take Your mind off the Gloominess 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Finding a Scapegoat When Epidemics Strike. I have made the Map Time lapse and bar race visualization of Spread of the Coronavirus in India. Complete Lockdown Is Very Important. Kerala Man Faints After Walking 50 km After Hospital Forces Him To Leave Amid COVID19 Lockdown. SEEHuge traffic jam at Chennai flyover despite lockdown Video. What the hell.. Tabhligi jamaat head called for violation of lockdown. He can be heard saying people should come to masjid for namaz during lockdown in an audio clip.. WATCH Delhi Police release a video of its warning to senior members of Markaz Nizamuddin to vacate Markaz amp follow lockdown guidelines on 23rd March 2020. WATCH Delhi Police release a video of its warning to senior members of Markaz Nizamuddin to vacate Markaz amp follow lockdown guidelines on 23rd March 2020.: [removed]. Tabhligi jamaat head called for violation of lockdown. He can heard saying people should come to masjid for namaz during lockdown.. Government issues ordinance aimed at providing relief to taxpayers with respect to filing income tax GST customs and central excise returns. also made donations to PM CARES fund eligible for 100 percent tax rebate.. Coronavirus was a test of secular nationalism. Then Tablighi Jamaat became the scapegoat.. Multiple reports of Policemen getting attacked around the country while looking for Tablaghi Jamaat members. Kejriwal announces Rs 1 crore exgratia for healthcare workers if they die while treating COVID19 patients. JampK About 400 pilgrims who were on pilgrimage to Vaishno Devi in Katra were stranded near Shiv Mandir Railway Station in Jammu around 50 km from Katra on 22nd March as their trains were cancelled. They were shifted to a shelter in Keran Bantalab area Jammu on 28th March.. Till now there are 1637 COVID19 cases incl 386 new positive cases since yday. Thereve been 38 deaths. 132 people have recovered. The no. of positive cases have gone up since yesterday. One of main reasons for it is the travel by members of Tablighi Jamat Ministry of Health. The police is taking the lockdown too seriously: The water filter in our house just went bad at the worst possible time. But guess what PureIt guys wont come over to fix it because of the lockdown I dont blame them. Also asked some other nonofficial personnnel who fix filters and even theyre afraid to go outside because of the police. I mean water is a basic necessity but the police doesnt agree. I can get bottled water but it means I have to go out of the house a lot more and get it from shops where a lot more people will have already indirectly touched the shopkeeper and possibly spread this further which is counterintuitive to what the original lockdown stood for.. Delhi Over 200 stranded at Majnu Ka Tilla gurdwara evacuated. TN govt announces one month rent freeze for workers including migrants. Lawful action can be taken against landlords who force students and labourers to vacate.. Who is singing this Unmute to hear. We compiled the absolute best ways for Indians to pass time during this lockdown: For the past few days my team and I have been trying to figure out ways to fight against COVID19 digitally and positively. We believe its super important for Indians to stay levelheaded amp use this lockdown as an opportunity to spend some quality time with their families. In India as we grow older and start working we often forget about our old hobbies amp the things which we used to enjoy when we were younger. This lockdown will last a minimum of 21 days and everyone needs to find quality activities to fill their schedule with amp things to enjoy with their families. To solve this [weve launched IndiaSmile]https//indiasmile.org/ A onestop resource for the best things to do while stuck in quarantine with a unique indian context. Whats more its 100 nonprofit and open source It contains Best movies and TV shows to watch Hindi amp English Home workout tutorials for Cardio Yoga Strength and flexibility. Guides and apps for managing anxiety and social isolation Community chat to discuss amp engage with Unbiased scientific news Learning resources Were trying to benefit the community by providing carefully curated lists of content to consume and resources to follow regularly updated by a team of dedicated citizens. The IndiaSmile WhatsApp communities section aims to provide more social connections by only permitting authentic and positive content. We have also added [a tool to check the nearest confirmed covid case to your current safe location]https//indiasmile.org/nearme/. Tech details lean PWA Progressive Web App using Nuxt built to have negligible load times and be super performant on all devices especially the slower Indian ones. Offline first and heavily cached to provide extreme performance. [Completely open source amp non profit]https//github.com/IndiaSmile. Open to contribution ideas and thoughts. How can we truly make this a genuine resource to help every indian successfully go through this unprecedented lockdown Jai Hind. Who is this. Meanwhile animals be cheering corona like. These are Indias 10 COVID19 hotspots. Aadhaar Authentication can infect you with Corona. On the national lockdown being out in a gathering could be illegal but being out alone by itself doesnt seem to be. Meanwhile in India Government has come up with news ideas to solve mask shortage.. Himanta Biswa Sarma updates on Assams first COVID19 patient and Nizammudin connection: [https//www.sentinelassam.com/guwahaticity/himantabiswasarmaupdatesonassamsfirstcovid19patientandnizammudinconnection/]https//www.sentinelassam.com/guwahaticity/himantabiswasarmaupdatesonassamsfirstcovid19patientandnizammudinconnection/. Pakistan Coronavirus News Discrimination amid pandemic Pakistan refuses to give food to Hindus as coronavirus rages World News Times of India. Clapping is not the solution. Where are you locked down Shot on DJI mavic pro [3991 2661] Chikmagalur district. West Bengal More than a lakh told to go for home isolation in 24 hours Kolkata News Times of India. Bangalore Police CORONA awareness. Jump in corona cases due to lack of community support says govt. MILK Brand amp Precautions to be taken LOCKDOWN PERIOD AWARENESS Review by OSR Online Shopping Review. 4 new Covid19 positive cases reported in Assam. Indias March electricity use falls 9.2 over national shutdown. Finally the western countries have stopped with all the bs about masks and waking up to its prophylactic qualities. Again it doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure out a filter in front of ur main breathing organ would have helped with prevention as well as propagation.: https//www.wired.com/story/itstimetofacefactsamericamaskswork/ Finally the western countries have stopped with all the bs about masks and waking up to its prophylactic qualities. Again it doesnt take a rocket scientist to figure out a filter in front of ur main breathing organ would have helped with prevention as well as propagation and yet we had over qualified numpties advising against it coz WHO and US docs said so. . MILK Brand Precautions to be taken LOCKDOWN PERIOD AWARENESS Review by OSR Online Shopping Review. RBI announces more measures to help tide over covid19. Social distancing is a privilege of the middle class. For Indias slum dwellers it will be impossible:  https//www.cnn.com/2020/03/30/india/indiacoronavirussocialdistancingintlhnk/index.html. Coronavirus update TB vaccine in childhood may offer Covid19 protection Researchers India started BCG vaccination of children in 1949 and currently 97 of 26 million children born in India receive the BCG vaccine free.. Some benefits. HKMask Manual Unofficial Detailed DIY instructions to make your own three layer reusable face mask using hand or kitchen tissue as the filter material. Over 1000 Taken Out of Nizamuddin Markaz 24 Test Positive for COVID19. Diktats from Delhi are harming Indias lockdown and friction between states doesnt help. This little hero doing his part.. Its getting worse and worse. SHOCKING MARKAZ TAPE Organisation conspired to defy lockdown.. Covid19 in India Hard times are ahead of us 3D Printed PPE face sheilds: I believe hard times are ahead of us the numbers on the TV for active Covid19 cases although rising but are still really low compared to what other countries show. Not knowing the real numbers is more scary to be honest. Which means once government starts testing there would be a huge surge in active Covid19 cases sometime coming week or next week. I know our PM urges us to stay home and our managers expect us to sit and WFH but we and including our managers are facing this situation at this scale for the first time. So being techies and young we needed to bend the rules a little. It is time to take a step no matter how small to safeguard our health care force and we cant completely rely on government to take care of that. Deep down we know world is going to shit right now and so will our country and our people. So lets coordinate think ahead of the curve and take a stwp 3D Printed PPE face shield https//www.youtube.com/watchv7H0CLZ0hKbQ We can make this. Material requirements Flexible but thick enough plastic sheets. 3D printers and Filament. Rubber ribbons or threads. As an individual and couple of my friends we are working on to find materials in West Delhi and East Delhi area but its hard to find open shops amongst the lockdown. Would really appreciate people getting in touch to aid and support the same.. The Delhi Police released a video of its warning to the senior members of Nizamuddin Markaz asking them to vacate the premises amp follow the lockdown guidelines. in the video the police issued a notice to the members pointing out that its not a communal matter but a matter of their own safety.. Please watch this and if you thing anything is wrong in this video please tell me but dont ignore this lets really check is this sub really biased. Dear Muslims Tablighi Jamaat committed a crime against humanity. Dont defend them. Not sure if this is a valid post but this little hero doing his part.. Tablighi Jamaat fiasco amp the role religion has played as the true super spreader of Coronavirus. Health Minister on Covid19 in RS India initiated required preparedness much before WHOs advice. Bacillus CalmetteGurin BCG vaccine used in TB could be the reason for low coronavirus cases in India.. FIR order against two Covid19 patients for misleading contact tracing in Andamans. Markaz leadership resisted then NSA Ajit Doval dropped by at 2 am. Markaz leadership resisted then NSA Ajit Doval dropped by at 2 am:  [https//www.msn.com/enin/news/newsindia/markazleadershipresistedthennsaajitdovaldroppedbyat2am/arBB11ZDP4]https//www.msn.com/enin/news/newsindia/markazleadershipresistedthennsaajitdovaldroppedbyat2am/arBB11ZDP4. Current situation in Goa. India Lockdown. April 1st 2020. Whats happening in Goa.. 19000 ambulance staff stop working in UP demand pending salary for 2 months. Jump in corona cases due to lack of community support says govt. At Rajasthan border last check first responder for coronavirus Yeh toh jung hai. Quarantined people in Karnataka must send hourly selfies to government through app. Nagpur Stares Down Coronavirus Emergency After 9 Doctors Quarantined. PLEASE WATCH THE VIDEO BEFORE BASHING TABLEEGI JAMAAT . MoHFWs webisite not showing statewise data at present: Since this morning the layout of MoHFWs page has changed and not showing the statewise data as earlier. Does someone know of updated statewise data source. Need regular data source for our website [https//www.ncovirus.in/]https//www.ncovirus.in/ . This is not an April Fools prank. Two/ four wheelers are banned from use till the 14th of April. We will SEIZE your vehicle if you CEASE to ignore this lockdown regulation.. Do masks help Experts say even DIY masks are useful as Covid19 is unrelenting. Coronavirus Tracker LINK https//www.realclearpolitics.com/coronavirus/utmsourcemixiamputmmediumreferralamputmcampaigncovidpartners. Ahmer Khan on Twitter. IndianOrigin Virologist In South Africa Dies Of Coronavirus Complications. Quarantined Tamil Nadu Man Runs Out Naked Bites Woman To Death Cops. What do you think will Modi do wrt the lockdown on 14th April: I think right now that Modi will go for a staggered lockdown releasing it for a week or so on 15th April and reimposing it for a few weeks releasing again for a week etc. What are your thoughts on the question Do you have any suggestions. Coronaviruslockdown TikTok star Faisal Shaikh in trouble for shooting a video outdoor. Air India pilots flag poor protective equipment. Nizamuddins Coronavirus disaster had 1500 people from Tamil Nadu over 400 from Assam and 45 from Kerala in attendance:  Men carrying their belongings walks to board a special service bus taking them to a quarantine facility amid concer about the spread of the COVID19 in Nizamuddin area of New Delhi on March 31.. COVID19 Complaint filed against Chinese President in UPs Lakhimpur. I hope that Indians dont honk after experiencing peace in their cities/neighborhood: [removed]. Its special PM Modi lauds young India for contributing to PM CARES fund india news. Jugaad Next level Workers fit scooter engine to a cart amp reach home 1200 km away . Covid19 cases in Maharashtra jump by 72 to 302 biggest singleday rise for any state. How did everyone after the Nizammudin meeting manage to travel all across the country : Just wondering how are cases popping up all over the country because of the meet.. Home ACs dont pose coronavirus threat but central air conditioning could raise risks.: [https//theprint.in/health/homeacsdontposecoronavirusthreatbutcentralairconditioningcouldraiserisks/387846/]https//theprint.in/health/homeacsdontposecoronavirusthreatbutcentralairconditioningcouldraiserisks/387846/ STAY COOL STAY HYDRATED STAY SAFE. Centre Seeks SC Direction That No Media Should Publish COVID19 News Without First Ascertaining Facts With Govt. Indias race to build a lowcost ventilator to save Covid19 patients. DankMeme NoOffence. Do You Know 32 This Is How Coronavirus Could Affect Women More Than Men. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . When gOvErNmEnT orders arent enough.. When government orders arent enough.. stupid people. i cant even.: So this morning i went to the store to buy some food and shit and i saw these two aunties hugging each other whilst wearing masks. after witnessing this incident i started to laugh in their faces and walked out of the store. i dont even care anymore. people like this deserve to die in this manner.. India will use the totality of RSS corruption to defame Muslim Citizens of India.. Hospitals and Doctors are not attemting Corona infected patients on emergency basis.. 3000000 Deaths Worst Case Scenario of COVID19 Pandemic in India. Explained Rate of COVID19 spread in India world. [Coronavirus] Seems like people dont care as much as you think that they should.: When the governments start locking down their nation take it as a warning that the worst is coming no politics or your ego and god there to save you. Stay indoors your one mistake will not only cost your lives. Avoid any sort of physical contact even with a healthy person and that includes exchanging any substance and material. Keep your hand sanitized. PS Respect all the doctors and engineers working tirelessly around the clock because of mistake of some insane ignorant people. \RespectTheLockdown. PM CARES Fund better suited to deal with coronavirus crisis say legal experts. There would have been a lot of toxic comments if this would have been an Hindu gathering. Lets see if this subreddit would do the same for this shit show.. Seeing how the WHO had praised India for its readiness to face the virus. I want to know what the doctors of India think Is India well equipped to battle this virus: [removed]. At what stage does Corona end in India..: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fsrdb7. Preacher who was Punjabs 1st Covid19 death could have been a superspreader. Health officials in Punjab suspect three people including a religious leader and the preacher who defied quarantine advice may be superspreaders. Whats up with all of this Rich/Poor Virtue signalling: I dont seem to understand like is this first time you people have witnessed the plight of poor people as if these people had never existed before this pandemic Now youre third eye has opened and youre more WOKE about the sufferings of the less fortunate Cut the crap. The fact that you have access to internet and come here to preach about virtues of life puts us all in the same boat So unless youre actually doing something other than feeling bad for them or being grateful for what you have You are NOT doing them any favors.. How is this actually going to help out ANYONE who is in need What are you hoping to accomplish by pointing out fingers on those who are privileged So you spent 2 seconds of your highly valuable time to upvote someones cartoon about poor people suffering Congratulations youre now an outstanding human being humanity will be forever indebt of your act of generosityempathy and selflessness.. Indian police wear coronavirus helmets to warn drivers as 1.3billion people are put under the worlds biggest lockdown. Initially I laughed at this and then I realized the racism and xenophobia that is about to be unleashed in this country against anyone even remotely looking Chinese. This was shared in my RWA Telegram group.. Thats great: [deleted]. Thats great. Coronavirus Nearly 100 Delhi Nizamuddin MosqueLinked COVID19 Cases All 2100 Evacuated. Maulana Saad allegedly said corona is a weapon of the government. The jamaat had atleast 10 foreigners. Thoughts. Maulana Saad allegedly said corona is a weapon of the government. The jamaat had atleast 10 foreigners. Thoughts: [deleted]. Practical tips to take care of your mental health during the stay in. Coronavirus lockdown Tipplers in Kerala with withdrawal symptoms to get special passes to buy liquor: Special passes will be issued for tipplers in Kerala to buy liquor but on doctors prescription that they are showing withdrawal symptoms due to nonavailability of alcohol in view of lockdown over novel coronavirus spread. A decision allowing the purchase of liquor from the Excise department in a controlled manner was taken by the state government to resolve what it called many social issues including suicidal tendencies and frustration among people who consumed alcohol regularly. However the medical fraternity was up in arms on Tuesday against the government order. The Kerala Government Medical Officers Association KGMOA has decided to observe April 1 as black day in protest against the order issued late on Monday night. Dr Vijayakrishnan G S General Secretary of the KGMOA called the decision a medical blunder. The Indian Medical AssociationIMA also flayed the Left governments plan to supply liquor to addicts based on prescription saying it was not scientific. Three men in Kerala have committed suicide after allegedly showing alcohol withdrawal symptoms within days after liquor stores shut the doors following the 21day national lockdown that came into force last Wednesday to try halt the spread of COVID19. Similar incidents have been reported in other parts of the country including in neighbouring Telangana and Karnataka. Kerala has the highest per capita consumption of alcohol in the country. The sale of liquor in the state has continued on an upward spiral despite the prohibitive tax on legal alcohol and the many dry days. The state had a record Rs 14508 crore liquor sales in 201819 sold through the Kerala State Beverages Corporation Bevco the stateowned liquor retail monopoly compared to around Rs 11000 crore in the previous year according to official data. Friends If interested to HELP Orphans and NEEDY People without donating Money. Please LIKE SHARE amp SUBSCRIBE this YouTube Channel INVICTUS BIKER WE THE HELPERS. [https//www.youtube.com/watchvSi1Y4PIOKyc]https//www.youtube.com/watchvSi1Y4PIOKyc Source India Today Source URL [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronaviruslockdowntipplerskeralawithdrawalsymptomsspecialpassesbuyliquordoctors166193520200401]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronaviruslockdowntipplerskeralawithdrawalsymptomsspecialpassesbuyliquordoctors166193520200401. First Charity Helping Poor People During Lockdown And Pandemic Part 1. With India on Lockdown Endangered Sea Turtles on Course to Lay SIXTY MILLION Eggs This Year: [deleted]. With India on Lockdown Endangered Sea Turtles on Course to Lay SIXTY MILLION Eggs This Year. Coronavirus outbreak timeline. Live updates White House task force projects 100000 to 240000 deaths in U.S. even with mitigation efforts. 90 tones of medical equipmentsinclusing 35 lakh surgical masks. What are the chances that the lockdown will be extended in India: It wont make sense to lift the lockdown if the cases and deaths are increasing right So will the government increase the lockdown or just ignore the data.. Govt doctors in Kerala to observe statewide black day on Wednesday. Realtime Update on India Coronavirus cases. State wise and District wise data.. Perspective Simple DIY masks could help flatten the curve. We should all wear them in public.. [4th March 2020] Preparedness and action for COVID19 Link to Economic Times. NRI vs RI Did we change or did we not : [deleted]. India Sends COVID19 Protective Gear To Serbia Amid Huge Shortage At Home. New24 Due to whose failure did Jamaat gathered at Nizamuddin. Will Wine Shops Be Open In New Delhi Starting April: Does anyone have any source which says when the wine shops will be functional in New Delhi South Delhi amid the National Lockdown. Indians need to get wiped out: [removed]. India Sends COVID19 Protective Gear To Serbia Amid Huge Shortage At Home. Health min recommends antimalarial drug for COVID19. Now thats what our house does Fect corona: [deleted]. Conspiracies surrounding Corona virus in India: Okay I have to ask this. How many amongst you believe that the Corona epidemic is a well thought strategy by China for world domination. And as part of that strategy they are willing to sacrifice a large portion of their population. Please post some credible sources also to back your claims. Thanks.. Dashboard Covid19 Updates and Stats India. Baghel Had PM Taken States Into Confidence on Lockdown the Chaos Couldve Been Avoided. If they had rejected the virus in the first place. Coronavirus 10 deaths 300 hospitalisations linked to Tablighi Jamaat meet in Nizamuddin: [deleted]. WHO recommendations for the general public regarding the spread of coronavirus infection COVID19: [removed]. Distrust in politicians: Its such a pity that trust in politicians in so low that we as a nation have always been confident that testing hasnt been proper and theyre under reporting. Not saying the current govt are saints but this distrust has been building for decades now.. Together we can fight this war stay home stay safe Issued in the public interest an initiative by I.I.M.U.N. Over 400 members of Sikh community including foreign nationals are stranded in Majnu Ka Tilla Gurudwara in New Delhi ever since lockdown was announced.Neither Central nor Punjab Govt has come to their rescue.Are we waiting for another Nizamuddin Markaz disaster. Which organisations are doing good work that one should donate to other than PMCARES or CM relief funds: Specifically in the context of COVID19. Yes I know some CM Relief funds are being used for good but Im looking to find out about other orgs who might be doing equally good work but didnt get the spotlight.. Aiims doctors evicted from their homes for Coronavirus fear.. India COVID19 death toll rises to 35 cases increase to 1397. Total coronavirus positive cases crosses 101 in karnataka. Thrissur Kerala police feeds stray dog. feed them if possible. Together we can fight this war stay home stay safe: [deleted]. Top German ventilator company warns on global supply crunch. Jammu lockdown With nowhere to go hundreds of stranded Vaishno Devi pilgrims take refuge in a temple complex. Talibani crime by Tablighi Jamaat this is not negligence its a criminal act Mukhar Abbas Naqvi. Indian exslaves unite to inform unaware survivors about coronavirus. Singer Kanika Kapoor tests positive for coronavirus for fifth time. Is it china responsible for coronavirus outbreak INDIAS18 Coron.... Indian government sad state. Thats what happens when you dont follow lockdown Sita.. Other places of worship were open till 20th March 2020. Where did it go wrong for Nizamuddin markaz. If anyone is aware of passengers who travelled this train. Please contact the authority [verified]. How long can this be allowed to continue. Migration Of Labourers Triggered By Fake News Observes SC Calls For Responsible Media Coverage On COVID19 [Read Order]. What is the first thing youll do once everything goes back to normal: [removed]. Delhi Police release a video of its warning to senior members of Markaz Nizamuddin to vacate Markaz amp follow lockdown guidelines on 23rd March 2020.. https//www.thequint.com/news/india/coronaviruscovid19tablighijamaatnizamuddinmarkazdelhigovernment: [deleted]. Is apathy really the only way we can deal with this situation. Prime Minister Narendra Modis mother Hirabai donated Rs 25000 from her personal savings to PMCARES Fund.. Vaishno Devi pilgrims stranded In Jammu. Will Centres COVID19 Relief Package Really Cost it Rs 1.7 Lakh Crore NewsClick. Essential Deliveries in India be like. Shekhar Gupta is such a legend. WATCH Delhi Police release a video of its warning to senior members of Markaz Nizamuddin to vacate Markaz amp follow lockdown guidelines on 23rd March 2020. COVID19. How an unplanned lockdown is affecting the poor workers.. What do you people think will happen after the lockdown period Will the situation become better if so howor will the lockdown period be extended: [removed]. Well what can one say.. Malaysian woman found coronavirus positive first in Jharkhand: [deleted]. Congratulations: [removed]. Bhag Corona Educational Corona Game: [removed]. Tamil Nadu reports 57 new COVID19 cases in a day.Of those who tested positive 50 persons are linked to a conference of Islamic preachers belonging to the Tablighi Jamaat in New Delhi. 22 persons are from Tirunelveli district alone and further 18 from Namakkal district.. Congratulations. What everyone needs to understand regarding the lockdown: The lockdown itself is not going to solve anything. The lockdown is only buying us some time. This comes at a huge price and the nation is paying for it. If the government doesnt utilize this time to aggressively test and isolate the infected people the price the nation is paying right now would go down the drain. The more you delay testing and isolating the more out of hand the situation gets. Exponentially out of hand.. Congratulations. This is more dangerous than COVID19. All the privileged people getting angry here when someone is calling out their privilege is great for the country. Keep it up guys.: [removed]. Invite opinions about the religious gathering at Markaz Nizamuddin.: Was it necessary Was the government aware of this gathering Who were the organisers Were they unaware of the Corona virus crisis and lockdown. I wonder what lessons they learned in the event.. 300 Foreigners Who Attended Nizamuddin Event May Be Blacklisted For Violating Visa Conditions. Helping poor people and stranded animal eat during this pandemic.: Raise funds for Helping poor people and stranded animal eat during this pandemic.. Your donation has the power to help them move closer to their goal amount. Please contribute. https//www.ketto.org/fundraiser/helpingpoorpeopleandstrandedanimaleatduringthispandemicutmsourceinternalamputmmediumnativeShareamputmcampaignhelpingpoorpeopleandstrandedanimaleatduringthispandemicamputmcontent1414931ampshby1. Muslim clerics exhibiting symptoms of CoVid19 found spitting out on roads from buses.. Migrants in India sprayed with disinfectant to fight coronavirus. Centre Seeks SC Direction That No Media Should Publish COVID19 News Without First Ascertaining Facts With Govt. COVID19 Panic among India health workers over PPE shortages. India Manhunt crackdown on Muslim group over coronavirus cases. Indias coronavirus curve spikes up with cases doubling in five days. Coronavirus 59 people test positive in Mumbai taking the total number of cases in Maharashtra to 302.. Coronavirus Jio offers 100 minutes of free Talktime 100 free SMS to help poor amid COVID19 lockdown. Another Leopard Spotted In Chandigarh Police Ask Residents To Stay Indoors. Corona Impact Recession To Hit World Economy With Likely Exception Of India China Says UN Report. Here Is List Of Celebrities Corporates And Ministers Who Donated To Fight Coronavirus. Migrant Workers Sprayed With Chemicals In UP Bareilly DM Admits Mistake: [deleted]. Covid19 cases rise in Delhi third highest in country after Kerala and Maharashra A statewise tally. What your opinion on the markaz incident: Hey guys was wondering what yall were able to derive from the recent markaz incident. Were they informed and still reluctant to stop the gathering Was it the fault of the delhi govt which did not evacuate these people Is the media exaggerating Care to weigh in Thanks. Chemists Claim Shortage of Essential Medicines Due To Hoarding amp Panic Buying. It is Difficult Not to Feel Furious: [removed]. Mumbai Sanitisers worth Rs 22.13 lakh seized 1 arrested. 52yearold person has been found positive for Coronavirus in Assam.  What Is This Coronavirus Testing NonContact InfaRed ThemaMet.... [OLD] [March 13 2020] 81 Coronavirus Cases In India Says Health Ministry Adds Not Emergency. Centre Seeks SC Direction That No Media Should Publish COVID19 News Without First Ascertaining Facts With Govt. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday announced that she would be contributing Rs 5 lakh to the Prime Ministers National Relief Fund and a like amount to the West Bengal State Emergency Relief Fund to support the countrys efforts in fighting COVID19.. Rainwear Cloth Masks Across India Doctors Nurses Grow Restive in Absence of Basic Protective Gear. Relevant xkcd . Coronavirus Leaving behind cities migrants are returning home to weak healthcare infrastructure. 45 people from Tamil Nadu who attended the gathering at Nizamuddin Markaz in Delhi have been tested positive for COVID19 Beela Rajesh Health Secretary Tamil Nadu. Lockdown or not Covid19 raises key questions on decisionmaking in a democracy like India. Over 200 scientists and members of Indian academic community ask government to rapidly enhance testing facilities to detect COVID19 in every region of the country. Markaz Nizamuddin. It is same everywhere. Hours before lockdown Modi asked printmedia owners editors to refrain from negative COVID coverage. Police adds fuel to the fire by puncturing tires of 2 wheeler vehicles belonging to people who came to DMartUjjain to pick up essentials without warning. This is not what we need in this time of need. Who is responsible for this Why is this not being talked about here. This is probably a dumb question but why are there so many migrant workers walking back to their home states/villages: Ive seen countless stories of migrant workers having to walk hundreds of kilometers to their home states because of the quarantine and the fact that theyve most likely lost their jobs during this time and they have nowhere to go my question is why do they have to leave immediately to go to their homes Dont they currently have somewhere to go What I am trying to get at is had the quarantine not happened they presumably have a place to sleep in after theyve worked for the day what happened to those places I would think its some sort of makeshift accommodation or something of that sort but would they have immediately been kicked out of those places. Uncle Ji MD from WhatsApp University discovered the cure Plenty of Ayurvedic benefits. 17 Foreigners Among 24 Hiding in Mosque Rescued Quarantined in Ranchi. PM cares. FAKE ALERT Rana Ayyub Abhisar Sharma JNUSU label lockdown violators as migrant labourers Times of India. Centre seeks in Supreme Court that no media publish COVID19 info without ascertaining facts with govt. This 6YrOld Donated Everything in His Piggy Bank For COVID19. Trickle Down Biology Source Sandeep Adhwaryu for TOI. What we know about the genome of the virus in India. Doctors/Professionals of r/india what can the capable literate youth of country can do to help in this situation apart from pm relief fund and social distancing: These are times of national crises and every resource should count. I recently came to know of a small startup in Bangalore or somewhere which is having volunteers to make groceries and daily items available for people in quarantine. Can we get some more ideas on this thread about places where we can provide support physically virtually or in any other way. Connection Of Coronavirus Pandemic and Climate Change. Doctors Day 2020 Let Us Salute Every Corona warrior. Govt prescribes Yoga with Modi for foreign envoys battling stress of Covid19 lockdown. Covid Trends by Aatish Bhatia in colab with Minute Physics. Coronavirus pandemic Transgenders in Uttar Pradesh spend savings to feed migrant labourers. 1500 evacuated from Nizamuddin centre 441 have virus symptoms Kejriwal Business Standard News. A 93 year old Indian man with diabetes and hypertension who contracted Coronavirus and suffered a heart attack while hospitalized is now returning home after miraculous recovery from COVID19. CoronaCases. No medical shops or grocery shops opened: [removed]. INDIA a country where even a global fucking pandemic is given a communal colour.: Blame the idiots not the whole religion they termed it as corona jihad Wow man i have no words. This is really a new low.. Carefool Prime Minister. 441 attendees of Tablighi Jamaat event in Delhi showing symptoms of coronavirus reveals CM Kejriwal. Indias Shincheonji moment. Ok Google set a reminder to send my hourly picture. India sees a surge in positive cases as tally reaches 660. Coronavirus in Karnataka Seven new coronavirus cases reported in Karnataka tally up to 98. Delhi Nizamuddin event sparks massive search for Covid19 cases. 15yearold asks PM Modi to order all religious trusts to donate 80 of Gods wealth to fight Covid19.. Man throw away 1500 litres of milk video goes viral. WHO India ramps up efforts to contain the spread of novel coronavirus. Coronavirus in India 230 confirmed cases in Maharashtra take country Covid19 tally to 1360. Prime Minister Narendra Modis mother Hiraba donates Rs 25000 from her personal savings to PMCARES Fund.. Large gathering of devotees at Maharashtras Shirdi Saibaba Temple for last aarti ritual. The temple will be closed from 3 pm today over CoronavirusOutbreak.. Stay home Mumbai. NGO denies food to minorities shame on these people.. Markaz Nizamuddin Ke Maujooda Halaat Or Media Ki Haqiqat Current situation in Nizamuddin center and the reality of media. Bengal sweet shops to open from Tuesday amid coronavirus lockdown. Cycling COVID19 amp You A Video Encouraging Cyclists in India to Stay Home. Shame on these people.. On a crackdown against fake news on Covid19 police in Kolkata have drawn up a list of unlikely suspects including an IAS officers wife a professor an exMP. How many Covid19 tests have been done uptil now. How to spend time in quarantine or lockdown period. Man beaten to death in Bihar for alert on migrants returning to village without medical test.. How to book COVID 19 test onlineCorona virus test. India Coronavirus news 3 out of 10 moving from cities to villages may carry coronavirus Centre tells SC India News Times of India. Coronavirus Anger as migrants sprayed with disinfectant in India An investigation has been launched after a group of migrant workers were filmed being doused in a chemical solution by Indian officials.. India Coronavirus LIVE UPDATES 441 people brought out of Delhi mosque are symptomatic says Kejriwal. Punjab CoVid Updates thread: [removed]. Jammu and Kashmir police use batons and FIRs to enforce COVID19 lockdown hospitals struggle. Coronavirus Assam Doctor Dies Allegedly After Taking AntiMalarial Drug As COVID19 Prevention. Do You Know 31 Handy Guide of All the Key Terms Related to Coronavirus Dictionary of Coronavirus. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . India to Extend Visas for Stranded Internationals Until April 30. Mass migration defeats Corona preventive measures MHA tells SC. Coronavirus PM should have consulted State govts. before announcing lockdown says Chhattisgarh CM Bhupesh Baghel. Not infected with COVID19 7 simple tips to stay calm. Where are all the selfrighteous people at now. Bihar man beaten to death for informing about COVID19 suspects Deccan Herald. Yuval Noah Harari the world after coronavirus Free to read Financial Times. Doctors fight coronavirus with raincoats in Bengal. Hey guys Im trying to make a cool video from home where people from all around the world throw a toilet roll to each other Im wandering if any of you in India would make a video to add. COVID19 In India Map. Covid19 World economy will go into recession with likely exception of India China says UN report. Because more than the education it is about the intent and awareness.. Can Have Bhajan Or Namaz Counsel Migrants Supreme Court To Centre. Government says 3 out of every 10 migrants may carry the disease. Are they admitting community transmission has already begun.. COVID19 Hindus denied food supplies in Pakistans Karachi. COVID19 Hindus denied food supplies in Pakistans Karachi. Walking your dog in quarantine in INDIA. Kannan Gopinathan on Twitter Salaries of doctors cut to be put in PMs newly created trust. Of doctors who are fighting this battle at the risk of their lives Seriously narendramodi Is that how you show solidarity. ..... Darul Uloom offers one of its buildings to serve as isolation ward for COVID19 patients. Covid19 Migrants kill resident in Bihar village for informing officials about their arrival. A long read but definitely provides much food for thought Would like to know your thoughts on this.: A comprehensive summary and analysis by Jaideep Varma. If youre one of those who cannot bear an alternative opinion please dont burden your dainty mind further. But if youre fine with wading into a fresh perspective that has no pretensions of being the last word some of you might just find this constructed case below worth your time. It seeks to examine if there has been an international overreaction to Coronavirus entirely in synch with the polarised world this virus was born into. Lets proceed factbyfact. All stats from the public domain have aggregated to actually provide a conservative estimate. References in first comment. Ive tried to simplify this as much as I can for easy comprehension. 1 The following are the fatality rates of Coronavirus in different agegroups 09 yrs 0 1019 yrs 0.2 2029 yrs 0.2 3039 yrs 0.2 4049 yrs 0.4 5059 yrs 1.4 6070 yrs 3.8 7079 yrs 8 80 yrs 15. So even an infected person of over 80 years has an 85 chance of survival. It is important to understand that Coronavirus affects mostly people with preexisting conditions which is why the fatality rate really starts notably increasing from the agegroup 5059. Also the rumours about more men dying are true the proportion is roughly 7030. Given that this is a respiratory disease this discrepancy has been linked to smoking by some experts not to any specific targeting by the virus. 2 The following is the approximate outcome for infected people 95 infected people need 2 weeks to recover with no medicine from home. 5 need hospitalisation. 2 need ICU. 1 need ventilator. So the vast majority of infected people can just recover by staying at home with no medicine. Even seemingly welleducated people dont seem to grasp this properly. Please hold on to this fact. The big concern for authorities is for a large number of cases to be in that 5 when there are fewer hospital beds available and especially in that 1 where there is a considerable shortage of ventilators. 3 In warmer countries for some reason that is still not clear the fatality rate is considerably lower than other places so far and the overall fatality rate of about 4.5. Brazil 2.7 Malaysia 1.2 Thailand 0.4 Saudi Arabia 0.3 India 2.3. The two outliers are Indonesia and Philippines with 8.4 and 6.7 but experts have stated these figures have emerged due to very low testing in that part of the world more testing would lower the fatality rates considerably. Low testing is a big problem in India as well. However there are no reports of people with symptoms crowding hospitals as there are in many other countries. And it is important to understand that if there are indeed many latent cases as is feared that would actually bring DOWN the fatality rate. Death tallies cant be faked and it is hard to hide the dead that is the key number and that is 20 over tenodd days. Even with limited testing the average number of new Indian cases is in the region of 100120 a day it has been like that for a week. Which means there is absolutely no evidence of exponential community spread till date in India. And that has so far been the case in all of the warm weather countries. 4 In human history untreated illnesses and unvaccinated viruses have the following as fatality rates Rabies 99 AIDS 8090 EBOLA 87 Smallpox 65 Bubonic/Pneumonic Plague 52 Tetanus 50 Cholera 47 TB 43 Chickenpox 30 Typhoid 15 SARS 11 Spanish Flu 10 Zika Virus 8 Yellow Fever 7.5 Diphtheria 7.5 Coronavirus 4.5 Measles 2.5 Swine Flu 2.1. So Coronavirus has among the lowest fatality rates in history. This is the first virus to travel so far 199 countries in this new world polarised more than ever before in human history by social media and mobile technology. A global virus in an intensely globalised world should not be a surprise at all spreading during peak travel season both domestically in China and internationally. The virus itself is more contagious than most other viruses that came before but not by such a great margin. There have been many pandemics in human history many of them far far worse than this one in terms of fatalities. But the reaction worldwide has been fraught with anxiety and panic in the face of the uncertainty of having no cure yet. Incidentally uncertainty is a condition that people in this new world mobile social media deal with far worse than any previous generation in history this has been well documented and discussed in recent times. Has that had a greater say this time than the pandemic itself 5 WHO estimates deaths arising from common flu to be between 290000 to 650000 people every year at a fatality rate of roughly 1. Coronavirus has killed about 27000 so far in about four months with very limited testing in many parts of the world truer testing would lower its 4.5 fatality rate considerably. Also two recent studies done in Italy comprehensively show that less than 1 of the deceased were healthy persons or persons without preexisting chronic diseases. Which means in the face of so much focus on Coronavirus it is not clear in many places who died FROM the Coronavirus and who died WITH the Coronavirus. Incidentally between the five winter seasons in Italy between 2013 and 2017 there were 68000 deaths from common flu. That means an average of about 4500 deaths a month during the winter season where February is the peak month. This has very emphatically been a trend in the last decade in Italy anyway of elderly people dying in droves from flu during the winter months. Does Italys death toll of approximately 9000 in three months due to Coronavirus seem high in light of this Especially when the Italians themselves are not sure in many cases if the patients are dying of Coronavirus or merely with it. The US who have just overtaken Italy on number of Coronavirus cases have an even more sordid record when it comes to the common flu. In the 2017/28 flu season the US registered 61000 deaths from flu. Thats an average of over 10000 deaths a month In the 2018/19 flu season there were 34200 deaths thats 5700 deaths a month. So far there have been about 1500 deaths from Coronavirus in the US. It is worth repeating this the Coronavirus has killed about 27000 in four months while an average of WHOs tally of common flu deaths every year is about 39000 deaths PER MONTH and critically within EXACTLY the same patient base. And recent studies in Italy have found that it is not entirely clear if many of the patients actually died from the Coronavirus. This is a huge point that will no doubt be explored in great depth by the medical fraternity in months to come. But it is worth thinking about this what would happen if there was intense 24hour media scrutiny worldwide on the common flu deaths at the rate of about 39000 a month worldwide What would it do to our minds If we discount the absence of uncertainty as common flu has prescribed cures which is why the fatality rate is low would it not lead to a similar brand of panic that we see now This disproportionate panic is apparent in the smallest things like despite WHO and the American Surgeon General categorically saying that masks are useless unless a person has definite symptoms there has been a frenzy for them. Obviously this is not at all a case to downplay the Coronavirus pandemic. It has to be combatted and the key ways are wellknown by now social distancing regular handwashing quarantines and closing down travel. A lockdown in places where there are signs of community spreading is definitely desirable. Even as a precaution this is a good option for a limited period. Beyond dispensations and politics this is about worldwide frenzy and alarmism accentuated by a mainstream media that comprehensively leans towards worstcase scenarios in the name of erring on the side of safety. And many people are unable to adjust their mind to the fact that those are worstcase scenarios and that experts in most fields do not even agree with each other and so get stuck on pessimistic and often outlandish views as the most credible one which in turn gets perpetuated. It is a perfect pointer to our times how so many react violently to that singular view being questioned and alternative views derisively dismissed without its facts examined at all. This does make one wonder about climatechange alarmism as well. For example it is worth remembering that before William Nordhaus won the Economics Nobel in 2018 climate change antialarmists were equated with climate deniers. But heres the kicker. Why is it that the far higher death tallies of flu in recent years in exactly the same patient group as that of Coronavirus never got the kind of attention that the Coronavirus tallies have received Could it have something to do with the largely modest economic and social classes getting affected by the common flu And the travelling/ jetsetting classes of people who are affected by the Coronavirus Couple this class consciousness and the blatant sacrificing of the worker class in some countries like India with the fear mongering that the political class relies on to subjugate the masses at a time when leadership standards all around the world are at an alltime low than ever before in human history and we have a lethal combination. Yes Coronavirus has changed the world but is it because of the pandemic itself or because of how all of us have responded to it. Tablighi Jamaat Know all about the Muslim outfit under scanner for spreading coronavirus in India. Coronavirus NTA extends online application date for other exams including IGNOU and NET. Indian doctors fight coronavirus with raincoats helmets amid lack of equipment. Global oil prices plunge to 2002 low but petrol diesel rates unchanged in India. Paytm is indirectly forcing all its employees to donate their salaries. Apparently if you dont fill the form they will deduct the salary of 15 days. Detailed text in Comments.. Be on a constant vigil Dont let bad habits devour you in the lockdown period.: [removed]. Randomised controlled trial of HCQ on COVID19. Its a great NEWS but NOTE its preprint paper and not yet peer reviewed. HCQ has a significant sideeffect profile that may include serious disabilities or death. There is no proven role yet for prophylaxis. Only to be used on doctors prescription.. Corona may not kill you. but Corona FUD will.: [removed]. The Corona Chronology. Say something. Himanta Biswa Sarma asks dist. admins to find if the 299 people that were present in the hotspot near NizamuddinDargah have returned to the state and quarantine them.. Odisha State Govt has approved Rs 54 lakhs from Chief Ministers Relief Fund for feeding stray animals in 5 Municipal Corporations and all 48 Municipalities of the state during Corona virus Lockdown period.. BTC constitutes helpline team for people stranded in other cities. Larsen amp Toubro LimitedLampT has committed Rs 150 crores to the PMCaresFund to support the fight against COVID19. NIOS After COVID19 Lockdown Gets Over NIOS Prepared to Conduct Exam Soon. When religion is more important than people.. Another Delhi Mohalla Clinic Doctor Has COVID19 Second Case In A Week. Deoband offers madrasa building as isolation ward writes letter to UP CM. God save India. The top trends on twitter are CoronaJihad and Terrorists.. How genuine is this..: [removed]. The top trends on twitter are CoronaJihad and Terrorists.. Great to see fundraisers like these picking up in India to immediately support healthcare workers. Newspapers providing wrong information to public regarding corona virus: [removed]. USA crosses the Corona Infected Mark Weird... Why not close the petrol pumps: [removed]. Dont Use Tobacco Alcohol to Cope With Boredom During Lockdown as These Affect Immunity Says Health Ministry News18. Nizamuddin Controversy. Longer lockdown can contain virus Research Chennai News Times of India. Govt data reveals lockdown may have flattened the coronavirus spread curve. COVID19 World economy will go into recession with likely exception of India China UN Deccan Herald. Would you approve how the Central Govt. has handled the whole Coronavirus situation up until this date Why or why not: [removed]. COVID19 Updates Uttarakhand edition: [removed]. If more than 7080 Lakh people Die in India Annually are we even going to notice deaths from Coronoavirus:  [https//www.statista.com/statistics/580178/deathrateinindia/]https//www.statista.com/statistics/580178/deathrateinindia/. Coronavirus COVID19 Uttar Pradesh UP Ambulance Staff Say Theyre Stopping Work Over Virus Safety Gear Pay. Huge Surge In Cases Expected Multiple Hotspots Expected Throughout India In 2 Weeks: Poor planning lack of proper instructions from Indian Government are going to cause the worst crisis. As millions of migrants some of them infected return to rural areas from cities this week the epidemic will be similar to what the World faced after infected Chinese migrants returned to other countries after Chinese New Year from China. There is almost no healthcare infrastructure in rural areas and bodies will start piling up.. We are doomed. Stupid Morons. Facing shortages India bets on China for swift rampup of protective health gear sources. Doctors say it is only a matter of time before Covid sweeps India. Walking with the migrants across four states one story What do we have here. For Indias Laborers Coronavirus Lockdown Is an Order to Starve. Over 20000 houses marked home quarantine in Delhi Lt Governor. Watch Indian Armys doortodoor campaign to create awareness amid pandemic. Covid19 How Kerala is using tech to prepare for worstcase scenario. India sees highest singleday jump in coronavirus cases on Monday. Coronavirus Nearly 100 cases from Mumbai tally rises to 230 in Maharashtra. No Community Transmission of Coronavirus infection yet. Coronarelieffund priministerrelieffund emergencyrelieffund Donate Rs 111 to Prime Minister Relief Fund for helping corona fight back.. One about the birds...:  Bird populations in locked down cities may rise significantly as their mating calls can now be heard clearly due to the calm and silence from a lack of traffic.. Odisha 12 migrant workers from Pipalguda in Kalahandi who had returned from Kerala have selfquarantined themselves outside the village. After returning they went to hospital for COVID19 test amp they tested negative. But they decided to stay outside as a precautionary measure.. Four supermarket staff in Mysuru arrested for denying entry to Naga youths Star of Mysore. Nizamuddin Markaz had sought help from authorities for vacating premises. The 2nd cargo Boeing 747 with 90ton of medical protective equipment landed from India to Belgrade today. The transportation of valuable supplies purchased by Serbian Government has been fully funded by the EU while UNDP Serbia organized the flight amp ensured the fastest possible delivery. People flocking in petrol station after the two days of complete lockdown in Mangalore Karnataka not even grocery stores open streets are filled with vehicles even non essential shops are open. Somebody explain to me what madness this administration is up to.. Indore is now fucked.. India Still Have Not Reached The Stage Of Community Transmission. Arvind Kejriwal Behind Anand Vihar Migration Workers Bus Stop Panic. Coronavirus Insurance Get Rs.25000 Lumpsum payout on being diagnosed positive with COVID19 at just Rs.110. Breaking Coronavirus Singer theKanikaKapoor tests positive for 5th time. 5 tests in 10 days amp the result remains positive.. Production and distribution of 5 cr sanitizer bottles begins for NE. [Coronovirus] Move out without thinking twice: We were going through the affect of the COVID19 pandemic in the country and while discussing the supposed effectiveness of the lockdown we couldnt help but notice a grave lack of communication/understanding between the general public and the law officials. While the government has allowed people to go out and buy the daily essentials they face trouble with the lawmen. To bridge this gap between the two parties we came up with an idea in an attempt to make things easier for both. ampx200B [video]gboal1lceyp41 Covidsafe An app What if we can provide the citizens with an easytouse app which can be used by them to freely travel to the stores to get whatever they need with the required permissions from the authorities And we did it Through our app people can get time credits basically an account of the time allotted to them and can move around to gather essential goods and services without getting bothered by the law authorities. For example Citizen A will be given a 2 hours time per week to move out. He/She requests for 1 hour out of 2 to move out for purchasing essential needs and to do other important tasks. The local/state/central authority approves the request keeping in mind the time allotted to other people from the same area so that not many people from a particular area go out at the same time. Lets say authority wants only 100 people from an area via pincode or area name outside they can manage it through the app as in accepting or rejecting the requests. Thus people get the time to gather essential goods and services in time while the authorities successfully control the flow of people. Win Win Detailed version of the app/idea can be read from the link given below [https//www.docdroid.net/zcr9I3m/covidsafev101.pdf]https//www.docdroid.net/zcr9I3m/covidsafev101.pdf ampx200B What do you guys think have we hit the Bulls eye [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fs82c7. The story of two of the oldest patients from Kerala comes like a ray of hope. 93yearold Thomas and 88yearold Mariyamma have made a full recovery from the COVID19. Exposed Ventilator vultures profiteering from Covid19 crisis. Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporations Disaster Response Force. is spraying disinfectant in my neighbourhood. Detailed description of the:  We were going through the affect of the COVID19 pandemic in the country and while discussing the supposed effectiveness of the lockdown we couldnt help but notice a grave lack of communication/understanding between the general public and the law officials. While the government has allowed people to go out and buy the daily essentials they face trouble with the lawmen. To bridge this gap between the two parties we came up with an idea in an attempt to make things easier for both. [video]6aj5djmbdyp41 ampx200B An app What if we can provide the citizens with an easytouse app which can be used by them to freely travel to the stores to get whatever they need with the required permissions from the authorities And we did it Through our app people can get time credits basically an account of the time allotted to them and can move around to gather essential goods and services without getting bothered by the law authorities. For example Citizen A will be given a 2 hours time per week to move out. He/She requests for 1 hour out of 2 to move out for purchasing essential needs and to do other important tasks. The local/state/central authority approves the request keeping in mind the time allotted to other people from the same area so that not many people from a particular area go out at the same time. Lets say authority wants only 100 people from an area via pincode or area name outside they can manage it through the app as in accepting or rejecting the requests. Thus people get the time to gather essential goods and services in time while the authorities successfully control the flow of people. Win Win Detailed version of the app/idea can be read from the link given below [https//www.docdroid.net/zcr9I3m/covidsafev101.pdf]https//www.docdroid.net/zcr9I3m/covidsafev101.pdf ampx200B What do you guys think have we hit the Bulls eye [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fs7x5y. Covid19 Effect Had to wait a few to catch someone drive their car to BandraWorli Sea Link road.. Pakistani Media on PM Modi Lockdown and fight against Coronavirus [MARC.... Ive provided WHO source to him . But Tell me if hes right . Remmeber hes talking about confirmed cases not estimated . Ive already said estimated could be this much. Ive provided WHO source to him . But Tell me if hes right . Remmeber hes talking about confirmed cases not estimated . Ive already said estimated could be this much. Curfew Shorts. Only India China will survive coronavirus rest of the entire world economy will go into recession UN. StayHome Videos With KanganaRanaut 15 Books To Read During Lockdown 419. Migrant workers distrust a state that does not take them into account. Check out this travel advisory from the Ministry of Health in January when only 1 person had died of Covid19.. A 2011 review of highquality studies found that among all physical interventions used against respiratory virusesincluding handwashing gloves and social distancingmasks performed best although a combination of strategies was still optimal.. Its time to face the fact that face masks work Homemade or commercial please wear one. Govt Urges India Inc to Make Ventilators on Mission Mode to Source 10000 Units from China. Chinese government lied about a guy eating a bat and now I cant pay my rent.. 4 Major Economic Reliefs Provided by the Government amid Coronavirus. Andhra govt is tracking phone signals of everyone in COVID19 home quarantine. Chinese government lied about a guy eating a bat and now I cant pay my rent.. 6 killed confirmed more than 200 people are positive 1500 people were present read full report Uttarakhand Latest News Latest News in Uttarakhand . Chinese government lied about a guy eating a bay and now I cant pay my rent.. Chinese government lied about a guy eating a bay and now I cant pay my rent.. Keralas oldest COVID19 patients aged 93 and 88 make full recovery. Dont let down your guard. Warns WHO to Asian countries. Long battle ahead.. Congress questions setting up of PM CARES Fund to deal with coronavirus. Snap.... Tamil Nadu stares at mega cluster as 10 Tablighi delegates test positive Chennai News Times of India. Quarantine pronunciation: Why are all these people pronouncing quarantine so weird by saying I so different its quarantine it quarantiiiiine. PLAN [source in comments]. Maharashtra government demands 25000 crores to fight Covid19.. Why People from Muslim Community are so ardent and refuse to follow guidelines set by Government: So many cases From Islampur Sangali to now Nizamuddin Even after they being told to quarantine Even after they being told to not to organize communal meets there were news of religious congregation. Why dont they just follow the rules set by Government in such grieve times Why cant they follow path of science for once to save not just themselves but people around them Whats with this attitude that Religion is greater than any rule of land I am not against Muslim community I am liberal and secular but I fail to understand why defying rules and guidelines is such normal thing for Muslim community people . Yogi Adityanath conducted aerial survey amidst corona scare.. Yogi conducts aerial survey in Noida Ghaziabad amidst corona scare.. Mahindra develops prototype ventilator costing 7500 rupees to battle Corona virus. Best use of time available.. When we are not Indians: India bring people from abroad because they were indians its their home.... But within india Bihar dont even trying to bring their people home... Observation not opinion corona MigrantsOnTheRoad. Coronavirus Impressed with welfare work Muslim woman donates savings for Hajj to RSSaffiliate India News. Corona is not a health emergency on 13th March to the complete lockdown now this government is clueless.  . 200 people in Nizamuddin develop symptoms area cordoned off. The cases surfaced from people who attended the Talibhi Jamaat Conference where 8000 people from 4 countries had come including 800 preachers from Indonesia who came on a tourist visa. American stranded in India here.: I have been in India since November after my college graduation. Im holed up in my aunts room which has no AC How do you Indians deal with this. Im just writing this up because Im super bored. I miss Texas and good Mexican food the Mexican food served in India should be considered a war crime its horrendous. If you have any information regarding the evacuation of American citizens please DM me Im really desperate I need to get out of here.. This one hit hard. This one hit hard. Telangana 6 people who attended Nizamuddin congregation in Delhi die of coronavirus. People In India Are Dropping Dead After Walking Hundreds of Miles During Coronavirus Lockdown. COVID19 testing stats per million people by country India is at 3rd lowest among 100 countries that are reporting numbers. Only 28 tests performed per million people while most other countries are testing 10100 times more.. The true Covid19 numbers in India: The Covid19 cases reporting was overtaken by the ministry of health from ICMR. In my last post some people commented some who I assume are doctors that why are am I spreading panic I think there is a significant part of society who believes that spreading panic is quite harmful and overall detrimental at the cost of reality. Their point is arguable but I wont waste time debating that there are far more important things at present. I do not have access to any official sources or data I just want to point that outright this is merely an observation looking at global data on 3 months of the pandemic. The case fatality rate CFR is calculated by the number of deaths divided by total number of people affected times hundred. The CFR of Covid19 was initially reported by China to be around 23 with the majority of deaths in the elderly. But data from the EU presents a more variable CFR ranging from 11 in Italy to lt1 in Germany. In the US the CFR is around 1.5. The main factor which is contributing to this variance is firstly its still early in the course of the pandemic to obtain a reliable estimate and secondly and more important for our discussion is the size of the denominator is high in countries reporting low CFR. These countries have done more testing and have found more number of cases of infection who are either asymptomatic or only have minor symptoms not warranting hospital visits i.e asymptomatic carriers. Its the opposite for countries like Italy where the high CFR points to testing are only done in those presenting with symptomatic infections which reduces the denominator. The fatality of SARSCOV2 may not be as high as reported by Italy. Coming back to India. The CFR has gradually increased from 1.5 to now at 3.5. As long as the CFR stays below 5 it would mean that we are somewhat testing and finding out most of the infections in the community at an acceptable level but a higher CFR would mean that we are only testing symptomatic infections or severe presentations which is reducing our true denominator. This would be a crude but an effective way of keeping tabs on the scale of infection and take precautions accordingly. PS 1. There is a lot of assumptions made in this text. CFR is assumed not to be influenced by genotypes of different populations public health care access and prevalence of noncommunicable illnesses diabetes hypertension etc. These factors would certainly affect the CFR but at a large enough scale these covariates will assume a normal distribution. 2. Still very early in the pandemic so data points are rapidly changing as the situation evolves. We dont know how lethal is this virus the true CFR. I could be completely wrong about this whole thing.. ExIndia football captain offers his building as a camp for migraint workers during lockdown. COVID19 testing stats per million people by country India is at 3rd lowest among 100 countries that are reporting numbers. Only 28 tests performed per million people while most other countries are testing 10100 times more per capita.. Truth and false about corona virus in hindi. Indias corona strategy is very amoebic It is primarily focussed on curbing mass transmission rather than managing and treating the virus infection. 136 million jobs at risk in postcorona India. Govt takes over Hyatt Marriott other Lucknow 5star hotels to lodge medical staff fighting Covid19. RSS sets up kitchen in Anand Vihar Bus terminus. Yogi sends buses Arvind earns blame. Coronavirus 10 deaths 300 hospitalisations linked to Tablighi Jamaat meet. Would everyone wearing face masks help us slow the spread of the pandemic. Thoughts. Masks essential to prevent spread of COVID19. Using masks for COVID19 prevention The changing tide of opinion: [removed]. Using masks for COVID19 prevention The changing tide of opinion. Govt takes over Hyatt Marriott other Lucknow 5star hotels to lodge medical staff fighting Covid19. If you were sick in late November 2019 to the start/mid of January 2020 we need your help in collecting some meaningful data.: [removed]. Im jealous. Migrants in India sprayed with disinfectant to fight coronavirus. Meanwhile in India. Sandesh roshogolla Bengal sweet shops to open from Tuesday amid coronavirus lockdown: A dessert or a sweet dish is a must after a Bengali meal. Keeping in mind the sweettooth of the people of state West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to relax the lockdown rules for the sweets industry. From Tuesday onwards sweet shops will remain open between 12 pm to 4 pm to cater to the cravings for something sweet maybe a cottage cheese sandesh or syrupy roshogolla after a hearty meal. But why was the chief minister keen on opening the sweet shops Apart from her understanding of the Bengali taste buds and the fetish for sweets Mamata Banerjee is trying to help milkmen and people involved in dairy businesses. Mamata Banerjee received information that cottage cheese chhena/paneer was going to waste after the lockdown and that milkmen were throwing away milk in drains. With sweet shops being affected by the lockdown the cottage cheese and milk industry are suffering losses. Hence Mamata Banerjees move could be an initiative to help these people carry on their trade. However according to political pundits this initiative will go a long way politically too as it showcases her love for the people of her state and everything that matters to them. Friends If interested to HELP Orphans and NEEDY People without donating Money. Please WATCH THE VIDEOS. LIKE SHARE amp SUBSCRIBE this YouTube Channel INVICTUS BIKER WE THE HELPERS. Source India Today Source URL [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/westbengalsweetshopsopentuesdaymarch31coronaviruslockdown166155220200331]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/westbengalsweetshopsopentuesdaymarch31coronaviruslockdown166155220200331. Time For Our Religious Leaders To Give Back: [removed]. This Government had money to splurge on Statues why are they asking for donations now: Modi government spent several thousands of crores on building statues but they dont have money for carrying out enough testing to check the spread of coronavirus or for providing proper protective equipments to doctors nurses and other support staffs. BJP has enough money to buy MLAs in Karnataka Madhya Pradesh etc. but they want common people to contribute to this PM Cares fund. They Modi Govt. / BJP have money for running their IT cell and for supporting massive PR campaigns for Modi but they dont have money for investing in basic healthcare infrastructure in the country. They want taxpaying people to donate to pay for the sins of the govrnment. I would rather help my neighbours and my community than donate to these morons. Let all the Bhakts contribute now.. A list of verified onground donations for Covid19 and for the mass migration thats taking place in front of us. Typically in Tier 2/3 towns the cost of feeding one person is between 2530 for a meal. Consider donating. Link in image below. Be safe. Coronavirus 6 Who Attended Delhi Mosque Congregation Die Of COVID19 In Telangana. Handling of lockdown brings back DeMo memories Economist Jean Dreze. According to you when will COVID19s vaccine be invented: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/frzy6q. What do you guys think of this: [removed]. People In India Are Dropping Dead After Walking Hundreds of Miles During Coronavirus Lockdown. Kerala and Britain to adopt YS Jagans village volunteer system to fight coronavirus. KT Rama Rao Telangana Minister explains the strategy that Telangana is implementing to deal with migrant workers and Corona Virus. Can this solve the N95 mask crisis in India: [removed]. COVID19 outbreak HC rejects Asaram bail plea. No plan to extend 21day lockdown Govt. How can a NRI donate to those affected by COVID 19: [removed]. The Delhi mosque had already informed the government that people at the mosque are trapped due to curfew: [removed]. Check realtime COVID19 patients INDIA and get important informations: [removed]. Telangana 6 die in Telangana in single day. All have attended a religious congregation in Delhi: gtCoronavirus In a huge health risk as many as 1400 people continue to stay at the TabligheJamaats Markaj in Delhis Nizamuddin West even after the event. gtSix people who attended a congregation at a mosque in Delhis Nizamuddin have died in Telangana after testing positive for coronavirus. gtOf the six two died at the Gandhi Hospital and one each at the Apollo Hospital and Global Hospital in Hyderabad. Two others died in the Nizamabad and Gadwal districts respectively gtMore than 2000 delegates including from Malaysia Indonesia Saudi Arabia and Kyrgyzstan attended the TabligheJamaat from March 115. gtOver 300 people in Delhi who were part of the congregation have been taken to different hospitals to be tested for coronavirus. A cleric had died after testing positive for coronavirus in Srinagar last week. [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirus6whoattendeddelhimosquecongregationdieintelangana2203250]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirus6whoattendeddelhimosquecongregationdieintelangana2203250 [https//twitter.com/TelanganaCMO/status/1244684114000662528s20]https//twitter.com/TelanganaCMO/status/1244684114000662528s20 [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/telangana6peoplewhoattendednizamuddincongregationdieofcoronavirus166153420200330]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/telangana6peoplewhoattendednizamuddincongregationdieofcoronavirus166153420200330 [https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/covid19deathtolltelanganarises6allhadattendedjamaatmeetingdelhi121492]https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/covid19deathtolltelanganarises6allhadattendedjamaatmeetingdelhi121492 Op was flagged incorrectly. Hence reposting this .. Bangalore Police giving Demo on Covid19 Indian Police is trying every method to impose lockdown. Will the Indian Prime Minister finally do a press conference to address the COVID19 crisis: I have been watching the daily briefings held at the White House press room where Donald Trump and his team answer questions from journalists regarding his governments response to the Coronavirus pandemic. In the UK Boris Johnson is holding daily press conferences as well. The same is true for most major democracies of the world. Even in Pakistan Indias national obsession Imran Khan is holding televised sessions with major journalists and his health and economic ministers. [I cant even imagine an Indian politician let alone the Prime Minister being able to take such specific questions about the economic feasibility of their governments proposed relief package.]https//youtu.be/xosnGz7N1iE Is this the right time for Narendra Modi to finally break the streak of never having held an unscripted Q and A session and finally bring the confused and afraid public into confidence about what his government plans to do to assuage their concerns. 9 people who attended Nizamuddins congregation die of Coronavirus. One wonders how the Delhi govt. even allowed such a mass gathering during such times. Zombie Time. When people are hungry and feeble they are not well placed to revolt Jean Drze. Yogi Adityanath scolds Noida officials at COVID19 meet Stop this Nonsense. But why exactly Why didnt they pay heed to the direction issued. Singer Kanika Kapoor Hopes Next Coronavirus Test Her Fifth Will Be Negative. Watch CM Yogi conducts aerial survey in Noida Ghaziabad amid coronavirus scare. Kerala brings nonagenarian back to life 93year old Kerala man and his 86year old wife who had been in critical condition have fully recovered from COVID19. They were the parents of the Ranni native who had returned from Italy on February 29.. The Mathematics of Predicting the Course of the Coronavirus. COVID19 Stats India vs. Rest of World. CenturyOld Vaccine Investigated as a Weapon Against Coronavirus. Hindus and Sikhs being denied food rations and essentials in Pakistan.: [removed]. Coronavirus 6 Who Attended Delhi Mosque Congregation Die In Telangana: gtCoronavirus In a huge health risk as many as 1400 people continue to stay at the TabligheJamaats Markaj in Delhis Nizamuddin West even after the event. ampx200B gtSix people who attended a congregation at a mosque in Delhis Nizamuddin have died in Telangana after testing positive for coronavirus. ampx200B gtMore than 2000 delegates including from Malaysia Indonesia Saudi Arabia and Kyrgyzstan attended the TabligheJamaat from March 115. ampx200B gtOver 300 people in Delhi who were part of the congregation have been taken to different hospitals to be tested for coronavirus. A cleric had died after testing positive for coronavirus in Srinagar last week. [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirus6whoattendeddelhimosquecongregationdieintelangana2203250]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirus6whoattendeddelhimosquecongregationdieintelangana2203250. Delhi government to ask police to register an FIR against Maulana of Nizamuddin for violation of the lockdown conditions. We Will Starve Here Indias Poor Flee Cities in Mass Exodus. 6 died with covid in Telangana today. Man laughs as he wipes his shoes on face masks before they are shipped to India.. Google web search trends for Food delivery vs Grocery Delivery in last 7 days.. Kerala CM orders to feed stray dogs and those monkeys which depends temples for food during the lock down: In the current context food is not a question for just human beings. So life of all birds and animals need to be considered when we think about hunger Pinarayi Vijayan Kerala CM on daily press briefings.. Nizamuddin congregation Kejriwal orders FIR against maulana. Kerala policemen directing migrant workers guests what to do during the lockdown.. Kerala CM orders to feed stray dogs and those monkeys which depend on temples for food during the lock down. A 6 year old kid donates his piggybank collection. COVID19 Does India have enough doctors An analysis of growing COVID19 patients and existing medical capacity. For those who like it a bit dark. Indians dont need to panic about coronavirus outbreak says WHO [March 5 2020]. COVID19 Test Now Available for Booking Online via Practo. Please be careful about CORONA. In Key Breakthrough US Doctors Identify Promising Drug Combination for Covid19 Treatment. There will be a 75 cut on the salaries of the Chief Minister state cabinet MLCs MLAs State Corporation Chairpersons amp local bodies representatives in view of the financial state of Telangana due to COVID19 pandemic Telangana Chief Ministers Office CMO. In Tourist Haven Goa Tourists and Outsiders Are No Longer Welcome. Those under home quarantine in Karnataka have to send a selfie to govt every 1 hr. What is the first thing to do after the pandemicCOVID19 ends: [removed]. Patanjali donates 25 crores to fight Coronavirus.. Lockdown States seal borders to stop migrants nonavailability of labour hits supplies. Yoga with Modi PM posts videos of his fitness routine during lockdown. Human Rights Watch on India COVID19 Lockdown Puts Poor at Risk. Migrant Workers Clash With Cops In Surat TearGassed Over 90 Arrested. Theres an India beyond social media. And were ignoring it.: I love the way some affluent people are cribbing about stock outs caused because of hoarding. When there are many people who have been going without food for days on end. I love the way how some people are cribbing about being stuck in their homes with nothing to do. When there are some stuck without homes and nowhere to go. I love the way some elites are positing their fitness videos on the social media. When there are 1000s of migrants walking 100s of miles and this is not for exercise. I love the way people are posting their favorite recipe pictures on Instagram. When there are people sitting in the middle of the roads eating whatever is handed out to them out of kindness. I love the way people screamed and shouted at the airports when they were quarantined for a few hours.Wonder how many of them were herded together and sprayed with chemicals. There are two different Indias that we live in. One for the rich and one for the poor. Sometimes we are unable to see beyond our life our world our zones of comfort. I know we dont do it deliberately its just that we dont realize what we are doing because we havent seen the India of the poor. We have been shielded away from it. Forget about understanding we cant even empathize with that India. The India of the poor. Hopefully some day we will be able to look beyond these boundaries and recognize the other side of India which is starving and fighting for their lives even as we show discomfort of being locked down for a few days. Disclaimer Anyone who thinks the migrants are idiots to break the lockdown and go to their homes come over I will spray you with a disinfectant of your choice.. Corona Tracker: Pls advice if there are any sites which shows the real of cases I am seeing different number of cases in different sites so not sure which one is right and also if you have any tracking at state level would really appreciate it. Thank you . Coronavirus lockdown In Goa panic runs high as household food stocks run low. What can I as an Electrical engineering student do to help people and health care workers or anyone: Kinda of sitting on my ass doing only assignments and online course. I look at these doctors working 16 hours a day and whatnot putting their lives on the line. I obviously cant treat patients but I have my skill set as an EE. I wish I could be of some help. Can anyone suggest how I could do that and if anyone wants to join theyre welcome. PS It sounds naive I know but I feel worst case scenario is I do something and fail but I learn something on the way.. This virus might have caused one of the worst pandemics in history and destroyed the global economy but it has also created some amazing content none of which can compete with this display by our bangalore police. Even 20000 COVID19 Deaths Dont Justify Crippling Economy Endangering Crores of DailyWagers. Coronavirus 200 people from Nizamuddin develop symptoms area cordoned off. All persons under home quarantine shall send their selfie to government on a mobile application every 1 hour. Failing to do so teams will reach such defaulters amp they will be liable to be shifted to quarantine centers made by the government Dr. K Sudhakar Karnataka Minister. Countries all over the world are in lockdown but only in India are police given freedom to beat citizens to enforce law. This is pure abuse of power.. An advertisement by Jaganmohan Reddys AP government on display today in a desolated Times Square New York City [screenshot from a live stream]. Corona virus cop. COVID19All updates for Odisha: Hello this thread aims to contain all relevant updates and discussions regarding the pandemic novel corona virus situation across Odisha. [Official Website of Odisha Health and Family Welfare department]https//health.odisha.gov.in/ [Official Website of Ministry of Health and Family Welfare department India]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ [Twitter account of Odisha Health and Family Welfare department for regular update]https//twitter.com/HFWOdisha [Twitter account of Information and Public relation Department Odisha for regular updates]https//twitter.com/IPROdisha Contact Nos. State Helpline Number 104 Issues with Implementation of Lock down 06742392115 9438915986 Control room for stranded migrant labourers 1800 34567 03 National Helpline Number 1075 [Registration Website for People with Foreign travel History] http//covid19.odisha.gov.in or call State helpline number. Current Status of COVID 19 Cases in Odisha [Latest Update of Covid19 in Odisha]https//health.odisha.gov.in/pdf/covid19update30032020Eng.pdf Districts Cases Death Anugul 0 0 Boudh 0 0 Balangir 0 0 Bargarh 0 0 Balasore 0 0 Bhadrak 0 0 Cuttack 0 0 Deogarh 0 0 Dhenkanal 0 0 Ganjam 0 0 Gajapati 0 0 Jharsuguda 0 0 Jajpur 0 0 Jagatsinghpur 0 0 Khordha 3 0 Keonjhar 0 0 Kalahandi 0 0 Kandhamal 0 0 Koraput 0 0 Kendrapara 0 0 Malkangiri 0 0 Mayurbhanj 0 0 Nabrangpur 0 0 Nuapada 0 0 Nayagarh 0 0 Puri 0 0 Raygada 0 0 Sambalpur 0 0 Subarnpur 0 0 Sundargarh 0 0 Total 3 0 Testing Centers All India Institute of Medical Sciences Bhubaneswar Sijua Patrapada Bhubaneswar Odisha 751019. Phone 0674 2476789 Regional Medical Research Center NALCO Nagar Chandrasekharpur Bhubaneswar Odisha 751023. Phone 0674 230 1322 News Updates [Kalinga TV]https//kalingatv.com/ [Twitter]https//twitter.com/Kalingatv [Odisha TV]https//odishatv.in/ [Twitter]https//twitter.com/otvnews Donation [Odisha CM relief fund]https//cm.odisha.gov.in/cmrf [Online Donation]https//cmrfodisha.gov.in/donation/onlinedonation.php [PMCARES Fund]https//www.pmindia.gov.in/en/ All necessary suggestion are deeply appreciated.. A little bit of positive news 92 and 88 years old patients in Kerala cured of COVID19: [removed]. Indian traffic police infect biker with Corona Virus. Feeling Helpless You Can Actually Contribute to Coronavirus Research From Home. As the wealthy quaff wine in comfort Indias poor are thrown to the wolves Global development. Coronavirus lockdown SC seeks status report from govt. on movement of migrant workers. Doctors say its only a matter of time before virus sweeps India. Doctors Say Its Only a Matter of Time Before Virus Sweeps India. Karnataka wants those in home quarantine to send a selfie every hour starting 7 am. Quarantine will not be extended after 14April. Your views: Hey You all likely heard the statement by the govt. of no plans to extend the lockdown. Current infected toll is at 1260 with 29 casualties. Indicating that the casualties is at 2 which is actually under control considering the population of India. But the cases has been rising day by day. Well over 100 cases has been registered today. The per day number only seem to be accelerating. There are two cases in 1km radius of my house. Also my college comes under VTU has announced that itll reopen from 4th of April. Not the online class but the physical class. This makes me think how lightly people are taking this lockdown. I saw how hard the economy has been hit. So govt. is eager to resume all services asap. I understand that. But a quarantine is a period of 40 days they should keep the country under lockdown for atleast 40 days. Also the current lockdown is not being taken seriously. I see people going out. Yes essential services are not at halt and people might have been going out for that. But why would you go out everyday Many trains have been converted into wards. So definitely they are expecting more to show up. They must have predicted it. They have the data even though they dont release it to public. So i think this move by the government can be troublesome. What i think will happen they might resume the services after 14/04. But after that the infection will accelerate even faster. We might have to go in lockdown again. At that time probably for even longer period. Govt should come up and tell people the actual thing. I also understand that telling people that the situation is the worst will cause panic. But they should not state the opposite in the news. People are obviously gonna be underprepared. Now that they have said no plans to extend. You might start seeing people on road by 10th of April. Thats bad. Idk Im just worried about all this. Because Vaccination wont be ready by the end of this year. Till then we are on our own.. Karnataka wants those in home quarantine to send a selfie every hour starting 7 AM . A police officer is wearing a specially constructed coronavirus helmet to warn people to stay inside during the lockdown.. Man walks 88 km with sons body amid coronavirus lockdown. How likely is the lockdown in India going to increase: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/frs4mj. Coronavirus LIVE Bodies of COVID19 patients should be cremated irrespective of religion BMC. British hospitals soon to be flooded with tsunami of corona patients: [removed]. All bodies of COVID19 patients should be cremated irrespective of religion. Burial will not be allowed. The funeral should not involve more than 5 people Praveen Pardeshi Commissioner of Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation BMC Mumbai Maharashtra. Coronavirus News India LIVE Updates Maharashtra toll rises to 220 Kerala reports 32 fresh cases. At This Time BSNL Users Dont Need To Recharge Due To Corona. Migrant workers herded together like cattle amp disinfected with hydrochlorite spray.. A police officer is wearing a specially constructed coronavirus helmet to warn people to stay inside during the lockdown.. Is there anything that a coder can do to do his part to fight the good fight against COVID: I have ample time on my hands these days. Lost my job due to the covid19. I was wondering if I could put it to good use. My skillset is not one that can naturally help out here unfortunately but if any of you know any open source organizations or state governments or anyone whom I could help out remotely please do let me know.. Love in the time of Corona Part I. Are there any charities to donate to for dailywagers who cant earn money right now with the coronavirus lockdown: Right now with dailywagers unable to earn money even though my family is doing its best by continuing to pay anyone we directly know or use the services of we were looking to find a way to help more people through a charity of some sort.. Jamiat UlemaeHind writes to Prime Minister Narendra Modi offering space for isolation centres which can hold up to 10000 people at different premises under their network. COVID19. Migrant workers sprayed with disinfectant in Uttar Pradesh many suffer burning sensation. People who have travelled in first week of March can be considered safe by now. Strict screening had started by second week. So basically we might have evaded the worst case.: [removed]. All persons under home quarantine shall send their selfie to government on a mobile application every 1 hour. Failing to do so teams will reach such defaulters amp they will be liable to be shifted to quarantine centers made by the government Dr. K Sudhakar Karnataka Minister. After Yogi Adityanaths Outburst At COVID19 Meet Officer Seeks Leave. Can PM Modis Apology to the Poor Undo This Unplanned Lockdown. Look at the face of the little one after getting a days meal. Almost got me in to tears.: Not sure if anyone posted it here before but here it is. [video]guqhm897itp41 If you have a roof to lock you down and a two times to feed yourself then you are a privileged. DAY6 Tweet by [Gulrose Shaikh]https//twitter.com/GulRoseviews [GulRose\views]https//twitter.com/GulRoseviews [Original Tweet]https//twitter.com/GulRoseviews/status/1244562587833917441. Covid19 FIR against Noida company officials for hiding travel history. A car owner was attacked in kerala amidst corona Vitus spreading tensions: [removed]. India Needs 49Day Lockdown to Stop COVID19 Resurgence Study. Corona Lockdown Delhi Police Rescues Birds/Animals locked by owners without food ampamp water. COVID19 Migrant workers sprayed with disinfectant in Uttar. 300 In Hospitals For Coronavirus Test Many More Quarantined After Delhi Mosque Gathering.. Hello I want to donate some money to fight the coronavirus but I really dont want to donate to PM CARES because I dont trust Modi. Anyone have any alternatives: Also I want to convince my friends to donate as well so what arguments are there against PM CARES How can I convince my friends that it is a scam Any sources or anything like that. ROCK Dwayne Johnson Teremana singalong Q amp As While we stay homecoronavirus: [removed]. Indian police officer giving out information on Covid19.. Corona virus situation not that severe in comparison to othersIndia Today: Is coronavirus situation in India less severe than other countries http//dhunt.in/94ISFsaampsspd Source India Today via Dailyhunt. Corona virus situation not that severe in comparison to othersIndia Today: Is coronavirus situation in India less severe than other countries http//dhunt.in/94ISFsaampsspd Source India Today via Dailyhunt. Corona virus situation not that severe in comparison to othersIndia Today: Is coronavirus situation in India less severe than other countries http//dhunt.in/94ISFsaampsspd Source India Today via Dailyhunt. Corona virus situation not that severe in comparison to othersIndia Today: Is coronavirus situation in India less severe than other countries http//dhunt.in/94ISFsaampsspd Source India Today via Dailyhunt Download Now http//dhunt.in/DWND. Corona Effect on Environment A Social Message Must Watch: [removed]. Last call of man who died walking Lene aa sakte ho toh aa jao. Go Korona Go. Migration has to be stopped Govt to SC amid Covid19 spread fears. [Megathread] Lockdown violation: [removed]. Why cant our celebrites do somthing like this may be they are busy showing off their luxury lifestyle during lockdown.. What we can expect from the fools. Coronavirus Pandemic Along with the Medical Staff Thank the PhDs.. Yeh to pakka Mumbai jayega. MoHFW takes over the data publication https//twitter.com/arvindgunasekar/status/1244515099001393152s19. Migrants workers gathering Kerala police rule out political conspiracy. Great to see initiatives like these coming up in India to support our healthcare workers JaiHind. Is it safe to order food home: Asking for a friend.. India took 12 days to reach 1000 COVID19 cases numbers were much higher in developed nations says Health Ministry. Here is my take on current corona crisis: [removed]. Coronavirus lockdown In Goa panic runs high as household food stocks run low. Pet owner flees 2 dogs live but pug passes away. This Guy is Rescuing Foreigners Whove Been Stranded and Abused During the Indian Lockdown. UP Migrant workers given chemical bath upon their return to Bareilly DM admits it was a mistak. Where India Stands Without LockDown Stay Home or Not Real Facts with Actual Statistics. Migrant workers and their families in Uttar Pradeshs Bareilly made to squat on roads sprayed with disinfectant.. Experts have estimated that COVID19 vaccine would be available in 1218 months Director General INTL Vaccine Institute.. PTI Darul Uloom offers one of its buildings to serve as isolation ward for COVID19 patients. Humanity has stooped so low Mizoram CM seeks PM Modis intervention over racial attacks on Northeast people. This one hits hard. This was posted on r/samharris couldnt crosspost because i dont know only r/india wasnt available for crosspost.. Carrie Lam Left Hong Kong In Coronavirus Crisis. Divided Delhi under lockdown If coronavirus doesnt kill me hunger will. USA President Donald Trumps Course Of Action For Corona Pandemic Is Defective. Real Heroes vs. Real Viruses.. Coronavirus Outbreak India. Where it all began...... Womans death on sealed border triggers KeralaKarnataka battle Pinarayi writes to PM Modi. Govt. provides helpline numbers for residents of Assam stuck outside the state. Do You Know 29 Facts That shows Indian Economy could suffer due to Coronavirus in 1 Week Lockdown. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Coronavirus cases in India.. Source https//bit.ly/Covid19India. PM Modi shares 3D animated videos of him practising yoga. Indias Highways Filled With Poor Families Walking Home. 38442 tests have been conducted till now out of which 3501 were done yesterday it means we are still at less than 30 of our testing capacity.. The Global Times is a daily tabloid newspaper under the auspices of the Chinese Communist Partys Peoples Daily newspaper commenting on international issues from a nationalistic perspective. Can anyone explain whats up here. Deaths due to coronavirus 29 Deaths due to lockdown 22: Source 1 [Coronavirus deaths]https//www.covid19india.org/ Source 2 [Lockdown Deaths]https//thewire.in/rights/coronavirusnationallockdownmigrantworkersdead. Came across this hilarious video of Amitabh and Shashi Kapoor convincing people to stay in quarantine.. Telcos May Extend Validity for Prepaid Mobile Users Amid Lockdown. Please debunk the stories coming out that say Indias COVID19 is less virulent strain.. Deaths due to coronavirus 32 Deaths due to lockdown 21. Lost 10K for 2 tickets for voluntary cancellation: The government is ready to give you refunds for the voluntary cancellation of train tickets between 25th March and 13th April. But the Spice Jet declined for voluntary cancellation. I canceled for my safety before the government directive. At this moment many companies have come forward to offer help people but this SpiceJet is looting people. https//preview.redd.it/f8fcdkm1usp41.jpgwidth720ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps27bef7cc627aee80be1af4f5d869c55384d0b629. Coronavirus COVID19 ..........Our Earth is suffering is suffering from Coronavirus. The Earth is healing itself The History repeats every 100 year Plague Of Marseille 1720 Asiatic Cholera Pandemic 1820 Spanish Flu 1920 Coronavirus 2020 .. STAY HOME STAY SAFE STAY CALM... Swedens case suggests that there may not be a big correlation between lockdown imposition and the pandemic spreading. Personal protective equipment for docs right now. I hope youll find it informative. ICMR will stop giving realtime updates about number of cases. Now the numbers will be released by MoHFW twice a day. Government trying to do headline management again. SEO Experts can help brands in response to Coronavirus. Disinfecting efforts in Hyderabad city against CORONAVIRUS. Hello fellow Indians: [removed]. People confuse UPs Korauna for Corona outsiders even wont take a phone call from village. Moms F58 boss keeps harrassing her to go to work even during the lockdown.. is there any action she can take: So my mom who is old and diabetic the worst combination to have during this pandemic lives just 2km away from her office. Her boss who is much younger and healthier keeps calling her even during the lockdown asking her to go and finish files that have been left. My mom has been politely refusing her since the lockdown began but now shes becoming more and more persistent with her threats like shell complaint to the officers above or use some other tactic... Eventhough there is no official notice for her to go and do her duty on the office. Shes still forcing my mom to go and do the files.. Is there anything I can do She work in railways. Anywhere I can complaint about this or any suggestion would be helpful. No waivers for voluntary cancellation. I lost 10K.. You had all the powers Centres sharp message to Kejriwal on migrant exodus. How is everyone else doing: I remember when my father was suffering from ILDInterstitial Lung Disease the whole family came to almost a standstill What we realised was that it takes atleast 5 people 24/7 to look after a patient and to keep the house hold working. I was looking after my father 24/7 everything related to his medical care visiting doctors purchasing medicines administering medicines looking after oxygen cylinder and supply washing him etc. My Mom was looking after his food and cleaning the rooms and clothes my sister was looking after purchasing groceries and anything related to household items and also looking after her kid her husband was working and was the only source of income we has a housemaid who cooked for everyone else in the house and was helping my sister. This is what it looks like when there is a terminally ill patient in the house. My father passed ways after almost 2 years of struggle. By that time I was almost bankrupt not to mention the mental and physical toll it takes on everyone in the house. Anyway the reason I mentioned this is because with the COVID19 pandemic there will be two categories of sufferers those who have COVID19 with underlying health issues who are in danger of losing life and the others who are not COVID19 affected but still are suffering from serious illnesses such as ILD COPD Cancer HIV etc. How are the patients and their families coping With everyone directed to look after COVID19 patients how are the families of nonCOVID19 patients who are seriously ill managing in this environment. Heres a list of relief announced by the central and state governments Itll help low income families plan their expenses accordingly. [Thread]. A Spiritual Response To The Virus CORONA Hindi. Spraying this in Pimpri Chinchwad. Not sure whats that though.. Government is committed to take care of labourers from across the country living in our State. They are our partners in development of Telangana CM KCR migrantlabour. Ckmkb Pkmkb stayhome staysafe. Caught on live TV Aaj Tak anchors play antakshari to show how to pass time during a lockdown. Ckmkb Pkmkb stayhome staysafe. Coronavirus in China. Donate to Help India... https//gpay.app.goo.gl/oCi1kn. ECoR runs 1012 trains in 8 days to carry essential commodities during lockdown Bhubaneswar. States That Are Testing More Are Detecting More Cases Data Show. Disinfectant Sprayed On Migrants On Return To UP Shows Shocking Video. Coronavirus Government admits limited community transmission in India via SOP. Coronavirus 200 people from Nizamuddin develop symptoms area cordoned off. Ab wo ration bhi na le jaaye.. Shahar bhi na chhode ... To kya kare.. bhookhe mar jaaye Ye jo aaj kal police ke is kaam ko appreciate kar rahe hai wahi mahine bhar pehle issi kaam par galiya dete the because logo ko marna peetna police ka favorite kaam hai Aur jo log sirf shauk mein cool bahar. Millenials watching Ramayana b like.. Mahabharat Ramayana: [removed]. When the whole nation watched Mahabharat and Ramayana on DDNational condition of Sony TV and Colors tv would be like : [removed]. Send back children in conflict says Centre in view of Covid19 crisis. Bashing celebs for not donating: Hi everyone I have an unpopular opinion. Recently I have seen people bashing celebs for not donating or donating small amount M.S. Dhoni donated 1 lakh. I think that this is wrong. Donation means anybody can donate any amount they want. Dont get me wrong. People who have donated huge amounts should get the appriciation they deserve but abusing khans or dhoni for being on the other end should not be done. Please comment below what do you think. Any opinions are welcome and I request you to please dont abuse and if you are going to counter have a proper arguement. Thanks. Send back children in conflict says Centre in view of Covid19 crisis: [removed]. True story Credit Arvind Tegginamath. There is a maid who during lockdown is going to multiple houses and working. At each house she is saying that she is only working for them so they dont need to worry about infection but I have seen her going to multiple houses. Is there any helpline number in Delhi where I can report her : There is a maid who during lockdown is going to multiple houses and working. At each house she is saying that she is only working for them so they dont need to worry about infection but I have seen her going to multiple houses. Is there any helpline number in Delhi where I can report her . Upper amp Middle class hypocrisy about migrants going home: My relatives when I wanted to fly from New York to New Delhi in the middle of a pandemic Yes yes beta please come home. You will be safest here. My relatives when they see migrant workers walking to their villages in the middle of a pandemic These people cannot listen to instructions. They are so lazy they dont want to work they just want free food. Why are they walking Why dont they listen to the government My relatives when they learn I was trapped in an airport for 16 hours with thousands of people without sleep or access to food Im so sorry beta. This should not happen. I dont know why the government is doing things this way. My relatives when they see photos/videos of large groups of migrant workers stuck at bus stops waiting for transportation that will take them home Look at them standing next to each other. Each one of them will get Corona and give it to people in their villages and then we will say Modi is to blame. Call out Indian middle class hypocrisy in your own living rooms please. We have been taught to be this unkind. I know this because my grandmother shifted her stance the moment I pointed this out to her.. Memes On Coronavirus Lockdown Flood Twitter. See Viral Posts: [removed]. COVID19 in India The numbers: [removed]. GOVT DOING ITS WORK [ SOURCE AND INFO IN COMMENTS]. Going by Coronavirus cases trajectory in India well have over 8500 cases by the end of proposed lockdown. COVID19 in India The numbers: COVID19 in India [http//corona.webmanifestation.com/]http//corona.webmanifestation.com/ ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/yr9auaf6bsp41.pngwidth512ampformatpngampautowebpamps99e468d02a3a4ad7419eea530c134ef7c1c65e60 Ive made a simple web app that updates data every one hour from the official [MOHFW site]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/. The source code is available on GitHub [https//github.com/WebManifestation/mohfw]https//github.com/WebManifestation/mohfw. Doctors say its only a matter of time before Covid sweeps India. The person who warned more than 40 days ago is called a Pappu and the one who is late in taking decisions is called a wise man and this wise man is now preaching that diseases need to be taken in control in early stages. Just WOW :  40 [RG warning on Feb 12 about the Corona Virus threat both to our people and economy.]https//preview.redd.it/hfl16sgvasp41.pngwidth751ampformatpngampautowebpamps4eeae94ebd0557543fad8e8bee7ac8511f0e8ffe Such a shame indeed. If such are our choices going forward we should not be surprised to see more hatred more killings more disappointment in our country.. Police beating people in kerla found drinking Palm Wine. . Corona Awarness in a Gazal singing way by Dipti Sakhia. I. NHM Assam Workers going from village to village to check corona infected coming from other states. Amidst lockdown cop travels 20 hours on foot to join duty in MP. Is it safe to book plane tickets for domestic travel after the 14th: [removed]. The fact that Pakistan has more reported cases baffles me.. Army starts Covid19 testing in its hospitals issues fresh guidelines to fight pandemic. CKMKB. Kerala spraying migrants workers on March 27th. Two Northeastern students in Karnataka werent allowed to buy groceries despite showing an Aadhar Card in a Departmental Store: Few days ago a video has been circulated in social media that 2 North Eastern students from Nagaland werent allowed to buy groceries despite showing Aadhar Card. ampx200B [video]e5jtwq3r7sp41 Now Mysore police have arrested 3 people for denying entry at More Supermarket. Amid coronavirus outbreak cases of Racism from many parts of the country have increased. [Read the full story]https//www.sentinelassam.com/nationalnews/nagastudentsdeniedentryatretailfoodoutletastheylookedchinese3arrested/. Frightening Picture Prashant Kishor Tweets Video Of Workers Locked Up. Out of the box solution for ventilator shortage: Doctors of Reddit I need your input on this. There are manual ventilators where people manually pump air this has been used in emergencies like hurricane Katrina. I was thinking since India has such a high population why dont we test a large group of people those who are negative should be isolated so that they dont get Corona. These large group of people should be trained on how to manual ventilation estimates should be made how many people would be required to ventilate a person 247 in rotational shifts. Once shit hits the fan these teams can be deployed when one person gets tired another takes his place. These people can be isolated from the person they are ventilating for example if the person is in a railway coach isolation ward then the manual ventilation device can be outside the boggy and only the pipe carrying the air can go inside. We can use our large population dividend to our advantage. Doctors please provide inputs on the science and feasibility of this. If feasible and medically accurate then please pass it along to people with decision making authority.. An important but indecent question that has to arise. Why lockdown should be there in india. Thoughtless KneeJerk Move Millions of Us Cant Afford Lockdown. UP Rampur man calls COVID19 control room asking for samosas amid lockdown gets the Samosa but made to clean drain as punishment. Why do you need medical science when an entertainment channel is fighting the battle. Health reporters have 10 questions for the government as Indias coronavirus crisis deepens. Disgusting. Can the people just stop doing this Wtf is wrong with the police of India wanting to hurt foreigners That is disgusting and unacceptable. Shame on you . Where to arrange cigarettes in lockdown . Covid19 forecast and lockdown patterns. Covid19 forecast and lockdown patterns. Covid19 forecast and lockdown patterns. Covid19 forecast and lockdown patterns. The Sins of DeMo still haunting Indians: The current administration is beloved by many including those who are walking back to their home town but the admin. inherited mistrust due to a botchedup Demonistitation which I think is the reason for this Harsh version of lockdown. If the lockdown was announced in phases people would trample each other to stock supplies or commute to their hometowns. Therefore the only possible version of the lockdown that resembles a lockdown is a lockdown we are witnessing. A lot can be said about a system when it experiences stress. But one the thing that will torment the souls of millions is Labour Laws and the absence of a safety net for its most vulnerable citizens. I hope our people never experience the clusterf\\k of a healthcare system we have in place. To say that Indians today are burning for the sins of their father wouldnt be wrong metaphorically. But we can make a difference by prioritizing the right issues so that our sons and daughter wont burn in the same fire. What is the true cost of a mandir or a masjid 1.3 billion citizens What does it take for a nation to wakeup A pandemic. Kerala Liquor and Coronavirus Problem Angle. 175 Tested 2000 Quarantined After Mosque Event At Delhis Nizamuddin. Anyone know an online store thats delivering any nonessential goods: I need some retail therapy to get through quarantine but seems like all the online stores arent delivering right now. Are there any that are. So Im being dragged down to a local district hospital in Varanasi because I flew back from an Indian city on the 23rd of this month to sign an Affidavit at 4 PM. Those with parents that dont know you smoke/drink/eat non veg: How are you dealing with Corona and stay home Im not addicted by any means so Im surviving but at the same time it feels so weird to not be able to. Please start circulating so we can crowdlist and crowddonate to the relief efforts. Nobel laureates Esther Duflo amp Abhijit Banerjee bat for bolder social transfers to fight Covid19. 130 booked for travelling in vehicles meant for essential services. Nobel laureates Esther Duflo amp Abhijit Banerjee bat for bolder social transfers to fight Covid19. Fresh Top 5 Myths about Coronavirus COVID19. Especially for Indian because of the rumors spreading in social medias. The press release by AYUSH for Prevention of Coronavirus through Homeopathy. I made a simple app to list nonvirus deaths in India during COVID19. COVID19 Hindus denied food supplies in Pakistans Karachi.. How China Planted Coronavirus Into the World Economy amp Played The Dirty Game of Fear Named Covid19 To Gain Control.. [Question] Is it legal to go out for a jog amidst the ongoing lockdown: To be clear I do not want to go for a jog. However I have seen people who have and I want to know if its legal.. A police officer is wearing a coronavirus helmet to warn people to stay inside during Indias lockdown.. Cabinet secretary Rajiv Gauba says no plans to extend lockdown period. A study suggests 49days lockdown in India. No plan to extend 21 day lockdown Government. India says no plan to extend coronavirus lockdown as poor struggle.. Murica at it again. John Oliver Covers Americas Covid19 response.. Foodbanks operating across the World. Support them.. For FOOD Tribal families reach 37KM:  [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/keralamlaandcollectortrek3kmstoreach37tribalfamilieswithfoodessentials166128320200330]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/keralamlaandcollectortrek3kmstoreach37tribalfamilieswithfoodessentials166128320200330. DM Rampur orders a man to clean gutter after he orders 4 samosas via police helpline. Keeping poor safe in lockdown is state responsibility not an act of charity.. No need to panic COVID19 is something we can easily conquer Padma Bhushan Dr D Nageshwar Reddy. He says the virus has a different genome sequencing in India compared to Italy. Can somebody ELI5. Dispur releases 400 undertrial prisoners to decongest jails in view of COVID19 outbreak. Test kits for Covid19 India risks chaos with ICMRs strategy. Simulating an epidemic. Migrant workers in very large numbers gathered at Delhis Anand Vihar bus terminal to board buses to their respective home towns and villages on Saturday 28 March 2020.. Telegraph frontpage about how the migrants feel. People Flying Kites to beat boredom COVID 19 Tamilnadu. When bhakts ask what Modi could have done for millions of daily wage labourers instead of apologising for their inconvenience...: In Odisha All households below poverty line/handicapped /old aged got 140 kg rice for 1/per kg. The rice was delivered to their houses. All the people eligible for MBPY for below poverty line/handicapped/senior citizens got extra 4000 cash to spend on groceries during 21 day lockdown. Poor kids studying in anganwadi also got some amount of rice and food delivered to them. Government Doctors got their salaries of next 4 months early. All the salaries of MLAs and CM of Odisha was donated for the state budget of corona virus treatment. Im missing many other things too but these are the prominent ones All of this was done a week before India went to lockdown. In Odisha you wont see millions of daily wage labourers migrating to their villages right now despite it being one of the poorer state in India. Modi could have done so many thing instead before he declared lockdown overnight. Its not even funny when Modi government has got billions for corona virus budget and all they could do was some cheap apology.. Muslim woman donates her savings for Hajj to RSSaffiliate. Im seeing a lot of threads about innovative ideas to help the healthcare workers but what about actual production and transportation: [removed]. For all who used to commute to office and WFH now donate your transportation costs: People who commute using their own vehicles or use public transportation we will be saving the costs for that this month. This part of our monthly budget is now available to us for donation. We should donate as much as we can from the money we are saving by wfh. I do understand it might not be possible for everyone and not everyone can donate the complete amount but many of us would be able to part with some of our costs and together it will make a huge difference.. Teen creates site to track coronavirus and millions of people are using it. Has government asked societies to check on people with international travel history from the period of JanMar 2020 I have travelled to Singapore and returned on 25th feb and have 0 symptoms until now but my society committee is stating that government has asked them to check. Is there any. Coronavirus Indias pandemic lockdown turns into a human tragedy. The lockdown may not be enough to contain the virus. Interesting. Not sure if it has been put up here already.. Covid19 death toll rises to 29 in India total no. of cases 1071. 85 suspected COVID19 cases admitted to Lok Nayak Hospital Delhi. People who made fun of my previous post : I had asked people if you considered buying CONDOMS in essential items And probably few made fun As a report says condom sales in India SPIKED like never before .. record sales ... few brands are out of stock This fact goes out to those people who though that question was funny or irrelevant .... The confirmed cases graph seems to be taking a curve. Although the number of tests needs to improve as well.. The confirmed cases graph seems to be taking a curve. Although the number of tests needs to improve as well.. The confirmed cases graph seems to be taking a curve. Although the number of tests needs to improve as well.. The confirmed cases graph seems to be taking a curve. Although the number of tests needs to improve as well.. The confirmed cases graph seems to be taking a curve. Although the number of tests needs to improve as well.. Dont prove social media and messaging platforms to be the next deadly thing during coronavirus crisis: Dont prove social media and messaging platforms to be the next deadly thing during coronavirus crisis. Ive witnessed a lot of misinformation about the crisis since the last 72 hours instead of pointing fingers at each other lets talk some sense here Rumors and misinformation are causing a lot of unnecessary chaos misunderstanding and unwanted fear amongst already panicking general public Our healthcare and emergency services are already getting burnt out and these rumors make them lot harder to work for you Sharing wrongful information and videos can make it go viral across platforms manipulate the algorithms and direction of the news. Furthermore these rumors may start to outperform the real news. If you really want to share some information or videos about coronavirus its a humble request to follow these simple steps Its important to know the facts first but also understand how those around you get the information. Be patient kind and factbased. If you are the original source of information think logically if its the right thing to do and check for facts if youre not sure Provide all exhaustive details as possible which includes day date and time location names with valid and genuine reasoning. And for gods sake PLEASE STOP politicizing the posts and cause religious outrage and Im looking right at you keyboard warriors just stop ranting lets put science ahead of that nonsense Before you share something on any platform ask yourself if its constructive for everyone who might see or hear it. Even if you intend to share something with only your friends and family they might share it as well and their followers might share it too then again can possibly change the direction of the news Check the source and the sources source for their authenticity because regardless of whether the information came from your family member friend a public official a celebrity take the time to analyze it before passing it on or accepting it as fact. And even if you think their heart is in the right place be sure that their information is coming from sources that have a track record of honesty. The reality of the situation gives us a deep insight into how the majority think with a lack of thought and introspection. Were all in this together. Its our basic duty to ensure were all making the sensible decisions and not allowing rumors to take the seed everyones lives depend on it thanks. What are you doing to help local communities: [removed]. Coronavirus Indias pandemic lockdown turns into a human tragedy. Kerala With suicide cases being reported from various parts of the state after liquor sales were stopped here following CoronavirusLockdown CM Pinarayi Vijayan has directed the Excise Department to provide liquor to those with a prescription from doctors.. COVID19 Financial Package. Prayer for Coronavirus in Indore Bombay Bazar. Dear friends back home in India praying for NYC Im praying for you: [removed]. Coronavirus Indias pandemic lockdown turns into a human tragedy. New Type of Covid19 Test. IAS has emerged as Indias steel frame of resistance against coronavirus. Cross post from r/funny. Corona Virus Growth India. Indias strictest lockdown in Indore. Supply of vegetables and milk halted as well as no shops to be open.. Which NGOs are helping the immigrant workers with food/water.: I want to donate for this cause. Please comment of you some of them.. Amid all the negativity troubles and panic being caused by COVID19 a very small good news...we have reached a century of recovered cases. Coronavirus News Live Updates No plan of extending the lockdown says Cabinet Secretary: [removed]. Total Chaos in Indore becoming centre of Coronavirus: [https//www.timesnownews.com/india/article/coronavirusinindoreabsolutelockdowninmpcityfor3dayshomedeliveryoffooditemsshuttoodetails/571147]https//www.timesnownews.com/india/article/coronavirusinindoreabsolutelockdowninmpcityfor3dayshomedeliveryoffooditemsshuttoodetails/571147 Massive lockdown in Indore no way to buy essential items No milk vegetables grocery will be available for next 3 days. Indore Collectors Statement Eat Daal and Chapati vegetables can spread coronavirus. There is no direct evidence of vegetables spreading coronavirus has been identified worldwide. Three positive tested patients ran away from hospital and roamed around for more than 12 hours [https//www.bhaskar.com/news/mpnewsthreepatientsranawayfromthehospitalstayedinthecityforover12hoursonewashandedoverbythemothertwoweresearchedbythepolice0727146937324.html]https//www.bhaskar.com/news/mpnewsthreepatientsranawayfromthehospitalstayedinthecityforover12hoursonewashandedoverbythemothertwoweresearchedbythepolice0727146937324.html Except 2 all other positive cases in Indore have been from minority dominated regions. Yet people in those region are roaming around. There are incidences of opposition of doctors entry in these areas. When doctors tried to explain one person spitted on the doctor others abusing doctors.. Indian doctors being evicted from homes over coronavirus fears. Where it all began.... Sometimes i do feel like this virus is just a self cleansing mechanism of earth.. Do You Know 28 there is a selective group of people who refuse to understand the concept of staying at home. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . About 85 people possibly infected with COVID19 got admitted at Lok Nayak Hospital Delhi last night. As of now the hospital has registered a total of 106 people possibly infected with COVID19 Officials to ANI. Pls take this C0RONA seriously Important Massage BY Kapil Sharma. How to tell If we are Beating Covid19. There is no such plan of extending lockdown Cabinet Minister. How Can YOU Help Healthcare Professionals COVID19 Outbreak. As long as bhakts are wet with his once in a blue moon standup its all fine... credits amzedcan. Real reason behind CoRoNa. Hope you got it.... How effective is HCQ in protecting against COVID: The govt guidelines seem to say that it might help. Any doctors/ medical professionals who can comment Serious replies only pls. https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/AdvisoryontheuseofHydroxychloroquinasprophylaxisforSARSCoV2infection.pdf. My friend made an entertaining and educational video about how you can use your time productively during lockdown.. Mamuli Chor LAFZON KA DHUAN original [ Please donate to coronavirus relief funds and NGOs]. I wonder how many bhakt panties he dropped with that stare creditsamzedcan. You shall not pass. In todays newspaper migrant worker dies of heart attack while walking back home. The Coronavirus CoverUp Kapil Komireddi The Critic Magazine. Which fund . 5 Tips To Protect From Coronavirus in Hindi Explained. Up to date info on international travel restrictions: [removed]. The unsurprising similarities between India and Russia Putin announces a full lockdown with only 4 hrs notice. Why cant they think and plan their actions. Coronavirus Doctors Answers your Coronavirus questions Facts or Fear. Kerala Police explaining the situation to migrant workers: [deleted]. Read Very important treatment of coronavirus with medicinal herbs and food. For an effective and sustainable lockdown shouldnt India deploy all of its available secondline CAPF and paramilitary units: A cursory glance of Wikipedia says that India has less than twenty lakh police officers while it has over fifty lakh military paramilitary and other militias at its disposal. https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Listofcountriesbynumberofmilitaryandparamilitarypersonnel https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LawenforcementinIndia Even if you assume that all police officers are deployed and 50 of our nonpolice forces are tasked with duties that still leaves us with enough forces to double the number of troops on the ground without breaking a sweat. These troops could be tasked with ensuring the smooth functioning of the lockdown 1. Management of interstate migrations during the lockdown 2. Door to door supply of rations 3. General policing duties in areas with an absurdly low policepopulation ratio. Many organisations are also run on a semivoluntary basis i.e. there is no fixed salary. So other than logistics and organisation costs there would be no significant increase in the burden of the exchequer. The only downside I can see is that the troops could get infected but I think thats a risk already present with existing police officers on the road.. At least 40000 quarantined in India after single priest spread coronavirus:  NEWDEHLI India At least 40000 people have been quarantined by authorities in the Indian state of Punjab following a coronavirus outbreak linked to a single Sikh priest.. Day 2 of a small effort on part of some reporters who have the privilege to move around. Reached out to around 1500 workers to provide some food and water that might help sustain them for a bit. The aim is to keep this drive on for at least a week.. Whats the most direct way to donate money in the current situation: I dont want to donate through a fund called PM Cares. Whats a convenient way to donate to an organisation that is directly involved with providing medical assistance/food/shelter to people who need it right now. Coronavirus impact Ad budget drop likely to sting sports industry. I managed to find a pdf for the order given by the central government on the national lockdown. And I have just published an article on my website on the lockdown which is titledOn the national lockdown being out in a gathering could be illegal but being out alone by itself doesnt seem to be: [deleted]. BJP National Secretarys daughter class 12 student donates 2.5 lakhs from rental income. Nothing fishy here just an ideal politician. Link in comments.. Please watch the video if you have not watched it yet.China should be held accountable for the economic conditions we will face and they should pay for this.. IITKanpur startup says it is ready with a lowcost ventilator Bengaluru News Times of India. How Some Students Of IITDelhi Came Together To Help RickshawPullers On Campus Who Are Hit By Lockdown. IIT Gandhinagar launches Project Isaac to inspire its students Times of India. Coronavirus lockdown IIT Bhubaneswar logs in to online teaching. Coronavirus pandemic IIT Bombay launches CORONTINE to track people escaping quarantine. Coronavirus in India IITKGP researchers design face shields for healthcare workers. Chinese wet markets have come back to life.. Clock 8 pm Modi Im gonna end this mans whole career: [removed]. Principal Scientific Advisor GOI Just tweeted a thread on efforts undertaken: [deleted]. How to Significantly Slow Coronavirus Masks4All. There should be more testing for COVID19: This data is from 20 March. But the disparity is large enough to see that we havent tested enough people. South Korea was able to beat the wave only because of its rigorous testing and isolation. https//preview.redd.it/6k8dvfl80op41.pngwidth1919ampformatpngampautowebpampsb8572781d333bd8541cb8927e3ddd15e655eba6b Source [https//ourworldindata.org/grapher/covid19testspermillionpeople]https//ourworldindata.org/grapher/covid19testspermillionpeople . Impact of social distancing on the COVID19 epidemic in India link https//arxiv.org/abs/2003.12055. The way Karnataka government has closed off the Kerala border. 3 people have so far died because Karnataka police stopping emergency vehiclesnoncorona cases at the border.. Pictures Animals roam streets around the world as humans take a step back amid coronavirus pandemic. Why should we donate to PMNRF or any other PM fund if it has a surplus of 2800 Crore: Serious question. Doesnt look like PM needs our money. Theyve not even spent the money donated years ago. Should we all donate to NGOs instead. World being slaughtered silently. How should we donate to PMNRF or any other PM fund if it has a surplus of 2800 Crore: [deleted]. Police Brutality Sadism in the name of protection.. Trucks will now be allowed to cross borders. Since nobody is asking..: [removed]. Keep liquor shops open urges Rishi Kapoor Mumbai News Times of India. This video explains how gene sequencing of the Corona Virus is less aggressive for India Thoughts. Coronavirus Army doctor junior officer test positive for Covid19. Sister needs to come India from Australia amongst ongoing chaos.: Hi Let me get directly to the point. My sister is studying in Australia and now she needs to get back here until the on going crisis are over. I dont know how to get her back. According to my knowledge which can be wrong commercial airlines are not working and the borders of Singapore is closed as well. Again I dont know whether it is right or wrong. Please help me out. Any help would be extremely appreciated I just want my sister to here. Thanking you for reading ADP.. I dont know if this is legitimate or not but looks like it. Forecast of our days ahead. Coronavirus fear grips workers in India. German minister commits suicide over virus worries body found on railway tracks. Migrant Workers. Reality check amid the covid19 pandemic lock down and the array of incompetency of the govt on display. Credits Outrage Gayab amp Star Bhakts on FB. Most unprepared decisions as usual playing pass the buck to state govts while people tweet away what a great job. FFS.. Following officers who were responsible to ensure compliance to instructions issued by Chairperson National Executive Committee formed under Disaster Management Act 2005 regarding containment of the spread of Covid19 have prima facie failed to do so Ministry of Home Affairs. How to fight a virus 4 lessons from Italy. Whats cooking in your kitchen: To all the people who live away from their parents and are mediocre or novice cooks such as myself what and how are you cooking during this time of lockdown Like I can go to a supermarket look at an array of masalas and not know what I am supposed to do with them. Or I can buy a bunch of veggies and be like now what Even if I get masalas and I wouldnt know how much to use in what. Or portion sizes. Like how much of what veggies or masalas am I supposed to use to prepare a person for one meal or two meals. This lockdown is given me a newfound respect for my mom. Any idea on what would make our lives better in this context. JSW Group commits 100 crore to fight COVID19. An ode to our abysmal testing rates.  . This page from a study is circulating on Social Media Ive received in through WhatsApp. It shows the comparison between projected effect of lockdown at one stretch and with intervals. Does anyone have the link to complete study report. Glimple of what coming next from Italy.. Photo Essay on COVID19 impact on most vulnerable in Delhi. This lockdown couldnt be a better time for the government to uplift the ban on pornography in India.: [removed]. Countrys first testing kit. As a doctor on the Covid19 front I dont want clanging thalis I just want a little kindness. Actual number of CoVID19 related deaths.: By this point everyone agrees that government is hiding actual number of CoVID19 positive cases either by means of not doing enough testing or hiding the identified cases. I heard from an unverified source that one patient was identified as CoVID19 positive after death. Theyre not testing people who are alive whyd they be testing the dead ones. Thats why unverified. But there is a possibility that many people are dying without being identified as a positive case. I was thinking this could be debunked if we compare the number of deaths from month of JanMarch 2020 with average mortality rate in India in a month if such data exist. But Im unable to find any such database on government websites maybe I dont know where to look for. If someone could guide me through it Id really appreciate the help. And if someone has already made this comparison then a source link would be helpful.. Covid19 At least 22 migrants die while trying to get home during lockdown. A DIY simple face mask from locally available materials. A lesser alternative for N95 mask:  https//imgur.com/gallery/7hBcUD4 Its not mine. Sharing it for wider reach as it might help in this great war. All credits goes to the original creator of the mask. A DIY simple face mask from locally available materials. A lesser alternative for N95 mask: [removed]. How hydroxychloride works : [removed]. Crowdsource information on open stores: [removed]. DIY Face Mask. A lesser alternative for N95 mask from locally available materials.: [removed]. This is how it goes on our national television comparing data at two different scalestwo day interval left and total cases right. No sense of basic statistics . Mason walks for over 800 km from Delhi to be with family amid Covid19 lockdown. DSSSB PREVIOUS YEAR QUESTION PAPER. This all could have been avoided if we had elected an educated leader. People should come together and ask for his resignation.. For all of us stuck in quarantine. Where can the people of Himachal Pradesh avail the free food ration benefits provided by the Government Please help asking for a friend.: [removed]. Indians found the cure: [removed]. India Virus Case Count Crosses 1000 With 27 Deaths Delhi Reports 23 New Cases over Past 24 Hours. Indians found the cure: [removed]. When barber cant cut you during the lockdown foryou reallifeathome TheSongOfUs distancedance foryoupage pakistan india coronavirus. How we went to India and didnt get sick. Maharashtra A farmer from Nashik is distributing wheat harvested from 1 acre of his 3acre land to needy.. State and National funds accepting donations for Covid19. n9999. Why are we not testing to our capabilities right now Only 35k tets done for 1.3 billion people.: I recently came across a post here in which A screening doctor said that only 23 out of 200 people were being tested. I can only think this is due to lack of testing kits. But all the countries which have successfully controlled this pandemic have carried out large scale testings early on. Come on take a minute and laugh at these joke of numbers India 1. 3 bil 35k tests South korea 51 mil 316k tests Germany 83 mil 200k tests Norway 4.8 mil 50k tests India has done less no. Of tests than Norway I live in a small town Samastipur Bihar and we just heard that people that are found as suspected cases cant even be tested here. And they are sent out to other cities for testing. Im just scared that even if my family is in quarantine except my father whos in a bank and he has to go every day due to absence of these medical testing facilities along with items like masks and sanitizers I cant keep my family safe. And it scares the living shit out of me. 20 more Covid19 cases in Kerala another health worker tests positive Thiruvananthapuram News Times of India. Coronavirus Centre delivers sharp warning to states after migrant exodus says will hold officials responsible india news. Government Says Contribution To PMCARES Fund To Qualify As CSR Spending. Indias Coronavirus Lockdown Leaves Vast Numbers Stranded and Hungry. Treatment of guest workers in Kerala. Needed to share this because there is a false news spreading that they are being mistreated.. it is a battle of life and death and we have to win it PM Modi says in Mann ki Baat amid coronavirus lockdown across the nation.. COVID19 infographics relevant to India how your actions will affect them in future [OC]: [removed]. Support India.: I just did my part in the war against coronavirus. Join me in supporting those who need a helping hand at this critical hour. https//gpay.app.goo.gl/2pT8Vk. Support India.: I just did my part in the war against coronavirus. Join me in supporting those who need a helping hand at this critical hour. https//gpay.app.goo.gl/2pT8Vk. Support India.: [removed]. SHAH RUKH KHAN Strong Message For Public How To Protect From CORONAVIRUS. COVID19 Recovered patients hail Keralas healthcare facility Deccan Herald. Indias travel advisories since Jan 17 suggest Covid19 policy was designed on a wing and a prayer. Quarantine ho gaya aur talent har jagah nazar aa raha hai coronavirus effect. Indias Coronavirus Lockdown Leaves Vast Numbers Stranded and Hungry. Source in Comments. PSU charging govt hospitals high margins on protective gear. Man quarantined after returning from Lanka runs out in nude bites elderly woman to death in TN. People who have invested in shares and gold how much loss you have faced till now due to this lockdown: [removed]. The fall of NRI How Covid19 has altered the image of Punjabs darling community. In Delhi First Came the Pogroms. Then Came Coronavirus.. Read 18 chapters of Bhagavad Gita during the remaining 18 lockdown days we are doing that in our family Delhi CM urges people. Covid doesnt deserve the levels of panic were seeing in India certainly not this lockdown. Tenmonthold Baby in Karnataka Tests Positive for COVID19. Lockdown triggers desperate scramble as Indians walk hundreds of miles. Pregnant Woman Turned Back By Delhi Cops As Migrants Struggle To Get Home. Seal Border To Stop Migrants Ensure Lockdown Centres Message To States. Spare a Moment for Sorrow Amid the chaos take time to grieve our collective losses. Worth a Read: No Mine. Taken from [Source]https//www.theatlantic.com/ideas/archve/2020/03/thegrievingworld/609013/ If you have ever lost someone you loved you know the feeling of seeing the world through a bank tellers glass. You observe other people laughing and enjoying their day but you are apart from them separated by a thick bulletproof barrier. You wonder how they can savor that plate of pasta or play music that loud given whats happened. Normally the experience is isolating but in our new coronavirus world were all on the same side of the glass. Every day we are in contact with the suffering of others. Even if you dont know anyone who has died or have a loved one who you are worried will die you have read about the growing number of deaths in America. If you are like me your mind cant help but imagine the people at the other end of those numbers. Today a woman became a widow. A daughter never got to say goodbye to her father. A son answered his mothers request for a blanket the last words she would ever say to him. For many thousands today will be one of the hinge points of their life everything will be defined as either before or after. The blast radius of a single death is bigger than we might think. There are the neighbors who burn a candle in the window in solidarity with the family fretting the phone call that might come in the night. There is the retiree who has lost a bridge partner. The nurses and doctors fighting this virus have to shoulder the emotional load for every call to frantic relatives looking for a sign of hope. They also have to deliver the bad news. Death and suffering surround us all the time but typically the mourning are not in danger of being trampled by public debate. These deaths are now frontpage news fodder for Twitter fights or cable pundits. And many of us are distracted enraged scared or just doing what we can to manage a full plate of immediate worries. But in this period we should spare a moment for sorrow and grief. This is the human thing to do it is what following through on the pledge to be in this together actually means. If we spare a moment we give our neighbors the simple communal feeling of being seen in their loss. If we spare a moment we minimize the risk of sending a public signal to those who have just lost their world that the rest of the world is indifferent to their suffering. If we spare a moment we acknowledge that the national push to find solutions and get back to normal at some point as reasonable as that is is impossible for many. Ideally a public figure would use his platform as heroic leaders have in the past to set this tone. In the absence of that perhaps we can all use our platforms whether they be Twitter or the family text chain to say what I have tried to say here that we feel your loss and sorrow even if words are too clumsy. And when words fail altogether a moment of silence can say Youre not alone even in a moment of deep loneliness. The test of a time like this is that it either drives us toward our common humanity or it drives us apart. Let it be the former.. Uttar Pradesh Migrants to be accommodated in Jaypee Yamuna Expressway Township amid COVID19 pandemic. Commuting to work in lockdown ADVICE NEEDED: [removed]. Scoring to be eligible for a Covid19 test. Found in twitter.. Migrant workers on Delhi Border Why. COVID19 SubInspector writes I have violated lockdown stay away from me on labourers forehead News Times of India Videos. Twenty more COVID19 cases in Kerala:  Twenty more people were detected with coronavirus in Kerala on Saturday taking the total number of those undergoing treatment for the deadly infection to 181 health minister KK Shailaja said. While Kannur reported eight cases Kasaragod 7 Thiruvananthapuram Ernakulam Thrissur Palakkad and Malappuram reported one case each Shailaja said in a statement. Of the 20 people 18 had come from abroad and two others had been infected through contact.. Please wear face masks Honestly other Asian countries like Hongkong Taiwan South korea have had huge success by enforcing this on one and all and giving away free face masks. Just the western countries due to a lack of supply have downplayed and as usual we have been following their foolish lead.. Seven new COVID19 cases reported in Karnataka Tally mounts to 83.: [removed]. Its here Boys. Gear up for it.: Zombies are here. The moment every Neet have been waiting for. https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/coronavirusupdatetamilnadumanbreaksquarantinerunsnakedbiteswomantodeath/storyeMHys9KArSp4jj60vCCvaL.html. Meet the woman behind Indias first covid testing kit. Its here Boys. Gear up for it.: https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/coronavirusupdatetamilnadumanbreaksquarantinerunsnakedbiteswomantodeath/storyeMHys9KArSp4jj60vCCvaL.html. Karnataka Indira Canteens to provide free food to poor and needy Bengaluru News Times of India. Can we sell this statue for a direct contribution towards the PMCaresFund made for COVID19 relief. Hi honey I am a bit busy smacking a man for roaming the streets during the lockdown. Meanwhile the gangsta cows looks on.. We have tested only 35 thousand people so far with our population. In comparison Germany is testing 5 lakh people a week with a population of 84 million.. Lets just lockdown thatll do.. A Goa brewery thats churning out sanitisers now.. Bhaiyo aur Behno.... 17 Migrant Workers Kin Have Died Trying to Return Home Since the Lockdown Started. Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with AYUSH professionals over coronavirus COVID19 India News. Coronathon: Over last 7 days Indian techies and volunteers have come up with various prottypes and solutions for covid. Initiated by paraschopra on twitter. 2200 people and 40 projects Every Sunday therell be a demo. DAY 1 20 demos https//youtu.be/V0783PKCBQ. Residents of Corona a village in Sitapur say they have been facing discrimination ever since the outbreak of coronavirus. Rajan a villager says When we tell people we are from Corona they avoid us. They dont understand that its a village not someone infected with virus. After Karnataka lockdown Kerala patients on state border struggle to get treatment. Please can anyone convince me how we can even come out of this.: First of all india is a densely populated country and it has poor infrastructure which also mean lack of qualified medical professional. It has a huge amount of poor people who also bring huge labour thanks to these people we get our foodsupplies they unload/load thingsdrive them to us and what not. There seems to a thing going around people are thinking after lockdown ends corona is over this is the biggest problem it will be utter chaos the sheer number of people will make it impossible for the police to deal with when the lockdown does end. How are poor people even being quaratined are you telling me we do have the infrastructure and personnel to quarantine them they will all stashed into a big hall probably with no proper foodwater and toilets no electricity. But the media will show a few photos showing they are doing well. Usa and china two hugely populated countries in usa the virus is spreading at a ridiculous pace and china is reporting there are no new cases which is the biggest bullshit these countries cannot deal with this even with huge infrastructure and personnel. In India there are 125 police for 100000 so 125 police for 1 lakh people go look at screen of 125 people and then look at 1 lakh one also many of these 125 police serve vips... other numbers on google said there 1 doctor for every 1457 citizen.. we have a 1.3 billion people do the math and how many of these server our vips do the math. Things like repair shops being closed hurts a shitload of indians now if u have a wire burn in your home and you lose electricity you are done.. no mechanic to repair it gl expecting a government employee to fix a wire in your home if your pressure cooker breaks u now have to use gas for cooking rice which if you use cylinder will run out in a month. Lockdown or no our healthcare will collaspe a huge amount of poor people will die and suffer and then die or have permanently damaged lungs. Our supplies which we are getting are simply not gonna last. There were reports of 1500 clusterssatsang then 20000 then 40000 and then it hit slums with a population of 1 lakh then seprately poor migrant workers are migrating all over the place without them you wont get any supplies at all people dont grasp this. We didnt even hear how badly things are going in china because they suppress everything they could have served us as advanced warnings during lockdowns but now our mistakes will used by other populated countries to avoid disaster. Then we have lairs people with symptoms who will ignore them and carry on spreading their virus everywhere until its too late. People here on r/india think china handled its lockdown perfectly and nothing went wrong. The only thing to hope for is our medical professional survive without them there are always other diseases which will kill you. Now its like being thrown into a pit of lions if you have good immune system which is kinda genetic luck based and a good lifestyle plus low pollution which we lack. I almost felt like i wrote a post to a suicide forum.. This road is usually packed with cars..... This road is usually packed with cars..... Sunday Thoughts. Sunday Thoughts. Coronavirus pandemic India records highest singleday jump in COVID19 cases 918 positive now: Deaths have so far been reported from Maharashtra 5 Gujarat 3 Karnataka 2 Madhya Pradesh 2 and one each from Tamil Nadu Bihar Punjab Delhi West Bengal Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh. [SEE SALMAN KHAN DONATES 250 CRORES ]https//youtu.be/v1xVXtPoIyc The total number of COVID19 cases in India reached 918 with 179 fresh cases being reported on March 28 the highest singleday increase so far while the death toll rose to 19 according to the Union Health Ministry data. Deaths have so far been reported from Maharashtra 5 Gujarat 3 Karnataka 2 Madhya Pradesh 2 and one each from Tamil Nadu Bihar Punjab Delhi West Bengal Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh. In its updated data at 5.45 pm the ministry stated that the number of active COVID19 cases in the country was 819 which is an increases of 179 since March 27 when it was 640.. Health ministry latest briefing on novel coronavirus in India. Was the lockdown necessary: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fr52hz. Lockdown problem: [removed]. The Central Government in India has directed States to provide Adequate arrangements for food and shelter of poor and needy people including migrant laborers at the place of their work and Seal State amp District Borders to stop the exodus of migrant workers.. Do You Know 27 Why is Maharashtra Seeing a Hugr Spike in Coronavirus Infection. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Wuhan shrimp seller may be COVID 19 patient zero. KRK reviews CoronaVirus and China Plan First time he made a sensible video. COVID19 Updates Delhi: [removed]. Hi Everyone New to the group. I am from Dehradun Uttarakhand.: [removed]. COVID19 New Delhi Thread: [removed]. During the crisis of COVID19 Pandemic it is quite natural to experience a wide variety of mental health concerns. Do reach out to this org by toll free num 08046110007. Lets talk about how would world change and impact India post COVID19 pandemic is over.: Few things on my mind 1. Manufacturers to move their supply chain from China maybe to some other developing nation or their home. Maybe India can get some benefit here. 2. Tourism Industry I think is permanently damaged. We would see far less number of tourists coming to India and many other western nations wont allow Asians to enter their country. 3. Companies to move away from the idea of internationalisation. This is where employment in India can get a very bad hit. Lets discuss this. More thoughts please. We want to go home Hundreds of migrant workers in Kerala take to street to protest.  . Covid19 Updates Delhi:  Note Thread maintained from 29032020 Last updated 502 PM 29th0303 COVID19 Tracker Delhi Confirmed case49 Recovered6 Active41 Death2 Hunger Helpline numbers The following are operational between 11 am and 3 pm and 6 pm and 9 pm in the control rooms set up in all the offices of the District Magistrates in Delhi [Source]https//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/delhicurfewaapgovtlauncheshungerhelplinenumbersamidcovid19lockdowncheckfulllist/1909787/ DistrictContact number East District 8375879007 North East 9136469416 Central 7428210545 New Delhi 7290978054 North 8595364814 Shahdara 8595269577 South East 7048998835 West 8595269589 South 9818523225 South West 9871662109 North West 8595552073 COVID19 Helpline numbers 1. 01122307145 2. WhatsApp Namaste on 9013151515 and get coronavirus facts instantly PM Modi [Source]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/whatsappnamasteon9013151515andgetcoronavirusfactsinstantlypmmodi/videoshow/74816014.cms 3. Delhi BJP President Manoj Tiwari issued a helpline number8010066066 [Source]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/newsani/delhibjpissueshelplinenumbertoassistpeopleaffectedduetolockdown1200328010521.html 4. Epass to distribute essential items 1031 [Source]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/articleshow/74831417.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst 5. Central Helpline Number Tollfree 1075 ampx200B [The updated list of 500 Delhi Hunger Relief Centres]https//www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewermid1X11pR1yEU4F2gxG3NlHMc69LbW0uRWSampll28.6405630364511022C77.13994047119138ampz11 gtLunch 123 PM every day gt gtDinner 69 PM every day Watch for symptoms These symptoms may appear 214 days after exposure based on the incubation period of MERSCoV viruses. Fever Cough Shortness of breath Tightness in Chest Running Nose HeadAche Pneumonia Kidney Failure Delhi COVID19 Test Centre Test CentreLocation All India Institute Medical Sciences Delhi [AIIMS on Google Maps]https//www.google.com/maps/place/AllIndiaInstituteOfMedicalSciencesNewDelhi/28.566997277.208143817z/data4m53m41s0x390ce26f903969d70x8367180c6de2ecc28m23d28.56717734d77.2100451 National Centre of Disease Control[NCDC on Google Maps]https//www.google.com/maps/place/AllIndiaInstituteOfMedicalSciencesNewDelhi/28.567177377.207856417z/data3m14b14m53m41s0x390ce26f903969d70x8367180c6de2ecc28m23d28.56717734d77.2100451 ampx200B UPDATES Delhi DateUpdate 29032020[Food has been arranged at 15 places in Burari assembly.]https//twitter.com/Sanjeevaap/status/1244156705585258497 [Delhi Govt transferred 5000 each to 8 Lakh beneficiaries under widowdifferentlyabled and elderly pension schemes.Govt to transfer another instalment of 5000 within 10 Days.]https//twitter.com/AAPDelhi/status/1244177134211321857. Please stay at home and lets reduce the growth rate. 3 doctors test positive for Covid19 in Mumbai 1 dies. Mumbai hospital units sealed after doctor dies of COVID19. Man quarantined after returning from Lanka runs out in nude bites elderly woman to death in TN. Congress MP Rahul Gandhi writes to Prime Minister Narendra Modi offering suggestions on COVID19. Gandhi says we stand together with the government in fighting and overcoming this tremendous challenge. Please request your HR to donate 1 days salary of all employees.: I know that government is the one who should release emergency funds but this is not the time to blame them. It is not the fault might be of underprivileged that our government sucks. In this tough times we should all stand together. Most of us using this platform who are employed would be capable enough to donate at least one days wage. Thankfully we are fortunate enough. I would humbly request you all to send a mail to your respective HR asking them to make a donation to any relief fund of their choice. Our this small contribution will greatly benefit the needy.. Modi apologizes to Indias poor as lockdown criticism mounts. Lockdown in India. Ramachandra Guha on Twitter This is a very important thread. Why a new fund when a Prime Ministers National Relief Fund already exists And why the selfaggrandizing name PMCARES Must a colossal national tragedy also be misused to enhance the cult of personality. Please stay home and stay safe.... Trying to being a nationalist. Salman Khan to donate for 25000 daily wage workers in Bollywood. Is anyone else experiencing frequent power outages since the lockdown started: I receive electricity for hardly 3 hours and its not continuous 3 hours rather electricity for 15 minutes and an outage for 45 minutes.. Coronavirus LIVE States asked to help poor stop lockdown marches. Coronavirus In India Live News Updates In Uttar Pradesh Coronavirus In Uttar Pradesh Live 70.  ArvindKejriwal . Covid doesnt deserve the levels of panic were seeing in India certainly not this lockdown. There is too much negativity in here a lot of people criticizing questioning blaming. This needs to stop We need to be optimistic.: [removed]. Government exempts farming and allied activities from lockdown COVID19: gtDue to the difficulties the farmers could face in the harvesting of their crops and transporting foodgrains to the mandis. The decision will also allow unhindered harvesting of crops. ampx200B gtUnder the 2nd Addendum issued by the Union Home Ministry the categories that have been exempted from the lockdown include agencies engaged in procurement of agriculture products such as 1. MSP operations 2. Mandis operated by the Agriculture Produce Market Committee or as notified by the State Government 3. Farming operations by farmers and farm workers in the field and custom hiring centres related to farm machinery. Other exceptions 1. Manufacturing and packaging units of fertilisers 2. pesticides and seed and Intra 3. and InterState movement of harvesting and sowing related machines like combined harvester and other agriculture and horticulture implements ampx200B [http//ddnews.gov.in/national/governmentexemptsfarmingandalliedactivitieslockdowncovid19]http//ddnews.gov.in/national/governmentexemptsfarmingandalliedactivitieslockdowncovid19. Whats with the PM Relief Fund and why are they asking for donations: Isnt the government supposed to provide a relief fund and pay for it Ive been seeing the hashtags making rounds on Twitter about some celebrities donating towards it.. China promotes bear bile as coronavirus treatment alarming wildlife advocates. INDIAS18 Ground Report in Delhi lockdown INDIAS18 India lockdown.... Wuhan shrimp seller identified as coronavirus patient zero. Wasnt Defying Kolkata Lockdown Police Still Beat Me Up The Quint. Close relatives suffered amp recovered severe coronavirus symptoms. Ask if you have any queries:  I have two close relatives who suffered from Coronavirus symptoms one had critical symptoms where Doctors gave upand the other went through mild. Both recovered successfully. Ask me any queries if you have any concerns.. Delhi air quality improves amid lockdown due to coronavirus. The first time Mother India had Lockdown: [removed]. Rant Being hounded by Right Wingers:  I used to troll Canadian Kumar for his Citizenship Left Right and Center when his silly interview with PradhanSevak was aired. But surprisingly he was the First person from Bollywood to have donated Rs.25 Crores for the citizens of India I used to believe that patriotic actors like Swara Bhasker Anurag Kashyap Sonam Kapoor Vishal Dadlani Taapsee Pannu were the true saviours of the constitution and the Idea of India and would have done so much more for the country that they love so much. I have been let down by the people I used to Hold in such high regard. I used to post their messages and videos across my social media but since 2 days Im being hounded by the Right Wingers asking me where my saviours of constitution and Idea of India are when the Country actually needs them. To make it worse Im also being sent posts about the RSS Workers actually working on the streets the same workers who I used to call Chaddi Sanghis and Terrorists and to my dismay even Barkha Dutt praised these nimrods on her twitter. One of them even sent me a picture of an RSS Worker feeding a Muslim I think it was photoshopped Is it time that to change my Idols as it is severely affecting my fragile state of mind in these tense times. COVID19 Labourers who returned to village in West Bengal quarantine themselves in a tree. Are the reported numbers of coronavirus victims in India accurate: According to a website showing live results for coronavirus victims United States has over 100000 victims while India is showed to have 1000. Is this correct Considering how close India is to China and how high the population is there. India turns to location surveillance to contain spread of Covid19. Actually 8 but ok. Reaching The Last in Line. Please support local groups. Money donated to PMCares will possibly fund The IT CELL or used in purchasing more MLAs. BJP already is the worlds best richest political party with upward of 3000 crores in revenue.. India Unkles at it again: [removed]. Coronavirus patients to be treated free of cost in Maharashtra. Fk you Covidiots . Hundreds of North Indian migrant workers in Kerala are protesting in the streets asking the government to make arrangements for them to go back home: This is still going on and therell be news about it shortly apparently these workers dont understand the gravity of the situation and want the government to just let them travel across multiple states to their home states. This seems to be triggered by the news of Delhi government providing transportation facility for people going home in Delhi bad idea tbh.. Angry Reaction We Indians Are Taking Coronavirus Lightly. Migrant worker 39 collapses after walking 200km from Delhi to Agra dies. Is the PMcares fund transparent: [removed]. Apologise for Taking Harsh Steps on COVID19 PM On Mann Ki Baat. Australians trapped in Indias coronavirus lockdown fear running out of food and water. The Callousness of Indias COVID19 Response. Xi JinPing of India. Its spreading fast people... its in the music too.. Can we have a discussion on what caused this mass exodus of migrant workers: I can see blaming Arvind Kejriwal for being a massmurder and cutting off power and water supplies in migrant slums. For me its about an absolute lack of trust on the government. The migrants are helpless and they are claiming that their landlords were asking for rents even in these trying times. Please post relevant sources from your states regarding this issue.. There was no other way PM Modi apologizes to the poor hit by the novel coronavirus lockdown across the nation.. Thousands of migrants throng to take govtorganised buses for hometowns. I just cant.... Hi I watched a Khan Academy video and tried to calculate the actual infected people in India. Info from Worldometers and who.: Disclaimer Im not a statistics person. This information could be wrong. Im fed up with the government hiding the actual figures luckily I came across the Khan academy video where he tries to calculate the actual cases in his county. Video in question [https//youtu.be/mCa0JXEwDEk]https//youtu.be/mCa0JXEwDEk. I did try to go through the medium article linked but found the video easier to understand. Anyways here are a few assumptions Ive made. Assumed ParametersValueUnit Mortality Rate1percent Time from Infection to Death20days Doubling time10days ampx200B Morality Rate let us assume 1 so if there are 100 infected people one person will die. Time from infection to death Ive taken a conservative value of 20 days Doubling time This the number of days taken by the number of infected people to double. e.g. Assuming a value of 5 days. Say on day 10 there are 12 infected people then on day 15 there will be 24 infected people. This again varies by country Ive taken a conservative value 10. So the first death in India occurred on 12th March. So considering the 20 Days from infection to death and a mortality rate of 1 there should be at least 100 infected people on 21st Feb. During the same time the total reported cases in India was 3. Now we can use basic math to calculate the possible infected cases in Inda. We can also vary the assumed parameters. \ Here are my results \ Mortality rate 1 \ Time from infection to death 20 days \ Doubling time 10 days ampx200B Reported CasesPossible CasesReported DeathsPossible Deaths 91830861957 ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/n4eqsx7lfkp41.pngwidth943ampformatpngampautowebpamps5365056295891e5d947b9015990afa9f9cb069a8 \ \ Mortality rate 2 \ Time from infection to death 20 days \ Doubling time 10 days ampx200B Reported CasesPossible CasesReported DeathsPossible Deaths 91815411940 ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/7vg7d6ipfkp41.pngwidth943ampformatpngampautowebpamps720ba29b2733be53f5088bf50136831ff6d19313 \ \ Mortality rate 2 \ Time from infection to death 20 days \ Doubling time 6 days I think this the most accurate representation because WHO suggests that mortality rate is 34 it is 5 in UK India has higher population of young people so 2 seems good. The next thing is given the high population and poor hygiene 6 days of doubling time seems like a good figure. ampx200B Reported CasesPossible CasesReported DeathsPossible Deaths 91812842 1976 ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/sn4pr0uxfkp41.pngwidth943ampformatpngampautowebpampsb353f6d6684050ac6d251ba261f9a7630a536cfd. The discrepancy in projected number of cases.: My father is an officer in the state Civil Secretariat. With the declaration of Coronavirus as a global pandemic 24x7 control rooms were formed to brainstorm the policies and monitor administrative systems of the state. The members of the room being limited two of my fathers colleagues are currently a part of it. According to them the actual number of infected people in India exceeds 15000 cases. Media personnels and journalists are restricted from doing onground coverage of hospitals. And one can speculate the reasons why the government is trying to hide the numbers. I reasoned that this is to avoid panic and chaos and could also be due to political reasons.. Man ki baat. Kanika Kapoor Tests Coronavirus Positive for Fourth Time Leaves Family Concerned. Misconceptions about South Korean approach to COVID containment as compared to Indias.: [removed]. On being so irritated due to the Coronavirus and being home quarantined due to this pandemic I wrote my opinion on the current state over the world and in India in form of a short poem.. Reality of Coronavirus spread in India: There are 2 things we can see about Coronavirus 1. Official case data which seems to indicate that the virus is under control in India 2. Hear from local people about lot more positive cases being confirmed in nearby localities Now either 1 or 2 is false. What do you think is the reality of Coronavirus spread in India . Fair Warning: The next Person who calls me up and asks Were are you Will Get punched in his Throat l post lockdown.. Corona fight brigade Designer Sabyasachi donates Rs 1.5 cr Gautam Gambhir releases Rs 1 cr from MPLADS Raina contributes Rs 52 lakh. Can we find a new balance between the need to flatten the curve and the need to live our lives and revive the economy: Lets face it we dont see this lockdown ending any time soon especially given our peoples habit of not sincerely sticking to it in the first place. If you ask the experts even the best case scenario theyre giving is that of at least July/August and there are no guarantees even after that. The trouble is that this virus has moved beyond the point of containment now so we have only three options 1. Wait for a vaccine or cure which is still years away from materializing. 2. Create herd immunity among Indians by letting the virus loose and infecting at least 2/3rd of our population that way the problem will be solved but the cost will be millions of deaths which no government will allow. 3. Keep on practicing social distancing until a vaccine or cure comes out because otherwise corona will catch you the moment you step out and were back to square one. There are practical limitations to how long we can follow point 3. The rich will have no problem but what about the poor and middle income groups At some point sheer bread earning is going to become a problem how can we earn our daily life sustenance if were stuck at our homes I dont know the solution to this problem but we must have to think about one quickly.. The Two Metre Gap Is Not Enough: Here is the linkhttps//archive.li/PX3eZ Also My post of people lying on the street and unable to breathe has been deleted.Here are the links 1https//streamja.com/6BWQ1 2https//streamja.com/21zQB 3https//streamja.com/qVaNl 4https//streamja.com/akXo9. IIT Delhi Students Develop an App to Track COVID19 Positives. Leading digital news portal falsely claims India in Stage 3 of Covid19. Exodus India. 10 patients with respiratory illness test positive for coronavirus COVID19 no community transmission yet ICMR. Madhya Pradesh A Police SubInspector writes I have violated lockdown stay away from me on forehead of a labourer in Gorihar area of Chhatarpur.. From mygov corona newsdesk: [removed]. Will the 21 days lockdown be extended: [removed]. Coronovirus 19 Conquered misinformation is being spread by this Homeopathic Doctor . How do I report this type of content. Thread. Deaths due to lockdown.: The current death toll is 13. I will keep updating the thread as and when I get information regarding this. [A 39yearold man a home delivery boy for a private restaurant in Delhi amp was the father of three died in Agra after walking for about 200 kilometers]https//m.timesofindia.com/city/agra/fooddeliveryboydiesafterwalking200kmstoagrafromdelhi/amparticleshow/74864379.cmstwitterimpressiontrue [Three Workers including two children heading home on foot crushed to death in Haryana]https//twitter.com/someshjha7/status/1244113604959277056 [11yearold Rahul Musahar died of hunger in Bihar]https//twitter.com/kavitakrishnan/status/1243782511693410306 [Four migrants run over by a truck in Virar. The four migrants were part of a group of seven who wanted to reach their villages in Rajasthan after crossing into Gujarat.]https//indianexpress.com/article/cities/mumbai/fourmigrantsrunoverbyatruckinvirar6336120/ [India lockdown 62yearold dies after walking home from hospital in Surat]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/indiacoronaviruslockdown62yearolddiesafterwalkinghomefromhospitalinsurat6336202/ [The 32yearold man had stepped out of his house to buy milk during the lockdown. Family says he was beaten up by the police. A local hospital declared him brought dead.]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/bengalmanwhowasouttobuymilkdiesafterbeingbeatenupbypolice165984220200326. Kerala to supply liquor as per doctors prescription. Migrant Worker Dies After Walking 200 Km to Agra From Delhi. It Has Begun. IT HAS BEGUN. India has become a morally dead nation.: This country has gone well past the point of redemption. While the government was busy making sure myths are telecasted lakhs of migrant workers due to the lack of proper schemes to sustain their livelihoods are migrating from the cities to their villages 100s of kms on foot. I dread when all this is over and we finally step out our highways and streets wouldve turned into graveyards of many. And I cant even fathom what will happen if the virus spreads out to this countrys villages where there is near nil healthcare facilities. But hey while all this happens we can keep banging our plates together and watch myths on TV. Its true India has become a morally dead nation.. The plight of migrant workers across this land. Indian goverment is showing how not a handle a pandemic. IT HAS BEGUN I hv more videos suggest me how to upload all of them. This needs to stop.: Every sane person in the world is following lockdown or quarantine. But there are cases of people gathering in mosques and praying despite governments warnings. In my hometown of Ranchi 700 girls were kept hostage in a big Madarsa and police had to evacuate them on request from their parents . Temples are closed so why cant we close Mosques and Churches . COVID19 India lost good lead time says expert. Coronavirus lockdown UP govt accuses Delhi of playing with lives of migrants labourers. How Does the Coronavirus Behave Inside a Patient The New Yorker. Back from Chennai 7 youths quarantined on tree outside Bengal village. Huge Respect for Ratan Tata Ji on donating a total of 1500 Crore To PM Modi Emergency Funds for Coronavirus.. Gareebo ka kya hi kar sakte hai: So I was having a discussion with one of my friend about how I think the government did not properly plan the lockdown for the labourers and poor. I was shocked to her the response. Gareebo ka kya hi kar sakte hai In logo ko kisi ne thodi bola tha apne jagah se nikalne ko. Wahi rahna chahye tha. Translation What can be done about the poors Noone asked them to leave their place they should have stayed wherever they were. Moreover my friend added Modi ji is handling the situation better than any other country. With a population of 1.3 billion we only have 1000 cases. All the other country leaders are video calling Modi Ji and asking for ways to handle the pandemic. Well it was clear that my friend seems to be influenced by whatsapp university and does not know anything about the testing rate etc etc. But I was shocked to see that someone this educated can say something like this. Anyway what would you do if you come accross someone like this. We are winning against CoronaVirus. Andthe false propaganda needs to stop.: I am a doctor responsible for 6 medical sectors of Delhi. And after the Janta Curfew no fresh cases are coming. The cases that are coming are people who are getting their symptoms after 78 days. Surethe disease hasnt been stopped.Butour main concern was the coming of fresh cases that has been limited to a minimum. The supplies we are getting is sufficientand most of it is coming from the Central Government. The State government supplies are being sold by dealers in black andwe have been talking to Delhi government about this. Lets hope we win. Also All the posts on r/India seem to be false propaganda against the Modi government. If you want to experience the true nature of Modi governmentyou need to see how every main sector is becoming serviceoriented rather than moneyoriented.. Community based Disaster Management Plans helps Keralas COVID19 response. A small contribution from my side . Hope you do so as much as you want.. Why are we testing her over and over: Ok why are we allowing her to get tested when we obviously lack in tests. That to 4 fucking times Also is she just contracting the virus over and over again cause she shouldve recovered from it by now. None of this makes sense [Kanika Kapoor 4th time testing ]https//bangaloremirror.indiatimes.com/entertainment/bollywood/kanikakapoortestscoronaviruspositiveforfourthtime/articleshow/74870747.cms. Do you want me to do maintain a live thread on this lockdown: So the Mods are already maintaining a live thread check pinned post but a lot of states are missing If you want me to maintain a thread then please let me know and make sure you mention the states you want me to cove in the comments section and if your state is already mentioned then just leave a 1 below that comment and also set a RemindMe for 10 hours so that you can know if Im doing it or not Before you do please check with the pinned post on this sub maybe your desired state is already being covered by someone. P.S. Its AskIndia mods not against the rules. [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fr0zpg. WARNING DISGUSTING Hindu activists in India drink cow urine to protect themselves from coronavirus. Genuine guidance from Indians living in USA.: [removed]. coronacurfew lockdown coronaquarentile Police has become a teacher to teach on corona. LOL.. Phone Call from Prime Minister Narendra Modi to a MBBS Student Studying in China on COVID19.. Sikhs Apeal to step forward to help all on corona breakdown situation to provide free food. Do You Know 26 Before Coronavirus these Viruses Had Shock the World. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Walking Home Who they are why they are leaving Indian Express. Photo essay on COVID19 and its impact on Delhi: [removed]. ICMRs Coronavirus Study Too Small To Rule Out Community Spread Govt Task Force Expert. PIBFactCheck John Hopkins University has now disassociated itself from a study which had predicted a high number of casualties in India due to COVID2019india and has also said that use of its logo on the report was not authorized. Minal Dakhave Bhosale on making Indias first COVID 19 testing kit Was an emergency so took it as challenge. A fair call that exposes the narrative dissonance.. A fair call that exposes the narrative dissonance.. FAKE ALERT Leading digital news portal falsely claims India in Stage 3 of Covid19 Times of India. https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/timesfactcheck/news/fakealertleadingdigitalnewsportalfalselyclaimsindiainstage3ofcovid19/articleshow/74863286.cms: Although getting into stage 3 is inevitable and the government is trying to delay the entry and flatten the curve. What I dont understand is why some section of the media would report incorrect information which can only end up creating panic amongst public. Live CCTV Links Of China US Italy Find Out Whats Really Going On. https//m.timesofindia.com/timesfactcheck/news/fakealertleadingdigitalnewsportalfalselyclaimsindiainstage3ofcovid19/amparticleshow/74863286.cmsutmmediumreferralamputmcampaigniOSappamptwitterimpressiontrue: Although getting into stage 3 is inevitable and the government is trying to delay the entry and flatten the curve. What I dont understand is why some section of the media would report incorrect information which can only end up creating panic amongst public. About corona. When you approve of the ratings brought by illegals moving in your town while your own residents are afraid to move closer to one another .. You tap yourself in the back as a masterstroke performance in entire circus you call a career.. How India inspired the world during this tough times: Indian media is Keen to criticizing Indias lockdown to prevent China virus while the world is drawing inspiration from India to appreciate essential service workers.India helped citizens from 11 countries to return homesend emergency aid to China helped to setup SAARC COVID19 emergency fund.Our nation is setting up an example like a boss https//youtu.be/lF4SvFaHk. Mann ki baat. Some Statistics On Coronavirus [Time from First Case to 500th Case Recovery Ratio Death Ratio]. Media will never show you this they have apocalypes image to maintain.. How India inspired the world during this tough times: [removed]. COVID19 Government drops first hint of community transmission. Unable to get liquor man hangs self in Hyderabad. Amidst a Lockdown Why Must Cops Wield the Lathi With Such Impunity and Callousness. Why 1.36 billion Indians wont simply wait to be infected or killed by coronavirus. How washing your hands help fight against the Coronavirus. India is doing an amazing job with restricting flights. India is doing an amazing job with restricting flights. My first try in plotting COVID19 cases in India. Data from worldometers.info. Covid19 emergency duty pass check validity. Sad state of people.. Coronavirus or simply Flu or Cold Symptoms Why to know your symptoms well before rushing to hospital. Chicken is love but social distancing is life. Stay safe people.. COVID19 Yogi Adityanath Directs for Quarantine of 1 Lakh People Who Have Entered UP in Past 3 Days. Disturbed to see people not adhering to lockdown says Ayushmann Khurrana: Actor Ayushmann Khurrana expressed his disappointment saying that people are not adhering to the 21days nationwide lockdown imposed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to fight the spread of novel coronavirus. It is quite disturbing to see videos and reports about people still not fully complying with the all India lockdown the 35yearold star said. Concerned with the increase in the number of positive coronavirus cases in the country the actor added as conscious citizens of the nation we should be extremely responsible and should take care of each other to fight COVID19. This is not the time to be irresponsible because such actions will put the lives of many in danger the Shubh Mangal Saavdhan actor added. The National Film Award winner also urged everybody to stay indoors till the said lockdown period and to take care of themselves and also the closeones. We shouldnt be rash in our behavior because it will put our lives and lives of countless many in peril. I urge us to stand united and ensure we protect India and Indians he concluded. Like Ayushmann many Bollywood stars are currently practicing selfisolation in view of the 21daylong governmentimposed lockdown. Source Times of India Source URL [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/disturbedtoseepeoplenotadheringtolockdownsaysayushmannkhurrana/articleshow/74866531.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/disturbedtoseepeoplenotadheringtolockdownsaysayushmannkhurrana/articleshow/74866531.cms. When will India recover from Corona can any astrologer predict: [removed]. Trump Sings Its the end of the world as we know it and i feel fine by R.E.M. This is Insane. https//www.news18.com/news/india/quarantinedmanrunsnudeintamilnadufatallybiteselderlywoman2555157.html: [deleted]. COVID19 Northeast Frontier Railway to convert coaches into isolation wards. Centre tells States to set up camps for migrant workers. Sneeze In Open Spread The Virus Infosys Terminates Employee Who Wanted To Spread The Virus. Coronavirus finds its way into Mumbai slums. Coronavirus crisis DRDO working with Tata Mahindra on multipatient ventilators. 2 step approach to contain COVID19 in India: [removed]. How well do you think India has handles the Corona virus pandemic What could have been done better. Has this man saved us from overpaying to the pharma co. . While large factories are being retooled old methods come through. Bitter truth. How Novel Coronavirus COVID 19 Showed Real Heroes of India Covid19 Update GAME OF DATA. How much money was donated by the richest political party in India for the PM Cares fund: [removed]. In a small Indiana Town. Indias Coronavirus Lockdown Will Hit Women and Migrant Workers Hardest. Not sure how I feel about this. COVID19 India Live Tracking. Gravitas How the world is drawing inspiration from India: [deleted]. Thousands of migrant labourers take to the streets walking 900 km to their home amid nation wide lockdown. Lockdown scene Mumbai Dahisar. Things we should be thinking and shouldnt be thinking: Things we need to talk about these days How to avoid getting infection obvious What to do if you or someone in house get it to avoid further spreading and helping people like you How to ensure food bcoz accept it.. Supply chains will going to get disrupt.. Or the remaining food will get very costly or hoarded by some asshole or scared Things we should avoid talking about these days Politics either they will not care or if they do it will never be enough How many are dying how many not.. bcoz its a pointless.. This will not stop that easily. Why alarm bells started ringing after a Kerala politician got Covid19 india news. Who all agree and why: [removed]. Volunteer to fight against corona virus: Wanted to ask you all if there is any way to register as a volunteer. I tried registering through the self4society website but i didnt get a reply.. Donate to COVID19 relief aid. Can anyone confirm if all of these are legit Are there any other ways we can contribute to coronavirus relief. Quarantined Tamil Nadu Man Runs Out Naked Bites Woman To Death Cops. Coronavirus lockdown India grapples with migrant workers exodus. Is this authentic news Can somebody please confirm Thank you.. Importance of Testing Did we learn from US. Union Health Ministry answers queries regarding COVID testing and status.. Novel coronavirus 2019nCoV. How to protect yourself against COVID19. The world will not be the same after the pandemic. Indias forsaken IT / BPO and other professionals post COVID19 breakout and Lockdown.:  As of 5th of March NASSCOM had sought permission from Govt to allow Work from Home [WFH]https//www.google.com/amp/s/m.economictimes.com/news/economy/policy/coronavirusnasscomurgesgovttoallowtechiestoworkfromhome/amparticleshow/74487287.cms to deal with COVID19 amp permission granted by the 13th of March. Most of the IT companies did start allowing Work from Home wfh for a majority of their employees. But some were left out from this under the pretext of essential work for banks such as Wells Fargo. They were forced to work from Office and only after much hue and cry and police raids did they allow the employees to take the desktops home as late as 24th March. This has opened a scope for the spread virus since the virus can still be transmitted amongst employees with out the employee showing any sign. It has also come to notice that unofficially many employees were threatened of pay cut if they are unable to take the desktops home in spite of 24th Mar lockdown. The pertinent question arises as to what happens when these employees and their families are found to be infected.. Will they have complete access to health care under company policy But then what about their family How will they manage their expense if there is mass layoffs Given that they are considered too rich to receive ration from govt and too poor to receive grants in the form of bailouts. Signs are not encouraging given that top officials of [corporates]https//www.google.com/amp/s/www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/20200325/billionaireswantpeoplebacktoworkworkersarentsosure including retired are not providing encouraging statements though overseas it will have rippling affect in India amp many companies [like this]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/coronavirusimpactfuturegroupskishorebiyaniinadifficultsituationaslendersinvokesharesreport5070601.html/amp are already finding excuse of preexisting loans which signals deferment of salary pay for many if not all. Steps by RBI seems [encouraging]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html but it still leaves a gaping hole in the pockets of the professionals. Note Do leave your comments or DM me if your company/your acquaintances company is still making their employees work in these hazardous times or threatening paycut. Will post it here so that awareness is generated.. Coronavirus COVID19 Megathread News and Updates 3: Central thread for sharing coronavirus News and discussion. Any off topic comments will be removed. Indian Goverment [Official Twitter Collection of Indian Govt. Communications]https//twitter.com/i/events/1240662046280048646 [State and District Wise Details of Cases in India]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/DistrictWiseList324.pdf All India Helplines 1075 Toll Free 911123978046 Email ID ncov2019gov.in [State Helpline Numbers]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdf [Test Centers List]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/trends/healthtrends/covid19pandemiclookingforcoronavirustestingcentresnearyouheresthelist5045661.html State Specific Threads via Reddit community [Andaman amp Nicobar Lakshadweep Puducherry Dadra amp Nagar Haveli Daman amp Diu]https//www.reddit.com/r/CoronaIndia/comments/fqmry7/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdates/ via u/TheDosaMan [Karnataka]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fpv4xk/karnatakacovid19updates/ via u/TheClassicGallery [Kerala]https//www.reddit.com/r/Kerala/comments/fgc8m6/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdates/ via u/nithinvnath [Madhya Pradesh]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fpt2jw/mpcovid19megathread/ via u/maardonbhenji [Maharashtra]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fq2vqj/covid19updatesformaharashtra/ via u/hrishidev [Nagaland]https//www.reddit.com/user/ImSoDone/comments/fqpnov/covid19updatesnagaland/ via u/ImSoDone [Rajasthan]https//www.reddit.com/r/pinkcity/comments/fps590/covid19updatesforrajasthan/ via /u/isaacseaman [Telangana]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fqn8jf/covid19allupdatesintelangana/ via u/lifehacker25 [Uttar Pradesh]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fptwqz/covid19allupdatesinuttarpradesh/ via u/ppccbba [West Bengal]https//www.reddit.com/r/kolkata/comments/fi5hqd/covid19updates/ via /u/ppatra [More States are being Added] Trackers News Updates [Case Numbers via Indian Govt.]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ [Covid19India.org]https//www.covid19india.org [World Map of Coronavirus cases Including India with sources]https//www.google.com/maps/d/viewermid1yCPRukAgE55sROnmBUFmtLN6riVLTu3ampampampll30.3640311689614752C70.08537636902429ampampampz5 r/Coronavirus r/worldnews r/COVID19Positive for Covid19 Patients Useful Guides Precautions Helpful Tips [Safety Tips]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic [Coronavirus condition overview]https//www.who.int/healthtopics/coronavirus [Coronavirus QampA]https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses [How to Protect Yourself and Prepare for the Coronavirus]https//www.nytimes.com/article/prepareforcoronavirus.html [Myth Busters via WHO]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/mythbusters Coronavirus Covid19 MultiLingual Shareable Resources Wiki [Wiki Thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fo0xj9/coronaviruscovid19multilingualresourceswiki/ [Assamese]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gn1U2sNswTmrdyymeqtG6Hy [Bengali]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gkqMhFrcLJNnGXAeC4Org5 [English]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gWSxZMTO6BKKKYGNesgYupr [Gujarati]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1ght7ez9gamQZdNuNedoJZmj [Hindi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gWNzzpIljrP9jQkeebu6Eog [Kannada]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1ggJi4cS2y1ZULZoles43xHF [Konkani]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gmRJkbslNMDc1s1egpDqma [Malayalam]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gmeU30HlPVT0CqoedNhg3u [Marathi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1giu0e8l9SbT27AceeeNuHi [Marwari]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gXxP8R5CPzEt5zhpeHWuXnt [Oriya]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gwcrCWB195OyuXdeozTVA4 [Punjabi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gjxTSvU761F9Hzoue9gjaqg [Tamil]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gglvLHFkHSsMZgToeYhLNRo [Telegu]https//1drv.ms/f/sAoYOmN7lWek1gkEvVG2WLij6Up78 [Urdu]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gwwpU8Ni2x9Z5ne8fUHqi r/India Community [COVID19 India tracker]https//www.covid19india.org/ via u/splitladoo [Crowdsourced handbook of India specific data and resources]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1cT69NNAOD98OPCWblmP4XQS6VFvCJKDZTTHwN7kZCc/edit via u/lilhuman0 [Google Spreadsheet of Statewise infections]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uKqaxMd5gkghBKMmpfbnLRFLdicKvi802f77Ih0/editgid0 via /u/lordbloodraven Precautions for prevention of Corona Virus Currently there is no vaccine available to protect against human corona virus but we can reduce the transmission of virus by taking following precautions 1. Wash your hands frequently 2. Practice respiratory hygiene. Cover mouth and nose with a medical mask tissue or flexed elbow when coughing or sneezing. Wash hands afterwards and discard mask or tissue. 3. Maintain social distancing 4. Avoid touching eyes nose and mouth 5. If you have fever cough and difficulty breathing seek medical care early. Consult a doctor. 6. As a general precaution practice general hygiene measures when visiting live animal markets wet markets or animal product markets 7. Avoid consumption of raw or undercooked animal products 8. If you become sick while travelling inform crew seek medical attention early and share travel history. How to Quarantine Yourself via [New York Times]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/06/health/selfquarantinecoronavirus.html If youre returning from an area thats had a coronavirus outbreak or if youve been in close contact with someone who tests positive you may be asked to isolate yourself at home for two weeks the presumed incubation period for the coronavirus. Its not easy to lock yourself away from your family and friends. These are the basics. 1. ISOLATION If you are infected or have been exposed to the coronavirus you must seclude yourself from your partner your housemates your children your older aunt and even your pets. If you dont have your own room one should be designated for your exclusive use. No visitors unless its absolutely essential. Dont take the bus subway or even a taxi. 2. MASKS If you must be around other people in your home or in a car because youre on your way to see a doctor and only after youve called first wear a mask. Everyone else should too. 3. HYGIENE Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue to cough or sneeze and discard it in a lined trash can. Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. You can use sanitizer but soap and water are preferred. Wash your hands frequently and avoid touching your eyes nose and mouth if you havent just washed them. 4. DISINFECTING Dont share dishes drinking glasses eating utensils towels or bedding. Wash these items after you use them. Use a household cleaner to wipe down countertops tabletops doorknobs bathrooms fixtures toilets phones keyboards tablets and bedside tables. That also goes for any surfaces that may be contaminated by bodily fluids. 5. HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS When around the patient wear a face mask and add gloves if youre touching anything that might carry the patients bodily fluids. Dispose of the mask and gloves immediately. The older members and those with chronic medical conditions should minimize contact with the secluded individual. Share your Idle CPU/GPU Power towards find solutions for Covid19 gtDo you have a CPU/GPU sitting at home not doing anything If yes and you are willing to let it work for drug discovery please check out folding at home. The following text is from /r/pcmasterrace Join us and donate your unused GPU and CPU computing power to fight against Coronavirus and several other illnesses like Cancer Parkinsons etc. To download [CLICK HERE]https//foldingathome.org/startfolding/. gtTo learn more about the project or if you need more instructions on how to run it check out https//pcmasterrace.org/folding. ampnbsp Older Threads [Part I]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/f2kaxr/covid19megathreadnewsandupdates/ [Part II]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fkttm7/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdatesii/. Indian railways convert train coaches into isolation wards for covid19 patients.. Coronavirus lockdown India grapples with migrant workers exodus Source in Comment. The pathetic condition of the hospital for the people for the treatment smh. No one is talking about his dual citizenship now. What will be the impact of Coronavirus on Indian IT servicebased companies: What will be the long term impact of the current situation on Indian companies like TCS Infosys etc I see many foreign companies taking back jobs in their control given Indian companies dont prepare well for business continuity and a situation like these. Jobs will move back onshore given our poor remote working culture mostly driven by a lack of trust of companies on their own employees. Do you feel the same or the contrary. Foreigners who are in India during lockdown how do you plan to return back to your country: [removed]. The Corporate Millennial in Quarantine.. Shouldnt be due to COVID19 or else.... We are united against COVID19 [OC]. It seems that the lockdown will be till the end of June.. India to use some train coaches as coronavirus isolation wards. Our sheer arrogance when it comes to the coronavirus is what will really hurt us: Recently I was reading this Pakistani newspaper DAWN and I go down to the comment section I used to comment before to enrage people cause I knew its literally only Indians that comment but what I read really shocked me this time. A lot of Bakhts claiming that India has the coronavirus under control and Imran should learn from Modi on how to control the coronavirus and how Pakistan will be like Iran soon stuff like that. According to the BBC the reason why we have fewer cases than Pak only by a a slight margin were catching up is because we have the worst testing in the entire world BBC also mentioned that we most likely have millions of cases but are under reported and that we may soon become the next epicenter for the viru. We really need to be careful here as the coronavirus has already made its mark in India and will probably spread fast because of the dense nature of our communities.. Chennai police today Source on comments section. Zombie mode: [deleted]. Coronavirus patients reached 983 in India far so deaths 23 person. Coronavirus Kerala and Telangana record their first deaths as positive cases in India climb to 944.. Hey good people please donate to our country. It doesnt need to be a big amount it could be rs12 10100 or 10000 but please do this I dont think I need to explain this to you why we need this I did my part please so yours: [removed]. Proud of India proud of our governments and most Indians: [removed]. Narendra Modi on Twitter Today I interacted with those associating with the AYUSH sector. They shared their insights on how we can overcome COVID19. The AYUSH sector has a long contribution in keeping our nation healthy.. After defeating Corona with clapping: [deleted]. Updated map with 500 DelhiHungerReliefCentres Lunch 123 PM Dinner 69 PM everyday. Over 10 with Serious Respiratory Illness Test Positive for Covid19 Most Had No Overseas Travel History. The ideal sequence of actions to deal with Covid19: [removed]. Army during lockdown in India. Ground Report Chaos at Anand Vihar as Buses Prepare to Take Migrant Workers Home. Time and venue for cooked food availability tomorrow. [New Delhi]. It appears that this is the only subreddit left to share any data at all that may go against achche din is here belief: India has wasted the chance to prepare the healthcare professionals for this crisis given the heads up much similar to western countries. A disturbing trend I see is the sheer number of people suppressing any sharing of data opposing their self inflicted rosy views in subreddits dedicated to covid19. The problem doesnt go away by closing eyes or living in a fantasy land. India needs to brace for the impact economic and health instead of being in denial. God save this country and its ignorant people.. In case you are planning on donating money for the fight against the coronavirus please contribute to local volunteer groups / hospitals directly rather than donating the money to the Government created funds. Your help will reach the hands of the needy faster.: While the government is also doing its best in some parts of the country to mitigate the risk of the virus transmission there are many local volunteer groups and hospitals who seem to be more proactively reaching out to the community which needs the mankind support more than ever in these times of distress. My sincere suggestion is you donate to the volunteer groups and hospitals first rather than to the Government.. In pics Thousands of migrants throng to take govtorganised buses for hometowns. Delhi Gurudwara Sikh temple offers building to setup isolation wards and quarantine facilities for the treatment of coronavirusaffected people and also provides separate rooms for health staff. Like any other day langar free food will be given to whomever is in need.. Hospital condition for covid 19 patients in a hyderabad hospital. Where is the largest NGO of the world: [removed]. 500 bed well equipped exclusive Odisha Covid hospital is shaping up fast thanks to the efforts by MP Sri samant amp Kims OMC amp the health departments determined effort . Inspected the premises accompanied by 5T Secy amp the Pr Secy Health. In a weeks time it will be all ready . Pm relief fund. Where is the largest NGO of the world: [removed]. Indias lockdown at its finest Delhi UP border Gaziabad bus stand. People without any prospects trying to get home.. Delhi at 9 p.m. 28th March 2020: [removed]. Kerala Sets Up 4603 Camps for Over 1 Lakh Guest Labourers Amid Coronavirus Lockdown. Where is the largest NGO of the world: [removed]. Where is RSS the largest NGO of the world: [removed]. First coronavirus death in Kerala 69yearold man who had travelled to Dubai. Change my familys view China you are to blame: Chinese government specifically. Not hate mongering or being racist but hearing my father fume over china with statements having following gist have somehow has left me resenting Chinese govt. 1. Lack of transparency with rest of the world. 2. Questions on WHOs biased POV in Jan/Feb and integrity of Tedros. 3. Pointing fingers at US for spreading the virus 4. Treatment of Journalists/Whistleblowers/people in general by the Chinese govt. 5. Hiding scientific data 6. Wet markets not monitored despite being illegal 7. Failed cover ups. 8. Overall loss to human life.. Migrant workers on way to Rajasthan from Maharashtra stopped at Gujarat border sheltered in hotel. Rahul Gandhi told on 12 Feb. Delhi this afternoon..... India crossed 1000 confirmed cases.. Why breathing exercises and steam inhalation is not suggested as possible preventive measure for COVID19 :  Keeping lungs healthy cant be harmful and it can possibly reduce mucus formation From what I read is shortness of breadth is caused by mucus formation. Will it help if somebody who is healthy tries to keep lungs mucus free . Huge crowd near DelhiUP border as travellers wait to take buses home. Botched Up Lockdown. India Deserves Better Tweets Prashant Kishor. Study shows good results with plasma treatment for COVID19. Covid19 lockdown Man dies after walking 200 kms to Agra from Delhi. Covid19 all updates in Telangana: Hello this thread aims to contain all relevant updates and discussions regarding pandemic novel corona virus situation across Telangana Useful websites [Official collection of all twitter of Indian government] https//mobile.twitter.com/i/events/1240662046280048646 [University of Hyderabad INFORMATION ON CORONAVIRUS]https//www.uohyd.ac.in/coronavirus/ [Telangana Today Corona Live Updates] https//telanganatoday.com/latestupdates [Telangana CMO]https//twitter.com/TelanganaCMO [Hyderabad City police]https//twitter.com/hydcitypolice Contact Nos. State level 104 National level 911123978046 Test Centres in Telangana Gandhi Medical College Secunderabad Osmania Medical College Hyderabad Districtwise Cases DistrictsPatients Unknown 20 HYDERABAD 36 KARIMNAGAR 3 BHADRADRI KOTHAGUDEM 3 RANGA REDDY 2 MEDCHAL MALKAJGIRI 1 News Updates 28 March 2020 [No red zones in Hyderabad dont believe in social media Health Minister] https//telanganatoday.com/noredzonesinhyderabaddontbelieveinsocialmediahealthminister [Hyderabad 74yearold Covid19 suspect dies kin put in isolation]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad/hyderabad74yearoldcovid19suspectdieskinputinisolation/articleshow/74858647.cms [Hyderabad Six in a family at old city test positive for Covid19]https//telanganatoday.com/hyderabadsixinafamilyatoldcitytestpositiveforcovid19 [Yashoda Hospitals rubbishes reports of closure of its Somajiguda unit]https//telanganatoday.com/hyderabadthreecovid19positivepatientsatyashodasomajiguda. PM Modi Announces New COVID19 Fund Gets Rs 25 Crore From Akshay Kumar. The Displaced. Quarantined Tamil Nadu Man Runs Out Naked Bites Woman To Death Cops. How to donate to Official Coronavirus Fund.: [removed]. Pm relief fund. In rural UP government messaging on COVID absent rumour and superstition thrive. Police brutality in Rural Andhra Pradesh. Covid19 Facts This provides lot of information and clears confusion thats out there. Saw a video on Brut Indiainsta where a guy and a girl were ousted of a essentials store for not wearing masks.: [removed]. Clash of the Titans... Voices From The Margins LockdownIndia. Bcci and its affiliated State Association contribute 51 crores to PM cares fund to help. Genpacts response to coronavirus is a lesson in what not to do during a pandemic. Saw a video on Brut India Insta in which 2 people were ousted of a essentials store for not wearing masks.: [removed]. What gets you first the virus or the boredom. Sad state of people.. Ab niklo bahar BC. For those who are whining about the state of the nation right now. Social distancing the Indian jugaad way. Found on Whatsapp group.. Delhi Migrant workers in very large numbers at Delhis Anand Vihar bus terminal to board buses to their respective home towns and villages. They have walked to the bus terminal on foot from different parts of the city.. Board of Control for Cricket in India to contribute Rs 51 Crores to Prime Ministers Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations Fund PMCARES Fund to fight COVID19. Some members of a community are citing religion for not respecting social distancing during this global COVID19 pandemic. What should be our priority in these troubled times: I am looking forward to understand what indoreddittors think about this situation. You can read more about this in the link below https//www.opindia.com/2020/03/tiktokcoronaviruscovid19socialproximityfalsehood/ If you are comfortable sharing your thoughts behind choosing a particular option then please post your thoughts in the comments What should be our priority in these troubled times [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/fqmiw4. A coronavirus superspreader in India who refused to selfisolate sparked an outbreak that left 40000 people in quarantine officials say. The tide of migrant labourers fleeing after the lockdown is neverending. The Indian Army doesnt take Coronavirus disease lightly. Vent dogs corona virus.: Fucking scum our system. Fucking scum our government. Fucking scum our citizens. Illiterate egoistic bull headed scum. My college has stray dogs like any other place in this dumb shit country because no one cares for animal welfare. Not the people and much less the government. We students take care of them. I took care of them. They were my babies. My thread of hope. Now they decided to make our hostel a corona quarantine. My dogs would roam around the hostel eating leftover food off the bin. And now its in the news saying Corona victim living amongst a stray menace Stray menace scumbags Menace Now theyre definitely going to dispose the menace because everyone is a cold hearted fuck who only cares about themself. What is menace are fucking human. Im tired of our species ignorant self important egoistical ways. Human deserve every bullshit that is coming their way.. Huge Respect to Ratan Tata Ji and his trust.. COVID19 Assam government to deduct 1020 monthly salary of govt. employees. People scrambling to leave Delhi. I think its safe to assume that community transmission has started.. PM interacts with AYUSH practitioners. These two novel coronavirus survivors in India share their experience and tell what needs to be done if someone tests positive for coronavirus.. Akshay Kumar donates 25 crores to PM Modis Cares Fund to fight Coronavirus war. A large number of migrant workers gather at Delhis Anand Vihar bus terminal to board buses to their respective hometowns villages. NDTV on Twitter. It really do be like that.. Idea amp Product Solution Fight against Corona. A coronavirus superspreader in India who refused to selfisolate sparked an outbreak that left 40000 people in quarantine officials say. Anand Vihar Delhi today. Delhiites stranded after dtdc busses to UP cancelled.. Crowd at Anand Vihar during lockdown. Corona tests and cases reported by ICMR: I have been following ICMR site for corona tests this is to know testing strategy govt is following. In the beginning these numbers were updated twice every day 9 AM and 8 PM. Slowly it become once. Now the last update I see is of yesterday morning 9 AM. source [https//www.icmr.nic.in/node/39071]https//www.icmr.nic.in/node/39071 Has ICMR stopped daily update on Corona test numbers Does anyone know other sources to gather test information ampx200B ampx200B DateTotal TestsTotal CasesNew TestsNew Cases 10Mar 1000382845 17Mar 180012513129868584 19Mar 180014175182166253 20Mar 180015404236122954 21Mar 180016911315150779 22Mar 180018127396121681 23Mar 200020707471258075 24Mar 200022694536198765 25Mar 200025144581245045 27Mar 900276886912544110. One of the family in my apartment building was ordered to be in quarantine. Obviously they didnt follow. What is wrong with people: Today some doctors came and posted a note outside the building that the people in apartment are supposed to be in quarantine from 18Mar 10 days back to 4Apr. 1. Thanks for coming 10 days later 2. The family has been roaming around in the apartment park and parking area all the time 3. Hours later they were back to the park without giving a single fck to the sign They just dont care about it or anyone around them. This is so wrong. How are we gonna contain it at all. Its just impossible. Ive been spending less time outside than those fcks.. Akshay Kumar the real Bollywood Star donates 25 crores from his savings to fight Coronavirus in India. A coronavirus superspreader in India who refused to selfisolate sparked an outbreak that left 40000 people in quarantine officials say. Tata Group commits 1500 crore to fight Covid19. Ratan Tata joins Mukesh Ambani Anand Mahindra to fight coronavirus Tata Group pledges Rs 500 crore. Scenes at Delhis Anand Vihar bus terminus. Indian. Such mai bhai Indian logo. Before your next Big Basket order or groceries run heres a reality check from Farmers. In rural UP government messaging on COVID absent rumour and superstition thrive. Indian government introduced Corona Kavach Tracker application to Know your surroundings. This is Anand Vihar right now. As much as I understand their desperate need to go home I hope this wasnt a stupid mistake that will spread coronavirus to the rural areas of India where proper medical help cant reach. India cites COVID19 in bioweapon press note World News. What India Has Now Is A Clone Emergency Just Ask The Police. India COVID19 Data Archive: On looking at the growth in the total number of COVID19 cases in India last week I realized that the case numbers were doubling roughly every 5 days. So I began collecting the case numbers data into a text file to see if this exponential growth continues to hold in the subsequent weeks. While looking for data sources I realized that every similar project including the Wikipedia entry on this subject use different conventions and different cutoff times to record the case numbers for every date. So I wanted to maintain an archive of the latest available case numbers for each date collected from official sources like MoHFW only as much as reasonably possible. Here is the result of this attempt [indiacovid19.github.io]https//indiacovid19.github.io/ Every entry on this page has a reference link as supporting evidence that points to an archived snapshot of the source of the numbers used in that entry. If you were looking for something similar please feel free to let me know if you find any discrepancies or send a pull request.. Corona virus symptoms: Guys my father has been coughing with phlegm. But he is also a heavy smoker We are worried if it is corona or just because of smoking. Is there any way to differentiate between the two Thanks in advance.. Please stayhome stay safe and also care for strays. Quarantined man runs nude bites woman to death.. How India japan and Singapore are doing better than others.. Indias Jaipur SMS hospital Robots will now serve food and medicines to the patients in the isolation ward amid coronavirus crises. Potentially this would reduce the chances of the hospital staff contracting the infection.. Where can I get the latest statistics of CoronaVirus: Most information I find online about the Wuhan China Corona Virus is from the news and blogs who are always a few hours if not a few days old. I am looking for a genuine portal with latest updates at all times.. Modi appeals to citizens to make generous donations to PMCARES Fund to deal with Covid19 pandemic.. This is DelhiUP border Kaushambi today around 4pm. Thousands of daily wagers have gathered to return home because the Delhi government has failed to provide them 2 basic necessities food and shelter. COVID19. Canadian Kumar donates 25crores to Indias Fight against Covid. Meanwhile Saviours of the Constitution Swara Bhasker Sonam Kapoor Kunal Kamra have contributed NOTHING. Its high time we start questioning our Role Models instead of blindly following them like sheep. Fears of domestic violence rise as millions confined over coronavirus world news. Akshay Kumar donates 25 crore to PM Modis Covid19 Relief fund. This is how India is fighting the Coronavirus epidemic through social distancing. Apartment complex organised a vegetable truck for residents to buy vegetables.. TATA pledges 1500 crores for fighting COVID19. www.covidrelief.in indexes fundraising efforts to help migrant and vulnerable communities during this lockdown. Please give generously if you can.: No funds are being collected by this site it is merely an index that links to campaigns set up by different organisations. You can submit campaigns from the contacts page as well. As someone who recommended some of these campaigns to the web designer I can say that the campaigns have been recommended by people who work in the development sector and citizens active in community organizing. But please do research individual campaigns yourself before choosing to donate. Even the best designed and well intentioned government relief package will miss a significant number of beneficiaries particularly migrant labour communities so please donate if you have the capacity to do so. Most importantly stay home practice social distancing and wash your hands.. Saw this video which claims that Corona is just a regular influenza flu. Is this legit. Assam man pledges 4 acreland to build coronavirus hospital. FUCK MODI FUCK BJP: [removed]. Tata Trusts pledges Rs 500 crore to fight Covid19. Cops attacked by boys in Bengaluru Sorry but I dont feel bad at all.. Canadian Kumar donating 25crores for India meanwhile saviors of the Constitution Swara Bhasker Sonam Kapoor Kunal Kamra havent come forward with anything. High time we question our Role Models. Such mai bhai Indian logo. Coronavirus pandemic Ratan Tata donates Rs 500cr for protective equipment testing kits in fight against COVID19. Such mai bhai Indian logo. Such mai bhai Indian logo. Migrant workers wait for buses along a highway with their families as they return to their villages during a 21day NationwideLockdown to limit the spreading of Coronavirus at DelhiUP border on Saturday. This is suspicious We are having less coronavirus cases in every even day for last 8 days.. Suresh Raina donated 52 Lakhs for fight against Corona Virus. There is chaos on the streets of east Delhi near Anand Vihar and Ghaziabad border.. AZ of COVID a Crazy Overthetop and Very Indian Dictionary of the virus that turned you into a hostage in your own house for 3528 hours. Bollywood superstar Akshay Kumar has donated Rs 25 crore to Prime Minister Narendra Modis initiative PM CARES Fund to lend support to the ongoing battle against the corona virus pandemic.. In Photos With No Govt Aid Locals Come Together to Help Labourers Leaving Delhi. Man quarantined in home after returning from overseas runs nude bites elderly woman to death in TN. A quirky way by the Chennai Police to discourage commuters during the lockdown.. How many untested cases of coronavirus do you think india has at present: Its been said that coronavirus cases in India can easily be above 10000. However due to insufficient testing the severity had been masked. Heres an interesting link. [Actual number of cases in india ]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/27/opinion/indiacoronaviruslockdown.html. Checking during lockdown in Mathura UP.. India on Road How the poor are facing corona:  [https//www.youtube.com/watchv9vfgmTXfKsIampt236s]https//www.youtube.com/watchv9vfgmTXfKsIampt236s. Does India need motivation to fight the fears of the pandemic Read the book in the description...: [removed]. PM Modi interacts with Ayush Practitioners. India Infection Spread as on 27032020 OC Data Source CSSE Dept JHU. Fighting coronavirus Sachin Tendulkar donates Rs 50 lakh Dhoni contributes Rs 1 lakh. Tata Trusts commits 500 crore to fight Covid19. Hungry amp Desperate Patiala MGNREGA Workers Bang Plates for Food. r/india se azaadi hypocrisy se azaadi. Chennai cop wears Coronavirus helmet raises awareness among people. That escalated quickly. Coronavirus donations: Hi guys I would like to help as much as I can so I am looking for initiatives trying to help people in vulnerable situations due to the quarantine. I cant donate much so I am looking for the most efficient use of that money do you have any suggestions Appreciate any other ideas on ways to help . Should these relief funds be really named CM or PM Cares fund: Anyone else find these a little too narcissistic Something like India Cares or Maharashtra Cares or simply Covid Relief Fund sounds more apt. Thoughts. Any experiences with EMI waiver from HDFC: I have a home loan with HDFC Home Loans and the payee bank is HDFC Bank. Anyone here who has talked to their banks to waive off EMIs based on RBIs directive yesterday Just got a mail from my company that a percentage of my salary is going to be deferred.... Akshay Kumar pledges 25 crore rupees to CMCares Fund. Congress constitutes a Task Force to intensify the efforts of Congress ruled State governments to deal with the situation prevailing on account of COVID19: [removed]. Ratan Tata. Ratan Tata. Tata Trusts Pledges Rs 500 Crore to Help India Fight COVID19. BhaggCorona. India COVID19 Data Archive case numbers from official sources only. why covid 19 testing has been slow to take off. Delhi government is providing free food to all at these locations. Lunch 123pm Dinner 69pm. Helpline number to voluntarily report Covid19 symptoms: To generate more data that is needed to fight Covid19 I think the govt. should setup an automated toll free number where people showing symptoms can call the number and update their status. Something like this Welcome to Covid19 status update Press 1 if youre having breathing problems along with persistent dry cough fever etc .. Press 2 if youre having flu like symptoms without breathing problems. Press 9 if youre feeling OK and have no symptoms. This data will be useful when cases surge in the first week of May.. Coronavirus wards to keep patients. Images. They are saying you have to sleep here me and my sister who are not even having symptoms are kept here.. Railways manufactures prototype of isolation ward in nonAC coaches India News Times of India. During the ongoing lockdown these yoga asanas will keep you fit and energized amid the novel coronavirus crises.. hmare yaha police ai for viruss pateint. Thousands of daily wager migrant workers to take to the streets on foot to return home as the coronavirus lockdown brought public transport and employment to a halt. Indias Pollution is Vanishing During the COVID19 Lockdown. Home Minister Amit Shah Talks to CMs Asks Them to Look into Exodus of Migrant Workers amid Coronavirus Lockdown. Day 12 of social distancing. Had to travel to Pune to fetch medication.... And never thought Express way could ever look like this. Latest data How India japan and Singapore are doing better than others.: [https//public.tableau.com/profile/ratnesh2187/vizhome/Covid19\15853774170830/Dashboard2]https//public.tableau.com/profile/ratnesh2187/vizhome/Covid1915853774170830/Dashboard2. Hello this is a mask reusing protocol forwarded by my hospital. It is legit and for those who donot wish to buy hundreds of expensive N95s. Stay safe.. WHO begins mega trial of 4 promising drugs to cure Covid19. Tata Trusts commits Rs 500 crore to fight coronavirus. Tata Trusts has committed Rs 500 Crores to fight Coronavirus. Chariman Ratan Tata says urgent emergency resources need to be deployed to cope with the needs of fighting the COVID19 crisis. The COVID 19 crisis is one of the toughest challenges we will face as a race. The Tata Trusts and the Tata group companies have in the past risen to the needs of the nation. This time too we pledge to protect and empower all affected communities and is committing 500 Crore for various causes.. There are no Covid19 Red Zones in Hyderabad says Health Minister today. Cancel last SSC exam:  [http//chng.it/cRR9KHxrWW]http//chng.it/cRR9KHxrWW ampx200B ampx200B Please help every parent student and teacher of Maharashtra by signing this petition. ampx200B I hope everyone contributes to this cause immediately.. Mean while what Knappily has to say to me.. PSA Safe Grocery Shopping in COVID19 Pandemic. TATA Trust commits 500 Crore Rupees for COVID 19. Delhi Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with AYUSH professionals via video conference over COVID19.. Delhi Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with AYUSH professionals via video conference over. MHA changes rules State disaster funds to be used to give food shelter for migrant workers. Question Which news source for Covid19: [removed]. India under coronavirus lockdown Home Minister mum Kapil Sibal takes digs at Amit Shah. Migrant workers walking to their hometown since no transport facility is available due to lockdown.. Superspreader guru puts Indian villages on high alert. So the top brass wants AYUSH to fight against COVID while modern medicine is baffled.. Social distancing in a Bengaluru hospital lift. Hyderabad Eight migrants returning home killed in road accident. Fighting coronavirus Sachin Tendulkar donates Rs 50 lakh Dhoni contributes Rs 1 lakh. Indian Railways coaches to turn into isolation cabins for Covid19 patients india news. IndiafightsCorona. If our collective indifference had a face Source in comments. Migrant worker breaks down while being offered food. Source in comments.. Gujarat lockdown Man desperate to perform mothers last rites gets beaten by cops pleads helplessly. State sponsored terrorism Police gang is kicking and beating a helpless senior citizen at Samba in Jammu. PIB Fact check An online news portal has carried an interview with DG AHPI claiming that India is in Stage 3 i.e. community transmission stage of COVID2019india . It is clarified that this is misleading and has been denied by the concerned person himself. Social distancing at its best. I hate how they enforce lockdown. Much more nutritional than bats [OC]. Demand grows for W.H.O Boss resignation. Mumbai Fivestar hotel mistreated us say quarantined travellers Mumbai News Times of India. Shameful Indian govt is not even allowing testing on patients with symptoms. They are being physically attacked and forced into an isolation ward and not allowed to leave even though they are not being tested.. CRPF jawaan beats up Doctor at Safdarjung Hospital. Covid19 total lockdown An economic and humanitarian disaster. This is how losing a war feels like: I am a doctor. I am currently posted in the 2nd line of reinforcements waiting to be deployed when not if the front line falls. We have completed our retraining attended numerous debriefs attended workshops on quarantine for yourself and family and discharged most of our inpatients and our wards are converted into isolation wards. Our posting to virus wards has been chalked out and plans for our own quarantine set. Now we just sit and wait. Currently the cases are being managed by internal medicine and pulmonologist as the front line and other hospitalist like us are waiting in reserves. The wait is a nervewracking one. We know that the numbers by the government arent accurate and the wave will come anytime anyday. We are constantly checking the dashboard for the new cases trying to predict when that might be. Its terrifying especially when we have stopped most of our daily/ routine work only emergencies are working and have all the time in the world to think and ponder. The lockdown that was implemented was a good idea but its just delaying the inevitable. Stopping a virus with Ro 2.5 approx is like trying to stop wind you can slow it down sure but not stop it. Hospitals are trying to get PPE its ok atm Atleast here but when push comes to shove it will be like Stalingrad where conscripts were thrown in front of machine guns without rifles or ammunitions. Testing is also very inadequate similar to what a war time goverment does to keep the morale up by not reporting bad news which I am sure isnt their intention here. Testing criterias are ridiculous and labs dont test unless you follow them to the letter their hands are tied. Outbreak in this country most likely wont be like Italy or the US. We dont know how much worse this may get here. Given the population density god help us. We are starting to have desertion amongst our ranks. Some have tried and got certificates from other doctors stating to have preexisting conditions and wont be able to work. In response the Administration has appointed medical boards to look at such cases and decide the risk accordingly. I have never read any memoirs of someone in a losing side of the war. It would have really helped to know how they fought this hopelessness and gloom that has disrupted our lives. We are constantly hearing horrific stories from American and Italian doctors in internet and it feels a window to our future in coming days or weeks. I cant talk about this with my parents. I have decided to keep them in dark about this as much as I can. They are constantly checking the numbers in my city and hospital. I think they also know whats coming. I can only hope for general winter Indian summer in this case to stop this overwhelming force or a successful clinical trial that could atleast give us something to fight with. P.S 1. I honestly believe that the government did the best they could not only ours but across the world. This is just too hard of a foe to best. 2. Sorry if this is too pessimistic I am trying share the experiences of me and my colleagues some predictions about near future which I hope isnt correct.. Covid19 lockdown Truck crushes 4 labourers returning home near Mumbai. UP govt arranges 1000 buses for stranded migrant workers. Ola CEO to forgo annual salary company to donate Rs 20 crore for drivers hit by coronavirus lockdown. Exile and Exodus Ramayana in the Time of Lockdown Manjul. Will the Indian government put an internet ban in the country due to the covid19 outbreak: [removed]. Exiled again. Police beating of lockdown violators goes wrong. Johns Hopkins says didnt authorize CDDEP to use its logo on India COVID19 report. Conspiracy or Coincidence While Ebola MERS and Ross River viruses were named after their origin location none of the Chinese origin viruses like SARS and CoronaVirus were. Train coaches are being converted into isolation wards in order to battle corona virus: Is this the best we got as a one of the leading economic power house. Coronavirus Outbreak Two migrant workers who walked from Indore to Rajasthan tests Covid19 positive. NDTV deletes report on COVID19 transmission in India as Johns Hopkins distances itself. A Survivors Guide to Coronavirus. Migrant labours going back from Delhi after buses were arranged for their travel back home. Please report this guy The video has half a million views and people are ACTUALLY believing him Its not yet taken down by YouTube. Is WHO responsible for Corona virus spread. Indian skies as per flightradar24 after all domestic flights were cancelled. COVID19 crisis Man arrested for making video while riding motorcycle amid India lockdown in Jalgaon.. Maruti Suzuki to help produce ventilators masks and protective equipment to fight against COVID19.. Corona helmet Chennai Polices unique way to dissuade commuters amid lockdown. What were the results of private lab tests for COVID19 in the country:  I saw in the news that the government permitted few labs to start testing for COVID19. They also fixed a maximum price of Rs4500 per test. One company named MyLabs said they can do a test for Rs450. Now I am not seeing any cases reported from private labs. When will private labs will start testing Until the government increases their testing and private labs start testing we wont know the real number of positive cases n our country.. Delhi Breathes Easy As Air Quality Improves To Good Category Amid Coronavirus Lockdown: ampx200B Delhis overall air quality index at 11 am stood at 40 which falls in the good category. ampx200B gtThey said the air quality is expected to oscillate in the good or satisfactory categories due to the reduction in local sources of pollution vehicular pollution construction dust stack emissions etc due to the lockdown. ampx200B gtEnvironment and weather experts attributed the improvement in the air quality to the 21day lockdown enforced to contain the spread of the coronavirus and rains and gusty winds due to successive western disturbances. ampx200B [https//www.ndtv.com/delhinews/delhibreatheseasyasairqualityimprovestogoodcategoryamidcoronaviruslockdown2202099]https//www.ndtv.com/delhinews/delhibreatheseasyasairqualityimprovestogoodcategoryamidcoronaviruslockdown2202099. FoldingHome Reaches Exascale 1500000000000000000 Operations Per Second for COVID19. carefull shes a hero. pakistani guy calls out imran khan over coronavirus . Stay Home Stay Safe.. Job scene after corona: Has anyone here left their job just before the Corona happened I left a terrible job in February I work in IT. But now Im having second thoughts maybe I should withdraw my resignation. Anybody here in the same boat. Amidst the Coronavirus outbreak such photographs coming from around the country prove average Indian keeps humanity over religion.. Mystery In Wuhan Recovered Coronavirus Patients Test Negative ... Then Positive. How SAFE is NOCONTACT DELIVERY Considering India is seeing a spike in local transmission cases.: Was just wondering how safe swiggy and all other restaurants started opening up when there is still an increase in local transmission cases read an article today in Bihar where 6 positive cases were reported with no foreign travel history.. My friends dad made this video asking coronavirus to go away.. Ah I see we got culture. If you say this you wont be affected by Corona Virus. How can I and everyone else help in the war against coronavirus: Apologies for the pessimism and the wall of text this is something Ive been thinking we all know that coronavirus is here. Its not a short term annoyance its a disaster of unimaginable proportions. People are going to die of coronavirus jobs will be lost people are going to die of starvation the economy is going to get royally screwed and so on. Theres no getting away from that. There is no vaccine right now and most estimates Ive seen predict that the vaccine development is a year away if not more. And till a vaccine is developed we are not going back to normalcy. Not even close it. And perhaps not even after it. So here I am locked in my room working from home in a profession that does pretty much nothing to contribute to the coronavirus efforts I am an algorithmic trader in the financial markets. I consider myself fairly well educated and intelligent but I feel useless right now because I have to sit and wait while other people fight this war. And Im sure there are many people in a similar situation as myself. So my question is what can I and we do Some things I thought of 1. Obviously I must do my part to stop the spread viz practice social distancing and taking precautions. I do that religiously and also ensure that my mother as well as others in immediate family follow all the guidelines. 2. Contribute to the welfare of underprivileged people. I have ensured that our maid driver etc all will be paid salary even though theyre not working right now. I have also told them to follow all the social distancing and taking precautions aspect since they were taking it not very seriously hope that has changed after Modis announcement. However I feel.i can do more but I dont know how since I can not directly donate foodstuff and medicines and I do not know which NGO/charity I can trust to do that effectively and efficiently any suggestions here are welcome. 3. Spread awareness. I have tried to tell all the people I communicate with all of whom seemed to be taking this much more lightly than I am to be more and more cautious. I cannot enforce this on them like I might say on my mom. But I do what I can. Also I have become active on my family WhatsApp groups for the first time in years I am trying to call out dangerous misinformation which can cause people to become complacent. Also sharing latest trustworthy updates. What else Is there anything else I can do here Im sure Im missing out on a lot of things but already this post is too long. Hope I havent come across as selfindulgent or egoistic. Thanks. Safeguarding the vulnerable among us. Arunachals tribes revive indigenous lockdown rituals. CORONAVIRUS CASES amp DEATHS INDIA 902 Cases 20 Deaths. Can we drop in some ideas big/small that might come handy during this crisis with CoronaIdeas: Just came across this tweet [https//twitter.com/SinghSunnys846/status/1243793336420319233]https//twitter.com/SinghSunnys846/status/1243793336420319233. Who knows may be your idea might come handy for someone. what am i seeing over here . Is 21 Days Lock Down even Necessary Video Explaining why 21 days lockdown is necessary with Mathematics and humor.. Coronavirus pandemic Unique campaign in Mangaluru Karnataka to create awareness. India battles corona Will feed 2 million migrants if required says Manish Sisodia. Um who needs quarantine measures when we can just pray. On a lighter note what hidden secrets amp juicy gossip are you discovering now that everyones quarantined at home with friends / family: Stories about parents teenage years marriage amp other milestones in life old feuds crushes amp hush hush relations Perhaps some morbid tales some tragic anecdotes. Isolation coaches have been prepared by the Indian Railways to fight the Coronavirus Pandemic. Porn Ban lifted. This tweet was later deleted by Hon. Union Minister Prakash Javadekar.. A Doctor Was Assaulted On Her Way To The Hospital. Shes Not The Only Medic Being Attacked.. Effects of lockdown.. Effects of lockdown.. Effects of lockdown.. Covid Dilemma:  Hey folks Im in a predicament and need your advice coz ryt now my thoughts are all over the place. I came back home from NY to HYD and have been in isolation since day 1 and just on day 9 today have I started to feel under the weather. My symptoms arent really unusual just an itchy throat and malaise with a slight increase in body temp. Im in the process of talking to the health officials and getting tested today. My parents have been constantly facing the taunts of the society members of the apartment despite our complete seriousness and compliance regarding this matter. Now my question is on the off chance of me testing ve can the society people legally evict us. However the owner of our apartment has been very cooperative during these times.. You Need To Listen To This Leading COVID19 Expert From South Korea ASIAN BOSS. More than 100000 confirmed Covid19 cases in the US. Overprepared for third world war underpreprared for flu A world of misplaced priorities: [removed]. Do You Know 24 ICMR has released a study that predicts how fast Covid19 cases will increase in India and the numbers are in. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . Hyundai has ordered Advanced highaccuracy Covid19 test kits from South Korea that will help in testing over 25000 people. Migrant workers walk on foot from different locations in Delhi and Haryana to reach NH24. Coronavirus COVID19 Cases Updates 149 New Cases In 24 Hours COVID19 Count Crosses 800Mark. Labourers are Irresponsible..migrating to utilise their forced chutti to catch up with their families Two time BJP MP Balbir Punj. How do you guys deal with this situation emotionally: Im not that great at expressing my mental state but this is the best Ive got. I dont think Ive been this depressed ever. Its not because Ive been asked to sit at home but because Ive come face to face with the kind of world we live in. So many people around the world are suffering due to negligence and ignorance of a few powerful people maybe in some cases the people are responsible for their own suffering but thats not the point. I cant even imagine what the people patients medical staff families in the most affected regions are going through and I dont even want to. Even here at home so many poor people are affected due to the lockdown hungry tired and helpless. I know a lockdown was absolutely necessary but was this the best way we could have gone about it And the police beating up people just because then can Most of us are comfortable in out homes going on with our lives in the best way we can. But every time I look at any sort of news I go back to wondering if the poor people are doomed forever for a life like this What are those Swiggy/Zomato delivery guys the Uber/Ola/Auto drivers the office security and food vendors and so many others who provided me a short but important service are going through now I cant even step out to see if I can help anyone because I fear getting beaten up. And I dont even want to talk about those guys trying to use this crisis as a way to make some money including my Apartment Association like WTH guys. Its like for every reason to be grateful for there are 2 reasons that make you feel sad. Am I just overthinking this Are we just supposed to accept that the world is bad the people will suffer no matter what and continue on with our lives How do I make peace with whatever is happening everywhere especially when you cant get distracted by your usual daytoday stuff. Is it Safe to Order Food Delivery amp Takeout. Ladies and Gentlemen this is what it looks like when a govt abdicates its responsibility to its citizens. Internalise it cuz when it gets over these incompetent fools must be brought to account.. India to take part in WHOs vaccine trials to check coronavirus. So much for social distancing. Corona virus spread in india: What are the expected number of patients approximately in india of COVID19 approx spreading chances or probability of total spread. Covid Dilemma: [removed]. YOU NEED TO LISTEN TO THIS LEADING COVID 19 EXPET FROM SOURH KOREA Full credits to asian boss. Telegram bot that sends you a message whenever someone in India gets infected with Corona.. Delivery Services in Goa: Check out this webapp [https//goadelivery.glideapp.io/]https//goadelivery.glideapp.io/ It gives you contact details of all the verified home delivery services across Goa. I dont know who it might help just putting it out there.. Six out of nine COVID19 positive cases in Bihar have no travel history. Infosys Employee Arrested Over SpreadTheVirus Post Company Sacks Him www.ndtv.com. I delivered test kit project then delivered my baby. Lockdown Badaun 2020 Crawling Order Gen Dyer Amritsar 1919. Per state COVID19 figures no longer shown on Ministry website: Until yesterday the Health Ministry website at https//www.mohfw.gov.in/index.html had a nice banner/button towards the bottom of the frontpage clicking on opened up a section with a table of the perstate figures. This was updated twice/day. Until the next update you could always see the figures as of the previous update. As of this morning this perstate summary has vanished. The note at the top Districtwise and Statewise reconciled figures are awaited. is not new. Is this the start of Chinastyle fudging If the latest figures are yet to be reconciled they could always present the numbers as of the last update... Huge Public Demand. Healthcare Experts in an AMA on low count of COVID19 cases in India. Well explained. How unfair can you be to medical students. 100000 confirmed cases in U.S alone but what about mortality rate. Infosys sacks techie for controversial tweet seeking spreading of coronavirus. And I thought only our politicians were stupid.. Hello everyone I am an Indian PhD student of psychology in the US. I am coleading an international team of psychologists studying the short and long term psychological consequences of the COVID19 outbreak.: Our 1520 minute survey provides personalized feedback on how the survey is affecting you and how you are dealing with it. Currently in English but Hindi version is coming soon. I would be very grateful if you could fill the survey and share with others. [http//utpsyc.org/covid19/index.html]http//utpsyc.org/covid19/index.html. Atleast the trees look greener now. COVID19 Shirdi Trust to donate 51 crore The Hindu. Your experience with the new curfew in Punjab: [removed]. Ill man makes plea for public to take coronavirus seriously. Links to campaigns working to help poor with food and relief material during lockdown: Hey everyone I am not sure if this post violates any guidelines or if theres a seperate thread going on regarding this.. But here is the thing I am very sure you must have stumbled upon some news of how the poor and daily wage earners are hardly hit because of this lockdown. I think its our responsibility to take care of these people during this hard phase that they are going through. Here are some links to NGOs working to feed these hard hit poor during the lockdown. I am not sure if the help is actually reaching upto them or not but I guess its not the right time to sit back and judge. If possible please donate to these campaigns 1. [SAFA Society]https//pages.razorpay.com/Covid19Relief 2. [Uday foundation]https//covid19.ketto.org/fbclidIwAR18NE2TmGuJxbSJ6Ituv9LN7A80L7l2slVfwYGMqV8NPmPQdIQ0gFo 3. [Zomato Feeding India]https//www.feedingindia.org/donate Share the links to other NGOs as well.. Covid19 India prepares for massive screening effort after April 14. Medicines go out of stock as coronavirus lockdown hits Delhi pharmacies. India coronavirus lockdown Finance Ministry pulls up banks on shut branches.  15 . Made this Stay Home message Animation. Stay home. Stay safe. Avoid transmission.. Coron In 3rd stage in India: [removed]. COVID19 Consultants warn of team transmission if folks violate lockdown India records 724 cases 17 deaths to this level. First Electron Microscope Image Of COVID19 Virus From India Released. Coronavirus pandemic rapidly expanding entered stage 3 in India Report. India was late to react.: Heres why I think India was late to react to COVID 19 1COVID 19 entered India relatively late. China US EU UAE amp SEA had already been infected with it. 2Hence we cant claim that we reacted promptly. Had India been infected in January/ February we would not have taken it seriously just like the above countries. 3 India should have not allowed NRIs from the infected countries in February. 4Also there was no strict checking at the airports for tourists and NRIs and no compulsary quarantine for them. 5 Home Quarantine stamp was a poorly executed and a soft measure. These guys should have been quarantined in hospitals. 6 India should not have evacuated people from infected countries. This was purely a decision based on emotions. Not good. 7 Indians should not have played Holi this year. This was tweeted by the prime minister. But nobody took it seriously. 8 Government should have deported the 16 Italian tourists who were infected. This was reported on 4th March. 9 Government started with sanitization curfews and lockdowns only after WHO declared COVID 19 as a pandemic. 10 Airports should have been sealed much earlier. Probably in mid February. 11 Initial cases in India were reported in Kerala. These were people who had travelled from Wuhan China. It was really stupid of India to bring people from the most infected place on the earth in India. Nevertheless government amp health officials are trying their best to get rid of this by 14th April. Lets hope for the best.. oFfIcIal iNdiAn SubReEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDit. Utter confusion and incompetence at Central health ministry if this is true.. I want to live in Utopia but I dont want to work for it.: [removed]. Coronavirus India to join WHOs COVID19 trials. 722 Quarantined Delhi Locals Personal Data Circulated on WhatsApp. What is the severity of this Coronavirus: I am not asking this question with respect to the spread of the virus which can be clearly seen by Italys example No news channel talks about the actual effect of Coronavirus on humans.I want to know what the patients undergo when infected. Since it mainly affects the elderly and mainly respiratory system do they die of heart seizures How severe/deadly is the disease in killing old people What is the kind of pain they go through. Lockdown in India may last for more than 21 Days: I heard that Australias lockdown may last for 6 months..if its is true I guess India has already planned it too just they are not announcing in advance so people wont panic. I dont think even 21 days are enough to eradicate this virus from such a hugely populated country.. Number of cases: [deleted]. What we should do about COVID19. The sky has become a lot cleaner since the lockdown for sure... Device iPhone 11 res unknown location PuneBaner Road. COVID19 Updates for Maharashtra: Hello this thread aims to contain all relevant updates and discussions regarding the pandemic novel coronavirus situation across Mumbai and Maharashtra. For updates on whole country follow [r/India COVID19 mega thread.]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fkttm7/coronaviruscovid19megathreadnewsandupdatesii/ ampx200B Contact Nos State Helpline\91 20 2612 7394 National level\911123978046 State WhatsApp Bot English \91 20 2612 7394 National WhatApp Bot English\91 90131 51515 ampx200B Useful Links Public Health Department Maharashtra[https//arogya.maharashtra.gov.in/1175/NovelCoronaVirus]https//arogya.maharashtra.gov.in/1175/NovelCoronaVirus Ministry of Health and Family Welfare GoI[https//www.mohfw.gov.in]https//www.mohfw.gov.in World Health Organisation WHO[https//www.who.int/healthtopics/coronavirus]https//www.who.int/healthtopics/coronavirus ampx200B Current Status of Maharashtra ampx200B District /M.CorporationCasesDeaths Pimpri Chinchwad M.Corporation130 Pune M.Corporation180 Mumbai514 Sangli240 Navi Mumbai61 KalyanDombivali60 Nagpur90 Thane50 Yavatmal40 Ahmednagar30 Satara20 Panvel20 VasaiVirar10 Ulhasnagar10 Aurangabad10 Ratnagiri10 PuneRural10 Sindgudurg10 Palghar10 Kolhapur10 Gondia10 TOTAL1535 ampx200B Coronavirus Covid19 MultiLingual Shareable Resources Wiki [Wiki Thread]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fo0xj9/coronaviruscovid19multilingualresourceswiki/ [English]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gWSxZMTO6BKKKYGNesgYupr [Gujarati]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1ght7ez9gamQZdNuNedoJZmj [Hindi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1gWNzzpIljrP9jQkeebu6Eog [Marathi]https//1drv.ms/u/sAoYOmN7lWek1giu0e8l9SbT27AceeeNuHi ampx200B SRL Diagnostic Laboratory Dr. Avinash Phadake Laboratory Mahim Mumbai Indira Gandhi Government Medical College Nagpur Kasturba Hospital for Infectious Diseases Mumbai SRL Religare Laboratory Gaiwadi Industrial Estate S.V. Road Goregaon W Mumbai Dr Lal Path Lab Metropolis Healthcare Ltd Global Reference Laboratory Vidyavihar Mumbai Will be ready by 23 March 2020 Metropolis Healthcare Ltd Bhandarkar Institute Road Pune Will be ready by 23 March 2020 SRL Dignostic Laboratory Dr Avinash Phadake Laboratory MahimMumbai AG. Diagnostic Lab Pvt.Ltd.Pune Apollo Hospital Nashik 31. Apollo Hospital Navi Mumbai SRL Limited Sector4 Kharghar Navi Mumbai SRL LtdCoE Histopath Mahim SRL Limited Hiranandani Fortis Hospital 5th Floor Mini Seashore Road Sector10 Vashi Navi Mumbai SRL Ltd Fortis Hospital MulundGoregaon Link Road Mulund Mumbai SRL Diagnostics Dr. Avinash Phadke SRL Diagnostics Private Limited for its facilities at Dadar Mahim amp Andheri N M Medical Centre Mumbai ampx200B. How Soon Will COVID19 Peak And How To Tell by minutephysics. Corona Kavach an app if used properly could warn you when you are in proximity of an infected person and hence help you avoid them and be a bit safer.:  [https//gadgets.ndtv.com/apps/news/covid19trackercoronakavachgovernmentofindiacoronavirushowtouse2201703]https//gadgets.ndtv.com/apps/news/covid19trackercoronakavachgovernmentofindiacoronavirushowtouse2201703 The concept is good though the app is in the beta state with many problems. I feel it would not work in India for obvious reasons. But still it is good that we could take out something like this in two months.. Sneeze in Open Spread the Virus Engineer Detained in Bengaluru Infosys Terminates His Services. It hasnt been a week yet. Sign and donate to help workers migrating due to unavailability of food and shelter: [removed]. How to fight the lockdown amid covid19 crises in India with gloom busters. According to him its all a conspiracy. And he quoted the Brazil President as an important source. Because people like this exist. Humans will suffer. Scientists at Tata Consultancy Services have found 31 new promising chemical compounds that could potentially be used to fight covid19.. Simple Live Stream to Track the statewise corona trends in real time on Youtube All the data is gathered from a crowdsourced site Help me spread a word about it. Ground Report The Medics Modi Asked Us to Cheer Are Handling COVID19 Patients Unprotected. Bhilwara In Indias first district to go on lockdown workers battle hunger and uncertainty. Simulated Prediction of India under corona virus. Everyone should read this tweet and its date everyday and think about it that what it would be like if our government would have taken it seriously.. Thousands of migrants are stranded on highways walking back to their hometowns as a megalomaniac announced lockdown in 4 hours.. Dont share: [removed]. The Callousness of Indias COVID19 Response: [The Callousness of Indias COVID19 Response ]https//www.google.com/urlsatampsourcewebamprctjampurlhttps//www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2020/03/indiacoronaviruscovid19narendramodi/608896/ampved2ahUKEwiWz4bXmLvoAhXw63MBHQIrBNIQFjAAegQIBBABampusgAOvVaw3Sgn6KcniciJGeVqutwLih. I am a doctor working in a COVID19 screening centre and for the first time in my life I fucking hate my job: I wont divulge all the details but I am a doctor currently working in one of the only three government funded COVID19 screening centres in my state and I hate my job. Ours is a resource limited setting a poor nation with dirt poor patients. The whole country is in lockdown and people are in frenzy. The cases arent that many but theyre increasing fast. Our government has this shitty criteria to decide who gets screened for COVID and who doesnt. Only the symptomatic people with either a history of travel abroad in past 2 weeks or those with a direct contact with a confirmed case get tested. This criteria is so stringent that out of the hundred people that I see in a day I hardly send one or two for testing. And I am not even counting the hundreds who are attended at a separate flu clinic and dont even see the face of the screening centre. I dont know whether the government cant afford the testing kits or it doesnt want to reveal the true picture all I know is that we are sitting on a time bomb. What I hate the most is arguments with patients. They come a long way facing a lot of hardships just to reach our centre and we are forced to turn them away. Literally every single person I see over a six hour period calls me useless because I wont test them. Theyre frustrated and so am I. My hands are tied by the rules and they just need someone to take it out on and we keep on being the scapegoats in between. I used to be the kind of person who would reach first to the hospital and would be the last to leave but I hate going to work now I dread talking to people knowing all I am going to do is let them down. Not to mention the hardships I have to face just to reach the hospital from my place of residence because our government has shut down literally every mode of conveyance. So I walk an hour everyday to work only to be cursed by patients and only to put my own health at risk. Please advise your children to not become a doctor. Atleast not in this country.. Biplab Deb suggests a traditional alternative to masks the jal gamcha. As lockdown loomed Indias rich scrambled to fly kids home from abroad. 160 cases in India today. Highest yet. Total 887: [removed]. The Callousness of Indias COVID19 Response. True Story Bruh. In Video Tweet Priyanka Gandhi Says Thousands Flown Back Home But.... Bihars junior doctors forced to continue treating COVID19 patients despite showing symptoms. Added new page for detail tracking of the situation for India only: [removed]. Bihars junior doctors forced to continue treating COVID19 patients despite showing symptoms. Confusion prevails amongst the stray canines.... Six out of the nine total COVID19 confirmed cases in Bihar have no travel history Bihar Health Department. Ive never been so angry and frustrated with the Government.: While the privileged are sitting at homes doing pointless shit like posting challenges on Instagram There are literally millions of daily wage workers homeless and deprived people. More than 1 lakh people are stranded at the UP Delhi border. Who the fuck will look after them if they contract the disease Who the fuck will care about them These people are at many times the only breadwinners of the family. Can we be so ignorant that we readily allow entire families of poor to get destroyed Some owners of factories contractors have simply havent paid these workers and simply turned a blind eye towards these people. People like you and me have plenty of surplus money and resources. There are people who literally completely depend on their next months salary to run their houses. How do you think would they manage Government just abruptly closed down the entire nation. What arrangement did it make so that the poor reach their homes along with their familes safely It is not as simple as booking a cab or renting a car for them. People are literally walking miles and miles to reach home. Why arent these people being given masks being scanned or being disinfected People are being brutally tortured by the police. Dont they deserve spending this dark and difficult time with their familes in their homes Try to imagine the immense fear and desperation and the helplessness of these people. Everybody is praising the Indian government on how efficiently they brought an early lockdown. They dont realize what the poor are going through simply because the society doesnt care about them. Please think again if you think my thoughts have political origin.. Covid Cure Is it true Any doctors who can verify: [removed]. Wipro CEO Azim Premji donated 50000 crores to charity for COVID19. Where are the bravehearts: Wasnt it just last year that someone wanted a war Someone wanted to go out and bang some mother fuckers into submission. that false sense of belonging to a group far superior to destroy the other. All the nuclear weapons weve come up with. DEFEND MY DICK.................. yeah sure whats up with us now cant be stranded for a few days because of a lockdown aww... we are so adorable. Finding it hard to fight a microscopic being just touring the globe where are all our weapons of MASSSSSSS DESTRUCTION AT Standing in line at a grocery store to pick up ESSENTIAL BELONGINGS... we dont even have the balls to grasp the reality were facing now. You cant go out you feel me you are stranded at home... yes this is actually happening. this isnt a piece from a scifi film. this is reality.. pinch yourself when you wake up. You cant go to the gym you cant go out on a date no movie theatres no going on long walks no dates no cruising on the fucking highways malls are SHUT the freaking salon is SHUT .. HUGGING YOUR LOVED ONES IS A CRIME NOW ... the world is in lockdown. VVIPS are getting infected by the virus. WELCOME TO REALITY those who were beating the drums for war. imagine what would have happened. were still slowly moving towards starvation may god help the economy. THIS IS NOT PS4 OR XBOX ONE. take some time to dissolve this false sense of arrogance and pride. you aint shit. most of us cant handle a spider in our rooms. theres a big disconnect. we still have time to wake up as citizens. I tell this to myself and then to yall. We are yet to face a huge trial. spread peace and harmony. makeup with anyone youve done wrong to. life is short. realize that and lets strive together. lets hope this ends... WE have a lot to do.. individually and collectively.. COVID19 Updates for Maharashtra: [removed]. Lockdown. Long march. Coronavirus.. Huge number of people seen walking on foot toward their homes in different districts of Uttar Pradesh near DelhiUP border in absence of transport services due to Coronvirus Lockdown.. India. 2 Months On Our Doctors Still Do Not Have Protective Equipment. Why Is The Govt Taking So Long. An interesting website I made corona go. Is testing for COVID19 started by private labs in any of the states: [removed]. Kerala Calling Labourers Guest and Not Migrant amid Coronavirus Crisis Has a Lesson for Us All. Fresh 39 covid19 positive cases have been reported today in the state of Kerala India. 34 cases are from Kasaragod. 2 from Kannur 1 from Kollam.. Coronavirus outbreak has revealed big gaps in healthcare law enforcement in India time for reforms is now. India gambles on lockdown to save millions. Government should start building temporary hospitals and maximise the production of ventilator.: We just cant wait for 21 days to stop spreading of COVID19. This isnt going to get over after 21 days or even 6 months. We can survive 3 months but after that there will be chaos all across the country. Government has 21 days to prepare for this scenario. Anand Mahindra has finished the design of ventilator there are also other design of ventilator online available as free source. 21 days should be enough to get testing kits as much as possible to each state.. Kejriwal to share Delhi and Indias experience in fight against Covid19 in global meet. Thousands of hungry and desperate migrant workers walk from Delhi to UP as an unplanned nationwide lockdown was placed overnight. Lockdown implementation was a disaster and economic cost for the Nation of lockdown might just have gone down the drains.. Optimistic bias Why we think we are less likely than others to get coronavirus. Provide safety gear to doctors health workers at private medical institutes Bombay HC to authorities. Indian media taking precautions for Corona very seriously. CLAT 2020 to be postponed: [deleted]. Well hopefully be back to build you homes to work from. Good News Coronavirus Tracking App is here by Goverment. The Atlantic India Is Showing How Not to Respond to a Pandemic. Why do majority of Indians justify police brutality amid covid19 lockdown. Indian family names baby daughter Corona saying pandemic has brought unity to the world. And Dhoni gave 1 Lakh. Scenes at DelhiUP border on 27th evening. 5 things to do whilst on lockdown due to COVID19. Abu Khalid alHindi who attacked Sikhs in Afghanistan was one Mohammed Sajid from Kasargod ISIS module Kerala Here is all you need to know. Good Samaritan put together a website that indexes all the different fundraising efforts to help day wage and informal labour during this lockdown: [removed]. MasksForALL strategy seems to work well.: Lex Fridman researcher in MIT recently made a video talking about importance of Masks. He recommends making masks at home by using easily available materials. Also gives some nice instructions on making one from a cotton tshirt. This seems quite useful especially for India where there could be a shortage of surgical masks. StayHomeStaySafe. First images from India of virus causing Covid19 captured by scientists. How do the tests for COVID19 work. India battles coronavirus pandemic. reports from different parts of the country. stay home stay safe.. Amidst the racist attacks and remarks against Northeastern Indians during the Coronavirus Pandemic. This young girl Britipta speaks out that Northeasterns are just as much Indians as the rest of India. Stay indoors stay safe. Innovative way to wash your hands during Corona. Only in India. Jugaad Social distancing. Are we building hospitals: Seeing other countries it is obvious that we will need a lot of quarantine beds. Given that we have 1 quarantine bed per 100000 people. We really should start making temporary hospitals right now. I havent seen any such news why havent we started yet. Social distancing is the best strategy according to science. Heres how.. You are a fighter Modi tells Boris Johnson after UK PM tests positive.. Gap In Monitoring International Passengers Centre To States On COVID19. Remember him. COVID19 cases detected in four separate Mumbai slum clusters. I replied under a video where a muslim man rejected wearing masks and wore a muslim crown instead.It was a dumb argument i told several people attacking me that WHO has said that there is no proof of the mask protecting you from the virus. Then this dude straight up rejects WHO.. How can one utilize this quarantine: [removed]. humans are the reals virus . Soap vs Sanitizer..Which one Kills CORONAVIRUS more effectively How does a soap works: [removed]. India super spreader quarantines 40000 people. India super spreader quarantines 40000 people: Indian authorities in the northern state of Punjab have quarantined around 40000 residents from 20 villages following a Covid19 outbreak linked to just one man. The 70yearold died of coronavirus a fact found out only after his death. The man identified as Baldev Singh had visited a large gathering to celebrate the Sikh festival of Hola Mohalla shortly before he died. The sixday festival attracts around 10000 people every day.. Flight Attendant Quarantined By Govt Harassed By RWA COVID19 Brings Out MiddleClass Indias Worst Impulses. Yay I guess. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Curious question Can there be natural vaccine for Corona if virus is killed by body before it can turn into threat: Suppose I come in contact with person who has Corona but he did not transmit enough quantity of virus to me. Now due to quantity of virus being insufficient it could not multiply as much. And then body identified it as external threat. And antibodies killed it fast because virus army was still too small Now can this act as a natural vaccine for future Corona attacks Because now body knows about Corona virus just on the same principle as vaccine works. Can I become immune to Corona without even knowing that it infected me to small level PS Just a curious question. I have no idea if body or corona works that way.. Lockdown Haves vs Havenots. Coronavirus UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson tests positive. The Good And Ugly Of The Governments Economic Package. TIL Government released a New LocationBased COVID19 Tracking App: [Corona Kavach App Link]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.cosafe.android The app will track users location and alert if they are at risk of being exposed.. While Humans Stay In During Lockdown Animals Birds Reclaim Spaces. Indias Coronavirus Layoffs Begin As IT Firm Fires 20 In Hyderabad. RBIs mega financial package will work only if Modi govt plans for life after lockdown. Tribute To Real Heroes On Janta Curfew. Army trucks spotted entering Telangana today. Health Minister has not addressed the briefing EVEN once. 17 people are dead. This is what happened in todays briefing [LA Lav Aggarwal Joint Secretary Union Health Ministry]. Amazon Flipkart Operations Being Disrupted Amid Lockdown. Criminals take advantage of lack of police and people within colony roads: https//twitter.com/aayusharora99/status/1243441858971185152s21 https//www.edtimes.in/manrobbedofcameraatgunpointinsouthdelhiduringdaytimecovid19lockdownthrowsupnewchallengesforpolice/ A 21 yearold student was robbed at gunpoint by two men on a bike. He was trying to document scenes of the lockdown near his house. This may sound like its too obvious to be said out loud but lets all be careful carrying cash and valuables jewelry and cellphones outside the house while going grocery shopping especially if you need to go through any nowdeserted stretches. Ive seen many people including my father who would prefer to walk to the nearby market but if possible it seems safer to take vehicles even for what might seem like a very short distance and then park as close as possible to the shop. This concern extends to shopkeepers dealing in cash as well but besides shutting shop I cant think of many ways they can reasonably mitigate the risks.. Curfew an app amp assured home delivery Punjab leaves little to chance in Covid19 battle. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson tests positive for coronavirus. Can we convert train coaches into temporary hospitals/beds: Looking at the current situation of our country the number of patients are increasing every day. If the situation gets out of hand which I pray to god should not happen can we convert our AC railway coaches into temporary hospitals since trains are not being used for transportation anymore.. Social Distancing. Ground Report Unprotected Doctors Are Risking Their Lives to Treat COVID19 Patients [NP]. BBC News UK applauds coronavirus helpers. Lockdown vs my family. Quarantine Fun with Toddlers A Guide for Indian Parents [PDF]. Online community to help conduct online classes: Due to CoVid 19 many institutions are taking their classes online. Many professors are doing this for the first time and they are not sure how to do this effectively. May also lead to students without access to tech getting marginalised. Planning to start an online community like an FB group etc for profs to ask questions etc and share info as how to plan whats the best platform etc. Are there any existing platforms Or do you know anyone wholl be interested in joining one Let me know. British PM Boris Johnson tests positive for COVID19. Corona Doesnt Want to Kill You Sadhguru Answers Critics. Ive urged CMs of Maharashtra UttarakhandampHaryana to arrange foodamplodging for citizens of UP living in their states. We will bear the cost of the arrangements. Weve appointed nodal officers to coordinate with govts of 12 states whose people are living in UP CM Yogi Adityanath. Sachin Tendulkar donates Rs 50 lakh to fight Covid19. Go Corona Go: [removed]. Advice by RBI is most likely to be followed by banks in India Rajiv Kumar Vice Chairman NITI Aayog on RBIs announcements amid coronavirus crises across the nation.. Karnataka Covid19 Updates.: [removed]. Coronavirus spread. Found this covid19 tracker that provides data about each patient along with their travel history and graphs possible community spread.: [removed]. This will be remembered for years to come.. Maharashtra 12 people from same family test positive for Covid19 infection in Sangli district number of cases in Maharashtra now 147.. Donald Trump Administration Failing On COVID19 Battle Front . Coronavirus Top bureaucrat redflags gap in monitoring says over 15 lakh came to India in last 2 months. Kamra and corona: Anyone else think we all got kamraed by coronavirus Airlines thought they were grounding him and got grounded themselves. He came out on top in this situation.... Coronavirus pandemic 400 million Indians to be infected by July report suggests start of community transmission. How china misled the world. A look at the life of people who are currently under quarantine in India at hospitals hotels or their own homes with no concrete treatment as of yet so others are not at risk.. This maybe funny. Air Quality Levels across Mumbai Delhi Hyderabad Chennai amp Kolkata during the lockdown. Reality of Hospitals: Any doctor or anyone who knows the reality of hospitals today.Are the total no. of cases are being suppressed Do u hv proper equipments Pls Share.. Salman Khan donates 250 Cr Cheque To The Center 4 helping Poor People suffering from LockDown: [removed]. Spread this message gt It is unIslamic to pray Friday prayers in Congregation in such times.: It has been observed that there are some people regardless of faith trying to form groups or not take this lock down seriously. Some Muslims are aware of praying in homes their daily 5 prayers but would like to make some efforts to at least pray Friday prayers at noon in group or congregation. Here are the scholarly answers and clarifications for those who are not aware of Islamic position on such situations. The Islamic position in this issue is not praying in congregation. Scholarly opinion If a specialized body determines that medical quarantine or isolation is to be imposed on someone it is obligatory for him to comply with that and to not attend Friday prayers or prayers in congregation. Therefore he should offer the prayers at home or in the place where he is quarantined. This is because of the report narrated by asShareed ibn Suwayd athThaqafi who said Among the delegation from Thaqeef there was a man with leprosy. The Prophet blessings and peace of Allah be upon him sent word to him saying We have accepted your oath of allegiance so go back. \[Narrated by Muslim Source The Council of Senior Scholars in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Therefore Complying with the government in this case if mandatory for Muslims. Islam wants to bring you ease and not difficulty. Quarantine If people are told to quarantine themselves are not go out during a lock down this is in fact an Islamic practice. ampx200B Scholarly opinion It is prohibited for a person infected with this virus to attend Friday prayers and prayers in congregation because the Prophet blessings and peace of Allah be upon him said Sick camels should not be put with healthy camels. \[Narrated by alBukhaari and Muslim\] and because he blessings and peace of Allah be upon him said If you hear of the outbreak of a plague in a land do not enter it and if it breaks out in a land in which you are do not leave it. \[alBukhaari and Muslim\]. Also It is not permissible to attend any prayers in congregation which could cause harm to ones own self or others. Scholarly opinion If anyone fears that he may be harmed or may harm others it is permissible for him to not attend the Friday prayer and prayers in congregation because the Prophet blessings and peace of Allah be upon him said There should be neither harm nor reciprocating harm. \[Narrated by Ibn Majah\]. Lastly What is the alternative to Friday Prayers in congregation The alternative is to Pray Friday Prayers like usually Dhuhr noon prayers with 4 rakats. i.e. 4 cycles of standing bowing and prostration. ampx200B Please share this information with whoever you think has an opinion that it is unislamic to pray in Congregation on Friday. Tell them it is actually Islamic to follow the experts and the government agencies and not gather in groups or pray in congregation to restrict the spread of this COVID19 Pandemic. Hope this helps.. Covid19 all updates in Uttar Pradesh: Hello this thread aims to contain all relevant updates and discussions regarding pandemic novel corona virus situation across Uttar Pradesh Official website of \[directorate of Medical and Health services Uttar Pradesh\] [http//dgmhup.gov.in/en/]http//dgmhup.gov.in/en/ Official site of \[kanpur Nagar\] [https//kanpurnagar.nic.in/notice/novelcoronavirusinformation/]https//kanpurnagar.nic.in/notice/novelcoronavirusinformation/ \\Contact Nos.\\ state level 18001805145 national level 911123978046 \\Test centres in UP\\ Kings George Medical university Shah Mina Rd Chowk Lucknow Uttar Pradesh 226003[Phone]https//www.google.com/searchqkinggeorge27smedicaluniversityphoneampludocid11075679098169063399ampsaXampved2ahUKEwiwxqOirroAhXt6nMBHTudBzwQ6BMwHXoECCAQCA 0522 225 7540 Institute of Medical Science Aurobindo Colony Banaras Hindu University Campus Varanasi Uttar Pradesh 221005 phone 0542 236 7568 Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College Medical Rd AMU Campus Aligarh Uttar Pradesh 202002 \\open 24x7\\ \\Districtwise cases\\ DistrictPatients Noida14 Agra8 Lucknow8 Ghaziabad3 Pilibhit2 Lakhimpur kheri1 kanpur1 moradabad1 varanasi1 jaunpur1 shamli1 Baghpat1 \\News updates\\ \\27 march 2020\\ \[Uttar pradesh reports 5 new coronavirus cases in past 24 hours tally touches 43\] [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/uttarpradeshreports5newcoronaviruscasesinpast24hourstallytouches43/articleshow/74833081.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/uttarpradeshreports5newcoronaviruscasesinpast24hourstallytouches43/articleshow/74833081.cms \[no charges on online power bill payment in UP\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/smallbiz/productline/powergeneration/nochargeononlinepowerbillpaymentinup/articleshow/74843569.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/smallbiz/productline/powergeneration/nochargeononlinepowerbillpaymentinup/articleshow/74843569.cms \[indias electricity use falls to lowest in 5 month due to lockdown\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/energy/power/indiaselectricityusefallstolowestin5monthsduetolockdown/articleshow/74844260.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/energy/power/indiaselectricityusefallstolowestin5monthsduetolockdown/articleshow/74844260.cms \\26 march 2020\\ \[UP police registers over 2800 FIRs and collects Rs 144 crores from vehicle fines during lockdown\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/uppoliceregistersover2800firscollectsrs144crorefromvehiclefinesduringlockdown/articleshow/74834883.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/uppoliceregistersover2800firscollectsrs144crorefromvehiclefinesduringlockdown/articleshow/74834883.cms \[Daily wage workers cross border to go to their native villagesamid covid19 lockdown\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/dailywageworkerscrossbordertogototheirnativevillagesamidcovid19lockdown/videoshow/74826287.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/dailywageworkerscrossbordertogototheirnativevillagesamidcovid19lockdown/videoshow/74826287.cms \[Uttar pradesh bans gutkha to avoid covid19 spread\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/uttarpradeshbansgutkhatoavoidcovid19spread/articleshow/74812853.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/uttarpradeshbansgutkhatoavoidcovid19spread/articleshow/74812853.cms \[4 more test positive for coronavirus in UP count rise to 42\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/4moretestpositiveforcoronavirusinupcountriseto42official/articleshow/74829917.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/4moretestpositiveforcoronavirusinupcountriseto42official/articleshow/74829917.cms \\25 march 2020\\ \[Ensure door step delivery of essentials to help people stay indoors says UP CM to officials\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/covid19ensuredoorstepdeliveryofessentialstohelppeoplestayindoorssaysupcmtoofficials/articleshow/74813006.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/covid19ensuredoorstepdeliveryofessentialstohelppeoplestayindoorssaysupcmtoofficials/articleshow/74813006.cms \[Migrants forced uttar Pradesh to delay lockdown\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/migrantsforceduttarpradeshtodelaylockdown/articleshow/74802309.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/migrantsforceduttarpradeshtodelaylockdown/articleshow/74802309.cms \\24 march 2020\\ \[Uttar pradesh govtdeclares corona a state disaster\] [https//www.deccanherald.com/national/uttarpradeshgovtdeclarescoronaastatedisaster817228.html]https//www.deccanherald.com/national/uttarpradeshgovtdeclarescoronaastatedisaster817228.html \[full lockdown announced in UP till march 27\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/fulllockdownannouncedinuptillmarch27/articleshow/74790950.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/fulllockdownannouncedinuptillmarch27/articleshow/74790950.cms \[UP tpuse 10000 vehicles to deliver food and grocery at people doorsteps amid lockdown\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/coronavirusuttarpradeshtouse10000vehiclestodeliverfoodandgroceryatpeoplesdoorstepsamidlockdown/articleshow/74800284.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/coronavirusuttarpradeshtouse10000vehiclestodeliverfoodandgroceryatpeoplesdoorstepsamidlockdown/articleshow/74800284.cms \[ women with no history of foreign travel tests positive for covid19 in noida\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/womanwithnohistoryofforeigntraveltestspositiveforcovid19innoida/articleshow/74792493.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/womanwithnohistoryofforeigntraveltestspositiveforcovid19innoida/articleshow/74792493.cms \\23 March 2020\\ \[baby in Uttar pradesh named corona after novel coronavirus\] [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusoutbreakbabyinuttarpradeshnamedcoronaafternovelvirus2199439]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusoutbreakbabyinuttarpradeshnamedcoronaafternovelvirus2199439 \[Lava shuts Noida manufacturing factory till march 25 under govt order\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/tech/hardware/lavashutsnoidamanuacturingfactorytillmarch25undergovtorders/articleshow/74773687.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/tech/hardware/lavashutsnoidamanuacturingfactorytillmarch25undergovtorders/articleshow/74773687.cms \\22 March 2020\\ \[Greater Noida man who returned from dubai tests positive for coronavirus\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/greaternoidamanwhoreturnedfromdubaitestspositiveforcoronavirus/articleshow/74757543.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/greaternoidamanwhoreturnedfromdubaitestspositiveforcoronavirus/articleshow/74757543.cms \[Noida metro suspended till 31st march\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/railways/coronaimpactnoidametrosuspendedtillmarch31/articleshow/74759198.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/railways/coronaimpactnoidametrosuspendedtillmarch31/articleshow/74759198.cms \\21 march 2020\\ \[Noida housing society sealed after new coronavirus positive case\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/coronavirusoutbreaknoidahousingsocietysealedafternewpositivecase/videoshow/74743914.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/coronavirusoutbreaknoidahousingsocietysealedafternewpositivecase/videoshow/74743914.cms \\20 march 2020\\ \[kanika kapoor tests coronavirus positive hid travel history threw party\] [https//www.indiatoday.in/movies/bollywood/story/babydollsingerkanikakapoortestscoronaviruspositiveshehidtravelhistorythrewpartyat5star165781120200320]https//www.indiatoday.in/movies/bollywood/story/babydollsingerkanikakapoortestscoronaviruspositiveshehidtravelhistorythrewpartyat5star165781120200320 \[UP CM orders all malls in the state to be closed major cities to be sanitised\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/upcmordersallmallsinstatetobeclosedmajorcitiestobesanitised/articleshow/74734771.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/upcmordersallmallsinstatetobeclosedmajorcitiestobesanitised/articleshow/74734771.cms \\19 march 2020\\ \[section 144 imposed in Noida\] [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/video/coronavirusinindiasection144imposedinnoida165722120200319]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/video/coronavirusinindiasection144imposedinnoida165722120200319 \[HCL employee in noida tests positive for covid 19\] [https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/hclemployeeinnoidatestspositiveforcovid19casesinupreach17/storyohYtiJ2wKalLqgU86aNHYO.html]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/hclemployeeinnoidatestspositiveforcovid19casesinupreach17/storyohYtiJ2wKalLqgU86aNHYO.html \[Two more cases found in Lakhimpur kheri total cases reach upto 19\] [https//www.deccanherald.com/national/twomorepositivecoronaviruscasesinuptotalcasesnow19815363.html]https//www.deccanherald.com/national/twomorepositivecoronaviruscasesinuptotalcasesnow19815363.html \\18 march 2020\\ \[One more tests positive for coronavirus in Noida\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/onemoretestspositiveforcoronavirusinnoida/articleshow/74690251.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/onemoretestspositiveforcoronavirusinnoida/articleshow/74690251.cms All UP govt school students of class 1 to 8 to get promoted without exams\] [https//english.jagran.com/india/coronavirusscareallupgovtschoolstudentsofclasses1to8togetpromotedwithoutexams10009755]https//english.jagran.com/india/coronavirusscareallupgovtschoolstudentsofclasses1to8togetpromotedwithoutexams10009755 \\17 March 2020\\ Two people return from France found positive in Noida \[uttar pradesh extends shutdown till april 2\] [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/coronaoutbreakuttarpradeshextendsshutdowntillapril2/articleshow/74672722.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/coronaoutbreakuttarpradeshextendsshutdowntillapril2/articleshow/74672722.cms \[UP government to compensate daily wage earners for loss due to coronvirus\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/upgovernmenttocompensatedailywageearnersforlossduetocoronavirus/articleshow/74673976.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/upgovernmenttocompensatedailywageearnersforlossduetocoronavirus/articleshow/74673976.cms ampx200B \\15 march 2020\\ \[one more reported positive in lucknow total case 12\] [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronavirusinindiaonemorecovid19casereportedinlucknowuttarpradesh165552720200314]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronavirusinindiaonemorecovid19casereportedinlucknowuttarpradesh165552720200314 \\13 march 2020\\ \[Noida employee with travel history to Italy tests positive707 workers came in contact\] [https//indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/coronavirusnoidaemployeewithtravelhistorytoitalytestspositive6312385/]https//indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/coronavirusnoidaemployeewithtravelhistorytoitalytestspositive6312385/ \[uttar pradesh shuts all school college till 22 march\] [https//www.livemint.com/news/india/coronavirusuttarpradeshshutsschoolscollegestill22march11584098332754.html]https//www.livemint.com/news/india/coronavirusuttarpradeshshutsschoolscollegestill22march11584098332754.html \\12 march 2020\\ Government cancel all visa invokes epidemic act\] [https//www.theweek.in/news/india/2020/03/12/epidemicactcompletevisacancellationsindiabattleagainstthecoronavirus.html]https//www.theweek.in/news/india/2020/03/12/epidemicactcompletevisacancellationsindiabattleagainstthecoronavirus.html \[A tourist guide who came in contact with Italian guests in Noida tested positive\] [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/onemoretestscovid19positiveuttarpradeshtallyisnine/articleshow/74586351.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/onemoretestscovid19positiveuttarpradeshtallyisnine/articleshow/74586351.cms \[Women doctor from canada tests corona virus positive in lucknow\] [https//www.tribuneindia.com/news/womandoctorfromcanadatestscoronaviruspositiveinlucknow54338]https//www.tribuneindia.com/news/womandoctorfromcanadatestscoronaviruspositiveinlucknow54338 \\9 March 2020\\ \[A factory worker in Agra who had come in contact with an infected person was diagnosed with the virus\] [https//www.livemint.com/news/india/coronavirusupdatenewcasereportedfromagra11583726550956.html]https//www.livemint.com/news/india/coronavirusupdatenewcasereportedfromagra11583726550956.html \\5 March 2020\\ \[Ghaziabad man with travel history to Iran test positive for novelcoronavirus\] [https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/ghaziabadmanwithtravelhistorytoirantestspositivefornovelcoronavirustotalcasesriseto30/article30991179.ece]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/ghaziabadmanwithtravelhistorytoirantestspositivefornovelcoronavirustotalcasesriseto30/article30991179.ece . Kerala IAS Officer Allegedly Defies Home Quarantine Travels To UP. COVID19 Sachin Tendulkar donates Rs. 50 lakh: Sachin Tendulkar has reportedly donated Rs.50 lakh to fight against the novel coronavirus pandemic. As per latest report more than seven hundred people in India have tested coronavirus positive and 17 persons lost their battles against the pandemic. According to reports Tendulkar has donated this money to the Prime Ministers Relief Fund and the Maharashtras Chief Ministers Relief Fund to continue the war against the deadly virus.....[Read More]https//www.sentinelassam.com/nationalnews/covid19sachintendulkardonatesrs50lakh/. Todays count so far...... Coronavirus Credit rating agency Moodys slashes Indias GDP growth forecast from 5.3 to 2.5. Cognizant offers extra 25 of base pay to India employees. Watch the punishment for violating the curfew. Virus isnt going to disappear after lockdown Expert says longterm strategy needed. Assam govt to cut pay of employees ranging from 10 to 20 to fund coronavirus expenses: Assam govt. has decided to cut pay of the employees of the state ranging from 10 to 20 from the salary for the month of March/2020. They promise to return it with 4.5 interest on the next financial year. Govt. Employees like peons/clerks etc. would suffer while officers who get a higher pay would not suffer much as basic commodities cost the same no matter your income level. No English/Hindi media channels are reporting it as of yet but I saw it Local Assamese regional news channels are covering it.. Is this number genuine for covid19 India: [removed]. A man being beaten up for not following lockdown truly barbaric.. See this . Corona Go: Corona Go Are you stuck at home due to the outbreak of coronavirus Have you socially distanced yourself Wow Thank you for being the champion of Humanity. To ease the social distancing of yours we have a little gift for you The Corona Go app Here you can earn points and share it on your social media to show them whos the champion of Social Distancing. Also how about exchanging these points for some cool rewards Sounds interesting Register now for Early Bird signups at CoronaGoApp.com. Indian migrant workers could undermine the worlds largest lockdown. Indian Covid19 Cases Live Feed. Heres a 6Point Guide to Survive a Lockdown From a Kashmiri. Punjab Police harassing and beating people. Devising a peoplecentric response to COVID19 The Hindu 27 March 2020. Take a look at the coronavirus situation in India.. Online doctors services got activated. How masks are made in India . MP COVID19 Megathread:  This thread is for sharing coronavirus news and updates related to Madhya Pradesh. Indian Government [Official Twitter Collection of Indian Govt. Communications]https//twitter.com/i/events/1240662046280048646 [State and District Wise Details of Cases in India]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/DistrictWiseList324.pdf All India Helplines 1075 Toll Free 911123978046 Email ID [ncov2019gov.in]mailtoncov2019gov.in [State Helpline Numbers]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdf [Test Centers List]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/trends/healthtrends/covid19pandemiclookingforcoronavirustestingcentresnearyouheresthelist5045661.html [Ministry of health and family welfare]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ [National Center for Disease Control]https//ncdc.gov.in/index4.phplang1amplevel0amplinkid127amplid432 WHO Guide [India situation report WHO]https//www.who.int/india/emergencies/indiasituationreport [Advice for public]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic [Coronavirus Myth Busters]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/mythbusters [Coronavirus QnA]https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses Trackers [Covid India Tracker]https//www.covid19india.org/ courtesy of [u/splitladoo]https//www.reddit.com/u/splitladoo/ [Covid World Tracker]https//www.covid19world.org/ [Covid 19 worldometer]https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ [Covid19 worldwide map]https//google.org/crisisresponse/covid19maphlen News and Updates community [r/Coronavirus]https//www.reddit.com/r/Coronavirus/ [r/worldnews]https//www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/ [r/COVID19positive]https//www.reddit.com/r/COVID19positive/ [r/india]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/ Coronavirus Precautions via [Economic Times]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/ 1. Avoid close contact with people who are sick. Maintain at least three feet distance between yourself and anyone who is coughing or sneezing. 2. Avoid touching your eyes nose and mouth. 3. Stay home when you are sick. 4. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue then dispose of the tissue safely. 5. Clean and disinfect frequentlytouched objects and surfaces using a regular household cleaning spray or wipe. 6. Wearing a mask is not necessary unless you are taking care of an infected person. The Centers for Disease Control CDC does recommend that only infected people wear masks to prevent the spread of the virus. 7. Wash your hands often with soap and water for at least 20 seconds especially after going to the bathroom before eating and after blowing your nose coughing or sneezing. 8. If soap and water are not readily available use an alcoholbased hand sanitizer with at least 60 alcohol. Always wash hands with soap and water when hands are visibly dirty. 9. If you have a fever cough and difficulty breathing seek medical attention immediately. 10. Keep in mind the travel advisory set out by the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Quarantine [Guidelines for home quarantine by ministry for health India]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/DraftGuidelinesforhomequarantine.pdf. Thats a brilliant idea. A little contribution towards public awareness: [removed]. A little contribution towards public awareness: [removed]. Pune Wagholi hospital staff evicted from nearby soc amid COVID19 scare. Social Distancing Next level . Please advice your family members friends or even strangers to not gather for prayers during this time. India is a very vulnerable country and if we can prevent the spread of virus in our country we can be as an example. Thank you and be safe. In light of the COVID19 situation Cognizant has announced additional payment of 25 of the base pay for April for employees up to Associate level in India and the Philippines. This applies to more than twothirds of the India workforce.. Hydroxychloroquine now a schedule H1 drug. Bengaluru Scientist Claims New Medical Device Can Neutralise Coronavirus Will be Sent to US to Test News18. Hi r/India. We need your help to fight Covd19. We are trying to fix the alarming shortages that Indian hospitals are facing/will face while fighting Covid19. Please help us out: [removed]. Oyo setting up quarrentine facilities.. RFS DU SOL: Anybody heard of them They are an Australian group makes progressive and deep house mostly. Discovered them a few months earlier in r/EDM . Yall should check them out. Rfs du sol Innerbloom MUST Rufus du sol Imaginary Air Rufus du sol No place They recently released a movie. Its a visual treat [ RFS DU SOL Live from Joshua Tree ] https//youtu.be/Zy4KtD98S2c A playlist that i made with soft to ear tracks to relax to [ Spotify ] https//open.spotify.com/playlist/53rfbIRtINhvO9Wnpl7JQksiFA6QsEUIThm8vpOJRXoLqQ Happy Quarantine.. AICTE directs all its Approved Institutes to instruct students NOT to take any summer internships in outside organisations. Instead colleges should give challenging problems as internship which can be done from home.. Mapping of Covid19 by crowdsourcing.: [removed]. A thread on how this regime with its eloquent planning has abandoned the poor and marginalised and left them to starve.: Videos and Images Lakhs of migrant labourers have been left stranded. They have no way to get back to their villages. They cant stay back. They have no money to feed themselves. They have no option but to head back home by foot as they can at least manage to get some food back in their native place. Gangadas a migrant worker in Delhi lost his job due to pan India lockdown. COVID19 is a double whammy for him as unseasonal rainfall and hailstorms have destroyed his crop in his village. He is part of the 85 workers in Indias informal economy. [https//twitter.com/databaaz/status/1243002733726175232] 300 migrant labourers crammed inside two trucks. Yavatmal police stopped two trucks carrying people at a border check post on the MaharashtraTelangana border. They were going to their home state Rajasthan from Telangana amid. [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243246869234368512] 60yearold Prem Pal a construction thekedaar was walking to his home earlier today. He will walk more than 200 km to reach his family Badaun [https//twitter.com/furquansid/status/1243213020693590017] What happens to the advisory of washing hands frequently when people have no money to even buy a soap or take a shower Migrant workers and rickshawwalas in Old Delhi have a similar story [https//twitter.com/furquansid/status/1243213020693590017] A migrant family decided to leave from Delhi for their village in Aligarh on foot. They said that their landlords locked them up in their rented rooms [https//twitter.com/furquansid/status/1243239649750839296] The other face of thalibajaoing hungry villagers in Patiala Punjab bang plates demanding food. [https//twitter.com/SreenivasanJain/status/1243224004342636544] Its a long walk to their homes. This is NoidaGreater Noida Highway right now. Several migrant labourers walking [https//twitter.com/maryashakil/status/1243223794526740480] Rajneesh is walking 247Km on foot from Delhi to Bareilly. Poverty will kill us before the virus he says. [https//twitter.com/BDUTT/status/1243203008202256385] A family begins the long walk to Kodangal 130 km from Hyderabad. We are carrying cooked food says the man. [https//twitter.com/serish/status/1243202601295835138] The Delhi NCR region is witnessing an exodus of dailywage earners whose livelihoods have screeched to a halt because of COVID19. Siddhartha Varadarajan speaks to a group that plans to walk to Allahabad. They have no faith in the stimulus package announced by Nirmala Sitharaman [https//twitter.com/thewirein/status/1243189290328141825] Migrant families with children old age members walking hundreds of kilometres to reach their villages saying Yahan bhookhe marne se achha hai hum paidal hi nikal jaaye [https//twitter.com/PoojaTripathii/status/1243183122599923712] People rush to sit in line for food. The Yamuna bank near ISBT Delhi usually has 4k homeless men who work as rickshaw pullers loaders coolies and wedding party labour. Without work or shelter the numbers have risen to 10k. The lockdown has destroyed their dignity abandoning them to battle hunger. Heartbreaking to see the desperation in those who find themselves stranded by the sudden lockdown that comes with no thought for the poor and homeless people of India.[https//twitter.com/karwanemohabbat/status/1243179490282373120] A rickshaw puller out of work is pedaling his way back from Delhi to Bihar. [https//twitter.com/SreenivasanJain/status/1243043600524443648] Migrant labourers from West Bengal stuck in Vishwas Nagar Ghazipur Manesar Greater Noida and other areas have run out of food and are afraid to step out from fear of police. Here they appeal for help to get back home. Helpline numbers have not worked they said.[https//twitter.com/SidRavii/status/1243118154546479105] This family is walking 220 kilometers home to Kanpur right now[https//twitter.com/ghaywan/status/1243087268643876866] 16 year old walking to Badaun in UP from Delhi that is 285km. He worked in a chole bhature stand. Hasnt eaten since yesterday. There are others who are walking home to Aligarh because no food or water in Delhi at least back in village neighbours will help [https//twitter.com/smitaprakash/status/1243057922306797569] THOUSANDS have collected at shelter homes where Delhi govt has directed cooked food be provided. Overcrowded overwhelmed shelters dont have adequate ration amp infrastructure. Govt needs to ensure cooked food distribution at all anganwadis amp govt schools also [https//twitter.com/AnjaliB/status/1242777027763003393] In UP. A cobbler who didnt want to give his name said he had been polishing peoples shoes at the railway station in Allahabad for years but nobody is showing up now. He said he doesnt even know why people have stopped travelling. [https//twitter.com/anumayhem/status/1242709116277018629] https//twitter.com/mukeshmukeshs/status/1242395346849783809 https//twitter.com/ravishranjanshu/status/1242819535553486848 https//twitter.com/anumayhem/status/1242814770996117504 https//twitter.com/ranjimaIn/status/1242797299484389377 This mass exodus of migrant workers is what happens when a government is myopic to the point of blindness. A proper plan could and would have prevented this. A proper stimulus package planned in advance and not one quickly put together in reaction to this should have been there. This mass exodus has many many many problems surrounding it. For one can you imagine people turning into nomads overnight when food and water thats usually available everywhere is missing thanks to a lockdown Can you imagine how these men women and children are supposed to walk hundreds of kilometers in absence of public transport Its beyond cruel what the Centre has compelled these already oppressed groups of people to do right now. These migrant workers will also many already are face the brutality of lathihappy cops. With state borders locked they will essentially remain nomads unless proper arrangements are made for them. And worst of all these migrant workers who dont have the luxury to wash hands for twenty seconds with soaps cant afford soaps cant afford to waste what little water they have how are they supposed to remain safe from the pandemic Its also equally likely that they make take the coronavirus along with them to their villages. And lets not forget that rural public healthcare is already in shambles. Those rushing to fellate the prime minister for his brave and strong step do not fucking understand how this lockdown has already disrupted the lives of hundreds of thousands of people. [source]https//twitter.com/BucketheadCase/status/1243227045783425024 News Articles [Coronavirus lockdown With no food or hope truckers stranded across India]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/currentaffairs/coronaviruslockdownwithnofoodorhopetruckersstrandedacrossindia1200324017291.html [Hard to Plan Survival Migrants Contract Workers on Looming Uncertainty Amidst Lockdown]https//thewire.in/labour/migrantcontractworkerscoronaviruslockdown [For many Indians biggest concern isnt coronavirus its hunger]https//www.latimes.com/worldnation/story/20200326/formanyindiansthecoronavirusisnttheirbiggestconcernhungeris [Migrant workers head home in coronavirus lockdown exposed and vulnerable]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/coronaviruslockdownheadedhomeasmigrantshavenoroomtoisolate1200325016781.html [After the Lockdown Fear and Chaos in India]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/25/opinion/indiacoronaviruslockdown.html [Coronavirus Why has Modi done this Rajasthan workers walk back home from Gujarat]https//scroll.in/article/957245/coronavirusafterlockdownmigrantworkerstakealongwalkhomefromgujarattorajasthan [Food money running out Delhis daily wagers start heading to villages on foot]https//indianexpress.com/article/coronavirus/coronavirusindialockdownfoodmoneyrunningoutdelhidailywagelabourersreturnvillagesfoot6331644/ [36 Hours 80 Km Long Walk Home For Labourers Amid Coronavirus Lockdown]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/36hours80kmlongwalkhomeforlabourersamidcoronaviruslockdown2200450 [We are deserted Migrant workers forced to walk hundreds of kilometres due to lockdown]https//caravanmagazine.in/news/wearedesertedmigrantworkersforcedtowalkhundredsofkilometresduetolockdown [Delhis Eidgah relief camp cleared out riothit victims hunt for another shelter]https//indianexpress.com/article/coronavirus/coronavirusdelhiseidgahreliefcampclearedoutriothitvictimshuntforanothershelter6329782/lite/twitterimpressiontrue This thread is to document this tragedy. Please post any more videos images or news articles in the comments. I will update the thread.. 1 in 50 coronavirus tests in India are positive compared to Italys 1 in 4. Living under lockdown for 2 weeks in USA. List of apps to help survive the lockdown and social distancing: Hope you all are staying indoors. The internet feels like a big sleepover ATM. Were relying on social media to actually be social for us as inperson communication has been cut off. Heres a list of apps to survive this phase. If you guys are interested will update this post with more. Mods there are few India specific apps like HealthifyMe QTalk. I hope this post is relevant and harmless. Also can make this a mega thread if people are interested in contibuting. Physical amp Mental Health This is the most crucial factor. Eat healthy keep your immunity up and workout a bit. [HealthifyMe]http//healthifyme.com/ \ During this period you can keep a check on your diet plan boost immunity. They have live workout sessions on the app as well. [Wysa]https//www.wysa.io/ \ AIbased emotionally intelligent bot a virtual coach which uses evidencebased cognitivebehavioural techniques CBT DBT meditation breathing yoga and a whole lot more. [Headspace]https//www.headspace.com/ \ Staying in is not everyones cup of tea. To relax try guided meditation. This will help you stay motivated and mindful. Recipes If youve been paranoid about ordering food from Swiggy Zomato like me and have been considering cooking may I suggest [Recipe Book]https//recipebook.io/ \ As the name suggests a ton of recipes Easy to follow and a pretty welldone app. Communication This is a good time to keep in touch with friends and family. Dont forget to drop in a call to checkin and see how theyre doing or if you just want to gossip. Not mentioning WhatsApp Duo as many are aware of it. [QTalk]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.qtalk.app \ If you have been calling your friends and get bored beyond a point you can use QTalk to do regular phone calls cobrowse videos play games with your callers browse websites with them directly from a call. [Discord]https//discordapp.com/ \ Lets you chat in larger groups. A lot of Redditors already know about it. Sharing it since a lot of my friends were unaware. Learn to play an instrument Now is also a good time to finally pick up that instrument and learn how to play it if you have one. [Fender Play]https//www.fender.com/play \ Fender Play has a two week trial for guitar bass and ukulele. There is a stepbystep guide for beginners right from chords to strumming and understanding scales. Will be adding more categories if we see enough upvotes here. Have an app youd like to suggest Please comment and share . Need insulin infusion kits urgently cant seem to get them: Hello My mom is brittle diabetic and she uses the insulin infusion kits. Amidst lockdown were not allowed to move around in Hyderabad even when asserted that its extremely a medical emergency. No one seems to believe and in this scenario cant really blame them. Is there a chance to get a pass or anything like that We really need them and were running out of time.. Mahindra Makes Ventilator Design to Fight Coronavirus in 48 Hours to Cost Less Than Rs 7500. Entrepreneurs helping india financially in this pandemic of coronavirus.. Its Dangerous to Be Taken in by Propaganda in the Time of Corona. Bhilwaras Tale of Negligence Infected Docs Latest COVID19 Case Hint at Possible Community Spread. Making your own Homemade hand sanitizer: Making your own hand sanitizer is easy to do and only requires a few ingredients [Read More]https//bestoilsindia.in/blog/howtomakehandsanitizerusingessentialoilsathome/. Its her choice to ask I guess. Trending Safety Advice For Corona virus in India Time to be a hero in.... People be like.. Covid19 lockdown Bihar Police arrest three officials for shooting at van driver asking for bribe. Millenials these days.. I hope they sanitise it after this process.. Corona has even become a racist slur. Heres what people from the Northeast have to endure during the pandemic.. States measures to fight coronavirus are stripping the poor of dignity and hope. Police attack towards Kondotty municipal council chairman. COVID19 India Fights Corona Pandemic A nurse who is working in a reputed hospital in Bangalore and who is from northeast India writes.:  Its 720 pm and I am standing in front of a shop casually buying some sweets to keep me going through my 14 hrs night shift. The little kid whos standing next to me in the shop sees me and runs screaming corona virus. Kids are not born racist. Kids are taught to be racist through media by the people close to them. If only I could explain to this little kid that I am getting ready to handle a positive tested corona case who doesnt look anything like me. Yes I am from northeast India saving lives in south India. No I dont want to blame the kid. Racism hurts coming from adults and now even kids. Racism is a disease. This little kid will never know I will be inside an isolation room with a positive tested corona case for 14 hrs breathing the same air helping the patient sit walk and urinate. I will be fully covered in my Personal Protective Equipment PPE suit from head to toe. For 14 hours I will not be able to eat or drink a single drop of water or urinate or open the isolation rooms door. If people ask why I am not able to eat drink or urinate while caring for pandemic patients its because I will have to reshower rewear the entire PPE suit. Also I cant leave my sick patient alone in the isolated room for a second. Patient is my priority. This message is not about blaming a kid but a message about not being racist. Yes I have small eyes but does that make your thoughts even smaller I am saving your lives risking mine and youre busy giving me names and calling me virus. You say I dont look Indian enough. Despite all the pressure I am willing to work to save lives. Yes thats why I am a NURSE. On behalf of all the nurse I want to tell people to be nicer to nurses. When nobody goes near pandemic patients its the nurse who does everything for them but we never get even a simple thank you. I am also posting this on behalf of all northeast Indian or every Asian looking Indian brothers and sisters. We face discrimination on a day to day basis in other parts of India. I am NOT posting this from China or any north east Indian state. I am a nurse working and saving lives in Bangalore. I am always there for you my dear patients. I will choose to care for you even if you choose to hate me. Writersnamewithheld. 7 Victoria Hospital nurses evicted from PG accommodation in Bengaluru. Coronavirus Lockdown in India Ramayana telecast time where and when to watch live. A rare example of Police doing their job. Other state polices should be made to watch this.. Got this from Facebook.. Loophole Lockdown: [removed]. Doctors evicted from their homes in India as fear spreads amid coronavirus lockdown. Interesting ways to boost your Immunity. Amaze to see how this ways are effective during this pandemic. Hydroxychloroquine now a schedule H1 drug can be sold on prescription only. WFH: [removed]. Coronavirus infected 25yearold mingled with 1000 guests at wedding in Dombivli. Think About Italy and Support Over Government Please.... Think About..... Hyderabads Rs 5 meal centres to offer free dinner. An amateur take on the 1.7 Lakh Crore relief announced by the Government Could be inaccurate: So heres the lowdown of the package which has been announced by Finance Min. Please note it is an amateurish take on the economics. If you see mistakes/half truths please do educate me. Insurance cover of Rs 50 Lakh per health worker fighting COVID19 to be provided under Insurance Scheme Excellent move. Theses are the people who are fighting on the front lines. Is the state paying the insurance premium Or is this just to inflate the total amount of relief package. 80 crore poor people will to get 5 kg wheat or rice and 1 kg of preferred pulses for free every month for the next three months Excellent move. Food security is an issue. But those without ration cards including migrant workers could be affected. The government had earlier tried to bring in One nation One Ration Card. This scheme would have tremendously helped. And also free LPG. Good move imo. 20 crore women Jan Dhan account holders to get Rs 500 per month for next three months Good move. Though amount could have been higher and it couldve covered more groups of people. i.e make it more inclusive. Increase in MNREGA wage to Rs 202 a day from Rs 182 to benefit 13.62 crore families Who is working during a lockdown Is it payable on arrears An exgratia of Rs 1000 to 3 crore poor senior citizen poor widows and poor disabled Peanuts for the individual familes. Government to frontload Rs 2000 paid to farmers in first week of April under existing PM Kisan Yojana to benefit 8.7 crore farmers Existing scheme has been repackaged to seem like a relief effort. Could have at least released more money. Central Government has given orders to State Governments to use Building and Construction Workers Welfare Fund to provide relief to Construction Workers No expenditure from the Central Government per se. This amount is 0.75 of our GDP. [The Hindu Article]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/coronavirusoutbreakmixedresponsetocentresreliefpackage/article31176475.ece A welcome first step but too less. Hopefully they would bring in more schemes in the near future. [Livemint Opinion.]https//www.livemint.com/opinion/onlineviews/inthefightagainstcoronasitharamanstartsrightbutneedstodomore11585230150079.html [Indian Express Explained.]https//indianexpress.com/article/explained/coronavirusindialockdownunpackingthegaribkalyanpackage6333494/. Indian doctors of Reddit how bad is the situation after the lockdown When will the situation stabilise Is it true that a new wave of infected people is gonna occur: [removed]. Meanwhile Punjab police handling the loiters. Stay Aware Stay Safe: [removed]. COVID19 With More Than 83000 Cases US Outnumbers Italy amp China. Coronavirus challenge on TikTok Video maker infected after licking public toilet seat. India announces 22.5 billion stimulus package to help those affected by the lockdown. COVID19 Tests performed per million people 20 March 2020. COVID19 Test performed per million people 20 March 2020. Flipkart/bigbasket stop again: Hello logged in this morning but flipkart stopped again after resuming services yesterday. tf. Also bigbasket. [https//imgur.com/a/5zzlg7Y]https//imgur.com/a/5zzlg7Y. Supermarket Forced to Throw Out Rs 26 Lakh Worth of Food After Woman Coughed on Them as Prank. Essential services will be available they said. COVID19 India Statistics so far. Modified protection equipment for medical professionals.. China made Italy as admin . Kerala IAS officer booked for jumping coronavirus quarantine india news. Join us India to fight COVID: [removed]. Indian govt helped a lot Israel praises India for evacuations india news. Coronavirus cases in India 7 more deaths take toll to 20 cases cross 700 in India. India Lockdown. Journos attacked by police during lockdown in Andhra stage protest. Anyone else getting Be Safe on their network indicator. Anyone else getting Be Safe on their network indicator. A deserted East Express Highway in Mumbai. Mamata writes letter to 18 CMs: [removed]. Ghar pe rahana bhosdi walo. Am I right: [removed]. Mumbais homeless to get free ration. Home Quarantine Day 3. This was forwarded to me. Is this really how sanitary masks are made. Police repeatedly hitting a man in AP he hardly even blinks. Same policeman thrashes women older man.. The Indian Corona crisis: [removed]. Top 12 Best freelance websites to Make Money 2020. Street dogs must be suffering because of the situation they dont get coronavirus yet no one would be feeding them these days: [removed]. [Mask shortage tip] You can sanitize and reuse your N95 masks using steam. Stanford research document link in description.: What I found Safest way to sanitize your mask to pass steam through your mask for 10 minutes. [link to Stanford study]https//stanfordmedicine.box.com/v/covid19PPE11 [Stanford Covid19 evidence service]https//aim.stanford.edu/covid19evidenceservice/. Essential pass for essential services. Requesting all shops providing essential services amp commodities to reach out to their local police station for these passes to ensure hasslefree commute amp sale MumbaiPolice GREAT STEP. A constructive lockdown should empower people to fight back together not treat them like sheep Jean Dreze. RSS gets ready to fight coronavirus with awareness campaign masks soaps amp food packets. Lockdown Stories.. How to make sense of Indias COVID 19 lockdown. Wildlife taking over Chandigarh. People need to calm down. Stay inside or you get the rod: [deleted]. Corona stats. Corona stats: [deleted]. Corona stats: [deleted]. Stay Home Coronavirus Shows How the Government Has Failed Homeless Persons. Why do police not hire women who spread Coronavirus They are killing people: [removed]. Coronavirus After Germans Israelis evacuated from India envoy thanks govt. Delhi Cop Tips Over Vegetable Carts Amid Lockdown In Video Suspended. Durga needs extra time for sanitizing. I got a message asking to download an App for COVID19... Is this a scam: So I came back to India in the first week of March. At that point the country I came from had no positive cases and all they did at the airport was check my temperature. There were no instructions to self isolate from the authorities not that I went out after coming home anyway. Since then it has been three weeks and I havent had any symptoms whatsoever. I got a call from ICMR a couple of days ago asking about my health. And today I got a message to download an app and update my symptoms. The thing is the officials never said anything about an app on the call and my phone is telling me not to download an unsafe .apk. I looked it up and the app isnt even on the play store or app store. Should I download it and risk it Do you think its a scam Also why are they contacting me now after the incubation period inspite of me showing no symptoms.. Coronavirus Icelands mass testing finds half of carriers show no symptoms. Can I buy masks from Alibaba.com and send them to my parents in India: Im in US right now my parents are doctors in a hospital in Kanpur and theyre running short on N95 masks. Im happy to purchase from Alibaba but I heard rumors that they might not be able to pass Indian customs or might not be delivered given the 21 day lockdown. Can anyone offer insights Thanks in advance. when u know bhai is quarantined so you and footpaths are safe.. Social distancing while buying vegatables Vijayawada Andhra Pradesh.. Lockdown for 21 Days If You Cant Walk Outside. According to my calculations there is an alcohol store above us. They will never learn: [deleted]. Corona virus Helpline numbers availability: Has anyone tried calling on their respective state/territory helpline numbers I live in Delhi and I tried almost all the helpline numbers 1. India helpline 911123978046 2. Toll free 1075 3. Delhi helpline 01122307145 None of them are ever available and are always either busy or disconnected. Am i missing any other numbers or is it really that poorly setup. Selling VPN to watch porn price 1 upvote: [removed]. Kangra coronavirus patient faces 2year jail for hiding travel history. Shutdown alone is not enough to break the chain says epidemiologist Giridhara Babu. Im impressed by the measures taken by Biju Janta dal for poor people in Odisha.:  Theyll provide all the BPL households with 140 kg rice for 1/kg thats four months worth of rice in advance. In Each ward the ward members will deliver the rice bags directly to their houses. Theyre also giving extra 4000 cash to BPL/Old/disabled people its an extra package under Madhu babu pension scheme that provides monthly pension to BPL/old/disabled people. aviakki1 More ever BJD MLAs donated atleast month of salary to relief fund with CM donating 3 months of his salary. Biju janta dal BJD theres a D. OC Quarantine Music Video on Coronavirus: [removed]. Since this was on IndiaTV news today I thought I would put it here. This video by no means implies that COVID19 is biochemical weapon as in this series. But the level of accuracy and detail is interesting.. COVID19 and the great Chinese puzzle. Police departments might use phone location to enforce coronavirus quarantine. CONTAGION Full Movie HD. India on Lockdown State Wise Update Thread: [Union Ministry of Home Affairs guidelines for 21day lockdown amp Essential services that will remain operational.]https//twitter.com/PBNSIndia/status/1242479432738037761 ampx200B [Offenses and Penalties under the Disaster Management Act 2005 that would be applicable under the current lockdown in the country Issued by Ministry of Home Affairs]https//twitter.com/PIBHomeAffairs/status/1242480724428521472 ampx200B Central States amp Union Territories Helpline numbers gtToll free 911123978046 gt gt[States amp UT]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdf \[Download amp forward\] gt gtTo get any information on coronavirus Send Namaste to 9013151515 on WhatsApp ampx200B COVID19 cases in India [World COVID19 Data Live]https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/countries [Statewise data by the Ministry of Health amp Family Welfare]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ ampx200B Total number of cases in India716 Deaths14 Recovered45 ampx200B Central Government amp National updates DATEUpdate 26032020[Congress directs its state units to ensure the availability of food amp medicines for the people during the lockdown period.]https//twitter.com/timesofindia/status/1243202771290976257 [G20 Pledges 5 Trillion To Revive Global Economy PM Calls For WHO Reform]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/g20toinject5trilliontoreviveglobaleconomyaftercoronaviruscrisispmmodicallsforconcret2201309 [Banks ATMs To Remain Open Nirmala Sitharaman Denies Report Lenders Plan To Shut Most Branches]https//www.ndtv.com/business/banksatmstoremainopennirmalasitharamandeniesreportlendersplantoshutmostbranches2200981 [AIIMS Sets Up Task Force To Develop Management Protocol For COVID19]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusaiimssetsuptaskforcetodevelopmanagementprotocolforcovid192201210 [EComm Platforms Temporarily Stop Orders for NonEssential Items]https//www.thequint.com/news/india/ecommplatformstemporarilystopordersfornonessentialitemsduetocoronavirus [Heres Why Online Grocers Still Cant Deliver Despite Clearance]https//www.thequint.com/techandauto/technews/onlinegroceryorderdelaysdespitegettingclearance [Indian Army issues fresh instructions reiterating enhanced measures to fight]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243101217531637765/photo/1 [The government of India allows doorstep delivery of medicines/drugs to people in view of the COVID19 pandemic. Notification to be published soon in the Gazette of India.]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243121407560540161 [Indian Air Force IAF has created 9 quarantine facilities of 200300 personnel capacity each]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243129309671256064 [DRDO scientists are working on the development of many products to tackle COVID19.]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243145628806332416 [International commercial passenger services shall remain closed till 1830 hrs GMT of April 14 2020]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243166810595151872 [Nirmala Sitharaman Live Rs 1.7 lakh cr economic relief package to give cash free food to survive coronavirus]https//www.financialexpress.com/economy/financeministernirmalasitharamanliveeconomicreliefpackagecoronavirusslowdownsubsidycashtransferdailyneeds/1909878/ 25032020[COVID19 PM Modi announces 15000 Cr package to strengthen healthcare]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/covid19pmmodiannounces15000crpackagetostrengthenhealthcare/videoshow/74802114.cms IMPORTANT Any Statewise update older than 4872 hours will be removed to avoid maximum world limit. Andhra Pradesh DATEUpdate 25032020[Andhra Pradesh reports 8th positive test]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronavirusindiaandhrapradeshreportspositivecovid19case165933620200325 BIHAR DATEUpdate 26032020[One more COVID19 case in the state The total number of positive cases in the state rises to 7]https//twitter.com/timesofindia/status/1243187587214225413 25032020[PATNA the fourth confirmed case in Bihar]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/onemoretestspositiveforcoronavirusinbihar/articleshow/74806007.cms CHATTISGARH DATEUpdate 26032020[Three new coronavirus cases in Chhattisgarh state tally reaches six]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/threenewcoronaviruscasesinchhattisgarhstatetallyreachessix/articleshow/74824244.cms DELHI DATEUpdate 26032020[Delhi Metro Extends Closure Of Services From March 31 To April 14]https//www.ndtv.com/delhinews/coronavirusdelhimetroextendsclosureofservicesfrommarch31toapril142201221 [The Delhi government has decided to open more than 400 of its mohalla clinics]https//twitter.com/AamAadmiParty/status/1243160768012566533 Gujrat DATEUpdate 26032020[38 coronavirus cases in Gujarat over 1 cr tracked under surveillance programme]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/3newcovid19casesingujarattotalrisesto38/articleshow/74804864.cms Haryana DATEUpdate 26032020[Total number of positive cases of Coronavirus in the state now stands at 18]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243109904514080768 [We are committed to fighting coronavirus Haryana CM ML Khattar]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243113237979131905 Himachal Pradesh DATEUpdate 26032020[Curfew relaxed for six hours every day government gives big relief]https//www.amarujala.com/shimla/coronaviruscurfewrelaxedforsixhoursinhimachalgovtgivesbigrelief Karnataka DATEUpdate 26032020[SSLC new dates to be announced only after April 20]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/karnataka/sslcnewdatestobeannouncedonlyafterapril20/article31173800.ece [70yearold woman dies in Karnataka 2nd COVID19 death in state.]https//twitter.com/ndtv/status/1243162628714725379 [Bowring and Lady Curzon Medical College and Research Institute in Bengaluru to be made COVID19 hospital.]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243110812857675781 Kerala DATEUpdate 26032020[Over one lakh people under observation political leader tests positive in Idukki]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/thiruvananthapuram/coronavirusinkeralaoveronelakhpeopleunderobservationpoliticalleadertestspositiveinidukki/articleshow/74832919.cms 25032020[Nine more test positive for coronavirus in Kerala number rises to 112]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/ninemoretestpositiveforcoronavirusinkeralanumberrisesto112165971220200325 Madhya Pradesh DATEUpdate 26032020[35yearold Madhya Pradesh man who died tests positive for coronavirus]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/madhyapradeshsecondcoronavirusdeathmanindorecovid19166004020200326 25032020[5 people with no foreign travel history test positive in Indore total cases at 14]https//www.livemint.com/news/india/coronavirus5peoplewithnoforeigntravelhistorytestpositiveinindore11585116782860.html Maharashtra DATEUpdate 26032020[Nagpurs first COVID19 patient discharged from IGMC]https//twitter.com/timesofindia/status/1243174962652803074 [The Maharashtra police has registered around 3000 offences]https//twitter.com/timesofindia/status/1243175782710571008 [A 42yearold man in Nagpur tests positive for Coronavirus]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243111297320812544 [There would be no restriction on the timings of essential service shops]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243164764563329025 Manipur DATEUpdate 26032020[Under lockdown Manipur running out of essential commodities]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/otherstates/coronavirusunderlockdownmanipurrunningoutofessentialcommodities/article31169534.ece [Northeast on maximum alert after first positive coronavirus case in Manipur]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/northeastonmaximumalertafterfirstpositivecoronaviruscaseinmanipur/articleshow/74803164.cms Mizoram DATEUpdate 26032020[Mizoram announces free ration to low income families]https//nenow.in/northeastnews/mizoram/mizoramannouncesfreerationtolowincomefamilies.html 25032020[After Manipur woman Mizoram man tests positive for coronavirus]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/aftermanipurwomanmizorammantestspositiveforcoronavirus/articleshow/74808689.cms Mumbai DATEUpdate 26032020[Mumbai Cops Opened 2 Container Trucks Found Over 300 Migrant Workers]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusindialockdown300rajasthanworkersfoundtravellingintruckcontainersfromtelangana2201303 I[n Kurla residents have pooled in funds to help daily wage workers who are unable to go home due to the lockdown.]https//www.thequint.com/myreport/mumbailocalshelpthoseinneedcoronaviruslockdown Odisha DATEUpdate 26032020[Odisha to set up 2 large COVID19 hospitals with 1000 beds]https//www.aninews.in/news/national/generalnews/odishatosetup2largecovid19hospitalswith1000beds20200326162306/ Puducherry DATEUpdate 25032020[Puducherry CM Relief Fund \[Donate\]]https//twitter.com/CMPuducherry/status/1242822643168030720 [Voluntary organisations step in to provide food during Puducherry lockdown]https//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/puducherry/covid19voluntaryorganisationsstepintoprovidefoodduringpuducherrylockdown/article31151381.ece Punjab DATEUpdate 26032020[The total number of cases in Punjab rise to 33]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243162126929149952 Rajasthan DATEUpdate 26032020[73yearold coronavirus positive man dies in Rajasthans Bhilwara]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/73yearoldcoronapositivemandiesinbhilwaraofficial/articleshow/74828455.cms [18 coronavirus patients including 15 doctors]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/rajasthan18coronaviruspatientsincluding15doctorsbhilwaracontinuesbattlecovid19166006420200326 Tamil Nadu DATEUpdate 26032020[17 community kitchens to be opened]https//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Tiruchirapalli/17communitykitchenstobeopened/article31174386.ece [Eight more tests positive for Covid19 in Tamil Nadu total cases up to 26]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chennai/eightmoretestpositiveforcovid19intamilnadutotalcasesupto26/articleshow/74820286.cms 25032020[Covid19 patient dies in Tamil Nadu countrys toll rises to 11]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronavirusindiacovid19patientdiestamilnadutollrises11165934920200325 Telangana DATEUpdate 26032020[MEIL has announced a donation of Rs 5 Crore to CMs Relief Fund.]https//twitter.com/TelanganaCMO/status/1243189147281412102 [Toll reaches 41]https//www.businesstoday.in/current/economypolitics/coronaviruscasesintelanganareach41/story/399256.html Chandigarh DATEUpdate 26032020[With nothing to eat hunger more dangerous than coronavirus]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronachandigarhlockdowncurfewhungerrationpolicebrutality166003220200326 25032020[Chandigarh labourers travel hundreds of kilometres on cycle carts to reach their homes in UP]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronaviruschandigarhlabourerstravelhundredsofkilometresoncyclecartstoreachtheirhomesinup165958920200325 23032020[21yearold man in Chandigarh tests positive for coronavirus total cases rise to 7]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/chandigarh21yearoldmantestspositiveforcoronavirustotalcasesriseto7/articleshow/74770865.cms Jammu amp Kashmir DATEUpdate 26032020[2G mobile internet services on postpaid amp verified prepaid sim cards extended in the Union Territory till April 3rd 2020 Jammu amp Kashmir Government ANI]https//twitter.com/timesofindia/status/1243188695747813383 [Two more COVID19 cases in Srinagar.]https//twitter.com/ndtv/status/1243155738807005187 [A total of 13 people have been tested positive till now in the state. 5482 people in contact with possibly infected/positive cases have till now been put under surveillance]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243152512481288194 Ladakh DATEUpdate 24032020[Two coronavirus patients cured in Ladakh cases in UT stand at 11]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/twocoronaviruspatientscuredinladakhcasesinutstandat11/articleshow/74791129.cms Uttar Pradesh DATEUpdate 26032020[A total of 41 coronavirus cases have been reported in Uttar Pradesh. Out of which 11 people have been cured/discharged. Eight labs are working to test patients samples in the state]https//twitter.com/ANINewsUP/status/1243128949959360513 [Chief Minister has given permission to start community kitchens. 1 lakh food packets amp7 lakh litre of milk has been distributed till now]https//twitter.com/ANINewsUP/status/1243129448498475009 Uttrakhand DATEUpdate 26032020[Uttarakhand Government has started helpline call and message numbers for people of Uttarakhand who are stranded in other states Landline number 0135 2722100 Whatsapp number 9997954800.]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243107752714440705 West Bengal DATEUpdate 26032020[453 people arrested for deliberately violating Coronaviruslockdown Kolkata Police ANI]https//twitter.com/timesofindia/status/1243175243549532161 [West Bengal government to run bus service for healthcare staff and people on emergency duty. No more than 20 passengers to be allowed per bus.]https//twitter.com/ndtv/status/1243152887774990336 [Bengal Sees 30 Spike In LPG Cylinder Demand Due To PanicBuying]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusbengalsees30spikeinlpgcylinderdemandduetopanicbuying2201229 ampx200B If you want to report/volunteer to maintain this thread then use DM It s not possible for me to read every comment.. Baba Save Earth and Living Beings AskIndia. What China did wrong with Coronavirus amp what it didnt. Lets Think Positive Nature is repairing and taking advantage of Coronavirus pandemic. Coronavirus Timeline. Even in times like these some idiots are endangering their own lives the lives of their loved ones and the whole community. All of them have strong educational background. Makes me sad.. My moms group is doing shundarkand on whatsapp due to corona virus: [removed]. Police punishing loiterers outside my building in Pune. They made them do 25 of those.. This level of mismanagement is very unfortunate. The entire supply chain logistics for essential items needs to be protected and clear instructions given to the enforcers.. Mumbai Cops Opened 2 Container Trucks Found Over 300 Migrant Workers. Covid19 Why India Needs to Test 23 Lakh People in a Day The Quint. GROUND ZERO REPORT Delhi lockdown First day INDIAS18 India figh.... OYO helping out in US but not in India. Police thrash people outside mosque for violating lockdown.. Dealing with grief and fear in the time of Coronavirus.  20 misbehaved with government hospital doctors. coronavirus impact How MCI can save the country Tough Covid19 battle can only be won by our young doctors and nurses. Amidst Coronavirus Lockdown India Becomes Socialist for 3 Months: [deleted]. FM Nirmla Sitharaman announce economic package INDIAS18 Relief fu.... Amitabh Bachchan on the Coronavirus Silence Has Never Been More Golden. Kejriwal Govt. announce epasses for essential services.. Times Group sends ThePrint legal notice for report saying Covid19 transmission via paper is possible but unlikely. Even the doggos are taking social distancing seriously. Covid19. Punjab sends 20 trains of wheat and rice to other states to help during Covid19 lockdown The Food Department is also working round the clock to ensure supply of essential commodities to its people and on the directions. Quarantine Battle Against Covid 19 Music Video on Coronavirus. Worlds Largest Lockdown Worlds Largest Thread: \This thread is a continuous work in progress\ If you want to report/volunteer to maintain this thread then use DM It s not possible for me to read every comment. This thread has been divided into the following sections Prime Ministers appeal Guidelines amp List of Essential services Actions against Violators COVID19 cases in India Central States amp Union Territories Helpline numbers Daily Updates Central amp Statewise Breaking News Coming soon 1. International press on Indias 21days lockdown 2. Message from the Mods 1. PRIME MINISTERS APPEAL gtIf we dont handle these 21 days well then our country your family will go backward by 21 years he said asserting that the tough measure is necessary for a decisive battle against the coronavirus outbreak. One step outside can make way for coronavirus into your house. gt gtAddressing fears that there could be a shortage of essential commodities and medicines the prime minister said there is no need to panic. Centre and states will work together to ensure the availability of essential commodities medicines... gt gtModi also urged people not to indulge in panic buying saying that by converging around shops they are risking the spread of Covid19. The remarks come against the backdrop of people rushing to provision shops to make mass purchases. 2. Guidelines amp List of Essential services [Union Ministry of Home Affairs guidelines for 21day lockdown. Here are the Essential services that will remain operational.]https//twitter.com/PBNSIndia/status/1242479432738037761 3. Action against Violators Offenses and Penalties under the Disaster Management Act 2005 that would be applicable under the current lockdown in the country. [Issued by Ministry of Home Affairs]https//twitter.com/PIBHomeAffairs/status/1242480724428521472 COVID19 cases in India [World COVID19 Data Live]https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/countries [Statewise data by the Ministry of Health amp Family Welfare]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ ampx200B Total number of cases in India716 Deaths14 Recovered45 \Hourly updates Central States amp Union Territories Helpline numbers 1. Toll free 911123978046 2. [States amp UT]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdf \[Download amp forward\] Central Government amp National updates DATEUpdateSource 26032020 Banks ATMs To Remain Open Nirmala Sitharaman Denies Report Lenders Plan To Shut Most Branches[https//www.ndtv.com/business/banksatmstoremainopennirmalasitharamandeniesreportlendersplantoshutmostbranches2200981]https//www.ndtv.com/business/banksatmstoremainopennirmalasitharamandeniesreportlendersplantoshutmostbranches2200981 26032020 AIIMS Sets Up Task Force To Develop Management Protocol For COVID19 [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusaiimssetsuptaskforcetodevelopmanagementprotocolforcovid192201210]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusaiimssetsuptaskforcetodevelopmanagementprotocolforcovid192201210 26032020 EComm Platforms Temporarily Stop Orders for NonEssential Items[https//www.thequint.com/news/india/ecommplatformstemporarilystopordersfornonessentialitemsduetocoronavirus]https//www.thequint.com/news/india/ecommplatformstemporarilystopordersfornonessentialitemsduetocoronavirus 26032020 Heres Why Online Grocers Still Cant Deliver Despite Clearance[https//www.thequint.com/techandauto/technews/onlinegroceryorderdelaysdespitegettingclearance]https//www.thequint.com/techandauto/technews/onlinegroceryorderdelaysdespitegettingclearance 26032020 Indian Army issues fresh instructions reiterating enhanced measures to fight [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243101217531637765/photo/1]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243101217531637765/photo/1 26032020 The government of India allows doorstep delivery of medicines/drugs to people in view of the [\COVID19]https//twitter.com/hashtag/COVID19srchashtagclick pandemic. Notification to be published soon in the Gazette of India.[https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243121407560540161]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243121407560540161 26032020 Indian Air Force IAF has created 9 quarantine facilities of 200300 personnel capacity each at nodal IAF bases across the country. Command Hospital Air Force Bangalore CHAFB has been designated as the 1st laboratory in the IAF to undertake [\COVID19]https//twitter.com/hashtag/COVID19srchashtagclick testing Indian Air Force [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243129309671256064]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243129309671256064 26032020 DRDO scientists are working on the development of many products to tackle [\COVID19]https//twitter.com/hashtag/COVID19srchashtagclick. Sanitizers developed by us have been distributed to many people. In the last 1520 days we have supplied more than 20000 sanitizer bottles to various agencies DRDO Chairman Dr G Satheesh Reddy[https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243145628806332416]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243145628806332416 26032020 It has been decided that scheduled international commercial passenger services shall remain closed till 1830 hrs GMT of April 14 2020. This will not apply to approved international allcargo operations amp flights Directorate General of Civil Aviation [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243166810595151872]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243166810595151872 26032020 Nirmala Sitharaman Live Rs 1.7 lakh cr economic relief package to give cash free food to survive coronavirus[https//www.financialexpress.com/economy/financeministernirmalasitharamanliveeconomicreliefpackagecoronavirusslowdownsubsidycashtransferdailyneeds/1909878/]https//www.financialexpress.com/economy/financeministernirmalasitharamanliveeconomicreliefpackagecoronavirusslowdownsubsidycashtransferdailyneeds/1909878/ 25032020 COVID19 PM Modi announces 15000 Cr package to strengthen healthcare[https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/covid19pmmodiannounces15000crpackagetostrengthenhealthcare/videoshow/74802114.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/covid19pmmodiannounces15000crpackagetostrengthenhealthcare/videoshow/74802114.cms ampx200B Andhra Pradesh DATEUpdateSource 25032020CM Shri.Yas.Jagan review on lockdown. The decision to decentralize farmers bazaars in cities and towns on a large scale. Decision to take action to sell vegetables in cities and towns. As well as marking social distance at each store.[https//twitter.com/AndhraPradeshCM/status/1242738539646738432]https//twitter.com/AndhraPradeshCM/status/1242738539646738432 25032020Andhra Pradesh reports 8th positive test A 25yearold man who returned from London on March 19 testing positive for the novel coronavirus in Andhra Pradesh.[https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronavirusindiaandhrapradeshreportspositivecovid19case165933620200325]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/coronavirusindiaandhrapradeshreportspositivecovid19case165933620200325 BIHAR DATEUpdateSource 25032020PATNA A 29yearold resident of Patna who had returned from Gujarat earlier this month has tested positive for coronavirus the fourth confirmed case in Bihar a health department official said on Wednesday. Of the four infected with the disease in the state one has died.[https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/onemoretestspositiveforcoronavirusinbihar/articleshow/74806007.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/onemoretestspositiveforcoronavirusinbihar/articleshow/74806007.cms CHATTISGARH DATEUpdateSource DELHI DATEUpdateSource 26032020 Delhi Metro Extends Closure Of Services From March 31 To April 14 [https//www.ndtv.com/delhinews/coronavirusdelhimetroextendsclosureofservicesfrommarch31toapril142201221]https//www.ndtv.com/delhinews/coronavirusdelhimetroextendsclosureofservicesfrommarch31toapril142201221 26032020 The Delhi government has decided to open more than 400 of its mohalla clinics so that the terminally ill people get treatment near home. [https//twitter.com/AamAadmiParty/status/1243160768012566533]https//twitter.com/AamAadmiParty/status/1243160768012566533 Gujrat DATEUpdateSource Haryana DATEUpdateSource 26032020 Total number of positive cases of Coronavirus in the state now stands at 18 2 cases in Faridabad 10Gurugram 1Palwal 3Panipat 1Panchkula and 1Sonepat Department of Health Haryana Government [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243109904514080768]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243109904514080768 26032020 We are committed to fighting coronavirus. I appeal to all to follow lockdown rules. A supply chain has been established for regular supply of essential commodities. In past 4 days 33000 people have registered as volunteers incl doctors nurses paramedics Haryana CM ML Khattar [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243113237979131905]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243113237979131905 Himachal Pradesh DATEUpdateSource Karnataka DATEUpdateSource 26032020 70yearold woman dies in Karnataka 2nd [\COVID]https//twitter.com/hashtag/COVIDsrchashtagclick\19 death in state. [https//twitter.com/ndtv/status/1243162628714725379]https//twitter.com/ndtv/status/1243162628714725379 26032020 Bowring and Lady Curzon Medical College and Research Institute in Bengaluru to be made COVID19 hospital. All OPDs Casualty in the hospital to be closed down and no patients except COVID19 to be admitted [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243110812857675781]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243110812857675781 Kerala DATEUpdateSource Madhya Pradesh DATEUpdateSource Maharashtra DATEUpdateSource 26032020 A 42yearold man in Nagpur tests positive for Coronavirus Dr VD Paturkar Civil Surgeon Nagpur Maharashtra [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243111297320812544]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243111297320812544 26032020 There would be no restriction on the timings of essential service shops. I assure that the food delivery boys will face no difficulty in carrying out their duties Anil Deshmukh Maharashtra Home Minister [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243164764563329025]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243164764563329025 Manipur DATEUpdateSource Mizoram DATEUpdateSource Mumbai DATEUpdateSource 26032020 Bombay HC extends interim orders until April 30 stays eviction demolition and dispossession orders[https//www.barandbench.com/news/litigation/coronaviruslockdownbombayhcextendsinterimordersuntilapril30staysevictiondemolitionanddispossessionordersreadorder]https//www.barandbench.com/news/litigation/coronaviruslockdownbombayhcextendsinterimordersuntilapril30staysevictiondemolitionanddispossessionordersreadorder 26032020 In Kurla residents have pooled in funds to help daily wage workers who are unable to go home due to the [\lockdown]https//twitter.com/hashtag/lockdownsrchashtagclick. [https//twitter.com/TheQuint/status/1243175194140672005]https//twitter.com/TheQuint/status/1243175194140672005 Odisha DATEUpdateSource 26032020Odisha to set up 2 large COVID19 hospitals with 1000 beds [https//www.aninews.in/news/national/generalnews/odishatosetup2largecovid19hospitalswith1000beds20200326162306/]https//www.aninews.in/news/national/generalnews/odishatosetup2largecovid19hospitalswith1000beds20200326162306/ Puducherry DATEUpdateSource Punjab DATEUpdateSource 26032020 The total number of cases in Punjab rise to 33 after 2 more people test positive for [\Coronavirus]https//twitter.com/hashtag/Coronavirussrchashtagclick. Of the two one person is from Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar and is a contact of another positive patient and the second case is from Jalandhar and the patient has a travel history[https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243162126929149952]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243162126929149952 Rajasthan DATEUpdateSource Tamil Nadu DATEUpdateSource Telangana DATEUpdateSource Chandigarh DATEUpdateSource Jammu amp Kashmir DATEUpdateSource 26032020 A total of 13 people have been tested positive till now in the state. 5482 people in contact with possibly infected/positive cases have till now been put under surveillance Jammu and Kashmir Govt [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243152512481288194]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243152512481288194 Ladakh DATEUpdateSource Uttar Pradesh DATEUpdateSource Uttrakhand DATEUpdateSource 26032020 Uttarakhand Government has started helpline call and message numbers for people of Uttarakhand who are stranded in other states Landline number 0135 2722100 Whatsapp number 9997954800. [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243107752714440705]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243107752714440705 West Bengal DATEUpdateSource 26032020 Bengal Sees 30 Spike In LPG Cylinder Demand Due To PanicBuying [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusbengalsees30spikeinlpgcylinderdemandduetopanicbuying2201229]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusbengalsees30spikeinlpgcylinderdemandduetopanicbuying2201229 26032020 West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee seen directing officials and vendors to practice social distancing in a market in Kolkata. [https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243148700458811393]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1243148700458811393 A Message from Mods amp OP Please dont be a victim of the fake news Always verify any news you see on the internet and Whatsapp before you share it with anyone else Fake news can create panic amongst the Citizens. Strict actions will be taken by the authorities as mentioned in 3.Action against Violators of this thread. Practice social distancing amp contact any of the mentioned helpline numbers. [Economic Times \[Live\]]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/coronaviruscasesinindialivenewslatestupdatesmarch25/liveblog/74801993.cms [Deccan Herald \[Live\]]https//www.deccanherald.com/national/coronavirusnewsliveupdatesaftertamilnadumpreportsfirstdeathpositivecasesinindiacross600799686.html [News 18 \[Live\]]https//www.news18.com/news/india/coronaviruspandemicindialiveupdatescovid19newscasesmanipurtamilnadumaharashtralockdown2549869.html [Times of India \[Live\]]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/coronavirusindialockdownnewsliveupdatestotalnumberofcovid19indiacases25march2020/liveblog/74801821.cms IF YOU WANT TO SUGGEST/REPORT SOMETHING THEN ONLY CONTACT ME VIA DM ITS NOT POSSIBLE FOR ME TO GO THROUGH ALL THE COMMENTS.. Rs 1.70 lakh crore relief package announced for the poor to help them fight against the novel coronavirus in India. Unpopular opinion The police are doing it right.: I am very much for citizens owning guns to thwart abuse of power by the government. But in this case I feel the actions of the police are justified because the people who are violating lockdown are putting others life in danger. The governments duty is to protect life and property and this is the least they could do to protect our lives from people who are wilfully putting it in danger.. Watch Lockdown alone will not extinguish COVID19 WHO lists steps to fight virus on YouTube. Coronavirus AIMIM MLA arrested in Malegaon for barging into hospital with supporters manhandling doctor and hospital staff Watch Video. AIMIM MLA barged into hospital with supporters manhandling doctor and hospital staff: [removed]. Centres Covid19 Package Plans. Drinking hot water avoiding cold foods prep for the virus: [removed]. I wrote my first blog on the class bias of our healthcare system and propoganda wave of our Government. Seeking criticism to improve.. Kolkata Woman Arrested For Spitting On Policeman Who Questioned Her For Flouting COVID2019 Guidelines. Its too scary.. DM Public Rush to Provide Food After Hungry Kids Seen Eating Grass in Modis Constituency Local administrative officials intervened with ration supplies after a photograph of the children went viral on social media in Varanasi. Ashamed UP Officer On Cops Punishing Men On Roads During Lockdown. Police thrash people for violating Coronaviruslockdown in Belgaum. The incident happened outside a Mosque when people were leaving after offering prayers. Karnataka. To all who are not able to find wipes and disinfectants Soap works so effectively because its chemistry pries open the coronavirus s exterior envelope and cause it to degrade. These soap molecules then trap tiny fragments of the virus which are washed away in water.. It is submitted that CRPF personnel have decided to make a humble contribution of one day salary to the Prime Ministers National Relief Fund. We are dutifully committed to stand firmly with our Nation in this challenging time of COVID19 spread Central Reserve Police Force. A woman licks a policeman to scare him with a coronavirus after he stops his car in Kolkata. I have proposed a strategy on how [coronavirus] can be tackled by the Indian and state government using Divide and Conquer by isolating and bordering small cities until virus has been removed. Im very confident in this strategy and i request you to share it with appropriate authorities: Respected Authorities Here is the strategy that i propose. Since the country is on 21 days lock down there will be many small cities which are still unaffected and Since traveling is prohibited these unaffected areas will remain unaffected Hopefully. Right now every small cities and states are isolated because of lock down. I propose a Divide And Conquer Type strategy. Lets say for example Thane city in Mumbai is unaffected. After 21 days of Lock down we will know based on rigorous testing focused only on thane citizen whether or not corona virus exists within thane city. Hopefully lets assume that none of the citizens of thane has been affected by corona virus. Our next step begins after day 21 of lockdown. That is Day 22 When we have strong confidence that citizens of thane are unaffected of corona virus we can remove the lockdown from only Thane city. Here it is important to be as divisible as possible. Since it is very hard to be sure that an entire state is not affected of virus we choose small cities instead. People of thane city can start working but no citizen can cross the thane city or enter the city from somewhere else even after the 21 day lockdown has been completed. Strict Border should be maintained. People will work from within city. Only government officials working towards removing corona virus should be allowed to enter and leave the city and that too by checking properly. This way we ensure that people of thane city do not get affected anymore and yet at the same time work towards helping other cities as well. By doing this we can ensure that people from this city can provide and produce groceries and other necessity goods required by other city to function while being on lockdown. Note that here Thane city is taken as an example since based on the news there hasnt been anyone affected yet. This border type strategy should be implemented to every small cities in every state even after day 21 of country lockdown. Over the period of time lets say Mulund in Mumbai shows no sign of affected people. Then we can slowly expand thanes border and include mulund within border as well. This way slowly and gradually we can take over multiple cities and over the period of time an Entire state. And then multiple states can work towards removing corona from the entire country. Together. I have very strong confidence in the above proposed strategy if implemented properly can show positive effects on removing corona virus from the entire country. Heres what will happen if borders are lifted after 21 days of lock down. If Borders are lifted after 21 days of lockdown then even if one single person is affected from any city and if he travels to a city which is entirely unaffected for example Thane. The virus will spread again and again and then frequent lockdown will have to be conducted everywhere and we will not see any sign of progress at all. In Conclusion I believe this is a very good strategy to remove corona virus properly until standard cure is available. I hope you please at least read the above mentioned strategy. Also it maybe possible that government of India may have even better strategies to remove corona but If not then I do feel this has the ability to show positive sign of removal. Also I have strong confidence in Government of India and Maharashtra to take proper measures to fight this combat. I hope this comes to help one way or another. CM Uddhav Thackeray announcees All shops selling essential commodities groceries and medicines are allowed to operate 24hours.. These shops will have to follow the rules of social distancing.. India Coronavirus news 17 states earmarking hospitals for dedicated treatment of Covid19 patients Health ministry India News Times of India. The Corona Scare.: [removed]. COVID19 lockdown Adultcontent apps business spikes. I have proposed a strategy on how [coronavirus] can be tackled by the Indian and state government using Divide and Conquer by isolating and bordering small cities until virus has been removed. Im very confident in this strategy. Please consider sharing it with appropriate authorities.. Checkmate Corona. how todays economic relief compares with whats been announced by other countries so far.. CoVid19 Live Dashboard. CoronaGoApp.com Rewarding social distancing. Indias upper amp middle class brought this virus and now they can only save millions of lives.: Are you watching the photos of poor daily wagers majdoors rickshaw pullers thronging every states govt buildings where food is available Do you see any social distancing No. But you cant blame them. Indias poor have no luxury for social distancing they have no luxury of keeping apart they have no privilege of spending days inside nor they have any savings to fall back. They cant do social distancing like internet generation can. This virus was imported and now our poorest stand to lose everything. And only the upper / middle class can stop it. They have to stop this. They have to keep away and show restraint. They have to stay the fuck in. Imagine the reaction of a migrant worker from Begusarai Bihar who was walking from Lucknow yesterday when he comes to know Indian government chartered planes to bring back Indians from Iran Italy Spain France but left this poor chap to walk on his foot to his home The middle / upper class has lot of entitlement. But they arent inherently evil. I belong to this group and I am 99 sure most of you too. Now its upto us to save our countrymen from unmitigated disaster. The lockdown will be inconvenient it will be mentally exhausting it will be horrible but you wont die of starvation. Suck up a little. For the sake of crores of your fellow people. We owe them. They had nothing to do with this virus. PLEASE STAY THE FUCK IN. P.S. Please donate whatever you can here to keep the most vulnerable Indians fed. Just fed for this 21 days. Please help. https//www.feedingindia.org/donate. Government of India lifts ban on Porn sites in view of the COVID19 pandemic. Notification to be published soon in the Gazette of India.. Wondering if I am missing the hidden context since most of the package announced by FM today are for 3 months But Lockdown is for 21 days. Just curious Hope theres nothing the Government is hiding from us on further extension of the lockdown Lockdown21 Covid19india: [removed]. Microsofts Bing COVID Tracker has Districtwise breakdown of COVID19 cases in many states in India.: [removed]. [coronavirus] thanking the doctors worldwide you created the club. Couldnt crosspost but its important to see this one. Smacked Important we dont mock the people who are risking all to protect us. Coronavirus Crowdsourced Covid19 Tracker. Taking a historic move to combat Coronavirus Odisha as the 1st Indian State is set to open around 1000 bedded Hospitals with StateoftheArt facilities for Covid19 patients. Airport authorities in ahmedabad.. I couldnt crosspost it here... Airport authorities in ahmedabad.. I couldnt crosspost it here... COVID19 Tracker India Fond this site and it really have a good data on city and state level. The clusters option and other data really gives an idea about what happens in the place we stay.. Airport authorities in ahmedabad.. I couldnt crosspost it here... World champion PV Sindhu donates Rs 5 lakh each to Telangana and Andhra Pradesh to help them battle COVID19 pandemic.. Police brutality to force people to stay indoors. Is there another better and practical way: [removed]. India Now in Stage 3 Doctor from COVID19 Hospitals Task Force. Calling Indian Software Developers/Product Managers to Work with me for a tech solution to solve the quarantine problems in India.: I am reading posts on Reddit and Twitter about severely lacking and dangerous Quarantine facilities in India. People are complaining about unhygienic conditions being made to stay together and use the same facilities with other suspects which makes it dangerous. Eg [https//twitter.com/NavyaDua/status/1239380791114657792]https//twitter.com/NavyaDua/status/1239380791114657792 Also then we keep hearing about people evading government mandated quarantine. The government does not have enough isolation wards and its not their fault. They are concentrating on sourcing enough Hospital beds ventilators equipment for Medical Workers etc. In this scenario it is upto us to come up with solutions. We are responsible for our health and safety as much as the government. I have a solution that I want to build and submit/promote to government and the general public. But I cant do all the work alone quickly and speed is what will help us. Calling Indian Software Developers/Product Managers to Work with me for a tech solution to solve the quarantine problems in India. Please reply here if youre interested and have time for the next 5 days.. Doctor couple with no foreign travel history test positive for COVID19 in Telangana. Thanks to Corporate Sector but i think we need more support from bollywoodsports stars.. Volunteer for COVID19: I registered Do your part as well. Government of India is looking for volunteers to help in the fight against COVID19. Areas of contribution are a Health b Communication c Entrepreneurial and d Essential Services To volunteer register https//self4society.mygov.in/volunteer/. Police propaganda going in full throttle: Youll now be seeing police helping out and feeding poor people/labours/slums on video recorded by themselves to counter the hidden recorded of them beating tf out of normal public trying to buy essential commodities or beating down shop keepers and even doctors. Apparently police didnt get instructions from home ministry that people can go out for essential commodities or for essential jobs like being a doctor etc or police just dont care they just wanna beat tf outta everyone. https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/bengalmanwhowasouttobuymilkdiesafterbeingbeatenupbypolice165984220200326 gtThe 32yearold man had stepped out of his house to buy milk during the lockdown. Family says he was beaten up by the police. A local hospital declared him brought dead.. Amitabh Bachchan Quotes A Research Says A House Fly Can Spread Coronavirus ABP News. Maha labourer walks 135 km to reach his village amid lockdown. Karnataka sees highest singleday rise in Covid cases as 10 people test positive. Delhi Police constable suspended for damaging vegetable carts during lockdown. INDIA COVID19 TRACKER Crowdsourced initiative plenty of volunteer options. Delhi Pollution was irreversible till Covid19 reversed it. Redditors of Pune/Mumbai who have access to a 3d printer hit me up/Merv 13 Merv16 filters We need your help in printing out n95 mask.: If you have access to a 3d printer or access to merv filters. Please let me know. We are facing a shortage of n95 masks . here is the link for the specifications [https//drive.google.com/file/d/1IWXGh0yBYsnstdwCUT37hCQscseagmqg/view]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1IWXGh0yBYsnstdwCUT37hCQscseagmqg/view If anyone could be kind to make a database of all those who are willing to create it please let me know so we can forward it to the concerened people Thank you and stay safe. I have donated Please you do it too. Please donate and send the screenshot along with your photo to cartoonistsatish at gmail or whatsapp to 9686109573 As a gratitude will do a black amp white caricature.. Odisha to set up the largest COVID19 hospital in the country. Will be a 1000 bed hospital and will be functional in a fortnight. Here is the COVID19 emergency budget I made a financial plans of DOs and DONTs during the pandemic. Please dm your feedback and suggestions.. What is Hantavirus: [removed]. Class X Student Attends Exam With 25 Others Tests Positive For Corona. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman announces Rs 1.7 lakh crore relief package: [removed]. Has anyone been experiencing this: So ive had dry cough for a couple of days now and i checked my fever this morning. Its lingering just over 99 degrees. But i have not been out lately at all. Only time i went out was to a restaurant which was not crowed either three days before janta curfew and exercised reasonable precaution. There has been only 1 case in my city so far and that was brought here from another city as per news reports. Besides ever since the outbreak mind has been playing tricks on me i suppose im not the only one that what if ive got it somehow when i have quarantined myself for quite a while now. I am sure some of you have had fever lately as well. I wonder at what point i should consider getting myself checked. Right now or shall i wait and see if the fever subsides or rises. Delhi Police Constable Suspended for Damaging Vegetable Carts During Coronavirus Lockdown News18. Pune Day 1 summary crosspost from r/Pune: Pune Day 1 . 10 Hr electric cut. . Police beating up everyone mostly poor before asking cause. . Essential services delivery stopped by police and state. . Essential services vendors too afraid to come to shop. This is just the few things I have seen. Do share your observations from your cities I am Half expecting some politician to come out and say Let the games begins. Muslim man serves food to people in need. With 75 economy under lockdown analysts see sharp fall in GDP. How long before a vaccine is developed for COVID19: [removed]. 15000 Ltrs Milk 10000 kg Veg Dumped ETailers Allege Police Attacks. Pls stay at home. Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan talking about managing COVID19 in the state. This brutality is killing Indians more than the virus. Bengal man who was out to buy milk dies after being beaten up by police. Kerala CM Pinarayi Vijayan talking about managing COVID19 in the state.. DxTravela Following the Stay Home Stay Safe Policy: DxTravela the [top travel portal development company]https//www.dxtravela.com following the stay home and stay safe policy to flight against Covid19 COVID19 Stay Home Stay Safe Lets stop Corona Virus How can we stop the spread of the virus The best solution is to break the chain of transmission. It must be accomplished by limiting our exposure to the pathogen. Staying Home makes you safe. Your Family too. Your community becomes safer. The country and the world will soon come to a normal stage and [hashtag DxTravela]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23DxTravelaamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D team is following this policy Its high time to stop the virus and heal the earth [Covid19]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23Covid19amporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [Coronavirus]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23CoronavirusamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [Stayhome]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23StayhomeamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [Staysafe]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23StaysafeamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [Coronachallenge]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23CoronachallengeamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [LetsFightCovid19]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23LetsFightCovid19amporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [CoronavirusInIndia]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23CoronavirusInIndiaamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [Coivd2020]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23Coivd2020amporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [Quaratinedays]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23QuaratinedaysamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [staysanitised]https//www.linkedin.com/feed/hashtag/highlightedUpdateUrnsurn3Ali3Aactivity3A6648856908709142528ampkeywords23staysanitisedamporiginTrackingIdM6USLmU29gboRyp6QjnJPg3D3D [video]tc204k2rizo41. Lockdown Entertainment On Demand Doordarshan May ReTelecast Ramayan Mahabharat. Influencer Who Licked Toilet Seat to Mock Coronavirus Reportedly Tests Positive for It: [removed]. COVID 19 awareness Cinematic B Roll. I am scared thinking what will happen to the people of my state if the lockdown extends after 14th of April: [removed]. Indian instagram during lockdown starter pack. Some people right now... India lockdown Vegetables prices soar hundreds arrested for flouting restrictions:  https//indianexpress.com/article/cities/kolkata/coronavirusindialockdownvegetablespricessoarhundredsarrestedforfloutingrestrictions6331979. I am scared thinking whatll happen if the lockdown extends after 14th of April: [removed]. Goa is STARVING due to 100 lockdown and I need you to know about us: I cannot take this anymore The retarded CM of Goa has imposed a full lockdown. This means that NO grocery shops are allowed to open. I might survive for a week by eating a single meal per day with a dangerously compromised immunity during this ongoing pandemic but think of the numerous infants and elderly dependents who need supplements and special medications and form the most vulnerable sections prone to COVID19. The state of Goa has also breached the centres direct order by shutting down ALL food supplies and outlets in the state. Foreign nationals stuck in the state are already trying to get international medias attention to this crisis but we need more voices The nail in the coffin for me was seeing [THIS]https//twitter.com/ArvindKejriwal/status/1243078456671236098 tweet by Delhis CM. Hes allowed 24X7 operation of all grocery stores in his jurisdiction which felt like a gutpunch as a Goan. We havent had fresh supply in nearly five days Please do not trust any news outlet or journalists claiming that Goa has things under control. Goan governments policy is literally murdering its own people to tackle COVID19. If Corona doesnt get us starvation surely will. If you can at the very least tweet tag or shame the Goan administration. Its a total nightmare. Asking for my close friend Delhi: [removed]. FM announces 1.7 lakh crores Economic Stimulus Package for poor daily wage labourers.. SocialDistancing is the key to control COVID2019 . Please Stay at Home.. Coronavirus Legal Tracker: Hey Nyaaya team member here. Since the rules and regulations around Coronavirus in India are constantly getting updated we have drafted a tracker blog to keep things in one place and explain how they affect you. https//medium.com/nyaaya/nyaayascoronaviruslegaltrackere2953cb8bd44 We will try our best to keep this updated but would encourage people to contribute and share stuff that we might have missed out on. Thanks. This is what govt guidelines for 21day nationwide covid19 lockdown say. Social Distancing Kerala way. Airtel has a top notch medical team. Rip. Coronavirus Delhi Mohalla Clinic Doctor Tests Positive People Who Visited Clinic At Risk. 9 Ways In Which Corona Pandemic Might Make You Better In The Next 21 Days. I am really scared thinking whats going to happen if the lockdown extends after 14th of April: [removed]. How the Indian Police behaves during a national health crisis.. World Health Organisation cautions India on Coronavirus outbreak says Lockdown only buys time. Apt. This was pasted outside my building with my name on it TODAY. Please pay attention to the date. . Help spread awareness in India India can beat the Coronavirus: [removed]. Two more deaths linked to the COVID19 virus were reported today in India with Maharashtra confirming its fourth death in the outbreak and Kashmir it first. In Kashmir a 65yearold man from Hyderpora village who tested positive three days ago.. Recovered Mumbai Pune coronavirus cases return home to cheers by neighbours. What Happened to Indias promise to contribute to the SAARC fund to fight Covid19: The larger question looming at the back of my head is whether we would be able to deliver on our promise in the wrest of a slowing economy and rising state expenditure to provide economic packages and tax sops. How to handle Lockdown Violators. From Portugal. Indias coronavirus curve picks again worryingly close to US trajectory. Watch this video.... The Duality of Indian Police. A package is ready for the poor who need immediate help like migrant workers and urban and rural poor. No one will go hungry. The package is worth Rs 1.7 lakh crore Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman. A thread on police brutality and apathy in the wake of lock down due to COVID19: [removed]. go corona go. HydroxychloroquineAzithromycin and vitaminD and CoVID19. Power Star Pawan Kalyan donates Rs. 2 crores in total for PM and Telugu states relief fund to fight coronavirus pandemic. Feeling strangely optimistic : I am happy that we are undergoing a 21 day lockdown. With a prescribed quarantine period of 14 days if we all manage to stay in we should be able to contain the virus and all positive cases will be able to get the care they need and wont spread further. I am suddenly optimistic that as a nation we will be able to restart after the lockdown period and our domestic flights will take off soon after and we will continue with our daily struggles Stay safe and healthy everyone. PSA Masks help. What govts and experts have been telling is wrong.: I have been hearing that masks are only helpful if youre sick since the start of the crisis. I did some research on it and it seems this is terrible misinformation being spread unfortunately by likes of WHO too. Masks absolutely do help even if they are makeshift ones. 1. Despite hearing that face masks dont work you probably havent seen any strong evidence to support that claim. Thats because it doesnt exist Dr. Adrien Burch \[\[Link\][https//medium.com/adrien.burch]https//medium.com/adrien.burch\] 2. 80 of the general public wearing masks eliminates a flu outbreak and could be even more effective than vaccines. \[\[Link\][https//twitter.com/codebyjeff/status/1242357503519686658]https//twitter.com/codebyjeff/status/1242357503519686658\] 3. 6 out of 7 studies showed that face masks surgical and N95 offered significant protection against SARS. Wearing a mask in public was associated with a 70 reduction in risk of catching SARS. Fabric masks might be comparable to some surgical masks. \[\[Link\][https//medium.com/adrien.burch/whatstheevidenceonfacemasks5f3c27a18cc]https//medium.com/adrien.burch/whatstheevidenceonfacemasks5f3c27a18cc\]\] 4. Im a virologist. Public should know covid exposure dose matters. We have to conserve masks for healthcare workers but masks can help anyone reducing amount of virus released even by breathing or taken in. Immune system is more effective if infection starts w/ low dose. 1/3 \[\[Link\][https//twitter.com/PeterKolchinsky/status/1239560638239838215]https//twitter.com/PeterKolchinsky/status/1239560638239838215\] 5. Cambridge scientists tested 0.02 micron Bacteriophage MS2 particles 5 times smaller than the coronavirus amp compared homemade masks made of different materials to surgical masks. Surgical mask blocks 89 Vacuum cleaning bag 85 Dish Towel 73 T shirt 70 \[\[Link\][https//twitter.com/CMichaelGibson/status/1239718351573843973s20]https//twitter.com/CMichaelGibson/status/1239718351573843973s20\]. Police doesnt know the difference between curfew and lockdown. Essential services are 23times costlier. Police lathi charging without asking. Those like me who didnt panic buy essentials are going to starve. A bhooka student away from home. Bengal man who was out to buy milk dies after being beaten up by police. [LIVE] Coronavirus Pandemic Minute by minute analysis Latest global numbers and updates.. KCR threatens shoot at sight order for lockdown violators. Rahul Gandhi Provide cash to poor tax breaks to industry during COVID19 lockdown Rahul Gandhi. Someone Please Debunk this stupid whatsapp forward because it just doesnt seem to be plausible.: How to dominate the world quickly THE GREAT CHINESE STAGE 1. Create a virus and the antidote. 2. Spread the virus. 3. A demonstration of efficiency building hospitals in a few days. After all you were already prepared with the projects ordering the equipment hiring the labor the water and sewage network the prefabricated building materials and stocked in an impressive volume. 4. Cause chaos in the world starting with Europe. 5. Quickly plaster the economy of dozens of countries. 6. Stop production lines in factories in other countries. 7. Cause stock markets to fall and buy companies at a bargain price. 8. Quickly control the epidemic in your country. After all you were already prepared. 9. Lower the price of commodities including the price of oil you buy on a large scale. 10. Get back to producing quickly while the world is at a standstill. Buy what you negotiated cheaply in the crisis and sell more expensive what is lacking in countries that have paralyzed their industries. After all you read more Confucius than Karl Marx. PS Before laughing read the book by Chinese colonels Qiao Liang and Wang Xiangsui from 1999 Unrestricted Warfare Chinas master plan to destroy America on Amazon then we talk. Its all there. Worth pondering.. Just Think about this... How come Russia amp North Korea are totally free of Covid 19 Because they are staunch ally of China. Not a single case reported from this 2 countries. On the other hand South Korea / United Kingdom / Italy / Spain and Asia are severely hit. How come Wuhan is suddenly free from the deadly virus China will say that their drastic initial measures they took was very stern and Wuhan was locked down to contain the spread to other areas. I am sure they are using the Anti dode of the virus. Why Beijing was not hit Why only Wuhan Kind of interesting to ponder upon.. right Well ..Wuhan is open for business now. America and all the above mentioned countries are devastated financially. Soon American economy will collapse as planned by China. China knows it CANNOT defeat America militarily as USA is at present THE MOST POWERFUL country in the world. So use the virus...to cripple the economy and paralyse the nation and its Defense capabilities. Im sure Nancy Pelosi got a part in this. . to topple Trump. Lately President Trump was always telling of how GREAT American economy was improving in all fronts. The only way to destroy his vision of making AMERICA GREAT AGAIN is to create an economic havoc. Nancy Pelosi was unable to bring down Trump thru impeachment. ....so work along with China to destroy Trump by releasing a virus. Wuhans epidemic was a showcase. At the peak of the virus epidemic Chinas President Xi Jinping just wore a simple RM1 facemask to visit those effected areas. As President he should be covered from head to toe.....but it was not the case. He was already injected to resist any harm from the virus....that means a cure was already in place before the virus was released. Some may ask....Bill Gates already predicted the outbreak in 2015...so the chinese agenda cannot be true. The answer is. ..YES...Bill Gates did predict. .but that prediction is based on a genuine virus outbreak. Now China is also telling that the virus was predicted well in advance. ....so that its agenda would play along well to match that prediction. Chinas vision is to control the World economy by buying up stocks now from countries facing the brink of severe ECONOMIC COLLAPSE. Later China will announce that their Medical Researchers have found a cure to destroy the virus. Now China have other countries stocks in their arsenal and these countries will soon be slave to their master...CHINA. Just Think about it ... The Doctor Who declared this virus was also Silenced by the Chinese Authorities... WELL PLAYED CHINA.... SCENE 1 The curtain opens China becomes ill enters a crisis and paralyzes its trade. The curtain closes. SCENE II. The curtain opens The Chinese currency is devalued. They do not do anything. The curtain closes. SCENE III. The curtain opens Due to the lack of trade of companies from Europe and the USA that are based in China their shares fall 40 of their value. SCENE IV. The curtain opens The world is ill China buys 30 of the shares of companies in Europe and the US at a very low price. The curtain closes. SCENE V. The curtain opens China has controlled the disease and owns companies in Europe and the US. And he decides that these companies stay in China and earn 20000Billions. The curtain closes. How is the play called SCENE VI Checkmate Amazing but true Two videos have passed between yesterday and today that convinced me of something I suspected but had no basis. It was just my speculation. Now I am convinced that the coronavirus was purposely propagated by the Chinese themselves. At first they were too prepared. Three weeks after the start of the roll 14 days and a 12000bed hospitals were already under construction. And they really built them in two weeks. Awesome. Yesterday they announced that they had stopped the epidemic. They appear in videos celebrating they announce that they even have a vaccine. How could they create it so quickly without having all the genetic information Well if you are the owner of the formula it is not difficult at all. And today I just saw a video that explains how Den Xiao Ping gave the west a half stick. Due to the coronavirus the actions of Western companies in China fell dramatically. China I just hope when they went down enough they bought them. Now the companies Created by the USA and Europe in China with all the technology put in by these exchanges and their capital they passed into the hands of China which is now rising with all that technological potential and will be able to set prices at will to sell everything they need to the West. How are you None of this could have happened by chance. China who cared that a few old men died Fewer oldage pensions to pay but the loot has been huge. And right now the West is financially defeated in crisis and stunned by the disease. And without knowing what to do. Masterfully diabolic. It had to be the communists. Adding to this they are now the single largest owners of US treasury with 1.18 trillion holding surpassing Japan. An instrument that has seen the most rally Coronavirus 2020 One prospective amp Analogy. Two Israeli health workers taking time off attending to the Coronavirus crisis to pray. One facing Jerusalem the other facing Makkah. Courtesy The New York Times https//twitter.com/halbfinger/status/1242932651306225664s19. Two Israeli health workers taking time off attending to the Coronavirus crisis to pray. One facing Jerusalem the other facing Makkah. Courtesy The New York Times https//twitter.com/halbfinger/status/1242932651306225664s19. An interesting read about current situation.. Coronavirus impact Indian Oil ties up with Paytm to avoid cash transactions. 24x7 state helplines for essential services amp items India News Times of India. Lock down be like.. Coronavirus Why has Modi done this Rajasthan workers walk back home from Gujarat. What courier services are working courier india post railways or how can I get permission to travel intercity within the state: I have very important documents that I left while traveling before the lockdown in Gandhinagar Gujarat. I need scanned copies of those documents to be submitted somewhere. I am looking at sending my home keys to my neighbour who can scan that document and send me or if possible I personally travel from Rajkot to Gandhinagar in a personal vehicle. Please guide with possible solutions.. STAY AT HOME PLEASE. Thoughts on police violence during lock down: [removed]. go corona go. Created an opensource Covid19 tracking website for India which provides statewise cases. Code contributions are welcome. Lockdown scene Mumbai. 800 In Delhi Who Came In Contact With Covid19 Doctor Quarantined. SUGGESTION TO GOVT Leverage the Digital Platform/FasTAG for issuing EPass / Permits to vehicles carrying essential items: Please use digital platform and FASTAG so that interested companies / individuals can register and obtain a downloadable QR CODE or PERMITS attached to FASTAG for easy movement. Police/Authorities can be adviced to use even mobile phone app to scan the QRcode or even use hand help fastag readers for knowing what that vehicle is and whats its carrying and from where to where in a easy and smooth manner. Same can be done for medical and its allied departments. Delhi has started doing this wish PM asks his DIGITAL INDIA team to work on urgent basis to implement it to ease the current situation.. Koi aur bhi hai mere jaisa. China Virus I Beijing seeks Indias affirmation on not using China virus to describe Covid19. The Indian Police need to understand that coronavirus cannot be beaten with a lathi. South India will Come of Corona Soon: With the officials numbers from Maharashtra and Kerala are still high and Tamilnadu confirming that the person from Delhi tested negative for corona plus all the measures of lock down and curfew I reason that South States will soon show downward trend of new cases after 14 days starting 14th April I suppose. The worrysome factors are People who fled MUmbai and CHennai before lockdown to their native places. Lets wait and watch. Brothers and sisters hear me out modishah is using Corona as an excuse to impose military rule: Dont get me wrong plz bothers sisters and comrades. I know this kcorona is big threat. But modishah government is using it to implement much stringent rules than any other countries. In America UK its not total lockdown. People are still able to live their lives. But in India things are getting stricter every day even though there are less than 700 cases in US there are 60 thousand cases. But in India police are hitting and kicking our brothers and sisters. It is part of big plans by modishah to use Corona to implement military rule and bring in dictatorship like Hitler nazi in Germany.. Utilise this lockdown: Hey peeps Colleges shut down due to COVID19 Why not utilize this time to get enrolled into online courses which provides certified online courses. Internships from PanIndia. Realtime Projects. Live interaction with industryled mentors. The best way to stay safe and upscale your skills to standout amongst the best Interested students can fill the form and we will get back to you. https//forms.gle/jfEDWMGxziiJWr2G9. In Lockdown Tamil Nadus Amma Canteens Rise to the Occasion. People refusing to quarantine themselves in Guntur Andhra Pradesh.. le me during this quarntine period. Government likely to launch Covid pathtracing app. Its about time. Its dealing your own bullshit thats getting hard. Not the quarantine.. Airport authorities ahemdabad india are absolute madlad.. Army deployed. Army deployed. On First Day of Nationwide Lockdown Adityanath Attends Ram Navami Event in Ayodhya. The Corona Virus is killing people. Whole world has gone back a decade. Families have been wiped out. Am I the only one who is constantly feeling this impotent outrage against China: [removed]. its late but still funny. How Long Does the Novel Coronavirus Live on Surfaces. The PMNASA link in lockdown: You must be wondering why 21 days why not 14 or 28. There is a big reason. The rotation of the earth and its curvature is such that every seven days UV rays directly enter the earths atmosphere. As we all know this virus gets destroyed in temperature above 30 degree Celsius. Our PM who wakes up at 4 am has been waking up at 3 am recently and the first hour of his day which is 34 am is dedicated to video chatting with top scientists from NASA. In fact he himself suggested that based on our vedic Purana there are certain times when the sun is at the peak of his prowess. NASA confirmed starting from 25th March which is also gudi padva in Maharashtra the sun will get harsher. Our great PM suggested about lockdown in whole of India. The NASA scientists laughed as they thought locking down a country of 1.3 billion people is impossible. Our home minister who was also present at the video conference as he was yet to sleep just said PM hai to Mumkin hai.The scientists then did calculations and suggested that 21 day lockdown will be enough to get rid of the virus and thats exactly what was announced. Now it is matter of pride of our country and PM. We all know how NASA monitors our country from the sky. We all have seen those Diwali photos from the sky. NASA will also monitor our country during this 21 day lockdown. So guys its now or never stay inside.. How Our PM discovered cure for the virus: Okay it has been a well kept secret but seeing people make fun of our honourable PM Im going to reveal it. All you guys who dont believe that our PM was a tea seller I have just one thing to say you guys are true. He wasnt a normal tea seller. While taking in learnings from vedic Purana at an early age our PM while reading about Kalyug came across this calamity which we are currently facing. He learned that the main Methylxanthine in tea is the stimulant caffeine. Other Methylxanthines found in tea are two chemically similar compounds Theobromine and Theophylline. The tea plant creates these chemicals as a way to ward off insects and other animals. And he immediately understood that the solution to this virus would be a simple cup of TEA. And thus he became a tea seller. Thats one more reason for lockdown. He knows Indian people better than anyone. He also knows that when at home Indian people will drink 810 cups of tea during the day and would cure themselves without any medical help. What a man What a legend What a masterstroke. FYI keep it clean. Not smoking for 21 days: I think this is a wonderful opportunity for me to quite smoking. Ive tried to quite smoking in the past however availability of cigarette shops near me had made it difficult for me I smoked my last ciggarette yesterday and my mind is somehow aware that I wont find cigarettes anytime soon and it has partially stopped my craving for smoking. I need more strength. Wish me luck.. Lessons from Wuhan on how to fight Coronavirus: [Evolving Epidemiology and Impact of Nonpharmaceutical Interventions on the Outbreak of Coronavirus]https//www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.03.03.20030593v1 is a study by Chinese scientists. [This]https//docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rvZs0zsXF0Tw8TNsBxKH4V1LQQXq7Az9kDfCgZDfE/edituspsharing is a much more approachable slide deck on the research paper. The main take aways in terms of combating this epidemic are 1. Shelter in place kind of curfew helps but it is NOT enough. It gets the [relative risk]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relativerisk down from 3.88 to 1.25 but was not good enough. 2. There needs to be a centralized way to quarantine everyone confirmed patients in hospitals their family in hotels health workers in separate hotels. Transport between them controlled by the government. 3. Free rooms for frontline health care workers to rest amid the battle and protect their families 4. Screening Mitigation Suppression all need to be perfect 5. Having quality PPEs is VV important Do you people think we are capable of pulling off something like this I think with the right information and political will this can be done.. COVID 19 TheFactEye channel COVID2019. Walking Home For 2 Days With 10MonthOld On His Shoulders Amid Lockdown. I made a mistake by not panic buying.: I live in Hadapsar Pune and nothing is open. All major stores are closed. Big Basket and Grofers are not operating. The small stores that are open dont have basic stuff like Rice or Daal and they dont expect stock anytime soon. Any advice will be appreciated.. Indias Coronavirus Testing Controversy Points At US StartUp With No Track Record. Panic ostracisation Residents question why Karnataka govt published list of quarantined. Bengaluru PG accommodations forcing us to leave mid lockdown allege residents. Delhi Street clinic doctor gets coronavirus patients asked to home quarantine: [removed]. India under 21 days Lockdown: [removed]. So dope. DIY masks Follow instructions in the links. Might be useful. Be safe. Requires prefilter used in water purifiers.: [removed]. Most intelligent people. Delivery Guys Carrying Orders Beaten Up Mercilessly By Police As Country Enters Lockdown. How to donate to Coronavirus relief: My family wants to donate to either government or nongovernment organization helping people to deal with Coronavirus. Are they reputable organizations in India we can donate to. Do you think that the nationwide lockdown will get extended: [removed]. Indias coronavirus lockdown and its looming crisis explained. Go Corona Go Official Music Video Official Working Vaccine. Traveled back home a few days before the national lockdown.: TLDR [https//youtu.be/xZzbAxsuOMc]https//youtu.be/xZzbAxsuOMc Hello humans I hope you are staying inside the home and strengthening your bond with family members by distancing yourself from Covid\19. In these difficult times some made it back home and some are still stuck away from their parents and families. I just got to tell you that it is all okay to be away from your loved ones for a while so that you can be with them forever. I was living in a shared PG where I wasnt aware of the food source sometimes I was ordering from Zomato/Swiggy amp later they also warned to eat GharKaKhana as much as possible. I had to decide about going home at the quickest because I was seeing national shutdowns happening in other countries. Last Saturday March 21 2020 I decided to travel back to home because I cant rely upon unknown food sources for so long. Let me tell you it wasnt a good experience at all. I was scared and afraid of every single element that came along the way. I took as many precautions as I could Mask glove and sanitizer. Starting from the OLA ride I tried not touching the gates and requested the Ola guy to open the gates. On reaching the airport I made an appropriate distance from the people out there. The airport authorities were also cautious of not touching the boarding pass which I already printed out. There wasnt much crowd outside of the airport but when I went for boarding there was rush amp there I can feel the anxiety amp panic in everybodys eyes about the individual standing near to them. When I stepped in the flight the flight crew was fully packed in their gears gloves masks amp head caps. While making the way to my seat the passengers sitting near to me made sufficient distance to let me pass through. This is that FIRST time which is THE FIRST TIME for everyone in the world and you can see it by every little action that the people around were doing. The passengers nearby to me didnt latch out the armrest neither me. None of us turned on those small lights as well. Hell broke when I saw the flight pickup bus. People had the same mentality of running for the bus and getting a seat in there. I waited for the last round that the bus would make but on the last trip as well the bus was packed with almost no social distancing observed. [the darkest flight]https//preview.redd.it/zlc784j8yvo41.jpgwidth4575ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps1b64176f94d12849e4bb4911964878b064aadcc1 ampx200B [social distancing]https//preview.redd.it/49xr05viyvo41.jpgwidth4011ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps28ef029fe39cb6d76030c594d569541cd25bc570 After reaching home I am currently practicing selfisolation for the next 14 days and keeping a substantial distance from my parents. I have sanitized almost all of the stuff that I carried. The reason why India might see a surge in cases is the untraced cases that might have been traveling or in mobility so far. I feel a bit guilty about traveling during this time and I can understand that the rest of the passengers along with me were having similar notions but this is what it is as of now. gtOne thing is sure the moment it all ends most of us will have a shift in our perspectives toward life and the rest of the parameters that drive it. I hope I wish we all get through this... sooner... Heres what I documented during my travel I recommend this for anyone who has recently traveled during the past few weeks [https//youtu.be/xZzbAxsuOMc]https//youtu.be/xZzbAxsuOMc Id be sharing what I am doing in selfisolation and now that the 21DaysOfLockdown has happened lets see what it rolls out for all of us... Dont roam stay at home. The questions on my mind right now. Please opine.: Hi. 1 What do you think is the actual number of infected cases Id like to believe it is more than what we know. But again there have been no unusual deaths yet. By now the hospitals should have been overflooded. So should we expect the 21 days lockdown to substantially control the spread 2 By when do you think we can resume our normal lives Will things settle in our country by the end of next 2 months or will it take an entire year 3 Will the northeastern states be eventually affected 4 The global scenario is very concerning. By when will the worldwide outbreak be likely contained Thank you.. Traveled back to home amid COVID19 On selfisolation now: [removed]. Coronavirus Why 21day lockdown period. Flight before lockdown Returning home: [removed]. Do the Right thing. How was this number 21 days decided: Is it something related to the virus Asking because even though being quarantined for 21 days significantly reduces community Transmission when normal operation resumes and if anyone somewhere probably undocumented still has it then isnt the whole population again prone to infection. Atleast part of the administration is taking steps.. Other vs India on corona. Police stops Kolkata woman for defying coronavirus lockdown orders she bites cop smears blood on him. Theres a team of designers and developers ready to help communities. If there are challenges you think they cn help get in touch.. Coronavirus Railways mulls offering its coaches cabins as isolation wards:  https//www.deccanherald.com/amp/national/coronavirusrailwaysmullsofferingitscoachescabinsasisolationwards817668.html. Coronavirus Railways mulls offering its coaches cabins as isolation wards: [removed]. Coronavirus Railways mulls offering its coaches cabins as isolation wards: [removed]. Chef and coowner of Bombay Canteen Floyd Cardoz passes away after testing positive for coronavirus. Meanwhile... deaths are just increasing numbers live on a website.. I feel nothing now. 20K people died while I was just refreshing worldometers site. Deaths are just numbers now.. COMEDIANS ON JUNTA CURFEW ft. Zakir Khan Anubhav Singh Bassi Aakash Gupta. Tremendous negativity: Let me be upfront about a few things. I am not a bhakt. I absolutely hate how the present government has been handling multiple issues over the past few years and I honestly think that the country is being run by goons. Now to this post I dont really like how the whole COVID situation was handled. I abhor the way police is currently acting. I hate the fact that the 5 pm appreciation nonsense turned into a fucking shit show. I was just sitting cribbing about everything that was going on and then it just hit me everything has become so god damn negative. Sure I get it the policemen are cunts controlled like puppets. Modi should have immediately made the press release instead of announcing at 8 pm. But come on lets just give shit like the benefit of doubt for now. I was so aghast about 20000 Cr going towards damn beautification. I was so mad abut it that when 15000 Cr for COVID was announced I didnt even care to acknowledge it. I was so frustrated with all the nonsense floating in the whatsapp groups as well. In this atmosphere fake news and medical advice can have serious consequences so I started calling out my family members etc as politely as I could but it just didnt matter to them. They still forward the same shit even today. We are late with the steps we have taken so far. We are probably hiding the infected numbers which country isnt though but I am glad we are now doing something about it. We are late and we can only hope that we arent too late. I am not really asking to keep away the criticism i am just saying the criticism can be put in a slightly nonnegative manner. I doubt the government has anything to gain from purposely fucking up the country during a worldwide pandemic. So while we all fight this together at home lets try and keep things as optimistic as we realistically can.. Strict action should be taken against cops who misuse their power: These people are here to serve the country. Instead of giving people an assurance of safety these walnuts use their position to feed their ego and insecurities. Theyre basically rakshas in rakshak uniforms. Any cop pulling stunts like beating up people delivering daily essentials or causing any other pointless trouble to common citizens should have their salaries cut and suspended for a month.. Coronavirus Tracker in Google Sheets. This stream of thoughts by my colleague.: Human kind always explored.... We searched for life forms in Mars. We were trying to make moon as our pitstop so we can go to Mars..... We were trying to find if moon is habitable. In all this hype and saga we forgot to find solutions for life threatening life forms that exists in our very earth. Corona teaches us tough lessons. We never made researchers careers as rewarding enough. We rewarded cinema artists high enough that we forgot to invest our time and energy in proper life saving research.... We as humans concentrated more on entertainment more and invested in entertainment and not in the much required life saving research work. We converted sports to entertainment to make it financially lucrative and viable.... Everyone including sportsman earned high enough and inspired our children to jus get into such fields which is financially lucrative earns name and fame and money..... Generations of children were not inspired to learn virology biology life sciences medicine life saving research.... These fields were limited to hand ful of few who were financially sound.... Our teachers atleast 50 of them cannot teach in an inspiring way.... Forget teaching they lacked skills themselves..... Our knowledge based jobs were little rewarding when compared to cinema artists or sportsman.... All these resulted into a mess now..... No known medicine for a single strand RNA called covid19 which is of 30000 in genome length which keeps mutating and threatens humans and irony is our human genome length is 3 billion..... 30k life form which cannot live without a host threatening 3 billion length life form....... Our investments needs to be redefined.... Our priorities needs to change.... Our research field needs to be made even more lucrative and our researchers needs to be top earners.... Life needs to thrive.... I hope our generations change to the new reality...... Turning LOCKDOWN into REGROWTH. As much as I want people to stay indoors this police brutality is not acceptable.. Building A.I solution to detect if corona message is fake or not. Since everyone is at home and WhatsApp Facebook is medium to get updates on Corona but there are many fake and misleading information is also being shared by people who even dont know what they are sharing.. Medical surveillance Rural India. 15000 Ltrs Milk 10000 kg Veg Dumped ETailers Allege Police Attacks. tonights prime time with ravish was heavy : obligatory thoughts and prayers to the people less fortunate than me and you ones who are forced to sleep empty stomachs those who dont have a twitter account to trend a hashtag. world is really unfair/ idk who to blame for all of this smh. Life under lockdown number of novel coronavirus cases nationwide rises to 606: [removed]. China refuses to allow discussion on Wuhan Coronavirus in UNSC blocks draft that called for full transparency over the outbreak. Coronavirus is known to have spread due to faulty bathroom floor in an outbreak that happened in Hongkong in 2003. This is scary for India as our sanitary system extremely poor.: I was just looking online to find what kind of environmental influences promote spreading of coronavirus. Then I came across this research article https//www.hindawi.com/journals/av/2011/734690/ This talks about an outbreak in housing estate Amoy Gardens where over 300 people were infected and possible cause was due to faulty bathroom floor drains as per the Wikipedia article https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AmoyGardens gtauthorities found that the design of bathroom floor drains lacked a replenishment system to keep the water traps filled allowing virusladen aerosols to seep into bathrooms exacerbated by the draw of bathroom exhaust fans. These were among the factors that contributed to the rapid spread of SARS in that complex. This is scary stuff especially for India where sanitary systems are extremely poor especially in many rural areas and slums.. BJP youth leader Kailash Verma defies 144 with his supporters and pushes his luck too much gets his ass whooped by Rajasthan police. Which organizations are involved in Covid19 research:  Indian Council of Medical Research National Institute of Virology All India Institute Of Medical Sciences Department of Biotechnology Desert Medicine Research Centre Central Drugs Standard Control Organization Regional Medical Research Centre Dibrugarh Regional Centre for Biotechnology. Govt to unveil stimulus package worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore to tackle coronavirus [Rumours]. In view of Covid19 it has been ordered to temporarily suspend the collection of toll at all toll plaza across India. This will not only reduce inconvenience to the supply of emergency services but also save critical time. IndiaFightsCorona. Uttar Pradesh Govt Bans Manufacture amp Sale of Pan Masala in Fight against Coronavirus. India Day 1 Worlds Largest Lockdown Begins. God Bless India. American friend stuck in Punjab suggestions: [removed]. Wion on Virus Onomastics Study of names... A new word I learnt . Also for ppl insisting on calling COVID as Chinese Virus: I was watching Wion news yde and the lady was talking about a new virus in China called Hanta Virus. She gave some info and then went on to say that the name Hanta comes from a river in Korea where it was seen in 1950s called Hantan. Then she goes on to say that WHO should look into the name and mentioned that nobody found that racist. She mentioned that because last few days Wion has been referring to COVID as Chinese or Wuhan coronavirus alluding to Trump naming COVID as Chinese Virus. Anyways I went on Wiki to look up on the virus. Interestingly I read that a similar strain was found in the US and was named after a geographical feature in the Navajo reservation. The Navajo nation objected to it and so they tried naming it after a nearby place Four Corners which was again objected by the local residents and they finally named it Sin Nombre meaning w/o a name in Spanish. The page might have been edited from yde so Im giving out links Im pretty sure I read it in Ortho hantavirus wiki page yde couldnt find it today 0 [Wion]https//youtu.be/jq1E2jHXU ..... This is the wion link. The lady mentions it about 245. not sure how to keep timestamps forgive me 1 https//www.latimes.com/archives/laxpm19940424mn49752story.html 2 https//archive.org/details/viruseshumandise0000stra/page/161 3 [Wiki]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SinNombreorthohantaviruswprovsfla1 Now Trump had called COVID as Chinese Virus and sought to put blame on China for the virus. Theres a blame game going on. Also saw forward msgs saying that coronavirus was completely planned by China. And that China paid WHO to change name to COVID. And people in general are spouting out the bio war theory not realising how it can affect relations between nations and also attitudes towards Asian people. WHO had given guidelines for naming diseases back in 2015 where they clearly mention that insensitive naming could cause stigma. https//www.who.int/mediacentre/news/notes/2015/namingnewdiseases/en/ Finally ppl please realize that pandemics epidemics and new diseases have been occurring from centuries back. Yes few viruses have been named after their geographical origin mostly at a time when people werent racially sensitive. Already the Chinese are being ridiculed for their dietary habits full on. Yes eating raw food carries danger of bacteria and viruses and they should reduce eating raw bushmeat. Theyre taking steps to reduce that. Viruses spread not only through ingesting bushmeat but also when people are handling animals like in MERS. Also theres no evidence for COVID as a bio weapon currently. When we do get it UN will take necessary steps. So in short we shouldnt be blaming China so vehemently.. Singer Kanika Kapoor tests positive for COVID19 for third time Are they going to keep testing her daily. Stay Home Stay Safe. Latest Updates on Coronavirus and Recommendations for Spare Time Use: [removed]. Need actual experts here why this article is currently trending in new channel now It was already debunked by world right. India likely to unveil 20 billionplus stimulus package to tackle coronavirus downturn sources. Modis poorly planned lockdown wont save us from coronavirus but will kill economy. Delhi man arrested for spitting at Manipuri woman calling her corona. This is not ending in 21 days. The Govt. is preparing for a long and bitter battle: I just got off a call with my dad. He works in ICF which is the railways coach factory in Chennai. They have been ordered to switch production to hospital beds and medical parts. Similar instructions have apprently gone out to other government production facilities. Fathom the scope of what is to come. Stay safe stay at home.. Coronavirus India Lockdown Live Updates [21 days MegaMega Thread]: [removed]. Now Kanika Kapoors Family Questions Her Incorrect Age And Gender In Covid19 Test Report. Rajasthan Nurses doctors facing threats from landlords to vacate houses for being engaged in Covid19 treatment Jaipur News Times of India. Randomly came across this coronavirus rant he makes some good points about cleanliness. Centre looking for Doctors including retired to work as volunteers to fight Covid19. Online Retailers Allege Attacks Say 15000 Ltrs Milk 10000 kg Veg Dumped. Coronavirus Lockdown has Already Done More Damage to Economy than Demonetisation I Karan Thapar. Live Coronavirus Statistics for India. With the lockdown in place since 6 PM GMC has been going around sanitizing the City to further prevent the spread of the coronavirus.. New Malayalam superhero in town. This site has Latest Coronavirus Updates for India and World and recommendations for a list of Free Activities to pursue in these times. I created this site as a voluntary effort to help everyone upto date with latest information. Hope you find this useful. There are no ads on this site. Damned if you do damned if you dont.: A lot of people were hailing governments decision yesterday but the tone seemed to have changed today. It is practically impossible to contain the spread of this virus without a brutal lockdown as its evident from Wuhan and how rampant it is in first world countries with a generally better nourished population lower population density better healthcare facilities and richer governments. NONE of them were able to limit infection rate without some sort of lockdown. Now coming back to India its nearly 3 times as populous as USA with third of land area hence 9 times the population density. I think its reasonable to assume that infection would spread here just like its spreading in NYC and will completely overwhelm the entire healthcare infrastructure in matter of a single week. People will be dying across the board not only because of COVID19 but also due to other disease because they would be rendered without any medical attention. Each one of you would be found losing your shit and because then itll not just be poor wholl be suffering but your near and dears as well. I know a large majority of you have a beef with BJP government mostly for good reasons but at times I think that clouds your judgement and you guys arent exactly as rational as you might think. This is no GST or DeMo for which government had ample time to plan and execute. This is a natural disaster if they spent another week getting readying for a lockdown then the situation would have worsened and you can never be truly prepared for a lockdown of this magnitude. So the choice was simple inconvenience millions or let millions die. The entire world is grappling with shortage of medical equipment necessary to treat COVID patients and here youre expecting government to somehow have stocks ready for 1.3 billion people. A lockdown and hence suffering for poor people is inevitable either way but a lockdown done early might just end up saving their lives. I am happy that government chose to do whats right instead of trying to match up to impossible standards of woke crowd. This too shall pass and the choice is between a lower body count vs poor people going hungry for some days. The latter is a relatively easily solvable problem if community comes together and government isnt overwhelmed by millions of sick and dying people.. What should I do Not getting entry in house: I went outside to meet my friends against my parents wishes and now my parents are refusing me entry in the house due to fear of coronavirus. Where can I spend the night I dont have any of my ID cards.. Worlds largest food security scheme announced by India. Government will provide Wheat and rice to 800 million Indians at Rs2/kg0.026 for wheat and Rs 3/kg0.039 to rice for three months. COVID SHOVID. The average Indians antibodies have been in training for this showdown for decades.. Delhi Police Detain Over 5000 People For Violating Coronavirus Lockdown. Piece of s arrested.: [removed]. Amid lockdown due to coronavirus threat couple takes marriage vows through video conferencing. I made meme bored of lockdown.. Dayuum The air quality index makes me happy in these troubled times. And to be honest its nice enough to wake up to the chirping of birds instead of vehicle noise.. Dayuum The air quality index makes me happy in these troubled times. And to be honest its nice enough to wake up to the chirping of birds instead of vehicle noise.. Dayuum The air quality index makes me happy in these troubled times. And to be honest its nice enough to wake up to the chirping of birds instead of vehicle noise.. Dayuum The air quality index makes me happy in these troubled times. And to be honest its nice enough to wake up to the chirping of birds instead of vehicle noise.. India Lockdown News Online Retailers Allege Attacks Say 15000 Ltrs Milk 10000 kg Veg Dumped. Expect More corona cases. Charities supporting Daily Wage earners during COVID19: Hi there Do you know of any charitable organisations that are providing meals/ medication to daily wage earners during this lockdown Id like to donate some money towards the cause. TIA amp stay safe. JANTA CURFEW CoronaVirus sey bachney ka Modi ka Tareeka ft. Baba Sehgal. India is likely to agree on an economic stimulus package of more than 20 billion to fight a downturn in the country which is on lockdown to stem the spread of coronavirus. [Reuters]. COVID19 Tracker. Online school attendance Corona Edition . Men beating police officers in Bangaluru.. Lockdown UP Police uses force to disperse gathering led by woman with sword. SuprDaily a service that delivers Milk and other daily essentials to your doorstep every morning just announced that all deliveries for tomorrow are cancelled.: [Heres the official announcement]https//twitter.com/SuprDaily/status/1242819214441775104s19. Ive been on board with this lock down since the getgo. In fact I think it was implemented a little too late and I personally havent gone out of the house for over a month now and havent been panickbuying anything. But stuff like this makes me think that Im wrong that I shouldve been selfish and hoarded stuff like others because otherwise I wouldnt get it. I hope that the situation is resolved soon but stuff like this only validates my opinion that even though our governments response has been much better than other governments we are extremely ill prepared for this.. COVID19 Lockdown Parle to donate 3 crore packs Parle G biscuits through government agencies. Narendra Modi has cut Indias poor adrift. Should I feel sad or laugh at this 21dayslockdown karnatakapolice Mohammed Hussain u/iamMDHussain. This should be followed everywhere.. Thanks to Andhra... Coronavirus sitrep So its local authorities now not allowing daily need goods to pass. Coronavirus sitrep So its local authorities now not allowing daily need goods to pass. Coronavirus Prep So its local authorities now not allowing daily need goods to pass. Coronavirus Prep So its local authorities now not allowing daily need goods to pass. Update to https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fnd8e4/amanipurigirlatvijaynagardelhiwasspaton/utmsourceshareamputmmediumweb2x: [removed]. How This Student Hit Back Against Coronavirus Racism In India. Wellwell... How the tables have turned.. Empty skies. Indian Covid19 data from govt website: [removed]. Trust issues with the sarkaar: Theres no denying that a lockdown is absolutely necessary to prevent the spread of something as terrible as COVID19 especially in India. But its also understandable why people are panicking and finding so little confidence in the announcements and assurances of the government. Firstly the reach of the essential information about what is/isnt allowed isnt even a fraction of the PMs speech which sent people on a panic buying spree. Secondly it isnt that easy to trust a government that decided to demonetise 86 of the currency in circulation with 4hour notice and later realised that the newer notes which were still being printed wouldnt fit in the ATMs. There are hundreds of thousands of trucks that are stuck at state borders and I really hope these issues are resolved before more panic sets in. Amid Corona Lockdown Schools should charge only basic fees: Schools are closed. Finances of many household are dipped due to lockdown. Schools should only charge the basic fees to cover salary of staff and other basic charges only. Plz sign my petition to India PM office.[sign my petition]http//chng.it/knpLv86p . What is Indias longterm strategy regarding coronavirus : [removed]. Mitron. Coronavirus Threatens Catastrophe in India A Vulnerable Population Braces for the Pandemic. Corona Rap by Kartik Aryan quite amusing: [removed]. I would love to be proven wrong a rant.: Hello. I believe India is heading towards economic and societal collapse because of the current crisis we are in. I am not being pessimistic here. This is the truth as I see it. I would love arguments those supporting my hypothesis and those demolishing it. Here is what I believe is happening When you cant move out on roads people cant go to work in factories or anywhere else. Manufacturing stops. Peoples incomes stop. Theres no supply and no demand. So now we have a large migrant population without food or shelter or money living on the streets of big cities. This is a recipe for social disaster. Moreover because you dont have movement on roads rightly so some can justifiably argue farmers are not able to sell their produce and are dumping it. So when all this ends there will be a severe shortage of food and basic products. Imagine that. Even toothpaste and soaps will be in short supply. And we have not even begun thinking about the migrants who will be asymptomatic carriers and will take this disease with them to rural India. Rural India has no healthcare to speak of. So when covid19 strikes at the heart of Indias villages the entire economic superstructure of Indian society centred around agriculture will collapse. I dont know what the solution is. But it is certainly not beating up workers and delivery boys and shattering the entire ecosystem of production manufacturing and services. Jayati Ghosh says much the same thing in the interview with Karan Thapar on Wires YT. It is my assessment that some if not many households will run out of food before Sunday. Money is worthless when there is no food. How many households can afford to or even have space for food supply worth three weeks And when deliveries begin again people will immediately begin hoarding for fear of and actual shortages. Which means there will be artificial inflation created by prices being pushed upward added to the inflation created by lack of supplies. We may have to beg for money like 1991. Only this time there wont be many willing to lend us. Because nobody will have any money. Think over where were going. If you can find a flaw in my logic Ill be the happiest. I do not want this post to be taken as a criticism for the current dispensation whatever issues I have with them. I want us to recognize the sheer extent of the problem we are facing and then try to solve it. \ Fin.. In the current lockdown I see the option to order from Swiggy. Do you guys think it is safe or are you ordering: The restaurents have reduced and there are notifs on Swiggy saying they are taking all care. But how much risk there is according to you folks. Chidambaram proposes cash transfers to urban rural poor to help them during lockdown. Helping the poor community during corona lockdown: Hi guys as you all know a lot of poor people in our country will be struggling to make ends meet during this lockdown process so I thought of starting a thread listing ways for those who have the means on this sub to help the underprivileged. Here are a few ideas to start with 1. Please do not deduct any salaries for the lockdown for any of your domestic help personal guards or drivers and do not fire them for the next few months. This is the least we can do. 2. If possible provide them advance salaries for April rather than holding it off till the end of the month. Same applies for business owners who employ people with very little salaries such as guards drivers and housekeeping staff. Give them a small bonus if you want remember you are also saving money by not ordering in or eating out. 3. Please do not negotiate with your local fruit and vegetable sellers if you go out for grocery shopping this is applicable for smaller cities particularly offer them a bit more they will be highly appreciative 4. Please also donate to NGOs non profits and central or state relief funds who are helping them secure meals. Here are a few ways to donate 1. Prime ministers relief fund [https//pmnrf.gov.in/en/onlinedonation]https//pmnrf.gov.in/en/onlinedonation 2. Zomato Feeding India [https//www.feedingindia.org/donate]https//www.feedingindia.org/donate Please feel free to suggest more ways to help and more ways to donate. A small donation of Rs 500 will be able to feed a family of 4 for a week so please be generous and donate as much as you can. If all of us can help 23 underprivileged families it will still have an impact on their lives.. Amazon eases selfisolation Prime Video makes children amp family content free limits streaming on phones to SD. Selfish but practical thought CoronaVirus fatality rate is just 2 so why should the rest 98 suffer lockdown for sake of the 2. Coronavirus Chef Floyd Cardoz coowner of Bombay Canteen dies of Covid19 in New York. Latest Statistics: Does anyone know how many people have India tested till now And how many cases do we have till now How many added today. Anjali Bhardwaj THOUSANDS have collected at shelter homes where Delhi govt has directed cooked food be provided. Overcrowded overwhelmed shelters dont have adequate ration amp infrastructure. Govt needs to ensure cooked food distribution at all anganwadis amp govt schools also. No final exams all pass TN Puducherry tell students of classes 1 to 9. Gurugram Exemptions of Online delivery services Memo. Im begging you please be careful. Decontamination in UP India. Woman goes bonkers licks Kolkata cop amid Covid19 fears. My state if the grocery situation or lack thereof to be precise continues for another week /. Press Trust of India Dont focus on mistakes during this crisis more you support the administration more successful will be our fight against the disease PM.. PM Modi announced a Whatsapp helpline number 90131 51515 in his address to the nation for any enquiries regarding Coronavirus 24x7. He said only a Namaste in English or Hindi will get you a reply instantly and help you with your questions. But WhatsApp doesnt send these messages WiFi/Net working. Emotional amp Angry Messages of Akshay Salman Hrithik Virat Asking To Stay Home 617. CoronaVirus Live numbers update and graphs to track impact of Indiaa lockdown. Here is why social distancing works some data to go by.: Most people who have been infected have stayed indoors which is helping us contain this. People who came in contact led to infecting more people. Here is a video explaining this https//www.youtube.com/watchvxbhFJzjENPw Website if you want to play around by yourself https//www.covid19india.org/ I dont own the website seems it was created after covidout.com didnt work.. Please help poor. Even the skies are empty today. COVID19 Visualizer. Damn it why are we so creative. PM live address: Can someone do a translation or transcribe the address I am watching it live but unable to understand much. Especially the Q and A. Police Beating Up Delivery Guys ETailers Complain Amid Lockdown. Promise yourself to help 9 poor families everyday for the next 21 days PM Modi.. Modis poorly planned lockdown wont save us from coronavirus but will kill economy. Social distancing in vegetable market in Vijayawada Andhra. Latest news coronavirus and precautions covid 19 india locked down. PM Modis 21Day Lockdown Will Change India Forever. PM Modis interaction with citizens [Live]. PM is having a web conference with people.. Cabinet nod for supply of 2 kg extra subsidised foodgrains via ration shops. Go Corona Go Official Music Video. Consultation: These doctors you can consult for free on phone For telephonic guidance on COVID19 from 8 am to 12 noon Dr Tushar Shah. 9321469911 Dr M Bhatt. 9320407074 Dr D Doshi. 9820237951 Dr D Rathod. 8879148679 Dr R Gwalani. 8779835257 Dr D Kansara. 8369846412 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 12 to 4 pm Dr G Kamath. 9136575405 Dr S Manglik. 9820222384 Dr J Jain. 7021092685 Dr A Thakkar. 9321470745 Dr L Bhagat. 9820732570 Dr N Shah. 9821140656 Dr S Phanse. 8779328220 Dr J Shah. 9869031354 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 4 to 8 pm Dr N Zaveri. 9321489748 Dr S Ansari. 7045720278 Dr L Kedia. 9321470560 Dr B Shukla. 9321489060 Dr S Halwai. 9867379346 Dr M Kotian. 8928650290 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 8 to 11 pm Dr N Kumar. 8104605550 Dr P Bhargav. 9833887603 Dr R Chauhan. 9892135010 Dr B Kharat. 9969471815 Dr S Dhulekar. 9892139027 Dr S Pandit. 9422473277 P.S. Another excellent helpline 247 has been initiated by Indian Medical Association. The numbers are 919999672238 and 919999672239.. Has anyone received non essential goods during this lockdown from flipkart: [removed]. Covid19 Spread in India Confirmed Cases Vs Death caused by coronavirus. This is important. As a result of this lockdown can NRIs still return back to India : [removed]. buckle up india we fight this together. Do not ignore a beautiful message...stay home stay safe.. First Day of Lockdown In India: [removed]. COVID19 Spread in India. Kanika Kapoor tests positive for COVID19 for the 3rd time: Kanika Kapoor tests positive 3rd time friend is negative India News Times of India https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/music/news/kanikakapoortestspositive3rdtimefriendisnegative/articleshow/74804080.cms Why do they keep testing the same person. Donation suggestions: Hey I want to donate some money for the people in need. Do you folks have any recommendations on organizations working to feed/house/assist poor.. Ghar pe rhe mitron.. India Today is in it to win it They named the people infected with corona virus COVIDIOTS.. This is an avengers level threat. We have to get essential commodities into the cities K Ganesh Promoter BigBasket Fresh Menu. 2 Braindead Boys trying to beat onduty police in Bangalore today because Police used force to send them back home CORONAVIRUS lockdown. You know what happened just now StayHome and StaySafe. Howrah station turns into hellhole for hundreds of stranded passengers. Coronavirus lockdown Supply of essential items hit as confusion about exemptions prevail. 4 Lakh Masks Worth Rs 1 Crore Seized from Mumbai Even as Doctors Struggle for Medical Supplies News18. Free COVID19 communication card but we need help: We have designed a card to help patients communicate with medical staff. Some patients cant speak due to illness COVID or not deafness or treatment e.g. intubation or the bubble head ventilators or they have strong accent or dialect the staff do not understand. If the COVID19 outbreak is as severe as some people think it could be there are going to be thousands of patients who cant communicate with the staff for these reasons. Countries with multiple languages are particularly at risk. You cant bring interpreters into isolation wards without risk of infection and wasting protective equipment and the time take to put it on and off. Inspired by them we made [OnaCard]https//onacard.org/ to provide such cards to anyone who needs them. Theyre freely licensed and anyone can use it for any purpose. Currently we have 14 translations of the basic style card and 6 website translations. [Basic Care card in Hindi]https//preview.redd.it/imj9o4a1nso41.pngwidth400ampformatpngampautowebpampsdb4cda7618d64e2d6f8f7d38b5acbcff6695c519 We have Hindi and Urdu cards but we only partial website translations. We also are missing other languages spoken in India. All you kind people stuck at home under lockdown can you help us Translation or getting advice from local healthcare units about what is useful and what isnt anything gratefully received. You can email us at [suggestonacard.org]mailtosuggestonacard.org. If nothing else make sure anyone you know who might be in a situation where they cannot talk to medics has some way to communicate.. I was forwarded this guys videos. And I did a bit of digging. Hes a fake. Alliance International University only exists on paper and internet. If any one sends his videos tell them. As Covid19 loomed in the distance a Union Minister hosted a Twitter Antakshari on Sunday. A saner government and society would have started taking it a bit more seriously and increased our preparedness. But oh well.. Stay Home Stay Safe: [removed]. Changes of lockdown on Delhi. Pollution getting suppressed day by day. Postal delays: Will postal services like IndiaPost DTDC be continuing in lock down. Coronavirus aur Janta. Scientists hopeful warmer weather can slow spread of Coronavirus. Pak cases hit 1K. Workers in Gujarat leave for homes in Rajasthan on foot. Meme.. Meme.. Whatsapp Unkle Groups in full swing: Its just littered with so much such videos.. and no one has even tiniest bit to realize how could it be possible when we are doing regular prayers and what not.. https//i.imgur.com/0bxxFUC.jpg Now with 3 weeks lock down.. what and all ideas and crazt stuff will come out.. only Lord Dhanvantri knows /s. Mumbai Police seized 4 lakh face masks worth around Rs 1 crore from a godown near Mumbai Airport Cargo Terminal today. Case registered. More details awaited.. Why are food delivery sites like Swiggy Zomato not functional: Wasnt it mentioned in the circular that food delivery is exempted from the lockdown. For people like me living alone away from home it is a nightmare.. Unpopular opinion but I totally blame china for this nightmare. All DMs/Zonal Dy Commissioners of Municipal Corp/Dist Dy Commissioners of Police are directed to take strict penal action under relevant provisions of law against landlords/house owners forcing doctors/health care personnel/paramedical staff to vacate rented residencesDelhi govt. 1.3 billion people locked down in India in bid to halt coronavirus. big bazaar home delivery Big Bazaar shares its doorstep delivery plans for lockdown period. Covid19 Adityanath attends Ayodhya ritual hours after PM Modi urges everyone to stay indoors. PM Modi forgot to tell the police that people can buy food items... Flipkart Suspending Services. Amazon Big Basket Grofers locked down as local authorities misinterpret order. YSK during coronavirus quarantine cult.fit is offering free and live workout tutorials which require no gear: You can download their app cure.fit . They have 3 different type of workouts Dance cardio HRX strength Yoga. Since everyone is locked inside with no physical activity its a life saver for me personally. Also there are loads of different offering on the internet but I find it easy to follow and fun to do.. Close Up Ad Will Youth of India ever follow Social Distancing while Ads like this are allowed to air. Stay at home guys. Exams ke liye prep Corona. Stay at home guys. Coronavirus Karnataka Update Village shuts itself for two months.. Does anyone have the notification which the central gov. might have released for the lockdown: [removed]. Coronavirus outbreak Condom sales in India go through the roof. Lucknow Is Facing Coronavirus Threat Thanks to Kanika Kapoor. Maharashtra Daily wagers labourers worst hit by lockdown. Redditors of Delhi any idea on how to buy cigarettes during quarantine: [removed]. How to strengthen your immune system in CoVid19 Pandemic by Meditation and other Hollistic techniques.. Punebased lab launches Indias 1st COVID19 testing kit approved by ICMR. Effectiveness of the lockdown.: I have a few questions. 9 people had died in India when the announcement for the lockdown was made. 1 kid dies every 10 seconds of hunger in the world. Is the complete lockdown justified Before I am attacked for being insensitive or ignorant to the threat posed by COVID19 I have some personal reasons for questioning the lockdown. 90 of the Indian working population belong to the informal sector. Thus it is safe to assume they are daily at best weekly wage earners. If they arent allowed to work they cant even dip into their savings because there isnt any. We cant blame them owing to the structure of support providednot promised by the government. Is the lockdown justified for these workers Eg. My domestic help works at 34 houses earning 78000 tops. Her husband is a bus driver and gets to work 34 days a week if hes lucky. Both of them dont have any work now. We gave her the monthly salary but how long will that suffice. Definitely not 21 days. She cant even come to our place to get some help. Same for our driver ji. Yes the government has promised aid to the marginalised in the forms of subsidies and transfers. But how are they going to materialise the promises if everything is locked down. Who is going to produce This question stems from how the police is attacking people for going out of their houses. The shopkeepers at my local market are reluctant to continue sales since they are being harassed by officers for leaving their houses. If this continues the public will soon reduce buying to the least possible defeating the entire purpose of keeping essentials available. Fellow redditors do you think the multitude of shortcomings in framing the lockdown are going to affect the country more than COVID19. Want To Go Home Boy Weeps At Deserted Delhi Bus Station Amid Lockdown. Homeless with no income migrant labourers wish they had left Delhi before the lockdown. We will follow it. Its for everyones good. So stay at home. Stay safe.. COVID19 update Second case of coronavirus in NE Mizoram man tests positive. Indias Coronavirus Testing Controversy Points At US StartUp With No Track Record. Indian API Makers To Boost Output Of Antimalarial Drugs Found Effective Against Covid19. Arms over masks India buys weapons from Israel as coronavirus cases spike. A tale of two doctors. Lockdown in my area parked my car on the right side to take some medicines for fever completely barren road otherwise you will not find any place to park N24 paraganas West bengal. to save India to save every Indian citizen to save you. 1.3 billion Indians enter total lockdown after a spike in cases of the novel coronavirus across the country.. Scarcity of daily usage products: So im seeing this current situation of people crowding over shops to buy things and the shops are running out of them so the people who distribute these products to the shop are called distributorsThese producte range from daily usage things like atta rice oil salt and many of these are used for making our food and these distributors get the stock from trucks from depot. The trucks sometimes arrive from another district. So these distributors are running out of stock. The sales persons the people who deliver these products to the shops online deliveries and also the trucks which carry and give the products to the distributors are being stopped by police the borders are also closed. But government said that shops can be open from 6 to 9 am and online deliveries can be done. But as the police are stopping them there is a scarcity of goods in thr shops. What i think can be made is that government can gove out a permit saying that these vehicles and people can do their duty but less frequently than they used to do before the Covid19 outbreak so when some official stops them they can show this permit and do their job and the people who are doing their job must follow safety precautions like keeping a sanitizer with them wearing gloves and a mask for safety reasons. And the government must allow these permitted trucks through the border. And this permit can printable and can be mailed to the respective people who are concerned in doing these jobs. So maybe this can reduce the scarcity of products in the shops and people can get some supply of goods and i hope we beat this CoVid19 pandemic. Stay safe guys xD. Two gals one cop. Is Coronavirus really a natural disease or a biological weapon by china: [removed]. Oyo in talks with Delhi govt to offer quarantine rooms. Lock down Day 1 of 21: Lets share our experiences challenges suggestions motivation guidance .. Kanika Kapoor Tests Positive for Coronavirus for the Third Time. Social Distancing being practiced at Union Cabinets Meeting today 2503. PM Modi setting the pace.... In light of the growing restrictions caused by COVID19 millions of daily wage workers have lost their livelihood and have no food to survive on. Please help by donating to Feed the Daily Wager by Zomato Feeding India and provide food support to the daily wager community. Click to donate https. India faces up to 400 million cases national lockdown could be unproductive CDDEP. should i not be buying anything during the pandemic : Apparently the virus can survive on plastic surfaces for up to 3 days. LITERALLY everything from chips bread pasta comes in a plastic wrap of some sort.... i am officially losing it someone infected with the virus could have sneezed at or touched the eggs I am bout to cook i can take the bread out of their original plastic packaging and keep them in a different container but whats the guarantee that the virus cant penetrate through the outside of the plastic and inject my bread D anything and everything you will buy could have the virus in it living waiting for its next victim. Traffic cops in Chennai pleading with Bikers not to roam during the Lockdown. Will be Forced to Issue SHOOT AT SIGHT Orders if People Defy Lockdown Telangana CM. Dont forget the less fortunate ones.: Daily wage labourers rickshaw pullers and others are most likely going to sleep empty stomach for the days to come. One of my relatives is actively working to provide packets of food 2kg flour 2kg rice and 2kg daal to such people. One little girl on receiving the packet said Aaj hamare ghar me khana banega Today food will be prepared in our home. Another person sitting on an empty cart on receiving the packet ran towards his home leaving the cart behind. Dont just help financially your physical presence is needed but take active precautions. Unfortunately for me I just traveled from city with some positive covid19 cases and am in self quarantine and can only help financially. People are suffering and you can help.. This is how were treating our pilot who flew Indians from Italy we all should be proud. Corporal punishment for kids.: [removed]. UP kickstarts vegetables and other essential item distribution vehicles. Ghadein. Ghado ko danda maaro. When you gotta do the social distance.... Stay Home Lockdown. Best video from the lockdown yet. UP kickstarts vegetables and other essential items distribution vehicles.. Bhagat Singh had fast for straight 116 days in jail: Ashish Kaushik ashish05jan Tweeted Gandhiji was in jail for 2388 days Bhagat Singh had fast for straight 116 days in jail We are in just 21 days lockdown Lets make it a perfect effort for IndiaFightsCorona Covid19India Coronafighters[our chance to show bravery]https//twitter.com/ashish05jan/status/1242695778314752000s20. COVID19 alert Do not go near the fire after using sanitizer. Ray of sunshine for India in Covid times.: Honestly I believe that despite such a huge population were doing a good job so far. Also the medical company I work for has already started tests in Mumbai. Were working out on how to take it pan India. As for Mumbai already a few thousand people on the list to be tested and cures to be made. Its a start well get through this. Our media has finally started dishing out true numbers for cases in India. Were actually doing a pretty good job so far. Now as long as we all live up to his expectations and sit at home well be fine. Ps idk if its just me but I could feel the begging tone in his voice yesterday and that was trying not to lose it. Whoever reads this please just stay home. For those of us who are depressed souls yes it is tough no doubt. For those of us who are the brightest happy souls theyre affected too. Were all in the same boat. Keep calling your friends spam them with texts whatever theyll spam you back too. Everyone of us is losing our minds but we have to remember this is for the greater good.. Where can I find live figures of the COVID19 testing done by our country: [removed]. When yesterday Modi said about developed countries that despite having the best healthcare services they have not been able to contain the impact of COVID19...: gt This is the reason that situation became uncontrollable when Coronavirus started spreading in countries such as China US France Germany Spain Italy and Iran. gt Also remember whether it is Italy or US the healthcare services in these countries are considered to be among the best in the world. Despite this these countries have not been able to contain the impact of Corona. The question at hand is where does one see a ray of hope in this situation What is the solution what are the options I cant help but think that he has officially hinted that our healthcare services wont be able to cope with a similar situation. I mean I know that the system might crumble but the PM saying Even these countries have not been able to contain the impact of Corona is a little bit unnerving.. FEED THE DAILY WAGER Food assistance for families affected by the COVID19 lockdown. [Q] What is the experience of people who were tested positive and went for treatment: I read somewhere that they are not allowing patients to contact family members if they get well they are discharged and if they die they will be cremated without even informing the family. A close friend of mine has a kidney disease which has lead to very weak immunity. It made me very worried. How much of this is true If anyone knows or read about any of the patients experience.. A song in response to the racism against the northeastern people. Me and bois chilling out with social distancing beer. Hats Off To Indian Punjab Government Administration and Punjab Police. Its true. [Meme] Government right now: [removed]. Do you know any multiplayer games we can play with friends on phones: they can be browser games or Android games. PM modi every now and then. Centre Invokes National Disaster Management Act Takes Control Of Coronavirus Battle In States NDTV. Do other India states have the concept of Ration shops like we have in Tamil Nadu: Because here in Tamil Nadue we have this concept of Ration system where most essential items including rice wheat sugar etc were given as free or at a very discounted price . Now our State Govt is this distribution network to ensure everyone in the state can get essential commodities . Particularly those behind poverty line. This basically means There is already an existing distribution network available during this lock down Public also know where they have to go get essential supplies. Does other states have similar distribution centres Because so many people asking and seem confused how govt is going to ensure this supply of essentials in their place during this lockdown.. Sheep survived naturally by social isolation social distancing. The central government should follow Keralas footsteps.: gtA nationwide lockdown is welcome. So is the allocation of Rs. 15000 crore for healthcare although it is meagre considering the pathetic state of Indias public healthcare system. The state of the countrys public healthcare is unsurprising since both central government and all state governments combined spends only 1.28 of its GDP on healthcare. However Rs. 15000 crore would be a good starting point to set up urgently needed facilities. But the Prime Minister has remained silent on a very very crucial point. How are the vast majority of people of this country where 93 of the workers are in the informal sector and where 85 of the population has a family income of less than Rs 10000 per month going to survive with a 21day lockdown The basic minimum measure that the Indian government should have announced is to ensure free rations for all without distinction of Below Poverty Line and Above Poverty Line because many people who happen to be in APL category are also poor. India has a huge stock of 7.5 crore tonnes of food grains in the Food Corporation of India godowns so the requirement could have been easily met. Other measures to support livelihoods and to provide income support could have followed. But nothing of the sort has been announced. It is not as if this cannot be done. See the measures that the government of Kerala with far fewer resources already announced a few days ago. It has announced the distribution of free food grains to everybody in the state. Restaurants to provide food at subsidised rates are being set up on a war footing. Food for anganwadi children are being delivered at home. Those who are under quarantine at home and who find it difficult to access food will also be provided food. Today Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan announced more measures Im mentioning only those with regard to food security. Everybody who will find it difficult to sustain themselves if they cant go to work on a daily basis including daily wage workers senior citizens staying without anybody of working age at home and disabled people will be identified. Wardlevel committees of panchayats and municipalities will do this work with the additional help of volunteers. The committees and volunteers will ensure that the needy will receive food and medicine and do other necessary help. There are also homeless people who sleep in shop verandahs roadsides etc. Each panchayat / municipality will identify such people put them up together in one facility and provide them food and space to sleep. MLAs have been asked to check the availability of food grains in shops as well as to help in identifying senior citizens staying alone. The central government with vastly more resources than state governments can do much more. But it needs to have a basic commitment to the people first. Courtesy Subin Dennis. Morale. [Funny] An aspiring politicians poor timing to further his career. Best time to develop a hobby.: In these 21 days youve got not excuses of going out. Its the right time to develop disciplined approach towards a hobby like meditation yoga reading or anything that involves staying home. . Quarantined Indian millennials How has your everyday schedule changed during this apocalypse: [removed]. Quarantined Indian millennials How has your schedule change during apocalypse: [removed]. India Today. Dear customers we are not operational due to restrictions imposed by local authorities on the movement of goods in spite of clear guidelines issued by central authorities to enable essential services Big basket: https//i.imgur.com/MfEd74W.jpg Flipkart has closed and they arent even trying at the moment Big Basket is working with the authorities so that they can provide the essential services. Supr daily that delivers milk and other fresh products daily is not receiving orders due to lockdown. Amazon is the only one that is still accepting orders for more essential goods. There might be other similar services. The response by governments is always bungled. There is coordination communication is not clear but most importantly the administration never thinks of the hardships faced by common citizens until the anger of common citizens boils over. No wonder we have people taking law into their own hands so often and believing in baseless rumors. Because our governments are completely capable of fucking over people. All this in spite of the fact that home delivery of goods is the best way of fighting this problem. There are truck drivers already stuck and suffering in various parts of the countries while cops cant use brain or are not allowed to use them by even bigger brain politicians. And this is not a party issue. This is the apathy of government/administration in general. Is there a solution to it I dont want to call helplines to complain about it for obvious reasons. None of the Indian news publications ever provide email id or any contact information of their journalists so impossible to connect with them as well. I dont know why media isnt coming after governments for a complete lack of coordination between central and local authorities.. Yeah really.. Reassurance needed: [removed]. Aaj Tak Live TV News In Hindi. Lockdown LPT If you have multiple smartphones in your house keep one aside if possible. Repairs amp purchases may not possible.: Ensure your contacts are backed up as well on the Cloud in email or actually write some down on a piece of paper Do the same for your workstations as well. And it might come in handy to lend the phone to someone who is in dire need as well. Youll end up reducing electricity consumption as well even if by a very small margin Use of older non smart phones will be a great break for those who want to take a break from the constant barrage of social media amp this horrible news cycle as well. First day of Lockdown in our city/Andhra Pradesh. First day of Lockdown in our city. 48 Covid19 patients recover across India slight dip in new cases:  The Covid19 outbreak claimed two more victims a 65year old Mumbai resident and another one in Delhi even though the rush of new infections slowed a bit to 64 on Tuesday from 99 the previous day.. What situation can we expect after the 21 day lock down: The 21 day lockdown appeal by PM Modi is an amazing initiative. It was needed as 14 hours isnt enough. What are the possibilities of things to get back to normal or if not that then the situations to get better and the cases to go down Can one expect gyms supermarkets theatres transport services etc to reopen I believe if they still dont open the economic loss would be unbearable and might have a bad impact on the markets. So I think things should improve what are your views. India should try this to decrease the spread. I applaud the police and medical staffs hard efforts. We are working hard to pause it instead of going offensive on covid19 like south korea. Hope the civil servents of UPSE ie the IAS amp IPS with others opt a more active than basically house arrest.. Which states would run out of hospital beds if Covid19 count rises. Follow quarantine or will have to order ShootonSight. Coronavirus Racism Stop attacking the people from Northeast India The Quint. A song for the racists Corona Edition. Coronavirus Return of 64000 from abroad forced lockdown. Live Coronavirus Pandemic Stats Real Time Counter by Roylab Stats. The best source I found yet.. Indias poorest fear hunger may kill us before coronavirus. Coronavirus. India China discuss joint Covid19 fight. COVID19 Patient Dies In Tamil Nadu Number Of Coronavirus Deaths In India Now 11. Karan Johar sings Lag Jaa Gale during Twitter Antakshari Smriti Irani says wrong song during corona. Sit the fuck inside: Guys please sit the fuck inside go out to buy essentials and stuff but please dont roam the streets like your Dora the fucking explorer. Please explain this to the vegetable sellers and shopkeepers near your place and also help them financially.. Coronavirus tweets from Indian authorities. HUL ITC Godrej make soaps hand sanitiser cheaper Lifebuoy Savlon Protekt get affordable again. Why are sellers on Amazon India still selling surgical masks at a much higher price when prices have been capped by Govt. : [removed]. COVID19 Stats 25/03/2020. Coronavirus Amazon Flipkart Big Basket Grofers Struggle to Deliver Essentials in India Because of Lockdown. The perils of an allout lockdown. This lockdown is a massive opportunity to shift public behavior. What else should we be doing: 1.2 Billion people under lockdown. I doubt it has ever happened in human history. And these are people who hopefully will be listening to official messages seriously during this time. What opportunity to educate influence and shape the countrys future. What would you want the messages to be Starting with some on my mind... 1. Teach people about other religions and practices try and increase tolerance. 2. Teach good hygiene practices for everything at home not just washing hands. 3. Teach first aid and good nutrition. 4. Start a live national workout session on TV. Get a billion people doing jumping jacks. 5. Some essential life hacks videos 6. Teach people about giving space / not crowding bring back those 1 hand distance lessons from school This could be huuuuuge for where we go as a nation. If used well.. First positive case in ludhiana. A must listen song by Bohemia.. Remember that State and Central Governments failed to respond and that this is a Kneejerk reaction to this pandemic. Police beating citizens is wrong and them blaming citizens is not right.: We had almost 50 days to prepare since the Wuhan lockdown. No one gave a fuck. Thermal screenings were too late. Data collection of foreign travellers was not done properly. Proper implementation of lockdown that could have helped the preparation of citizens was not done. Im from South so let me share my perspective. Andhra Jagan declared a lockdown on the night of Janta Curfew. The next day people went out because they thought it would be for 1 day but they needed essentials for 10 more days. Cops started beating left and right. When argued they said that Citizens should understand that this is for our own good and that beatings are better than Corona. Im against assault very strongly. I think with some early planning this should could have been subverted. Telangana Today KCR said he will consider ordering Shoot at sight if the people dont listen. Thats pretty fucked up if you ask me. He failed to take proper action with Hyderabad airport being an important one. Now Telangana is 3rd or 4th no. of cases wise AFAIK. Hyderabad also had problem with Cops beating essential supply shop peeps and Doctors. Karnataka Im not well versed with their politics but I heard that they were blocking essential supplies. Bangalore was a high risk city. Yet the government didnt give shit about IT companies which were the first detected cases while many of them were open. Also I think they should have entered into a lockdown when those first few cases were detected. My point is the governments could have acted in a better way. Now in this knee jerk response they are not helping those geniune few who are coming out but are creating a strain on the hospitals when those beatings get bad. I know people can be ignorant and shitty. But if we dont have some self respect these leaders and enforcers are gonna stay the same. If shit hits the fan remember that it could have been better if the govt. did something earlier instead of beating citizens.. You or your parent will die L0N [sad n serious]. Is there anything positive you feel can come out of this pandemic: [removed]. Big Bazaar is offering home delivery in some places. Take care everyone. Forward to people who may need.: Check twitter big bazaar handle. Take a look at Big Bazaar BigBazaar https//twitter.com/BigBazaar. Finally some good fucking news. Measures taken by government for containment of COVID19: [removed]. Clear me these things about this lockdown: Tell me these things if we are not allowed to go outside how can we buy the essentials they told us that we can get from kirana shops. Wouldnt the uneducated police beat us unnecessarily what about rationing restrictions People will simply hoard things. Creating shortage what about production Where from the new food will come from will not gathering at kirana stores bcoz certain fixed times will ensure more crowd thereby increasing chances of infection Educated people here tell me... No need to panic. Stay Indoors Stay Safe. Rightwing lawyer/activist sues China for 20 trillion in damages.. I am creating a crowd sourced documentary about the Coronavirus outbreak. Im looking for volunteers with unique perspectives or have been uniquely impacted by the outbreak to create regular video updates from their phones or computers to capture what it is like to live in this strange moment.. No need to panic over lockdown. Stay Indoors Stay Safe.. What will we eat labourers and people from unorganised sectors stare at uncertain future. Excellent article about what the state should do to counter the economic effects of COVID. The Hindu 24 Mar 2020. Ecommerce companies face disruption as India locks down to curb coronavirus. Karma Is Bitch: I Know this is Not a Right Time to say This...But Remember 5 August 2019 when Article 370 was revoked and J amp K was Lockdown. Some people are Supporting the Govt. decision and Proud of the decision of Govt. Now Karma has returned the favour to them by this 21 Day Lockdown by the Same Govt. Although I support this 21 day Lockdown because of the critical situation Now they Feel the pain of those who are Locked down for 7 months and what is like to be Locked in their own Home and Feel like a prisoner...On the other hand Stay at home and follow this 21 day lockdown seriously because Coming days are gonna be crucial... Via WA. How COVID diagnostic kits work. Stay Home Stay Safe India 21 days Lockdown. Penalties for obstructing Lockdown.. We were talking about the possibility that china did this epidemic on purpose and then my friend sent me this gem.. Mereko aisa dhak dhak hotai re baba. What about pet stores at this time: There are a couple of pet stores near my home and Ive observed they are shut since the last 34 days. Now with this lockdown what happens to the poor animals will they be taken home or let to die in the store Birds can be freed but what about cats dogs and other small animals. Really breaks my heart thinking about this.. How do I help the needy manage food/essentials during this lockdown: While my source of earnings are not hit as I work from home the poor and needy will definitely be hit bad due to the 21 days of lockdown. What can I do to serve meals for at least some folks and how The challenges involve sourcing groceries identifying the needy physically going out and distributing while practicing social distancing and of course keeping myself safe How to tackle them Moreover are these activities prohibited in the coming days If there are organisations that are already helping the needy in these times how do I volunteer / contribute. Indian redditors if there was one thing you could do before the lockdown what would it be. Hi How are we supposed to get groceries when police start hitting u with their lathis the moment they see u on road without asking any questions. Theyve also forced the shut downs of several grocery stores in our area.: [removed]. Kya ye sahi h. This is the time to act with solidarity and not panic. Someone in the Megathread had posted a comment from twitter of volunteering and helping the older people during such times. Thought I would share it here too. Mods can delete it if its not appropriate to post here.. In the wake of Corona virus authorities should encourage home delivery not hinder it. What is wrong with India. [meme] Interesting day. This is the time to act with solidarity and not panic. Someone in the Megathread had posted a comment from twitter of volunteering and helping the older people during such times. Thought I would share it here too. Mods can delete it if its not appropriate to post here.. In the wake of Corona Virus Indian authorities should aid home delivery and not hinder it. Lack is common sense by authorities. COVID19 Stats 24/03/2020. A new testing procedure to tackle the limited supply of testing kits for COVID19. Please share your thoughts.:  Cant we mix samples of n people with same blood group and test it. If it comes negative all these n people are negative and only 1 test kit was used. OW we can divide the sample in two parts and test again.This will be like binary search for corona virus and no. of test kits required will be reduced to the log of no of people to be tested. This will helo usndo extensive testing using limited resources which is the need of the hour.. Whos braving it out all alone: Due to the lockdown I couldnt go back to my hometown. Im all alone at my home which at times is getting to me but otherwise its fine thanks to social media. I havent yet started talking to objects. not a good idea to watch I am legend I found out. Anyone else in same situation. This is the time to act with solidarity and not panic. Someone in the Megathread had posted a comment from twitter of volunteering and helping the older people during such times. Thought I would share it here too. Mods can delete it if its not appropriate to post here.. Indian police on full rampage due to coronavirus on people defying ban.. Youll be at home for the next 3 weeks. Know how you can make it productive.: Our honourable prime minister Mr. Modi recently announced a 21days lockdown in order to prevent covid19 from spreading. Lets fight this virus together by staying at home and making the best out of our quality time. Ive got some ideas to utilize the time while being at home. I hope theyll help you too. Indoor workout Plan your diet and take care of your body. Its much easier to do it now that there is no outside food to distract you anymore. Go to your room turn on the songs and start dancing. Watch YouTube videos and learn some cool steps to flaunt later. You can also download an android or ios app for home workout to keep yourself in shape. Family time Right. I said it. Weve spent enough time with colleagues and friends. Its time to know them who knows you better than anyone else out there. Show some respect towards your parents and thank them for being by your side in such hard times. Take an online course Brush up your skills or follow your passion. Download a free course from udemy HubSpot or any other online teaching firm and practice something you like or something that would help you with your career in future. DIY Do it yourself The more time you spend at home the more youll realise how much work there is to be done With all the spare time on your hands theres no better time to start filtering through all those odd jobs that you just never got around to. Whether its time to repaint the skirting boards or to drill a hole in the wall and finally hang the mirror up see what other DIY tasks you can find whilst youre selfisolating. Cook Since you wont be able to order your favourite food its time to learn how to cook it all by yourself. Go on and try as much recipes as possible. YouTube is all yours to explore Movie/Series marathon Weve all got atleast 2 such friends who are dying to suggest us their favourite movies and series no matter which genre we prefer theyve always got some good suggestions for us. Now is the right time to text them. Medidate Last and most important thing. With everyone going crazy out there and panicking its really important to keep your mind refreshed. The best thing to do that is by meditating. You can find lots of easy ways to meditate online on YouTube or you can simply close your eyes and start concentrating on your breath. Isolate yourself from everyone for few minutes turn on a relaxing music and just loose yourself with the flow of beats. Thanks for being a responsible citizen and all the best for your fight against Covid19. Take care . Two types of people Quarantining: [removed]. Two Types or People Quarantining: [removed]. India: [removed]. Coronavirus How safe are newspapers WHO clarifies. Be safe. Stay at home and learn something to make a better after corona world. PM Modi announces 21days lockdown as COVID19. Will be forced to issue shoot at sight orders if people defy lockdown KCR. Still cant believe people went outside the other day.... Is it possible flight ban is extended : [removed]. Lockdown is great I am very concerned about the cows and stray dogs: Hello everyone ampx200B As you may know from my previous post here a while ago I am a Canadian but I came to India part of a contract from January. Dont worry I dont have covid 19. Ive been feeding the stray animals and cows owned by people that roam around the street whenever I get a chance. Which became a habit so my Indian friend who stays with me helped me with it buy cooking and serving the dogs and buying bananas for the cows everyday for like 500 rupees. Weve been feeding them everyday and the sweethearts would show up exactly on time every night. However the lockdown for 21 days which is a good thing got me wondering how are we going to feed these animals. The last hand of bananas we bought last night were all finished and the cows which have owners dont seem to feed them well seemed very hungry. These cows Ive seen them rely on the street veggie markets and other left overs but still taken away to milk every morning. I am so sad for them cuz we didnt have anything more to feed them. Will the owners of these cows understand the situation that theres nothing for them to eat in their usual places and up their feed Any ideas on what else we can somehow buy to feed them for the next 21 days. I will be in India for another few months before I head home to Canada. Any thoughts and suggestions are welcome and please if you can feed the stray animals like the cows crow dogs cats.. Delhi CM Relief Fumd. What are the different ways we can help daily wagers during this curfew Rickshaw pullers beggars autorickshaw drivers sweepers: [removed]. In all this doom and gloom a silver lining AQI numbers from Delhi. In many Bengaluru areas police force grocery stores water supply units to shut. Please check the twitter handle of your state CM/ Government: New Delhi and U.P. Chief Ministers have given our their respective statements that there wont be a shortage of food and milk in the localities In U.P. the C.M has assured door to door delivery. I am sure other State Authorities have put similar guidelines as well Make sure you share it with your families in those Whatsapp groups. Please check the twitter handles of your respective State level authorities and the rest of the guidelines will be provided there. Stay Safe and Stay at home.. Coronavirus Amazon Flipkart Big Basket Grofers Struggle to Deliver Essentials in India Because of Lockdown. What he actually wanted to say.. Covid19 Grocery shops milk booths pharmacies to operate during 21day lockdown says Centre. Social distancing at stall of vegetable vendor in Village called Talegoan Dabhade near Pune in Maharashtra.... 21 years before i.e.1999....ahh I miss those days they were wonderful. We had everything back then that we have now and life was actually great.....: He makes it out as if it is bad to go back 21 years but the summer of 1999 was the best ever. When the biggest problem the world was facing was the dreaded y2k and a total reset of 000 and all the airplanes would fall off from the sky.... Young millenials prolly wud find it silly but those days we still had a machine called dial up modem which we used to connect to the internet and Hotmail was the coolest thing out there and Yahoo messenger. Ahh those were the best days of my life the summer of 1999.. The maids and servants who are locked in should not have their salaries cut.: These 3 weeks are going to be terrible for domestic helpers who will be locked in their houses. It is essential that that those of us who are working from home and getting paid make sure we pay those who looked after our houses for so long. Cutting their money will not only be needlessly cruel but also contribute to creating conditions that can lead to further infections Had to get it off my chest.. India Lockdown going out just to my car: [removed]. [Annexure ] Guidelines on the Measures to be taken for containment of COVID19 Ministry of Home Affairs dated 24032020. Why do some people ignore social distancing A qualitative essay on how a social distancing skepticists mind works.: [removed]. A simple app to self test if you potentially have corona virus infection. Ham sab bhagwan hai.. Kisi ki jaan hi toh bacha rahe. Our PM loves pandemonium IMO: Im sorry to say so but this is exactly how it comes across. When he knows theres a population of a billion hearing him live most of whom are poor hungry and not educated enough to distinguish between lockdown and curfew a bit of an initial stress on not panicking and rushing to buy groceries and essentials for 21 days within the first 5 minutes of his speech tonight would have been great. No keep stressing on 12 O Clock midnight shutdown raise your eyebrows and say nothing of essential needs. Within five minutes of 21 day total nationwide lockdown being mentioned cars that were quietly parked inside their gates in my neighborhood were being pulled out on to the streets one after another. I let it pass initally and waited for fifteen patient minutes myself hoping hell say something about groceries and essentials but nope In the end I assumed given his past record we are on our own again And with that my own education came in line with everyone else thinking he hasnt bothered to mention essentials Ill lose time if I wait I have nothing in the fridge because I trusted this guy. So I rushed to my local market and there everyone else equally or more educated out there forming long winding and confused queues in front of grocery stores and marts 1 meter safeguard brushed aside now rubbing each others shoulders within inches eager and impatient to get inside before everyone else hoards away some with masks many without as they came out in a rush many curiously asking the grocers if they will be open or not tomorrow kyunki Modiji ne bataya sab band Grocers too sounding completely ambiguous some nodding their heads in that Indian way so one cant make out others saying they will wait and see. One of the prominent grocer that runs a popular local mart and enjoys the biggest customer base had handed out parchees to people beforehand and only those people who had them were allowed to come inside. Suddenly those little chits from a Classmate Notebook looked like gold to me. Like wow I just thought of the sudden favoritism during Holocaust etc where certain lives are just discarded in favor of others. Finally I returned left the market without anything just crossing my fingers. Luckily I spotted a vegetable vendors cartonwheels on my way back who was still selling some goods on the move so I packed in some veggies for four days and returned. Back inside Mirror Now was informing that there is no need to panic as all essentials and medics will remain functional. Phew Yet though I had my dinner after that the anxiety had made me hungrier than ever and even now I remain hungry while typing this. As for lovely Corona only time will tell if she sneaked in. Interestingly one of the channels editor mentioned and I am merely paraphrasing him PM Modi did not spend sufficient time explaining that people need not rush after essentials these will be provided. He only made a passing mention. He should have stressed it more. Indeed. Heavens Is it so difficult to remember that if you keep telling a 1.4 B hungry population about how important the lockdown is while making the speech so grave in tone that everyone thinks it is basically a curfew while raising those eyebrows like Tywin Lannister for added effect that people will wait for you to finish that everyone wont panic and head for the stores Now nationwide people have forgotten all the caution we were supposed to take because the PM forgot to give enough importance to some primal needs in his speech during its first fiveten minutes while making it sound like there is just a few hours to go and grab what you can. For real tho: Could We Be Living Under Coronavirus Forever by Karen Frances Eng https//link.medium.com/Vk2PwuLA74. After the coronavirus pandemic now there is a Hantavirus outbreak in china: https//nenow.in/health/aftercoronapandemicnewhantavirusappearsinchina.html/ampaoh15850711731087ampampct1585071194298ampcsi1ampreferrerhttps3A2F2Fwww.google.comampamptfFrom2025124s Stay safe .Stay indoors.. Services available during the 21day lockdown period. Despite Maharashtra lockdown labourers rushing to leave Mumbai Pune in jampacked buses face coronavirus threat Firstpost. Services available during the 21 days lockdown. Services available during the 21 days lockdown. tips during lockdown: [removed]. Not OC. Pornhub to offer free premium subscriptions in india. Gubbars Asli Pasand Social Distancing. People working in food industry the government or supply chain in general when do you expect relative normalcy to return with respect to buying groceries: People are panic buying from grocery shops that are open rest of the grocery shops are shutdown bigbasket amazon etc are not delivering food anymore. I cant help but feel its only a matter of time before zomato and swiggy also cave in. Too many incoming stories right now from friends relatives parents who live by themselves etc and of their plight of not able to go and buy anything. I understand its because of a sudden surge in demand but I feel helpless. Can anyone shed some light on some of the measures that are ongoing to mitigate this. Corona Virus. Next few weeks. Corona Virus. Be Responsible Watch Pirated/Downloaded Content and Save Internet Bandwidth: While this is somewhat in jest What indirect steps we can take to help the situation. Staying in homes is a given amp direct action. LIVE Coronavirus Pandemic Counter Dashboard Map USA India country wise data. Enough of Corona Memes make some way for the newly developed Chinese virus the Hantavirus.. From tomorrow vegetables milk fruits medicines and other essential commodities will be delivered to your door steps for which we have identified more than 10000 vehicles. I appeal to you to not go to market to buy essential items CM Yogi Adityanath. Covid19 selfassessment test by Apollo based on WHO guidelines. Telangana police attacked doctors during first day of janta curfew.. PM Narendra Modis address to the nation on vital aspects relating to COVID19 menace. Dont listen to experts. Wear a mask: There has been lit of information that health ones should not wear a mask. It is not that you will not get infected but to only save masks for the hall care workers. Mask cant be simple make as well. A cloth can give you better protection than wearing nothing at all. https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/17/opinion/coronavirusfacemasks.html. Modi speaking against his own bhakts could give you an idea about the gravity of the situation.. Too little too late too incompetent.:  In a country where close to 20 crore people go to sleep hungry everyday the government shows exceptional faith in the ability of the common man to procure 21 days worth of ration in 4 hours. This nostalgia inducing move is enough to make people think about who are these saathis that the Prime Minister keeps on talking about. Is she the woman that was asked to vacate due to her hostel being turned into an emergency ward Is he the man that was beaten up by on the way to get milk and then paraded on the media for the same Or is she the doctor and also a mother of 2 who was harassed so much by the police that she was forced to eat lunch in her ward even though her home was a five minute drive away. All of these three are people that I personally know but may soon become a mould into which your near and dear may fall into in the next three weeks. It is perhaps futile to comment or criticise anything because all constructive opinions are these days seen as sedition and antiestablishment when presented to anyone capable of turning things around. Even the media has turned into a repetitive show of a lover showering praises on his beloved who can do and say no wrong. Were already behind and I must plead everyone reading this to proactively getting tested. Every plea and recommendation by the government is coming a week late and as the educated populace we should be looking to take steps before they become do or die situations. It will be inconvenient but the moment it is possible please get yourself tested. Assuming of course that we dont have the same deficit of testing machinery as we do now. I do have the following questions and itll be indebted to anyone who can answer them 1. What steps have been taken to ensure there is not blacket marketing and profiteering 2. Why is there a need for a separate Corona War Chest How much of it will be funded using the money that would normally be used to run services like the railways What part of it will have to be a bill that the common man will foot. 3. Would valuable guidance on how to procure groceries in these trying times have taken too much air time 4. How do the authorities plan to differentiate between law breakers and people who are as desperate to get back home as they are to stay out 5. Will I also be beaten up made to wear placards and my photo circulated on various platforms if I go to fetch groceries while both my parents are on duty I write this not in my capacity as a dissenter or a critic. Im writing this standing in the shoes of someone who has both his guardians in the medical service. An incredibly small yet significant population which if you havent already guessed is incredibly stressed and atrisk. The same population who when or if this ends will need a regimen of drugs twice as long as compared to symptomatic patients. And for anyone who needs to read this Just because you have a badge doesnt mean you can treat people any way you like and as a law enforcement officer strikethrough personnel you have an obligation to be more ethically upstanding than the average man not less.. Enjoy Peeps: [removed]. Are loan installments be postponed for the month :  since theres is no source of income for most of the businessman and employees in private sector enough for the emi and loan installments. Home Ministry guidelines for lock down specifics essential exceptions and punishments. GO KARUNA GO KARUNA KARUNA GO StayHomeStaySafe. CAN COVID19 INFECTION SPREAD THROUGH SWEAT: [removed]. Global Coronavirus COVID19 Live Tracker. This is contradictory. How else are we supposed to buy groceries now One cant even step outside of their houses according to PM Modi. So how are we supposed to buy groceries from kirana stores either This is quite disturbing with mixed directions from the government authorities. [FUN] Ramdas Athawale Go Corona Remix. Lockdown Guidelines what will remain open and whats closed. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. Social Distancing is cool guys. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal: Arvind Kejriwal State government will give Rs 5000 to every construction worker Arvind Kejriwal The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/stategovernmentwillgivers5000toeveryconstructionworkerarvindkejriwal/articleshow/74794380.cms. Grocery stores 2 hours before complete lockdown. Take a look at the list of essential services which will remain open during 21day nationwide lockdown.. Is this legit I got it on WhatsApp and it seems real sensible even. I just am not able to find the source for it.. Is this legit I got it on WhatsApp and it seems real sensible even. I just am not able to find the source for it.. Will be forced to issue shoot at sight orders if people dont obey curfew KCR. Pune People queuing outside grocery stores right now. Is this legit. Ganguly offers Eden to WB government for quarantine facilities. Please dont freak out Essential services will remain functional Avoid to step out tonight.: ANIS [Tweet]https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1242469980165140480 UPDATE All essential services to continue and remain functional. List of essential services remains unchanged since the March 22nd Janta Curfew Coronavirus lockdown Heres what counts as essential services Government departments Health police fire water electricity sanitation civil supply department employees would continue to work. While different governments have different arrangements around 75 per cent of employees from other departments have either put on paid leaves of rotational duties. Groceries and markets Groceries vegetables medicines milk are also essential commodities. Shops providing the same will remain open. Online grocery services would also be operational. Transport While states have shut down public transport for nonessential services public transport for essential services such as carrying food medicine ambulance oil supplies are functional. Staterun buses connecting places of strategic importance will also be operating. Petrol pumps LPG distribution agencies petrol stations and PDS distribution centres will be operational. Army While Indian Army has announced the reduction of personnel reporting to work security forces responsible for the internal and external security of the country are exempt from the restrictions. Media Print and electronic media including newspapers TV news websites radio stations employees will be allowed to report to work Communication Telecom and internet services including IT and ITenabled services will be operations. Postal services would also be operational. Banks While the full strength of all banks would not be operational employees would work on rotational basis. Bank services are effective online. Some banks have also set up helplines to help customers with emergency loans. Source [https//www.businesstoday.in/latest/trends/coronaviruslockdownhereswhatcountsasessentialservices/story/398987.html]https//www.businesstoday.in/latest/trends/coronaviruslockdownhereswhatcountsasessentialservices/story/398987.html. Modi just announced a 3 week shutdown of the country. Heres a reminder for why this decision and social distancing in general is necessary: [removed]. Offences and Penalties under the Disaster Management Act 2005 that would be applicable under the current lockdown in the country.. Dr. Sikha Pawar Sarvodaya Hospital Director message to prevent not get infected from corona virus. Police lathi charge people as corona virus. During 21 days lockdown if a family eats limited food 1 meal per day how much food will we be able to save for everyone even people in need : [removed]. Hodor. List of things which are open and closed during lockdown.. Be safe guys stay indoors and believe in MODI. Be glad that Indians use jet spray and not toilet paper.. Day 1 Of Lockdown Sees Confusion Over Rules. Home Deliveries Hit. Summary of Modis second address. For the best of everyone.. Quick clarification by Maharashtras CM . We have enough stock of essential commodities and food grains. Please do not panic.. India is under 21 days lockdown.. Indian police won the toss and choose to bat on account of the Coronavirus lockdown.: [removed]. Do not panic buy: Hi everyone Its really important to get essential things. Im Canada and here superstores are still since India doesnt have many superstores everywhere so Itd be hard for everyone to buy everything. Things that might help you during this quarantine according to me are Powdered milk Snacks Eggs Cooking essentials Pasta Maggi of course Rice Add on to the list for help. Stay home stay safe.. This is corona related right. Stay home Stay safe.. Dont forget about your pets: If you are stocking up on food for yourself then your dogs/cats/pets needs food aswell. Get pedigree/cat food/ pet supplies/medicines too. Narendra Modi announces 21day lockdown of India. Indias prime minister orders lockdown of country of 1.3 billion people for 21 days. HentaVirus: [removed]. Relax and be at home. 21 Day Lockdown for India from tonight 12.: [removed]. 21 Day Lockdown for India from tonight 12.: [removed]. Starting Midnight No One Must Leave Home For 21 Days PM On Coronavirus. Lakshman Rekha.  : [removed]. Laxmi chit fund. PLEA to change the name of the subreddit to INDIA DIVIDED WE STAND at least during the coronavirus outbreak.: Doctors and health care officials confirmed that the only way to fight this virus is to practise social distancing. We should be physically divided not united during this crisis.. Amazon Deliveries during lockdown: Uhhhh so will Amazon still be delivering packages I was thinking about getting a PS4 but not sure if I should be ordering if I wont get it for 21 days.. EMI payments for Self employed People: [removed]. UPDATE All essential services to continue and remain functional. List of essential services remains unchanged since the March 22nd Janta Curfew Coronavirus. Indians right now. Total Nationwide Lockdown for 21 days till 14th april. India under 21Day Lockdown from Midnight. Scene at the general provision store after PMs announcement. 21 days lockdown. India under complete lockdown. Starting 24 March 0000hrs. Link to PM Modis address to nation.. mEmE. corona. Dont make Coronavirus happy by Clapping and Celebrating OUTSIDE your house. The whole purpose of jantacurfew was almost defeated to see so many people coming on roads and celebrating it like a festival. STAY INSIDE. . 21 days main Corona khatam. Next 21 days gonna get tough. Reliance to pay twice to those employees who earn below 30000. What is Indias stimulus package in response to the coronavirus pandemic: [removed]. India goes into nationwide lockdown of 21 days starting 12AM tomorrow.. Pets shouldnt die inside shops in COVID19 lockdown Animal welfare board to state govts. [Question] what about essentials like milk bread from tomorrow until 21 days of total lockdown in India: [removed]. Rs 15000 crore allotted for Coronavirus testing facilities PPEs ICUs Ventilators and training medical workers PM Modi. India goes into 21 days curfew: [removed]. India under 21 days lockdown...: [removed]. 21 days curfew: So yeah 21 days curfew has been imposed. People couldnt tolerate a day of this situation but it has been extended so long. Take care of your mental health. PM Modi officially announced that from 12pm midnightMar 24 India will be under lockdown from 21 days. Please do your part and stay at home so we inhibit the growth of CoViD19 in our country.. India lockdown extended upto April 14th.. India led the world in eradicating two silent killers Small Pox and Polio. India has tremendous capacities all countries have tremendous capacities when communities and civil societies are mobilized WHO Executive Director Dr Michael J Ryan. Its Quarantine time. India under lockdown for 21 days. Cant believe Im going to say this but: Thank you Mr. Modi. This is what was needed and Im glad its being done. People following his advice is a different story though.... Coronavirus Live Updates Threeweek national lockdown from midnight says PM Modi. Update: [removed]. A 47yearold woman with no recent history of foreign travel tests positive for COVID19 in Noida Officials. 21 days complete lockdown in India.: PM Modiji has issued a complete lockdown in the country from 25th March 1200 am for 21days. To be more stricter than Janta Curfew.. All India Lockdown: [removed]. India lockdown: [removed]. India Locked down for next 21 Days. All nut april starts as 21 day lockdown is now enforced in India: whatever it takes. India to be on lockdown for 21 days: [removed]. India completely locked down due to coronavirus.: [removed]. Starting midnight tonight India is locked down. You cannot leave your home.: Every state and Union Territory will be locked and citizens wont be able to come out of their homes.. Sunlo yaar cycle ko thodo.. Should the N95 Mask be washed before reuse: My dad works in a bank and has to use one of these N95 masks. The services have been declared as part of essential services and therefore he cannot skip work. Other guidelines like hand sanitizers and distancing at evening followed. I am not sure if the mask can be reused everyday or should they somehow be cleaned or should he use one of the cloth masks. I am really concerned and would really appreciate if someone can clarify this. I have put the link from which I bought the masks. [3M Particulate Respirator 8210 N95 Mask NIOSH Approved Pack of 1]https//www.amazon.in/dp/B003B39QEO/refcmswrotherapaiVIHEEbFN8VJN0. Should the N95 Mask be washed before reuse: My dad works in a bank and has to use one of these N95 masks. The services have been declared as part of essential services and therefore he cannot skip work. Other guidelines like hand sanitizers and distancing at evening followed. I am not sure if the mask can be reused everyday or should they somehow be cleaned or should he use one of the cloth masks. I am really concerned and would really appreciate if someone can clarify this. I have put the link from which I bought the masks. [3M Particulate Respirator 8210 N95 Mask NIOSH Approved Pack of 1]https//www.amazon.in/dp/B003B39QEO/refcmswrotherapaiVIHEEbFN8VJN0. Should the N95 Mask be washed before reuse: My dad works in a bank and has to use one of these N95 masks. The services have been declared as part of essential services and therefore he cannot skip work. Other guidelines like hand sanitizers and distancing at evening followed. I am not sure if the mask can be reused everyday or should they somehow be cleaned or should he use one of the cloth masks. I am really concerned and would really appreciate if someone can clarify this. I have put the link from which I bought the masks. [3M Particulate Respirator 8210 N95 Mask NIOSH Approved Pack of 1]https//www.amazon.in/dp/B003B39QEO/refcmswrotherapaiVIHEEbFN8VJN0. From WikiPedia A timeline of Covid19 in India. Stay at home message from heroes of Government Medical College Srinagar.. Stay at home message from Heroes of Govt Medical College Srinagar.. Republic TV reporter is harassing on duty medical staff and misleading viewers: Hello r/india. Im an employee of ESIC. Those of you who dont know about this organization please visit here[ESIC]https//www.esic.nic.in/aboutus . ESIC provides medical and cash benefits to the insured employees and their dependants. It is a statutory body under Ministry of Labour and Employment GOI. Now coming to the incident. This reporter named Jitendar Chouhan without having a basic knowledge about the department is barking like dog. The person who is said to be using fake id is the Medical Superintendent of ESIC Model hospital noida Dr Anish Singhal. He showed his card and this stupid journalist continued barking saying its a card of an insurance companyye insurance company nahi hai bewakoof. He also mixed ESIC with EPFO. Even the police looked confused. These guys didnt even see the card properly. Even the non medical staffs have the same card. He doesnt even know about the organization with 100 hospitals 8 medical colleges and more than 1000 dispensaries across the country. Such shameful acts by these journalists is really disappointing. Youtube [Link]https//youtu.be/u11VKYPgX2U. never tried to understand the song but it feels like magic. Sairaat Title Song: [removed]. Pune based molecular diagnostic company develops Indias first covid19 testing kit. Coronavirus Doctor cries shares trauma and problems I. Alexa play har ghadi badal rahi hai roop zindagi. Should government forego all debts of first responders of corona outbreak: [removed]. Ugaadi Pachchadi Ram Gopal Varma on Twitter[Telugu translated in comments]. PLEASE UNDERSTAND THE SERIOUSNESS OF CORONA VIRUS.. Welcoming corona in style . Punjab police can teach the world how to make sure people dont break rules under lockdown part 1. Small Island Near Mumbai First In World To Go Into SelfQuarantine. COVID Test amp Quarantine fund.: Government should announce a fund to be used strictly for procurement of test kits. It should put a sizeable amount of its tax receipts into this. People should be allowed and pleaded to donate in their capacity as willfully as they beat poor utensils. Government should use it to test everyone and Quarantine. Test kit needed 1.3 B Cost 1.3 T INR Indias annual tax revenue 25 T Im sure my math is wrong and thats a lot of money spent on a very specific thing but we cant afford to lose so many lives at any cost.. Challenge is... CM Kejriwal after no new Covid19 case in Delhi in 24 hrs. [OC] COVID19 outbreak data for Tamil Nadu as of today Source Official twitter handle of the Minister for Health and Family Welfare Government of Tamil Nadu: Since 17th March 2020 [the official twitter handle of the Minister for Health and Family Welfare Government of Tamil Nadu]https//twitter.com/Vijayabaskarofl has been releasing the data concerning the COVID19 outbreak in Tamil Nadu. The numbers till today tabulated can be seen [here]https//imgur.com/HkRcwIZ. The trend of positive cases and the total samples tested seen [here]https//imgur.com/HlnoRFf.. Man dies from hantavirus All you need to know about the virus OnlyScoop. Sack Smriti Irani Piyush Goyal Congress To PM Before 8 pm Address. India has tremendous capacity in eradicating coronavirus pandemic says WHO Michael Ryan. Mumbai Police on Todays Horoscope. Guj govt to promote all students of Classes 1 to 9 and 11 without exams amid COVID19 crisis Official. Corona virus is not an excuse for racism against North East Indians: For a long time we the people of north east India has been discriminated because of the way we look but i think it is getting out of hand now especially with the rise of COVID19. I have friends outside in Mainland India who has personally experienced this and are truely devastated by this. A few days ago 9 Nagas were detained in Gujarat because they looked like Chinese people. They were then tested and mistreated even though they have been living there for years I think we are educated enough to know what is right and put an end to this. The funny thing is out of the hundreds of COVID19 cases registered in India ZERO cases have emerged from North East India.. Censured Indian Plant Gets USFDA Nod to Supply TrumpTouted Drug. 506 coronavirus cases in India Maharashtra Kerala top list ICMR data. AIIMS Says Many Doctors Forcibly Evicted by Landlords Fearing Coronavirus Stranded on Roads News18. Indian police implementing lockdown. Medical association asks for protection during this crisis. Sigh. People defying lock down orders putting every life on risk stay in ins.... First MadeinIndia COVID19 test kit by Mylab gets commercial approval:  https//m.businesstoday.in/story/firstmadeinindiacovid19testkitbymylabgetscommercialapproval/1/399007.htmlutmsourcetwitteramputmmediumWAP. First MadeinIndia COVID19 test kit by Mylab gets commercial approval:  https//m.businesstoday.in/story/firstmadeinindiacovid19testkitbymylabgetscommercialapproval/1/399007.htmlutmsourcetwitteramputmmediumWAP. First MadeinIndia COVID19 test kit by Mylab gets commercial approval:  https//m.businesstoday.in/story/firstmadeinindiacovid19testkitbymylabgetscommercialapproval/1/399007.htmlutmsourcetwitteramputmmediumWAP. First MadeinIndia COVID19 test kit by Mylab gets commercial approval:  https//m.businesstoday.in/story/firstmadeinindiacovid19testkitbymylabgetscommercialapproval/1/399007.htmlutmsourcetwitteramputmmediumWAP. coronavirus Trolling and namecalling of the people suffering from corona virus has to stop: not justifying stupidity of people spreading the virus. but The family that was tested positive in Jabalpur Madhya Pradesh is being trolled restlessly. People are circulating news that they died and laughing. People from north eastern states are being called corona. My point is we are making this disease like a taboo. I know people are stupid but its not right to make someone feel like scum just because they have been tested positive for corona virus. If we keep doing this then people will think of this as badnaami and will keep running from the hospitals and keep hiding their symptoms even if they are very sick. thoughts . This is what happens when you dont prepare people with all seriousness:  [https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia51997488]https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia51997488. First made in India COVID 19 test kit. Hantavirus Kills Man in China Heres What You Should Know About This Disease. Hantavirus Coronavirus in China Another New Virus Hantavirus. Coronavirus Testing pace: Now that a few private labs in India have developed testing kits shouldnt the government focus on getting the production ramped up and mass testing. I am sure that ramped up production and testing will cost less to the government than a single extra day of lockdown.. A Local person discriminating a lady from Manipur by calling her Corona in Mumbai. Pune based Mylab Discovery Solutions Pvt Ltd has developed Indias first indigenous COVID19 testing kit that has been approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR.: ANI ANI Tweeted Maharashtra Pune based Mylab Discovery Solutions Pvt Ltd has developed Indias first indigenous COVID19 testing kit that has been approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR. A single kit costs Rs 80000 amp can test 100 patients. https//t.co/Ng5b3wRHh5 https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1242403081951645697s20. Pune based Mylab Discovery Solutions Pvt Ltd has developed Indias first indigenous COVID19 testing kit that has been approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR.: ANI ANI Tweeted Maharashtra Pune based Mylab Discovery Solutions Pvt Ltd has developed Indias first indigenous COVID19 testing kit that has been approved by the Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR. A single kit costs Rs 80000 amp can test 100 patients. https//t.co/Ng5b3wRHh5 https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1242403081951645697s20. India has enough food to feed poor if theres a prolonged coronavirus shutdown. The centre has asked states to impose curfew wherever necessary as some people continue to venture out despite the lockdown orders countrywide.. Join r/IndiaOnCovid19 . To discuss share support and combat fake news.. Quarantine day 4. India which led the world in eradicating two silent killers smallpox and polio has tremendous capacity in eradicating Corona virus pandemic executive director of WHO. ALERT After Corona pandemic new Hantavirus appears in China. Portrayal of pandemic: Not everybody can understand data and statistical forecast. Most visuals in news at least what I see on Indian news websites are graphs or images of heath workers. Do you think graphic images of people suffering or family members crying would make simpletons take this seriously I mean for us its always drama/emotions over reasoning right Sorry if I got it all wrong. I dont have access to local news.. Welp April 2020 teaser is out. Karnataka bracing to tackle 1 lakh COVID19 cases over time Deputy CM. When Covid19 enters Indias slums. My flight is during lockdown 30 and I need to go from Punjab to Delhi during lockdown what should I do: Hey guys Iam a Canadian citizen i have lots of family in India So we came to visit and do some work. Our flight back was in the 26th but was delayed and rescheduled to the 30th as the airports opens on the 29th. However I need to travel through 3 states during the lockdown. Will the police let me go Is there something I need to show to them as proof Iam really confused any advice will help Thanks.. How not to encourage physical distancing. IIT Guwahati researchers exploring ways to find COVID19 vaccine Times of India. Where can I find ethanol for commercially making hand sanitizer in Mumbai: I heard that licenses are now easy to get. Where can I get ethanol Which sugar factories sell it. Delhi Locals gather near the antiCAA protest site in Shaheen Bagh which was cleared by police today morning amid complete lockdown in the national capital to prevent the spread of Coronavirus. Please STAY AT HOME. Think of frontline workers families.: I am writing this with anxiety and fear of losing my loved ones. Covid19 will certainly effect many people in every aspect. Im here saying this with my family members being in frontline fighting coronavirus with limited resource. My mum is slipping into depression as my father will be going hospital daily while everyone is at home my brother who is in AIIMS as SR was briefed to work on covid19 patients my brotherinlaw is also a doctor who says people are just blocking OPD blocks just to get tested with no symptoms. I feel like my family has gone for war and may or may not return home alive. Please help them and dont over burden hospitals and PHC. Also educate people not to go to hospital for every minor symptoms. Stay home. Stay safe. God Bless. Thank you.. How long will this lockdown last: A month Two months How long before offices and schools and public services reopen. Reliance to make 1 lakh masks per day provide free meals across country. Go Corona Ft. Lady Rap Remix . Please stay home. Please stay home. Ratnadeep and many other supermarkets restricting entry. Doing this to stop overcrowding the stores so that the virus doesnt spreads. They sanitize your your hands before you go in. Good initiative.. Misinformation about Hydroxychloroquine: Large no. Of people are buying the medicine despite being their is no perfect evidence that it will cure the virus and then there is our [media]https//mobile.twitter.com/theskindoctor13/status/1242052296847982592 [source1]https//mobile.twitter.com/EdselSalvana/status/1241287878354677760 [source2]https//time.com/5808688/chloroquinephosphatecoronavirusdeath/. Covid19 Testing Strategy: Just want to discuss with you guys whats our strategy of increasing number of tests for Covid19. At the moment I dont see one in place except guidelines from ICMR. They are now considering testing all with symptoms esp pneumonia cases. But thats not a strategy. How would you test a person whos not event reporting illness Based on news from Europe it is now evident the carriers are mostly asymptotic or mild symptom young people who can carry virus for a month or so. I assume a number of them might not even report cases. How would you make sure you identify them Even if you say these cases are minimal 0.1 just calculate the absolute number with Indian population count WHO says the only way to fix this is to test test test. But i dont see govt doing proactive voluntary testing like south Korea. They are just relying on reported cases. I totally appreciate govts doing proactive lockdown but how would lockdown help if you dont identify all carriers while lockdown is on One the lockdown is over the same cycle of soaring cases will repeat and we will do another lockdown. And then again same cycle. What do you guys suggest the govt should do to terminate this cycle for once and for all All I can see as an answer is to have a lockdown with duration greater than longest period the virus can survive in human body which is I guess one month.. A Heros Welcome Artist Uday Mohite. A Heros Welcome Artist Uday Mohite. Doctors and health workers in Maharashtra urging people to be responsible and stay at home in this video. Apollo Pharmacy using Corona virus scare to earn extra cash by price gouging masks 14 time normal price. Indias fourth COVID casualty attended Sikh Hola Mohalla festival in Anandpur Sahib infected seven family members. Coronavirus cases cross 100mark in Maharashtra Mumbai reports 17 new cases. Watch And Share. Shine Through. Centre asks action against those harassing Northeast people in the name of coronavirus. Have we really stooped so low that were wishing deaths for innocent citizens of our enemy country just to score points Do you support this behaviour. Mahatma Gandhi had Spanish Flu. I wonder what would happen if he had died.: He was 42 had returned 4 years ago from South Africa and was in his ashram in Gujarat. He told one confidant that all interest in living had ceased..and it was the first protracted illness of his life. The Spanish flu killed 18 million in India about 6 of the population and more casualties than there were in World War 1. It might have killed between 50100 million in the world. Thats more than the 60 million in world war 2. Story and source from BBC https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia51904019 We barely have 1 government hospital bed for 100000 people in Bihar. Private beds are too costly. Only 4000 ventilators and 70000 ICU units in the whole country. https//theprint.in/opinion/currentrateindia30000covid19deathsmaynohospitalbedjunedata/385386/ We are not testing enough people. I think We should declare state of emergency immediately employ the public distribution system rations and deploy the army and reserves. Before it is too late. Before it is too late.. Covidout.in dashboard not working: [removed]. COVID19 23yearold tests positive in Manipur. Coronavirus outbreak India has tremendous capacity in eradicating COVID19 pandemic says WHO. Jio should learn something . Corona Updates.... India has tremendous capacity to combat COVID19 WHO Executive Director. Police in my city got no chill man . Covid19 an economic tsunami biz failures bankruptcies coming Moodys. The Vinod Dua Show Ep 251 People arent taking Coronavirus seriously. Shortage of Coronavirus testing Kits in India: While going through Twitter I stumbled upon this Four days ago West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee raised the issue of shortage of testing kits in a video conference with PM Modi. Centre still hasnt moved. Today WB merely has 40 kits available. Modi govt clearly doesnt want enough people tested for reasons best known to them. Also just been told by a intern doctor in Mumbai that they have no access to personal protection equipment they are supposed to test patients who flew from abroad. I mean we already are short on doctors and they are the only ones who can help us dont risk their life ffs.. Be kind generous amp compassionate. Coronavirus outbreak is Humanitys one of the biggest challenges: Punes main sabzi mandi Market Yard will be closed for a week and I had to urgently go out for buying vegetables for next 56 days. Realised had no cash so dashed to the ATM. A very old lady in a battered ancient burqa was waiting outside looking for help to withdraw cash. Beta Dubai mein hai paise bheja hai shayad. Dekh lo ek baar beta.. she almost pleaded. My son is in Dubai maybe he has send some money. Please look into it son Account had 40 bucks. I tried to sneak in a Rs 500 note from my wallet to give it to her but she stopped me. Nai nai. Chawal hai ghar pe. Dawai bhi hai. Paise aa jayenge kal parso. Allah salamat rakhe.. and she walked out. No no.. I have rice and also medicines. God bless you I damn hope she gets the money. This is a testing time a period wherein humanity will be challenged to its core. Be generous and be kind hearted. Dont bargaign with that vegetable vendor or shun off the beggar. You can be the last person they encounter before giving up hope.. Why were at the critical point of action Covid19:  Please take a look at the below graph. You can see that in US cases are doubling every two days now. It was similar in Spain amp Italy as well and it Italy the numbers have started to decline following the lockdown. Hong Kong amp Singapore limited the spread with strict quarantines and prompt response from the community. Japan amp South Korea slowed the process by mass testing social norms and also due to the obedience from the citizens. Social Distancing amp Lockdowns are needed for any country to follow the better route in the likes of Hong Kong amp Singapore. From here India can either follow the other western countries or well be able to limit the spread and its up to us. Virus does not spread on its own its YOU amp ME who spreads it. So please listen to the concerned authorities and above all [\Stayhome]https//www.facebook.com/hashtag/stayhomesourcefeedtextampepaHASHTAG. Indians Get Creative Play Balcony Tambola During Delhi Lockdown. Even masks have hierarchy. TN health minister and and health care workers.. Time to rebuild India. A must watch video interviews of senior journalist Prashant Tandon and a respectable Advocate post hearing of the petition in Supreme Court of India. coronavirus Covid19. Why all the hate for the thaali bajao gang: [removed]. These people are more dangerous than Corona Virus Lock Down Day 1. When Italy say lockdown they fuckin mean it. We need this in India. Dr. Nishant Khare on Corona Virus Fact myths and solution. States Telangana While people clapped for those in front line fighting virus Telangana landlords leave doctors homeless. Thoughts about expense on healthcare in India and in general across world.: What are your opinions about if there will be a change in expense on healthcare systems in future based on the current dire conditions of the availability of healthcare facilities Will the Governments across world learn important lessons. Indigo employee crying due to the harassment faced by her by people in her residential area including the local Police. Places to visit this weekend in India. Bank of Baroda precautions Udupi Karnataka branch. Prayers : [removed]. Migrant labourers have no means to go home.. Finally they blocked off the road in front off my house. Do you think you know who will have any announcement regarding Ventillators/PPE for doctors tonight. Sad state of lockdown: Im just here to rant feel free to ignore. Im from New Delhi and my parent works in a bank as an essential services worker. They do not have the option to remain inside even though they want to. Ive been staying inside the house for the past week even before the lockdown happened and have been preparing for the past few weeks. Now with the metro shut and the buses running at such a low capacity it is near impossible for herchanging 23 buses at least to reach the office which is about 910 Kms from our place. While going to drop her we were stopped a couple times but since she had her ID we were allowed the pass. Then coming back it was nightmare Being a guy alone I was stopped at every single checkpoint and was harassed even after explaining where I was each time. This somehow has to stop Even showing the picture of her ID didnt work. Not everyone wants to go out given a choice Id stay home and be happy isolated away from the fucked up world currently. Its understandable that theyre out their protecting people however it doesnt mean they can do as they please. If someone is genuinely trying to explain their issue they should be more understanding rather than showing the attitude where they just dont listen. Empathy isnt that hard but they show zero EQ whatsoever People shouldnt be scared of them unless theyre doing something wrong. Its the opposite though for a normal person being stopped by them is having a mini heart attack maybe not that extreme but you know what I mean. Im afraid Ill get a fine/challan on my name even though I did nothing wrong and was only making sure the safety of my parent so she can help people like them to get their salaries on time If the bank is closed they will probably be the first ones to complain. Promoting digital India is a facade if more than half the population is unable to check their bank balance themselves I suppose it doesnt really matter until it happens to a person themselves and only then they understand the whole situation. Anyway my rant is over. Thank you for reading if you did. I hope you all stay safe and dont forget to wash your hands regularly.. Why are TV Channels not free: [removed]. Coincidence. When the scientific community has failed the Indian Vedic Astrology has predicted how Carona virus will end. At least there is some good news if you believe in this xxxxx substitute your favourite word.. When the scientific community has failed the Indian Vedic Astrology has predicted how Carona virus will end. At least there is some good news if you believe in this xxxxx substitute your favourite word.. When the scientific community has failed the Indian Vedic Astrology has predicted how Carona virus will end. At least there is some good news if you believe in this xxxxx substitute your favourite word.. Air India press release asking the law enforcement agencies to ensure that their crew are treated with the courtesy respect and freedom.. The COVID19 Lockdown Simulation Summary: I have tried to create a summary of the video here The Simple Simulation by [https//www.youtube.com/watchvZB6jajr7an0ampt]https//www.youtube.com/watchvZB6jajr7an0ampt To put in the WhatsApp status... But also after summarized it is 3 mins long Have A Look... ampx200B ampx200B [video]sdfpfn2iako41. First Coronavirus Case Reported In NorthEast Manipur Woman Tests Positive After UK Travel. Go Corona Corona Go.. How many supplies should I stock up: Does anyone have any estimate on how long will the lockdown be in place what supplies should I stock up before its too late I live in Chattisgarh and people here are going out as usual.. Will address the nation at 8 PM today on vital aspects relating to the menace of COVID19 Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Glad our government is taking necessary steps. We as a citizen of India should support our government at a time like this. Limits to political self interest.: Do politicians understand this idiot politician in my area is urging people to come to his medical camp and drink free kadha. All this talk about social Distancing. Indian cops ensuring people stay at home during the Junta curfew. Will address the nation at 8 PM today 24th March 2020 on vital aspects relating to the menace of COVID19.. Best way to fight this pandemic. Keep in mind everyone India has the 2nd largest world population.: How to Flatten the curve 1 Stay indoors. 2 Practise social distancing And the planet will ride this one out together . All the news channels are dismayed that the people are not observing lockdown and social distancing...: What do you expect when for most of their childhood they have been told to memorize facts by rote and not analyze why they are the way they are Its not correct to pinpoint this to only the education system but this is just a though I had.. CDC says coronavirus survived in Princess Cruise ship cabins for up to 17 days after passengers left. Is this textile city Bhilwara Rajasthan set to be Indias Italy. 90000 NRIs Back Says Punjab Predicts Alarming Rise In COVID19 Cases. Quick selfquarantine question.: [removed]. not surprised. Coronavirus outbreak live updates Almost all of India in lockdown 606 of 728 districts shut:  Deaths from the coronavirus pandemic have topped 15000 across the globe according to an AFP tally. The count of coronavirus cases in India stood close to 500 with 498 cases reported so far by the states. Meanwhile complete lockdowns were announced in 30 states/ UTs and 606 districts. Stay with TOI for the latest developments. Finally someone put sense into them. India did not stockpile COVID protective equipment for health workers despite clear WHO guidelines. Carmakers answer pleas to make medical supplies. Indian billionaire Anand Mahindra said his company The Mahindra Group would begin work immediately to explore how its factories could make ventilators.. Masks worth Rs 11 crore are missing from Jaipurs premier SMS Hospital. Expert Opinion. This video can save thousands of life.  [ ]. Questions to ask of landlords/housing societies ostracising doctors and other essential service providers: A follow up to the [posts]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fnpztq/ifthisisremotelytruewevefailedasapeople/ about doctors and other essential service providers being thrown out of prevented from entering their home. My question is what is the remedy What are people doctors or others supposed to do in case they face this harassment when going home Who do they call to report this What measures can be taken against the landlords or housing society officebearers for spreading this kind of hatred and panic What is the source of this panic besides infection will spread If that is known it can be resolved better. What measures are to be taken by housing complexes or residences to prevent additional spread especially ones which have residents who work in essential services Most of these places are run by people who believe in unscientific whatsapp messages like thalibanging will drive virus away. These people wont listen to logic so they need bullet points that they can be held accountable against those. Please add any other questions which should go into this list. I dont know how this can be taken forward to get attention of the authorities to do something about it maybe the mods can tweet it out. It just makes me very unhappy to see this happening at a time when people need to support each other more than ever.. Ive made some projections for the number of cases by end of this month. Very informative video. Rational and practical take on COVID19 testing in India role of the private sector and problems with the government. Coronavirus Outbreak World Health Organisation Executive Director Michael J Ryan India Has Tremendous Capacity To Combat Virus Pandemic. No economic task force for COVID19 yet. A masterclass in tackling COVID19 from Kerala India. During Janta Curfew on Sunday the Prime minister had asked all the citizens of india to come out around 5 pm to clap and make noise to applaud all the medical staff who are working tirelessly during these difficult times. The Solidarity amongst the citizens was very promising.. Test Test Test where are we doing it: India has just 500 cases which is impossible to believe. We are still testing people coming from other countries. Govt is saying they did test random local people around India and didnt find community spread. Not sure on the this data as it is not available to public let me know if available i will edit. This looks like govt propoganda to prevent panic similar to how US downplayed but after increasing testing cases skyrocketed. Govt is saying we have capacity to test 10k per day but are people going for test Govt should ask basic symptomatic cough/fever people to get tested to know the extent of the spread. We locked down without testing at large which means govt is making basic symptomatic people to stay at home by the fear of police. None of the media is questioning the govt as everyone is still praising our Supreme Leader for the foolish thali order. PS Karnataka has 30k in home quarantine and CM just said it is getting impossible to monitor them.. This was the situation at CMBT Chennai on 23 March evening.. Corona Utsav. Pathetic State of Everything: I am literally shaking with anger at how pathetic everything has become in India. The media the governments response to the virus and the so called peoples awareness you know the amavasya clapping shit. Yesterday my whole bhakt family was watching a debate on India TV in which one of the panelists a doctor btw accused the modi government of not testing enough ppl and taking appropriate measures to contain this contagion. At this another panelist a bhakt strongly and irrationally countered this by saying we should rise above the politics of blaming PM modi. Now guys tell me when will these assholic bhakts let the people and opposition criticize the PM for fucking up the economy communal harmony and now playing with the health of citizens Imma very frustrated so sorry for the rant.. thali bajao gang. Tamil Nadu announces dedicated hospital for COVID19 patients. My wife has made a coronavirus awareness song. Hope you all like the message. Those who are staying in locked down districts are alcohol shops open: They say only essential services are allowed to run. Does that mean alcohol shops are closed What about supermarkets like Spencers Hypermarket where they sell alcohol Are those open. Telangana Hyderabad GHMC workers handling garage bare hands and feet.. I was checking this link for updates on state wise confirmed Coronavirus cases till yesterday when in stopped working. Does anybody else have any information on this. WFH they said. Lmao. Understanding of general population of COVID19 and the measures people are taking on a daily basis to prevent spreading it. Thank you for your contribution and stay safe. Sometimes I question if Thanos was correct. Sometimes I question if Thanos was correct. Im having serious anxiety issues over COVID19. Ive been reading a lot. People are gonna die. Lots of em. I can already see not so distant relatives passing away because of it and me trying to stop my parents from attending the cremation. : [removed]. Go corona: [removed]. Indians in the UK desperate to return back to India amid coronavirus crises across the country.. Such a waste of a person. Lockdown Starter Pack MOVIES Google Drive Link: [removed]. Just want to thank my company. Who not only allowed work from home but encouraged it. Scrapped punch in policy on March 1 and started renting in laptops to enable all employees to WFH.: Even HR came to me and asked why I was coming to office and urged me to go home on 19th March. was going because I joined the company 9 days ago and was getting handover from the guy whom I was replacing. it was his last day. Its amazing how IT Team worked so hard created a war room out of conference room and 8 people imaging laptops for employees.. Message from an overwhelmed trepidant Doc: A message to all the literates of this country who think they are too cool to pander to the pleas of doctors and experts who think maintaining social distance and discipline is for lesser mortals who are going about their lives normally thinking a viral pandemic is above them just look once at the frail and the elderly in your family. Because they will be the ones left for dead very soon once the outbreak gets a foothold in our community maybe just a matter of weeks if you dont take certain precautions right now. A few facts for you all from a medicos point of view to let you all know just how serious the situation is. In fact experts say we may already have entered the stage of community spread. The dreaded Stage 3. The virus has an incubation period of around 214 days usually around 5 days during which the infected person is capable of transmitting it to others while being totally asymptomatic. I still see people congregating on the roads going for evening walks and dinners with friends and neighbours in groups unaware of the fact that the person next to you may actually be a carrier without any symptoms who then passes on the infection to yourself. You then carry this back to your homes where the parents the elderly and the kids get infected in turn and they are far more vulnerable to this deadly pathogen. This is part of the reason why this particular virus is spreading so easily and this is why doing everything you can to limit the spread to your loved ones is of paramount importance. Another myth I keep hearing about is that the young and healthy are not affected and hence it is okay for them to meander about. This is not the case the danger does not lie in yourself dying. Apart from spreading the infection to the more vulnerable group as mentioned above even a significant percentage of the young healthy population will need hospitalisation and ICU care in some cases even ventilatory support for a long time to recover hereby consuming precious hospital resources and overburdening the limited healthcare facilities of our country. If countries like Italy and Spain who are among the best in the world regarding healthcare are swamped with sheer overload of patients imagine what the situation would be here in India where we spend a pathetic lt2 of the GDP on healthcare Whatever meagre resources we have will have to be selectively allotted to patients of the productive age group having the best chances of survival forsaking the elderly and the disabled. Just imagine a situation where your parent or grandparent who has suffered a stroke or a heart attack is turned back away from the hospital just because they were deemed not worth treating. This scenario may be a damning reality here very soon if you do not act right now As you may all have heard innumerable times by now break the chain flatten the curve it is not about stopping the virus in its tracks and totally preventing the spread. That may well be an impossibility in a country like ours. The aim is to slow down the speed of transmission so that the number of cases do not alarmingly rise in a very short period of time the spike which may swamp our resources and overburden the healthcare capacity the aim is to have a slow gradual controlled spread wherein every single patient can be treated well and discharged making way for new patients without causing a strain on the hospitals. Hence this plea from all of us healthcare workers. Do not take this lightly but do not panic either. Maintain self hygiene practice social distancing comply with the lockdown and other measures taken by the government to curb transmission and just be sane enough to understand the situation. You all are given once in a lifetime opportunity to win a massive war by just staying home lounging on the bed chilling about and watching Netflix. Do not screw this up be sensible and we may yet emerge from this pandemic unscathed with minimal longlasting damage. Please do not let us end up in a situation where we Doctors will need to act God and choose between life and death for a patient. This will have a tremendous psychological impact on us. How you act and behave in the next few weeks will affect the longterm trajectory of our country StayHome BreakTheChain FlattenTheCurve. Rant: A message to all the literates of this country who think they are too cool to pander to the pleas of doctors and experts who think maintaining social distance and discipline is for lesser mortals who are going about their lives normally thinking a viral pandemic is above them just look once at the frail and the elderly in your family. Because they will be the ones left for dead very soon once the outbreak gets a foothold in our community maybe just a matter of weeks if you dont take certain precautions right now. A few facts for you all from a medicos point of view to let you all know just how serious the situation is. In fact experts say we may already have entered the stage of community spread. The dreaded Stage 3. The virus has an incubation period of around 214 days usually around 5 days during which the infected person is capable of transmitting it to others while being totally asymptomatic. I still see people congregating on the roads going for evening walks and dinners with friends and neighbours in groups unaware of the fact that the person next to you may actually be a carrier without any symptoms who then passes on the infection to yourself. You then carry this back to your homes where the parents the elderly and the kids get infected in turn and they are far more vulnerable to this deadly pathogen. This is part of the reason why this particular virus is spreading so easily and this is why doing everything you can to limit the spread to your loved ones is of paramount importance. Another myth I keep hearing about is that the young and healthy are not affected and hence it is okay for them to meander about. This is not the case the danger does not lie in yourself dying. Apart from spreading the infection to the more vulnerable group as mentioned above even a significant percentage of the young healthy population will need hospitalisation and ICU care in some cases even ventilatory support for a long time to recover hereby consuming precious hospital resources and overburdening the limited healthcare facilities of our country. If countries like Italy and Spain who are among the best in the world regarding healthcare are swamped with sheer overload of patients imagine what the situation would be here in India where we spend a pathetic lt2 of the GDP on healthcare Whatever meagre resources we have will have to be selectively allotted to patients of the productive age group having the best chances of survival forsaking the elderly and the disabled. Just imagine a situation where your parent or grandparent who has suffered a stroke or a heart attack is turned back away from the hospital just because they were deemed not worth treating. This scenario may be a damning reality here very soon if you do not act right now As you may all have heard innumerable times by now break the chain flatten the curve it is not about stopping the virus in its tracks and totally preventing the spread. That may well be an impossibility in a country like ours. The aim is to slow down the speed of transmission so that the number of cases do not alarmingly rise in a very short period of time the spike which may swamp our resources and overburden the healthcare capacity the aim is to have a slow gradual controlled spread wherein every single patient can be treated well and discharged making way for new patients without causing a strain on the hospitals. Hence this plea from all of us healthcare workers. Do not take this lightly but do not panic either. Maintain self hygiene practice social distancing comply with the lockdown and other measures taken by the government to curb transmission and just be sane enough to understand the situation. You all are given once in a lifetime opportunity to win a massive war by just staying home lounging on the bed chilling about and watching Netflix. Do not screw this up be sensible and we may yet emerge from this pandemic unscathed with minimal longlasting damage. Please do not let us end up in a situation where we Doctors will need to act God and choose between life and death for a patient. This will have a tremendous psychological impact on us. How you act and behave in the next few weeks will affect the longterm trajectory of our country. Petition for more actions to fight Coronavirus spread: [removed]. Lockdown citizens to get passes from Police for within city travel Please help with your opinion on what kind of passes could be done with valid reason and time needed. Time to fill form 1 m 40 seconds. Covid19india. Lets fight against fake news.: I dont know why but fake news spreads like wildfire people believe shit like If you can hold your breath for 10 seconds you dont have the virus and Drinking water will kill all the virus. Because it will flush all the virus to in to the stomach acid. Not only is it obvious bullshit and can sometimes be lifethreatening but some Mfuckers are capitalising on peoples fear of getting the virus and are selling with the help of fake news miracle medicine or some shit like that which claims that it can cure and prevent the corona virus. The irony is that the actual news and facts which are important for people to know cant reach enough people stuff like to wash your hands for atleast 20 seconds and dont touch your face despite the fact that our government is trying to spread awareness. Sometimes using our commonsense is the best way to fight against fake news. And a little fact checking. If you know any older person who mindlessly forwards everything thay see online mostly WhatsApp tell them why thay are causing harm more than good and teach them to fact check online. As we proved time and time again that human spirit can tolerate anything just dont go outside stay indoors as much as you can and stay safe. Sorry for the bad English . BhaDiPas Nipun says about his experience.. Discussion How to help if and when the hospitals get overwhelmed: We could convert buildings which are shutdown right now such as schools into hospitals/camps. We will be running short of medicines and hospital equipment. Medicines I have no clue what to do. Equipments like the ventilator if someone could provide a simpler design which we can build with easily available materials we can make on our own. ampx200B I know situation seems ok now. But we have to brainstorm now otherwise we wont be able to when everything is going down fast. ampx200B It wont hurt to be prepared but not being definitely will.. A big Thank you: On 22nd March 5pm I wasnt there clapping or banging utensils out loud. I locked myself in for good. So heres how I will show my gratitude... THANK YOU Thank you for standing on the front line Thank you for saving lives Thank you for risking your life out there Thank you for your dedication You are the real MVPs And a BIG THANKS to all the people staying at home you guys are doing a great job too WE WILL OVERCOME THIS WE WILL BREAK THE CHAIN. Coronavirus cure possible by natural remedies Research Evidence COVID19. The global economic outlook for 2020 is negativerecession at least as bad as the Global Financial Crisis or worse. But we expect recovery in 2021. How to get there Read KGeorgieva s statement. RSS Workers cleaning hospital beds.. 12 private labs chains having 15000 collection centres start testing of COVID19. prepping safety utility Toilet Roll Calculator. Way to protect from corona. To save lives from Coronavirus infection we have taken the decision to ban all private vehicles on roads from tomorrow. Only vehicles related to essential services and those in exempted services would be allowed. State highway tolls will also be closed from 12 oclock midnight. Did Reliance press release mention Donating anywhere: [removed]. One optimistic scenario. [OC] India and many other nations probably heading this way. I hope we come to our senses before its too late.. Livess Quandary Guys I need your suggestions on this one. Say together go carona goik its a serious matter and people will get offended but youre quarantined and this is something to lighten your day. Be Careful. Need Help.: [removed]. 3 new cases in Tamil Nadu. Total 12. 12th case has no travel history and no known contact with previous cases.: Heres the tweet from TN Health minister confirming this [https//twitter.com/Vijayabaskarofl/status/1242122022022340610]https//twitter.com/Vijayabaskarofl/status/1242122022022340610 Here he doesnt explicitly state that 12th patient has no known source of infection. He did confirm this in todays press conference when a reporter asked him.. Be Careful. Indian Council of Medical Research update 23 MARCH 2020 OFFICIAL. The current scenario. Independence Day President Speech [Full HD]. I know this will be removed as not being relevant to /r/india but I want as many people to see it cause its bloody relevant to the situation were in right now. Were in this with the rest of the world.. The Optimistic Scenario. If this is remotely true weve failed as a people.. Meanwhile the Quinoa price in Amazon.. First MadeinIndia COVID19 test kit by Mylab gets commercial approval. Is this relevant. Covid19 Corona Virus Disease Current Count of all Country. Relevant.. Chennai bus stand after the state government announced that the City would be locked down from Tuesday evening. Good way to form new clusters all over the state before lockdown.. Practising Social distancing at its finest. Im a US journalist interviewing a prominent Indian epidemiologist for a reputable publication. What questions do you have about the spread of coronavirus in India: [removed]. Ministry of Railways on Twitter . WHO Young people are not invincible. HANDS Wash them often. lets act sensible. coming weeks will create do or die like situations. Stay home stay safe.. WTF India below Iceland give me a fking break : look at the [confirmed cases]https//www.nytimes.com/newsevent/coronavirus chart...India is like 5 spots below teeny tiny cleanaswhistle Iceland been there. This is beyond WTF.. I see your IIT Graduate Whatsapp forward and raise you senior IIT Prof ex HOD chemical engineering FB post. The COVID Pledge: Hello fellow redditors We have started an initiative called The Covid Pledge. The idea is to make a video preferably under a minute where individuals strictly no group gatherings as it is against the social distancing protocol are taking the pledge that they will adhere to social distancing protocols. What To create a social media campaign in the form of individuals taking a pledge and posting it to trigger a behavioral change in peoples attitude towards social distancing visvis COVID19 and to create more educators/role models. Why Most people with phones TV and internet connection are aware of the messaging from institutional Authorities and other social figures regarding hand washing and Social Distancing. Nonetheless there appears to be a significant distance between awareness and actual behavioral change. It has long been observed by social scientists that making public statements forces people to then bring their beliefs in alignment with their statements. In short once I take a pledge publicly I am highly incentivized to behave and promote ideas in accordance with that pledge. How Here is what you have to do Make a video taking the Pledge heres a template To protect my community from COVID19 and to respect the efforts of our folks on the frontline I take a pledge to Commit to social distancing to ensure my personal hygiene and that of those at home to take an active role in educating the unaware and persuading the uncommitted And finally to get three more to join this fight So I invite and to take the Pledge. Now its your turn to join us. Every pledge will count. Please feel free to do it your own creative or simple way as long as you say it as a Pledge use the words Social distancing and nominate people in your video and do NOT share any information that is not approved by your Govt. and WHO. For those who are uncomfortable taking videos Just take a 5 sec video saying I have taken the CovidPledge have you and then post the above pledge in the text and tag your 3 friends to move it forward. Here is a video I posted on Instagram Posting in the comments as Instagram links are not allowed. Use the hashtag thecovidpledge and tag the page thecovidpledge if possible. Lets do this . The COVID pledge: [removed]. Hi Ive been called coronavirus by some locals in Pune.: I dont care if i end up on the news or some shit but i guess the time has come Im carrying a knife and a pistol everywhere i go and if i see any one of you calling me corona or spitting on me again i will let you know that im being serious i dont care if i die. How do I donate to the right organization in India Has the PM or any state government announced a relief fund to help fight COVID19: Sick and tired of reading inane WhatsApp forwards in family groups and watching the mindless clapping videos. The constant worrying about whats happening in my dear country isnt helping my mental health and I am far and away in the US now and in a lockdown. What can NRIs do to help beyond talking sense into our parents and friends back home Id like to know about any organizations or relief funds that I can donate to.. We have to do this. We have to do this. We have to do this. We have to do this. We have to do this. Coronavirus recovered Indian patients message for everyone. We have to do this. We have to do this. We have to do this. We have to do this. We have to do this. Wow sources report nCov19 is fleeing the country . Inspite of rising threat from Covid19 some are still trying make a handful of dime... Wells Fargo of Marathahalli Bangalore is forcing employees to do regular work and even locking them up... Police is also not responding... Publicise it for freedom from such slave masters.. Reliance Industries Limited announced that it would set up Indias first dedicated COVID19 hospital special quarantine facilities import additional test kits and enhance production capacities to produce 100000 facemasks per day.. Ye to hona hi tha. What Is The Coronavirus and What Should You Do. Current state of affairs. After the Spanish flu came the world War. Now... Once the claims for money from China fails... World War 3. Get ready.. 51 mins ago cases468 10 mins ago cases 467: [removed]. 30 States Under Total Lockdown As Coronavirus Cases Cross 470. Why Indian Government only allows USFDA/EU EC approved kits and not those approved by NIV when there is only one company producing kits approved by USFDA. Due to this tests are less and hence less cases.. Government of Telangana notified lockdown in the entire State with immediate effect till 31st March 2020 prescribing certain regulations and measures.. Indias CoVID19 tracker down: For the past week or so there tase been a reliable tracker to update the newer number as soon as they happened. http//covidout.in For the past 24 hours amid nation wide lockdowns the tracker has disappeared. Does someone has any information regarding it I smell something fishy.. 30 states/UTs announce complete lockdown covering 548 districts.. Well... he was wrong OC. COVID19 Free food for the poor in Karnataka via statesponsored Indira canteens. WHO: [removed]. So apparently my family is against me because I argued with a chutiya elder brother of our family. Attaching his Whatsapp status in the comments. PLEASE STOP WITH THE FAKE NEWS.. not mine credits in the comments. Is food delivery safe in these times: Is delivering food from swiggy zomato safe if its safe what things should we follow to ensure our and the delivery persons safety. Coronavirus ICMR recommends use of hydroxychloroquine for highrisk COVID19 cases. people who took to street to celebrate curfew actually defied it.. Two Indian Coronavirus Testing Kits Validated for Use as Approval Process Gets Fasttracked. First MadeinIndia COVID19 test kit by Mylab gets commercial approval. Go Corona Go. The perils of an allout lockdown. Quarantine units to get books on PMs governance. My 3 year old nephew paying respect to all the people working and helping our country get over this crisis [Delhi India]. Explainer Why the RBI approved a record Rs 1.76 trillion transfer to the Modi government. Reliance employees who earn less than 30000 will be paid twice a month in the wake of Coronavirus. A 101 increase in confirmed cases for a 29.7 increase in testing numbers.. A 101 increase in confirmed cases for a 29.7 increase in testing numbers.. A 101 increase in confirmed cases for a 29.7 increase in testing numbers.. A 101 increase in confirmed cases for a 29.7 increase in testing numbers.. Delhis Tihar Jail to Release 3000 Prisoners to Arrest Spread of Coronavirus Amid Spike in Cases. List of states and districts under lockdown in India. 101 increase in confirmed case for a 29.7 increase in testing numbers. Do read it.. Fact check and measures being taken by the scientific community to fight Covid19. Please read it carefully in your own interest amp follow the law. Govt allows poor households to lift six months of subsidised grains in one go. Janata curfew to combat Covid19 GOQii data show these two cities saw maximum drop in footfalls. Reliance opens up Indias first dedicated COVID19 facility. The ground realities.. I just wanted to share a thought I have about my apartment complex in relation to the Coronavirus fiasco.: So I have been quite vocal about calling out stupid people in the apartment complex I live in on r/India. Whenever I get an opportunity to shit on these unkills aunties and bhakts who live here I do. However today I am taken aback by the amount of effort and coordination my building association is taking to make sure the residents of my apartment complex are safe. From sending regular updates about what is happening to coordinating with police and BBMP officials for quarantine protocols and just keeping us overall well informed is something I am so thankful for. No one is showing ego here in doing what they want. They keep their kids at home no crowding is allowed common amenities are shut the buildings common areas are regularly disinfected the support staff here is taken care of in terms of providing them with masks and sanitizers and gloves. Things are very smooth here. I know this post is not very relevant here but there are people who are at the opposite spectrum of those people who were doing mujra on the road with plates yesterday. And since I have always been quick to jump to make fun of my building people I just wanted people to know they can be amazing too. I hope everyone gets through this shit safe and sound.. Is there a subreddit dedicated to updates regarding COVID19 related to India: I only know of r/coronavirus but the major stories there are related to the west. I was curious if theres a subreddit for covid updates in India.. People not taking social distancing seriously: [removed]. Shit getting real yall a rant: Im a doctor working in a large govt medical college and hospital. To the best of my knowledge and assessment of the situation were about to get deluged in a wave of cases for which it is impossible to be adequately prepared. Many will die. The govt is trying but whatever they arrange will never be enough for the general population to get off lightly. People panic buying food and medical supplies have created a vicious cycle so much so that I doubt if there will be enough meds for the frontline workers. This could potentially lead to more deaths in the healthcare workers that could secondarily translate to a higher death rate in the patients. People not taking quarantine seriously. Their actions today will kill many. Mostly their old young and sick family members neighbours or roommates. In the meantime theres talk of having us work in makeshift corona wards from where we wont be able to return home. Well probably stay on campus in recently emptied undergrad hostels. I dont mind working on campus and not coming home for weeks maybe months. I dont mind dying too much either. Im not super highrisk comorbiditywise. Im young. I run. But the stress is making me relapse into my smoking habit and who knows what that might mean with this infection But the one thing that scares me shitless is that I dont know who will take care of my dogs at home. I hope Im proved wrong in the coming weeks. To negate the fatalism if youre inside avoiding ALL outside contact youll probably be able to delay infection to such time when well be better prepared to fight this thing with real world patient data maybe new meds or even vaccines. Also death rates are generally low for young and fit patients.. India stocks plummet 13 as coronavirus uncertainty continues to roil Asia markets. Pic 1 Before Quarantine Pic 2 After Quarantine. Let us get something straight. Whole clapping thing was NOT about appreciating doctors it was about vibrations killing coronavirus A ploy by govt. to save their asses.: [removed]. Coronotsav. Experience of Marathi film maker Nipun Dharmadhikari on the governments handling of people returning to India from outside.. You say clap they clap. You say Northeast Indians are Indians they believe.: [removed]. Will Youth of India ever follow Social Distancing while Ads like this are allowed to air. Meanwhile in Bangalore.... Gujrat company gets exclusive rights to develop Covid19 test kits for India: The person who was seen garlanding Trump and Melania at Sabarmati Ashram is Kartikeya Sarabhai. You must be wondering why Im bringing him up when everyone is obsessing about COVID19 epidemic. Well here is the link Kartikeya Sarabhai is Mohal Kartikeya Sarabhais father who is the director of a company called Cosara Diagnostics. Cosara Diagnostics has effectively been given EXCLUSIVE rights to supply testing kits for Covid19. It is an Ahmedabad based company started 2 years back with no history in mass producing such testing kits. A Govt order has been issued saying that only USFDA or EU EC approved testing kits are to be used which effectively excludes other Indian companies from supplying COVID19 testing kits as they are going through the normal route of NIV Pune approval. Now you know why the testing was too slow all this time TOI story [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/indiantestkitsmaybenonstarter/articleshow/74765890.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/indiantestkitsmaybenonstarter/articleshow/74765890.cmsfbclidIwAR1cvjUYMFnpNZ4IHxuonAw1R21B1CvlGpPtTejeGUfwBNTL5eVqK2Q. Lockdown in Kerala after 28 new COVID19 positive cases on Monday. Pseudoscience showing its true colours.. Why COVID19 got so much attention : Swine flu killed gt1800 total in India alone and apart from some panic news reporting nobody worried about it. Are we importing panic as well . Naga students being forced out of their home in Kolkata by the locals mocked as coronavirus. Yesterday we sealed the state borders and today we are sealing district borders. We will not allow it to spread to the districts which are unaffected as of now Maharashtra CM Uddhav Thackeray CoronavirusPandemic. Mint Covid Tracker India following US trajectory so far. Bihar Muslim foreign nationals found hiding in a Patna Mosque to evade coronavirus testing locals outrage as they have been preaching since January.. Am I allowed to just driveno human interaction around the city: Hello So grave times.. However an unintended consequence is that the roads are free and me and mom are sitting jobless at home. So I was wondering since I have to learn drivingcurrently only have a LLR whether I could just go out with mom and get some driving practice. I dont think of this as unsafe since therell be no human interaction involved and I wont even open my windows.... If the police ask I could probably tell them Im going to buy vegetables or smth.. Thoughts. Total number of positive cases in India rises to 433 including 23 discharged patients and 7 deaths. CoronavirusPandemic. r/india we should come together and start making some Ventilators based on Open Sourced design out on the internet similiar to other countries: Lets face it the number of ventilators available in our country are woefully low. I say we take it upon ourselves to come together and create a NonProfit Startup to manufacture Ventilators. We can make contacts rent some of the closed factories pool enough money to lease out the required equipment and start making Ventilators even if on a small scale 3D Printing can help us in making critical components if not the entire Ventilators like Valves which need to be replaced often. Every ventilator made is an extra life saved Share your ideas people time for action.. Maharashtra lockdown update Heres the list of what will remain open closed amid coronavirus outbreak. Social distancing is the best strategy according to science. Heres how.. Coronavirus cant stop the workout. Work from home. Curfew imposed across Maharashtra as people defy prohibition orders interstate travel halts as district borders shut. How to curb the spreading of Coronavirus. How do I convince my elderly dad to stop the maid in this time: So hes 77 and doesnt seem to be alarmed about the fact that the maid visits 4 other houses and stays in a probably high risk area lower income area. She is also quite talkative and doesnt seem to understand the seriousness of keeping distance and avoiding talking too much. We are ready to pay her and stop her from coming to work here. Though hes watching the news 24 x 7 and talks to his friends mostly about the virus he doesnt seem to be bothering to take this measure though I am ready to do the chores. I am letting it go and taking the chance at this point since its leading to bad arguments. He is an adult with a brain after all. Anyone else in the same situation with older parents and family. I created a website to scrape corona cases in India from the govt website and display informatics. Need people to contribute. https//github.com/Rajanpandey. Reliance sets up Indias 1st dedicated Covid19 hospital to pay contract workers wages. Indian govt cleared a Rs. 20000 crore plan for renovating central Delhi in the middle of a pandemic that threatens millions of Indians. The country has ONE doctor per 11600 people ONE isolation bed per 84000 Indians 40000 ventilators for 1.3 billion people. COVIDIOTS. Who else feel like these numbers are way off from the actual cases of covid19 patients in India: [removed]. BMC governing civic body of Mumbai to begin home testing facility for COVID19.. Indian Doctors Successfully Prepared Coronavirus Vaccine Medicine for COVID19. Street also Joined in Gratitude Act. Save Rural India: It is legitimate to call this disease and Urban disease. The rich and privileged have brought this from abroad. Now that there is chaos we must try our best to not percolate into Rural India. Everyone knows how difficult it will be even for cities where all medical facilities exists which in themselves are not well equipped to fight this disaster. If it gets to the villages it will not be controllable there will be a lot of deaths. Dont travel to your hometown discourage anyone trying to do that. All our food comes from there us in lockdown will stop the chain. If rural India is spared we can get over it with maybe a month or two in lockdown.. No Domestic Flights From Wednesday Says Centre Amid Coronavirus Crisis. Here are some calculations I did on Indias COVID19 numbers: According to Angela Merkel Chancellor of Germany up 6070 percent of the population could be infected. See here [https//www.bbc.com/news/worlduscanada51835856]https//www.bbc.com/news/worlduscanada51835856 Lets say COVID19 ends up infecting 65 percent Indians. Now taking a very conservative mortality rate of 1 percent Italys mortality rate is 9 and Indias population 1300 million Total expected deaths 0.65 0.01 1300 million 8.45 million So a total 8.45 million or 84.5 lakhs Indians will die. Please remember that this does not include deaths that will occur due to every other disease/accidents because there will be no healthcare and/or transport. Expect mortality rate due to other diseases to increase significantly. This also does not include people in extreme poverty like the ones who live in slums and roads who might die due to lack of food if they survive corona. Please tell me your thoughts and correct me if Im wrong anywhere.. Help each other by maintaining the gap . Learn social distancing from Karnataka C m. Coronavirus update Assam to go on a lockdown until March 31. Stage III has officially begun as India sees a 31 increase in number of Coronavirus cases 48 hours apart.: Assuming no one got themselves hospitalised on Sunday due to a nationwide curfew. Between Saturday 21rd March and Monday 23rd March the number of infections rose OFFICIALLY from 328 to 431 as on 6 p.m Thats a whooping 31 increase in 2 days To track cases refer www.covidout.in. Learn social distancing from Karnataka C M. Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with media heads through video conferencing over COVID19. Read this thread and the associated articles to understand the actual problem we Indians are facing right now.. Nation expressed gratitude to the heroes fighting against corona India.... These guys are taking dips in cow dung water. To fight corona bacteria.. After Section 144 curfew imposed in Maharashtra. All district borders sealed. COVID19 Kerala priest arrested for conducting holy mass amid restrictions. Reliance announces further steps up its support to Indias fight against Coronavirus. Covid19 Outbreak In India Lockdown City amp Helpline Number . Ground Report I Went To Get Tested In AIIMS Only To Realise Its A Hotbed For Coronavirus. 5th fatality from coronavirus in India: The person in this article passed away today afternoon. It was in the local TV news [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kolkata/covid19manwithnoforeigntravelhistorytestspositiveinbengal/articleshow/74751399.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/kolkata/covid19manwithnoforeigntravelhistorytestspositiveinbengal/articleshow/74751399.cms Its not out on news sites as of yet. I will update this post.. 68yearold man who recovered from coronavirus dies in Mumbai. Coronavirus Maharashtra CM announces statewide curfew from today till March 31.. and the winner is. Social distancing in full swing yesterday. Come together for social distancing. Go Corona Go.. India is the stupidest country in the world right now.. Coronavirus update All domestic flights suspended from Wednesday. Deaths Among 700 Indians Stranded in Iran Deepen Fears. Analysis of number of Corona cases per Indian state vs. different factors: I took a look at the number of Corona cases per state and tried to relate it to factors such as Net State Domestic Product NSDP Level of foreign remittances to the state and ratio of foreign tourists to state population. The data on number of Corona cases per state should be accurate as of yesterday 22 March. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/l5rp1w4yreo41.pngwidth793ampformatpngampautowebpamps0215613c275f449ef28851d1ecbd324bfb6ff2d2 ampx200B ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/gory7d03seo41.pngwidth793ampformatpngampautowebpamps08f0656dc2ced536a9e8e6b9f1378b394c6ceea5 ampx200B ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/btcly4s3seo41.pngwidth793ampformatpngampautowebpampsae7654a1a1dd6e5c9cdad88eab0accfcce2e9eaf ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/t0dktp05seo41.pngwidth793ampformatpngampautowebpampsb038542ed66ca0d0016f5ccffa1552549011a1fb ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/k7dc4aw5seo41.pngwidth793ampformatpngampautowebpamps03d5d015f6fcc75ad80718869bc34c3fa15cae74 ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/2ljzl3q6seo41.pngwidth793ampformatpngampautowebpampsde50ea8841ee717d897011ba8d982564d455aea7 ampx200B The correlation for the number of cases w.r.t. foreign remittance is 0.77 ampx200B The correlation for the number of cases w.r.t. Net State Domestic Product is 0.62 ampx200B The correlation for the number of cases w.r.t. ratio of foreign tourists to state population is 0.68 BUT this correlation is NOT significant. ampx200B All this is based on publicly available data sources. References are on the linked webpage should anyone want to check/replicate it for themselves. The results and accompanying short analyses are on [this page at the datashri website]http//datashri.com/indiancoronacasesperstateper10cr.html. I will update the page every couple days or so. Comments/suggestions/ideas are welcome.. India did not stockpile COVID protective equipment for health workers despite clear WHO guidelines.. All domestic flights will be grounded from Wednesday. Hi India. Your friendly neighbor here. Just wanted to check in.: Hi. Im Junaid from Pakistan. Just wanted to check in on you guys during these hard times. Hope you guys are handling this pandemic better than us. Stay safe. Is it true that people working in the government will get better health facilities during this pandemic than general public: Is it true that people working in the government will get better health facilities during this pandemic than general public A friend of mine told me this.. [Unpopular Opinion] One of the two things is about to happen in India: 1. We are gonna see a lot of COVID19 cases in the upcoming days the number is going to be in thousands maybe 50k or something Infected not death 2. The world will be shocked that despite all the carelessness we dont get many cases because our immune systems have adapted and evolved as per our unhealthy habits and unhygienic living conditions and now COVID19 is not a big deal for us anymore.. Expressway shut: There seems to be word going around that the Mumbai Pune expressway has been shut down Does anyone have any information on this. India has performed 10.5 Coronavirus test per million people UAE has performed test 12738 people per million people. Indian government needs to work on getting more tests done to tackle this ongoing pandemic.. Banging plates will not defeat coronavirus we must build a quality publichealth system to do that. Maharashtra police is not fucking around. A paragraph from an article in The Hindu How to handle a pandemic: The advent of COVID19 has led to a peculiar scenario wherein those who can otherwise afford private healthcare are now relying on government facilities to be quarantined and tested. It took a pandemic like COVID19 for some to realise what most of India has been dealing with for decades. A case in point is the Agra woman who was falsely reported to have fled quarantine. In reality she reportedly resisted the option of being isolated at a public health facility because the sight of the unhygienic toilets made her retch. This is an apt representation of the consequences of meagre health spending and lack of motivation from state institutions to strengthen public healthcare infrastructure. With a system that cannot even ensure fully functional toilets in public health centres the COVID19 challenge towers over our health administration. [How to handle a pandemic]https//www.thehindu.com/opinion/oped/howtohandleapandemic/article31136612.ece/amp/. Trying to fight fake news: Few things I have recollected and will keep updating on... Only two things can do prevention.... 1. Washing hands with soap and water for minimum 20 seconds. 2.Staying at home or maintaining atleast 3 feet from people. Few things to note.... Sanitizers wont work much they will act like water to the virus being oil. Masks should only be worn by medical staff people who are infected people showing any symptoms or are caring for anyone infected. Any soap works but it takes minimum 20 seconds for soap to take apart the viruss protective fat layer which then rinses away under running water. There is no cure or vaccine yet. Neither any medicine can prevent COVID19 COVID19 isnt an airborne virus as evidence shows yet its more of a droplet spreading virus. Though evidence does show in rare real world conditions virus can stay airborne for few hours definitely not more than a day. If you do use sanitizers since soap isnt available everywhere only 6070 alcohol based sanitizers will work. Same for rubbing alcohol. Theres not much evidence that pets can transmit these viruses. But there have been two COVID19 affected dogs in China. COVID19 does affect all ages. But does affect of old age people with prior or current life threatening diseases. Temperature has no effect on COVID19 either hence weather doesnt affect it either. Remember prepare not panic. Dont spread fake news search before sharing. Only trust reliable sources like WHO. Heres a bot based Whatsapp number of WHO to answer your queries 41 79 893 18 92. Few things I have recollected and will keep updating on... Only two things can do prevention.... 1. Washing hands with soap and water for minimum 20 seconds. 2.Staying at home or maintaining atleast 3 feet from people. Few things to note.... Sanitizers wont work much they will act like water t: [removed]. Coronavirus has given India two choices Increase state power or state capacity. Coronavirus Two booked for circulating fake information through social mediaCoronavirus Two booked for circulating fake information through social media. Well die like cattle Kashmiris fear coronavirus outbreak. [COVID19] Plea For More Testing Laboratories and Quarantine Centres SC Directs To Consider It As Representation. This came in one of my whatsapp group. Not sure if its recent though. Panvel Mirchi Galli. Janhit Mein Jaari. [OC]. Indias democracy deficit comes in the way of its battle against COVID19. Shocking Deadliest Outbreaks and Pandemics in History Before COVID19. Telangana Lockdown News 31 . Coronavirus Act today or people will die Hindi translation of a well researched post link in comments. Lock Down In India: [removed]. DM and SP of Pilibhit district in UP rally with people banging utensils. The insanity in this nation is truly going on another level. Sigh. Coronavirus The social spread has kicked in for India. Heres the evidence..: The social spread has kicked in for India. First 100 45 days Second 100 4 days Third 100 2 days Fourth 100 1.35 days Total cases on 30th Jan 1 10th March 50 15th March 110 19th March 203 21st March 328 22nd March 393 23rd March 417 10 AM Most probably Govt was aware of this since cinema restaurants malls gyms were closed on March 13th atleast in Maharashtra. We can expect a steep rise upto 10k20k cases by April 1st week. The mass exodus of working class people from metros to smaller cities is the worst thing to happen now since the virus now enters tier 23 cities just like in Italy where working class poppulation fled North Italy and distributed in rest of the country exploding the total number of cases. If you think I am trying to trigger panic then damn right you are especially after the garba and rallys with Indian flags yesterday. Whoever you know ask them to stay at home. Its becoming the worst health disaster of India.. Know about orders but... Confusion chaos traffic jams on lockdown day. So Amitabh Bachchan tweeted this now deleted cant believe my eyes O. go korona go. A compilation of Italian Mayors and Governors losing it at people violating Coronavirus quarantine. Indian National CongressINC to Mr. Modis govt is to please adopt Congresss NYAY scheme. Provide it as a form of Universal Basic Income to all those who are suffering from novel coronavirus pandemic and who are below the poverty line or just above it.. people are coming out to clap only to break chain of corona.. India fights COVID19 show your support : [removed]. Mumbai Son Posts Heartwarming Ode to Nurse Mom Serving in COVID19 Quarantine Facility. Its just a small questionnaire of 10 questions about awareness in people about covid19. Do check it out and if you think its good please forward it. Any suggestions are appreciated. Thank you.. Fun Things To Do In Quarantine. 10 of Indians could get sick and millions will die. Why arent they digging mass graves yet . Going to produce 20000 ventilators in next 30 days.. The National Task Force for COVID19 constituted by Indian Council of Medical Research recommends the use of hydroxychloroquine for treatment of COVID19 for highrisk cases. Got a home quarantined stamp today 23rd March from the govt which expires on 19th March Everyone has gone crazy or maybe its just me.: ampx200B Processing img e09ocb579eo41.... A day in the life of a healthcare provider working with coronavirus patients. Got a home quarantined stamp today 23rd March from the govt which expires on 19th March Everyone has gone crazy or maybe its just me.. I need some help.: [This is not my situation but my sisters] I am a doctor. I work in Delhi. I came to Abu Road/Mount Abu on around 13th March to just visit/tour at my Mousis house. I was on an unofficial leave someone else was doing the shifts for me. I was supposed to be there by 26 March but since the Borders are sealed and the Trains are cancelled I find that not happening. What can I do I had to leave the job after a week or two in April but the councelling for my newer hospital has been postponed so I might have to push that further. I am thinking of resigning now itself so I dont have to deal with not reporting. If I should change the flair please advise.. Official Resources for Coronavirus in Hindi: Is there an official site or resources in Hindi regarding Coronavirus/Covid19 Like http//www.cdc.gov but in Hindi Theres a lot of misinformation spreading in WhatsApp groups mainly in Hindi. I just wanna point people to an official goto source thats in Hindi. Heres a few Ive found so far Ministry Of Health Official Website in Hindi doesnt have anything regarding Corona https//main.mohfw.gov.in/hi Tweets from MoHFWINDIA Ministry of Health India https//twitter.com/MoHFWINDIA/status/1241955217928847360 https//twitter.com/MoHFWINDIA/status/1241671212675317761 https//twitter.com/MoHFWINDIA/status/1241637549304578048 https//twitter.com/MoHFWINDIA/status/1240549295209754625 https//twitter.com/MoHFWINDIA/status/1242012638336487424. Meanwhile Modis Press Information Bureau PIB be like. Data Where does India stand on the coronavirus curve. Necessary command. What happens when this lasts for a few months: I am not talking about the economy I know thats in the shitter but what about food and supplies If we are not working how are we supposed to buy supplies If the govt gives ration would that be enough Before you downvote me consider this because its a real possibility. Our country has lot of unique issues that are simply not there in developed countries.. WhatsApp University Fake Information How it spreads. Digital classes in every school Delhi govt sets aside Rs 100 crore Dy CM Sisodia in Budget speech. With people like Amitabh Bachchan talking publicly like this COVID19 isnt the only disease we are fighting. The tweet has since been deleted.. Just saw an open access document of peoples names and addresses who have traveled abroad earlier this year Rajasthan officials document. The document was titled Rajasthan Corna Virus passengers. Heard people are mass forwarding these documents from other states too.: Seriously. This is not helpful and has a very high risk of people getting lynched. Is somebody covering this in the news This needs to be stopped.. The billionperson question If covid19 takes hold in India the toll will be grim Asia The Economist. Not only did Ministry of Corporate Affairs introduce a Corona readiness check to harass corporates but even that page is not working. Finance Ministry under Seetharaman is an absolute failure on all fronts. What the hell is happening Why is the government afraid to remove such misconceptions. Numerous Mass Gatherings on 22 March 5pm Thali Bajao Moment taken to another level. Its a pundemic. Punjab imposes curfew to enforce lockdown.. Haldi khau. The first fight against COVID19 starts with calling out and bashing anyone who shares fake WhatsApp forwards . Coronavirus positive Coimbatore girl landed in Bengaluru took train from the city. Govt Asks Hotstar Netflix Others to Drop VideoStreaming Quality. Coronavirus Covid19 Are we in Stage 3 : [removed]. Underlying Conditions Indias coronavirus crisis was decades in the making. Protect yourself against the new coronavirus COVID19: [removed]. Ending the world by celebrating it: [https//twitter.com/srivatsayb/status/1241748024591712257]https//twitter.com/srivatsayb/status/1241748024591712257 Am sure people from the future would see this as a cue on how the world ended who contributed actively to the end of a civilization. In fact am thinking of a parody movie how Indus valley civilization ended. Quick plot summary A civilization rose. Engineers built dams drainage roads cities. It attracted many from elsewhere. Later generations of locals ended up starting a cold war with outsiders. Then came a leader who used this mistrust and conflict as a great opportunity and rose to power. And then the calamity hit in form of a disease. And the leader declared to clang utensils and shout Go morona Go And they all went an entire civilzation vanished. The relatively critical ones just packed up shit and migrated elsewhere. Wanna build more on it Fun fact mohenjodaro in Sindhi is loosely mound of the dead. Coronavirus testing. Coronavirus SC mulls shutting down sealing court premises. Thread by SaketGokhale Theres something VERY FISHY going on with Covid19 testing kits in India. Prima facie it reeks of corruption amp favoritism in a pandemic. Statewide curfew imposed in Punjab: State wide curfew imposed in Punjab. All shops are being closed. Police has started patrolling the street and sending anyone back home. Punjab is now the first state to do so. No end date specified by the government. Src https//www.tribuneindia.com/news/fullcurfewimposedacrosspunjabnorelaxation60035. Delhi Lockdown: [removed]. Janta Curfew 22nd March: It did worse than it did good. Many people who were asymptomatic carriers came on the roads and did jalsa spreaded the microbes to others. We can see the effect of this 10 days from now.. Indian test kits may be nonstarter. WhatsApp University.. Delhi Case No. 10 How coronavirus may have been spreading stealthily but rapidly. Keep yourself updated and share it with others too.: 41 79 893 1892 This is the official World Heath Organization number if you text them Hi on WhatsApp youll receive a menu with a number of actions and will keep you updated with information and stats regarding the outbreak and the virus itself. Share it with others as well including the members of your WhatsApp family groups as I think it may help stop fake news and those stupid forwards in these crucial times. [WHO Health Alert brings COVID19 facts to billions via WhatsApp]https//www.who.int/newsroom/featurestories/detail/whohealthalertbringscovid19factstobillionsviawhatsapp. Rant Dumbwits branding people as bigots who criticize the clapping: I saw a meme which made an analogy where Indians were heartened to see Italians clapping showing their solidarity and when we did it ourselves we saw it as an embarrassment. 1. This whole idea of clapping on one side might help in boosting morale. However its just a distraction by the government which has no proper plan of action lack of testing centres kits per capita hospital beds economic measures for the low class people etc. 2. Italians were clapping because they were enthralled by the service of medical professionals who are trying their best to contain the situation for the past 2 months. It is this government which cut down the health budget by 20 when it came to power https//www.scientificamerican.com/article/indiaslasheshealthbudgetalreadyoneoftheworldslowest/ and has shown contempt in the past asking us all to clap for their service. Ffs we dont even have a data in a realist sense and the whole drill failed when lakhs of Indians took this shit to the streets and roads and defied the entire purpose of social distancing. 3. Im M20. Im appalled to see friends from my same age group who mindlessly forward these Whatsapp texts which claim clapping to boost immunity and they themselves arguing it is an energy medicine. Clearly these people dont have the scientific temperament which even the Constitution requires us to do so. 4. One guy even told me to focus on what lies ahead instead of dwelling on the past when I cited how lethargic the government has been in the past with regard to healthcare sector and implementing testing measures in the wake of the virus. Im just dumbfounded by this argument that I should not talk about what happened already. When all hells break loose Ill send the same shit to him again. 5. Another bhakt asked me how am I helping in complaining about the government measures. He didnt reply back when I asked him how clapping would help. Im sorry about the long rant but I wanted to vent it all out since most of my friends are least interested in having a discussion/argument as it requires a brain or they are already brainwashed by the gimmicks of politicians. Edit https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/indialockdownmaybetooslowtostopmillionsofinfections/articleshow/74764299.cms https//medium.com/covind19/predictionsandroleofinterventionsforcovid19outbreakinindia52903e2544e6. Please share this with others and use it to keep yourself updated as we.: 41 79 893 1892 This is the official World Heath Organization number if you text them Hi on WhatsApp youll receive a menu with a number of actions and will keep you updated with information and stats regarding the outbreak and the virus itself. Share it with others as well including the members of your WhatsApp family groups as I think it may help stop fake news and those stupid forwards in these crucial times. [[WHO Health Alert brings COVID19 facts to billions via WhatsApp]https//www.who.int/newsroom/featurestories/detail/whohealthalertbringscovid19factstobillionsviawhatsapp. At current rate India can see 30000 COVID19 deaths by May no hospital bed by June Data. Janata Curfew You created festivallike conditions in an atmosphere of fear and concern Sanjay Raut tells PM Modi. Janhit Mein Jaari [OC]. Bhakt level over 9000. Birds at 5 pm yesterday. COVID Lockdown essential services and commodities notified by Government: The government has notified a list of essential services and commodities which can broadly be separated into four categories ampx200B gtFood and products Groceries fruits and vegetables milk and dairyrelated products loading and unloading of wheat and rice at FCI and State food depots cattle feed and fodder. ampx200B gtMedical Medicines and other pharmaceuticals health services manufacturing of health and medical equipment. ampx200B gtOther Services Newspapers banks and ATMs post offices telecom petrol and diesel pumps ampx200B gtHousehold services Electricity and water supply sanitary services LPG supply ampx200B gtWhat is excluded from the lockdown ampx200B 1. Food outlets ration shops shops selling milk vegetables groceries meat fish and fruits markets and supply of cooking gas 2. Transportation of all goods 3. Police and Fire and Emergency Services 4. Government offices ULBs and PR institution offices postal services 5. Electricity water and municipal services 6. Banks/ATMs telecom services. Banks will provide only essential services like cash deposit and withdrawal clearing of cheques remittances and government transactions. Mobile and Internet banking will work. 7. Home delivery of food pharmacies and supply of medical equipment 8. Takeaway from restaurants 9. Shops and markets related to agriculture sericulture horticulture animal husbandry fisheries 10. Canteen services provided by government and local bodies ampx200B gtWhat will be affected ampx200B 1. All shops commercial establishments workshops godowns dealing in nonessential services 2. All labourintensive industries to work at 50 strength on rotation by ensuring social distancing 3. All IT and biotechnology units will ensure work from home except where it is not feasible 4. AC bus services of RTCs and private operators 5. InterState and interdistrict services will not be operated from COVID19 affected districts [https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/coronaviruslockdownlistofwhatwillbeaffectedandwhatwillbeavailable/article31140332.ece]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/coronaviruslockdownlistofwhatwillbeaffectedandwhatwillbeavailable/article31140332.ece [https//creatives.thehindu.com/covid\19\ebook.pdf]https//creatives.thehindu.com/covid19ebook.pdf. Amidst the national Corona medical pandemic and emergency Modi govt has just notified the 20000 crore Recreational Official amp Commercial Development Plan for Rashtrapati Bhavan Area. GO CORONA GO sure about that : uh am I the only one here thinking waitaminute [this is cheering]https//twitter.com/i/status/1241748706480623618 in support of a cause...... True OC. Shiv Sena leader. Covid response from political leaders. Dont Be Shelfish ShopResponsibly. If even educated celebrities cant separate fact from fiction God save this country.. Janata Curfew Pilibhit officials trigger row after allegedly leading march flouting social distancing rule. Were all gonna die. This is Punjab Kesari. Number of COVID19 cases per state relative to various variables: I took a look at the number of Corona cases per state and tried to relate it to factors such as Net State Domestic Product NSDP Level of foreign remittances to the state and ratio of foreign tourists to state population. The data on number of Corona cases per state should be accurate as of yesterday 22 March I will update the page every couple days or so. The results and accompanying short analyses are on [this page at the datashri website]http//datashri.com/indiancoronacasesperstateper10cr.html ampx200B The images below will show you the important stuff ampx200B [img]v39dx8dzgdo41 Number of cases per state ampx200B ampx200B [img]fg1h8n32hdo41 Number of cases per state per 10 crore population ampx200B ampx200B [img]ez97jol4hdo41 Number of cases per state per 10 crore excluding the top two. ampx200B [img]7poidab8hdo41 Number of cases per state vs. inward foreign remittance The correlation for the number of cases w.r.t. foreign remittance is 0.77 ampx200B [img]l3a5s6vbhdo41 Number of cases per state vs. Net State Domestic Product The correlation for the number of cases w.r.t. Net State Domestic Product is 0.62 ampx200B [img]20ink36fhdo41 Number of cases per state vs. ratio of foreign tourists to state population. The correlation for the number of cases w.r.t. ratio of foreign tourists to state population is 0.68 BUT this correlation is NOT significant. ampx200B Comments/suggestions/ideas are welcome.. Where are the Indian billionaires. What nowFrom his verified account.. BREAKING Corona virus finally died today in india due to shock.. This is more of an insult than a tribute to all the people from different sectors risking their lives out there for you.. Hope we all feel better now after doing the bare minimum to support medical team of our country.. This is exactly what should be avoided and people did the opposite of that in various parts of India smh. What were you doing in 2020. Janata Curfew and India: Indias Corona virus testing rate is 5000 per week Total number of tests done as of 22 march is 16109 Total Hospital beds in India 1376013 for our entire population Whole India has total of only 30000 ventilators India has 8 doctors per 10000 people 72 testing facilities which was expected to increase to 122 this week We have heavy shortage of Testing kits Isolation beds trained nurses masks and other necessary facilities for doctors Today Sensex hit the lower circuit twice happened this month. No relief package even for those who are worst affected. But instead of questioning these we are here clapping our hands and bartan. We Indians will bang our bartans but not ask what they are doing for essential service providers. This serves as good distraction for the people. Dont get me wrong Im happy to clap for people serving us. Im happy to stay home so hospitals arent overloaded. But we need actions too.. Created a website that shows safe places to visit during this Corona pandemic: [removed]. New cases take India coronavirus numbers to 415 crucial info from ICMR likely tomorrow. Bengaluru is peaceful. cooooool. Going out for groceries.: How are you protecting yourself when you are out for groceries How do you shield yourself from the crowd there I am looking for different perspectives here. I know to wash hands with soap for 20 sec but what else. Taking what steps make you feel you are content that you are clean. What the Janata curfew turned out to be... A ticking time bomb population wipe out.. Ordered from Amazon.in it was supposed to be a pack of 4.. Officially or unofficially India in lockdown restrictions put in place in 82 districts:  Even as the daylong nationwide janata curfew called for by Prime Minister Narendra Modi drew to a close on Sunday evening much of India came under a lockdown with most state governments extending total public transport shutdown and other restrictions for varying periods to fight the spread of Covid19.. Stop watching videos of a few people coming out after 5 pm yesterday and assume the lockdown failed. Stop criticizing govt despite their efforts to impose a lockdown without causing a frenzy.: I just cant take these stupid posts anymore. Everyone talks only about the clapping and a very few videos of very few people in Mumbai who came out yesterday. It WAS NOT like that everywhere. In case it went over your head 80 districts in India are in a lockdown in India until March 31. State Govts issued clear guidelines on how the lockdown must be imposed. There is no public transport in any major cities. There is no Uber/Ola. All offices have given holidays to everyone except for hospitals press and other emergency services. Schools are closed colleges are closed. State borders are also fucking closed. You cant drive into other states now. Most of the domestic flights are grounded. Vegetable prices have been hiked to prevent people from mass buying. The PM just released a statement saying hes unhappy with the lockdown and states must be even stricter. Imagine if this lockdown is imposed irresponsiby taking the advice of you geniuses. People would go into a frenzy they would raid the grocery stores. Lockdown is the most effective way to face Coronavirus in India. The only helpful and responsible thing we can do right now is follow the guidelines and stay at home. Not be sad about people clapping from their balconies. I know this post would most probably get removed. If you just want to spread misinformation go ahead remove it.. I must confess that I clapped...: my butt cheeks. Many people still not taking lockdown seriously request states to enforce rules PM Modi:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday appealed to state governments to ensure that rules and regulations of the coronavirus lockdown are enforced as he noted that many people are not taking the measure seriously.. Indians come out in hordes to celebrate Modis call for social distancing. Welcome to stage 3 Another Masterstroke.. Our priests always knew this. The people vs common sense Janata Curfew. Delhi Police has registered a case under section 509 of the Indian Penal Code against a man who allegedly spat on a woman belonging to Manipur and called her Corona in Vijay Nagar area of north Delhi last night.. Social distancing experiment successful or failure. Narendra Modi PM Modi bats for epayment will aid social distancing. This needs to be shared on whatsapp iand not superstitions. Business as usual in Delhi.: Despite being under lockdown and only essential services functioning I havent seen any change in normal traffic. It feels as if yesterdays curfew didnt actually happen and was only a figment of my imagination. I am really saddened by these turn of events nobody actually cares about the virus and its effects this has been exacerbated by relatively low number of cases in India due to low testing. I have noticed the same in other countries as well which are even more affected like UK USA etc. The DM and SP of Pilibhit who apparently are educated individuals and cleared UPSC went out with a crowd at 5 pm and it makes me wonder who did these people managed to clear UPSC as well as call themselves educated and elite. What a farce. Many people are still not taking the lockdown seriously. Please save yourself save your family follow the instructions seriously. I request the state governments to get the rules and laws followed.. What can India do to control Coronavirus Learn from China and Korea. Indian COVID19 Test kits may be nonstarter. Tali bajao Corona bhagao. Tali bajao Corona bhagao. Kolkata Police Showing the Way Source Kolkata Police Official Facebook Page. coronavirus updates India lockdown may be too slow to stop millions of coronavirus infections. This is how we supported janta curfew. We are praying for global health. indiafightscorona. deadly cosmic vibrations. Covid19 Kerala confirms 15 new cases on Sunday states tally reaches 67. Our Construction Company is making us work despite lock down ordered in Punjab by State Government.: I work in a reputed construction company which is currently constructing petrochemical refinery in state of Punjab. In spite of orders of lock down from Punjab Government yesterday[22032020] to 31032020 The company has called workersmainly laborers and staff to work. Around 23000 construction workers work in the plant construction. There is fingerprint screening gate barriers at entry gate where everybody has to stand in long ques to enter the barrier gates. Also the residence of laborers are in a very unhygienic condition where they live around 3500 persons in a same colony and at least 5 persons reside in the same room. there is only 150 toilets and bathrooms of these 3500 person. I dont know what is going to here if a single person gets infected. update at 943 a.m they had a meeting in which they declared if any body doesnt want to work can stay at home and they will not be paid for their absence. God save us.. Aap hamare desh ko nagrik ho... you are a citizen of this country... Imagine being told that in your own country.. A realistic analysis of the probability of India containing this pandemic.: Lets think realistically given the size population and diversity of India it would be super difficult to contain COVID19. No it wont be the fault of the government its because it is statistically and logistically next to impossible. For some perspective South Korea has a population of about 5.5 crores Italy has a population of 6.2 crores and Uttar Pradesh alone has a population of 20 crores. China can contain it with its 1B population because it is autocratic and was able to surveil every citizen. Democracies are much more vulnerable because the government is accountable for every action. Since every decision takes time it aids further in the spread of infection. Now guess which is the largest democracy in the world At a bare minimum to at least trigger the downfall of new cases South Korea conducted 5200 tests per million which for our 1B population would equate to quickly testing at least 5200000 [52 lacs] individuals which is a huge number. So far India has tested just about 14175 people as of writing this with no plans in place to conduct the required level of testing. Now to be fair it is not realistic to expect any government to conduct 52 lac tests for such a huge diverse and unregulated economy in a very short timeframe for an infection that noone yet has a complete understanding of. Now given all these numbers and facts it would take massive large scale testing like to contain the virus. Since there are no plans as such it looks unrealistic. Even if we manage to flatten the curve for some time what happens when we resume our lives again The threat of this infection gaining traction again would never be zero. In all probability the only way out of this is a vaccine to be available for mass consumption which even with an optimistic estimate is at least 6 months away. Until then for the foreseeable future our current life could be the new normal because we are stuck in a paradox where completely containing COVID19 doesnt look realistic and herd immunity could not be achieved because we are trying to contain it. I hope Im wrong.. Data Where does India stand on the coronavirus curve. OUR CONSTRUCTION COMPANY IS MAKING US WORK DESPITE LOCK DOWN ORDERED IN PUNJAB: [removed]. Leaders with rationale and scientific temper os whats needed during a pandemic.. Are the stats understated on COVID19 in India: With just 17000 testing done so far INDIA has identified 360 infections as of today. But the lockdown of several districts across the nations shows the seriousness. Are statistics provided by Gov is real. Covid19 outbreak How Delhis case No. 10 mayve set chain reaction. People in India at 5 pm.... IDIOTS. Fighting Coronavirus with culture.: What do the Indian redditors feel to be the most effective in fighting coronavirus from the following options A Cow shit and Cow piss B Singing Go Corona C Standing in the balcony at 5pm and clapping to generate super cosmic vibrations. D All of the above Choose wisely Jai Hindu Rashtra. Apparently this is what lockdown means SourceANINewsUP. Opinion We need to know their needs rather than just clapping hands: Over the weekend I did some study on how China controlled the corona dude proactively. Its a nobrainer. Believe in your doctors and the medical system. Provide what they need. Just follow the rules and do nothing else. I believe these things are pretty much diluted over here. We the fundamental element of this democracy need to hear out the concerns and needs of our docs police disease control and others who help us to get through this phase rather than clapping hands from our houses. In terms of funds equipments and PPEs we should be ready to help them. Govt cannot and will not be able to publish the real numbers. So we gotta access the situation in a way Koreans have dealt. HELP THEM TO HELP US... Coronavirus 80 Cities Across India Go Into Lockdown Till March 31. What It Means. A Manipuri girl at Vijay Nagar Delhi was spat on by an middle aged man and shouted at Corona before fleeing on his white scooty.. Coronavirus 80 people will experience coldlike fever recover on their own says ICMR DG India News Times of India. Karnataka Governor BJP member gathering a crowd to celebrate janata curfew how does the country elect such buffoons: At 5 PM yesterday the [Karnataka Governor gathered a huge gang to celebrate the curfew]https//twitter.com/karnatakavarthe/status/1241703047216029700s21 on the orders of Mudi jeee. Social distancing what When the leaders of the nation are such clueless morons what do we expect from the people of the country who follow such leaders No wonder lakhs of them ended up on the streets instead of sitting at home and maintaining curfew BJP fanatics still claim that Modi raised awareness about Coronavirus. What Modi really did was expose lakhs of people to the virus during 5 minutes of stupidity. Literally whole days effort got wasted because Modi living in his sab changa sii bubble still doesnt understand the common man of the country. He could have avoided the drama but that wouldnt fulfill his massive ego. His silly chestthumping message put lakhs of people directly at risk of being exposed to the virus. This is the kind of response you expect from an uneducated chaiwallah whose claim to fame is polarising rabble rousing speeches Hindutva terror and very little administrative competence much less handling an unprecedented pandemic crisis.. Corona Go. News satire in Hyderabadi style.. Indian celebrity:  7.5 . https//f87kg.app.goo.gl/nBf5akGR8Twf6nMZ9 https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.ak.ta.dainikbhaskar.activity. OUR CONSTRUCTION COMPANY IS MAKING US WORK DESPITE LOCK DOWN ORDERED IN PUNJAB: I work in a reputed construction company which is currently constructing petrochemical refinery in state of Punjab. In spite of orders of lock down from Punjab Government yesterday\[22032020\] to 31032020 The company has called workersmainly laborers and staff to work. Around 23000 construction workers work in the plant construction. There is fingerprint screening gate barriers at entry gate where everybody has to stand in long ques to enter the barrier gates. Also the residence of laborers are in a very unhygienic condition where they live around 3500 persons in a same colony and at least 5 persons reside in the same room. there is only 150 toilets and bathrooms of these 3500 person. I dont know what is going to here if a single person gets infected. ampx200B God save us.. Angela Merkel German Chancellor quarantine Herself To Save Herself From Coronavirus . Coronavirus ye dekh ke khuhi bhag jayenge... Your actions have serious consequences. Act responsibly.: Its the first day of complete lockdown here in Delhi. I went out on to the balcony to see the situation. Saw one person walking back from the park and another one doing yoga there. I know it might seem that just one little trip to this place or that place wont make a difference but of course it does. Dont go out unless it is absolutely essential. Before going out ask yourself Can I survive for a few weeks without doing this If the answer is yes then please dont go out. It might not feel so but these things have consequences. Your actions mean life or death for actual human beings. This isnt a game. This isnt an adventure. Millions of lives are at stake. You are responsible for these lives. Act responsibly.. Desperate times desperate Indian pilot. Indian pilot. Desperate times desperate Indian pilot. India at critical stage in coronavirus outbreak: [removed]. Only 5 patients affected by Covid19 require hospitalisation ICMR DG Balram Bhargava. The last time any disease concerned the whole country this much was myasthenia gravis in 1984 /s: Dont know how many here are old enough to remember suddenly so many in India knowing what [myasthenia gravis]https//www.indiatoday.in/magazine/indiascope/story/19840630amitabhbachchanhospitalisedfortreatmentofraremusclediseasemyastheniagravis80306119840630 was https//www.indiatoday.in/magazine/indiascope/story/19840630amitabhbachchanhospitalisedfortreatmentofraremusclediseasemyastheniagravis80306119840630. Real Face Of Power. Annoyed with the misinformation: Is it possible to file an FIR against the people who spread misinformation. I am really annoyed by the lies that have been spread out by the girl who said clapping will kill the virus or that the lifespan of virus is 12 hrs or that NASA detected some cosmic radiation around 5 pm yesterday. At this point of time misinformation is really destructive. Look at what some dumb idiots did yesterday after 5 pm by coming out to celebrate. We were doing so well and due to negligence of some dumb idiots we have worsened the situation. I dont blame the people who shared the news or believed it because it gives them hope that if they do something right the virus will go away. But it was extremely irresponsible of the people who started this misinformation. They should be fined heavily to ensure such lies are not spread anymore in public.. International flights lockdown: When is there a lockdown on international flights to Delhi and Mumbai till Some reports say 29th some say 31st.. Flight to Pune after New Delhi: Hello all. I am a stranded university student currently abroad. I am taking the first flight out from USA to New Delhi through Air India. I do not want to spread the virus to anyone and will take full precaution I just want to reach my family since right now I have no where to live and am living in a strangers house because my uni kicked us out. My question is can I fly from Chicago to New Delhi and then fly to Pune 23 days later or do I have to stay in New Delhi for 2 weeks before flying to my family. Also is it possible for me to instead fly Chicago to Pune and take Delhi as a stopover. Will I be allowed to fly to Pune once I land in Delhi if I add it as a stopover 3 hour stopover Thank you. STAY IN TO SAVE LIVES flair. List of Government Laboratories for Covid 19 testing. Is curfew over: Im not in India but from what Ive heard the curfew went pretty well until 5 PM and then it was a shit show. So are we doing curfew for the next few dayscouldnt find this info online or Are we back to businessif this is the case what the fuck is wrong with govt and is Modi not even listening to experts opinion and making decisions based on stupid whatsapp forwards . Why didnt we stop incoming international flights altogether to tackle corona at least since the start of March: It seems our authorities are doing fairly good job of quarantining people with symptoms and tracing the contacts of positive cases. But it looks like travellers without any symptoms at the airport are asked to homequarantine themselves. Whats puzzling me is these people travel in public transport to their homes and obviously it is possible to transmit the disease during this time. We may not have capacity to quarantine all the inbound travellers for 14 days. Why not stop all the international flights with exceptions and wait for the crisis to improve Can our embassies in other countries not take care of our countrymen there in coordination with the local governments and airlines This is global crisis and everyone knows travel will exacerbate the situation Why not make maximum number of people stay put wherever they are PS This post is not intended to criticize anyone. Just want to know your perspectives on this.. This is how Mumbai police acting up on people who arent following the curfew imposed due to Covid19. Do watch. Typically buzzing with traffic the Mumbais Rajiv Gandhi sea link appears empty as India imposed a curfew in an effort to slow the spread of the novel coronavirus.. The last time any pandemic concerned the whole country this much was myasthenia gravis in 1984 /s. Corona virus. Natural selection guys. Lets start pressuring the Indian Government to start mass testing for COVID19: [removed]. Disappointed and embarrassed about the conduct of some countrymen.:  As a health care worker it was sad for me to watch WhatsApp statuses and videos about people celebrating the curfew. I have close friends working in the clinics with shortage of PPE. It showed the dark truth of the condition of our country one of ignorance and apathy. Just ranting here. Please take care everyone.. After go corona go and Thali bajao another gem from the Indian government. Android coronavirus malware was created in India. hot take Ignorance is a bigger plague on society than any virus: [removed]. 500 million Indians to be affected by the virus within July says Dr Ramanan Laxminaryan a lecturer at Princeton and Director at the Washington based Cente for Disease Dynamics Economics amp Policy. Dear India for ffs please dont be like UK: [removed]. Can we have this implemented in India please. India needs to act not practice drills and do drama: Incredibly frustrated with the underestimation of the challenges this virus posts to the country with the worst possible leader to handle this at the helm of the country and in many states. Except for a handful of states the leaders are more focused on drama and not an educated understanding of the problem at hand despite the time we have been given to act. India doesnt need drills. India doesnt need shows of solidarity India needs to take in the facts and act. For starters ramping up testing production of PPEs for medical personnel more aggressive extended shutdowns and production of critical medical devices such as ventilators. Who gives a rats ass about people clapping in the balconies What does it provide to the healthcare workers they need substance to support them not drama. Unless Indias R0 is crazy low due to the latitude and heat and we get lucky this PM is the worst case scenario for the country. So far he doesnt seem to have thought through or even understand many of the steps that need to be taken aggressively I didnt expect him to. All this drama isnt getting us anywhere. I am afraid that our healthcare systems are going to be overwhelmed in a matter of days and we are likely to be one of the least equipped countries to handle this despite having some time to prepare for this calamity and strengthening the healthcare industry. What is worse is when we finally come over this we would have not learnt our lessons and we wont be any better prepared for a future pandemic. I really hope that we overcome all of this with minimal damage but the number of lives that could have been saved if we had a more capable leader at the helm is going to leave a mark nevertheless and the fact that most people even the educated wouldnt see this for us to have a better future is sadder.. [Meta] So are we just gonna ignore the fact that subreddit tagline havent been changed from United We Stand to Divided We Survive: [removed]. This had to be said... Can we create a list of all cities where all these idiots came out on streets at 5 If your city is on the list take care your family dont go out dont let anyone come in to your house. Be careful.: [removed]. This was required.. Curfew day. When attacking your utensils is an acceptable response: Brazilians protest over Bolsonaros muddled coronavirus response https//www.theguardian.com/world/2020/mar/22/braziliansprotestbolsonarocoronaviruspanelacoCMPShareAndroidAppPostonReddit. Covid19: [removed]. [Anxiety Help] loosing sleep over Covid 19: [removed]. I dont wanna sound like a Bhakt but hear me out.: Yesterdays exercise of clapping and banging thalis was done to show gratitude towards people who are risking their safeties for our sake. Policemen doctors etc. However a lot of people actually came out on the street and thats stupid. But I also see another group of stupid that blame the pm for this. If you hear the whole speech you will notice that he said to come out on YOUR BALCONIES. In your own personal safe space while maintaining social distance. It was supposed to be an act of harmony and unison in its action and not what actually happened. All Im saying is that all the liberals stop shifting the blame of everything on the PM. Sometimes the people of our country are rtarded. Ps Im not a Bhakt but It irritates me when I see people blindly put accusations and then watch other people agree with those like sheep.. How do I help: [removed]. What is Coronavirus and how to prevent it explained in a simple way. While it is great to applaud and cheer for our emergency response professionals lets not forget to think about the people who do not have the privilege or the money to stay at home. Lets remember to help the people in need around us and that we give paid leaves to our house helps. [linesbyjose]. Bang your dishes and then spit on people. Delhi is racist as hell.. Todays event proves that COVID19 is merely one of the big problems with India: People conducting all sorts of social practices after 5pm today fits perfectly well into Darwins theory. Natural selection will eventually filter out these dumbfucks and the rest with atleast half a brain to realise the adversities will survive. After seeing todays events it makes perfect sense to me why this nation is still so backward. COVID19 is only one of the huge problems we have. This nation has to deal with several others too.. Illustration by linesbyjose on instagram.: [removed]. They wont probably even be affected by the lockdown now.. Before Coronavirus Pandemics That Almost Wiped Out Humanity. Jai hind dosto. Corona out now spread the message of social distancing and be safe. For the love of God your loved ones and anything thats dear to you ACT Now. Develop a spine no more showmanship assume citizens will not comply and act decisively. GOI a massacre is about to happen if you dont and you should act like it.: [removed]. Yo India American here WHAT IS GOING ON OVERTHERE: from what i can understand the country observed the/a janta curfew for 14 hours....and people are now out and about on the streets CELEBRATING as if covid19 is gone dont be florida. The Guy in Picture is in fact Brazils President . Someone please stop these WhatsApp Forwards. The Guy in Picture is in fact Brazils President . Someone please stop these WhatsApp Forwards. Subreddit for India related to Novel Coronavirus r/IndiaVsCorona: [removed]. Please help me share this treatment info for Corona Virus: So there is this french Doctor that has dicovered a treatment for COVID19Even Trump recently tweeted about it. He achived it with the compostion of already existing chemical medicines. But the problem according to the Doctor is there is not enough meds produced to treat all of europeian countires because their infection rates are way higher then any countries. So they are probably going to start producing the required meds. But in the mean time If you guys know Docs have any Docs in your family or any goverment officials that can maybe help reverse engineer the cure medicine with the exisitng chemical meds we have. Please share/ read the documented medical trial performed on patients [https//www.mediterraneeinfection.com/wpcontent/uploads/2020/03/Hydroxychloroquine\final\DOI\IJAA.pdf\\r1.45009d6aac635709f55696e24d6dd28b]https//www.mediterraneeinfection.com/wpcontent/uploads/2020/03/HydroxychloroquinefinalDOIIJAA.pdfr1.45009d6aac635709f55696e24d6dd28b. Contactless delivery not being an option will this approach work for accepting online orders face to face: [removed]. Indians right now. We really Dont have any Idea how deep it is spread: The number of tests a day are very Less. The place where Im living rn doesnt have any testing lab. I have mild symptoms of it bohot fati hai. So if unfortunately Ive it then there are other million people have the same issue. Im having those CHERNOBYL vibes. I think we are fucked. India is corona free. Doctors and nurses express their gratitude for 5PM5Minutes. Corona in India Today: [removed]. Few videos from the 5pm gratitude event. LoCoronaLo. The single most important insight of the entire Corona Epidemic Naftali Bennett. [OC] Get Your COVID19 Virus Questions Answered On BustCorona.Net website Live WebChat : [removed]. Doesnt look like appreciation: [removed]. Does the government provide any data related to how many people they are testing: [removed]. The 5pm madness Go Corona Go. Just when you are expecting Corona cases to go down. People at 5 pm on road be like. The 5pm madness Go Corona Go. The Mumbai Police are being unreasonable.: [removed]. Is there a simple ventilator design that is available publicly: [removed]. Coronavirus right now. Now with fizz.. Turmeric milk. Turmeric milk. UP Police hosting the corona party. Now with fizz.. Operation successful Corona virus retreating from India confirmed by NASA. Quarantine Diary Day 1. I wonder street dogs must be the most confused ones in India right now: [removed]. Undoing all the good effects of quarantine in trying to appreciate the essential services. What is the long term plan for Coronavirus: My district is among the ones that will be closed down till the 31st. A good measure shouldve been done sooner but better now than never. This will definitely slow down transmission if followed correctly but what is the long term plan We cannot have this forever without devastating economic and other losses. A vaccine is atleast a year away and herd immunity is a country like ours is not very feasible. Whats the other option Not necessarily for India but other affected countries. Janta curfew going so well. you can spot a police officer too. Day 1 of self isolation in Mumbai India. The current state of N95 mask listing on Amazon. Superpower 2020. Meanwhile in Gujarat. PimpriChinchwadPune during Janata Curfew. India is not ready for this: India is not ready for this pandemic. People are not prepared at all. Neither mentally nor financially. The projections say that India is just 11 days behind from becoming what US is today. People are acting like retarded kindergarten kids. They are taking this quarantine like a vacation. Government doesnt have enough ventilators or doctors. Most people dont have access to hospitals. If it gets worse its the dead end for the middle class.. Brain.exe stopped working. AhmedabadKhadiya me rally nikal di.. Poore concept ki pattar thok di . Every community has its quacks. Bot to get information about Covid19 in India: [removed]. What do you call a Coronavirus with sweet tooth: [removed]. Janata curfew success in killing corona Time to celebrate with a Baraat... socialdistancing. Indian migrant workers crowd trains defying virus curfew. Beating the Corona out. This is Heights.. Synopsis of what exactly happened at 5pm: Modi asks people to clap and bang plates to show solidarity. Most of us expected that people wouldnt take it seriously. But the IT cell by then started spreading rumours of 1214 hrs virus span astrology vibrations shankh killing virus blah blah. I saw even the educated ones in my contacts forwarding these messages. Most people who participated never knew it was about showing solidarity but they thought it was to kill the virus. At 5pm everyone starts banging and clapping. People like me were surprised that everyone took it seriously. Now the ones who posted online started hiding this superstition surrounding this event under the disguise of showing solidarity towards doctors etc. Normally people who hate Modi also started supporting this cringe because afterall they too thought everyone was emotional and showing their support whereas in reality most of them were superstitious.. Indoris are quite something Huge rallies in Indore at 5 PM to celebrate the success of Janata Curfew. Case Study of Covid19 spread in India. The entry Gate To the Society has been closed from 700 am Today to show support to Janata curfew in pune. We should really quarantine ourselves atleast for next week.. Acha lagta nahi ab shaeen bagh walo protest nahi karna chahiye...iss covid19 k chalte hue: [removed]. India planning to get testing kits from South Korea Coronavirus News India News. Janata curfew was a great success time to celebrate with a baraat socialdistancing . How Spend time during... Travelled from Bangalore to Mumbai no checking at airport.: [removed]. Indian twitter has found the cure for Corona virus. Indian mob warding off coronavirus by making noise. Pod Mapping for Mutual Aid Covid19. Its a way of paying respect to the people who are out there protecting us. They are risking their lives. This is the least we can do. Dont be this guy.. Visuals from Ahmedabad Hundreds of people gathered amid the deadly Coronavirus scare to participate in the JantaCurfew. Telangana Lockdown. Thank you everyone. Bihar reports first coronavirus death. These North Easterns were thrown out from their apartment just because of their mongoliad features and also accused them of spreading covid19. This is getting out of hand now. The govt should do something about this xenophobia towards NE people. Racism at its peak Please share .. Indian Army Applauds For The Heroes Of India During Janta Curfew. Fucking Morons in India celebrating the curfew announced to stop the spread of Corona Virus. Free Rations Pensions For 72 Lakh People Arvind Kejriwal Amid Coronavirus Scare In Delhi. Lets help ourselves.. None can encourage peep like Indians. Mission accomplished Modiji. Were doomed. Indonesias covid19 cases surge to 450 asymptomatic persons warned as potential carriers. Well done Modiji Your followers are great as you are.. More than one billion Indians in lockdown Live updates. People have gone mad for this clapping 5 oclock business: I mean they ar taking out mass rallies while banging vessels and making noise. Mass rallies when you should maintain social distancing. How much dumber can people be Its just stupidity which is going to kill a whole lot of us. When the prime minister asks people to do something they should have thought at least in these panic times. But no they are just merry making thinking that it might actually kill the virus and save them. We have failed ourselves.. This is what an Indian Curfew looks like.... Especially when they have been told to avoid public gatherings...... Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal announces lockdown till March 31 borders to be sealed. Looks like Covid19 got a new name here very apt Id say.. Today the UN stands in solidarity with Indias 1.2 billion citizens to pay homage to the silent heroes of the nation. we salute the coronawarriors who stand firmly between the country and the covid19 pandemic working tirelessly to serve others. Source UNinIndia. Have a feeling that dad has Corona I am from Bihar: [removed]. Hopefully this wont be the situation in India at 901 PM today.. Narendra Modi Your janta curfew has failed if you cant educate people.. Covid19 Naga youths forced to spend 24 hours in Gujarat quarantine despite no travel no symptom. Apne taali bajayi ki nahi. Indias Day off. Janata Curfew. Problem solved it seems. Looking for any advice on how to help a US citizen that is currently stuck in India: Hi everyone Im posting on behalf of a close friend who has been trying to come home to the US for the past few days. She is currently on lockdown in her hostel which has intermittent connectivity so Im doing my best to find any and all info for her that could help to get her home. Recently we found out that India has a put a pause on all flights entering and leaving the country in an attempt to control the coronavirus outbreak. Weve heard that right now this is only for a week but due to the state of the world at the moment many people are very uncertain as to how long this will last. Judging from the way the US has handled these situations in other countries like Morocco were worried that they wont be of much help right now. Ive been doing my own research trying to find out what options she has but its been difficult so any and all advice that anyone has about this situation will be much appreciated.. WhatsApp and fake news name a more iconic couple.... Lockdown and grocery shopping: A lot has been happening the past few weeks and we see ourself heading to the point where we will have fights in the grocery stores for supplies. Most nations that have problems with stocks of essentials are those that are importers. India being a manufacturing hub will not face those problems. However the manufacturing and distribution sector are equipped to handle the consumption and not hoarding. People are stocking up on essentials as if they are preparing for the apocalypse. This leads to stockouts on the shelves which leads to further panic. We get to a point where some people have enough for a few months while others dont have enough for the rest of day. I work in food distribution and the entire industry is what doing at nearly full capacity. The shelves are being restocked everyday and will continue to get restocked. We do not need to panic about running out of food and essentials. We do need to need to hoard. The best we can do is to remain calm and plan two weeks ahead. Nobody needs to hoard more than that. There will always be food available in the supermarkets as long as we buy only as much as we need. If we keep on hoarding we will only continue to feed the vicious cycle of panic buying.. Coronavirus 8 states in lockdown as Indias positive count mounts to 383. Bhag Corona. Celebrating Surgical Strike Against Corona Virus.. Just an enthusiastic citizen acknowledging the great work of medical fraternity: [https//twitter.com/vividBharati/status/1241700780907925504s20]https//twitter.com/vividBharati/status/1241700780907925504s20. COVID 1700 hours. Lockdowns not enough to defeat coronavirus WHOs Ryan. Unpopular Opinion 5 p.m. Janata Curfew: [removed]. There was an attempt to support the medical staff. Found this on Facebook. Not sure if its real.. Why are you clapping: I dont understand y people are clappingif we ask the same question to bhakts they say its encouragement for doctors and it is way of thanking them. Doctors are not saving peoples life from when corona started.They were doing it even before thatshouldnt you be clapping for them dailyand also they are other professions like policemilitaryfarmers etc which are saving people by risking their life shouldnt you be clapping for them. If you want to show gratitude towards doctors y cant u give them what they wantthey are not enough kits to test people no doctor asked you for clapsthey were asking for kits and there safety. And each doctor is given with some 300 per day I dont remember. Cant you spend money on there safety and equipment when you can spend millions on statue and stadium And when a beggar asks you for food do you clappray for him instead of giving him food. Wouldnt it be helpful if you give him some food.. We have the smartest people. Another masterstroke by our dear PM. Mumbai Mirror on Twitter. Too much banging good for health no. India has one isolation bed for every 84000 Indians and one quarantine bed for every 36000 Indians. JantaCurfew Success in Mangalore Bajpe.. Social Distancing. To all those who said we shouldnt clap or clang today: [removed]. Well they didnt even wait for the curfew to end. no words to express JantaCurfew. If you know you know.. After having successful clapped to raise the national vibration with an attitude of gratitude in the Janta Curfew Im sure Indian health professionals would appreciate adequate testing centres test kits protection gear isolation wards ventilators to see through this outbreak.: There are no test centres in my state. The government hospital has some suspected cases. The samples are to be sent to another state. And God knows when will we get the results. The health care professionals are not having adequate PPE. What next. Whom we should really clap for at 5pm.. Exactly... Can I order anything from Amazon during the curfew: [removed]. My take on janta curfew.: Im not really into politics and all that. I give credit where its due. I speak against religion be it islam or Hinduism where I think I should. I speak against political parties where they make a mistake. I dont think that clapping was the real issue today. Many of the people think so but I beg to differ. This was a gesture to the doctors and many people facing covid on the Frontline and an appeal to stand United against a virus which will not see your religion caste gender or you social status. For months weve been divided clapping was merely anything but a gesture. The real issue is that There were people who were making this a political thing and there were idiots who were banging thaalis for more than 10 minutes moreover going down to the streets and forming crowds and then there were super idiots who were burning crackers. I know that govt. is not testing more cases we lack medical equipments. Govt right now are only trying to stop the spread which is wrong but there are people who are not ready to cooperate and thus making us vulnerable to the virus. People are literally going down the streets and Ending all the progress we made from the morning. This negligence and Idiocracy is going to cost us. Its about time we stand together and stop peddling our propaganda. Dont spread fake news and criticize where you should give credit where its due. Once again. Im just a citizen who is worried about this situation and asking you all to be a bit more optimistic and do your part properly and make others do their part properly. Thank you.. Whom we should really clap for at 5pm.. Jacquelie Fernandez Katrina Kaif Varun Dhawan And Sonu Sood URGE People To Be Safe And Indoor. Watch the full Video Now. Rampant WhatsApp university lecture forwards would make matters even worse. And thats sad.... Coronavirus All passenger trains metro interstate bus services suspended till March 31 complete lockdown in 75 districts. Corona Pyaar Hai. The thing that these people take the current situation so lightlyis unbelievable. For god sake can we pls stop being so ignorant at least for once For our own sake. This video is of south vasanaahmedabad taken around 5.15pmshows how people have literally taken this janata curfewso lightly.. Coronavirus Fallout Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal announces lockdown until March 31. Next level. Ok friends coronavirus is officially ded as per whatsapp experts.. Applause of hope. What would you have me do. Help required: We need Help Tirunelveli An elderly couple in their 70s need help in getting groceries and essentials from the market due to the pandemic. The gentleman is completely bedridden and the lady is finding it difficult to go to the market. Any volunteer will be much appreciated and we would be grateful for the help. Feroz 919791728876. Meanwhile in Mumbai. Thats how people from the different parts of the country have shown gratitude to their real heroes...a must watch video and please do share 5baje5minute PauseAndApplause jantacurfew22march IndiaFightsCorona IndiaComeTogether coronaupdatesindia. Social Distancing in progress at Mumbai Suburbs.. So I met my neighbors. Comic. Janta Curfew.. Modis India. To hell with this subreddits popular opinion it felt good in the evening: I am in Hyderabad the city had seen the 4th case of India around Mar 2 and most of my office mates had already started taking precautions restricting interactions blowing to full fledged work from home this week. The limited outings I had with my flatmates Badminton pubs samosa golgappas whatever arent going to be there for atleast this month according to Telangana governments advisory and for self isolation. It felt good to come out at balcony seeing faces few we havent even seen living in the same society. It had absolutely nothing to do with healing Coronavirus for fuck sake. There were people with guitar plates few clapping from their balconies. At few societies it was loud mine not so much. Few things dont make sense having a flag or an anthem during freedom struggle was just a symbolism it wont give you freedom. Soldiers chanting songs during a war wont win you one. Some things are well just for telling yourself we will get through this one too.. Social Distancing in Progress. Society from every strata stood strong in Thanksgiving to all service members: [thanksgiving video from a slum in India]https//twitter.com/ashish05jan/status/1241706966491074560s20 Society from every place stood strong in Thanksgiving to all service members. idea of JantaCurfewMarch22. thank you NASA. first the diwali pic now this.. thank you NASA. first the diwali pic now this.. Corona Music Festival Brought to you my PMO.. Darwinism will be in effect soon enough.. thank you NASA. No precautions for Medical Community the Janta Curfew did nothing: Alright so I have friends who work at hospitals and they are HIGHLY underprepared for whats happening. It was a PR stunt to get everyone to thank the medical community but there has been PRACTICALLY NOTHING done to support them. There is a gross shortage of medical supplies to keep them safe How do we expect our doctors nurses and supporting staff to remain positive and at work fighting the pandemic when the government does nothing in reality to help them HASMAT SUITS NEED TO BE A MANDATORY REQUIREMENT FOR ALL HOSPITAL STAFF MASKS AND GLOVES ARE NOT ENOUGH. Im enraged my friend said I feel like collateral damage in this pandemic as we work tirelessly to ensure it doesnt spread . Salman Khan ANGRY Reaction on Indian Citizen Foolish Behaviour Request to Follow Rules COVID19. thank you NASA. COVID19 in Bengaluru Stock up on food items for a week Read more at https//bangaloremirror.indiatimes.com/bangalore/others/covid19inbengalurustockuponfooditemsforaweek/articleshow/74754016.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. Delhi on lockdown till March 31st. Banging Utensils here to avoid noise pollution.: [removed]. My neighbour at 5pm. No of Active COVID19Corona Virus cases in Indian States amp Territories22032020. Social distancing gone wild.. I just cant anymore. Who would even come up with this sht. Smh. I just cant anymore. Who would even come up with this sht. Smh. Meanwhile in Kolkata. Still proud for what we did . AirIndia Press Release on some Resident Association obstructing crew members from performing their duties.[NP]. We did it guys Corona is no more. Deadliest Infectious Disease Outbreaks in History Before COVID19. One isolation bed per 84000 people 1 quarantine bed per 36000 Govt data. A new community to spread awareness among people to fight against covid19 and other problems like pollution etc. The list of 75 districts to be under lockdown released by the MOHFW. Watch it till the end . Greetings from Britain: Hi people of India Im from London. I came here because I wanted to say I love India it is magnificent and so are the people theyre very kind and friendly when me and my gf came last year to Mumbai. Once this bad time has past youre all welcome to come to London and have tea and biscuits haha Serious though please do come if it gets better I have grown up with lots of Indian friends and theyre incredible people. Me and my gf planned to come to India this summer like we did last year we are so upset about this... Janta Cerfew. I feel grateful for everyone for police doctors for staying out and citizens for staying home.: [removed]. Most of you guys are just ungrateful entitled cunts: [removed]. This video is going viral in the WhatsApp circles of India. India Could Be Next Coronavirus Hotspot in Worst Case up to 60 Could Be Infected.. Controlling misinformation and fake news: [removed]. What an idea sirji. Corona curfew. Claps and bells at 5pm at my society in Delhi.. Not just clapping Indian medical professionals take to Twitter to demand resources equipment. Kill the fucking utensils.. Anand Mahindra offers resorts as COVID19 hospitals donates 100 of salary to set up fund. Today evening in a picture.. Somethings never quarantine... I am sick if this country.: [removed]. May others follow your footstep. Thank you. Clap your hands people. The noise will drive away from the virus joke. Why are so many people here pissed off about the 5pm clapping: [removed]. The clapping thing that just happened...: [removed]. When life imitates art. Janata curfew is a public drill wont really stop spread of coronavirus Experts. So now that the virus is deemed to have been vibrated to death are the clappers and thali bangers congregating outside to celebrate and pat their backs: [removed]. We are thanking the essential workforce yeah Im sure theyre very happy now. When art imitates life. Clapped so hard that virus disappeared from my laptop too. Finally able to work. Thanks gobhi ji. New whatsapp forward making the rounds. I replied to try and put a stop to this but I do not know if it will have any effect. This is an extremely dangerous suggestion.. Thanos did nothing wrong. What disinfectants work against coronavirus on household surfaces: Theres a [list]https//www.epa.gov/pesticideregistration/listndisinfectantsuseagainstsarscov2 of disinfectants and active ingredients from the CDC and EPA but these are all North American. Is there any such similar list for Indian products or does anyone know of products which have these active ingredients Weve been using Lizol in our household but realised it doesnt have the recommended active ingredient. Please let us know if anyone here has an idea about this. Lockdown has just been declared in my city. What are some things that I should do: [removed]. People forgot about the social distancing while cheering and clapping for the health officials and other working people. Janta curfew stunt or chanakya neeti and its followups: So its almost done the political mandarins that have so far only excelled at creating riots and instigating crowds has for the first time proved they can use the same public manipulation to settle down and self isolate. Being a federal state the constitutional ramifications of the centre issuing a national curfew is immense and the chatur charvakas might have gotten the public to make believe that it is their self imposed curfew and by doing so earned a gap of 12 hours to break the inertial inaction. The best thing that came out of today was Piyush Goyal announcing suspension of all trains until the end of month. I think this alone got us from 10s of millions infected to maybe 100s of thousands. Then the much needed State level curfews in Delhi MH WB. Is telangana following as well They seem to be tipping. The clapping thing surely raised morale of 5 year olds in the colony a many 5 year old like retired adults. Its good kids need to feel a part of this effort or they will tend to get bored and complain. Kids of all ages. Any other positives. Why the hell are you guys thinking clapping rapidly would kill Corona: Most of the people are thinking this claps crates an energy that kills Corona and is corelated with science and indian traditional times but most of that is due to the whatsapp forwards. Thats obviously fake cmon. Just think of this as a token of appreciation for all the doctors nurses and everyone helping to control the pandemic and applaud. Its simple.. Wtf was that for: I cant believe this. I was Just laying there fapping to hentai and out of nowhere unkills and everyone started clapping beating thalis. Even my dad came to my room and asked me to beat the thali when I refused he beat the shit out of me and then started clapping. I cant believe that Modi has done this to me and my country. Democracy is dead mudi fascist reeeeee. Werent we supposed to salute the healthcare workers: Why tf the news channels are showing that India Salutes Military by showing thaali/tali noises I didnt hear the speech of the kaka did he say healthcare workers or miltary or was it both. We live in a society.. It was fun. The list of 75 districts to be put under complete lockdown released by MOHFW. Moronavirus has struck thy Neighbour. United we clap Divided we fall.: Go karona karona go. You absolute madlads... You bloody did it...: Despite a lot of people forwarding me messages on WhatsApp to participate in the conch sounding/utensils banging in the evening I dismissed it as another stupid WhatsApp thing. Boy was I wrong.... From 445 to 515 pretty much everyone in my neighbourhood went on their balconies and terraces and banged their pots. I saw literate adults with graduate degrees try to kill a virus by banging their pots. My neighbour actually beliefs the ultrasonic sound waves from his pans would kill the Covid19 virus. I am fucking speechless. I am all for community activities from a distance but to actually believe banging utensils will kill a virus is beyond stupid. My faith in the Human Race as an intelligent species is slightly shaken after today.. People today after theyre done clapping and some much needed introspection. The dogs and birds were awestruck. Standing Ovation: I was jamming to some tunes in my balcony enjoying this preapocalyptic afternoon suddenly all my neighbors came out their homes and gave me a 5 min standing ovation some were so extra with those fireworks though. Thank you everyone. Stay blessed.. Never Expected . Immediate visible effects of 5pm clapping and utensil beating: TLDR As promised by Whatsapp experts guiding PM Modi Clapping and utensil beating has killed most Coronavirus in India on this auspicious day. Indians are safe now. As per astrology experts and by those people who can correlate astrology with science since the moon was passing to a n ew nakshatra called revati the clapping and beating of utensils by Indians encouraged new blood circulation in the body. Now the blood is circulating at a few more cm/seconds in human body. Corona virus is finding it difficult to swim in such fast flowing blood of Indians. As promised there is no doubt that someone very knowledgeable promised PM Modi about this. Today is 22nd March the Amavasya which is the darkest day in the month. It means all the virus bacteria and evil forces are at their peak on such days. Corona virus through chinese is still a virus which follows Amavasya because it is based on moon. Indians and Indias PM Modi being very clever gathered all together and created so much vibrations that Corona virus has lost all its potency as promised by Whatsapp messages. Corona virus is now impotent and cannot practically penetrate in our bodies. So Indians can chill out and chat Namo Namo in peace. GoKaruna KarunaGo. This is the right way.. New method to detect Covid19 by IIT Delhi team. Watch how today the whole of India is following the Janta Curfew to fight the threat of the novel coronavirus.. When a doctor tries to blow the whistle as to what is actually happening in the top government hospital in TamilNadu but is forced and threatened to delete his tweet and account. Share your Janata Curfew experiences.: People were really excited to clap and ring bells at 5pm. What did you do. Big brain time.... You do you kid. WHO Corona 24 hours helpline whatsapp Service For All Related Details. Go Karuna go: [removed]. Wait was that not the right thing. View from a friends balcony.. Hey girl are u thali: [removed]. Corona news : [removed]. Section 144 imposed in Delhi until 31 March amid coronavirus fears. Social distancing. What am I supposed to do. People all over India clapping ringing bells and blowing horns together today to show appreciation and gratitude towards doctors nurses government officials and everyone else who are out there doing their job for the greater good in these difficult times.. How about celebs lend us a crore or two instead of having concerts on news channels. No matter how much people think that this clapping thing was utter bullshit we can agree on one thing that this was a huge morale booster for a large number of essential staff.: A large number of people like doctors nurse janitors etc must be feeling really proud and feel recognised. Especially the cleaners and the people who keep the hospitals and other essential services up and running in this difficult times. ampx200B KUDOS TO THEM. PS all the unnecessary noise was annoying af.. To all the people who clapped today at 5 .: [removed]. Ruining Janta Curfew by clapping in groups...outdoor. Thanking the services with an anaar beside a passing ambulance. RealIndia. It be like that.... COAI asks Netflix Hotstar other OTTs to lower streaming quality to reduce internet overload tech. Thank god there are some sane people here.: [removed]. I am going deaf: The fuck is going on. I was peacefully doing my homework and suddenly 5 minutes to 5 people started banging their utensils. I mean like What in fuck I am happy that people are supporting and raising the Morales of the people but its causing a lot of noice pollution. Some dumbasses are bursting crackers I mean like why It was such a nice and quite day and suddenly this nonsense. I appreciate the work of the health workers but the people are taking it beyond the bounds and this needs to be stopped. No please stop. JantaCurfew Police Brutality: https//twitter.com/i/status/1241666630444150786 https//twitter.com/i/status/1241653279395844096 https//twitter.com/i/status/1241645342233264130 https//twitter.com/i/status/1241675801973493761. Bol na aunty aaun kya ghnti main bajaun kya. How did the clapping go people: [removed]. Thank you India: Thank you India for showing solidarity with medical professionals. People who stayed indoors and maintained social distance you are already doing a great job. People who ventured out but maintained social distance. You are good too. People who clapped while maintaining the distance. Its good too . People in the apartments who gatherd as big groups for better videos to post in socialmedia.. you are the bad apples . You played yourself.. This is supposed to be a gesture towards the Emergency Staff. People need to understand that.: Once and for all this is supposed to be an expression. The clapping and banging of utensils isnt gonna create some sort of vibration that eventually kills the Coronavirus its rather an expression. Expression of gratitude towards the Emergency Staff who have been working selflessly to counter the ongoing pandemic. People need to get this in their thick skulls. Period.. Fresh meme. Seems like both hydrolychloroquin and Favipiravir are giving somewhat hopeful results. Hopefully we get a Cure/Vaccine quickly.. Two kinds of people. Just wanted to say I love my country Thought I should write this now when Im still swelling with emotion: [removed]. Everyone is doing self quanterine in India and for the appreciation and for mass party we all are clapping and ringing bells. Unpopular Opinion The clapping thing is actually cool: A nation standing united at their own homes and clapping as a gesture to boost the morale of everyone who is working tirelessly in this pandemic is a wonderful sight. Yes the government should provide more financial support and help the doctors with equipment and stuff but the individuals who are under lockdown can only do so much. And this post is absolutely not promoting those assholes who were bursting crackers or were playing dhol and attracting crowd on the road.. I used crockery for extra effect.: [removed]. 5pm 22 March: [removed]. Maaahhnn why the hell people bursting these loudass crackers: If clapping and beating utensils wasnt cringy enough. Heard so many fireworks in the last 20 minutes or so. Has anyone experienced the same. Article 51 A says that it shall be the duty of every citizen of India to develop the scientific temper humanism and the spirit of inquiry and reform.:  Well I guess now it should be struck off in the light of what we all witnessed a few moments ago. Ad Kajol Srinivasan said The Italians may have free subscriptions to Pornhub but this Sunday Indians will be banging on the balcony. JuntaCurfew. Pls Corona Virus Infect and Kill these halfwits: The fuck is going on. I was peacefully doing my homework and suddenly 5 minutes to 5 people started banging their utensils. I mean like What in fuck I am happy that people are supporting and raising the Morales of the people but its causing a lot of noice pollution. Some dumbasses are bursting crackers I mean like why It was such a nice and quite day and suddenly this nonsense. I appreciate the work of the health workers but the people are taking it beyond the bounds and this needs to be stopped. Just doing my part. . Now can we please have a shutdown for the next couple of weeks and not just one day.: I wouldnt mind hearing the 5pm become a routine for the next few days as long as we have a shutdown. I mean what is the point of a one day curfew Is it a practice for the immediate future when there is a large uncontrollable breakout and ppl start dying everywhere.. This is how we are following Social Distancing in JantaCurfew. Irony is everywhere in India..even during clapping appreciation:  The concept of self quarantine is too promote social distancing to avoid spread of this virus. However people in societies and colonies are gathered together to do the clapping asked by our respected PM. And this is being appreciated by news reporters. Do they forget about quarantine cant they do this while being separated Mindset of these people never stops to amaze me.. Stand for sense and reason not blind support.. Clapping and banging utensils: I see this as nation in solidarity and stupidity. Pretty cool. Coronavirus has finally been eradicated: [removed]. The indian Corona clap. Corona Go. Thanking the people supplying us even during corona. Kolkata is under lockdown from tomorrow. People of India making noise for the First Responders of the Coronavirus. As you know our PM requested all citizens of India to clap at 5PM for all the people working out there to fight this virus Heres all the people coming together. Commonsense 100: People near my town are gathering together in groups to beat thaali and clapping and cracking fire works to mark the end of curfew.. Wow What a coordination Goosebumps. Banging Utensils for support of CoViD19 frontline workers at 1700 hrs WTF is wrong with the people: [removed]. Help me its still ongoing . COVID19 Coronavirus India vs Coronavirus Transport Shut Lockdown In 75 Districts. Why are we still here Just to suffer... People making noise to cope with the quarantine in Tamil Nadu. As someone who isnt fond of kids. I would like to whole heartedly thank the crying children in my home for crying nonstop and drowning the noise of cringe from people clapping and banging utensils.: [removed]. Beta ji tussi fikar na kro sb changa si.... Anti coronavirus mattress. Today at 5 pm in Ghatkopar Mumbai for the appreciation of the Doctors.. The whole country clapping and making noise to appreciate health and essential service workers Sound On: [removed]. Yay all viruses dead: [removed]. 5pm 22nd March 2020. Clapping at 5 pm: I hope everyone remembers the main reason we are doing this. To show support and thank all the professionals busy in helping fight this virus. Its nothing political or religious and definitely nothing to do with the fake whatsapp messages going around.. After 5 years we finally got to use it. Bhakts were already blind now they will go deaf: All thanks to our supreme leaders. And anyway WTF people are blowing crackers. Werent they satisfied with one good day without breathing in any pollution.. Clapping for essential healthcare workers.. India just killed COVID19: Congratulations fellow countrymen. Really hope other countries take note asap. Another pleasant side effect Our ghanti and thali exports are going to take off like crazy.. We shall prevail. SHUT UP Shut. The. Fuck. Up.: All throughout the year play music a lil bit loud and the neighbors are like aapke ladke ko samjhaiye Ham Ghar pe so rahe hai and everybody is now so loud its like 10 wedding barats going at once. Coronavirus wouldnt even have entered India if it new peoples response would be this stupid. Junta Curfew 5.00 PM is a good time to test your noise cancelling headphones/earphones. Mine works: [removed]. 50 people are clapping together and ringing bells in our area outside. Slow Claps: [removed]. Gratitude clapping.. I swear you cannot make this sht up. They started 5 min early keep volume low . Hola. These people are ringing the bells and utensils. Wth is going on: Seriously. Everyone is gone full blown ballistic. Its crazy noise pollution out there suddenly. Im speechless. Any science behind the noise polution happening right now.: So people just started banging their utensils burning crakers letting their car alarms go off. Parents say this is about something PM Modi said any reasonable reasons behind this.. These retards seriously out here clapping lmao: [removed]. And its begin ahmedabad. Protest done in Lucknow.. shuru ho gayi bakchodi bhailog.. What if I refuse to report for work tomorrow: I work in a public sector bank Probationary Officer here in Hyderabad and we are being asked to attend office even though the risk of getting infected is higher than ever. I am from another state and live in a rented flat. Both my flatmates left for home after their companies announced WFH till the 31st. I use the metro for the daily commute and I just dont want to risk getting infected anymore just because RBI/Government has not announced any measures yet and everyone is more concerned with reaching their annual budget. I work in the regional office and not at branch I was wondering if anyone could tell me what would happen if I refuse to attend office from tomorrow I already asked my senior manager and he advised against it but seeing that the situation is likely to get worse from hereon out so what are the possible actions they could take against me. Do you guys hear that Nothing helps critical patients and overworked doctors and nurses more than excessive noise and people violating curfew. CORONA CURED Makeup lagao and pretend ALL IZ WELL: [removed]. Brain cells committed suicide XD. THESE PEOPLE ARE RINGING THE BELLS AND UTENSILS. WTH: Wth is happening. Everyone is following this bullshit. Im speechless. Hate to be that guy but this sounds pretty stupid. Just got free after doing laundry tried to take a nap and......: Bajao tali Cant believe this is happening. PS I was working until 11.30 last nightnot from home and am supposed to resume work from tomorrow. .. Lockdown in 75 coronavirushit districts no trains Metros interstate buses till March 31 india news. And the mass hysteria begins... 5 p.m. it is.: Why dont people follow anything else Modiji has to say.. But ask people to put up a show and boy they will.... Speechless. As expected the cringe is off the charts. COVID19 Statewise Status Source https//www.mohfw.gov.in/. Corona testing in full swing. Corona testing in full swing. Janta Curfew In Noida Sector 77. From Shillong Meghalaya.. Never go full retard.. Its started already. NO The vibration generated by clapping together will NOT destroy Coronavirus infection. Please clap if you wish and go back to home. This is to show solidarity with medical professionals. Not a surprise attempt to kill viruses with vibrations duh. Sing corona to death. Good song by the way. The government is proactive. Now it is going to be the test of the will of people.: [removed]. Clapping videos thread.: [removed]. Ab nahi bachega corona. Covid19 The Coronavirus Outbreak. There is NO EVIDENCE to prove that Coronavirus survives only for 12 hours. Its just showing showing solidarity. It doesnt kill any viruses . Just clap if you wish and go back into home.. [ SERIOUS ] Section 144 in Entire Maharashtra Janata Curfew Extended till Monday Morning Informs CM Uddhav Thackeray. We are almost on the verge of Lockdown Stock up Be mentally prepared: [removed]. WhatsApp Forwards at their best. Taaliya Mitron. This is how fake news brain washes peoples mind. Bodakdev Ahmedabad. Such serenity.... Regarding 5pm clapping: Regarding 5 pm today Make sure not to clap too loud because if the frequency exceeds the frequency required to kill the germs it may cause damage at a cosmic level. It will generate a radiation so powerful that it will penetrate through the Earths atmosphere and harm the Revati Nakshatra. According to experts if the Revati Nakshatra is damaged during the passage of Moon it may cause unbalance between the working forces that holds the Earth and Moon at there places and even a little unbalance to this force may result in the Earth or Moon or both getting displaced from their orbit and may create a chain of earthquakes tsunamis volcano eruptions that may end life as we know it on Earth. So please clap but not too loud.. Mumbai amid the lockdown today. Never seen the sea link such empty. Kudos to the people following rules and keeping everyone around them safe.. IIT Delhi researchers develop nonprobe testing method that could cost far less than current COVID Edexlive. Mumbai amidst the lockdown today. A city which never stops had to stop today so that its people remain protected.. Govt decides to shutdown 75 coronavirushit districts across the country. How I should Deal with my Father: [removed]. Mahindra Group to start manufacturing ventilators and offer resorts as temporary care facilities. Lockdown. COVID19 Delhi Metro Services Suspended Till 31 March 2020. Take this pro tip in case you didnt find out in the family whatsapp groups. Coronavirus Lockdown in 75 districts trains metro and interstate buses suspended till March 31. Everyone these days. Dont piss Jotaro off. Corona Day Even after: How about idea of having a day like this in every montheven after we get through this virus out comes are impressive no air and sound pollution I can listen to sounds of birds stray dogs got freedom. I believe if we can implement this would definitely leaves a good impact on the nature. Dear fellow Redditors whats your take on this. Pandemic Of CoronaVirusCOVID 19 Demystified. Pandemic Of CoronaVirusCOVID 19 Demystified. If PM Modi believed official data he would not have used a World War analogy Ramanan Laxminaryan. Hypocrisy at its best. Most of these guys are modi supporters.. From PIB Factcheck The vibration generated by clapping together will NOT destroy Coronavirus infection . Please share it in your whatsapp groups. Make sure they dont play anything on bluetooth speakers thinking that it will ward off evil duh... Please leave out water amp food for stray animals when you go out after JuntaCurfew they may be starving and wouldnt know where to go.. Chetan Sharma appeals to people to make Janata curfew huge success .... Kolkata on Lockdown from tomorrow evening: [removed]. Public Service Announcement regarding Delhi Metros services till 31st March 2020.. Public Service Announcement regarding Delhi Metros services till 31st March 2020.. Ek normie wala post idhar.. IIT Delhi prepares 50 liters of its Own Hand sanitizers in two days due to the shortage of supply and high pricing. [CORONAVIRUS]. Corona Go. The stupidest and most idiotic message I received on WhatsApp right now. Kon hai ye log Kahase are hai: No brainwashed Prime Minister Narendra Modis intelligence. Think about why Modi would have introduced a curfew on the 22nd March Friends I will remove the curtain on the thoughtfulness of Avalia who has adopted the guardianship of the entire country. March 22nd means Falgun Krishna 1 Shataraka. On this day Madhu Krishna Triodashi is Varuni Yoga. According to the calendar March 22nd is the third day and the day is intense. So this is the day when the sun is shining brightly. The respected Modiji met with scientists from NASA and ISRO two months ago to discuss what measures we should take when Corona Disease comes to India in the future. At that time many tried to ridicule them. However Modiji discussed with Astro and NASA scientists about the possibility of spraying chemicals with the help of a satellite. Many were surprised at Modis intellectual ingenuity. NASA scientists praised Modi and Einsteins brain as an IQ bean. At that time on March 22 Modi proposed to bring a chemical satellite to the sun. The sun will be exposed to the satellite at 7am on March 22. The air will then drain from the satellite and its steam will move toward Earth through the sun. Modiji also suggested that if the satellites velocity was matched to the Earths velocity it would spread only to India in the continent. In particular scientists from NASA and ISRO discussed this and made it possible. The news was intended to be kept secret. But NASA people broke loose. They told the story to US President Donald Trump. Trump was surprised too. But NASA scientists have shown that the venerable Narendra Modi is a true scholar. Trump said the experiment should take place in the United States.However NASA officials made it clear that the satellite was full of chemicals in space and that it was remotely owned by Modiji. So a month ago Trump also came to India to request Modiji. But Modiji pushed them away. Now the question was if the air was spread throughout the intense heat of the day would it not have any effect on the health of the people However the answer lies in Modiji. For this answer the knowledge that Modiji embraced in the Himalayas came down. The human body is made up of panchayats. In each body heaven gas water fire and earth are the pentacles.When you clap these pancreas stimulate and increase the bodys immunity. Therefore Modi has appealed that everyone should clap at 5 pm on the 22nd. Friends this man is thirsty for the country. Thousands of thoughts are suppressed in every word and every act. If you blamed h keep blaming but I request that the public observe the curfew on March 22. Dont leave the house Save your life.. Streets empty trains lodged in deserted stations How Janata curfew looks. BampD Bas: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/ajv85nsdz6o41.jpgwidth735ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps6c0f8d1af72e502b2363d32dc3d565098dd25115. AIIMS Doctors Come Out with Most Effective Ways to Stay Safe from Coronavirus Pandemic. Mohanlal many others share fake info that clapping may kill virus PIB debunks. Curated list of COVID19 resources: Here is a short list of the best resources on COVID19. Feel free to add more in the comments. International CDC [https//www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019ncov/index.html]https//www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019ncov/index.html WHO [https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/eventsastheyhappen]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/eventsastheyhappen Johns Hopkins University [https//gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6]https//gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/apps/opsdashboard/index.html/bda7594740fd40299423467b48e9ecf6 Bing [https//www.bing.com/covid]https//www.bing.com/covid Lancet [https//www.thelancet.com/coronavirus]https//www.thelancet.com/coronavirus India ICMR [https//icmr.nic.in/content/covid19]https//icmr.nic.in/content/covid19 ICMR Test Reports [https//icmr.nic.in/sites/default/files/whats\new/ICMR\website\update\22March\10AM\IST.pdf]https//icmr.nic.in/sites/default/files/whatsnew/ICMRwebsiteupdate22March10AMIST.pdf Subreddits International r/Coronavirus r/COVID19 r/ChinaFlu US r/CoronavirusUS Europe r/CoronavirusEU India nascent r/COVID19India ampx200B P.S. Social distancing works. Stay home and stay safe. Maharashtra reports second Covid19 death as confirmed cases rise to 74. Online petitions for actions to be taken by Govt against Coronavirus spread: [removed]. Marine drive right now amidst the Nationwide Janta Curfew. US FDA approves new test that could detect Covid19 in 45 minutes. PSA Fact Check for Whatsapp Forwards: [removed]. Regarding the ventilator situation: [removed]. Lockdown related news in Punjab is being interspersed with this genius ad How can you realise your dream of going abroad under these trying circumstances We will help you get your visa even if you cannot leave your home. Coronavirus Mahindra group to manufacture ventilators offer resorts as healthcare homes says Anand Mahindra tech. This week is extremely critical phase for India. If PM Modi believed official data he would not have used a World War analogy Ramanan Laxminaryan. Coronavirus Minute precautions can make monumental impacts and save many lives. Watch how coronavirus works what the symptoms are and more.. India Today. really wanna see some drone camera footage of Indias streets today photographyreddit do your thing: [removed]. Janta Curfew being observed in India A Cartoon tribute jantacurfew. Why is Maharashtra not going for complete lockdown despite having highest number of cases: Seems very strange to me. It has two of the most densely populated cities. Probably the next epicenters.. People Enjoying During Jaanta Curfew. I Can See People On Vehicles Roaming Every 2 Minutes. Jeez what the heck is wrong with them. People Enjoying During Jaanta Curfew. I Can See People On Vehicles Roaming Every 2 Minutes. Jeez what the heck is wrong with them. People Enjoying During Jaanta Curfew. I Can See People On Vehicles Roaming Every 2 Minutes. Jeez what the heck is wrong with them. People Enjoying During Jaanta Curfew. I Can See People On Vehicles Roaming Every 2 Minutes. Jeez what the heck is wrong with them. Rahul Gandhi presents thermal scanners to Wayanad. All passenger trains cancelled until end of March Govt of Railways Order. Cancellation of all train services by Indian Railway till 31st march.: Piyush Goyal PiyushGoyal Tweeted Strengthening precautions against COVID19 Railways has decided that no passenger train will run up to 31st March. Let us work together as IndiaFightsCorona https//twitter.com/PiyushGoyal/status/1241632812215619585s20. Cancellation of all train services by Indian Railway till 31st march.: Piyush Goyal PiyushGoyal Tweeted Strengthening precautions against COVID19 Railways has decided that no passenger train will run up to 31st March. Let us work together as IndiaFightsCorona https//twitter.com/PiyushGoyal/status/1241632812215619585s20. Cancellation of all train services by Indian Railway till 31st march.: Piyush Goyal PiyushGoyal Tweeted Strengthening precautions against COVID19 Railways has decided that no passenger train will run up to 31st March. Let us work together as IndiaFightsCorona https//twitter.com/PiyushGoyal/status/1241632812215619585s20. Coronavirus impact Indian Railways cancels all passenger trains till March 31. No Passenger Trains Till March 31.: [removed]. We dont give a fuck. Pune.. Cancellation of all train services by Indian Railway till 31st march 2020: [removed]. This has genuinely angered me.. An old format... With a Corona Virus Twist. Janta Curfew In Noida Sector 77. Exponential fit of COVID19 data provided by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare details in comments. Exponential fit of COVID19 data provided by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare details in comments. Modis propaganda machine working tirelessly on social media amid this Coronavirus crisis. How to avoid financial losses in traveling l How to get full refund on F.... Bengali carpenter fled Kerala to escape Corona feared unemployment became millionaire through lottery India News. While we are waging War on Corona dont forget what our economically weaker sections have to go through everyday to have a meal.. Great. Desh sankat me hai. 22nd March. must learn this. Goddamn Swiggy . We need to act NOW and FAST. French Researchers have found out that antimalarial and antibiotic combined could help reduce Covid19. Its never been so quiet near my house and I live in the main road Curfew makes me feel we are in a post apocalyptic india. Predictions and role of interventions for COVID19 outbreak in India. Drink cow piss and everything will be fine. Coronavirus Outbreak LIVE Updates 38yearold man dies of COVID19 in Bihar first death of person who isnt a senior citizen. COVID effects on job prospects after MS in USA.: With COVID making recession a very real possibility is it worth pursuing an MS civil engineering in USA Will job prospects be significantly affected Assuming a loan of 4050 lakhs what would the repayment horizon look like. Calling Volunteers COVID19 Viral Kindness Groups: [removed]. Tatas to pay full salaries to temporary workers daily wage earners amid Covid19 outbreak.. Practice Safe Social Distancing Ad by The Hindu Newspaper. Covid19 38yearold man dies in Patna India toll rises to 6.  Uneasy lies the head. 220320 Janta Curfew artwork by me.. Special Air India Flight carrying more than 250 passengers from Italy lands in Delhi. Punjab going into Statewide lockdown till 31 March: [removed]. Coronavirus Everyone dies alone Heartbreak at Italian hospital on brink of collapse. DD news reporter just said vibrations would kill the virus: I was watching the DD news and just heard the reporter Varanasi is also saying that vibration of claps and plates will kill the virus. This is absolutely absurd.. Karnataka seals its borders announces two months free rations for all. Is it better to stay in big cities or small cities during coronavirus times: As the title says is it better to remain in cities like Delhi or Mumbai of course selfisolated or to go back to smaller cities with no coronavirus cases I would travel by my own car and journey will take 1.52 days..  Uneasy lies the head. 220320 Janta Curfew. When will a coronavirus vaccine be ready [coronavirus] [CoronavirusVaccine]: [removed]. India reports 5th casualty death toll now two in Maharashtra: I am myself from Mumbai and this is scary [about two days ago I traveled by Mumbai metro]https//www.youtube.com/watchv0lnAWpPoaQ and saw large crowd there [I posted a video to spread awareness to be careful]https//www.youtube.com/watchv0lnAWpPoaQ I am self quarantined too.. How Does one hide Travel History: [removed]. Exodus from Bombay during the Plague of 1896 as compared to the current exodus owing to Mumbai shutting down on accounts of COVID19. The similarities in the two images are all too eerie. COVID19 will not be tested for free in India. I totally support it though. Quit Corona Movement.. How Delhi Airport is handling the Coronavirus. Arriving passengers packed shoulder to shoulder for 14 hours.. Staying in bed is not bad today. Support JANATA CURFEW.. Nation wfh/self quarantined due to corona. Meanwhile bhakts from Kerala be like. Cant agree more. Janta Curfew in UP. How testing for COVID19 actually works in India. Its time to change for Nature and accepting Our Old Indian ancient life style by becoming Veg. How testing process COVID19 works in India. Can anything be done about this guy downplaying corona: His videos are being watched by many people. https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCdWUmJz42Df1N0iB8ycZJrA/videos. Twitter takes down Rajinikanths Janata Curfew video for spreading misinformation. Im ready for 5 PM. Just another community . LinkedIn becoming WhatsApp. [Unconfirmed] Punjab under lockdown till 31st March: On local news showing that all Punjab lockdown from today till 31st . Not sure wheter it is true or not. Source PTC news. Will try to share the source.. Outer Ring Road Bangalore. From itsaashuu on Twitter. LinkedIn becoming worse than WhatsApp. amp8216Janata Curfew social distancing drillamp8230 wont break chain of transmissionamp8217 Experts question claims.  . Its surreal how quiet it is right now: Havent heard a single car horn or for that matter any other noise outside All I hear is pressure cooker whistles from the neighbors and a bunch of birds Could get used to the curfew if things continue like this all day.. Hand sanitizers alternatives: [removed]. No drinking water doesnt kill coronavirus. Delhi Police personnel near Barakhamba road offer flowers to the locals out on roads requesting them to stay at home and observe the countrywide JanataCurfew today. COVID19. Kartik Aaryan monologue message Corona stop karo na amp video goes viral 225. In Karnataka this is how they were screening passengers on railway station. Watch the video.. Om Trabhankaayen Yajaamayee Sugandhee Pushti Vardhanam ...... Urvaarukmiv Bandhnaat MrityuMurshiye Mamratraat.... OM NAMAH SHIVAYE. Indian Private Labs Can Now Test for Covid19 at Rs. 4500/ max But Govt Advises To Subsidize The Test Or Give It For Free. Yeah its big brain time. Is this real Can you guys confirm this. India has only 4000 ventilators. Germany for example has 25000 ventilators.: [Source]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/govtprepsforspikeincovid19casesokaysplantomakemoreventilators/storyuOd5YFyqSGun0FeUf0JzCO.html gt Government sources said there are over 4000 ventilators in the country. The availability of ventilators will be a key determinant in Indias success to keep the mortality rate of Covid19 patients when the infection moves into the community transmission stage and the number of coronavirus patients rises sharply. Government is just now placing orders to buy more.... Praveen Dabas amp Preeti Jhangiani appeals to people to make Janata curf.... You have got to be kidding me. We deserve this virus if these fools still live in india.. Educated idiots gonna idiot. Leh cab driver who tested negative for COVID19 twice tests positive after third test. Dr Ramanan Laxminarayan director of Center for Disease Dynamics Economics and Policy and lecturer at Princeton University explains how COVID19 could result in upwards of 500 million cases in India. Community spread started weeks ago. [Its a long interview but definitely worth the watch]. Aerial view of BWSL Mumbai during Janta Curfew. kanika kapoor coronavirus Indias 18 coronavirus india. North East Indians facing racism. Calling Volunteers Help COVID19 affected areas help themselves: We at [http//covidindiasupport.com/]http//covidindiasupport.com/ have been hard at work for the past week getting the site off the ground. We are launching a new initiative to help affected regions help themselves by creating location specific whatsapp/telegram groups. We call these COVID19 Viral Kindness groups. These groups will help organize best effort support in terms of facilitating group members to help each other with simple tasks e.g. helping get groceries water etc. or in terms of sharing useful local information/volunteering during extended periods of lockdown/curfew. We will have one group per metro area e.g. Bangalore Delhi Mumbai groups initially. Please check out [http//covidindiasupport.com/viralkindness/]http//covidindiasupport.com/viralkindness/ . Agreed its not the best UI on the site but we need to act quick. We need volunteers to act as moderators for these groups this is where we need your help. If you are willing please sign up to be a moderator on this sheet [https//forms.gle/h6BRKSUYenjFmMsF7]https//forms.gle/h6BRKSUYenjFmMsF7 . Do indicate if you have any prior experience in moderating reddit/telegram or other groups on the sheet this experience is helpful but not necessary. The UK has been very successful with organizing such groups [https//covidmutualaid.org/localgroups/]https//covidmutualaid.org/localgroups/ . This is our humble attempt at tackling this issue in India. We are also always looking for volunteers for other sections of the site. I encourage you to visit the main page [http//covidindiasupport.com/]http//covidindiasupport.com/ and follow us on our social media. Feedback welcome.. Wash your hands people. Whats the real stats for COVID testing This article says only around 15.7k. Is this true. India is the first country to find a cure for Covid19. Congrats Mitron. What are your plans for the curfew today. Govt. Logic if we dont do testing coronavirus cases would remain low. So they will leave India for China by end of month.: Satire. How did Vasundhara Raje get tested in just one day when common people have been waiting weeks Why did they test a person without any symptoms against ICMR guidelines: If you are a BJP member then law/rules dont apply for you. She had come into contact with Kanika who had returned from abroad. As per the rules She should be in govt quarantine and monitored for symptoms. Instead she is chilling at home and a tested as well despite ICMR guidelines stating that only people who exhibit symptoms should be tested immediately. What a farce Wah Mudi wah. Funny and true belief. How did Vasundhara Raje get the tested in just one day when common people have been waiting weeks Why did they test a person without any symptoms against ICMR guidelines: If you are a bjp member then law/rules dont apply for you.. Petition to suspend Colleges until the pandemic is under control.. Go Corona Corona Go Neem and Tulsi leaves placed inside and outside a govt bus plying in Coimbatore. Janta curfew on march 22 2020. Nirmala is asking companies to file corona readiness report instead of giving them financial packages delaying GST deadline etc. Such a useless finance minister: Counties around the world are taking huge steps to help their industries like offering billions of dollars of packages to their companies delaying tax deadlines/loan repayment dates etc. Industries have come to a standstill with malls restaurants hotels tourism all affected and more or less shut down due to the spread of coronavirus. However Indian FM is doing nothing useful [but instead asking companies to file corona readiness report]https//theprint.in/economy/modigovtasksfirmstosubmitformoncovid19readinesscassaythisisnotthetime/384863/ Nirmala has not spoken a work about postponing upcoming tax deadlines waiving off GST fines announcing packages to help industries etc. Many CAs have been asking FM to take these steps but she has as usual been silent as a worm. Nirmala Sitharaman and Anurag Thakur together form the most clueless team to head Finance Portfolio in our country ever. Now they have belatedly formed corona task force and Nirmala has already said any relief packages will take time when lots of countries have already announced packages. A look at the plans of different state governments to help citizens amid coronavirus. Responses to the COVID19 in India by various state governments:  A look at the plans of different state governments to help citizens amid coronavirus https//twitter.com/i/events/1241542244584189952. I will be there in the balcony at 5pm today. What about you India. What India actually needs. Not pots and pans.. India must prepare for a tsunami of coronavirus cases. Calling Volunteers COVID19 Viral Kindness Groups: We at [http//covidindiasupport.com/]http//covidindiasupport.com/ have been hard at work for the past week getting the site off the ground. We are launching a new initiative to help affected regions help themselves by creating location specific whatsapp/telegram groups. We call these COVID19 Viral Kindness groups. These groups will help organize best effort support in terms of facilitating group members to help each other with simple tasks e.g. helping get groceries water etc. or in terms of sharing useful local information/volunteering during extended periods of lockdown/curfew. We will have one group per metro area e.g. Bangalore Delhi Mumbai groups initially. Please check out [http//covidindiasupport.com/viralkindness/]http//covidindiasupport.com/viralkindness/ . Agreed its not the best UI on the site but we need to act quick. We need volunteers to act as moderators for these groups this is where we need your help. If you are willing please sign up to be a moderator on this sheet [https//forms.gle/h6BRKSUYenjFmMsF7]https//forms.gle/h6BRKSUYenjFmMsF7 . Do indicate if you have any prior experience in moderating reddit/telegram or other groups on the sheet this experience is helpful but not necessary. The UK has been very successful with organizing such groups [https//covidmutualaid.org/localgroups/]https//covidmutualaid.org/localgroups/ . This is our humble attempt at tackling this issue in India. We are also always looking for volunteers for other sections of the site. I encourage you to visit the main page [http//covidindiasupport.com/]http//covidindiasupport.com/ and follow us on our social media Facebook [https//www.facebook.com/covidindiasupport]https//www.facebook.com/covidindiasupport Instagram [https//www.instagram.com/covid\india\support/]https//www.instagram.com/covidindiasupport/ Feedback welcome.. 600 hundred vehicles. People still think COVID19 is a vacation opportunity. SMH. A handy primer on COVID19 by Harvard Medical School. Please read it and share it to counter the contagious spread of misinformation on the pandemic.. Modi govt asks firms to submit form on COVID19 readiness CAs say this is not the time. Coronavirus Can Live in Patients for Five Weeks After Contagion. Fatigue Will Be the Carrier of the Second Coronavirus Wave. Cardinal Oswald Gracias of Bombay is encouraging his Catholics to adhere to Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modis call to a nationwide selfcurfew on Sunday.. Coronavirus Modis 14hour janata curfew wont break cycle of infection as viral messages claim. Share max. Sharing it out there.. Sharing it out there.. Sharing it out there.. Coronavirus Disease COVID19 Flatten the curve slow the spread Is this how thermal screening is done by health official in INDIA What would such an act cause. How about we try to spread our own Whatsapp message:  Hi guys So recently as many people here can confirm Ive been seeing countless Whatsapp messages with an incredible amount of misinformation spreading about. These messages come from my uncles aunties and mostly posts from annoyed people from Reddit This got me thinking where do these messages originate Who is the writer behind it after it spreads like a virus hehe forward after forward There is always a beginning. So in my 2 am nosleep haze I would like to propose something what if we type out our own Whatsapp wildfire message But this one with actual good information formatted in such a way that even boomers will belive it. This is what I gathered until now gtNamaste all gt gtDue to this global pandemic of the coronavirus we have special information from the World Health Organisation on how to stay safe. This information is confirmed by countless scientists and researchers please follow. gt gt1st of all this Coronavirus has spread through many countries and is continuing to spread. This is very dangerous for our parents grandparents friends and the most important our country. To keep them safe we must make sure that the elderly stay at home as much as possible. This virus can be very injurious to their health and we must protect them. gt gt2nd of all the United States and many countries in Europe and have put their country on lockdown. This is also necessary for India so please stay at home as much as possible. This coronavirus is very infectious so you must stay away from anyone who is showing symptoms cough fever and difficulty breathing. Stay away from the public as much as possible gt gtThirdly we must keep ourselves clean keep washing or sanitizing your hands and avoid touching the face. This makes sure that the virus will not enter our bodies. gt gtEven more information can be found on this website [https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019 gt gtThank you all and stay safe. Jai Hind This might be a bit long so feel free to suggest cuts that can be made So this definitely seems like a longshot and truthfully maybe even a garbage idea but if all of you could try to Whatsapp this to your family members we all know the aunties have a muscle memory to forward any COVID19 message we can try to spread some truth. If you have any suggestions as how to modify the message to make it even better please comment Stay safe my brothers and sisters. TLDR I had a nosleep fueled idea to create our own factually correct see above Whatsapp message send it to our family group chats to hope that it spreads like the virus itself.. Insanely Bored. What makes me anxious about Covid19 in India the narrow mentality and the lack of education:  I am feeling positive that the scientific community will eventually be able to create a vaccine in a few years from now Although it is not a 100 guaranteed. If that happens there might just be a light at the end of the tunnel for those who will be well amp alive by then. If not then of course we are doomed. For now controlling the rate of spread is the only way to minimize the death toll. Now to control the rate of spread there are mainly two parties involved the Indian Govt and Indian citizens. As for the Govt no matter how corrupt clueless hypocritical and insufficient in resources it might be it would still try to do its job. It would provide hygiene guidelines to the public notify them about quarantines and lockdowns provide medical supplies and testing. However ineffective timid and less transparent its efforts might be it is obliged to do its job apparently and find a solution with a morbid slowness. And of course it will fail miserably like it did recently due lack of preparedness during demonitization or how it has failed to create high quality systems like those of education healthcare water amp pollution management. Even when a vaccine is finally discovered by a developed nation it would take months to get it produce it and then distribute it to every citizen thanks to the vast numbers. For me the citizens are the most scary part of the whole situation as it is not their job to protect the others. Where do I even start In a country where wearing helmets amp following traffic rules for your own safety is not taken seriously where spitting on the streets public urination and defecation is the norm how can you expect them to follow a bunch of new precautionary amp hygienic guidelines in such a short notice Even if those guidelines can save millions from getting sick or dying they are incapable of doing so. Because if they did there would be much fewer road accidents as compared to the current numbers. Attitude of Indians wont change overnight while each passing day the number of unreported cases are increasing exponentially. While I do understand that in some cases there are barriers like financial educational or both but what bothers me the most is the mentality of if nobody else cares why should I or simply the lack of awareness common sense and civil etiquettes. Note The habit of Jugaad Kaam chalana finding loopholes in the system and not doing anything properly and on time will cause us immeasurable damage. Neither theres any incentive or conscience among the citizens to follow those guidelines nor is the Govt strict enoughunlike China to make them follow the rules. Just look at our parliament the so called leaders of the nation act like wild animals in every session Who would listen to the scientists in our country if both the illiterates and literates have their ears preoccupied with the bullshit of religion and superstitions politicians and WhatsApp/ mediaowned by politicians rumors Last but not the least how do you even perform social distancing when there are people everywhere you just cant seem to escape them. So much for the family planning unlike China. This is no conspiracy but just pure facts and observations. Millions will get sick and thousands will die in the coming months. I wish I could time travel and tell you that I was wrong. If I am wrong then we all shall celebrate soon. If not please dont say that noone saw this coming as it is pretty obvious to me that India is a ticking time bomb of virus explosion.. As Covid19 pandemic hits Indias dailywage earners hard some leave city for their home towns. WHAT is CoronavirusSYMTOMS of coronavirusSpread and how to prevent Cor.... MAKE HAND SANITIZER AT HOME. Steps followed are recommended by World Health Organisation.. People with 2 faces. is kahani ko ek baar zarur padhana. What tf is up with all these Indians running away from hospitals: Like I genuinely do not understand the reason theyd want to leave Is it like a deep desire to die at home rather than a hospital or do they prefer to infect their parents and children and make sure more people die Its fucking disgusting and these people should all be arrested and thrown in jail rather than kept in hospitals or given any treatment. I cant think of a single other country where shit like this is happening.. Coronavirus How many cases will India see Heres one experts bestcase prediction. Of all the forwards about Corona on Whatsapp this is by far the shittiest that Ive seen. There you go. Airborne idiots Original. Government needs to ban Gutkha asap.: [removed]. Left leaning and liberal Kunal Kamras response to PM Modis plea for a curfew and social distancing in India.. Ramanan Laxminarayan interview with Barkha dutt on Covid19. [UNPOPULAR] Coronavirus may put some sense in the Indian public: With all the gaumutra and gobar prasad hindu muslim fights Modi ball licking and stupid Nationalism if Corona kills a ton of people in India while infecting 10 times more and brings the people on their knees perhaps they would realize the importance of logical thinking freedom and human life. Moreover it will help with population control. But the effect has to be pretty bad and I doubt coronavirus will do that. If it was the Black plague or Spanish flu it would have been even better.. India on coronovirus outbreak how bad the situation can be. First Coronavirus Case In Assam As 4YearOld Child Tests Positive. LinkedIn becoming WhatsApp. Maharashtra govt announces effective shutdown of Mumbai local trains. The shit is getting real scary now . Coronavirus General public not allowed in Mumbai local trains from Sunday. Why is EPFO sending this message I aint clapping. Coronavirus Outbreak Updates: [removed]. Why does this message need to come from EPFO. Why does this message need to come from EPFO. My neighbors are having a curfew party: I am from Delhi. And right at this very moment 0148 am my neighbors are having guests in their house. And dancing/singing together on Ki Banu Dunia Da... I can even hear kids playing on the roof. I am sleeping in my garage because I flewin from South Korea 20 days ago and have old parents at home. And the neighbors are planning to throw a curfew party tomorrow as well What is wrong with India. Noida Sector 75 Right Now. No corona no..... Kanika Kapoor complains about hospital conditions Only been given 2 small bananas and an orange that had flies on it. I will be in the balcony on 22nd March at 5pm. What about you India. In Karnataka this is how they are screening passengers on the railway platform.. Indian Council of Medical Research ICMR issues guidelines for COVID19 testing by private laboratories. Maximum cost for testing samples capped at Rs 4500 Rs 1500 for screening test for likely cases amp additional Rs 3000 for confirmation test.. I will be in the balcony on 22nd March at 5pm. What about you India: [removed]. I will be in the balcony on 22nd March at 5 pm. What about you India Its time to support the Corona Heroes who have worked day and night to protect us.. Saw this shitpost on LinkedIn comment your thoughts.: Why 5PM Clapping is important tomorrow on 22nd March The 5pm clapping modi ji asked us to do is extremely interesting. Someone i know whos studied astrology and knows how to corelate with science. At that time Moon is passing to a new nakshatra called Revati. The playing of bells and clapping The cumulative vibration will encourage blood circulation in the body. . Its the reason they used to have huge gonglike bells in old Shakti temples on the mountains. Someone very knowledgeable is guiding Modi ji abt this. Hope it works. 22nd March is Amavasya darkest day in a month. All virus bacteria and evil forces have maximum potential and power on such days. 5 PM clapping shankh nada etc by 130 crore people at the same time will create so much vibrations that virus will lose all potency. Its called science of Energy Medicine . Our model shows 300500 million Covid19 cases in India by July end and at its peak we likely to lose 12 million lives Dr. Ramanan Laxminarayan tells.. Why selfisolation is important: [removed]. Got a computer Heres how you can help the COVID19 situation: All you got to do is install the software and let it run in the background. Its explained in the link below. Basically they are stimulating how the Corona virus proteins behave in different environments to find a potential treatment. A similar method was used to find a treatment for a drug resistant form of Ebola. You could be of some help since Foldinghome has a real impact on finding cures. ampx200B [https//foldingathome.org/2020/03/15/coronaviruswhatweredoingandhowyoucanhelpinsimpleterms/]https//foldingathome.org/2020/03/15/coronaviruswhatweredoingandhowyoucanhelpinsimpleterms/ ampx200B [https//foldingathome.org/2020/02/27/foldinghometakesupthefightagainstcovid192019ncov/]https//foldingathome.org/2020/02/27/foldinghometakesupthefightagainstcovid192019ncov/. Migrant workers from big cities like Mumbai and Pune are trying to get back to their villages. Indian Railway cancelled multiple trains over the last few days and the stations are crowded with people now.. So apparently Kanika Kapoor shared space with South African cricket team when in Lucknow.. How many total corona test India have done till now : [removed]. Lets Pray No new case tomorrow .: [removed]. Indias ways of combating COVID19.: While the entire world is busy making fun of American approach of underestimating the adverse effects of COVID19. Be it the Trumps negligence of calling COVID19 a Hoax or use of faulty test kits during a pandemic. But India is not receiving any criticism for its unreasonable shutdowns of cities and lack of testing for COVID19. Sometimes shame is the best way to change someones conceited decisions. India has imposed a Janta curfew on citizens too early. Even if India is able to somehow prevent the spread of the virus by conducting shutdowns there will be a second wave of infection that will have even worse effect. India has conducted about 11000 test for a population of 1.3 billion whereas South Korea has conducted more than 250000 test for a tad percent of that population. India is not conducting sufficient tests for the virus India only spends less than 1.3 of GDP on Health Care while preparing the annual budget that lack of resources are responsible for these setbacks. India should change its ways to overcome this pandemic.. Brilliant work by pencilshan. https//www.instagram.com/p/B91nTnWJ71M/igshid1vglebz5s54tw. No title: Hello everyone hows the janata curfews preeffect in your locality Today I noticed people in my town which was less crowded for past few days due to the virus spreading gathered at the shops to stock up the goods. The janata curfew has created panic among the citizens which made them think that there will be no stock of the necessary goods amp there will be an hike in the prices in the upcoming days and made them rush to shops/supermarkets. Ive seen few people buying the rations for two months. Due to tomorrows curfew today there was increase in social gathering which could lead to increase in the spread of the virus.. Lets hope this works efficiently. Ahmedabad Airport Busts Lies Of Flyer Who Alleged No Covid19 Screening Releases Video Of Him Getting Tested. how safe or risky is it to continue to stay in my hostel right now: Hostel has both working and students around onethird have gone home. Is it safe to continue staying. Should i immigrate to Bihar : [removed]. COVID19 CORONAVIRUS OUTBREAK Stats. We seriously need to consider a lockdown. My aunt forwarded this message from her sister living in India. Explanation for Janata Curfew: Tbh I dont get the point of it. How is staying in for a day going to help with our current situation If its to encourage social distancing I kind of get the motivation behind it. But I feel even if it is successful its going to go back to the way it is from the very next day. I dont wish to generalize but if feel if the curfew goes as planned and is successful people are going to ride on that high for a long time saying everyone should be proud of themselves. But at the end of the day theyll be missing the point which Im assuming as i said earlier to encourage social distancing.. Standards of passenger screening in Tumkur Railway Station. Friend has extremely high fever 103.7 Doctors at Medanta Gurgaon refuse to test him for coronavirus. Said its a tonsils infection. Doctor Implied that the hospital has been told to limit testing as much as possible. Possibly to keep reported numbers low.. Friend has extremely high fever 103.7 Doctors at Medanta Gurgaon refuse to test him for coronavirus. Said its a tonsils infection. Doctor Implied that the hospital has been told to limit testing as much as possible. Possibly to keep reported numbers low.. India being India. Lets kill the BaCTerIA and Coronavirus by sOuNd EnErGy tomorrow bois... Lets kill the BaCTerIA and Coronavirus by sOuNd EnErGy tomorrow bois... There will never be enough testing and we should be ok with it: I am writing this because I have seen a lot of criticism about India not doing enough coronavirus testing. We belong to a country of huge population and should always assume that there never be enough testing. The stats which we see about number of positives is merely severe or suspicious cases. We should default to the fact that we all are infected every kind of flu symptoms we have should be assumed that you have the virus and then act like it. Self quarantine is the way to go. We all have to come together and work through it. Theres no point expecting people to get tested confirm that you are positive and then go for quarantine.. India being India. My opinion to encourage people for getting quarantined: If they show 90s anime which was shown on disney and cartoon network with proper advertisement Age group from smol af child jisko tv dekh ke samajh nai ata hoga unse leke 2830 ki age tak ke sab tv dekhenge nostalgia feeling leke Good way to get people quarantined But kaun kare hume toh chhota bheem dikhana hai. What the hell: Right now at 2330 some need channel is showing 47 new cases in India whereas the real number is 80 as per ICMR. Whos doing this Giving wrong information.. Shaheen Bagh Protest to Continue on Janata Curfew PIL Filed in SC. Leh cab driver who tested negative for COVID19 twice tests positive after third test: We have previously seen ICMR director saying that the asymptomatic infection stage where the suspects Viral load is low is giving more false negative results . The below case may be an example of that. ampx200B gta resident who had tested negative for COVID19 twice and was discharged from hospital was readmitted Friday along with his family members including a toddler after his third test results came positive. ampx200B gt The patient a cab driver by profession was first admitted to Lehs Sonam Norboo Memorial Hospital after his fatherinlaw tested positive following his return from a religious pilgrimage in Iran on 27 February. ampx200B gt However authorities were not satisfied with the patients results and he was kept in quarantine for a few more days while his family was sent home. This included his motherinlaw wife sisterinlaw and threeyearold son. Its good that Authorities of Leh are doing a good Job . they went for a Third one even when previous two tests came negative. ampx200B gt His samples were sent again. However four days ago he was released. He called me and said that his tests had come back negative. The entire village heaved a sigh of relief but yesterday Friday after spending three whole days with his family he was taken aback. Authorities told us that his third test has come positive ampx200B The good part gt People had observed discipline during containment. No two people gather at a place even when they have to buy essential supplies. People walk alone and buy stuff alone. But after this news people were angered by it and confronted the administration [https//theprint.in/india/lehcabdriverwhotestednegativeforcovid19twicetestspositiveafterthirdtest/385480/]https//theprint.in/india/lehcabdriverwhotestednegativeforcovid19twicetestspositiveafterthirdtest/385480/ ampx200B we may need to enforce mandatory quarantines and for longer durations than two weeks. Lockdown make more sense now. Shaheen Bagh Protest to Continue on Janata Curfew PIL Filed in SC. GoI COVID19 Volunteer Program. COVID19 scare People employed or engaged in essential services only will be allowed in local trains and buses after showing ID cards says Maharashtra health minister RajeshTope. Found a good video from a Princeton professor. Request All working at WhatsApp: [removed]. Mumbai Milk booths chemists grocers to roll down shutters on Sunday petrol pumps to close early. We Rajasthanis are in Lockdown till 31st of March.. What quarantine makes people do People started banging utensil a day before Janta Curfew.. BJP MLC Gynecologist prescribing a drug on Twitter as prophylaxis without proper evidence. How To Protect Yourself From Coronavirus. Air India flight to evacuate 327 stranded Indians from Rome takes off india news. It might already be too late for us.: China had near 2K actual cases when the official case numbers were around 300. Given the fact that their testing rate was much higher than ours the actual number of cases in India might be way worse than reported. Well see this in the coming few weeks. And our govt is handling the situation no better than theirs did at least they didnt ask people to clap to get rid of the virus. Dont trust the govt guys stay home stay safe.. Can we survive the coronavirus: Considering most people have still not taken this matter seriously and are walking outside without wearing masksatleast in my city. And i doubt anyone is going to stay at home even tomorrow.. Shortcuts app for live COVID19 status for India: I have created a shortcut to get the live status for COVID19 cases in India Only for Apple Shortcuts App Download here [https//www.icloud.com/shortcuts/22c051e88f724ad8b4070dc9723d49ce]https//www.icloud.com/shortcuts/22c051e88f724ad8b4070dc9723d49ce. Take care everybody. Sunday closed: I understand social distancing is a prevention action for covid19. Im trying to understand why only one day Sunday everybody is advised to not step out of the house. What is the idea behind this. Has anyone texted their exes yet Its only a Pandemic: Its the end of the world. Is this a good time to text your exes that you loved them that you never should have left. What are your strategies for doing this Has this worked Should I do it Please weigh in folks.. My family members friends all are sharing this image with the message Collective clap of 120 Cr people will release tantric waves in the atmosphere and kill all virus bacteria and brain cells. . Why India has much more than 300 odd COVID19 cases now: This is based on analysis done [here]https//www.youtube.com/watchvmCa0JXEwDEkampt382s. There are currently 4 COVID19 deaths in India. Average incubation period time from first contact with virus till symptoms appear 5.1 days Average no. of days taken from symptom onset to death 15.2 days The above data is taken from [here]https//github.com/midasnetwork/COVID19/tree/master/parameterestimates/2019novelcoronavirus. Time taken from first contact till death 20.3 days Lets assume 21 days for easier calculation Now calculating the doubling rate is difficult as the curve is not perfectly exponential. Taking data from [here]https//covidout.in/ we see that there were 33 cases reported from 1315 March 62 from 1618 March 150 from 1921 March. There are 321 cases now. We can assume a doubling rate of 3 days as the hourwise data is not available. It would be pretty close to that anyway. Calculating the mortality rate is tricky as well. [WHO says it is 3.4]https//www.sciencealert.com/covid19sdeathrateishigherthanthoughtbutitshoulddrop but WHO is a joke. Taking data from [here]https//www.worldometers.info/coronavirus/ there are 287458 cases 11897 deaths and 8117 serious/critical cases. Assuming all serious/critical cases die I hope that doesnt happen we get a mortality rate of 7. Some countries like Iran dont put out a number of serious/critical cases so let us assume a mortality rate of 8 to compensate for them. So we have average time to die as 21 days doubling rate of 3 days in India and a mortality rate of 8. Considering all 4 people died today there were at least 50 cases of COVID19 21 days ago based on the mortality rate. Taking the doubling time of 3 days there would have 100 cases 18 days ago 200 cases 15 days ago and so on. Now there would be 6400 cases. The number of cases would likely be more considering the deaths happened earlier and the mortality rate of 8 might be a bit inflated. Considering WHOs mortality rate cases in India would be north of 128000 now. However much they maybe they would probably be several degrees of magnitude greater than the official number. If there is anything wrong in the approach besides the assumptions do let me know.. When Modiji said to support doctors and nurses by clapping at 5pm and be cheerful. This is what many understood.. Positive sides of corona in India.: Silence silence is what I observe. CAA NRC where are the riots BJP Congress Where is your political neusence I heard somebody wanted reservation Where are you Where are those rallies where are the terrorists Where is a HINDU Where is a MUSLIM Where is the Ram mandir Where is the Babri masjid I feel that the Corona / Covid19 is great. I hear silence I wanted to hear from long. I see peace i see solidarity. I see a nation. A nation standing together as one. I see we value things when they are lost. I see the VALUE OF HUMAN LIFE after long.. Audio clip spreading fake non sense about lockdown till 15th June is spreading like wildfire cause of idiots.: Woke up today with my mother screaming that India will be in lockdown till 15th June. I knew this was fake didnt even need to hear the whole thing but then she told me that my Mausaji who used to work in Ranbaxy and studied Pharmacy sent an audio clip where a man is having a conversation with his friend claiming that the sister of one of his friend works in WHO and India might be in lockdown from 15th April to 15th June. I cant believe people fall for this obviously fake bullshit.. How to make sense of Keralas mega COVID19 financial package. Coronavirus crisis AntiCAA protestor in Shaheen Bagh tests positive. 10 Countries Active Corona Cases. Coronavirus Pune woman may be first case of community transmission in India. Pune Woman With No Foreign Travel Link Tests Positive For Coronavirus:  The woman who is currently on ventilator support at Unnamed Hospital had not travelled to a foreign country neither did any of her family members. However she had attended a wedding in Navi Mumbais Vashi on March 3. She was initially admitted to a local hospital for pneumonia and her samples were sent for H1N1 testing which was apparently tested negative. [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusindianewspunewomanwithnoforeigntravellinktestspositiveforcovid192198584]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/coronavirusindianewspunewomanwithnoforeigntravellinktestspositiveforcovid192198584 ampx200B It should be clear now .There are few similar cases detected recently . We may have crossed stage 2 .. Newspaper being circulated asking people not to skip prayers in mosques. More details in comments.: [removed]. SupportJantaCurfew. Visa expiring next week and no flights: [removed]. UttarPradesh Amid coronavirus scare Yogi govt cancels Ram Navami festival in Ayodhya: In a Much needed move UP govt cancelled the nine day congregation at Ayodhya . ampx200B gt Both the Ayodhya district administration and Mahant Nritya Gopal Das head of the Ram Janmabhoomi Teertha Kshetra Trust which is overseeing the temple construction have appealed to devotees to not congregate in Ayodhya for the Ram Mahotsav and instead celebrate at home. VHP gt This disease is spreading due to human to human contact. This is a century old Ram Navami festival but keeping the welfare of society in mind we are cancelling this congregation. We want to protect our children and societies. [https//theprint.in/india/amidcoronavirusscareyogigovtcancelsramnavamifestivalinayodhya/385475/]https//theprint.in/india/amidcoronavirusscareyogigovtcancelsramnavamifestivalinayodhya/385475/. Its better to die from covid19 than to hear this kind of logic.. This WhatsApp forward I just received. Smh.. ThOra sa enjoy karo isCo bohot kam kar rahe ho. My mother doesnt listen.: My mother is not listening and tkes the COVID19 thing very lightly. She goes everyday to her cousins house and 67 people meet up there cause theyre bored. She even refused to stop the house help from coming home but my father and I argued and somehow made sure the house help arent coming home. I send so many news articles on whatsapp about community transmission and shes the least bit bothered. I am losing my patience as both my parents are50 you would think she has sense as shes older I really feel like im going to burst cause Ive tried telling her so many times. As the chances of community transfer is spreading I feel helpless and Im scared where I will get very mean I can be if pushed to a certain point .. Bruh.. Real Time COVID19 Information with Government Notices. Theres a newspaper being distributed telling people to pray in mosques no matter what. Is there anything that can be done about this More info in comments.. shuru ho gaya coronavirus ke upar gurugram valo ka akraman. Deaths due to COVID19 per million people. Residents of Gardenia Gateway Noida chanting the Gayatri Mantra from their balconies as a measure against Corona virus. United We Fall Divided We Stand.: INDIA United We Stand. However for the time being United We Fall Divided We Stand.. Govt caps maximum retail price of 200ml hand sanitizer at Rs 100 till June. How to make your parents stay home How to Fight the misinformation on social media: Dad in 60s n mom 50s with underlying healty conditions. Yet they dont listen like I was scolded instead for shutting the door. They act so uneducated. Also some information is so baseless. Like clapping thing in whatsapp wtf is going on. My city is in COVID19 lockdown need advice from a Doctor/ Nurse about Rabies Exposure.: [removed]. claps in WhatsApp forwards. CM of Telangana shouldnt have downplayed corona pandemic.. Oh Corona A Corona Anthem I created on day 4 of quarantine in India.. If you believe clapping amp shank sounds can kill the virus but dont have Indian Instruments at home Dont worry use this app on 22nd March 500 PM instead. Sonu Nigam endorses fake news circulating in Whatsapp Groups. Fat Indian VIP culture and Corona. India has 138 Billionaires. Are all clapping from the balcony tomorrow. Coronavirus India cases cross 300 12 more test positive in Kerala. Vijayan bhaiya jindabad. We are in 3rd Stage of this epidemic. Stay Safe people. Prepare Dont Panic. Have tried to pass on information through animated video.. Dr Ramanan Laxminarayan on Mojoour model shows 300500 million Corona cases in India by July end amp at its peak we likely to lose 12 million lives.. 100 Solution for corona virus. Shaheen bagh protest to continue during janata curfew.. Raj Kapoor predicting Coronavirus. India Today... UPSC prelims/interview: How are you guys doing. Im appearing for pre this year and pandemic stress with pre stress is making me lose my mind. Also people who prepared long and hard to reach interview only for it to be postponed indefinitely.. Lets keep humanity alive A small act of kindness CoVID19: During these tough times we all are focusing on hoarding and protecting ourselves. We all forget that India has a huge homelessness problem. There are many out there who are struggling. Not only these people have any jobs left and lost whatever they employment they had but also nowhere to buy food even if they manage to have some cash with them. These poor people have kids to feed and families to take care. They starving while fighting against CoVID19. Folks in my building are cooking food and gathering food packets to distribute amongst them. I understand the risk in doing this we also have to be kind towards others. If I can I will request you to do bare minimum while taking utmost precaution and care of yourself and help such people in this crisis. Lets keep humanity alive and kill the motherfucking virus.. Coronavirus knowledge 101. My friend who works as a UX lead. He is very talented in his field btw. But bhaktism is instilled deep.. Any links to Indian Doctors/Grocery Clerks/Drivers/ Staff who are sharing onground video content of C19: As a documentary filmmaker I am practising selfisolation. This means not going out to do research and potentially putting people at risk. As a filmmaker I am aware of what is going on around us and responsible for my actions. I will not blindly go out talking to people because there has never been a better time to make a film. Keeping this idea in mind along with a couple of filmmakers I am trying to work on the idea of a collective film essay made by filmmakers in selfisolation during the Covid19 crisis aiming to compose a collective diary of Mankind exclusively through online content. This being film a diary it is supposed to develop in time for this reason we suggest Focus on users or pages rather than only on single videos reporting posts of people sharing interesting content daily or with a certain regularity. Trying to avoid very short videos less than 20 seconds Prefer private users content to newsreels and government messages.. Poor Indians flee to villages as coronavirus measures take heavy toll. CoronaVirus v/s Indian Babas A video showing how some indian Babas and politicians are spreading misinformation and superstition that could harm us. Stay safe guys. Coronavirus India confirms 110 new cases in two days continues to deny community transmission. The amount of bullshit people come up with..... Only a matter of time. India level of fear of contracting COVID19 by age group Statista survey. Millennials fear contraction the most while baby boomers are least scared. Phew phew phew. Everything about this conversation is incredibly bizarre. And shes a former editor of ToI. Corona go Go Corona. Covid 19 self assessment tool in English Hindi and Marathi to help triage.. Not testing enough for coronavirus is INDIA making a big mistake. Please dont be like those birds be like that monkey. Practice social distancing for few days. stay isolated. Save humanity.. I tried to be sarcastic but underestimated my clg whatsapp group.. Sadhguru on Coronavirus Outbreak in China. Kill me.. People will be arrested if they ignore Janta Curfew and argue with cops says Bengaluru police commissioner. Nice one. Modi.. Nice one. Modi.. Thanks. The next outbreak Were not ready Bill Gates [Old Video 3 Apr 2015]. Latest news about Corona virus in india: Finally India got its Covid 19 Dashboard No more spreading Rumors [Corona virus details]https//covidout.in/. I think we are looking at the tip of the iceberg a woman40 tested positive for covid19 without any travel history of abroad.. Will Lock Down Delhi If Needed To Save Your Life Says Arvind Kejriwal. Meanwhile in my apartment. COVID19 will not be tested for free in India. Indian jugaad for my apartments lift . Need advise if what my society is doing is indeed the right thing.: So in fear of COVID19 many places are taking steps to exercise social distancing. My society just issued a notice that no delivery/courier guys will be allowed inside. We live in a 15 floor building and now everyone has to come down and accept their deliveries. Is this a good decision I think not because even though they think this protects their building from potential disease carriers this also exposes every one receiving a delivery to the delivery guy. When many countries are practicing door delivery and contact less deliveries I fail to see how everyone coming out of their homes is a good idea. What should I do And how do I make them change this decision. To all stay at home indians that still need to pay bills: Still want to earn some money While sitting at home And having fun meanwhile Check out this new hype to earn money [https//roobet.com/refuserisnew]https//roobet.com/refuserisnew Why this for Indians Because it is so easy that you dont need anything else just from deposit havinf fun and withdraw your winnings \ No verification needed for deposits and withdrawals for any amount \ Instant deposits \ Bitcoin and Ethereum are supported \ Custom made games with very low house edges I made over 350 bucks within 1 hour playing their games Try it yourself [https//roobet.com/refuserisnew]https//roobet.com/refuserisnew. coronavirus A 20 yearoldman in Barkas in Hyderabad was garlanded after being reportedly cleared by doctors at Gandhi Hospital. The man was shifted to Gandhi Hospital after local doctors at CHC Barkas found he showed symptoms of COVID 19.. Be Safe . SupportJantaCurfew Covid19India: Be Safe . Stay at Home. Wash your Hand Regular. Meditation with Pranyam at least for 5 minutes. Prayer to God. SupportJantaCurfew Covid19India. Unnecessary travels will not help you or others listen to advise by doctors and authorities urges PM Modi: Coronavirus has infected more than 270000 people and killed more than 11000 across the world. Meanwhile India has reported four deaths and 283 cases so far. In his address to the nation PM Modi called for Janata Curfew on March 22 and urged people to avoid panicbuying. Stay with TOI for all the latest updates. Coronavirus knowledge 101. 12 passengers tested positive for Covid19 Indian Railways:  Twelve people who have travelled by two different trains recently have been tested positive for coronavirus said the Railway Ministry on Saturday.. NRI tests positive for COVID19 refuses to reveal his movements after coming in contact with others. There are incredible people in this world.. There are incredible people in this world.. A 1200bed New Civil Hospital building in Amdavad where Gujarats first dedicated medical care facility to fight back Coronavirus will come up next week. Similar dedicated set up are planned in SuratVadodara Rajkot.. CORONA GO GO CORONA CANT Believe this is happening in india. India expands COVID19 testing now includes asymptomatic persons with contact history Also to test patients with no travel history or contact with a known positive case. India expands COVID19 testing now includes asymptomatic persons with contact history Also to test patients with no travel history or contact with a known positive case. Explainer What Happens During A COVID19 Test. Correct handwashing techique.. How to sell hand sanitisers online[NP]: Hey guys Someone I know has a masters in chemistry and is pretty good at it he recently created about 500L of hand sanitisers and was giving it out to everyone he could find in his office. Now he wants to sell this online with little or no profile because of the current situation. He is using WHO guidelines to create the sanitisers I know that it is easy but sourcing and handling these things without proper lab equipments can be challenging thats why he wants to sell them online such that people need not go through lengths to create their own. So if he were to create these would he need a manufacturing license He wants to sell this on amazon any help would be appreciated.. CoronafreeIndia. Rest of the world Were doing all of these things to stop corona. Modi . [Coronavirus] Urgent help needed to investigate few things about Corona: [removed]. Actual image of covid19. Big Rise in Coronavirus Cases in Maharashtra We are Heading Towards Stage 3 Says State Health Minister.. Which business are affected by CoronaVirus. The vegetarians are out for sap..... COVID19 Telangana to observe Janata Curfew for 24 hours may shut Maharashtra border. Kanika Kapoor Is it really her fault: Just an alternative view. Given she was in Lucknow to perform at a high profile event she would have received some advanced payment etc. wondering whether it was possible for her to decline the event given it was being organised by the powerful politicians. Maybe she crumbled under that pressure This is just a thought..I dont have any solid information on this hypothesis. I am hoping Kanika Kapoor comes out with this if it was a case. In any case hope she recovers and other people learn from her mistake.. Isolation is the best thing possible right now. Spread the Awareness.. VIP privilege is hampering Indias fight against Covid19. To control coronavirus CM Shri NaveenOdisha has announced near complete lockdown in 5 districts amp some towns. From 22nd March 7 AM to 29th March 9 PM only emergency services will be available. CM has appealed to the public to stay indoors amp stay safe. 7DayOdishaLockdown. 3 ways to make emergency masks.... Meanwhile another video of Bhilwara Rajasthan. Police using physical force to implement curfew.. Corporate greed over safety Please spread the word.: I work for the largest construction company in india. They are not listening to logic and providing work from home. The topmost guy has gone to the extent of saying focus on business work shouldnt stop no matter what. There are rumours going around people have shown symptoms and have been told to go home. Yet they wont shut down. Across india they are forcing people to work at sites and offices. Do lives not matter All these people value their profit over humanity. Thousands of people have to travel by public transport every day because of this company. I had to vent out somewhere. I just did. God help us.. Corona: [https//www.youtube.com/watchvDJ7DEpKrfS0]https//www.youtube.com/watchvDJ7DEpKrfS0. Lazy Official Undertaking Coronavirus Thermal Scanning Suspended. Union Health Ministry A total of 298 cases of Covid19 have been reported in the country. Out of the total number four people have died and 22 others have been recovered.. Corona Safe Volunteer Network Kerala. No Clapping Doesnt Kill Coronavirus.. God help this society.. SBI to grant special loans to Coronavirus hit borrowers.  killcoronavirus india: [removed].  killcoronavirus: [removed].  killcoronavirus: [removed]. Is loosing common sense symptoms of virus. Mirror Now on Twitter Covid19 A couple from Delhi with the quarantine stamp found onboard the BangaloreDelhi Rajdhani Express. Will summer in India end coronavirus No I think : [removed]. Free access by Scribd Read books audiobooks etc for 30 days without Credit Card: [removed]. Dont be like such people. Spread awareness of the virus as much as you can lest we get doomed.. Well she warned us.. If you are still doubtful. Who need to get tested for CoronaVirus Complete list. Its safe to say we citizens are on our own here.:  The govt is just clueless I guess this is what we should expect once we elect chaiwallahs and people who shout goli maaro into positions of power. They are making one huge blunder after another all which will lead to compounding of the situation and rapid spread of the virus. You need an educated response with coordination between all arms of the government to tackle this fast spreading pandemic not clueless morons whose only skill is rousing radical mobs with communal hate speeches and polarising people The politicians lackadaisical attitude is clearly visible they are attending one holi party followed by bday parties when the nations citizens are wfh quarantined etc. Just for example when the people should stay put wherever they are [Indian Railways is running special train to from severely affected Kerala and this train goes across the country to end in West Bengal]https//twitter.com/vidyadharansovi/status/1241293918248943616s20 basically transporting the virus across the country. Were DOOMED. Lets all meet at gates of Valhalla. Dont forget your masks.. A sincere officer testing temperature of railway passengers. This is really getting serious. We need to stop romanticizing Suffering. Its gonna get us all killed. Covid19: March 22 we are supposed to show gratitude to health workers by you know banging utensils and bells and hands. Because doctors are putting their lives in danger FOR US. So like we should thank them. ampx200B Easy and proven methods of changing the narrative. Make humans suffer gt Romanticize it gt discredit all their genuine needs and demands by creating an illusion of showing gratitude. We dont need gratitude we need concrete measures. [Dont Have Enough Protective Equipment AIIMS Docs on COVID19]https//fit.thequint.com/healthnews/aiimsdoctorsneedmoreprotectiveequipmentcovid19india [COVID19 To tackle protective gear shortage AIIMS doctors use selfmade hand sanitisers plastic masks]https//www.aninews.in/news/national/generalnews/covid19totackleprotectivegearshortageaiimsdoctorsuseselfmadehandsanitisersplasticmasks20200319100747/ [Healthcare workers face crisis of protective gears]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/healthcareworkersfacecrisisofprotectivegears/articleshow/74740534.cms [Indias First Line Of Defense Against The Coronavirus Is An Army Of 900000 Women Without Masks Or Hand Sanitizer]https//www.buzzfeednews.com/article/nishitajha/indiacoronaviruscasesashas ampx200B Talking about the ASHA workers they have been protesting since January for various demands one of which was not being paid since 15 months. [Asha workers stage massive protest in Bengaluru]https//www.deccanherald.com/city/topbengalurustories/ashaworkersstagemassiveprotestinbengaluru791232.html ampx200B But guys lets clap be grateful right. Meanwhile [QuebecCanada is providing free emergency daycare services for the preschool and elementaryaged children of healthcare providers and other workers in essential services as the province implements measures to contain COVID19.]https//montreal.ctvnews.ca/covid19quebectoofferfreeemergencydaycareforhealthcareworkers1.4854028 ampx200B I know its unfair to straight out compare with developed nations but just pointing out the fact that being grateful isnt enough. We need to address issues. ampx200B The same goes with so many aspects of our society. Soldiers fighting at the border we are told to be grateful . And the same politicians who go on about it neglect real issues that affect these soldiers. The same politicians make us fight the wars. ampx200B And at the end of the day ask us to be grateful. Which makes us feel good ourselves and the next day poof no one cares anymore. You cant just upvote the healthcare workers and leave it to that. But yes lets bang utensils.. Look beyond gomutra you will find numerous idiots.. Can CoronaVirus spread through Food. Corona Stop Karo Na Kartik Aaryan. How WhatsApp forwards on coronavirus broke the 1 tn Indian poultry industry: [removed]. T.N. puts curbs on traffic across borders till March 31.State government on Friday evening imposed restrictions on vehicular traffic from neighbouring States of Kerala Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh.. P.B. Nooh a man with a gift for instant decisionmaking at Keralas ground zero of crisis. This is how theyre checking for Coronavirus. Pune woman tests ve surprises docs Repost because had to change the title [TOI 21 March]. Why is the government only now ramping up Testing and bringing in Private labs for Coronavirus when it literally had 2 months of warning from China: China went into lockdown in mid January. India expects to bring 51 private labs online for testing in a month The government started Social Distancing policy just last week. Government has tested less than 20000 people till now. We had over 2 months of time to get prepared and avoid a scene like Italy. What exactly was the government doing all that time besides bullshit screening test at airport which scientists says is useless. Corona ke pakode. FFS.. The purpose of the curfew: Can someone tell me why the curfew tomorrow is a practical answer to the danger were facing What was the motivation behind this decision Was it to show appreciation for everyone working against the virus Was it aimed to be a preventive measure Is it supposed to bring the country together or something. Nobody will fly.. Congratulations Corona You might have successfully progressed to stage 3.. This video from the movie Independence day accurately describes Party goers amid the Coronavirus Pandemic.. Not a good time for Anxious folks: If youre like me and have anxiety then you probably already know that the current situation does a lot of damage to our mental health. Although I have no idea how to cope I wanted to let you all know youre not alone. I am so sorry we all have to go through this. I am hoping for a miracle or a vaccine. Whichever comes first.. SC stay of HCs temporary tax relief amidst coronavirus crisis legally flawed. When will people understand. A government official explained that the aircraft was forced to return because of interministry confusion.. Government Measures for Coronavirus Control Leave the Poor High and Dry The Wire Science. Pune Woman With No Foreign Travel History Tests Positive for Coronavirus On Ventilator Support. So it begins... [TOI March 21]. We are already in Stage 3 but government sources still in denial. Covid19 Temp Check assistant on phone at railway station Police doing nothing.. For all the people asking about how long the corona virus can survive on different surfaces. This is from NIH. usa. Punjab Govts Corona Alerts App Lol. Forwarded by a 31 year old doctor in a family group.: The 5pm clapping modi asked us to do is extremely interesting. Someone i know whos studied astrology and knows how to corelate with science. At that time Moon is passing to a new nakshatra called Revati. The playing of bells and clapping The cumulative vibration will encourage blood circulation in the body. . Its the reason they used to have huge gonglike bells in old Shakti temples on the mountains. Someone very knowledgeable is guiding Modi abt this. Hope it works. 22nd March is Amavasya darkest day in a month. All virus bacteria and evil forces have maximum potential and power on such days. 5 PM clapping shankh nada etc by 130 crore people at the same time will create so much vibrations that virus will lose all potency. Must for everyone. And I replied if it was a satire and I think I am permanently blocked from the group which I created.. Is this an idea that can be executed at some level : Get a group of doctors to digitally via phone /video chat connect with elderly over the age of 60 on a daily basis. Each doctor can be assigned 50 elderly people. They will schedule a 10 min check in with them daily via video conferencing. This will ensure that we cover the age group most susceptible to coronavirus and identify cases which may begin to crop up among the elderly. Early identification may lead to lesser victims. I havent made the population calculations as to how many doctors we would need but since this is a remote thing I believe there can be some level of planning around this.. Woman with no foreign tour history tests positive for Covid19 in India. Forwarded by a doctor in a 31 year old family group : [removed]. CAPFs Prepared to Set Up 5500Bed Quarantine for COVID19. From a Bowling alley somewhere . Janata needs to be responsible..for everything even the ghanta: Shivam Vij DilliDurAst Tweeted Curfew by janata Self isolation by janata No hoarding by janata Protecting wage by Janata What did His Highness do Ghanta. LIVE Pune woman with no travel history tests positive.. Telangana MLA Says Hell SelfIsolate Takes Train Attends Events. WTF. Pune woman with no foreign tour history tests coronavirus positive. ICMR revises its policy to test coronavirus patients in India. Ishaan Tharoor is yelling at Shashi Tharoor calling him a lackadaisical boomer on Twitter to get him to stay home.. Will someone explain how much is this accurate As Ive also read that coronaviruss life span in air is 3 hours on copper is 4 hours on cardboard is 24 hours on stainless steel is 23 days and on plastic its 3 days.... If this is the case then whats the point of jantacurfew. Coronavirus The Hindu brings out ebook on essential COVID19 information. My societys announcement Complete ban on on entry/exit of residents guests or domestic helps for one day because of direction by PM. Can they do this with any legal basis We are really dependent on our cook.. Coronavirus in Punjab Updates Here. Hope and Unity Nikshazz on Twitter. Complaint Against Coronavirus Singer Kanika Kapoor Raises Questions. Happy Kid takes up safe hand wash challenge. waragainstvirus waragainstcorona safehandwash who. AmsterdamDelhi Flight Makes UTurn As India Denies Permission To Land. PSA You can get yourself tested for COVID19 from today even if you dont have travel history: [removed]. PSA You can get yourself tested for COVID19 from todat even if you dont have travel history: [removed]. With COVID19 2020 has marked its place in history for the century.: The future is here. This world is about to go through an irreversible change. Its not the future we had in mind but its a reality that we have to accept. Survival will be a part of our daily lives for the upcoming years. Governments are going to get powerful. Your idea of freedom will be redefined. The party is over.. This is how they are planning to stop this virus. Isiliye India ka naam itna kharaab hai. Case in a Mumbai slum. Call centre employees in Mumbai are forced to work. Tech Mahindra and Intelent while the big bosses are at home: A friend sent me this msg BMC guys had come on the floor taken pictures. They had a discussion. Turned off a few lights. Told the back office team to take a walk down and come back to the floor. So basically they feel that if we take precaution nothing will happen but the business needs to continue. Basically the big bosses are home and the employees are working. In Mumbai earlier it was 50 WFM but now due to the shutdown no one should be working but these people are forced to. Can we do anything . Go Corona /s. Comic Book for Kids Corona Awareness. stayhome. Case in a Mumbai slum Officials hit tracking hurdle. stayhome. stayhome. Coronavirus proved either India will panic or they dont care at all.: From morning I am trying to convince people around me either No need to panic or Please please please stay at home. Jamun ka ped the jamun tree an English translation. Dont give up people: Before shit hits the fan a part of people dont see it. Movies not made this up its a facts. Our eyes programmed to ignore our nose by default cause its very close very neighborly. When When Wuhan had exponential growth in infection i was death scared inside for my family and all countryman. I know were nowhere near understanding the invisible infiltrator which is going to take lot of lives even if we prepare and know how to fight this. But as morbidly sad it is its true most of us not smart nor wise. Most of us dont understand how fucked up were in this category of life Hygiene and logic. Ive been telling my friends to stay home and you know what the closest stupid fucker you got the less these people listens. Ill keep telling them to do so cause its the right thing to do as its our duty as a social radio to broadcast. Broadcast people keep the hoard at home. Dont lose hope these are the people you got. \jantaCarfew is stupid fucking thing Ive seen of Modi Govt. yet. They are extreme at everything but not to this extreme threat. Our country is in the incubation state right now in few weeks charts will flood scaring people to panic buy more stuffs to create more panic. If panic in train station panic in religious faith panic in more dumb things can kill few people in normal times. Imagine what we cant imagine in apocalyptic India. Google you can find there were people before YesBank fall waring RBi govt to take measures. US France Italy paying for their mistake laughing at Covid19. Like other countries we need war fund for people. BJP need to get their head out of their a\\ and start doing what others amp Kerala CM done for people for humanity. Before every disaster happens there are always some people some of us caring for all. Here were these guys to our friends family and relatives. Do whatever in your power to make them understand what kind of death threat is this. Pandemics are the wind of death that takes millions of lives away whenever they occur. Be strong people be strong be more like Dustin from Stranger things. We need you to keep preaching keep the hoard at bay. Lets fight.. Work From Home These Days [OC]. The cumulative trend graph is almost vertical nowwe have already messed up....... Source covid19india.org. Corona Virus Laboratory List India Update News. Stay indoors. Who am I supposed to go to if I believe that I or a loved one has symptoms Where can I get tested Are the private pathology labs competent: [removed]. Coronavirus Spain and Italy applaud health workers. CM Yogi will order shoot at site for patients running from quarantine if situation escalate. [Just kidding]: [removed]. Who am I supposed to go to if I believe that I or a loved one has symptoms Where can I get tested Are the private pathology labs competent: [removed]. A foreign return girl from Ahmedabad broke self quarantine rules ventured out for 9 days in the whole fucking city to meet friends. A foreign return man from Rajkot went to 3 weddings and a funeral. Why should these idiots not be jailed: So 10 days ago Ahmedabad had 0 cases of coronavirus. A girl from London returns to the city. She had been tested and told to stay in her home for 2 weeks until the test comes. The test after 10 dats comes positive. However she has ventured all around the city. She has gone to the premium club. She has gone to atleast 3 restaurants. She has met her friends. Why the fuck is it so difficult to understand My whole apartment has been under selfimposed lockdown. We have been trying to stay at home as much as possible. Yet because of this girl today we have 15 suspected positive cases. Also one thing Im noticing is that the so called poor people are better at maintaining hygiene. My domestic helps come straight from their home and firstly wash their hands and then enter the house. They wash their hands 45 times a day and have told guests who were going to visit to not visit. This girl on the other hand instead of staying in London returned here. So she potentially brought a case where there was 0 chance. Then she roams around freely in the city. Why Because she wanted to meet friends and hang out. Why the fuck do you put an entire city at risk People are pitying her but i think she should be jailed for negligence. Fucking idiots. UP CM Yogi Adityanath announced relief package for construction and daily wage labourers amid Coronavirus crisis.. People who claim that Indian immune system is stronger are so terribly wrong because its the exact fucking opposite. The average immune system of an Indian is much weaker than any other person in the world. Yall arent taking this pandemic seriously. Suspected Covid19 patient commits suicide at Safdarjung hospital[old]. Work from home irritations : I dont understand why my parents are so ignorant. They believe this pandemic was planned and it affects only people who they target. They tease people who stay home and quarantine themselves. They even mock at people wearing masks. They are coming with their own theories and logics based on the WhatsApp messages they read. Out of all the WhatsApp forwards they believe only what they like. Remaining they just ignore. Now they strongly believe clapping hands at 5pm tomorrow will eradicate the whole thing out. My biggest part of irritation is to watch and not say anything sitting at home. Work from home hurts Sorry for typos as I am typing it from my mobile. Third COVID case in West Bengal. First in rural West Bengal.: Resident of habra. Travel history to Scotland. Rural area spread can be totally different thing to contain.. COVID19 Information: ampx200B These are the collection of data from various resources. Corona virus What it is Novel First time human immunity system is being exposed to this virus Corona virus Family of viruses with crown shape Symptoms Please monitor your temperature if you have dry cough. If you get high temperature amp any of the mentioned symptoms in point 2 please seek medical advise. In a case if you have sore throat please practice social distancing and isolate yourself. The incubation period means the time between catching the virus and beginning to have symptoms of the disease. Most estimates of the incubation period for COVID19 range from 114 days most commonly around five days. These estimates will be updated as more data become available. The most common symptoms of COVID19 are 1. fever tiredness and dry cough The AND is important point to note. 2. Some patients may have aches and pains nasal congestion runny nose sore throat or diarrhea Apart from mentioned above. 3. These symptoms are usually mild and begin gradually. 4. Some people become infected but dont develop any symptoms and dont feel unwell. 5. Most people about 80 recover from the disease without needing special treatment. 6. Around 1 out of every 6 people who gets COVID19 becomes seriously ill and develops difficulty breathing. 7. Older people and those with underlying medical problems like high blood pressure heart problems or diabetes are more likely to develop serious illness. People with fever cough and difficulty breathing should seek medical attention. Spreading People can catch COVID19 from others who have the virus. The disease can spread from person to person through small droplets from the nose or mouth which are spread when a person with COVID19 coughs or exhales. These droplets land on objects and surfaces around the person. Other people then catch COVID19 by touching these objects or surfaces then touching their eyes nose or mouth. People can also catch COVID19 if they breathe in droplets from a person with COVID19 who coughs out or exhales droplets. This is why it is important to stay more than 1 meter 3 feet away from a person who is sick. Asymptomatic Spreading ampx200B 1. If a person is asymptomatic it is highly that he is not communicating the disease till he follows a good personal hygiene. The main way the disease spreads is through respiratory droplets expelled by someone who is coughing. The risk of catching COVID19 from someone with no symptoms at all is very low. However many people with COVID19 experience only mild symptoms. This is particularly true at the early stages of the disease. It is therefore possible to catch COVID19 from someone who has for example just a mild cough and does not feel ill. WHO is assessing ongoing research on the period of transmission of COVID19 and will continue to share updated findings. How to protect yourself You can reduce your chances of being infected or spreading COVID19 by taking some simple precautions ampx200B 1. WASH your hands Regularly and thoroughly clean your hands with an alcoholbased hand rub or wash them with soap and water. Why Washing your hands with soap and water or using alcoholbased hand rub kills viruses that may be on your hands. 2. Maintain at least 1 meter 3 feet distance between yourself and anyone who is coughing or sneezing. Why When someone coughs or sneezes they spray small liquid droplets from their nose or mouth which may contain virus. If you are too close you can breathe in the droplets including the COVID19 virus if the person coughing has the disease. 3. Avoid touching eyes nose and mouth. Why Hands touch many surfaces and can pick up viruses. Once contaminated hands can transfer the virus to your eyes nose or mouth. From there the virus can enter your body and can make you sick. 4. Make sure you and the people around you follow good respiratory hygiene. This means covering your mouth and nose with your bent elbow or tissue when you cough or sneeze. Then dispose of the used tissue immediately. Why Droplets spread virus. By following good respiratory hygiene you protect the people around you from viruses such as cold flu and COVID19. 5. Stay home if you feel unwell. If you have a fever cough and difficulty breathing seek medical attention and call in advance. Follow the directions of your local health authority. Why National and local authorities will have the most up to date information on the situation in your area. Calling in advance will allow your health care provider to quickly direct you to the right health facility. This will also protect you and help prevent spread of viruses and other infections. 6. Keep up to date on the latest COVID19 hotspots cities or local areas where COVID19 is spreading widely. If possible avoid traveling to places especially if you are an older person or have diabetes heart or lung disease. Why You have a higher chance of catching COVID19 in one of these areas. 7. Self isolation period should be 514 days.[Guidelines for Home Quarantine]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/Guidelinesforhomequarantine.pdf Please make sure if you use mask you know how to handle it. Incorrect handling and using of mask will lead you in troubles touching front of the mask not disposing it touching mask again and again to adjust it Only wear a mask if you are ill with COVID19 symptoms especially coughing or looking after someone who may have COVID19. Disposable face mask can only be used once. If you are not ill or looking after someone who is ill then you are wasting a mask. There is a worldwide shortage of masks so WHO urges people to use masks wisely. WHO advises rational use of medical masks to avoid unnecessary wastage of precious resources and misuse of masks [see Advice on the use of masks]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/whenandhowtousemasks. The most effective ways to protect yourself and others against COVID19 are to frequently clean your hands cover your cough with the bend of elbow or tissue and maintain a distance of at least 1 meter 3 feet from people who are coughing or sneezing. See [basic protective measures against the new coronavirus]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/whenandhowtousemasks for more information. Guidelines for home qurantine Recommendations for travelers It is prudent for travelers who are sick to delay or avoid travel to affected areas in particular for elderly travelers and people with chronic diseases or underlying health conditions. General recommendations for personal hygiene cough etiquette and keeping a distance of at least one meter from persons showing symptoms remain particularly important for all travelers. These include Perform hand hygiene frequently particularly after contact with respiratory secretions. Hand hygiene includes either cleaning hands with soap and water or with an alcoholbased hand rub. Alcoholbased hand rubs are preferred if hands are not visibly soiled wash hands with soap and water when they are visibly soiled Cover your nose and mouth with a flexed elbow or paper tissue when coughing or sneezing and disposing immediately of the tissue and performing hand hygiene Refrain from touching mouth and nose A medical mask is not required if exhibiting no symptoms as there is no evidence that wearing a mask of any type protects nonsick persons. However in some cultures masks may be commonly worn. If masks are to be worn it is critical to follow best practices on how to wear remove and dispose of them and on hand hygiene after removal see [Advice on the use of masks]https//apps.who.int/iris/rest/bitstreams/1269003/retrieve As for any travel travelers are also advised to follow proper food hygiene practices including [the five keys for food safety]https//www.who.int/foodsafety/publications/consumer/en/5keysen.pdfua1ampua1 as well as [recommendations to reduce the risk of transmission of emerging pathogens from animals to human in live markets]https//www.who.int/healthtopics/coronavirus/whorecommendationstoreduceriskoftransmissionofemergingpathogensfromanimalstohumansinliveanimalmarkets. Actions taken by Gov of India Now this is crucial part. India is a federal state and cannot impose restrictions directly as it is a state matter until or unless Emergency is invoked. Timeline of measures and recommendations to states 20th of March Recommendation for implementation of social distancing measures 50 per cent of Group B and C employees are required to attend office every day and the remaining 50 per cent staff should be instructed to work from home. Weekly roster of duty should be drafted for Group B and C staff and they are to attend office on alternate weeks. Working hours for all employees who attend office on a particular day should be staggered. Further States shall issue instructions for regulating hours in all services except for essential services. Industrial establishments to consider staggered timings and regulation of crowd in market should also be resorted to. States shall issue directions to private sector to consider work from home wherever feasible. All educational institutions theatres museums gyms exam centers etc. shall be closed temporarily. States shall take necessary actions to ensure that all sporting events competitions and religious gatherings shall be postponed and it shall be ensured that required social distanced is maintained even in smaller gatherings. With respect to public transport it is directed that metros railways buses and airplanes shall consider decrease in frequency of their services alternate seating to ensure social distancing. Effective disinfection and crowd management be ensured in places like railway stations metro stations bus stands and airports. Railways have already issued orders in deference to GoM directions wherein travel concessions for senior citizens and all others availing concessional booking except for patients students and divyangjan category since 0000 hours of 20 March 2020 have been temporarily suspended. Further in order to protect the most vulnerable of our population all states shall issue appropriate instructions where in all citizens above 65 years except for public representatives/government servants/medical professionals should be advised to remain at home and avoid gatherings except for medical reasons and need for essential services. Youth and citizens are urged to become volunteers to support the governments ongoing efforts in management of COVID19. Ministry of Pharma and Consumer Affairs to take necessary action against anyone charging exorbitant price for masks sanitizers and other health related logistic material and to facilitate their availability in all hospitals and to people at large. They also directed that people should be sensitized on appropriate use of masks to be utilized only when needed and to wash hands with soap. ampx200B 8th of March \[[https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/COVIDCabSecLetterGuidelines.pdf]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/COVIDCabSecLetterGuidelines.pdf\] Some of the steps proposed ampx200B Identification of facilities/buildings that can be used as quarantine centres or can be converted to temporary hospitals with isolation facilities Ensure sanitation of seats handles amp bars of all public transport vehicles Display of public health messages on public transport vehicles Facilitate mobilization of SelfHelp GroupsSHGs to create awareness Resources ampx200B [WHO FAQs]https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses [WHO Situation Reports]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/situationreports/ [WHO Myth Busters]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/mythbusters. How it feels like to have Coronavirus see video please listen carefully. Stocking up on immunity: We are stocking up on a lot of things. But the one thing we really need to stock up on body immunity. Once the pandemic strikes in India and have no doubt it definitely will our immunity is the only thing that can save us. So humble request to all bhratas and bhaginis nibbas and nibbis maintain a healthy diet. Do not eat rich food. Do not ask your moms to make fried snacks etc which take a toll on the body for digestion. Spend your immunity like the baniya spends money... Save more be healthy. We are all going to die. Coronavirus Updates Live News Highest singleday jump for India on Friday: [removed]. We have a lot of these people lately in our world This message should reach everyone. Coronavirus Lack of clarity left Indians stranded abroad. Coronavirus beats common sense The mystery of more viral spread of disease in western nations like Italy and France compared to developing nations like India and Bangladesh. How to disinfectant delivered items for COVID19. Your thoughts. WHO Young people are not invincible. What you are planning / will do on Lockdown Sunday: [removed]. After Approval for Covid19 Testing Private Companies to Sell Kits in a Month For As Low As Rs 500. Tamil Nadu Govt closes borders with neighbouring states Kerala Karnatak and Andra .. We fucked up last night.: I live about the 3 hours from Pune. My wife works there. MH government has imposed a shutdown until the 31st of this month. Now Im fortunate enough to have my own car so I drove down to pick her up. On my way there and back I saw crazy numbers of people in groups along the road waiting for buses. These fuckers didnt shut down public transport at all. Just the number of people huddled in buses or autos or cargo vans gave me chills. If it wasnt stage 3 by yesterday I would be surprised if last night was all that was required. Brace yourselves people.. Modis coronavirus speech Straight out of the digital marketers playbook. Why What do you guys think about her action . Religion will be the end of us. While the government isnt testing and airlines are playing it down Spicejet Uber is spreading the correct message even at the risk to their business. Respect where its due.. Coronavirus Pandemic Mumbai Metros. Do what you can do to stop corona.. An doctor from Jaipur Please read india.: [removed]. In the midst of Coronavirus breakout we are a team of volunteers gathering all the positive news and developments regarding the COVID19 virus around the web and posting it on Twitter in an effort to not let positive news get buried or go unnoticed. Please support us TheWellWishers. The BJP IT cell is spreading these fake news Translation because corona virus can survive for 12 hours observing a strike aka Janata Carfew will kill this virus and India will be corona free.. Anybody going through existential crisis and depression with corona scare: Im generally an individual with high anxiety. Corona crisis had completely pushed me over the edge. I havent been able to sleep for three days and postapocalyptic scenarios keep running through my head. Anybody else going through something similar Im not really afraid of the virus but the breakdown of society and its systems. Structure is very important to me to keep my anxiety grounded. Right now Im overly alert like flight/fight response dont know whats going to happen everyday comes with worse news and Im aching for a ray of hope.. Dont screw this up.. Super depressed about coronavirus: Im super depressed about lack of empathy from world leadership. The UKS herd immunity idea has sent me into an abyss I cant come out of. Indias strategy is bound to fail and the cases are sadly set to rise exponentially. Please give me a ray of hope. I dont have anyone else other than me and this country to be worried about and I feel shit I cant do anything to help this upcoming situation.. Irrespective of what the government says I feel everyone should know how many people are truly infected. Irrespective of the Government not testing enough I think everyone should understand this. Go Corona. Indian students stranded in Britain desperate to get back to India. The Story of a Coronavirus Infection. WARNING Not for the one with faint heart but surely for those who think this is just a normal virus which shouldnt be taken seriously. DONT IGNORE THE WARNING I REPEAT. Check out my video on Misinformation on the coronavirus and credible information sources. Go corona. Telangana Man Defies Home Quarantine To Wed Over 1000 Guests Attend. Found this on r/funny. Disaster Response Force sprays disinfectant along Road 1 in Banjara Hills in Hyderabad. coronavirus. Singapore reports two cases as imported from India on 20 March: On 20 March Singapore confirmed 40 new cases of which 2 had travel history to India. Heres a link to the summary of their confirmed cases [https//www.moh.gov.sg/docs/librariesprovider5/pressroom/pressreleases/annex\mohpressreleasesevenmorecasesdischarged40newcasesofcovid19infectionconfirmed20mar2020.pdf]https//www.moh.gov.sg/docs/librariesprovider5/pressroom/pressreleases/annexmohpressreleasesevenmorecasesdischarged40newcasesofcovid19infectionconfirmed20mar2020.pdf Does anyone know in such cases if any measures are taken to identify the contacts of the person in India Or to establish a link to known cases in India. Lets get together for this shit and ACT.: [removed]. SpiceJet spreading Fake News. Thankfully I have Gaumutra. Italy calls in military to enforce lockdown as 627 people die in 24 hours. Airport styles to copy from India: [removed]. I sincerely hope the Modi government and and its supporters take full responsibility for the way COVID19 pandemic pans out in India in the coming weeks.: If they say citizens didnt do their part Ill be pissed. 1. There are 1.339 billion Indians and expecting EVERYBODY to be act rationally and be aware in a country where the illiteracy rate is 26 and 175 million people live on less than 2/day is plainly insane and not acceptable. 2. There are good precedents of South Korea Taiwan HongKong and Singapore on best practices to contain the Pandemic and if we cant learn from those and lose more lives than needed its preposterous.. Central government has approached Supreme Court challenging Kerala High Courts yesterdays order directing banks financial institutions income tax dept amp GST authorities to defer recovery proceedings or coercive measures till April 6 in the state in the light of coronavirus. Whats your opinion on Modijis 5 min applause request : Now I may not be as intellectual as some of the cow urine sipping godmen and politicians but doesnt Modijis 5 min gratitude exercise increase the risk of contacting the coronavirus Since a lot of people will be standing outside their homes and balconies I believe that there is a risk that a probably infected person may transmit the virus through their breath amongst his/her neighbours during the said activity . Not to mention that well be breaking the self quarantine and social distancing rules put forward by various health organisations whilst doing this .. How can you help fight the pandemic: Hello alive mortals couple of things. Please go through this. We need help. The amount of bullshit about corona epidemic floating around on the internet is astounding. We need to counter that. So we were thinking that we could ask the community for help. To begin with it would be lovely if some of you could volunteer to translate informative videos on corona so that they can be shared via more popular media of communication WhatsApp Twitter and such We found two excellent videos on this topic. https//www.youtube.com/watchvBtNgoy9VOY This video by Kurzgesagt already has closed caption in Hindi and Malayalam. Would help if we could add more. https//www.youtube.com/watchvLKVUarhtvE This video by Vox has no translation at all. As a token of gratitude we would offer some small reward for those who help with translation. We dont know what reward yet. We will figure something out. Do you have a CPU/GPU sitting at home not doing anything If yes and you are willing to let it work for drug discovery please check out foldinghome. The following text is from /r/pcmasterrace gt Join us and donate your unused GPU and CPU computing power to fight against Coronavirus and several other illnesses like Cancer Parkinsons etc. To download [CLICK HERE]https//foldingathome.org/startfolding/. To learn more about the project or if you need more instructions on how to run it check out https//pcmasterrace.org/folding. You can help /u/lilhuman0 with a crowdsourced handbook of India specific data and resources related to COVID19. Details here https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/fjhhjv/ If you have any other suggestions ways in which we can help fight the pandemic let us know. We are listening.. Savdhan rahein satark rahein surakshit rahein. Opinion Trump Boris Merkel Macron and other world leaders are holding press conference everyday about Covid19 and taking questions from reporters. Modiji should also do that.: All the eminent world leaders are holding daily press conferences and taking questions from reporters without fear. This helps nation keep track of how the government is managing the crisis. Our PM should also do the same. He likes to be the face of the campaign party government schemes etc. Well now is his turn to do just that Millions of people follow him religiously so his say will have a greater impact on the country. He should hold daily press conferences and take questions from unbiased reporters like Ravish Kumar. This way we will know the daily situation of Coronavirus in India. He needs to show leadership here.. saw these foreigners near my apartment today. its been an honor guys. o7. I made a thing. Corona has proven that Indias bigger problem is not illiteracy its stupidity of literate people.: Post lockdown announcement people running to homes ignoring the possibility of them being the carrier is just ridiculous. Theres no existential crises and its not vacation for gods sake. But nah We gonna have a family reunion. On clapping for 5 minutes and other matters.: If you want to thank doctors no need to clap on the evening of 22nd. Instead start practicing self isolation NOW. Not for 14 hours but as long as possible. Were under reacting and are blissfully oblivious to the consequences of Corona virus starting community transmission in India a country where more than 150 million people dont even have acces to clean water. We dont have the machinery to even test a significant portion of population leave alone treat. Or the required amount of doctors to do the needful even if we had the equipment. The time to act is now. Sincerely a guy who shares a flat with 2 doctors a building with 10 others and 20 residents and a society with innumerable medical personnel. If even one or two of them get infected my immune system wont be able to handle such a bruh moment. Keep in mind that doctors are not just at risk theyre also super spreaders. If you dont value your life do it for the people who bust their ass studying for 10 years only to be coughed in the face by boomers everyday.. Odisha doctor goes on COVID19 duty despite losing her mother.. Indias public health spending is one of the lowest in the world. Neighbours Sri Lanka 1.68 Indonesia 1.40 Nepal 1.17 and Myanmar 1.02 are spending more. Despite that many center funded hospitals had their budgets cut in Feb this year. AIIMS received 0.1 hike lower than inflation.: Any pandemic would be very difficult for India to tackle because of poorly funded health infrastructure. In 201718 funding was 1.28 of the GDP. A year before it was 0.93 of the GDP was above only Bangladesh at 0.42. I quote from Novemeber 2019 article gt [Indias public expenditure on health less than Lower Income Countries Government data]https//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2019/nov/01/indiaspublicexpenditureonhealthlessthanlowerincomecountriesgovernmentdata2055553.html gt Indias public expenditure on health as percentage of the GDP is far lower than countries classified as the poorest in the world the Union Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has conceded. gt In the National Health Profile 2019 released on Wednesday a detailed account of socioeconomic status disease burden health finance health infrastructure and human resources in the sector the government admitted that in 2016 its public spending on health was just 1.17 per cent of the GDP. In comparison nations classified as Lower Income Countries by the World Bank spent 1.57 per cent of their GDP on health that year. gt Indias public expenditure on health now stands at 1.28 per cent of the GDP but even then it is way lower than the average expenditure by countries clubbed as among the poorest. More embarrassingly the countrys public health expenditure is lower when compared with other SouthEast Asian countries like Nepal Sri Lanka Bhutan Indonesia Thailand and the tiny island country of TimorLeste. Despite the warning signs in January with first Coronavirus cases this year in February itself almost all hospitals funded by the Centre including the AIIMS Delhi JIPMER Pondicherry and PGI Chandigarh had their funding either slashed or not raised to even cover inflation 202021 budget. Just to compare India has 8 doctors per ten thousand people. Italy has 41. Sources gt https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/indiaspublichealthspendinglaggingbehind/story6YPZFSfWMVlHGipDXyUEFO.html gt https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/tophospitalsbudgetscutaiimsgetsjust01hike/articleshow/74018843.cms. Corona Virus Explained How it Spreads Precautions. Is india moving towards 3rd phase of coronavirus: [removed]. Is the condition going to worsen: My parents are thinking to go to our village near bhopal because they are skeptical that the situation is going to worsen in delhi. There in bhopal we have good amount of resources available and will be not a problem if there arises scarcity of it. We are too confused whether we should be going to the village or will it be good to stay in delhi only Any suggestions. [Shower Thought][Coronavirus] Citizen are dumb government did everything they could: [removed]. Covid19 UP health minister in quarantine after going to party attended by Kanika Kapoor. All this time at home KUCH toh karna hi tha. Please guys stay at home for your and others life. Dont go out on sunday unless its an emergency. The image is just a meme.... Earth Hour Help me make this viral: Earth hour is held annually encouraging individuals communities and businesses to turn off nonessential electric lights for one hour from 830 to 930 p.m. on a specific day towards the end of March as a symbol of commitment to the planet. Recently with the social distancing that the government is urging us to practice I think turning off all lights for 1 hour will be a good way to encourage it and make people stay at home. And plus with no light pollution we may just be able to see the clear night sky atleast in cities like Mumbai where barely any stars are visible. The only way this can become a reality is if it becomes viral.. India has really absurd criteria for testing. Low testing low numbers.: Dr Bhaskar Khaire dean of the hospital said the doctors condition has deteriorated in last few hours due to delay in treatment. We have conducted blood tests. Since he has no travel history a coronavirus test is not required. We are waiting for reports. He remains serious and requires ventilator support. Currently the government is only testing a person with travel history abroad and with symptoms or close contacts of COVID19 patients [Doctor turned away by 4 hospitals over virus fears now on ventilator ]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/coronavirusdoctorturnedawayby4hospitalsovervirusfearsnowonventilator6322934/. Medical students are being fast tracked into doctors in other countries. What are the chances of that happening here in India: [removed]. Medical students are being fast tracked into doctors. What are the chances of that happening here in India: [removed]. Medical students are being fast tracked into doctors in Italy and UK. What are the chances of that happening here in India: [removed]. Covid19 case in Ranibagh Delhi. See the people around all want to be patient31. So much ignorance towards the pandemic.. Ill just leave this here.. Telangana Man Defies Home Quarantine To Wed Over 1000 Guests Attend: Coronavirus India The Telangana groom has been sent back to quarantine and the reception has been cancelled. ampx200B [https//www.ndtv.com/telangananews/coronavirustelanganamanbreakshomequarantinetowedover1000guestsattend2197964]https//www.ndtv.com/telangananews/coronavirustelanganamanbreakshomequarantinetowedover1000guestsattend2197964. Corona is on the door and India is still talking about Shaheen Bagh. COVID19 Bars in Bengaluru to close restaurants to offer only takeout service. Kanika kappor. They did not even do a coronavirus test despite all the symptoms.. Ola temporary suspends share rides. And I end up forgetting why I had called in the first place. Is it a right time to shift Andaman and nicobar islands: In light of covid19 only these islands are successfully in reporting zero cases. So Im wondering can I shift to the island for couple of months until the situation cools down. Money is not a problem. Just need to know the process. These irresponsible people. No passenger trains to run between 12 a.m and 10 p.m. on March 22 Janta Curfew day. Le Indians. Im really scared. My throat feels sore.: I coughed a bit and im getting really scared i might have it. Can anyone tell me what to do i am very scared and confused. I am 18 and male. Please please please advise.. For everyone who actually believes India has only around 200 cases. Breaking News No passenger trains to run for a day from Saturday midnight says Railways. Trains already running wont stop. Can coronavirus spread through your smartphone How to properly disinfect your smartphone and why it matters. Corona Effect. Beyond speech Modi must open govt purse for poorer Indians businesses affected by COVID19. Coronavirus Why is India testing so little. Thats how you deal with isolation.. Can India do this We have largest number of techies in world . Can someone develop such type of app. Its her choice. The Coronavirus Explained amp What You Should Do by Kurzgesagt. Prime Ministers Address ti the Nation on Combating covid19. Foreign returns all test positive. Is it not the community based in other counties.: Every body from abroad seems to be testing positive for corona. If so it must have been so rampant there. Is it even possible to stop it now Its going to be Constantly somewhere. Only finding a cure will solve it. Status by someone I know I really have no hope in Indians anymore. Status by someone I know I really have no hope in Indians anymore. The government continues to insist India is not seeing community transmission but for several cases it has not released information on how the patients got infected.. It took 3 months to reach 100000 cases... 12 days to next 100000 and just 34 days for next 50000 cases. I am really worried about India: India is doing its level best to restrict community spread but future seems bleak. Ways to deal with coronavirus anxiety: [removed]. Why arent Flight cancellations by passengers being promoted by airlines right now: Two weeks I had booked flight tickets to Cochin and back from Bangalore for the coming weekend from MakeMyTrip. Considering the Corona situation I have decided to not proceed with the travel plans. The flight to Cochin has been cancelled by the airlines GoAir itself but the return flight Indigo is refusing to give free cancellation and I am being charged nearly Rs. 7000/ for tickets worth 7500/. I still have the necessity to travel but now I have to pay 7 K just because I dont want to help spread corona plus it is impossible to get a hold of the customer care to get any clarity on the situation. is anybody else facing the same situation any advice on what to do. FIT WebQoof Will 14 Hr Janta Curfew Make India COVID19 Safe. [Coronavirus] Madras HC asks Government to ensure shelter food for the shelterless and poor workers during Sundays Janta curfew. A community level engagement to detect covid clusters before it gets worse: [removed]. Maybe: [removed]. Kerala leads as a example in Social Distancing: [removed]. Is anybody else getting this alert. Sunday ko sharp 5 baje gaaliya bajaane se corona bhaag jaayega. Coronavirus Vasundhara Rajes son goes to Kanika Kapoors party. Then attends Parliament. On science of Covid19 drugs threat to diabetics amp whys it killing more Italians than Chinese. Politics erupt over PM Narendra Modis appeal for Janata Curfew.. All work and no money: Due to the Coronavirus outreak my company has asked its employees to work from home. We work on digital channels so we are easily able to work on our laptops from home. The problem is the company claimed that they have lost all business and said they can only give all employees half the salary for March and April at least even though we had worked from office for half the month of March. Now is it fair for them to make us work full day having claimed that there is no business in the first place Is this situation the same with everyone now that even the PM has advised employers not to cut salaries. Any way to report offices in Delhi that dont allow WFH despite orders Details in post.: My friend works at an architecture firm and they havent gotten any offs or WFH. Whats more they are being called on Saturdays because of the work load. After yesterdays address by the PM their boss gave a motivational talk to everyone to be safe and avoid public transportation. Urged everyone to wash their hands and use hand sanitizer and stuff. No mentions of any leaves. After gauging their reaction went on to say something even more obnoxious. He says try and stay away from Shaheen Bagh and Muslims because they are untidy and are potential carriers of the virus What the actual fuck Is there anyway to report this asshole. A forward I received on WhatsApp. I laughed so hard I came: Not allowed to share images from whatsapp so Im copypasting the message itself. 22nd March is Amavasya darkest day in a month. All virus bacteria and evil forces have maximum potential and power on such days. 5 PM clapping shankh nada etc by 130 crore people at the same time will create so much vibrations that virus will lose all potency. Must for everyone.. Why Why does the central govt do this. COVID19 As Govt Denies Community Transmission Experts Say Too Few Tested To Know. COVID19 growth rate of cases in India .. If anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades its most likely to be a highly infectious virus rather than a war. Were not ready for the next epidemic. Bill Gates in 2015. Coronavirus India locks down Kashmir on Covid19 fears. High on talk low on substance Modis speech showed India is illprepared for COVID. Kanika Kapoor after testing coronavirus positive hiding travel history Urge you to get tested if you have the signs. Coronavirus Awareness Session Detail interview of Dr. Taha from Ghurki Hospital. The Coronavirus explained amp what you should do.. Be Positive On Corona: [removed]. CM Uddhav Thackeray Shops commercial establishments offices except essential shops to remain closed till March 31 no train bus shutdown. Baby doll singer Kanika Kapoor tests positive for the COVID 19 Infection. Hides her travel history after landing in Lucknow on 15 March from UK and attended a party of over 100 people.. Mumbai Pune Nagpur shuts down in wake of COVID 19. Booked flight tickets to go on a vacation next month unable to receive a response from airline. Looking to discuss with other people to figure out how to proceed in a more organized manner.: So I booked tickets for second week of April to travel to Sri Lanka on GoAir and have been trying to contact them to try and understand how to proceed regarding my tickets cancellation process for over two weeks now to no avail. None of their customer service numbers are available assuming this is because people are not working at the bpo currently. Further when I visit their Instagram page they have been actively posting pictures endorsing travel on flights claiming that the cabin air is completely safe etc. Just to get a better perspective how does this appear to pan out I mean if other countries have restricted people to their houses and were encouraging air travel I can see this going downhill alarmingly quick. Ive been speaking to other people and have heard that flights are functioning normally without separating passengers giving some distance between maybe one seat. Also to get more information Ive heard airline service professionals are taking pay cuts in order to recover from this situation how far is this true and can anyone verify Currently Im in a very frustrated state of mind and considering agitating a group of angry people who want a refund to band together and DDoS their websites so that they arent able to provide services anymore until the company spokesperson responsibly responds to concerns everyone has been posting right on the comments of their Instagram posts. . Maharashtra government orders all workplaces in Mumbai Pune to shut till March 31. Kanika kapoor. KARTIK AARYAN Appeals To fan about CORONA Virus COVID19 In his Style .... Pyaar ka panchnama Style ... be safe. Over 160 students returning from Bangladesh refuse to go isolation amid COVID19 outbreak. Janata Curfew against corona virus in INDIA by respected PM.modi sir. China lied People died.. Coronavirus challenge underscores the necessity for action in absence of crisis. All shops establishments shut in Mumbai Pune Nagpur says Maha CM. [Visible Clean Air]. Why kainka why: [why Kanika why]https//www.pinkvilla.com/entertainment/news/babydollsingerkanikakapoorinfectedcoronavirusrumourssuggestlondonreturnhidbathroom516773 She hid in a bathroom His her medical status She attended a party with 100 people Wow.. Need help. My friend a NZ citizen is stuck here in India as flights are getting cancelled due to the pandemic. His visa expires in 5 days . What can he do : [removed]. Stay safe everyone.. A look at Indian government response to coronavirus so far shows some quick reactions but not enough foresight. Check out r/chodi for more.. Coronavirus live updates India has reported fifth death and 206 cases Italys death toll overtakes China as virus spreads. Check out r/chodi for more. This Indian doctor came up with this ingenious way to make masks affordable for everyone. Corona testing: A week a ago a idiot with his mask down on his neck coughed right in my face and now I have minor pain in my knee I am a runner so leg pain is normal for me but due to the current situation I am worried that I may be sick with covid19 and have infected my loved ones. Is there some place I can get tested because I know the government wont do shit. View Step back strategise build Covid19 may be the black swan of 2020s.. Looks like the Superiority Virus has started spreading alongside Corona. Is there a way to get a Coronavirus test privately: As you might be aware the government is refusing to test people who have no travel history or werent in contact with confirmed corona positives. My question is for someone who wants to test himself is it possible to get a coronavirus test positively Im located in a city in UP. My situation is that I had to travel in Delhi metro and then a train from New Delhi station after the university asked us to vacate hostels. I left my luggage out in the open took a shower then used an alcohol based solution to sanitise my luggage. I left my clothing in the open for 3 days then washed it in warm water and lots of detergent. I am still concerned about having acquired the virus. I have shown no symptoms and it is the fourth day but I think I should get a test done. The government wont test me so I must turn to the private sector Is there a place where I can get tested I am willing to pay the 5000 rupees.. Covid 19 CORONA Prevention is Better than Cure. Severity of COVID19 in India according to Health Ministry OC Please Read Description In Comments. BBC Hindi Cartoon A homeless man asks What is work from home reading from a newspaper... translation in comments. Finally no.of tests might be increasing. Janata Curfew. I have created a website to keep track of coronavirus in India: [removed]. Right way to wash your hands. Have you educated your domestic help on corona virus and its severity: What precautions have folks taken. Still have help here which visits multiple households. Not sure if they are / can even take care.. Modi explained what we must do about coronavirus. Now he should say what government is doing for us. Just got called by the Health Ministry asking if I had any symptoms I recently flew back to India from college in the US. Are they doing this for everyone or should I be worried: [removed]. Corona Time. In these times maybe we need to think about the salary that we pay to our nurses.: [removed]. How does COVID 19 affect the body safety for corronavirus corrona virus coronavirus effect. Healthcare workers of India If you are willing to volunteer for the efforts against COVID 19 please use the link below and contact your state surveillance officer. Mention your qualifications and areas of volunteering:  [http//www.niv.co.in/Contact\details\of\State\Surveillance\officers.pdf]http//www.niv.co.in/ContactdetailsofStateSurveillanceofficers.pdf. If you really feel the urge to milk something kindly go find a cow.. Petition to shout Go Karona on 22nd March at 5 p.m: All Indians should clap and then shout GO KARONA at precisely 5 p.m on the 22nd of March 2020. This will make Karona go. Jai Hind lol. Coronavirus outbreak LIVE Updates. Citicorp India forcing 70 of employees to work from office [Unfair][Community Risk][Whistleblower]: [removed]. Coronavirus India news India cases rise to 173 4 deaths so far coronavirus updates. CORONAVIRUS HOAX: [removed]. Corona showed us the truth of life.. Are International Flights Still Leaving from DEL: I have family in India right now and their international flight is leaving on the 24th. Air China. DEL to TPE then TPE to YVR. Does anyone know if flights are still leaving I know they announced that no flights are coming in. Should they get into Delhi ASAP and wait at a hotel See if they can find an earlier flight If anyone has any information or can point me in the right direction please help. Thank you.. WHO service activated on Whatsapp: [removed]. Look at Italy thats why we have to take the next 15 days very seriously.. Guys What Did You All Think About Prime Minister Narendra Modis Speech Last Night: So what i felt was he rightly said that Covid19 is more dangerous than WWII. Given the rate of transmission and the fact that the whole world has been affected Mr. Modi stressed on the need for social distancing. Most responsible Indians have stopped socializing completely a few responsible restaurants and bars have downed shutters till 31st March and quite a few companies have allowed employees to work from home. Read more... [https//in.askmen.com/news1/1125659/article/primeministernarendramodiaddressesthenationaboutthecoronavirusoutbreakandimposesjanata]https//in.askmen.com/news1/1125659/article/primeministernarendramodiaddressesthenationaboutthecoronavirusoutbreakandimposesjanata. WATCH Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare Ashwini Kumar Choubey People should spend at least 15 minutes in the sun. The sunlight provides Vitamin D improves immunity and also kills such Coronavirus viruses.. Dont worry corona we are ready. Indias response to virus has been comprehensive amp robust WHOs representative. How do we do contact tracing in India: I have come across numerous articles that say that [contact tracing]https//www.courant.com/coronavirus/hcnewsconnecticutcoronaviruspatientcontacttracing20200313y25kp5i76nay3jc2e6uv4yldvmstory.html can be very beneficial in containing the virus. I guess most developed countries are too far along for this to matter for them. Israel recently [passed a bill]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/world/middleeast/israelcoronaviruscellphonetracking.html to log movement of their people in order to trace problematic areas. I could imagine a mobile phone app that via bluetooth GPS or NFC logs everyone that a person came in contact with. Obviously there are privacy concerns but hear this out 1. It logs contact locally on the device in an encrypted manner. 2. As soon as a person discovers they have the virus they can direct the app to send a message to everyone they were in contact with. 3. These people thus notified can choose to then notify the Health Ministry and quarantine themselves voluntarily or otherwise. 4. The government could also focus on enforcing quarantine in areas where a lot of these positive cases are popping up and find hotspots. The main challenges are to make the mobile based proximity sensing accurate and ensuring privacy and security. Any more ideas. In this trying time lets try to be a little less nationalist/political/racist and a bit more human.: I had a shocking interaction this morning. A bunch of us various nationalities were sitting around discussing the news and one of my fellow indian girls was telling us about a video she saw. A young Pakistani student in China had posted it saying that air India had evacuated the Indian students in his Chinese university and that no one was coming for him. There was apparently an overwhelming amount of support from fellow students asking air India to evacuate all students irrespective of race. I mentioned that the one good thing that could come out of this virus would be a true and total support for fellowmen. And the girl said Pakistan isnt equipped to deal with this virus. They arent equipped to deal with a viral fever. They could all die.. and it would be a good thing if they were all wiped out. I have never felt more shocked. Irrespective of historical politics between our nations hoping for an entire country to die out is horrible. This is a global pandemic and the best time to set aside all our biases and support everyone. Everyone has loved ones who were worried about. We are all susceptible to the virus just as much as every other race. Lets put aside religion and take care of each other. Im probably going to get some hateful comments about this post anyway. But I dont care. This is me imploring that we all stand together at a social distance no touchy and try to keep ourselves and our neighbors safe. Thanks for coming to my TED talk. Central Government has failed to even approve COVID19 diagnostic kits. Complete failure of governance during pandemic: This govt suggest gaumutr cures for COVID while simultaneously failing to provide clearances for test kits so that more people can get tested. This is abject failure of policy. While the US Food and Drug Administration gave clearance for diagnostic tests for Covid19 within 24 hours of application by two companies [in India a handful of companies looking to get their tests validated have been waiting for a month]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/companieswaitweeksforcoronavirustestvalidation/articleshow/74701811.cms or more in some cases. It seems the govt is clueless about even providing testing kits clearances. How can you expect such a clueless government to provide the best response for a fast spreading pandemic When people keep drinking gaumutr and voting for ram mandir and statues a clueless government is what you will get. Almost every major country has announced billions of rescue packages. Trump has even publicly identified industries like aviation tourism etc which have been hit hard and the US govt will publicly aid the companies in these sectors. Indian govt meanwhile has said [No adverse impact on economy due to COVID19]https//www.deccanherald.com/national/nationalpolitics/noadverseimpactoneconomyduetocovid19anuragthakur814890.html. Indian businesses ranging from airlines to travel tourism malls daily groceries have all been affected yet not a word has been said about helping the affected industries. Chaddies do not have intelligence and thus cannot be expected to vote wisely. That is why chaddies were ruled with an iron hand by kings throughout history even chaddis wet dream kingdom of ram rajya was autocratic dictatorship and not a democracy. Now chaddi clad sanghie bhaktas are exhibiting their clueless in exercising their franchise resulting in great damage to India as a whole.. Nirbhaya Convicts finally hanged but a lot of people have gathered . This might put them in risk of getting the virus ...: [removed]. Let us Wait and Watch out carefully.: [removed]. Let us Wait and Watch out for casualties.: [removed]. What kind of chutiya shit is this. Rich people and NRIs are responsible for Covid spread in India: With their foreign trips for business and vacations getting contaminated and air travelling it back to India and now poor people with poor healthcare access will suffer. WHO service activated on Whatsapp: [removed]. WHO service activated on Whatsapp. Coronavirus Man Beaten Up For Sneezing In Public In Maharashtra. Go Corona Go. Does the govt has any plan after March 31st Or this shutdown going to be for months : [removed]. COVID19 related Prediction by Bill Gates in 2015: YouTube recommendation algorithm in action today The next outbreak Were not ready Bill Gates [https//www.youtube.com/watchv6Af6b\wyiwI]https//www.youtube.com/watchv6Af6bwyiwI. Corona Virus: [removed]. Coronavirus latest trends. India fights back Coronavirus by opening more quarantine facilities and examining 26k Indians returned from Gulf. Indians against CoronavirusCrowdfunding ideas for solutions to fight better against coronavirus: [removed]. India Could Be Next Coronavirus Hotspot in Worst Case up to 60 Could Be Infected. Responsible drinking has a new meaning. Malayalis queuing up to buy alcohol. COVID2019india Kerala. Covid19 emergency response team given to tayiji: Covid 19 emergency response team has been handed over to the finance ministry Laude lag gaye . Wipro manager in India forces woman to come to office for work during Coronavirus. Covid19 suspect Indian from Australia committed suicide in Delhi India. Covid19: [removed]. Indians against Coronavirus trying to crowdsource the solutions to this pandemic.: [removed]. Corona virus meme [OC]. PM Narendra Modi addresses Indians and announces Janta Curfew on 22nd March Amidst Indias fight with COVID19. Help us AHSEC Assam Higher Secondary Education Council. Companies wait weeks for coronavirus test validation. Help us AHSEC Assam Higher Secondary Education Council. India is in the second stage of coronavirus transmission what this means. Brut India posting fake antiSino propaganda: [removed]. Coronavirus Kerala police release handwashing dance. COVID19 information. The Man Who Saw the Pandemic Coming. The State of Uttar Pradesh in India to host one of the worlds biggest religious gathering despite being warned against it. More that 500k people are expected to attend the event that will last 9 days. Gokaruna. Karunago. Corona virus and India be like... People with COVID 19or recovered what are your early stage symptoms Did you noticed something unusual with you or your body And how to identify those early stage symptoms: [removed]. Narendra Modi speech Highlights of PM Modi address on coronavirus in India India News Times of India. Information related COVID 19 in Indore: [removed]. Randian cuckonavirus camp No facilities no humanity Pakistan news. Organiser of AntiCAA tests positive for Novel Corona Virus. May Allah be with him. He stood for novel cause he should be saved.. Bunty was always right part 2. AC local train services to be suspended in Mumbai: [https//thepandemicwatch.com/world/]https//thepandemicwatch.com/world/ \ Emerging Disease News Aggregator [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/railways/aclocaltrainservicestobesuspendedinmumbai/articleshow/74711469.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/railways/aclocaltrainservicestobesuspendedinmumbai/articleshow/74711469.cms. The coronavirus crisis is not going away anytime soon and it will change the way we live. PM Shri Narendra Modis address to the nation on COVID19 IndiaFightsCorona. Panic buying at our community in Hyderabad. PM Modi Speech Summary:  1. Do not be complacent about Covid19. Do not get swayed by numbers. Unless we are really careful it will go up. 2. I need the next few weeks of your time cooperation and discipline 3. Do not treat social distancing lightly. Please do not step out. Stepping out not only risks you you are also putting pressure on the system. There are people who need to be out so dont make it worse for them also 4. People over 65 at no cost to step out 5. On March 22 Sunday please follow a self imposed Janta curfew. Please do not step out of your house even to the common area of your society from 7am to 9pm 6. At 5 pm on that day pl clap from your windows and appreciate people who have been working relentlessly during tough times like medical care professionals services delivery etc 7. Do not hoard we will ensure necessities are in place 8. Do not cut salaries of people missing work 9. Do not worry about funding and economy for now. Lets first fight health crisis. We are setting up task forces to bring economy back in place economic response taskforce 10. Priority is now Corona fight. Humanity has to win. Nothing else.. How science guides religion in coronahit Kerala. No Foreign Flights. People spreading panic on social media for no reasons. This person is an acclaimed web series actress.. People spreading panic on social media for no reasons. This person is an acclaimed web series actress.. AgAr BaZaAr MeI dOoDh KhAtAm HoGaYa To.... PM Narendra Modi calls for Janta Curfew on March 22 from 7am 9pm. Prime minister of India Narendra Modi orders for public curfew.. Janata Curfew On Sunday From 7 am To 9 pm Says PM Modi. Food for thought. Modi addresses key points: \ 22nd march Janta Curfew \ dont leave house no social gathering \ Exempted for special services \ called agencies to spread awareness for curfew \ And say thanks to workers working during corona \ nothing else just say thank you to them that should be more than enough right \ stay the fuck out of hospital until absolutely necessary \ Economic Task Force \ Called Employers to take care of their employeesGovt aint gonna do that \ Dont Horde. Me and the boys defeating coronavirus 5pm during Janta Curfew. PM Modi Addresses Nation On Coronavirus Highlights from his speech.. CURFEW THIS SUNDAY Modi: [removed]. Are we going to ignore the fact that he just called 90 instead of 19.: [removed]. What the fuck has happened to Modi: [removed]. Curfew for a day on 22nd March.. Janta Curfew on 22nd March. PM Modi just announced a Civil Curfew for Sunday. Is it a sign of things to come in future: [removed]. Kerala doing the most Kerala thing possible. PM Modi live addressing COVID19 issue now: [removed]. Inside the Bengaluru hospitals where doctors and nurses fight COVID19 every day. From Kerala CMs Press Conference. gt Financial package of Rs 20000 crore. gt Free Ration to all for a month. gt 2 months pension to be given together. gt One month extension to pay water amp power bills. gt Health package of Rs 500 crore. gt Active COVID cases in the state is 25. Things are escalating in Hyderabad: My girlfriend stays in Hyderabad. Got a call from her today that in her society the administration is gearing up for lockdown. All delivery and courier personnel are banned effective today need to collect package from gate. For any kind of emergency maintenance they are bringing in stuff who will be screened but all other external personnel like Urbanclap etc are also not going to be allowed inside from tomorrow. Guests will be allowed of course but from 21st onwards no external non resident can enter the society. They are setting up temperature checking camps and talking to vendors for keeping enough stock of groceries inside from next week. They would ensure that unless needed no resident needs to step out no one else needs to step in. This is as close to a strict lockdown as Ive ever heard of. My question is wtf is going on The test results are not climbing fast as per government were not in phase 3 given their way we would never leave phase 2 it seems. No significant news has come up recently thats out of the ordinary for a phase 2 pandemic. So are things really that bad How long before the entire country is declared to be in phase 3 Im less worried of the flu than Im of the panicked population.. Over 250 Indians Test Positive For COVID19 in Iran Appeal Govt to Act Fast. Please stay at home. Damn you coronavirus.. Damn you coronavirus.. Governments press conference for Coronavirus update was ridiculous and a waste of time they refused to provide any concrete details: The government refused to provide the following details 1. Number of ICUs Beds and Ventilators in country 2. Number of private labs to be approved for Coronavirus testing 3. Travel history or State of the infected cases 4. Any future plans for thermal screening in trains/buses/metro 5. Any plans for government lockdown in future 6. No comments on comments made regarding Gaumutra Yoga etc They refused to provide any of the above data because since these numbers are constantly updating theres no point giving yesterdays data All they did was reiterate the same shit that what a great job they did and kept patting themselves on the back. Out of all the Coronavirus press conferences that I have seen from various countries this was the worst. They are keeping the public in blind and are claiming that theres no community transmission based on a mere sample of 826 people in a nation of 125 crore population. No international flights to land for a week Seniors kids below 10 advised to stay indoors. Drunk. Fourth death reported and India has sealed its borders for a week and hospitals have been asked to avoid nonurgent surgeries.: India reports its fourth coronavirus death Total numbers climb to 177 https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/indiareportsitsfourthcoronavirusdeathtotalnumbersclimbtonear170/articleshow/74712814.cms. Posted this on r/memes as well. A scary thought about Corona.: A group of people got infected with Corona. Now due to some issues that can be religious perception bad social behaviour towards these groups any personal reason.... started thinking that Now they can teach everyone a lesson and planning to mass spread this virus. This can be very scary situation in India.. Why cant Modi just come on TV instead of the stupid 24hour suspense: Why cant Modi just come on tv to address the nation on coronavirus instead of making it another PR exercise All this suspense just leads to unnecessary rumourmongering. From people saying that he will declare an emergency to lockdown people are out panic buying stuff in my area. Probably he will just ask us to be safe and trust that they are doing everything to control it. Why cant he just address the nation directly Dude sees everything as a PR exercise. [Help] Fellow Redditors I need help. My aunt is a school teacher in Panipat Haryana the state which recorded 3rd highest COVID cases. Although a lot of other schools have asked the teachers not to come to school and exams are postponed her school is still asking teachers to come to the school.: Although there are no students teachers are asked to come to check answer scripts of exams conducted earlier. Now I know there is no conclusive evidence of high risk for elders but there is a chance. Suggest me what to do. Thanks. Why Coronavirus Is Going To Hit Hard. Coronavirus No International Flights In India From March 22 For A Week. WhatsApp Walay Uncles Maaf Kardo Junaid Akram: One of the most sensible guys we have on our planet. Wish more people were like him. [https//www.youtube.com/watchvXYQ7Q1pcPwg]https//www.youtube.com/watchvXYQ7Q1pcPwg. No lockdown.. COVID 19 Dashboard India: [removed]. Appreciation to Maharashtra Government: Read the postscript if you feel that I am wrong at any line. Post Script is at the end I am neither related to any political party nor I want to support or say bad about any Political Party. This post is just to appreciate Maharashtra Government and to give reason for people in Maharashtra to support the Government to fight against Coronavirus. The steps that Maharashtra Government took to fight against Coronavirus may look drastic and unnecessary but I wish to say something about it. Many developed countries like USA Spain Italy etc. have taken these measures after the virus spread. In Maharashtra as of today morning according to news channels although there were 49 infected people 40 of them came from other countries and just 9 were the ones who were in contact with the affected. For a heavily populated country like India these numbers are almost unbelievable. If the government did not take such drastic measures these numbers would not have been so small. I agree that these measures disturb our schedule and many think that this is just a step by Medical Industries to increase income but WHO wouldnt have taken the steps during already going on recession. These numbers are better than many Developed countries. We have to appreciate Maharashtra Government for their hardwork and cooperate with them. If everyone cooperates with the Government then Government will surely loosen the restrictions and we will have less trouble. Dont overestimate your immune system and dont assume that you wont get infected. Just follow the instructions given out by the Health Minister. P.S. These are just my own thoughts. You can choose to ignore them if you disagree. Why people why. Tamil Nadus 2nd Coronavirus patient raises community transmission fears. According to scientific models there may be be atleast 2400 cases of CoViD19 in India. Stay safe everyone: I came across this gtif modelers assume a casefatality ratio of 1 percent and that it usually takes 15 days for an infected person to die then they know a death reported today in a specific region means that 100 people were likely infected there 15 days ago. Add in the time it takes cases to doubleEdmunds says it seems to take five daysthen modelers can estimate that over those 15 days the number of cases swelled to 800. So for every death in a region that means about 800 others are already infected most of whom will not have been identified. This pattern was verified in Italy Edmunds says which as of today has reported 12462 cases and 827 deaths. When officials tested people living near where someone had died from the disease in many cases they found hundreds of others were already carrying the virus. https//www.thescientist.com/newsopinion/modelersstruggletopredictthefutureofthecovid19pandemic67261 If this model is correct and if India is currently aware of all deaths then given the fact that we have 3 deaths it would follow that we have atleast 800x the number infections i.e 2400.. There are rumours floating around that the PM will announce a nationwide lockdown tonight.: My dad is in circles with some proximity to to the ruling dispensation. I have also heard that Mamata Bannerjee is spooked by the coronavirus coming to her doorstep. My dad ordered that we pay out the salaries for March today itself just in case a lockdown is announced tonight. He has heard from several of his associates including some with connections to the BJP and important buraucrats that a lockdown will happen. I personally am skeptical about the situation but who knows.. GOI Distributes Copies Of PM Modis Speeches To Those In Quarantine Due To COVID19. Shaheen Bagh protestors to defy coronavirus restrictions say it is Allahs call. Heres a very simple hand wash lyrics . Go Corona Go Corona chants Union Minister Ramdas Athawale as if to send the virus back from India. Punjab Village sealed after suspect tests positive for Covid19 posthumously.. By failing to scale up testing coronavirus India may have lost crucial time. We understand that government has limited test kits but why cannot we allow testing of elderlies over 50 : We know that Mortality rate is very high in elderlies. Early diagnosis and treatment will save many lives.. Should I stay put at home or travel back to my family in a different state during this Coronavirus outbreak in India: [removed]. Coronavirus Important announcement on Ram Navami mela likely today The Hindu. Current Situation at Various Tourist Destination in India Stay Safe Avoid Traveling: [removed]. Most Deadliest Virus On Planet. Work from home be like. Sit in the sun for 15 mins everyday to kill coronavirus Ashwini Kumar Choubey. Tech companies hiring during corna.: https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/u/0/d/1lwZ4ot10jwvQZgAhJ0AZJSX3V9HjVk2QLsAU4WMc/htmlviewgid0. The Coronavirus Song.. Duur Duur Se Translation in the comments. Perfect quarantine song.....go corona...corona goooo.. India is sitting on a biological time bomb: India is sitting on an absolute time bomb waiting to burst. The testing at India airports correctly started around the right time. But the the testing was Flawed. The incubation periods for the disease is around 514 days. Initially we did not have the quarantining of all passengers. There is very good possibility that a good chunk of people had the disease and passed through. Now even if 10 people passed through and I know reports of 4 people who have developed all the symptoms already the rate of spread given the social distancing we maintain is at least the average of 34 persons. Now the govt. is refusing to test even those with a travel history and showing symptoms if they had passed the testing on arrival let alone testing their whole cluster. Their testing algorithms is this 1Test persons with symptoms if he was not tested at airport before 2If positive NOW start screening the country of his travel history for on arrival testing/travel bans etc. 3 Here is the catch now once a country travelers start getting tested on arrivalthey are suspected only if they have symptoms which incubating people wont these people are the threats. If each and everyone of these didnt do perfect quarantining they are the patient31s here who have started the chains and we wont know because the govt. wont test these infected people again.They passed the test at airport yall. 4Lets say out of the thousands that have been tested at airports say 10s of them have escaped and assume some 20 guys happened to spread the infections to 20 others despite quarantine which is highly probable. Thats all By the time these are caught they will have spread it to 5x4\20 more. That means there are around 20x4 per person per day undetected cases spreading it on second chain of clustering. Now this becomes an exponential curve spreading until they get quarantined i.e five days later on an average when they show symptoms. That is new 500 in five days by these 20 second infections new cases a day for 5 days. And also those many new clusters every day I am assuming we are on the 23 stagei.e 500 new cases today and new clusters. When shall we know the true number of cases in India well when hospitalizations surge. That will happened as symptoms continue getting worse around 1520 days after infection. Only those 20 will cause 100 hospitalizations in a single day due to first 23 days infecting. So we are staring at around 12 lakh hospitalizations over a period of month due to these 20 cases now given now current scenarios. Yeah let that sink in. Let us therefore take utmost precautions. Coronavirus outbreak Documentry banned by Chinese Government. India locks down Kashmir region on coronavirus fears. Tough days stay home guys. Stay home every one. We are at work for you. Please stay home for us. Dont be selfish.. Attention Dr Santhosh Jacobs important message on coronavirus. Declaration of Emergency/imposition of section 144 throughout the country: I have been hearing rumours about the imposition of section 144 throughout the country today during an address by the PM in the evening and even saw the same being suggested by the news channel TV9 Telugu regional channel. In our current news atmosphere and our PMs penchant for taking drastic measures is this true How badly will it affect daily life What should we stock up on/do before the same I apologise if this comes across as arrogant or sensationalist. Our current news environment is not the most accurate or sensible.. Social distancing for the poor Near impossible write three doctors. Coronavirus After gyms shut down people in Nagpur gather on streets to exercise. I am in favour of Indias current handling strategy of Coronavirus. Hear me out: I am sure I am not going to be downvoted into oblivion for this. But I want to say this. Please stop panicking. The way India is dealing with the virus with only doing a few tests for only critical cases is a good strategy in my opinion. I am damn sure we are in Phase 3 right now. But hear me out. If India just ramps up testing and hundreds and thousands of cases come to light then there will be mass hysteria and chaos. India cannot deal with thousands of sick patients at once. Also around 90 of the cases are mild and it is our elders who are at more risk. If every 2040yearold guys flock to the hospital with just mild symptoms and want to get treated that means the elderly will have fewer chances to get treated. Instead just isolate yourself at home and not infect everyone around you. If the symptoms get worse after a week then you can visit the hospital or call the helpline. Most of the cases are mild and because of the panic created by everyone many people think they are gonna die the moment they get infected. You are more likely not to die. So just with mild symptoms it does not make any sense to just flock the hospitals. There are many other critically ill patients who need treatment before all us healthy young folks. Imagine going to the hospital with you 6065yearold dad who has symptoms and finding the hospital is full of young adults with mild symptoms which will most likely go away if they get selfisolated rather than spreading it around walking everywhere. India cannot afford such chaos. All we can do is only do a few tests for most vulnerable people and let the health care catch up with the number of critically ill cases and let all the mild cases of younger people self isolate. I really think this is the best strategy for a country like India. If we just ramp up tests and find thousands of cases at once I think we will have people dying of other issues in the chaos than Coronavirus.. Attention Dr Santhosh Jacobs important message on coronavirus: I am sure I am not going to be downvoted into oblivion for this. But I want to say this. Please stop panicking. The way India is dealing with the virus with only doing a few tests for only critical cases is a good strategy in my opinion. I am damn sure we are in Phase 3 right now. But hear me out. If India just ramps up testing and hundreds and thousands of cases come to light then there will be mass hysteria and chaos. India cannot deal with thousands of sick patients at once. Also around 90 of the cases are mild and it is our elders who are at more risk. If every 2040yearold guys flock to the hospital with just mild symptoms and want to get treated that means the elderly will have fewer chances to get treated. Instead just isolate yourself at home and not infect everyone around you. If the symptoms get worse after a week then you can visit the hospital or call the helpline. Most of the cases are mild and because of the panic created by everyone many people think they are gonna die the moment they get infected. You are more likely not to die. So just with mild symptoms it does not make any sense to just flock the hospitals. There are many other critically ill patients who need treatment before all us healthy young folks. Imagine going to the hospital with you 6065yearold dad who has symptoms and finding the hospital is full of young adults with mild symptoms which will most likely go away if they get selfisolated rather than spreading it around walking everywhere. India cannot afford such chaos. All we can do is only do a few tests for most vulnerable people and let the health care catch up with the number of critically ill cases and let all the mild cases of younger people self isolate. I really think this is the best strategy for a country like India. If we just ramp up tests and find thousands of cases at once I think we will have people dying of other issues in the chaos than Coronavirus.. Let us follow the Gods... Sketch by my friend Rohit. Let us follow the Gods.... Indian express Interview with WHOs representative Dr Henk Bekedam:  Q How has India fared on its COVID19 response so far Massive efforts are being made towards containing the spread including strengthening surveillance laboratory capacity contact tracing and isolation. gt India does need to step up testing and it is on that path. What is important is that since midFebruary India has included testing for patients having severe acute respiratory illness from the surveillance system these are people who have no travel or contact history. Some results have already come out negative other results will be out by end of the week. There are two things ampx200B gtone is increasing capacity the other is increasing scope. I understand that India is already considering increasing the scope to include testing of atypical pneumonia patients. This was one of the lessons from SARS 2003. On the issue of capacity the government is already expanding capacity substantially. There are also several tests on the commercial side which I understand ICMR is now evaluating. Once they are validated there will be an increased role for the private sector in testing. Q Between lockdown and testing which is the more effective way of controlling spread of infection We still hope that India is in the early part of responding to an infectious disease and has the advantage of learning from the world We also welcome the governments call for gtsocial distancing as a preventive strategy. Effective implementation of this strategy will go a long way in controlling the spread of the virus along with handhygiene coughing and sneezing etiquette. We hope these steps will result in flattening the curve. In China in all provinces outside Hubei they flattened the curve mainly by community intervention strategies like these. Even though 17 states/ UTs have confirmed cases containment strategy is the main approach. All states are implementing this strategy. ampx200B gtAlso what India has done very well is contact tracing and isolation. Thousands have been tracked isolated and tested when required. ampx200B Q Is there any move internationally to bring down testing costs or to make the test faster gtIt is a new virus so we need to develop tools diagnostics medicines and vaccines to fight it. South Korea has now reduced the testing time to 45 hours. The development of vaccines takes time. There are vaccines in the works in Australia the US and some other countries which will take at least another year before the public can use them. Now ICMR has isolated the virus. I am excited about India engaging in research on vaccines and better diagnostics. This includes serological testing which will be important to get a better idea about the outbreak. ampx200B gt It is important to understand that the throat swab procedure is risky if the PPE personal protective equipment is not done right. I lost a colleague in Vietnam during the SARS outbreak. Doctors need to be very careful while collecting swabs Q Globally is there an end in sight I am quoting my Director General ampx200B gtThis pandemic is one of the first pandemics that can be controlled. Singapore China and South Korea are good examples. I would end by saying lets all work together and do our bit to fight this new disease and flatten the curve. [https//indianexpress.com/article/india/drhenkbekedamwhosrepresentativeindiadoesneedtostepuptestingitisonthatpath6321132/]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/drhenkbekedamwhosrepresentativeindiadoesneedtostepuptestingitisonthatpath6321132/. Ahmedabad firm first in India to get licence to make Covid19 testing kits. ICMR has little basis to claim there is no community transmission of COVID19. Please forward WhatsApp messages only if you can back it up with a proper source not taken out of a context. Dont be this guy. Gurgaon after govt advisory to wfh. Will India Inc.s mandate to work from home work:  A March note by global research firm Gartner Inc. said that 54 of human resources HR leaders in a snap poll indicated that poor technology and/or infrastructure for remote working is the biggest barrier to effective working. A global banking firms IT base in Pune has been loadtesting since last week to check if the entire workforce can log in remotely at the same time. This is one of the concerns that has prevented many IT firms from issuing a blanket workfromhome order. [https//www.livemint.com/news/india/willindiaincsmandatetoworkfromhomework11584555247860.html]https//www.livemint.com/news/india/willindiaincsmandatetoworkfromhomework11584555247860.html. How Prepared Is India to Control the COVID19 Pandemic. How to skip coronavirus alert message on mobile Get The Answer Here. 168 individuals have been confirmed positive in India among the possibly infected cases and contacts of known positive cases.. COVID19 Second patient in Tamil Nadu is a domestic case says health minister. SARSCoV2 Testing Status Update Total of 13316 samples tested till date 168 individuals positive.. After resident tests positive how a Bluru apartment is ensuring others remain safe The apartment also asked residents to inform house helps and other staff to not come in to work till the lockdown period is over. Sand art by Sudarshan Pattnaik at Puri beach. Stay Alert COVID19. [Request] Stop spreading rumors: [removed]. Another problem seems to be at the horizon.. Due to Coronavirus CBSE 10th and 12th Board Exams 2020 Postponed. Young Indians should manup against Covid19: Getting a Covid19 infection is almost a given. It can be slowed down but we can not avoid it anymore. So lets not start rushing to the hospitals for every cough or sneeze and asking for a test. Stats have already showed that its mortatality rate is very low among the young population. The mortatality rate is even lower than it is being currently reported because no country has been able to test their entire population and there are so many asymptomatic cases roaming around. There is nothing to panic. Most of us will get a mild flu and some us might not even notice it. So lets not burden the health care and lets leave it for the older population. They are the ones at risk. They are the ones who needs tests. Role of the government should be to ease in the infection in the population so that it doesnt overwhelm the health care. I hope they will be able to control the panicking population from cities carrying the virus to the hinterland. Its easy to shutdown Mumbai Bangalore or NCR than an entire country of our size. It just cant be done. Some one will always slip away. Its the nature of this virus. Its coming. So lets manup and follow social distancing for the time being.. Icse board postpones board exams due to corona.. Coronavirus update Mumbai reports 2 new cases Maharashtra count up to 47. Karnataka Home quarantine stamping with indelible ink for international passengers has started at Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru. The stamp indicates last day of quarantine.. Mumbai on lockdown: A big time IAS officer my family knows says that Mumbai is going on lockdown from tonight i.e. March 20th 0000 hrs. They told me this since Im currently in Mumbai for work and I might get stuck here indefinitely. Now I havent heard any such news but apparently theyll just spring it on the public. Can anyone find out and confirm or deny this. Why Friday prayers across Mosques havent been banned yet: [removed]. ICSE Board Exams postponed. Airport situation right now DEL CCU: My sister is planning on taking a flight back home now that work has become remote for the forseeable future. Can anybody thats been on a flight recently let me know what the situation is at IGI Airport and/or NSCBI Airport Specifically is there stringent testing Can I expect delays or to get quarantined at the airport Finally would you recommend against taking a flight right now. Indias coronavirus health myths factchecked. Chhattisgarh reports first COVID 19 case after Raipur woman tests positive. Tamil Nadus 2nd COVID19 case raises community transmission concerns.  Jab tak hindustaan mein Sinemaa hein log baklol banyenge and bante rahenge said by neighbour while selling karunafree handwash sanitizers to my entire town... He had made 50k rs. In last 2 days .... The govt notice has been passed no more kidding. Is this guy legit or just another quack. First case of community transmission. Number of coronavirus positive cases rise to 147 in India says health ministry: [removed]. Karnataka Home quarantine stamping with indelible ink for international passengers has started at Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru. The stamp indicates last day of quarantine.. Did this really happened. Maharashtra People in Nagpur gathered on the streets to exercise after all the gyms in the state are shut due to Coronavirus. Hardeep Bhatia a local says We are building our immunity system by exercising.. This mosque in Mumbai decided to shut down to help combat the spread of coronavirus.. Coronavirus Mumbai prepares to quarantine 26k Indians coming from Gulf. We now begin Cut The Corona Clutter 4 latest takes from scientists 1 sobering amp 2 reassuring. Travelling from NYC DEL BNG. Where will quarantine happen: My parents are planning to travel form NYC USA Delhi Bengaluru. Will my 60 parents have to be quarantined If yes will they quarantined in Delhi or Bengaluru Can we request to be quarantined in Bengaluru given our hometown is in Bengaluru Is there a way for us to be quarantined in our own house in Bengaluru given that my dad needs special care that may not be offered in the quarantined facility. Winter is coming. Hoax News Says Goa Health Minister Minutes After Confirming States First Coronavirus Case. Mumbai prepares to quarantine 26k Indians coming from Gulf.. CORONAVIRUS NEXT 2 WEEKS ARE VERY CRUCIAL for INDIA CORONAVIRUS PANDEMIC IN INDIA. Australia Visa current situation due to Coronavirus impact on jobs and immigration: [removed]. [Academic study] Agreement with government policies towards coronavirus and personality India 18: [removed]. Im showing symptoms since last few days but cant get tested because of the criteria. Was getting bored of scrolling through Facebook and searching for coronavirus on Google so made this in a couple of hours. F. Vir Das sings coronavirus blues. BC it didnt happen in my time.... Is the world ready for a quarantine. Covid19 patient ends life in Safdarjung hospital DelhiNCR cases rise to 19. India man hospitalised after Israelis mistake him for Chinese in coronavirusrelated assault. Signs of civilization. Stage 3 The patient had no travel history to any of the affected countries but had travelled in a train for two days from Delhi to reach Chennai: [deleted]. Can EVERYONE work from home: Ive spent the whole day going through all the articles AMAs and posts on the coronavirus sub. Ive come to the conclusion that we arent doing enough tests and the situation is possibly more alarming than it apparently is. And that we will have to shut down way more strictly than China and Italy because of how dense we are. It makes me think about private employees of Non IT sector. Their work cant be done from home and not every company is generous enough to pay employees this whole time as long as this stays. How are they going to deal with this whole thing Theres so many other sections of the society to think about too indian students studying abroad bachelors who work away from home and many more. If India gets into Phase 3 or 4 should we expect/demand the government to actually step in and aid everyone by offering all essentials for free Does the government have enough for all of us. On a lighter note... Please listen till the end.... Lets be real about the Coronavirus Numbers: The only way to know if there is a spike in deaths Corona Virus Cases Respiratory disesaes or hospital admissions is if state/central govt. agencies collect compile and publish the data. Theres no way that anyone has access to these numbers without going through this process. This government has faked delayed or changed the methodologies for measurement of everything from GDP to unemployment numbers. Expecting even a semblance of the truth from this govt. is a fools dream if we are lucky maybe in a year or two there will enough follow on events that those with a brain can conclude that there were infact a huge number of deaths due to this pandemic. To those who seem to be claiming that the Govt. has taken strong action you are idiots who dont know what that would even involve. People have to be literally locked in their houses unable to even go to the next apartment building over. This virus has undoubtedly entered stage 3 in India.. Jalti rakh Mein original. Covid19 Tracker not the ransomware one p. Important Message From A Doctor Seeing Corona Patients. Coronavirus patient commits suicide by jumping off 7th floor of Safdarjung Hospital. Coronavirus ICSE has not postponed class 10 12 board exams says official. For docs and researchers on this sub what are the chances India manages to develop a test of its own for COVID19 similar to what South Korea did Is there work going on in that avenue: [removed]. Community transmission has started in India officially:  [https//www.news18.com/news/india/tamilnadureportssecondcaseofcoronaviruspatienttravelledtochennaifromdelhi2541843.html]https//www.news18.com/news/india/tamilnadureportssecondcaseofcoronaviruspatienttravelledtochennaifromdelhi2541843.html. The P6 case Why combating Covid19 spread in Karnatakas Kalaburagi is becoming a huge challenge. 7 Indonesians test positive for coronavirus in Telangana were on same train. Bill Gates Coronavirus AMA: [removed]. Bill Gates Coronavirus AMA. Fuck cbse: FUCKING ALL IMPORTANT EXAMS GOT OVER MFER I GOT 1 PAPER LEFT AND NOW IVE GOTTA WAIT 12 DAYS TO GET INFO ABOUT ITS RESCHEDULING. ALL OTHER DUDES JUST GET MORE TIME TO PREP FOR COLLEGE ENTRANCES SMH FUCK CBSE. Italys Death Toll From Coronavirus is So High That Obituaries Filled Up 10 Pages of Newspaper. My parents finally get serious about nCoV but only when it was reported that the PM IS GOING TO ADDRESS THE NATION on the evening 19th March: So I had been following SARSCoV2 ever since it was first reported in January and called nCoV2019. I closely followed vlogs by Ben Kavanaugh an Irish teacher who lived in Wuhan have watched all videos of Dr. John Campbell and made copious notes monitoring the daily numbers of most countries and brushing up on my data analysis and modelling skills and also am a mapper for r/CovidMapping. I had secretly bought N95s for my family in the 1st week of February itself and was even willing to get hazmat suits but that was hard to not go unnoticed. I also watched almost all videos I could find of China and how they were mistreating their people dragging them out of their houses and putting them in metal boxes the mass culling of pets their new 10dayhospital the welding of peoples doors and blocking major roads and highways even after imposing a strict lockdown. I showed many of these videos to my parents and the mutual feeling/inference was that Chinas CP is BAD. Early this month when the virus started showing up in multiple states of the country they still didnt care and said that the is very small and Moodyji will handle it. Over the past few days when most states started taking closure measures they still ignored and so did most people. Just go check out the Instagram stories of your friends / influenzers. When people were asked to workfromhome they just went out and partied kissing each other and taking selfies. When Shirdis management announced that they would be closing and a last aarti was going to be held people flocked in huge numbers. And finally when my moms sister called her shes a doctor in AIIMS Delhi and told to buy masks and stock up on essentials she went in a state of frenzy asking me to make a list of all that we would need. I told her to STFU and sit tight went out and got the essentials spent close to an hour in the supermarket wearing the mask of course. When dad returned from office she told him to go out in search of masks he called the pharmacies and all he got was a big laugh from the chemist. Right around then most of GodiMedia was flashing the news that the PM was going to address the nation tomorrow evening. I threw their masks at them and told them BHAKTI mein SHAKTI nahi hai What do you guys think about tomorrows PM addressing And stock up never hurts to be extra cautious. Remember ONLY THE PARANOID SURVIVE.. Railways deboard 4 passengers with home quarantine stamps near Mumbai. The four were screened at the international airport on arrival from Germany and advised 14 days of home quarantine in Mumbai till April 1.. Telangana traces passengers on DelhiBengaluru train bogie with a COVID19 patient. The man had travelled in coach number S9 of Sampark Kranti train no 12708 boarding it at Delhi on March 13 and alighting at Ramadurgam on March 14.. Just had a terrible morbid thought..: Was thinking ... maybe right now is a good time to fall sick with COVID19. Beds wards ventilators are available doctors are not tired. And if it comes to that crematoriums are also not overloaded. All this may not be true 3 weeks from now. Sorry for such a depressing thought cant share this with my family everyone will get upset but had to tell someone.. Coronavirus COVID19 Megathread News and Updates II: Central thread for sharing coronavirus News and discussion. Any off topic comments will be removed. Indian Goverment [ADVISORY ISSUED BY GOI 11TH MARCH 2020]https//twitter.com/PIBIndia/status/1237776233556934657 [Covid19 Numbers via Indian Ministry of Health and Welfare]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/ [Twitter updates by Press Information Bureau]https//twitter.com/PIBIndia All India Helpline Number 911123978046 [State Specific Helpline Numbers]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/coronvavirushelplinenumber.pdf Email ID ncov2019gmail.com Trackers News Updates [Coronavirus India Case Numbers Helpline Numbers Test Centers]https//covidout.in/ [International Map of Corona virus cases Including India with sources]https//www.google.com/maps/d/viewermid1yCPRukAgE55sROnmBUFmtLN6riVLTu3ampll30.3640311689614752C70.08537636902429ampz5 r/Coronavirus r/worldnews r/COVID19Positive for Covid19 Patients [New York Times Live Updates]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/world/livecoronavirusnewsupdates.html [r/India Coronavirus Live thread]https//www.reddit.com/live/14kmgqyghnukm Useful Guides Precautions Helpful Tips [Safety Tips for Public Advisory]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic [Coronavirus condition overview]https//www.who.int/healthtopics/coronavirus [Coronavirus QampA]https//www.who.int/newsroom/qadetail/qacoronaviruses [How to Protect Yourself and Prepare for the Coronavirus]https//www.nytimes.com/article/prepareforcoronavirus.html [Myth Busters via WHO]https//www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/novelcoronavirus2019/adviceforpublic/mythbusters r/India Community [COVID19 India tracker]https//www.covid19india.org/ via u/splitladoo [Crowdsourced handbook of India specific data and resources]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1cT69NNAOD98OPCWblmP4XQS6VFvCJKDZTTHwN7kZCc/edit via u/lilhuman0 [Google Spreadsheet of Statewise infections]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1uKqaxMd5gkghBKMmpfbnLRFLdicKvi802f77Ih0/editgid0 via /u/lordbloodraven Precautions for prevention of Corona Virus Currently there is no vaccine available to protect against human corona virus but we can reduce the transmission of virus by taking following precautions 1. Wash your hands frequently 2. Practice respiratory hygiene. Cover mouth and nose with a medical mask tissue or flexed elbow when coughing or sneezing. Wash hands afterwards and discard mask or tissue. 3. Maintain social distancing 4. Avoid touching eyes nose and mouth 5. If you have fever cough and difficulty breathing seek medical care early. Consult a doctor. 6. As a general precaution practice general hygiene measures when visiting live animal markets wet markets or animal product markets 7. Avoid consumption of raw or undercooked animal products 8. If you become sick while travelling inform crew seek medical attention early and share travel history. How to Quarantine Yourself via [New York Times]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/06/health/selfquarantinecoronavirus.html If youre returning from an area thats had a coronavirus outbreak or if youve been in close contact with someone who tests positive you may be asked to isolate yourself at home for two weeks the presumed incubation period for the coronavirus. Its not easy to lock yourself away from your family and friends. These are the basics. 1. ISOLATION If you are infected or have been exposed to the coronavirus you must seclude yourself from your partner your housemates your children your older aunt and even your pets. If you dont have your own room one should be designated for your exclusive use. No visitors unless its absolutely essential. Dont take the bus subway or even a taxi. 2. MASKS If you must be around other people in your home or in a car because youre on your way to see a doctor and only after youve called first wear a mask. Everyone else should too. 3. HYGIENE Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue to cough or sneeze and discard it in a lined trash can. Immediately wash your hands with soap and water for at least 20 seconds. You can use sanitizer but soap and water are preferred. Wash your hands frequently and avoid touching your eyes nose and mouth if you havent just washed them. 4. DISINFECTING Dont share dishes drinking glasses eating utensils towels or bedding. Wash these items after you use them. Use a household cleaner to wipe down countertops tabletops doorknobs bathrooms fixtures toilets phones keyboards tablets and bedside tables. That also goes for any surfaces that may be contaminated by bodily fluids. 5. HOUSEHOLD MEMBERS When around the patient wear a face mask and add gloves if youre touching anything that might carry the patients bodily fluids. Dispose of the mask and gloves immediately. The older members and those with chronic medical conditions should minimize contact with the secluded individual.. Work From Home. Coronavirus patient commits suicide by jumping off 7th floor of Safdarjung Hospital. Man suspected of coronavirus commits suicide by jumping off Safdarjung Hospital building Police. Coronavirus patient commits suicide by jumping off 7th floor of Safdarjung Hospital. JEE Mains exams also postponed due to corona virus. India Could Be Next Coronavirus Hotspot in Worst Case up to 60 Could Be Infected. CBSE Board exams postponed due to corona virus: [deleted]. CBSE Board exams postponed due to corona virus. CBSE Board exams postponed due to corona virus: [deleted]. CBSE Board exams postponed due to corona virus. Whomever creates a cure for CoronaVirus next Nobel Prize is definitely theirs.: [removed]. PM Shri narendramodi will address the nation on 19th March 2020 at 8 PM during which he will talk about issues relating to COVID19 and the efforts to combat it.. Im am Scared About my elders: My Dad is 68 Long history of illnesses a Kidney Failure Multiple respiratory hospitalizations Hes hospitalized right now owing to a UTI. Hes been hospitalized multiple times and things had looked gloomy but he pulled through with his determination to live. My Mom is 58 she has donated one of my kidneys to my dad shes brave unflinching and always with my dad shes there for me always and always. My Maternal Grandma is a Gem shes 72 but shes been the most cheerful person ive seen in my life. ampx200B I am scared for them. I know they have to go someday. But not like this. Not like this. The society and people i live along are taking it really seriously. But i am super skeptical. i dont know what will happen if i miss washing my hand one day. and fall ill and spread it to people who dont deserve it at all. ampx200B I feel so powerless. I dont know what to do or what is to come. Im in karnataka and they have taken it a little seriously but there are lot of people who just dont understand and refuse to self isolate clubs in Indranagar in the center of the city are still running owing to a technicality and idiots are still visiting them. I dont know if ill get COVID19 but i havent had this much anxiety since forever. ampx200B Send help... ampx200B Stay safe.. CBSE 10th amp 12th Exams Postponed. CBSE 10th amp 12th Exams Postponed: [deleted]. Hiring freeze: [removed]. Dont miss it Top 5 Coronavirus short film. Need help/advice My sister is stuck in India and isnt being allowed to leave: TLDR My sister has been In India since 24th February arrived in Munnar 15th March and has now been forced into a 14 day quarantine by local health officials meaning she cant leave on her planned flight home to the UK from Deli on the 20th. Hi just need some help/advice on how my sister can get home. She has been travelling around India since February 24th when she arrived in Munnar on the 15th March her car was surrounded by locals trying to prevent her from getting to her hostel. The police turned up and escorted them to their hostel. At the hostel local health officials told them they must stay in the hostel for 14 days. They have no signs of illness and have been in India with no issues since February 24th they also refuse to test them. After the 14 days theyve been told there will be no certificate or documentation to say they have been in quarantine so whats to stop it just being done again Her flight home from deli is on the 20th but they wont let her leave the hostel. Just wondering if there was any advice/help on how to get her home to the UK. Thanks in advance. Healthcare professionals of India in absence of community spread testing for COVID19 has there been a suspicious rise in patients with flue like symptoms coming to the hospitals/clinics: [removed]. [R] How fucked up is it if more than once it has occurred to me that the new pandemic may be a good thing for the planet at large: Also its even darker that I think that maybe the coronavirus should wipe out a large chunk of our population. In fact I dont think Id mind if I unwittingly became a victim to the virus. My work does expose me to the possibility that I will meet an unwitting carrier now that the disease has come to my city.. Catchy Go Corona track [NP]. Its a new corona rap. 167 coronavirus suspected patients go missing in Ludhiana. JEE/NEET and Other Exams you know them: JEE Main is around 20 days away which marks the onset of competitive exams for students Science stream or not the gloomy season begins. It will be followed by many State level and Private university/college exams which are scheduled to take place within the following 23 months. Lets be real Possibility of an outbreak is NOT negligible at all and gayatri mantra isnt gonna help Also CBSE Board examinations are being conducted as per the schedule without considering any possible transmissions but by the time Competitive examinations start things might get a little out of hands NOTE There is/are NO official statements regarding postponing of such exams kindly Dont fall for Rumours at least not yet. COVID19 4 With Home Quarantine Stamp Deboarded From Maha Train. Phase 2/3 We might be fucked.: My girlfriend has a history of international travel as recent as the 2nd week of March. She felt sick shortly after and I did a day later. We have all the symptoms of COVID19 so we selfisolated and decided to call the state emergency number. A gentleman received the call he was bilingual and spoke with clarity. He asked us about our age travel history mobile number amp locality name. He came off as an attentive listener but almost every time kept forgetting the date of arrival. The only outcome of the call was that he repeatedly advised us to selfisolate for 14 days and to visit a government hospital near us if the symptoms worsened. But ideally we should have been quarantined or at least tested instead I am sitting here at home. Like me you are thinking that the authorities are saving resources for critical cases then we are more fucked then you might realise. Let me explain by breaking this into 3 situations Situation 1 We dont have enough resources which isnt surprising. Situation 2 Corona might already be here in its full glory and the information is being suppressed. Situation 3 Both Situation 1 Situation 2 might be in full effect. I am not writing this to add to your paranoia but to invite you to take action. It is our moral obligation to keep our elders protected. They deserve to die in loving arms honourably when their time comes. Believe me the symptoms suck. My heart bleeds upon realising these folks paid taxes and laid down lives for this nation and the nation let them down because we chose to vote based on religion not progress. So please move them to an isolated room and follow quarantine procedures. Keep them protected. After the dust settles rememeber that nature doesnt descrimiate based on caste creed or religion we are as strong as the weekest link in the chain. So living in high rise buildings electric fencing or abroad is not going to protect you from nature.. How soap kills the coronavirus. Teach China a lesson: Post this calamity is over all countries need to come together and take some serious action against China. Stupid country is responsible for multiple such outbreaks and causing unnecessary panics all over the world.. Coronavirus How Indias biggest quarentine for COVID19 functions. COVID19 Magic medicine of Jaipurs hospital cures 3 patients draws attention in medical world. Want to know if any of you guys have tried the sanitizers now available in the market.: [removed]. ICMR has little basis to claim there is no community transmission of COVID19. Kerla police hand washing corona virus video is going viral.. Son of bureaucrat denied COVID19 test twice before he tested positive for it. He kept meeting with people and visiting places before he was admitted for a test: [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/mamatabanerjeewestbengalcoronavirus165690620200318]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/mamatabanerjeewestbengalcoronavirus165690620200318 Such action of some people is pushing the state and the country to a dark future.. How To Increase Immune System. West Bengals first Covid19 patient son of top bureaucrat denied getting admitted twice and kept on meeting people before testing positive: [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/mamatabanerjeewestbengalcoronavirus165690620200318]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/mamatabanerjeewestbengalcoronavirus165690620200318. First Case of Possible Community Infection Stage 3. Bengals first Covid19 patient son of top bureaucrat denied getting admitted twice and kept on meeting people before testing positive. Indias poor testing rate may have masked Coronavirus cases. Bored from WFH decided to create some minimal posters for coronavirus pandemic. Criticism / suggestions welcome. Coronavirus Indias Action Plan: Can someone tell me what is the Indias action plan if and when the situation becomes worse like in Italy Iran etc. I know there are helpline numbers but how are we going to handle this physically Do we have infrastructure and equipment ready to cope with massive loads of patients A kind request Please refrain from writing sarcastic replies. I seriously want to know about this.. Yeh mask humko dede Thakur. India Could Be Next Coronavirus Hotspot in Worst Case up to 60 Could Be Infected Please check The Wires YouTube Channel in between 910 PM IST for the interview of Ramanan Laxminarayan by Karan Thapar. Over 40000 under quarantine as Covid19 cases in India jump to 147. Cant Claim VIP Status Avoid COVID19 Test Mamata Banerjee Slams Teen. Brothers and their sisters please hear me out.: I saw a post from fellow Indian inquiring about how to get out of India. I tell you that even the islands are hit by this Virus. No place is safe other than your own home. So socialdistancing is the best of the best options. In addition to the [regular sanitation practices]https//www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019ncov/prepare/prevention.html ofcourse. You can use bleach wipes to disinfect the surfaces youll have to inhale from a different hole for a while but bleach is definitely effective against any virus. I work in a Canadian hospital. Common People here are treating Covid19 pandemic like a fucking [zombie apocalypse]https//www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2020/03/16/coronavirususpictureslowtrafficemptygrocerystoreshelves/5057550002/ . They are stealing masks and sanitizers from the dispeners. Last week I heard about someone getting [stabbed]https//www.ibtimes.sg/manstabbedgeorgiastoreoverpackwatercoronavirusledpanicbuyingallegedcausevideo40950 in downtown area over a mere TP roll. Major provinces have declared a Public Health Emergency to prevent the spread of virus. Public gathering ban has reduced to 50 people from 250. The panic in the US is a lot worse. Most of their food is import and with lack of local food manufacturers the situation is shitty only because the people are hoarding the stuff and calling it prepping. Now this virus is serious and can prove very contagious in a community setting like in India. It is time we educate/protect risk prone Senior citizens and Kids if its already not happening. This virus is not going to give in to any of those Daddi ke nuskhe.. Coronavirus outbreak Can people without symptoms also test positive. Now don masks made in prison in maharashtra. 276 Indians including 255 in Iran test positive for coronavirus abroad confirms MEA. India May Be Next Coronavirus Hotspot With Avalanche Of Cases Experts. COVID19 pandemic 23 longdistance trains including Rajdhani Duronto cancelled. Came across this sign in one of the pharmacies nearby. I urge people to STOP HOARDING on supplies and stay indoors.. COVID 19 death reported in India Coronavirus update. Coronavirus Kerala cops perform a catchy hand washing dance and its viral Six maskclad officers of the Kerala police dance to a catchy song while demonstrating steps to wash your hands.. Kolkatas first coronavirus carrier and his mother a senior bureaucrat moved freely for two days. Can China gain economically Covid19: Okay hear me out. This is just a thought running in my mind. Now that the official number of confirmed coronavirus cases are down to single digits just few reported as of yesterday china could soon be the 1st country to be virusfree or contained. As far as the official figures go That being said I assume they could soon resume their production of essentials such as hand sanitizer toilet paper rolls masks etc. which they can export to other countries. And with the kind of labour force they have they could gain economically in times like these.. Oyo offers to turn hotels into quarantine centers in India. The seal is working: Family of four with quarantine seal deboarded from Surat train https//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/mumbai/familyoffourwithquarantinesealdeboardedfromsurattrain/article31098450.ece. The seal is working: Family of four with quarantine seal deboarded from Surat train https//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/mumbai/familyoffourwithquarantinesealdeboardedfromsurattrain/article31098450.ece. He doesnt eat any vegetables..... Indian Muslim Women Modi brought Coronavirus from his excess foreign tours. Only his Ministers would be affected. Modi is using Coronavirus as a propaganda we are smart enough to understand that. Instagram user shares quarantine experience at Delhi Airport. CoronaVirus Important things you must know Precautions Youtube. Travelling Tips Amid Coronavirus Scare. Work from home notification from my office. TRoc is launched...it was a virtual launch due to CoronaVirus Covid19. Fuckin Zee news.  Dr. Nava....  This is a question and not a suggestion Is there any kind of scientific proof to any of these claims. WFH email notification from my workplace. Covid19 India Web Tracker. What is left for a virus to kill in a morally corrupt nation. One of the best explanation on why drastic measures were taken at early stage of pandemics.. Covid19 Dashboard Web App: [removed]. 167 People Suspected To Have Coronavirus Missing In Ludhiana. How To Prevent The Spread Of Corona Virus Written By Mythri Hospital. UP Govt Gives Nod To Ayodhya Mela Despite Ban On Mass Gatherings Due To Coronavirus 10 Lakh Devotees Expected. Platform tickets fare hiked from Rs.10 to Rs.50 as a measure to fight against Coronavirus.. COVID 19 is behaving like someone is playing Plague Inc.. India updates protocol for whom to quarantine and test for Covid19 and ropes in private labs. 200 in New Delhi India drink cow urine to fight off COVID19. No evidence of community outbreak of coronavirus in India so far ICMR. When you are brand ambassador for Paracetamol and Bleaching powder companies anecdote to cure Coronavirus. My employer doesnt allow me to WFH. I have to travel in the Metro every day and Im scared that I may get infected with COVID19. Does our health mean nothing to these employers What can I do to improve my situation: I am someone who works with computers the entire time.. Coronavirus India is not even testing all those it considers suspect cases.. Indias Dreadful Coronavirus Testing Rate Puts Over a Billion at Risk. HELP. Coming from Australia via New Delhi to Kota Rajasthan. No good hospitals here to check coronavirus. And hospitals are really unhygienic. Im at home with my mom and sister pretty sure they are infected too if I have virus. Need to get tested asap so that we can take precautions. Suggestions: [removed]. Mask price gouging on flipkart.: FRANKLY YOURS BLACK MASK Pack Of 6 FYCWS504 Mask http//dl.flipkart.com/dl/franklyyoursblackmaskpack6fycws504/p/itm48ea5f818af55pidMRPFK4Z5J8QKYVACampcmpidproduct.share.pp. UP to promote students of classes 1 to 8 without exams as coronavirus shuts down schools: gt Orders have been issued to promote all students studying in schools run by the basic education department of class one to eight to next classes without examination. All schools have been closed till April [https//theprint.in/india/education/uptopromotestudentsofclasses1to8withoutexamsascoronavirusshutsdownschools/382955/]https//theprint.in/india/education/uptopromotestudentsofclasses1to8withoutexamsascoronavirusshutsdownschools/382955/ One more good decision.. UP government to compensate daily wage earners for loss due to coronavirus. Is our PM Modi lying to US amp the World. This is the current situation of India people arent taking this outbreak seriously many of my relatives still go to religious gathering how do we educate the elderly. No there is no evidence that Indians have stronger immunity. Govt issues advisory on social distancing to contain outbreak. Coronavirus Ayodhya to hold Ram Navami mela despite COVID19 fears.. Coronavirus update Doctor tests positive in Lucknow UP has 16 confirmed cases. Things to do this week in India: [removed]. Now India bans entry of Indians from EU Turkey and UK. Future of COVID19 in India Forecasted based on actual count till date day 14 Assumption LogLinear trend in near future. People worryingbreak the chain movementavoid social contact.Here our university is conducting exams to not waste time on holidays....smh: [removed]. Lets do prayer together. COVID19 Coronavirus Coronafighters: [removed]. 100 Indians stuck in US Cruise Ship and the Indian Government is of no help . Corona Fear Syndrome The Actual Pandemic. Corona Virus Prevention With The Help of Organic Green Leafy Vegetables: Hello friends Corona virus or any kind of viruses or infections can be totally prevented by boosting our bodys immunity. This can be done by eating lots of ORGANIC green leafy cruciferous vegetables like Cabbage Broccoli Chards green Spinach Bokchoy Radish Capsicum Carrots and sprouts. These cruciferous vegetables has lots of antioxidants phytonutrients potassium vitamins amp minerals which effectively kills all forms of viruses in our body. So eat lots of green veggies 56 cups daily with some good fats. Please dont buy any kind of man made synthetic vitamins from medical stores or online as they cannot be absorbed by our body and they are useless. Always use food based supplements from ORGANIC sources which are not processed nor fortified in any ways . Also do not cook vegetables for long time since heating kills the essential vitmains. Eat as much as raw in the form of salads. But always remember to buy only ORGANIC veggies which are free from all the cancer causing harmful pesticides amp chemicals. If you find these vegetables difficult to eat then you can juice it. I am using my old juicer mixer to make vegetable juices. Just for your info new mixer grinders you can find here [http//bit.ly/2UdtJry]http//bit.ly/2UdtJry Thanks [Morphy Richards Mixer Grinders]http//bit.ly/2UdtJry. Order by National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority: [removed]. Gazette Notification regarding masks and sanitizers due to coronavirus outbreak: [removed]. COVID 19 Guidelines for doctors. checkout this funny CORONAVIRUS SONG XD. Coronavirus Doesnt Discriminate Need Lockdown 51 Entrepreneurs Note To PM. Covid19 Shaheen Bagh protesters refuse to move even after govt restriction. 34yearold soldier tests positive for coronavirus in Leh first case for armed forces The New Indian Express. Lets fight together. Quarentine experience at Mumbai Kasturba. India Coronavirus Status. Coronavirus live updates amp India Confirmed Cases 147 positive cases reported in India Kyrgyzstan confirms first coronavirus cases. JEE/NEET and Other Exams: JEE Main is around 20 days away which marks the onset of competitive exams for students Science stream or not the gloomy season begins. It will be followed by many State level and Private university/college exams which are scheduled to take place within the following 23 months. Lets be real Possibility of an outbreak is NOT negligible at all and gayatri mantra isnt gonna help Also CBSE Board examinations are being conducted as per the schedule without considering any possible transmissions but by the time Competitive examinations start things might get a little out of hands NOTE There is/are NO official statements regarding postponing of such exams kindly Dont fall for Rumours at least not yet. Tired Of Racism Northeastern Students Appeal To The Country To Stop Calling Them Coronavirus. Efficacy of gaumutra in fighting COVID19 in Hindi. Is there are shortage of eggs in your locality : Cant seem to buy eggs most of the stores do not have them. Is it the same in your locality While people are saying eggs got cheaper I cant seem to find them anywhere.. Indian Army jawan in Ladakh tests positive for COVID19. Hand hygiene campaign by the Kerala Police Media Centre on COVID19. Suggestion/ Policy Framework Identifying Tracking and Isolating COVID19 Individuals Employing preexisting technology: [removed]. Protect and Prevent yourself from Coronavirus. Updated: [removed]. O Corona Kal Aana. Total number of passengers screened at airport 1354858 claimed by govt.. Top of the food chain Think again.: It only takes a small nanometer dimensioned entity to bring the entire human race to a halt. Whatever happened to WE the pioneers. Imagine this was going to be the year in which we were going to put ideas like autonomous cars flying cars space tourism asteroid mining hyperlooping etc in action. Now we are rushing to the grocery stores and fighting over trivial things like paper to wipe our backs. There is a quote in the movie Interstellar Weve always defined ourselves by the ability to overcome the impossible. And we count these moments. These moments when we dare to aim higher to break barriers to reach for the stars to make the unknown known. We count these moments as our proudest achievements. But we lost all that. Or perhaps weve just forgotten that we are still pioneers. And weve barely begun. And that our greatest accomplishments cannot be behind us because our destiny lies above us It almost feels like that our systems our unity our spirit our patience and our human sensitivities are all getting tested at the same time. The Hope that there is another tomorrow keeps us all moving and fighting. It however goes without saying the Cscare has truly shown the fragility of our existence. We need to pause. We need to think what is truly important. We need to focus. It is time to rethink. We have not found another worlds. We have not found a way to escape yet. This is it. Lets push this out and remember to not go back to our arrogant ignorant selves. Else we will waste a perfect disaster to evolve as Humans first.. Restore 4G internet in Jammu and Kashmir to help fight COVID19 Altaf Bukhari urges Amit Shah. Coronavirus Mumbai local trains buses to run normally for now.. What do you fellow Indians spend time on indoors during the corona chaos: [removed]. Kerela asked to be prepared for a surge in Covid19 cases. 15 days Coronavirus India. Govt invites ideas from public to combat Covid19. Coronavirus outbreak in India: Hello all. I am really worried about the situation of coronavirus in India. I am living in Mumbai and that too in slums of Mumbai. Its horrible to even think about what will happen if even one Corona affected people comes in contact with common man of Mumbai. And then that guy/ women who lives in one of slums in Mumbai the outbreak is simply unstoppable. There is no cure for it as far as I can think and only possible solution is with putting extensive measure to prevent it spread there has to be major preparation for possible lakhs of coronavirus patient to be hospitalized in coming weeks in Mumbai. I want to know what you people think of this situation and what can I personally do make it heard on bigger platform to help and prevent the coronavirus spread.. Be careful when you go to a doctor: There is a doctor with his clinic in every corner in major cities. My friends father is a doctor with his own clinic in Mumbai. He treated 7 patients recently who had pnemonia one had just the recently come from UK. Now he has fever. If you have fever / cough please contact a large hospital that can test you. Stay safe . Future of COVID19 in India Forecasted based on actual count till date day 14 Assumption LogLinear trend in near future. Future of Covid19 in India Forecasted based on actual count till date day 14 Assumption Logarithmic trend in near future. Trump announces the first human trial for a vaccine created in the US against Coronavirus. Indian Government Advisory on using Masks for protection This is outrageous. Just wait one week: The sheer number of cases Nani yaad diladegiwill make you remember your grandma were probably at stage 3 already but the small number of tests are not giving a proper indication. We are in for tough times buckle up.. Harvard scientist coronavirus pandemic likely will infect 4070 of world this year. JEE/NEET and Other Exams: JEE Main is around 20 days away which marks the onset of competitive exams for students Science stream or not the gloomy season begins. It will be followed by many State level and Private university/college exams which are scheduled to take place within the following 23 months. Lets be real Possibility of an outbreak is NOT negligible at all. Also CBSE Board examinations are being conducted as per the schedule without considering any possible transmissions but by the time Competitive examinations start things might get a little out of hands. [AskIndia] Has the Churches/Temples/Mosques/Gurudwaras in your area been temporarily closed. Coronall die after watching this. Army sources First positive case of COVID19 confirmed of an Indian Army jawan from Ladakh Scouts. Jawans father has travel history to Iran. Jawan is being treated while his family including sister amp wife have been put in quarantine. Jawans father has also tested positive.. Neighbour reported Coronavirus symptoms and was taken away to a hospital. What now: [removed]. Cow dung cow urine to cure corona hindutva groups. Rant About fucking Chinese Assholes.: [removed]. Live tracker for COVID19 Cases in India.: [removed]. COVID19 Filmmakers Plan Fund for Spot Boys Workers Assistants. Be thankful that you are in India and not Italy China or Iran COVID19 patient from Karnataka. Anti corona mattress . India against corona anti corona mattress: [removed]. Everyone need not wear masks: [removed]. Everyone need not wear masks: [removed]. Everyone need not wear masks: [removed]. Please be generous about sanitary products for the maids janitors workers amp security staff in your houses amp buildings.: They out in the sun without cover for the long periods of the day. Theyre exposed to more dust smog items / artefacts amp most importantly many people than most of us. More so in the case of maids amp cooks who travel between multiple houses in the same society and handle our food utensils cleaning equipment etc. Despite the general shortage of sanitizers soaps tissues etc do try to keep aside a small portion exclusively for their use. This is not to induce some casteist or religious undercurrents but general common hygiene practices. Hopefully we all emerge from this entire situation wiser healthier amp safer.. Despite guidelines to contain COVID19 footfall at Tirumala temple remains steady. Subreddit for Corona Virus: [removed]. Coronavirus cover This bank is offering Rs 5000/day for one month infectionproof ATMs. [South] Coronavirus testing stats for the Southern States. Should we stock food: [removed]. Not bad.. Not bad.. WHO Representative impressed with Indian govts commitment against Covid19. Nvidias calling on gaming PC owners to put their systems to work fighting COVID19. COVID19 Coronavirus And Tuberculosis We Need A Damage Control Plan. Everything you need to know about corona virus explained by doctors from different departments. Do watch and stay safe.. UP govt to give money to daily wage labourers during COVID 19 pandemic. WHO representative very impressed with Indias response.. Quarantine situation in Chennai: [removed]. Coronavirus Cases Tracker for Indian States [Live Map]. Fevicols creativity even amidst panic. Please carry some cheap extra masks with you: I was traveling in an Auto just few minutes back. It was going all well but then suddenly this Auto Driver started coughing a lot. I told him to use a handkerchief or something but hes like kuch nahi hoga. Yeh sab fake hai its all stupid. All of this is fake nothings gonna happen After stressing on it hes like mai handkerchief ghar pe bhul gayaI forgot my handkerchief at home I am not sure if he was being sarcastic or not. So not for his but for your or someone elses safety please carry some budget ranged extra masks.. WHO praises India for efforts against novel coronavirus. Covid19 WHO praises PM Narendra Modis efforts in battling coronavirus. The 15 nations in the world with the highest number of new HIV/AIDS cases From 1990 to 2017. A relative just posted this misinformed post on whatsapp. Can someone please share a post preferably in Hindi countering such nonsense and giving the correct information about Covid19 so that it reaches people like our parents who are the most vulnerable but the most idiotic too.. This is how much the Government plans to pay doctors and nurses for putting their lives on the line.. This is how much the Government plans to pay doctors and nurses for putting their lives on the line.. Nasa is scared: Where are post saying nasa thinks corona will destiny earth. I really feel we have a larger Coronavirus infected population than the government is telling us.: Even though there are officially 125 cases in reality it could be much larger possibly because the government may want to cover it up so not to harm the economy. However by covering it up it could be more dangerous like what happened in China and Iran. Interesting article about it [https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia51747932]https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia51747932. Mumbai to decide on shutting off its lifeline local trains after first Corona death. Physician Volunteers for COVID 19 in Mumbai: Dear Mumbaikar Greetings from Physician Volunteers for Telephonic Guidance on Covid19. We are a voluntary group of Mumbai doctors headed by Dr Tushar Shah MD Physician. We are available for telephonic guidance with respect to Covid19 the infection caused by the new Coronavirus. We will be GUIDING you and will NOT be treating you on the phone. We will prefer WhatsApp as the mode of messaging and calling. Before calling do send your name and age by WhatsApp. This is an absolutely free service. One reason for doing this is that you do not rush unnecessarily to a clinic or hospital and therefore come in contact with other patients. Another reason is to guide you to the correct medical facility if you need testing for the virus or need treatment. We will also help you with instructions regarding hygiene selfisolation and other safety procedures. We are doing this purely as a service and will not be held responsible for the decisions you make based on our guidance. Dr Tushar Shah MD. Consulting Physician. 17th March 2020. These are the TIME SLOTS WITH THE PHONE NUMBERS of volunteer doctors. Please respect the time slots. Do note that the list of available doctors may change depending on availability. We will notify changes. Please feel free to forward this message to your family and friends. For telephonic guidance on COVID19 from 8 am to 12 noon Dr Tushar Shah. 9321469911 Dr M Bhatt. 9320407074 Dr D Doshi. 9820237951 Dr D Rathod. 8879148679 Dr R Gwalani. 8779835257 Dr D Kansara. 8369846412 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 12 to 4 pm Dr G Kamath. 9136575405 Dr S Manglik. 9820222384 Dr J Jain. 7021092685 Dr A Thakkar. 9321470745 Dr L Bhagat. 9820732570 Dr N Shah. 9821140656 Dr S Phanse. 8779328220 Dr J Shah. 9869031354 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 4 to 8 pm Dr N Zaveri. 9321489748 Dr S Ansari. 7045720278 Dr L Kedia. 9321470560 Dr B Shukla. 9321489060 Dr S Halwai. 9867379346 Dr M Kotian. 8928650290 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 8 to 11 pm Dr N Kumar. 8104605550 Dr P Bhargav. 9833887603 Dr R Chauhan. 9892135010 Dr B Kharat. 9969471815 Dr S Dhulekar. 9892139027 Dr S Pandit. 9422473277 P.S. Another excellent helpline 247 has been initiated by Indian Medical Association. The numbers are 919999672238 and 919999672239.. Physician Volunteers for COVID 19: Dear Mumbaikar Greetings from Physician Volunteers for Telephonic Guidance on Covid19. We are a voluntary group of Mumbai doctors headed by Dr Tushar Shah MD Physician. We are available for telephonic guidance with respect to Covid19 the infection caused by the new Coronavirus. We will be GUIDING you and will NOT be treating you on the phone. We will prefer WhatsApp as the mode of messaging and calling. Before calling do send your name and age by WhatsApp. This is an absolutely free service. One reason for doing this is that you do not rush unnecessarily to a clinic or hospital and therefore come in contact with other patients. Another reason is to guide you to the correct medical facility if you need testing for the virus or need treatment. We will also help you with instructions regarding hygiene selfisolation and other safety procedures. We are doing this purely as a service and will not be held responsible for the decisions you make based on our guidance. Dr Tushar Shah MD. Consulting Physician. 17th March 2020. These are the TIME SLOTS WITH THE PHONE NUMBERS of volunteer doctors. Please respect the time slots. Do note that the list of available doctors may change depending on availability. We will notify changes. Please feel free to forward this message to your family and friends. For telephonic guidance on COVID19 from 8 am to 12 noon Dr Tushar Shah. 9321469911 Dr M Bhatt. 9320407074 Dr D Doshi. 9820237951 Dr D Rathod. 8879148679 Dr R Gwalani. 8779835257 Dr D Kansara. 8369846412 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 12 to 4 pm Dr G Kamath. 9136575405 Dr S Manglik. 9820222384 Dr J Jain. 7021092685 Dr A Thakkar. 9321470745 Dr L Bhagat. 9820732570 Dr N Shah. 9821140656 Dr S Phanse. 8779328220 Dr J Shah. 9869031354 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 4 to 8 pm Dr N Zaveri. 9321489748 Dr S Ansari. 7045720278 Dr L Kedia. 9321470560 Dr B Shukla. 9321489060 Dr S Halwai. 9867379346 Dr M Kotian. 8928650290 For telephonic guidance on Covid19 from 8 to 11 pm Dr N Kumar. 8104605550 Dr P Bhargav. 9833887603 Dr R Chauhan. 9892135010 Dr B Kharat. 9969471815 Dr S Dhulekar. 9892139027 Dr S Pandit. 9422473277 P.S. Another excellent helpline 247 has been initiated by Indian Medical Association. The numbers are 919999672238 and 919999672239.. Coronavirus live updates 12 more test positive total coronavirus cases rise to 126 in India. COVID19: [removed]. Anyone currently in Belgium planning to go to India: The GOI has banned passengers from EU. Is there anyone living in Belgium who was planning to go back to India Would like to know what youre going to do next... Lets fight together.. Together we can. US President Donald Trump Reports No Coronavirus Justin Trudeau Has No Symptoms. State of Emergency: With the US most of Europe declaring a State of Emergency I am a little worried that the same may be declared in India as well. Not from the perspective of mobilizing a response against Covid19 but rather as an excuse to stifle political opposition. ampx200B It may just be my paranoia speaking but we may be up for Indira Gandhi days all over again.. COVID19 IMPACT on TRAVEL: We the researchers at IIT Kharagpur are trying to analyze the impact of the COVID19 outbreak in the country specifically on travel. Your responses shall be very valuable to us in making informed recommendations to act during this global pandemic in serving the travel needs in the country. We request you to kindly respond to this 4stage questionnaire which shall require about 10 minutes of your time. All information will be kept confidential and only descriptive statistics shall be shared without any reference to any particular respondent. [https//forms.gle/4uALMq2AsBaxkkL78]https//forms.gle/4uALMq2AsBaxkkL78. Nithyanandas recipe against COVID19 fast walk on fire pierce body with lemons. Coronavirus outbreak is now declared as pandemic by WHO. Third CoronavirusLinked Death In India 126 People Infected 10 Points. Breakfast tray at a Corona virus isolation facility in Kerala. Fully paid for by the government including the newspaper. Source Facebook post by District Collector Ernakulam. Look at the world deadliest pandemics. Coronaviruspandemics.. Called COVID19 helpline number...:  My friends and I decided to call the helpline number today when one of our other friend fell sick to see if we should get her tested and after asking our location and if our friend traveled outside the country the helpline agent literally said Then its not Corona. Dont worry about it. Its not Corona We recorded the whole call. The entirety was the lady just trying to assure us it cant be corona she even told us that the media is blowing things out of proportion. I got pretty annoyed and asked her if they arent testing then how are we supposed to know if people are affected. Whats the point of having 52 I think collection centers in the country if all you are doing is checking people who are visiting from outside. All she did was keep repeating the same thing like a broken record and said that since the 7 positive quarantined in Delhi hadnt used the public transportation we dont have to worry. The whole thing was such a bullshit attempt to suppress complaints. If this is whats happening I have a feeling the situation is worse than we thought. She didnt even sound very professional. It just felt like she was reading from a script or something. They are still allowing in people from countries where there is widespread testing. Is there any way we could get our friend tested I know its highly possible its just the seasonal flu but how are we supposed to know if there is NO TESTING. Despite coronavirus lakhs to gather in Ayodhya because this Ram Navami is different. Coronavirus cases jump to 125 as India nears shutdown Developments. Uddhav Thackeray may suspend Mumbai local trains to prevent spread of COVID19. India Could be Next Virus Hotspot With an Avalanche of Cases. omeksaath I am joining this initiative. Are you gonna Lets get this done for humanity.. No Flights No Evac India Abandons Hundreds To Coronavirus In Iran. Union Minister V Muraleedharan is in self quarantine after he attended a meeting in a medical institute in Trivandrum on March 14. A doctor there who returned from Spain tested positive for COVID 19 on March 15.. COVID19 isolation wards neednt be scary Heres whats on the menu of a Kerala hospital. There should be at least a temporary ban on all Guthka/Tobacco products amidst Corona phase all over the country as some highly educated ones spit like crazy.: [removed]. Accredited private labs to be allowed to test for Covid19: [removed]. How true is this If it is these people are putting everybody at risk. Hyderabad Quarantine must for all arrivals in RGIA from seven nations:  All passengers including Indians and foreign nationals arriving at Rajiv Gandhi International Airport RGIA Shamshabad from China Iran Italy Korea France Germany and Spain will be quarantined for 14 days. Passengers arriving in Hyderabad through direct flights from these countries or via hubs including Abu Dhabi Dubai etc or having a travel history to the seven countries after February 15 will be quarantined for 14 days immediately after their arrival. All symptomatic passengers will be isolated and escorted to isolation facilities at designated hospital. The rest will be sent to a quarantine facility for 14 days. During the quarantine if any individual develops symptoms then they should be immediately shifted to designated hospital following due procedure for isolation. ampx200B [https//telanganatoday.com/quarantinemustforallarrivalsinrgiafromsevennations]https//telanganatoday.com/quarantinemustforallarrivalsinrgiafromsevennations [https//english.sakshi.com/telangana/2020/03/16/14daysquarantineifyouarrivedatrgiafromthesecountries]https//english.sakshi.com/telangana/2020/03/16/14daysquarantineifyouarrivedatrgiafromthesecountries [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad/stateexpandsquarantineplansforfliersfromabroad/articleshow/74663692.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/hyderabad/stateexpandsquarantineplansforfliersfromabroad/articleshow/74663692.cms. Nobody in this sub will post this because it reflects good on our country.: [removed]. Do You Know 14 List of things that are likely to be equally dangerous as the Coronavirus. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos .  COVID19 . 3yearold girl is youngest coronavirus patient in Maharashtra as Covid19 numbers rise to 39. To stay put or risk the viral journey home: My institute in Kolkata just shut down. Should I fly back to Chennai at the risk of picking up the virus and spreading it at home or should I stay back in the hostel Chennai has better facilities. Kolkata is safe for now. Then again if things get drastically worse they could shut the hostel and I might have to make that trip anyway. Any suggestions. Patience Not Panic. Caution Not Overreaction. Lets fight this together. Painting by Medha Srivastava. Maharashtra To Stamp Those Under Home Quarantine Amid Coronavirus Scare. We must be vigilant and show some love to our medical community: [removed]. Meet the faceless warriors in a citys antiCOVID19 fight. COVID19 Impact on Travel: [removed]. The current situation of isolated patients. Will CoronaVirus be contained by 31st March: Our state government has declared holidays for schools and colleges till 31st March. Do they expect to resolve and identify all affected by Coronavirus by the 31st. Moodys lowers Indias GDP growth forecast to 5.3 per cent in 2020 on coronavirus implications on the economy.:  Moodys Investors Service on Tuesday lowered Indias GDP growth forecast for 2020 calendar year to 5.3 per cent on coronavirus implications on the economy. February projected a 5.4 per cent real GDP growth for India in 2020. This too was a downgrade from 6.6 per cent earlier forecast. A number of governments and central banks have announced countervailing measures including fiscal stimulus packages policy rate cuts and regulatory forbearance however the effectiveness of policy easing will be blunted by measures to contain the outbreak and policy space is constrained for some sovereigns Moodys said oil price shock adds to growth and fiscal pressures for exposed sovereigns. A period of lower oil prices will further weigh on the economic and fiscal fundamentals of oil exporters while mitigating the trade shock for importers. [https//www.financialexpress.com/economy/moodyslowersindiasgdpgrowthforecastto53percentin2020/1900357/]https//www.financialexpress.com/economy/moodyslowersindiasgdpgrowthforecastto53percentin2020/1900357/. 3rd Death due to COVID19 in India in Mumbai. A comment on Indian efforts against Corona virus. Coronavirus Latest LIVE Updates India reports third death from Maharashtra as cases rise to 125. Just wanted to create awareness in Hindi for Corona Virus so created this tracker feedbacks amp contributions appreciated: [corona virus spread tracker for India in hindi]https//fightcorona.rajchandra.me/ My uncle doesnt understand English so the only source to get an update about the spread of this deadly virus in through news channels which are busy covering MP Government Crisis. So thought of creating this website to help him and thousands of other Indians who dont understand English. My idea is to start somewhere and then add more features like seek help and track local regional data if you are a developer here is what I am planning to do further 1. Add regional data like State wise crisis counts 2. Make the website translator based on the region like Tamil for users accessing the website from Tamil Nadu also an option to change the language manually 3. Furthermore adding features like request help for someone in need. Seeing to the out break in other countries it is inevitable that India May face a bigger crisis if u feel the project is worth contributing then head over to the [GitHub Repo]http// https//github.com/rajchandra3/fightcorona and open issues add guidelines or just star the repo any kind of help is appreciated. If u feel there should be a specific feature in the app feel free to write it here [Request Feature]http// https//github.com/rajchandra3/fightcorona/issues/new. If you think the app is helpful let others know about it its totally for non profit I am not a company or a brand.. Telangana 3 Arrested For Spreading Fake News On Coronavirus: [removed]. I hope the earth heals from coronavirus soon. Food menu Kochi Medical college Kerala Corona care isolation ward:  Food menu Kochi Medical college Kerala Corona care isolation ward \ For Malayalees Breakfast Breakfast 730 am Dosa sambar 2 eggs 2 oranges tea 1L mineral water 1030 am Fruit juice Lunch 1200 pm 2 chappathi rice fish fry thoran curry curd 1L mineral water 330 pm Tea biscuits/banana fry/ vada Dinner 700 pm Appam veg stew 2 Banana 1L mineral water. \ For Foreigners Breakfast Soup fruits raw cucumber orange banana boiled eggs 2 1100 pineapple juice 1200 lunch Toasted bread cheeseif needed fruits 400 pm fruit juice Dinner Toasted bread scrambled eggs fruits For children milk also included. A thread on how news companies are dealing with COVID19 coronavirus in India and disseminating news. Speak softly and maintain a social distance from people who talk face to face sing shout or do breathing exercises. Best Video for Ever Indian Superstars on Coronavirus Awareness: [removed]. India shuts down Taj Mahal amid coronavirus fears. 54 per cent of the companies in India do not have enough technology and resources for employees to work to home amid coronavirus outbreak. Maharashtra To Stamp Those Under Home Quarantine Amid Coronavirus Scare. Taj Mahal Shuts down amid coronavirus fears: [removed]. India has tested barely 9000 people despite having at least 300000 kits . Will know if India is going through community transmission of Covid19 ICMR. No hugs for steady hands who control coronavirus in Kerala. Learn here how to connect global health crisis to religion. NAMASTE CoronaVirus sey bachney ka Indian Tareeka ft. Baba Sehgal. Indians who are social distancing do you still have your domestic help maid/cleaner/cook working at your home : [removed]. COVID19 Complaint filed against Chinese President in Muzaffarpur court. Corona virus help finder: [deleted]. Corona Virus help finder: http//coronahelpfinder.herokuapp.com Hey guys as it was becoming very difficult to find labs clinics or hospitals which do the new Cororna virus test...i have created a web app for people to know where these tests are taking place in there state.... It tracks multiple gov websites and announcements so its always up to date i have also added some other useful information.... Using laws more than a century old never felt this good. This will save millions of lives.. Yes they know the best: [deleted]. I might have COVID19: My girlfriend26F who lives with me came back from a short trip 2 days from Dubai on 7th March and felt sick the next day. She suffered from diarrhoea amp vomiting. I29 M gave her medication and she was okay in some time. On 13th March 5 days after she arrived I felt tired as if I did not get enough sleep so I took a day off and slacked like a sloth. On 14th March I thought I was getting lazy I pull my socks up and try checking off items of my todo list. I accomplished very little in short dreamy sprints other times I felt like a zombie. So I decided to kill the bench press to keep myself fresh. So I did. And got some groceries and a kilogram of grapesthat I ate in a single sitting. 15th March Nagging pain in my throat developed at this point I blame the fucking grapes and body aches from the occasional working out begin to bother. My girlfriend complains of body aches and tells me she wasnt feeling great either. We decided to give ourselves a day. 16th March My girlfriend and I have dark circles body aches and fatigue accompanied by persistent throat pain. We decided to see the local doctor Dr. gave us some Azithromycin and asked us to see her again in 3 days. Also I work from home and my girlfriend is on vacation that ends tomorrow. We have no other symptoms I monitor our body temperature every couple of hours its normal. I wont be concerned if this happened to either of us but both have the same symptoms. I am worried for my girl neighbours and other folks living around me. The frail old man waiting in the doctor lobby haunts me. Folks I have never faced a moral dilemma of this magnitude I appreciate any advice folks.. India must start testing for coronavirus community transmission confirmed by WHO but gov denies. The situation is likely far worse than it seems.. CoronaVirus Pandemic in World Panic Economy Conspiration and Recovery .. Fantastic breakthrough by German scientists just published in Cell and today corroborated in PNASc that CoVID19 employs human TMPRSS2 protein for entry. Existing antiTMPRSS2 drug Camostat E64d blocked CoVID19 infection. It is apparently made by Sun Pharma in India and sold as Camopan.. One step back at the right time can save many lives. With the recent travel restrictions placed by India on 18/3/20 is it okay if i board my flight on 17/3/20 and arrive on the 18th: I am an Indian student studying in the UK and wanted to come back to India Since there arent any flights available that arrive before 18th I was wondering if it would be fine if I board a flight on the 17th and arrive on the 18th.. How are you staying safe from the COVID19 Share your preventive measures and/or follow what others are doing to stay safe.: [removed]. Corona Virus can not be transmitted via cooked food source linked in comments.. When they accept that blankets arent washed for each trip. Gross.. Finally IR accepts not washing blankets on each ride.: [deleted]. Anyone knows the details about the travel restrictions on 18/3/2020: So people from Eu or Uk cant come to India after 18th even Indian citizens . So far there hasnt been any more details about the restrictions. As an Indian studying in the UK I have no idea if I can go back to India before 18th.. [OC] Current COVID19 cases in India [Date 16/03/2020]. [OC] Current COVID19 Case Distribution in India [Date till 16/03/2020]. BMC orders private firms to work only at 50 of capacity as coronavirus count rises. Covid19 India bars entry of passengers from EU UK Turkey from 1831 March The latest directives will make it difficult for Indians returning back from EU UK and Turkey. [Request] Please get this dubbed in Hindi and share as awareness. Digital awareness is clearly a better way and need of the hour. Whats your strategy. The book The Eyes of Darkness predicted Coronavirus in 1981: [deleted]. [MEME] I can already see the headlines. Taking clues from Prime Minister. First hand account of 14 year old in isolation centre in Narela 16th March 0943pm. COVID19 Rajnikanth: [removed]. Rajnikanth tested positive for COVID19 Now they have to Quarantine coronavirus for next 14 days. One thing Coronavirus has proved is that Science is bigger than Religion: [removed]. First coronavirus positive case reported in Gurugram india news. Coronavirus be like. Coronavirus No move yet to impose Sec. 144 in Pune. Delhis first nowrecovered COVID19 patient shares his experience. BMC orders private firms to work only at 50 of their capacity: BMC orders private firms to work only at 50 of their capacity https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/bmcordersprivatefirmstoworkonlyat50oftheircapacity/articleshow/74661516.cms. WHO said TestTest Test is while Narendar Chanchal launched Kitho aaya Corona: Just now WHO came out and said all the nations should test relentlessly. Their simplest message was TEST TEST TEST In the meanwhile Narinder Chanchal famous in India for his Bhajans launched Kitho aaya corona. If you see the music video you will see heavily decked up women and men sitting together without any social distancing. https//youtu.be/fpQGCnWas98 This video gives me all the more chills to believe that India doesnt get it. It is going to get further worse.. Corona/Covid Testing rates compared India vs World article in comments.. Kerala charges case against 70 people who reached airport to welcome a reality star: [removed]. People are selling a black mask claiming it is useful against coronavirus COVID19. They are selling it in Mumbai local train amp outside Mumbai amp NaviMumbai side. If anyone knows any who can take action notify them. DO NOT USE LOCAL BLACK MASK.. Dashboard for tracking COVID19 in India: We created a dashboard for tracking the COVID19 cases in India. Our main objective was to stop panic and rumours and provide accurate data about the Corona Virus. Remember to wash your hands and avoid public places. Be safe everyone https//covidout.in/. What is corona virus corona virus kya hai. Can Cow Urine cure Coronavirus DeshBhakt Tonic with Sarthak Goswami. World Health Organization says some nations arent running enough coronavirus tests Test every suspected case. The Curious Case of the Deaths That Werent Due to COVID19 Indian government agencies have often deployed syntactic tricks to hide the true scale of infectious disease.. Indian households will actually start going haywire when the maids stop coming.: [removed]. What the heck is happening to the sanitizer supply: The coronavirus driven sanitizer buying spree started two weeks ago and since then most of the shops near my house incl Apollo and other chains have basically stopped keeping hand sanitizers in stock. Like not even a single bottle has been sold by them they are claiming in the last two weeks. And I find this highly suspicious. Now I do agree theres a shortage in the market but the stocks are simply not turning up. In a real world scenario there would be stocks coming in and disappearing within minutes or hours but in this case theres no stock or so they claim. Is is actually a shortage or someone is hoarding the stuff to sell in black These bottles have mrps so they cant be legally sold at a higher price at least not by chain pharmacies like Apollo. So where the heck is the supply They cant be sold in hospitals 70 v/v commercial products in small bottles wont be useful in hospitals as they need bulk supplies in bigger volume bottles. Also just to provide context Im trying to buy a few bottles for my maid and cook to help them keep their families safe. Ive given them option to go for indefinite paid leave which they are refusing to take because they dont want us to eat outside food. They are still taking the risk to come to work even when they have elderly at their homes. So this is the least I could do for them before things escalate. Last option is to make one using ipa/glycerine/aloevera gel but I dont trust the quality of the stuff being sold online.. Meanwhile in India some of the people assigned to take care of the patients flee away after results come out. What the........ WTF https//www.thequint.com/news/india/iskconmumbaiputsgaumutraonvisitorshandswithoutpermissioncoronavirus. What will be the scenario in India We already have highest unemployment rate in decades right now.. GyanGangaRiverOfKnoledge. Indian Air Force rescuing Indians stuck in Iran.. Covid19 India bans entry of travellers from 32 European countries Turkey india news. How can poor people/lower middle class people prepare: [removed]. India Send Doctors To Iran. Mizoram Government suspends classes for all educational institutions for the rest of the month.. People who returned to India by air travel in the past few days whats the screening process for COVID19: My aunt is returning to India from UAE. Her work visa is coming to an end so shes returning by the first week of April.. Can Indian nationals travel from EU/UK to India: [removed]. Everything is closed Mitro. With 39 Coronavirus Cases Maharashtra Is Staring At Community Transmission. Coronavirus India is closing schools universities gyms museums cultural and social centres swimming pools and theatres. If you dont test enough people you will not find out the extent of the outbreak Medanta CMD Dr Naresh Trehan on CoronavirusOutbreak.. Coronavirus Tracker Microsoft Launches COVID19 tracking website. Lack of testing kits understaffed hospitals COVID exposes Indias crumbling healthcare system. Indian doctors with the lab they sent to Iran to help Indian nationals and the locals. Quick question about traveling from UK: My friend who studies in UK is coming back from UK in 3 days due to the virus spreading there quickly and was wondering if people are still being allowed back into the country. Im guessing since hes a student and not a tourist hell be allowed back but can someone please confirm it for me. Thanks a lot. Siba Mohanty on TwitterAn incentive of Rs 15k will be given to people travelling from overseas into the State to register themselves and for home isolation. Warning Some strong language. India donates a Coronavirus testing lab to Iran by bringing the entire lab as cargo on their C17 Globemaster III. This belongs here. 4 Arrested For Locking Up Couple In Flat Who Were Under SelfQuarantine. Agra DM wants FIR against Bengaluru techies wife family. This is what we need right now. Please share it as much as possible.... Telangana sets up facilities people flying in from 7 countries to be kept in quarantine. You want us to stay home Pass a temporary law to halt companies from charging us interest lowering credit and demanding bill payment. Im not risking my life for bills.: I might die and my family might get infected but thank god I gave my money to another rich corporate CEO right now Edit Please copy and paste the title of this post into your other social media if you agree not interested in credit or tag it as anonymous. No stopping a wide outbreak of this. If 400000 people agree who cares where the source is. Does anyone realistically thinks universities are going to open anytime soon: Earlier date given was 31st March. Now Wesy Bengal has declared Universities to be closed till 15th April.. Well Well Well.. . It appears a lockdown is imminent. What items should we stock up on before it happens: This is in continuation of my previous post. Since the time I posted that talk of a lockdown has only gotten stronger with many journaliststhey arent verified so I cant link talking about drastic measures that are about to come soon. I think it is time we start preparing for a scenario where we have to stay inside our homes for atleast one month. What do you guys suggest ought to be bought and stored in preparation. Mumbai Govt taking all measures to educate Mumbaikar Building is Heera Panna Apartment. Whatsapp forward detailing how make sanitizer and masks at home. Also busts some Coronavirus myths.. The fundamental problem with self quarantine in India.: [removed]. Talent emerging out amidst all the chaos and panic Corona song. Whatsapp forward detailing how make sanitizer and masks at home. Also busts some Coronavirus myths.. Chhattisgarh Govt conducts raids to check hoarding of sanitisers mask Raipur News Times of India. USA Population Needs To Fight Coronavirus As A Team. Coronavirus Chhattisgarh Assembly budget session adjourned till March 25. Coronavirus scare Multiplexes closed in Chhattisgarh till March 31 Raipur News Times of India. Coronavirus Bangalore case Wife fatherinlaw of Google techie booked under Epidemics Act. Indians using jet sprays was always better.. Hundreds of Hindus hold cow urine drinking party in the belief it can fight off coronavirus. Must watch even after virus fear the religious activities did not stoped. Smartlocking India India has political will resources to shut down country intelligently to counter coronavirus spread. N95 masks were out of stock so....lol. South Korea Discovers Main Carrier Group South Korean researchers have discovered the 2029 age group are the primary carriers of COVID19. Due to their age they may not show obvious symptoms and are thus dangerous carriers who silently infect the communities they frequent.. One of coworkers is arguing in office that if you have immunity to chicken pox youre more to COVID19: Based of some WhatsApp forward of an interview with some doctor. I believe this entirely false but just out of curiosity can you have immunity to something without you being infected. Help Fight COVID19 / Coronavirus . The Insanity Has Reached A New Level: [removed]. Calling volunteers COVID19 India Support Handbook: I am starting a crowdsourced handbook of India specific data and resources related to COVID19 [https//docs.google.com/document/d/1cT69NNAOD98OPCWblmP4XQ\S6VFvCJKDZTTHwN7kZCc/edit]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1cT69NNAOD98OPCWblmP4XQS6VFvCJKDZTTHwN7kZCc/edit This is based on a UK project which is gaining a fair bit of traction [https//coronavirustechhandbook.com/]https//coronavirustechhandbook.com/ Right now the doc is pretty bare bones and not yet associated with a domain name. Looking for active volunteers who can help edit and add content to the page. This project is intended to add the power of crowdsourcing to QUICKLY create a useful resource to tackle the COVID19 issue in the Indian context. Time is of the essence here. Looking to build on good work others are doing e.g. [covidindia.org]https//covidindia.org. Specific areas of immediate work include filling out existing linked sheets in the document and adding social media support FB/Instagram. Volunteers are welcome to link other relevant and verifiable data and resources to the document. I have been especially impressed by the following efforts at community level organization in the US and UK [https//docs.google.com/document/d/101hAWGpF4kowM1k2KkHgY5yjpKTvErCGa2FTEg3mGu4/edit]https//docs.google.com/document/d/101hAWGpF4kowM1k2KkHgY5yjpKTvErCGa2FTEg3mGu4/edit [https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/117ukLjXiz8EfMjPq9Aiu5XepQ39XK1W4DTMsE87llw/editgid0]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/117ukLjXiz8EfMjPq9Aiu5XepQ39XK1W4DTMsE87llw/editgid0 I firmly believe that given the underpreparedness of the healthcare system for the incoming s\\\storm community level organization is essential to scale the response in India. This handbook is an attempt at what can be done by the power of the internet and people with good intentions. If you would like to contribute jump right in to a topic of your choice on the page. If you dont see what you want reflected on the handbook add a new section Note that validating other peoples edits can be an equally important contribution in this critical issue. Happy editing.. Coronavirus in India live updates Total number of coronavirus cases in India rises to 114 4 new positive cases of coronavirus reported in Maharashtra. As we all are getting two weeks off... This is the mood.... India needs to survive despite Government efforts not because of it: TLDR Please for the love of god if you can stay home This has always been the case and this event is not going to be any different. Lets stop with this constant bashing of the government not doing enough because we all know the government isnt going to do anything. Major task We need to gather up Insta influencers YouTube celebs FB group admins WhatsApp admins Telegram admins Meetup groups and what not we need them all. We have to tell people to stay the fuck home. We need to ask them to share this as much as possible Wash your hands and stay home. We need graphic designers and local language experts to come up with cute and simple pictures which can be shared across all mediums. Major points This disease is especially lethal for the elderly and people with pre existing conditions such as Diabetes and Hypertension well guess what nearly all of our parents have that pre existing condition. If possible please dont go out if you have to go out use your own vehicle if you cannot please wear a mask. Force your HR to start thinking about whats going to happen if people start getting sick from this and constitute a WFH policy. We cannot wait until our loved ones start suffering from this and then only we start. Italy made this mistake we can stop it. I know some of you would mention in the comments about how were not testing and are already probably worse than Italy right now well fuck off. The time is to think about solutions we know were not testing lets get over it please until you yourself can do something about increasing the testing rate stop commenting the same thing again and again. Whatever the case the only thing we as individuals can do right now is social distancing. At least start doing that. Stop meeting your friends stop going to beaches Just today I saw a picture of a crowded Juhu beach stop going to bars restaurants pubs stop traveling for fuck sake. Yes I know there will be fringe groups drinking cow piss and doing what not stop sharing them share actual information which will help. We cannot let this spread in India fuck it if the higher ups are not doing anything at least we can do something.. Showerthought Looks like Andaman amp Nicobar islands is one of the few places which are and will remain safe from coronavirus infection.: AFAIK 99.9 population of the island is indigeneous sentinal tribe the remaining must be the indian officials staying there at some naval base.. Coronavirus In Maharashtra Mindspace Airoli in Navi Mumbai to be Evacuated and Being Sanitised after One Employee of Majesco Found COVID19 Positive as Per Reports. Coronavirus II Last Week Tonight with John Oliver. Double immunity . Why hasnt government set up any testing camps on the streets: So my sister lives in Qatar and there they are setting up screening camps even on the streets where you can get tested for the virus. In Madhya Pradesh not a single case has been registered so far because there has been no testing here. Now I refuse to admit that there are no positive cases here. It is such a big state and i dont see any measures taken by anyone here. No TESTS ANYWHERE There should be camps out there in every locality for testing. That should be the need of the hour The government is doing nothing only following the common protocol which would do nothing when it comes to stop the spread of the virus. They are only testing people with travel history. Why arent there any camps on the streets We are doomed. 11 Coronavirus suspects flee from a hospital in Maharashtra. Kerala earns praise from BBC panel for efficiently handling coronavirus cases. Its not just in India. [Greek Orthodox church says holy cup cannot carry disease allows congregations to share spoon.]. LPT You can press to skip Corona message during call: [removed]. Its not just in India. Screening at Airports and Follow up Action: We are told that there is strict screening in all airports international arrivals and now the domestic ones too . But today heard from friends one who flew in to Delhi and another who took a Chennai flight that there was no screening . What have been your experiences or that of your friends and family . Is the screening and followup action on Does this include domestic airports also Which airports are following protocol . Look forward to hearing. Villagers panic after teacher spreads fake news about COVID19 in Odisha. Lord Krishna. Coronavirus After doctor tests positive Keralas SCTIMST heads for shutdown Doctor worked in the Hospital for over a week before being diagnosed.. Why next 30 days are important for India. Next two weeks are bloody crucial for India. A must read thread from Italy. Indian Distributor Retailer wanted Surgical/3M/N95 Mask. Test Kit: [removed]. Odisha has reported its first case of the virus.: Odisha on Monday reported its first case where a man has tested positive for coronavirus. According to a press briefing given by the governments designated spokesperson Subroto Bagchi The patient is a 33yearold man who had returned from Italy where he was a research scholar. The man reached Delhi on March 6 after which he took a train and reached Bhubaneswar on March 12. He consulted with a private physician on March 13 was admitted on March 14 and on Sunday night the government received a report showing him to be tested positive for Corona. The good news is there are no complications and he is stable said Bagchi.. Kerala releases COVID19 route maps to track the spread of the virus. No gaumutra in sight. These 14 easily available plants will help you prevent coronavirus. Indias coronavirus testing rates are among the lowest in the world. ICMR intensifies random testing to check for covid19. 4 Muslims Returned From Dubai Refused To Undergo Coronavirus Test Because Islam Did Not Permit Medical Tests.. Amid Growing Shortage Kerala Shop Sells Masks for Rs 2. How Prepared Is India to Control the COVID19 Pandemic. Information about facemasks gloves sanitizers and where they are sold reasonably priced. Please mention such sources and location city etc.: I was looking for masks in Chennai and even the 5 rs surgical masks are being sold for 40 bucks now. So lets hope people are buying them inspite of it being ridiculously overpriced. I luckily have some better masks got for an asthmatic family member. So if you guys have information on non profits or good pharmacies and NGOs who are keeping a supply to sell at reasonable prices it would be good to list them out here. Ideally the government should take steps to ensure that all communities are at least provided with masks free of cost but no chance of that happening soon looks like.. Indian Government Masterstroke. Prachin durlabh upchaar. Karnataka CM attends grand wedding despite issuing order to ban large gatherings. How seriously are 1 You 2 People around you in your opinion are taking corona virus and maintaining social distancing: [removed]. How to deal with social distancing.. See how Coronavirus has spread throughout the globein this visual data animation.. How to deal with social distancing.. 20 Dubaibound passengers detained at Kochi airport after UK national tests ve for COVID19. Face masks help in the fight against Coronavirus. Stop believing Western and American experts who discourage people from using masks. People should be encouraged to wear masks in public as much as possible in India.: The amount of nonsense article from American media and experts in general discouraging people not to wear face masks is ridiculous . Stuff like these [Forbes]https//www.forbes.com/sites/tarahaelle/2020/02/29/noyoudonotneedfacemasksforcoronavirustheymightincreaseyourinfectionrisk/26db1a6d676c [CDC specifically not recommending them for healthy people trying to protect against COVID19]https//www.forbes.com/sites/tarahaelle/2020/02/29/noyoudonotneedfacemasksforcoronavirustheymightincreaseyourinfectionrisk/26db1a6d676c Yet compare that with South Korea which is the country that most effectively combating the spread of Coronavirus. The Govt is not only insisting everyone going out in public wear masks but also has already starting rationing it to the [public.]https//www.wsj.com/articles/southkorearationsfacemasksincoronavirusfight11584283720 And according to Chinese media Masks played a big part in controlling coronavirus. In most regions in China wearing mask is [mandatory]http//www.xinhuanet.com/english/202002/08/c138766346.htm Even if Masks arent foolproof they are effective at capturing droplets which is a main transmission route of coronavirus and some studies have estimated a roughly fivefold protection versus no barrier alone. And more importantly gtDavid Hui a respiratory medicine expert at the Chinese University of Hong Kong who studied the 2002 to 2003 outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS extensively says its common sense that wearing a mask would protect against infectious diseases like COVID19. gtIf you are standing in front of someone who is sick the mask will give some protection Hui says. The mask provides a barrier from respiratory droplets which is predominantly how the virus spreads. gtHe also says that the role of a face mask may be especially important in the epidemic due to the nature of the virus. Patients with COVID19 often have mild or even no symptoms and some researchers believe it can also be transmitted when patients are asymptomaticmeaning patients can be contagious and dont know theyre sick. Particularly in India with our population density encouraging wearing of masks will help combat the slowdown of Virus. So its galling and insane to see people here in this sub and social media equating all these experts and asking people not to wear masks. Even if you dont have a N95 maskswhich are not affordable to most of Indians anyway using regular masks still effective to a large extent.. Coronavirus 20 passengers evacuated at Kochi airport after man who tested positive found on flight. Indian opposition parties should learn a thing or two from Singapore. Heres an excerpt from Singapores opposition MP during the ongoing parliament session. Classy. Indian opposition parties should learn a thing or two from Singapore. Heres an excerpt from Singapores opposition MP during the ongoing parliament session. Classy. Huh. I saw facts check claiming this was fake news.. Kerala Gets Prisoners in Jails to Make Face Masks to Solve Shortage among Coronavirus Crisis. These simulations show how to flatten the coronavirus growth curve. Italys Coronavirus journey. How did it get this much worse and why we should all take as much precautions as we can.. Been scratching head about the socalled Indian Immunity could it be.....: that basically the virus cannot make it in India That the environment is so packed with all sorts of badass bugs microbes pathogens that this coldlike virus out of China just sort of get slapped to death Anyone can provide a more cogent or sciencebased explanation . Coronavirus Suspects With No Foreign Travel Turned Back By Delhi Hospitals. A data visualisation of the fatality rate of COVID19 compared to other viruses and diseases based on fatality rates when left untreated. Puts everything in perspective.... [OC] What ChineseMade Voice Assistant AI Software Tells Us During the Corona Virus Scare : Startling Discovery Are Your Household ChineseMade Voice Assistant Appliances Telling The Truth About Where the Corona Virus Started 1 Amazon Alexa boasted that China discovered it first as if its patentable 2 Google Voice Assistant gave me an outlandish Conspiracy Theory 3 Microsoft Cortana was high on something amp gave me BS but only Apple Siri gave me an AllSubstanceampNoNonsense answer https//preview.redd.it/hfdpbipfywm41.jpgwidth3436ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps0de21a37c37814986968f4e1927ef3697b6ee189. How low IQ do you have to be to think cow piss will protect you from corona . COVID19 Update SAP Concur Extends TripIt Pro to Help All Travelers. This sanitizer isnt what it seems question is whether it works at all. More in comments.. The government needs to expand the criteria for testing.: I have a travel history of Germany and Poland. I have returned yesterday. I want to get myself tested but I cant because I dont have any symptoms. What worries me is that as per reports 20 cases have no to extremely mild symptoms. I dont know what to do about this. As per my knowledge only two places in Delhi have the kits and both are government owned.. Ultraviolet radiation for sanitizing objects: Does the virus get killed by uv radiation Was thinking of running stuff like food laundry and packages under a uv lamp to sanitize them.. Times of India falsely blames woman for spreading virus in 3 cities after fleeing Bangalore. If you get access to a hand sanitizer place it right next to the main entrance inside.: Hand sanitizer is in short supply these days. If you do get access to one instead of hoarding it for your family members place a bottle right in front of your main entrance so that whoever enters the house sees it first before anything else. Put up a printed notice in local language to use it immediately before locking the door. Also to leave the shoes outside. Theres a good chance that your maid cook or even family members might carry it inside. The main entrance door knob is one of the most vulnerable surfaces for contamination. Make sure to rinse asap. Soap water works better. In case of unavailability of sanitizer put up the notice for the guests to immediately wash their hands before touching anything in the house not even the door knob. The reason I recommend using the sanitizer is that the guest might contaminate the inside door knob as the default reaction is to close the door behind them asap. The virus is reported to survive for days on metallic surfaces. And as you go to open the door you might catch it by touching the inside door knob. So take precaution.. Hindu Group Hold A Cow Urine Party To Fight Coronavirus. So c.m of Telangana and C.M of A.P said take paracetamol for caronavirus and I am losing my shit.: Heres are the quotes from websites CM YS Jagan Mohan Reddy made clear that the virus is not that danger which can be cured with a paracetamol tablet The Chief Minister said that recently an expert on COVID 19 had assured that the virus perishes in temperatures above 22 degree Celsius and a prescription of Paracetamol will give relief. The temperature in Telangana is now above 30 degrees Celsius and there is little chance of the virus to survive under such conditions Heres the truth French minister suggested paracetamol for fever instead of ibuprofen. Heres the quote Taking antiinflammatory drugs ibuprofen cortisone ... could be an aggravating factor for the infection. If you have a fever take paracetamol I just cant take it anymore. I want to get out of here as soon as possible. Big problem is people are actually believing that paracetamol is cure.. In the midst of Coronavirus outbreak this Twitter account is posting positive developments and news regarding COVID19 virus around the globe with legitimate sources. An effort to not let the positive developments go unnoticed on the web. Please follow and support. TheWellWishers. I am up for 12 long ass weeks as everyone in my company got asked to work from home due to coronavirus. Those in similar situation how are you dealing with it: Thing about wfh is that you do it for a day or two its fun but I cannot handle 12 whole weeks of staying at home. I love to interact with friends and colleagues at work and otherwise. Just thinking about the next two weeks at home is driving me crazy How are you guys dealing with this social distancing stuff P.S. I am not saying that social distancing is not necessary it absolutely is but its a little hard to take.. Italy hits oneday record with 368 new coronavirus deaths AFP news agency. I made a COVID19 visualizer by district for India. Requesting Feedback.: Hi everyone Im a undergraduate student and along with two others and the guidance of a PhD Professor weve made a COVID19 visualizer by district for India. One big issue that we found with the news articles/ministry of health data was that it was primarily state wise and that was giving people incorrect views. Instead we felt that itd be better to have a district vizualizer that showed the severity of the situation. Its been less than a day since weve deployed it and were looking for feedback and asking you to share our link. Any criticism feedback or suggestions is largely appreciated. At this point in time our ToDo List includes infected counter and cured counter at the bottom and recent updates by district. [covindia]https//covindia.netlify.com Thanks a ton for your time and be safe. In the midst of people trying to make money from COVID19. Theres people like him.. Coronavirus Corona Pyaar Hai amp More Registered as Film Titles. CORONAUNMASKED Shocking If True Corona Virus Outbreak. Baroda Citys Member of Parliament doing pooja for Corona... I am totally losing faith in this country. Have any OCI card holders taken a flight to India from LHR since 13 March: I would love to know your experience and if theyre letting nonIndian passport holders through ampx200B Thanks. Considering how reluctant and ignorant we are right now. I want to say a few things.: So someone I know is going to attend a wedding in Delhi I tried to explain this person but it didnt work. Apparently the marriage is way to important for him to miss. More important that the lives of thousands of people. Okay right now the situation might seem like its not a big deal but if we continue the way we are right now this can become way more dangerous that you think. Indians will suffer a lot. Dont wait for the pandemic to start avoiding unnecessary travels and commutes. Remember prevention is better than cure. An infected cough or sneeze at a highly crowded place is enough to turn things upside down after that chain reaction will take care of infecting thousands of humans and things will get absolutely out of control before you even realize it and at the point if time even the most overkill measures will be inadequate. Also there is a big difference between bravery and stupidity. Thinking yourself as too strong or immune to virus is stupidity and you being stupid is making it difficult to contain the virus which means you are putting a lot of lives in danger. Where as people trying to fight the situation day and night putting there lives at risk for the sake of humanity is what defines bravery. So just dont make this hard for them. Make rational decisions stay informed stay cautious and you will be fighting for the lives of thousands of people. Good Luck. Gaumutra party in India why Dont try this please.. PM Modi gives introductory speech in SAARC nations videos conference on COVID19. PM Modi proposes emergency funds for pandemic COVID19 in SAARC nations video conference. Want your sanitizer to last beyond the expiry date. Simple Put up a sticker and change the expiry date. While you are at it change the price too to earn more profit. Its a win win situation.. The actual truth about the situation.: Corona virus situation in India It is probably in a very very bad state. Let us start by an example. A person from Google Bangalore already tested positive. Lets say he went to KFC and a person X got the virus from him. They dont know each other. Person X I have all symptoms of corona I want to get tested Officials Did you travel to any of the affected countries recently Person X No I did not leave India in last 6 months Officials Are you in close contact with anyone who recently came back from affected countries. Like friends family colleagues etc. Person X No not that I know of Officials Okay then you cannot be tested for corona Person X But I have all the symptoms Officials But you dont qualify our criteria Not a joke. That is exactly how the rules are today. The protocol says people who have travelled to affected countries recently or who have contact history with such travellers and have symptoms of the disease thats and condition Person X with all symptoms will go free 100s others might get it from him but none of them qualify the criteria to get tested. The number of cases in India is low We did a good job at containing the virus so far All cases in India are related to foreign travellers Really Number of positive cases is a function of number of tests made. Think of it even if everyone in India has the virus if zero tests are performed then there will be zero identified cases. So the real question is How many tests did India do As of March 9th India tested 5255 samples in total. For comparison Italy did 60000 10X South Korea did 210000 35X For every million population South Korea did 4100 tests. India did 5. Can you believe that There are possibly 1000s of people out in the wild right now spreading it to even more people. I saw this first hand USA took the same exact approach. They tested only people with travel history and the number of cases were less. Around March 1st they changed their rules of who can be tested and all of a sudden it is exploding. On March 1 USA had 75 confirmed cases On March 14 USA had 2800 confirmed cases By March end prediction USA will have 20000 cases. Personally I think the officials know what they are doing. They are trying to keep the count low to reduce panic and they are hoping the summer will reduce the spread of virus. I dont have faith in this approach and I am worried. On Feb 24th Italy identified just 220 cases Today March 14th Italy identified 21000 cases Thats just 20 days apart. India as a country has very very little time to act. If the summer does halt the spread or if all of what I said above is wrong well and good. But what if thats not the case Take into account the population of India our already overcrowded healthcare system. Press release stating the number of tests India did https//www.icmr.nic.in/sites/default/files/pressrealeasefiles/PressRelease09Mar20204PMIST.pdf Amazing image put together by Scroll https//s01.sgp1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/inline/qoxkehxifv1584107629.png Must read open letter from Italy to rest of the world https//left.it/2020/03/13/covid19openletterfromitalytotheinternationalscientificcommunity. PM Modis interaction with SAARC leaders on fighting Coronavirus. Its gonna get very bad for us. Why arent people worried about it. Coronavirus Mumbai invokes section 144 to ban group tours. PM Modi proposes creation of emergency fund for COVID19 offers USD 10 million. Indias Low Number Of Coronavirus Cases Could Be Result Of Low Testing. Found this video about Covid19 in youtube. Just wanted to share with fellow Indians.. Track CoronaVirus outbreak in India in realtime Mobile web app: [removed]. Anybody that knows all there is about the quarentine of the states due to corona: Tommorow parents teacher meeting was about to take place but we thought it was cancelled due to the decleration but thos mfs are still holding it how is that possible. How to stay safe from corona virus. We need more Coronavirus Testing Test Test Test: [removed]. cuz of corona spreadin i wasnt able to celebrate my sisters bday nicely... so i made this for her instead . Heartbreaking Pictures Show Quarantined Kerala Man Watching His Fathers Funeral From Hospital. There is an audio message going on whatsapp about how the government is going to put a ban on air travel in 5 days and the source is from Ministry of Health. Any truth to the story: Could someone in right contacts get it confirmed or debunked My first and lasting reaction is that its one of the hoax of whatsapp wildfire. Would like to know about its authenticity.. Corona virus precautions. From todays Hindu check the poster in the background. Corona Go Go Karun Remix ft. Ramdas Athavle. Breaking News. At least they are trying. COVID19 India tracker:  Created a portal to track the numbers and patientwise details of the COVID19 infections in India. We are preparing a live database to collect as much information as possible regarding each patient and the clusters formed in this [Google Sheet]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nzXUdaIWC84QipdVGUKTiCSc5xntBbpMpzLm6Si33zk/edituspsharing. Doing this from the start of this epidemic will be valuable data in future. Portal Link [https//www.covid19india.org/]https//www.covid19india.org/ We are looking for collaborators in collecting and sanitizing the details as well as developers who can contribute. Lets work together and stay safe to get over this.  ESSENTIALS. I strongly believe self quarantine at this moment is no shame but how do I explain this to my relatives: Myself and my wife are coming to India on in 3 days. As a precautionary we decided that will quarantine ourselves for 2 weeks once we come. We informed our parents both sides to not welcome us and stay away from us for next 23 weeks. But what have they done Almost 20 of them have come together and preparing a grand welcome for us. Many of them are 60 They are planning to stay with for next 2 weeks and enjoy with us I am unable to explain them the severity of the situation. I got frustrated and even scolded all of them. I am receiving replies from everyone like it is disrespectful to with elders like that. you should never say no when someone is warmly welcoming you we have medicines and we know how to take care of it. PM MODI LIVE ADDRESSING ABOUT CORONA VIRUS:  https//www.pscp.tv/w/cTy6zXR3LTExODI3OTA0NDA1NjQ3ODkyNDh8MWVhS2JRZVFOYmp4WG6KRWbZ4GLkz43UDpiTr8RrTs6BqIZ6nBoMDPOVIagt1m. PM MODI LIVE ADDRESSING ABOUT CORONA VIRUS: [removed]. There are no sanitizers available in any bigger Metro cities right now. The store managers claim that they have no response from sanitizer companies.: [removed]. Please step up when someone tries justifying assault on doctors in this country.. When even the CM cancels rally due to Corona but the neighborhood people....Also the Forced Labor...: [removed]. Companies switch to Work from home. IITMadras student plays corona prank on bus passengers. World leaders laud PM Modis initiative Australia welcomes PM Modis calls for G20 linkup as well. Coronavirus Playlist ported to our own Gaana.com: Songs taken from various Spotify playlists. Still taking suggestions. Enjoy WFH [Coronavirus Playlist Gaana]https//gaana.com/playlist/rachitajitsariacoronavirusmwqgmqdbkq. Coronavirus LIVE updates Cases in India rise to 107 passenger onboard Dubaibound flight from Kochi tests positive. CoVId test. Islamic State asks terrorists to avoid travel to coronavirusaffected countries wash hands. Decoding how much is India prepared to fight the pandemic COVID19. India State govts to bear hospital cost for Covid19 patients. What are the expected outcomes of SAARC nations video conference over COVID19. Relocating with elderly parents Travel advice needed during CoVid outbreak: I have recently gotten a job in my hometown and the joining for that will be first week of next month. I am currently in Maharashtra where the Corona virus outbreak is quite significant. The problem is i will be shifting in with my parents both over 70. While i dont have any symptoms of Coronavirus yet I am worried that somehow my parents may get infected since elderly people are more susceptible to it and my parents have underlying health conditions also high bp cardiac issues. Ill be travelling by flight from Pune. What precautions can i take to keep my parents safe Any advice is welcome. Doctor from UP explaining the exact symptoms of Coronavirus. UK National Coronavirus patient slips out of quarantine boards KochiDubai flight 289 passengers deplaned. 30 beds We in Goa are safe /s. Uttarakhand govt shuts schools colleges amp cinema halls over coronavirus fear: State Govt to shut all multiplexes cinema halls degree colleges and technical institutes across the state till March 31 Under the Epidemic Diseases Act 1897 the Centre has authorised state governments to take preventive measures to control the spread of coronavirus state government spokesperson and Urban Development Minister Madan Kaushik said. There have been no confirmed cases of COVID19 in the state. [https//theprint.in/india/uttarakhandgovtshutsschoolscollegescinemahallsovercoronavirusfear/381376/]https//theprint.in/india/uttarakhandgovtshutsschoolscollegescinemahallsovercoronavirusfear/381376/. Ramdev Use any cleansing agent do pranayama to keep your system strong etc. If it were a foreigner/certified person saying this it would have a better psychological effect . Your take : I dont drink cow urine and not asking you to start doing shit but there are things to extract from our tradition and also filter out propoganda and stupid shit we have been doing from centuries.. So the other user mentioned how the world is mocking us for using gaumutra to fight Corona. Zee News and Baba Ramdev are pitching their Ayurvedic solutions to cure Corona with Desi solutions. This is worse than Telebrands and why dont we already ban Zee News who fucks our image globally. Balaji Viswanathans response to Jim ONeills statement on Coronavirus: [removed]. Balaji Viswanathans response to Jim ONeills statement on Coronavirus: [removed]. Cow Dung is the best preventive for Coronavirus . Vegetarian food Indian immunity wont prevent Covid19 says Anand Krishnan. Dont forget to close your taps: Just a kind reminder regarding the current situation. Im all for washing hands and keeping yourself as germ free as possible. But please when youre washing your hands during that 20 second break whatever song youre singing to keep a track of the time that passes please pretty please close your taps. If there wont be any water how are you going to wash your hands to stay safe from Corona Thank you.. Madness in the name of Religion is everywhere. After gomutra in India Blood of Jesus in west. Religious fanatics never fails to amaze.. College not following Haryana lockdown due to Covid19: [removed]. India Evacuates 211 Students From Italy In Air India Flight. Aussies in India: Trying to reach out to other Australians currently travelling in India to see what their situation/plans going ahead are. Guy is there any chance the country might go into lockdown in the coming week: Last night I received [this audio message]https//vocaroo.com/d95xafML5HO over whatsapp. A woman claims her father is an army doctor and the governemnt is about lockdown the entire country and build quarantine zones everywhere. While I am not the one to believe stuff without verification the recent news that the Patient zero [travelled through Delhi metro and might have come into contact with 813 people]https//www.hindustantimes.com/delhinews/infecteddelhimancameincontactwith813people/storyCBg5WkpuXhVgWNNfZ3lJKK.html has me worried. Calls for a Italy like total shutdown seem to be growing among influential policymaker types on twitter Im right now in Delhi I am student and live in hostel. DU has shut classes till 31 March. till now ee have not been told to vacate but I feel in a situation where things come to halt we might have issues getting food in the hostel mess. However the hostel is largely vacant now around 6070 of the students have gone home. I feel that I am safer here that I will be in a train/plane. The last thing I need is carrying the virus home and infecting my family. The only real issue here is food otherwise I can just lock myself inside my single seater room stay clean and not venture out till April. But now this news of a lockdown has me worried. What do you guy think I should do I have two options 1. Stay in my hostel lock myself in my room and try to ride this out. The only issue is if the hostel mess runs out of food. 2. Travel back home in a train. Risk being sneezed or coughed upon by someone and possibly carrying the virus home to my family. However once I get home Ill be better off my parents have stocked up on food and medicine.. N95 or N99 Masks for sale: [removed]. Congratulations India we are getting destroyed in Social Media and news all around the world showing our people bathing in cowdung and drinking Cow Urine for Coronavirus: Even though I myself and majority of us are sane enough to not do such things I cant even look through my Twitter feed seeing Indians mocked. I feel like puking just reading the image of our country. WHY Mr. 56 inch and Mr. Yogi could easily have shut such events down and avoided our country become the laughing stock of the world. For some reason I feel embarassed for their actions. Next time I travel abroad or chat with some foreign national I would hesitate to bring up my country in discussion. There is no hope left. Fuck this shit. So fucking depressing.. The other side of the coronavirus story. I have a cold not coronavirus that is a reassuring statement.. Corona Virus Se Kaise Bache Coronavirus In India How Dangerous is COVID19 . COVID19 Inmates of Kerala jails make face masks to tackle shortage.. Sanitizer selling for 500 rupees and rampant rise of fake sanitizers: [removed]. Can the closing down of schools and colleges cause reverse effects: People who went to study out of home in cities will now take this opportunity to go back home for the short holidays. They will use public transports we know how crowded they are in India from highrisk cities and then bring back the virus to small towns I am not saying stopping schools and colleges is a bad idea but it would be great if state borders were locked as well.. Nvidias calling on gaming PC owners to put their systems to work fighting COVID19. Domestic Travel Advisory for my grandma: [removed]. COVID19 and Indian Banks.: Amidst all the commotion and panic due to coronavirus colleges schools and cinema halls are closed as a precautionary measure to reduce the risk of spread of the virus. Banks are crowded with people from all walks of life and banks thus serve as a exchange ground for the virus. Not only the customers but bankers are also prone to infection. So why is it that State isnt issuing any notice for Banks . Wife of Bengaluru Google techie did not flee over coronavirus fears Karnataka govt. Indian news channels now covering Coronavirus in Pakistan: News 18 India is back in action. They have found a special report on Pakistan China relations. We ourselves are not in very good state corona wise but these guys are covering how bad conditions are with our neighbours. We Arent Scared We Have Gods Blessings BJPs Dilip Ghosh Downplays Coronavirus Threat. Bangalore Indiranagar pubs use loophole to stay open during Covid19 shutdown. IIT student plays Corona prank on bus passengers. India reaches out to Maldives sends three months medical supplies. India confirms first coronavirus death as horror of countrys mismanagement emerges. Bihar seems least agitated about coronavirus Goa most anxious India Today Full report in the comments. China is treating covid19 with large doses of vitC. Meat based diets lack vitC. The cure seems to be a plant based diet with emphasis on high doses of vitC 1500mg/kg body weight.. I live alone in Mumbai my parents live at our village house near Nasik I dont know what to do Should I stay here or go there: If I go then would public transport like a bus be safe Or would it be better to rent a car Also theres a guy who comes home to cook for the day every morning he travels by far by train and works at several houses in a similar manner and you know he might be coming across a bunch of people everyday and just about anyone could have the lethal sniffle and Im worried that staying here is just too much of a risk work also has not said anything about working from home or leaves just yet so I dont know what the scene there is bro but I dont mind abandoning and running fuck that shit I dont want to get stuck here starving with nothing in my village we probably have a years worth of anaj in the attic. Lol no offense to city folks but my village is where I think Id want to ride out a pandemic being in city feels like being a sitting duck I probably dont have more than a few days worth of supplies in my kitchen Im not sure if I should go stock up or not What do you guys reckon What if the cook stops coming Or shoud I tell him to stop coming since he could be risky to interact with Bros Im damn confused dont know what to do lol I think Im a bit extra paranoid because we all decided to smoke solo doobies so as to avoid passing each other the wuflu inadvertently. Also this could be considered a dumb question but I was talking to my friend and I was like would it be better if we stop smoking for a while until the fluhan virus goes away so that our lungs arent weak and shit and he goes bro smoking kills the virus we should infact smoke more so that the smoke goes inside and kills the fucking virus and Im like how do you know the smoke kills the virus He points at the sticker on the cigarette pack and says nigga it kills you what the fuck is a virus It will not survive in a smokey lung....so what do you guys think I think that is a borderline retarded thing to say but I could be wrong Take away from tonight though dont put as big a piece as you do when you smoke with a bunch of people in a joint you are going to be smoking alone. Like you know how before exams you get that tight feeling in your chest Im getting that feeling right now smokesmallerpieces rollsolodolos. Back from Qatar to See Ailing Dad Kerala Man Forced to Watch His Funeral on Video from Isolation Ward. Its a spartan life in quarantine for the virushit in Bengaluru. India has the lowest testing rates in the world for Corona virus i.e. 3 out of every 10 lakh people. Desi log stuck outside India especially in high risk places like US Europe and UK how are you dealing with the panicky and uncertain situation: I am a grad student in US. A week ago my university suspended all face to face classes except research activities. I started stocking up nonperishable food and essentials not in a super crazy scale like some citizens here went to lab for 23 days but eventually decided to not take risk with so much uncertainty around me and take a week off to stay at home until more things are clear. Some of my friends who are currently trying to stock up some essentials are finding most supermarts empty of all essentials. How are other desi people dealing with the situation outside India currently Life pro tips and advices to ensure a smooth and safe isolation greatly encouraged.. President Amrish Puri always has the right answer. OC. Has anyone from the UK with an OCI travelled to India today: Curious about this as my son is currently in India and Im afraid if I dont go now I may not see him for months. The embassy site says no but if we do travel then Ill be quarantined for 14 days in India if this is the case then what is the quarantine like. Any help on this would be so helpful.. Meanwhile Baba ramdev doing all the work. In the midst of Coronavirus outbreak I have created a Twitter handle that ONLY publishes Good News and findings regarding the virus with legitimate sources. Please share it among your family and loved ones and stay safe CoronaGoodNews. Corona virus tests conducted per 1 million people. India at lowest.. Techies Wife Fleeing Times of India Report: I have gone through multiples posts that frankly blame the Wife for being a moron Not sure If some has even found her identity and started harassing her. I went through a post here where a guy claimed he knew the couple and the news being spread is false from his version it seems like they went fora honeymoon to a few places. Yes Coronavirus was in the news but lets face it when they went and came back the shit storm was still many days away so were the lockdowns etc. And also based on his account the newly married bride visited her parents posthoneymoon. She was not showing any symptoms when she left and after her husband tested positive she did what needed to be done. Everything was planned well before. If the couples version of the story is true. Then is it really anybody fault I know a lot of ppl who are leaving Bangalore in trains and buses since the multiple MNCs have started asking employees to work from home. Also as for Times of India I know they did the whole Times of Boobs thing but if they are found to be at fault. What can we do to take action against shitty reporting Most media outlets are engaging in clickbait these days but this has gone way too far. In this case if the couples version is true they have downright bullshitted and lied for sensationalism and destroyed someones image... BTW I am not a Hindu but from I have seen I think its customary for the new bride to be at her parents house during major festivals. Am I wrong about this fact. Panic creating audio on whatsapp for Coronavirus: Just recieved an audio on whatsapp where a girl says she is a daughter of some high ranking official and her father told / she overheard in 5 days India will go in lockdown. Further flights will be cancelled and we only have 5 days to go home since we will be stuck where we are after that. It is scary and confusing if it is true. Any help Did anyone else also get it. How to keep coronavirus fears from affecting your mental health. Just landed at IGI from London: I was massively impressed by the measures taken at IGI for the coronavirus screening. I was at heathrow in London and its a day and night difference. People werent even wearing masks in London and the airport was just going about as usual. The numbers there just rose to 1k thankfully my uni allowed people to go home. Anyway the screening was quick and our contact details and home address were collected along with our screening details of our symptoms at the time. One copy was kept with the doctor and you were handed the other copy which you had to show at another check point before immigration where you finally handed it in. I feel a lot more safer here than I was in the UK thats for damn sure. There were many doctors present for the screening and almost every single employee at the airport was wearing a mask and/or gloves. If you showed that you had even a slightly higher temperature at the time of the screening you get taken for a blood test immediately.. I purchased N95 Mask for Rs.85 in 2017it is selling for Rs.300 in market right now.. Lets wait for 2 weeks.. Schools throughout the country are CLOSING. When the mask gets too expensive..... Telangana COVID19 Schools colleges malls to shut down till March 31:  [https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/covid19schoolscollegesmallstelanganashutdowntillmarch31120236]https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/covid19schoolscollegesmallstelanganashutdowntillmarch31120236. Schools/Colleges/Universities have officially been postponed from 16th to 31st. Wife of Bengaluru techie did not flee over corona fears Karnataka Govt.. Any Progress made in finding COVID19 cure or vaccine yet: I am failing to find much information on Coronas cure and research effort. How much progress has been made in finding a cure for Covid19 what are the issue the experts from medical field are facing in finding a solution to this menace. What is this a crossover episode. Coronavirus racist remarks in Kolkata. University students confront the racists.. If this is true please share on all platforms so appropriate action could be taken. Its high time for big corporations to stop screwing with lives of cheap labors.. How to stay safe from the coronavirus.... sourced and approved by the WHO.. Hindu Mahasabha holds cow urine party to fight coronavirus plans more parties.. She predicted about Covid19 in 2008 Watch full video on https//youtu.be/hBM7GvOCeME. TOI published an incorrect news about Bangalore Techies wife. Not sure which version is correct.. Places where those 6 patients in Karnataka visited before being quarantined.. Abdulla Shahid Foreign Minister of Maldives welcomes Indian doctors and paramedics to fight the Wuhan Virus in Tweet. Jai CORONA Jai MODI. Har har CORONA ghar ghar MODI.. COVID19 VOLUNTEERING OPS: Hello everyone Our govt has done an Amazing job in handling the COVID 19 infection in India so far but if the virus continues to spread or snowball like it has in other countries I fear our healthcare system might be streched thin. Thats why im starting this thread so we can pool up skilled and unskilled volunteers and if anyone can forward or get the govt involved I think it will be useful. Eating out during the outbreak: Kind of a dumb question I guess especially amidst all the false information thats going around but I want to know what the jury is on ordering food from outside and what all of your opinions are. I read that properly cooking the food is supposed to kill the virus but then theres the human factor of people handling that food right And what about getting chicken to prepare something yourself Normally you would get it from the local guy but are there services that are known to deliver good quality meat Ive heard of Licious but dont know much about them.. An important lesson on how the media sensationalises the news and villainizes people for clicks. Please do not do social media lynching without knowing all the facts. Regarding the news of the woman fleeing to Agra.. this is the story. For curing coronavirus global leaders must drink cow urine Hindu Mahasabha chief india news. Please do not take news reports at face value. The news report about the woman fleeing to Agra has many omissions and changing of key facts.. 200 people attend Hindu Mahasabhas gaumutra drinking party to fight coronavirus. Maharashtra govt All schools in urban areas of Maharashtra all govt amp pvt schools in jurisdiction of Nagar Panchayat Nagar Palika Mahanagar palika to remain closed till 31st March. Only exams for class 10th 12th amp University exams will be held as per schedule coronavirus. Hindu Mahasabha to hold Gomutra party for protection from Conronavirus. Coronavirus Malls movie theatres to be closed in Telangana until 31 March. Will the coronavirus be a serious threat to India: I find it hard to believe that the total number of cases reported is the ACTUAL number of people infected especially in our country where theres crowds everywhere . My college in Bangalore finally had some sense to shut down for 2 weeks and finally I can relax a bit . What are your opinions about the situation Will it spread even further. Number of COVID19 tests conducted in India till date certainly not enough. FAKE ALERT News of Baba Ramdev overdosing on cow urine to prevent coronavirus is fake Times of India. Coronavirus Chandigarh schools to remain closed till March 31. Facts. everyone avoiding public gathering whereas Mumbaikars. This Amazon review for top selling face mask. There should be a nation wide ban on Gutkha and Paan right now: [removed]. Those who are returning to India from affected areas what is the quarantine situation: Have a bunch of friends studying in Paris wanting to return. But theyre worried theyll be quarantined in a hospital or a separate place for 23 weeks. Any info on this. 4D chess. People who recover after being infected with the novel coronavirus can still be left with substantially weakened lung capacity with some left gasping for air when walking quickly doctors in Hong Kong have found.. Are the COVID19 numbers in India Correct: I may be missing something or may be completely misinformed but I have some doubts regarding numbers projected for COVID19 In order to get tests done for Coronavirus you need to satisfy 2 conditions A. You have a travel history and show symptoms for the virus. We know that there are a number of people who are asymptomatic but still have virus and are hence carriers of the virus B. You have been in contact with someone who has been diagnosed or has a travel history Someone who has a high chance of being a carrier We have all been saying that the virus hasnt reached stage 3 where there is P2P spread but there is no way for a normal person to get tested even if he shows symptoms most of us dont even go to a doctor if we are showing symptoms. Even if we go to the doctors there is a huge chance that we wont get tested.. As an example the JampK govt released statistics where 1700 people were enlisted for screening but out of these only 85 have been tested while the others showing mild or no symptoms have been self isolated. Mind you the 1700 dont include any normal personwithout travel history who has symptoms.. All over India this number is just 6500 people tested. There are 2 problems I have with this 1. These people who have been tested positive and are hence carriers have been in contact with a number of people and hence it is almost impossible to track everybody. Since we are not testing for P2P spread it is impossible to project the actual numbers. 2. A lot of the enlisted people are on self isolation. We all know how it works it is very dificult for me to think that they have really fully selfisolated themselves. I would like to point out a very interesting comparison between South Korea and Italy They both had the outbreak at similar timelines both had a similar growth rate and both have similar population density.. South Korea has controlled the outbreak and have had significantly less number of deaths without any sort of major lockdowns while Italy is on complete lockdown but still the spread rate and death rate is alarming. The difference is that South Korea conducted around 210000 tests and hence identified the carriers at very initial stages. In comparison Italy followed the model that we are trying to follow and has tested only around 60000 people. They have not been able to identify the carriers at initial stages and hence causing the explosion. US are to follow suite. Let me know of your thoughts I may be completely overblowing it but I feel that the numbers are heavily misprojected. But when the global estimate is that the virus is going to affect 60 of population these numbers dont make any sense. Also as for the weather theory it has already been proved wrong because of outbreak in Australia who have already admitted that they have not been able to project the numbers correctly because of the lack of testing kits. Sources 1.No proof that weather will stop the outbreak of virus https//www.cnbc.com/2020/03/06/itsafalsehopecoronaviruswilldisappearinthesummerlikethefluwhosays.htmlrecirctaboolainternal 2. ANI ANI Tweeted Government of Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir Status of surveillance of Coronavirus the number of samples tested positive for COVID19 are two in JampK. https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1238462004190298112s20 3. Not enough tests and testing numbers around the world https//www.google.com/amp/s/amp.scroll.in/pulse/956110/isindiatestingenoughforcoronaviruscases 4. South Korea vs Italy https//www.google.com/amp/s/www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2020/03/italysouthkoreadiffertacklingcoronavirusoutbreak200313062505781.html. Wanderlust.. Are the COVID19 numbers in India Correct: [removed]. Is it a good idea to travel by plane: Studying in Punjab leave extended till 31st may be extended more. Dont know whether to fly home or not.. World Health Organization Safe Hands Challenge Demo by Director General WHO. All about Coronavirus/ symptoms/ preventions Current affairs by Eden IAS. Extraordinary times ask for extraordinary measures. Petition to provide WFH to all those who can to prevent further spread of [CORONAVIRUS]. DIY mask creating video. Why sanitizer works but hand washing works better: As we are seeing shortages of hand sanitizers wanted t share this info Hand Sanitizers are portable . Which increase the frequency of disinfecting the hands from certain kind of viruses when water and soap are not available. One should remember that sanitizers are only alternative to a proper hand wash. Stocking up sanitizer for home usage when better alternates are available is not a very cleaver approach to the problem. It will cause shortage of supplies it will increase price hoarding . Non Availability of sanitizers will result non usage in public places which may increase the chance of infection due to interactions and touching things in public places . So restrict the usage at home and leave it for the people who need it the most or use it only when soap and water or not available. ampx200B gt When water and soap are not immediately available hand sanitisers with upwards of 60 percent alcohol are good second alternatives ampx200B gt The benefit of hand sanitiser is the ability to combat germs when water and soap are not immediately available ampx200B gt Alcoholbased sanitisers work by breaking down the germs so not only do you have to have enough the alcohol needs to hang around long enough to work Below are the links if one is interested [https//www.popsci.com/story/health/handsanitizersoapcoronavirus/]https//www.popsci.com/story/health/handsanitizersoapcoronavirus/ [https//www.businessinsider.in/science/news/photosshowwhyhandsanitizerdoesntworkaswellassoapandwatertoremovegerms/articleshow/74520599.cms]https//www.businessinsider.in/science/news/photosshowwhyhandsanitizerdoesntworkaswellassoapandwatertoremovegerms/articleshow/74520599.cms [https//www.glamourmagazine.co.uk/article/handsanitiservswashingsoapwater]https//www.glamourmagazine.co.uk/article/handsanitiservswashingsoapwater [https//www.cleancult.com/blog/handsoapvshandsanitizerwhichoneshouldyouuse/]https//www.cleancult.com/blog/handsoapvshandsanitizerwhichoneshouldyouuse/ [https//www.vox.com/scienceandhealth/2020/3/11/21173187/coronaviruscovid19handwashingsanitizercomparedsoapisdope]https//www.vox.com/scienceandhealth/2020/3/11/21173187/coronaviruscovid19handwashingsanitizercomparedsoapisdope [https//theconversation.com/coronavirusnotallhandsanitisersworkagainstithereswhatyoushoulduse133277]https//theconversation.com/coronavirusnotallhandsanitisersworkagainstithereswhatyoushoulduse133277 [https//www.tomsguide.com/news/handsanitizervssoapandwaterthesephotosshowthebigdifference]https//www.tomsguide.com/news/handsanitizervssoapandwaterthesephotosshowthebigdifference [https//www.insider.com/doeshandsanitizerwork]https//www.insider.com/doeshandsanitizerwork. Students chant Jai Corona after IIT Delhi shuts operation. Bangalore Coronavirus news Google techies wife who defied quarantine flew to Delhi amp took train to reach Agra tests positive for coronavirus. Students chant Jai Corona after IIT Delhi shuts operation. Some ray of hope in these dark times. Spicejet sending ethically wrong and misleading information in mail.. Here are some of the best maps to track the coronavirus pandemic. Coronavirus Infected techies wife fled Bengaluru by air took DelhiAgra train tests ve. Spanish flu Lessons from a pandemic that took over 10 million lives in India. We are fucked.. Well guys we are fucked now.:  https//m.timesofindia.com/city/agra/covid19techieswifewhodefiedquarantineflewtodelhitooktraintoreachagratestspositive/amparticleshow/74618637.cmstwitterimpressiontrue. [LIVE] Stream Coronavirus All Countries Coronavirus Numbers Counter World Map News.. Spanish flu Lessons from a pandemic that took over 10 million lives in India. https//indianexpress.com/article/explained/lessonsfromapandemicacenturyagocoroanvirusspanishflu6313344/. Spanish flu Lessons from a pandemic that took over 10 million lives in India.. Infosys Vacates Building In Bengaluru Over Coronavirus Scare. Please stop believing Whatsapp forwarded messages. Read this article and keep yourself updated.. I travel in Bangalore without mask because theres no way probability of getting the virus is higher than getting a job: [removed]. If anyone is interested to join. Please join at your own risk.. Are mobile laptops books allowed in the Coronavirus Quarantine in India: [removed]. First death in India due to coronavirus: COVID19 68yearold woman dies of coronavirus in Delhi https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/coronavirusdelhireportsindiassecondcovid19death/article31063274.ece. First death in India due to coronavirus: COVID19 68yearold woman dies of coronavirus in Delhi https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/coronavirusdelhireportsindiassecondcovid19death/article31063274.ece. Covid19 awareness: Hello good people While you guys are no doubt taking precautions against covid 19 make sure to educate the less fortunate/uneducated masses as you encounter them in everyday life maids cooks drivers etc. I had a chat with my cook just now and she was unaware of such a thing. She has only seen a sudden rise in people wearing masks. Thats all. Clearly theres a major disconnect. We should ensure that the correct info trickles down to everyone. Stay safe and stay vigilant. Dont create panic but be aware. Mods please sticky a covid related thread apologies if its done already I didnt find any so that there is a good source for people to refer to.. Telanganas lone coronavirus patient discharged from hospital. Rajni. Rajni. Coronavirus Infected techies wife fled Bengaluru by air took DelhiAgra train tests ve. They are still calling it outbreak and encouraging people to travel.. Everyone should watch this movie if you havent already. Its on prime video too.. Hand sanitisers masks declared essential commodities to control price. Im honestly scared. Protec... Techie wife flees Bangalore to Agra after knowing she might be infected by corona virus. 5 Corona suspects flee Nagpur hospital. Only 3 traced. In wake of coronavirus jails in Kerala to manufacture masks. COVID19 fundraiser by United Nations / Matched by Facebook: [removed]. Jim ONeill commends fast aggressive Chinese response to coronavirus Squawk Box Europe. Guess no one but Karnataka students are having a good time holidays. Very small thing which can help you to keep away from viruses and germs. Very small thing which can help to keep you away from viruses and germs. Indian students in USA were asked to go back home not even allowed to stay in their rooms.: Several friends of mine who are currently doing their masters in America were asked to leave last night after Trump declared emergency. They were also told that if they arrive in India before 18th March they wouldnt need to be quarantined. Everyone who arrives after 18th will be quarantined for a week in India.. The world went the Indian way with Namaste. Its high time that it accepts another Indian way since theres an acute shortage of toilet paper..  . HEALTH INSURANCE MEANS CARE YOURSELF FROM CORONA Sophie Gregoire Trudeau TV KHABAR NEWS STUDIO. How is it possible that Mumbai being such a densely populated region is still untouched by coronavirus By Balaji Viswanathan.. How is it possible that Mumbai being such a densely populated region is still untouched by coronavirus. By Balaji Viswanathan.. 68yrold Delhi woman becomes Indias 2nd coronavirus casualty. Corona ve Thrissur man mingled with over 1000. Coronavirus Outbreak Updates Toll rises to two as 69 year old Delhi resident succumbs to virus. Family of Karnataka coronavirus patient who died ignored hospital advice. Not once twice. An Italian shares about how the Corona Virus situation unfolded.: [removed]. Second death in India due to Corona Virus.. COVID19 Fundraiser by Facebook/UN: [removed]. Delhi records first death from COVID19.. Coronavirus updates stay home stay clean stay safe. Coronavirus Memes and Jokes Success Factory. COVID19 fundraiser by Facebook/UN: [removed]. Second one in India.. Got forwarded this random guys video on WhatsApp about covid19. Keeps talking about how the immune system of Indians is stronger. Can someone identify this. This happen to me multiple times today. SAARC leadership could chalk out strong strategy to fight coronavirus PM Modi. How much can treatment for coronavirus will cost in india both public and private hospitals: [removed]. Handwash vs Brainwash. Important links for Indians about Corona Virus: [removed]. From 16th March Functioning of Supreme Court shall be restricted to urgent matters only in view of global pandemic COVID19 says apex courts notification It also says no persons except concerned lawyers shall be permitted in SC courtrooms in view of CoronavirusPandemic. IndiaSouth Africa series called off due to COVID19 threat BCCI says will reschedule it later Times of India. Government orders to close all schools for students only. Teaching and non teaching staff to function as usual. This is find this odd because everybody not just the students are susceptible to the virus. The government really needs to step up its game before the number of cases explodes too high.. Is there a dedicated sub for Coronavirus in India: [removed]. Is there a dedicated sub for Coronavirus in India: Title. It do be like that... Question on Underreported Cases of COVID19: Okay so i see a lot of comments on the covid megathread talking about cases being underreported. That is definitely happening because we are not testing everyone as we dont have the capacity to do so yet. But to what extent Usually underreported cases have come to light after deaths and after many people falling sick and being denied testing. This usually would have been public knowledge because we do not censor that kind of information. People have a way to spread facts. But I dont see cases of unexplained deaths or too many people falling sick. It is of course a little hard to believe its not exploded here the way it is exploding in Europe and the USA. But does anyone here think that maybe the government is actually doing something right. A good way to explain kids the importance of washing hands with soap.. Seven Coronavirus suspects go missing in Punjab. Punjab Seven coronavirus suspects go missing from Ludhiana. Shaheen Baghs coronavirus hurdle Protestors demand screening masks sanitizers from government. I am going to have non avoidable meeting in office with a foreign national next week from a coronavirus hit country. What precautions I can take for protection in this scenario: The meeting is unavoidable as the client is already in the country and will be coming to office next week. I have been informed that he cleared the airport screening on arrival and also has clean health certificate from his country. Apart from using mask what else can I do. 81 Coronavirus Cases in India Global Death Toll Crosses 5000:  [https//www.thequint.com/news/breakingnews/coronaviruscovid19latestnewsliveupdates3utm\sourcemoengageamputm\mediumpushnotification]https//www.thequint.com/news/breakingnews/coronaviruscovid19latestnewsliveupdates3utmsourcemoengageamputmmediumpushnotification. In the wake of Coronavirusage old tradition of Anjali mudra is now new form of greeting people not only in India but across the globe. Coronavirus Indian greeting namaste goes global. Does anyone know what the exact situation is for students returning from Germany HELP NEEDED URGENTLY.: Is the quarantine mandatory even if I am healthy and have come from an area in Germany which is barely affected 