Crouching tiger upsets hidden dragon Indias decision to block Chinese investments has led to a mini earthquake in the SinoIndian investment corridor. Why Sitharamans Pulses For All Promise Still Hasnt Been Implemented. India plans to fast track Chinese investments after policy change sources. Department of Agriculture invites comments on Draft Insecticides Rules 2020 Submit by 9th May: Department Department of Agriculture Cooperation and Farmers Welfare Deadline 9th May15 days from 24th April Contact id Joint Secretary Plant Protection Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Department of Agriculture Cooperation and Farmers Welfare Krishi Bhawan New Delhi 110001 or to the NIC mail jsppdacgov.in. Documents [Draft Insecticides Second Amendment Rules 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/draftinsecticidessecondamendmentrules2020.pdf. Poverty rate by States. Even if Modi wont admit to past failures Covid19 crisis is a chance to listen to economic experts. Exclusive India plans to fast track Chinese investments after policy change sources. Indias forex reserves surge 3.09 billion to 479.57 billion in a week.. RBI raises shortterm borrowing cap for the Centre to 2 trillion. By crowdfunding benefits for embattled workers appbased services are evading their own obligations. Indian Council of Medical Research should approve indigenous testing instead of being dependent on Chinese kits Shashi Tharoor. Govt to use drones to map residential properties in rural India and ascertain land ownership. NBWL nod for coal mining in Assam elephant reserve. Another nod from the wildlife board. Rupee rises sharply against US dollar. How and when does India moved forward from caste based reservations: [removed]. Dedicated fund will be created for payments to MSMEs Nitin Gadkari. Indian curb on Chinese investment will harm own economic development Experts Left Review Online. PRIORITY REAL HEALTH OF ECONOMY OR FISCAL DEFICIT. PRIORITY FISCAL DEFICIT OR HEALTH OF REAL ECONOMY. How coronavirus will fuel manufacturing exodus from China. Chinese investors flummoxed by Indias new foreign investment rules. Indian police make people sit with fake corona patient in ambulance. IFF Suggests Ways to Ensure Internet Access and Protect Net Neutrality: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/cjt1cicmiqu41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampse226c05d68c73b5d28faccd0aa46ada0cd138105 Tldr Since remote work online education telemedicine and reliance on eretail becomes critical for the foreseeable future there is a need for authorities to take specific action. IFF has written to the DoT and TRAI suggesting that these interventions must look toward overcoming the digital divide appreciating the importance of the internet and mobile services as an essential utility and protect net neutrality. Towards this IFF recommends concerted stakeholder dialogue evidence based interventions to support network capacity efforts to use government funds towards providing free access to internet services to underprivileged/essential cohorts of people ensuring all areas have access to high speed internet access and expediting the implementation of a net neutrality enforcement framework. Background The lockdown has seen greater reliance of many segments of the populace on information and communications technologies in particular the internet. People are using the medium for various purposes such as remotely working from home distance learning ordering essential items via eretail and telemedicine purposes. More generally people also use it to stay in touch with their friends family and loved ones which is crucial to peoples mental health in these trying times. In various guidances and notifications telecommunication and internet services have been repeatedly classified by the Ministry of Home Affairs as essential items. In this regard the importance of internet and telecommunications access has assumed considerable importance during the current public health crisis. It also brings with its own set of policy and regulatory challenges which must be addressed. If unaddressed we believe there is a risk that the novel coronavirus may exaggerate the digital/technological divide stress underlying network infrastructure and risk network neutrality. Prior Correspondence with the DoT and TRAI In a letter dated March 18 2020 IFF previously wrote to the Honble Minister of Communications and copied this to the DoT and TRAI. In it we anticipated that there may be a risk of undue pressure on underlying internet and mobile networks due to shifts and likely increases in network usage. Therefore we suggested authorities 1. Conduct periodic reviews of telecom infrastructure in consultation with telecom and internet service providers content providers startups and consumer facing organisations. Here we stressed on the importance of preserving principles of net neutrality. 2. Encourage voluntary pledges by telecom companies towards not terminating peoples connections due to an inability to pay their bills. 3. Urged the Central Government to issue an advisory that States and Union Territories should not issue internet suspension or restriction orders under the Telecommunications Suspension Rules 2017. So Why Are We Writing This Time This is because there are new threats which are emerging since the commencement of our over month long national lockdown. 1. Threat to Net Neutrality In a letter dated March 21 2020 the Cellular Operators Association of India COAI wrote to TRAI requesting for clearance of charges for voice and data for certain websites and telephone numbers. Additionally an Economic Times [report ]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/telecom/telecomnews/telcossuggestfreeaccesstocriticalsites/articleshow/74784534.cmsfrommdrsuggested concessions to zero rate certain essential websites pertaining to government services ecommerce and digital payments applications like the BHIM app without being charged for data during the lockdown period. To be sure TRAIs Prohibition of Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services Regulations 2016 which ostensibly prohibits zero rating of data tariffs in India does allow for exemptions. However we must consider such developments along with the fact that COAI has also written to online video content providers to reduce their bitrates to alleviate stress on underlying network infrastructure. By referencing measures taken by online content providers in jurisdictions like Europe we have noticed that most participants in the Indian market have complied and reduced their offerings to SD bitrates. These measures have been taken by industry and have been taken with little evidence available to the public of the actual stress being placed on Indias underlying networks owing to the national lockdown being excessive. Indias internet infrastructure has traditionally been characterised as underutilised and therefore even according to existing capacities should be able to handle a 20 percent surge in network traffic. This fact may be contrasted with reports which found that mobile internet use Indias wireline subscriber base remains very less only increased by 10 percent in the month of March 2020. Pertinently in Tier 1 metros the increase was even more modest at 35 percent. Thus it may be concluded that without appropriate review and response mechanisms there is a threat to Indias net neutrality regime. As such net neutrality in India remains imperfect owing to the fact that we are yet to finalise a definition of what falls under reasonable traffic management practices and actual means of monitoring and enforcement. This lacuna in the framework has meant internet access providers in India can avoid compliance net neutrality obligations under licensing conditions with relative impunity. We have previously [written to the government about these concerns in March and May 2019 respectively]https//internetfreedom.in/netneutralityinindianeedstofinditsbearings/. 2. Risk of the Digital and Technological Divide It is reasonable to conclude that the pandemic is sure to hit those working in informal sectors and marginalised communities at large the hardest. A recent report on [The Print]https//theprint.in/india/education/nogadgetsnostudieswhatonlineclassesmeanfor16lakhpoorstudentsindelhischools/406837/ and an article by Mr [Osama Manzar Digital Empowerment Foundation Founding Director]https//www.apc.org/en/blog/defweneedfreetalktimeandinternetduringcovid19 are instructive in this regard. The Print article discusses how the coronavirus is shifting students to distant learning situations reliant on online/IVR based classes/educational setups. This means that in areas like Delhi students from underprivileged backgrounds are at a distinct disadvantage owing to a lack of digital literacy no availability of supporting equipment in the household like laptops and smartphones chargers and no access to high speed internet connections. Similarly Mr Manzars article also communicates that aside from internet access many people from informal/marginalised backgrounds do not even have access to basic mobile connections as well. He illustrates this with the recent exodus from urban to rural areas after the announcement of the national lockdown. In it many people travelled in groups to the detriment of social distancing protocols. This is because the availability of phones with talk time to make calls was often restricted to one or two persons in large groups. And in such times of hardship the ability to make a timely phone call to a friend or family member can be a question of life and death. IFFs Recommendations Keeping the above considerations in mind we urged the Ministry of Communications DoT and TRAI to collectively consider the following interventions 1. Regular Review and Reports on Impact of COVID19 on Internet Capacity India should have twice a week meetings between DoT TRAI TSPs/ISPs internet exchange points CDN providers cloud service providers content providers small businesses video conferencing app developers consumer groups and so on to ascertain the actual impact COVID19 is having on internet capacity and quality of service. The findings from these meetings along with support evidence should be published for the public at large. This will be analogous to the approach adopted by European authorities like BEREC. 2. Consider Means to Expand Telecom Infrastructure Capacity Although Indias internet infrastructure has traditionally been characterised as under utilised Indian authorities must be alive to the possibility that there may be a need to consider means through which it can ease network maintenance and deployment of internet access services. India must consider steps in this regard. For instance it may consider discussions with TSPs to maintain an open dialogue on the need to expand network capacity upgrading network equipment capacity expansions of base stations in mobile networks etc. It should also consider the need to free up access to particular airwaves to ensure networks are up and running in an interference free manner. 3. Expedite Final Recommendations and Implementation of TRAIs Net Neutrality Consultation Considering advances being made by internet access providers which seek exceptions to the net neutrality frameworks it becomes even more imperative that India expedites its finalisation of its definition for reasonable traffic management practices. At the same time there is a need for more robust monitoring enforcement and institutions. Therefore it becomes necessary for authorities to conclude its findings on the latest TRAI [consultation]https//main.trai.gov.in/consultationpapertrafficmanagementpracticestmpsandmultistakeholderbodynetneutrality on traffic management practices and a multistakeholder body for net neutrality. 4. Consider Means for Free WiFi Hotspots Access to Laptops/Smartphones and 4G Router Availability We have urged DoT and TRAI to consider commencing an initiative which deploys funds available under the Universal Service Obligation Fund USOF. Along these lines we also recommend they consider possibilities of working with the Ministry of Home Affairs and state governments to gauge availability of funds under the National Disaster Relief Fund and State Disaster Response Funds. These funds should be used toward facilitating public wifi hotspots 4G routers internet devices and so on in particular targeting benefiting students from underprivileged backgrounds informal workers healthcare workers first responders and people from marginalised communities. 5. Urge industry to not disconnect peoples internet/mobile services and provide free data during lockdown period Indian authorities and access service providers should identify vulnerable groups who would benefit from such targeted interventions which help with the response but also help bridge the digital divide. We would also suggest TRAI and DoT work together with access providers in ensuring that people can have uninterrupted access to their internet and mobile services even if they fall behind on their payments or recharge schedules. Under utilised funds in USOF may be a useful tool in this regard as well. 6. Urge States and UTs to Maintain Access Full Speed Mobile and Internet Connectivity During Lockdown We urged central authorities to consider ways to limit government powers to issue directives which throttle the internet. Therefore we recommended the issuance of an advisory which urges states to not issue any directions which suspend internet access or impose restrictions on accessing high speed internet. Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs representation with recommendations on net neutrality respecting measures toward internet access to the Department of Telecommunications and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India dated 24.04.2020 [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Hn8zB2ZHWxJ1Uf8GqWUDwkIFjtdgFMl/viewuspsharing 2. Link to IFFs representation to the Minister of Communications Mr Ravi Shankar Prasad dated 18.03.2020 which has been copied to both the DoT and TRAI [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1NoItFPO92ND12WDlw1VdI13KaiAa3tpU/viewuspsharing [The Corona virus is not only a threat to our health. We need your help now more than ever. Please donate to IFF today and become a member.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Conservation Scientists Oppose Etalin Hydro Electric Project. Rating Of The Most Polluted Cities In The World 2020 [MAP]. section 377: Hi everyone I dont know if this is allowed in this thread but I have written a history piece in which I fully break down section 377 into 3 main easy but informational chunks to read. The reason why I have done this is because I was shocked at the lack of information on the full history of section 377 in India that was first of all hard to read and secondly the popular information on section 377 seem to be either only the celebration and life after section 377 or the controversial statements made by politicians/lawyers/organisations/individuals I have written this piece with my whole heart and passion and ofcourse a lot of research. [https//www.amazon.com/dp/B087FDM1FX/refsr\1\2dchild1ampkeywordssection377ampqid1587625469ampsr82]https//www.amazon.com/dp/B087FDM1FX/refsr12dchild1ampkeywordssection377ampqid1587625469ampsr82 The 3 main parts are India before section 377 includes the history of homosexuality being recognised in ancient India life during section 377 and life after the removal of section 377 I will seriously be so grateful to those that will have a read at it. Its also for FREE so I hope you guys and girls and my nonbinary gals will like this piece Sending love . Leveraging Covid How India can displace China in global manufacturing and supply chains. Franklin Templeton winds up six debt funds. All that investors need to know.. Stage set for bold labour reform stimulus. 10.6 lakh employees benefitted through Employees Provident Fund contribution transferred under PMGKY. I was shocked when i see this. 10 million views in 6 days. We should report this ad. Tell me you thought about it.. Stimulus needed GDP range expected from 0.9 to 1.5 in FY21 CII. Finance Ministry freezes DA DR hike for central government employees till July 2021. Indias comparatively small package will be its saving grace.: Things are a bit bad. No country is in a position to recover from this hit anytime soon and nobody is dreaming of getting back to their last quarter performance anytime in the next five years except Amazon maybe. But I hear people comparing this countrys bailout with that countrys stimulus package and its a horrible metric to be judging a countrys fiscal astuteness on. At least right side up. Turn the metric around. The smaller the amount of money the government prints the better it is for the country. Every country that printed free money went broke. Zimbabwe Iran Venezuela Japan is heading there as we speak. America is going to have to go to war to make up for this hit its economy is going to take thats a given. Whether its a literal war or a Trump war is up in the air. But I digress. The point is we are in a much better position as an economy to recover hopefully at a safe and healthy rate. As long as we continue to not print any more free money.. India following U.S. trajectory in COVID19 cases says Chinese expert. THE PROMISED LAND HOW REMITTANCES FROM MIGRANTS ACCOUNT FOR 36.3 OF KERALAS NSDP. Marchmayham. March month review .the deshbakht with Akash... I support Make in India movement. saynotochina. Small business credit worth Rs 2.32 lakh crore at highest risk of default Cibil. Over 33 crore people get Rs 31235 crore assistance under PM Garib Kalyan package. Top economist US coronavirus response is like third world country Business The Guardian. My Only Fault Was I Was Born in India Shaken by Trumps Plan Immigrants Stare at Bleak Future. For Indian Diaspora Panic and Anger Over Trumps Immigration Plans.  . How will small businesses handle further extension of lockdowns: I asked the same in the live thread before being downvoted. For many in this sub owning a business is the deciding factor to a genuine question or a spoiled brats complaints. but please hear me out on this. What will the future hold for people in the lowerincome middleclass bracket Many small business owners are weekly earners if thats a thing they have bills rents and EMIs to pay. Many have workers depending on them. If the lockdown is extended further as many suggest what will the future hold for these guys They might have already exhausted their savings. I think we might see an increase in the rate of EMI defaulters an increase in poverty and a cascading effect on all major economic sectors.. Finally calling Chinas bluff Indias decision to wall off even investments being routed through Hong Kong Singapore etc where there could be an indirect Chinese presence is a welcome move.. Why the Modi government cant pass on the benefits of falling crude oil prices. As the world looks for coronavirus scapegoats India pins blame on Muslims. Kerala govt has decided to deduct the salary of state employees for 6 days in a month for next 5 months and of MLAs and other legislators by 30 for next one year to tide over the unprecedented financial situation due to COVID19.. 2.7 lakh trees to be felled for hydropower project in Arunachals Dibang Valley. Treat Sanitation Workers Like Health Workers Pay Them At Least Rs 20000 Per Month. 2.7 lakh trees to be felled for hydropower project in Arunachals Dibang Valley. Industry leaders applaud FacebookJio deal say India to be growth epicentre. Rs 2 lakh fine up to 7 years jail for attack on health workers says govt Hindustan Times. Selling this painting I made a couple of months back to raise funds for the Drive The Driver initiative by the Ola Foundation which is helping cab auto and kaalipeeli drivers whose livelihood has been hit by Coronavirus outbreak . Dm me on instagram ankitkapoor96 if interested.. Health Ministry wants export of antiTB drug prohibited Supply to Indian patients hit due to lockdown restrictions. Mukesh Ambani tops Jack Ma as Asias richest person after Facebook deal. Only Farming Can Save Indian Economy. Bringing On The Economy Back On Track. Zero Tolerance Centre Brings Tough Law On Attacks On Health Workers Prakash Javadekar said they have amended the Epidemic Act a 120 year old law to now ensure that any attack on doctors or health workers will be liable to a penalty of anywhere between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 5 lakh.. Time for DeMonetisation 2.0 . This will help as economic package for the POOR. Crude Oil hitting all time low but will we see benefits. We wrote to NCRB and MHA requesting them to halt their ongoing National Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS project.: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/7f60yfc3dbu41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps295bf3a056f250df993c0705d5545d303816e197 Tldr The National Crime Records Bureau NCRB has sought to revise its Request for Proposals RFP for tender bids for the creation of a National Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS according to an update on its website dated March 23 2020. IFF has previously called for a three year moratorium on the government use of facial recognition technologies under its ongoing ProjectPanoptic. In this instance we have shared a representation with the NCRB and the Honble Minister of Home Affairs Mr Amit Shah. In it we highlight legal and constitutional issues with such projects. As a remedy our representation seeks a recall of this RFP and a halt to the tender process itself. It also provides concrete policy recommendations for the Government to consider. Background on AFRS The RFP invites bids for the creation of a National Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS which has an estimated budget of INR 308 crore to further create a national database of photographs. According to the RFP this database is purported to be used to swiftly identify criminals by gathering existing data from various other databases like 1. Passport database under the Ministry of External Affairs 2. Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems CCTNS by the National Crime Records BureauNCRB under the Ministry of Home Affairs MHA 3. Interoperable Criminal Justice System ICJS by the NCRB under the MHA 4. Women and Child Development Ministrys KhoyaPaya Portal 5. Automated Fingerprint Identification System AFIS by the NCRB under the MHA 6. Any other image database available with police/other entities. The NCRB first released the RFP calling for bids for the creation of AFRS on 28 June 2019 Document Reference 02/001. Initially the deadline for submission of bids was on August 16 2019 Read our first post on the subject [here]https//internetfreedom.in/maskon/. However the deadline for submission has been extended six times due to administrative reasons by the NCRB. According to an [update]https//ncrb.gov.in/sites/default/files/tender/AFRS.pdf dated March 23 2020 published on the NCRBs website the RFP is now being revised. The current deadline for submission is May 22 2020. As pointed out in our previous [blogpost]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ on the matter use of this technology without having legal safeguards in place could lead to harms such as discrimination and exclusion which will be difficult to undo. Additionally in the absence of a strong data protection law use of this technology could easily lead to mass surveillance. A strong data protection law is needed to hold AFRS accountable in terms of collection storage and usage of data including sharing of data across government agencies and with third parties to ensure that there is proportionality in processing the data collected. Proportionality during processing of personal data means that only that personal data which is adequate and relevant for the purposes of the processing is collected and processed. Steps taken by IFF IFF has sought a [three year moratorium]https//internetfreedom.in/wehavewrittentothegovernmentseekinga3yearmoratoriumongovernmentuseoffacialrecognitiontechnologyinindiaprojectpanoptic/ to be imposed upon all government use of facial recognition technology. IFF has also consistently opposed the use of facial recognition by NCRB since the first report on AFRS came to light. IFF has previously sent a [legal notice]https//internetfreedom.in/thencrbresponds/ to NCRB seeking that they recall the RFP and halt the tender process since the project lacks a legal basis. IFF would like to thank the NCRB for responding to our previous legal notice and also for their decision to revise the RFP. However we are of the opinion these steps being taken by the NCRB are insufficient and there is a need for further changes and immediate action. In this representation therefore IFF recommends that 1. NCRB immediately rollbacks its request for proposals and halts its ongoing tender process for the creation of a National Automated Facial Recognition System. 2. The Government of India place a moratorium of three years on the use of facial recognition technology by government authorities in India during which time an informed consultation takes place between the various stakeholders and civil society organizations to understand the ambit of this technology 3. The Government of India immediately passes a strong data protection law to hold government functionaries accountable when they collect peoples personal data whilst deploying such systems. 4. The Government of India should pass a specific law with regard to facial recognition technology to regulate the technology in the country. This law should be developed as a result of the informed consultation process as mentioned above. Whats Next IFF has been mapping the use of facial recognition all over the country as a part of its ongoing ProjectPanoptic. In addition to seeking a three year moratorium on the use of this technology we have been constantly seeking information about these projects all over India and have also been engaging with government authorities whenever the need arises. IFF will be developing and publishing more material as part of our ongoing analysis of this topic under this project in the coming months. Important Documents 1. Representation to NCRB amp MHA on AFRS dated April 21 2020. [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1UnkiN1a3vfSB355afGT6f7m5LA55BrCt 2. Blogpost We might be in the market for a new kind of face mask. [link]https//internetfreedom.in/maskon/ 3. Blogpost NCRB finally responds to legal notice on facial recognition we promptly send a rejoinder[link]https//internetfreedom.in/thencrbresponds/ 4. Blogpost Problems with Facial Recognition Technology Operating in a Legal Vacuum. [link]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ 5. Blogpost IFF proposes a three year moratorium on the use of Facial Recognition Technology in India. [link]https//internetfreedom.in/wehavewrittentothegovernmentseekinga3yearmoratoriumongovernmentuseoffacialrecognitiontechnologyinindiaprojectpanoptic/ We wont let the NCRB become the NSA Help IFF in continuing the fight against mass surveillance in India by [becoming an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ today And dont forget to join our [Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/for closer dialogue with the IFF staff and community about technology society and law. Government fast tracks plan to provide social security for gig workers. How Indias Investment Ventures are Backing up its Fight against COVID19. Why Is the Centre Pushing a New Electricity Bill in the Midst of the COVID19 Crisis. Calcutta HC directs West Bengal govt to follow WHO Centre guidelines for Covid19 patients The court issued directions after hearing a writ petition filed by Senior Counsel Smarajit Roy Chowdhury who had cited an example of a case in Howrah which is a red zone.. Indias ban on flying to stay until coronavirus no longer a danger. FDI form China blanket ban may hit investment hard. Keralas COVID resilience Thanks to more than a century of institutional memory. Etailers asked to draw up limited list of essentials they want to supply. Unpopular opinion lockdown extension was uncalled for: Unpopular opinion I think this extreme lockdown extension was uncalled for ppl who support this extension are like oh no 20 k ppl infected 200 ppl have died if we dont stop this now by extending this lockdown lacs of ppl will die so stop cribbing and do your bit For comparison in India 50 lac ppl / children die every year to totally avoidable / curable maladies like typhoid polio child malnutrition etc etc Destroying an entire countries economy and causing the loss of livelihoods and inadvertently lives coz a few hundred / thousand ppl who have some serious underlying conditions are gonna die is not the smartest thing to do also over 90 are asymptotmatic as has been proved by Iceland which has conducted tests for like 20 of its population asymptotic meaning they dont show any symptoms and go back to normal without even realizing So again is this extreme step that has totally handicapped our country from ground up even worth it I mean I am sure soo many ppl would have died as a result of this lockdown itself ppl who needed medical attention for some other ailment ppl who couldnt get their fix alcohol etch ppl who lost their jobs their families and their minds migrant workers getting screwed over anyone I am not even including the multifold increase of ppl/ children dying of the aforementioned maladies typhoid polio child malnutritionetc that will surely increase by several multiples this year due to the lockdown itself. I think the entire thing is a fools errand and with every extension the returns are diminishing ..  .  : [removed]. Great Wall for China Shaping Chinas misbehaviour.: [removed]. Great Wall for China Shaping Chinas misbehaviour.:  The era of free and open trade may be at an end. The future may be characterised by gated globalisation where economic relationships will have to be underpinned by political trust. India stands to gain from this. Its political familiarity with large trading blocs like the US EU and Japan make it a far more secure economic partner than China. If this moment is inevitable India must also work with its partners to shape and influence Chinas economic behaviour. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/greatwallforchinashapingchinasmisbehaviour/articleshow/75239215.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. Great Wall for China Shaping Chinas misbehaviour.: [removed]. SC directs Govt to file reply to petition seeking restoration of 4G internet in JampK: https//preview.redd.it/b9gh033pr4u41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps8f86c867fc0172cfd2f3b41d9c42cd160994ff5b Tldr On 31 March the Foundation for Media Professionals filed a petition before the Supreme Court seeking restoration of 4G internet services in Jammu amp Kashmir during the COVID19 crisis. During the first hearing on 9 April the Court issued notice to the Standing Counsel for Government of Jammu amp Kashmir. The matter was listed again today i.e. 21 April and the Court directed the Government to file a reply to the petition by Sunday i.e. 26 April so the matter could be listed next Monday i.e. 27 April. Background Foundation for Media Professionals FMP had filed a petition before the Supreme Court for restoration of 4G internet services in Jammu amp Kashmir on 31 March. The petition was first listed for hearing before a 3 judge bench of NV Ramana J. Subhash Reddy J. and BR Gavai J on 9 April. During the hearing on 9 April the bench issued notice to the Standing Counsel of Government of Jammu amp Kashmir. Read more about the petition and last hearing [here]https//internetfreedom.in/scissuesnoticeinfmpspetitionseekingrestorationof4ginternetservicesinjammukashmirduringcovid19crisis/. Subsequent to the petition being filed on 31 March the Government of Jammu amp Kashmir continued to direct ISPs to slow down internet speed in Jammu amp Kashmir to 2G through orders issued under the Temporary Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. These orders issued on 3 April and 15 April were also challenged by the Petitioner by filing additional applications. Practical Impact of the Internet Slowdown In addition to challenging subsequent internet slowdown orders the Petitioner also sought to bring on record personal narratives of hardships faced by doctors teachers students journalists advocates etc in Jammu amp Kashmir due to the internet slowdown. FMPs Director and veteran journalist Ms. Revati Laul personally spoke to 13 residents of Jammu amp Kashmir to collect these narratives. gtI have so many patients who are just able to call me this time. I cant understand what they are trying to tell me exactly...One saidI have pain in the tummy. The tummy is big. It has around 20 organs inside. So then I ask is it the upper part of the tummy is it the right side is it lower And it becomes very difficult. Its not possible to accurately pinpoint what theyre saying. \Doctor at Srinagar Government Medical College on need for video facilities gt gtThe universities will hold their exams on time. Then no one will speak on our behalf to say to them oh there was no 4G there were no classes. There will only be exams. Did we get any education Are teachers being sent to our homes Is there a door to door drive to ensure that students education wont be affected \ Student at Degree College in Bemina The Petitioner also produced a comparative analysis of web performance at 2G and 4G speed to help the Court fully understand the practical consequences of the internet slowdown. This technical report was authored by Mr. Prateek Waghre a technologist and policy researcher who had previously also analysed functionality of whitelisted websites in Jammu amp Kashmir. The analysis revealed that tasks on observed 2G speed can take upto 50 times longer and 2G network conditions were well below the minimum requirements of video streaming/video communication platforms like YouTube Zoom and Skype. In addition to this theoretical analysis Mr. Waghre also carried out a simulated test which found that some interactive interfaces like the World Health Organizations Situation Tracker did not function at observed 2G speeds at all. What happened at todays hearing During todays hearing the bench inquired about a suo moto petition pending before the Jammu amp Kashmir High Court on the same issue. In response to this the Solicitor General Mr. Tushar Mehta indicated that he requires time to seek more information about the suo moto petition and suggested that it may also be transferred to the Supreme Court. The Court also sought information about the total number of COVID19 cases in Jammu amp Kashmir. Senior Advocate Mr. Huzefa Ahmadi appearing for FMP informed the Court that the region had 354 COVID19 cases. He emphasized that this was a matter of grave urgency and the Government had not filed its response despite notice being issued on 9 April. Therefore he requested the Court to direct the Government to file its reply expeditiously. The Attorney General Mr. KK Venugopal sought to justify the internet slowdown by claiming that the region had a serious militancy problem. However the bench directed the Government to file a proper written response and record its submissions on affidavit. The Solicitor General Mr. Tushar Mehta accepted this direction and indicated that the Government will file a consolidated report. In addition to FMPs petition two more petitions seeking restoration of 4G internet services filed by Soayib Quereshi and Private Schools Association of Jammu amp Kashmir were also listed for hearing today. Advocate Charu Ambwani representing the Private Schools Association of Jammu amp Kashmir highlighted how the education of 27 lakh students was being hampered because they did not have access to high speed internet. In response to a question by the bench she also stated that most students in Jammu amp Kashmir have laptops and tablets so the biggest hurdle is slow internet speed. After hearing submissions made by all counsels the bench directed the Government to file a reply by Sunday i.e. 26 April so the matter could be listed next Monday i.e. 27 April. Important Documents 1. Writ Petition filed by FMP [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1u8T6zldNXlabjA0igdXObA55fyX24Bz/viewuspsharing 2. Affidavits of Revati Laul and Prateek Waghre [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1w1WUXdZeNZglUzgvLFwtstkl4rYShAoe/viewuspsharing Were in this for the long haul. Support sustained advocacy against internet shutdowns by [becoming an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ And dont forget to [join our Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/ for closer dialogue with the IFF staff and community about technology society and law. A handbook for Personal Investing India . Hi guys I am a quantitative researcher and used this quarantine to create a post to learn how to invest for a layman. Was told to post here. I would be happy if its useful to anyone here . FDI Policy India finally bites the Chinese bullet. How the Government can support Micro Small and Medium Enterprises MSMEs in the COVID19 Pandemic prevent mass unemployment and prevent further slowdown of the economy.: [https//www.youtube.com/watchvV6IgcJXNL9c]https//www.youtube.com/watchvV6IgcJXNL9c Micro Small and Medium Enterprises MSME in India provide livelihood to more than 11 crore families across the nation. Indian MSME Entrepreneurs believe the lockdown is extremely necessary and respond to this call of national duty in affirmation. However without government support during this lockdown these enterprises will not be able to sustain operations and ensure payment of salaries to employees MSMEs do not have that kind of viability or capital. We propose the Indian MSME COVID19 Financial Package a much needed support without which MSMEs will crumble. This is imperative for the livelihood of crores of families across India to prevent mass unemployment and further slowdown of the economy.. [OC] Percentile Ranks of India in various Global Indices between 20102020.. More FDI and FII investments might take place in India after the Pandemic : [removed]. How the Government can support Micro Small and Medium Enterprises MSMEs in the COVID19 Pandemic: [removed]. India to fill strategic oil reserves by early May The first shipload of 1 million barrels of crude oil was brought by Indian Oil Corp IOC from the UAE earlier this week.. Oil prices go negative now that there is no demand.. Swarajya magazine compares China to Nazi Germany. FCIs surplus rice stocks to be converted into ethanol to make hand sanitisers. 100120 million jobs lost due to COVID19 lockdown. Bernie Policy Series Episode 1 Economic Bill of Rights. 96 migrant workers did not get rations from the government 90 did not receive wages during lockdown Survey The Hindu. ICICI Bank has 100 million exposure to bankrupt Singapore oil trader. Historic day for oil markets as WTI crude crashes below zero for first time. Crude oil just went negative No idea what this means for India. /. Vapers of India what did you do after the vaping ban: [removed] [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g4yhuv. Barrel of oil almost at the cost bottle of beer CrudeOil. Food for All During Lockdown State Governments Must Universalise PDS. Govt to use FCIs surplus rice for making handsanitiser ethanolblended petrol. Could India replace China as a manufacturing center: Does India possess the qualities that could enable it to replace China as a major manufacturing center India has a large population a low wage rate and a political ideology more aligned with the rest of the world. Indias people are also young tech savvy and have better English skills than the Chinese. Some obstacles for India seem to be a lack of infrastructure overly bureaucratic government and absence of cultural unification India is not a homogeneous society theres many different languages and cultures in India.. Centre permits conversion of surplus rice to ethanol for hand sanitisers. IMFs 1.9 Growth Prediction for India Ludicrous Actual Figure Could Be Negative I Karan Thapar. 5 Reasons Why Flipkart Lost Against Amazon Indias Best Ecommerce site is going to die. Seeking Competition profits in a pandemic: This pandemic is causing a lot of untold hardships for millions of Indians locked down in their homes. It caught most of us unprepared WFH for the first time huge lifestyle changes etc. Its already been 27 days amp counting the people have been abiding the PM and doing their bit. But how long can one be expected to survive solely on food amp water. Opening shops all over doesnt help prevention of the spread of the virus. Ecommerce seems to be the only viable option for now. But the CAIT confederation of All India Traders wants a level playing field. In times like this is competition more important than getting amp helping the people stuck in their home what they NEED GOI needs to look at this holistically than satisfying certain lobbies. pandemic indiawfh. Looking for apolitical answers to why the Narendra Modi I government was opposing MGNREGA scheme before the 2014 elections. What changes did they make to it after coming to power so as to legitimize it And the due course it will supposedly follow.: [removed]. Now debating Is it time to put a Covid tax on Indias superrich. Indian government be like.... Indian govt banning investment from China is yet another masterstroke by Modi this time to kill startups.: [removed]. Indian govt banning investment from China is yet another masterstroke by Modi this time to kill startups.: Modi is on a killing spree. After killing poor people in DeMo MSME in GST now his latest target is Startups. Indian startups are among the most innovative companies in the world and have recorded huge growth despite negligible assistance from the Modi government. With economy already slowing down before Covid impact and now in a state of paralysis several promising startups will go under water unless they receive investments. China is a key investor in several prominent Indian startups that lot of Indians use from Paytm to Zomato Byjus MakeMyTrip Swiggy Ola Big basket etc though Chinese holding companies like Alibaba Tencent etc. [Chinese firms have invested over 4 billion into Indian startups]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/with4billionchineseinvestmentdesistartupswaryoffdipolicytweak/articleshow/75228027.cms. Many such startups rely on Chinese funding and now will find it harder to access investments. Investments from US companies into Indian startups have already been slowing down and during the global pandemic any source of investment that can keep promising companies from failing should be welcome. Instead the govt thinks otherwise. After China picked up additional 0.2 stake in HDFC Indian govt reacted swiftly without thought by banning regular investments from countries that India shares a border with. China has already slammed this move as it is against World Trade Organisations free trade practices India could be exposed to sanctions. With an already failing economy this can deepen the crisis leave several startups out of money and lots of people who work in the startup space without jobs and livelihood. Key question to ask are 1. Why did mere 0.2 additional investment in HDFC trigger the govt so much Owning 1.1 of HDFC gets China no say in any matter related to HDFC. Yet China owns huge of Indian startups and thus can exert control on these companies as well as access data of Indians. 2. What kind of thought was put into this decision Its clear that Finance Ministry doesnt put much thought into most of its policies as evidenced by the downward spiral in economy and key finance ministry portfolio holders more interested in goli maro than economy. But is killing startups during an already fast growing global pandemic crisis really required 3. What kind of relief will India provide to its startups Indian govt coffers are already running on fumes. Just to deal with Coronavirus disaster billions of dollars would have to be spent by the govt that will leave little room for other reliefs. Infact the only way govt can survive is by taxing already tax payers even further. In this situation is Indian govt equipped to provide any relief to startups Many Indians have been celebrating the news of banning Chinese investments as if this is good news for the country. No it is not. It is stupid unplanned and achieves no real purpose. Huge Indian listed companies like HDFC cannot be taken over by China so easily while China already has lot of control on Indian startups due to existing investments. Govt could have smartly brought about antitakeover laws instead of outright banning all Chinese investments. Instead this govt has shown its foolishness again and with scant thought has enacted a rule that will spray gasoline on an already burning economy. Without any thought the ban button has been pressed yet again. The same ban button that has become Modis favourite for all situations.. Opinion There is a reason the rest of India cannot be Kerala. China needs to be taught a lesson in irony.. China says Indias new FDI rules violate WTO principles hopes for revision. China Slams Indias New FDI Rules Calls It Discriminatory 10 Points. Comments invited on The Draft Transgender Rules2020 Submit by 30th April: Department Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment Deadline 30th April Contact id tg.welfaremsjegov.in Documents [The Transgender Persons Protection of Rights Rules2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/thetransgenderpersonsprotectionofrightsrules2020.pdf [Submission format]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/submissionformat.xls. China reacts Indias new FDI rules violate WTO spirit. Is online voting possible Give reasons and suggestive measures please.: We talk about liberalism but for this to be a outcome we want a liberal hardworking leader who believe in true force of economics and policy. India has the maximum number of youth population which is living away from and migrating frequently for better jobs hence dont get time to vote. When this youth dont vote what we see as outcome is extremists leaders emerged from votes of extremists stereotype people. Like Owaisi and Sadhvi Pragya. Will this online platform help young people to choose politics as a career [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/g4ogsp. Its saddening to see what people are forced to do in these tough times.. Why is the porn ban so hard to implement: Im not looking for views pro/against. But it looks like theres not even an effort to implement the ban you simply disconnect from the landline and bam pun unintended full access to all sites. I couldnt find any news/research paper on the same is anyone better informed. Ecommerce firms hit hard as govt scraps permission for nonessentials. No Cut in Pension to Central Govt Employees Clarifies Finance Ministry Amid Reports. What you think the economy is gonna be like after this shit ends : [removed]. Covid19 Even if it cant let migrant workers go home India must treat them justly and humanely Better planning and more thoughtful policymaking could have at least softened the blow to Indian migrants left adrift because of the coronavirus lockdown.. Being a teacher no ones first priority. Will India ever grow: What we know that everyone in India wants to become a doctor or engineer some who wants to serve nation choose civil services. But no one choose to become a teacher. Some who choose to become teacher by choice they open a coaching centre in greed. So remaining those who have become teacher are not by choice they are just going there for few hours to earn money and not putting real effort. Because of not enough competition in this sector we are not able to generate best teaching potential from ourselves. Its effect would be seen in the long term. When we see in the elementary education we dont have good teachers with liberal views and professional ethics. What students will see they learn and grow with similar stereotypes. Will India ever grow in Intangible terms Cause tangible numbers are fake because of improportionate wealth distribution.. Sebi further increases scrutiny on investments from China. RBI Has Infused Rs. 1.2cr New Notes in The Market Amidst Coronavirus Lockdown. Agedlikemilk. China A Challenge to India and East Asia Prof. Srikanth Kondapalli Discussion Full QampA. How China dominates tech investments in India. Taking stock of COVID19 The seen and the unseen podcast. Protectionism should worry India: The paper by Indian institute of foreign trade argues that removing traffics on import from China boosts exports from India. Why is government not listening to the institute and keeps increasing duties to help a a few industries prosper like Steel industry at the expense of infrastructure automotive and other industries https//www.livemint.com/news/india/risingprotectionismnotrcepwithdrawalshouldworryindians11573540972497.html. This is what happens to the worlds planes when they cant fly for weeks. What HT Wouldnt Publish The Folly and Vanity of the Project to Redesign Delhi: [removed]. India toughens rules on investments from neighbours seen aimed at China. Odisha launches employment scheme for its urban poor.. FIR against exIAS officer K. Gopinathan Prashant Bhushan for tweets on govts Covid response. Miltary alliance with Australia: Hello Melbournian here. Whats the current relationship between our military forces I do not have a clear picture of current agreements unfortunately.. What about all the other avoidable deaths that our country is plagued with typhoid malaria dengue etc etc and worst is child malnutrition on average every year we have ten lacs loss of lifes attributed to these maladies. Its all well and nice we are tacking this virus but at what cost: https//www.reuters.com/article/ushealthcoronaviruschildrenunidUSKBN21Y2X7 India has lakhs of deaths every year in kids under age 5 due to malnutrition. That number will increase multiple fold due to the emerging economic crisis. But those deaths will not even be considered or attributed to the current government decision to lock down the economy.. RBI is saying lend please. Banks are saying no no no money with you is safer: RBI is saying lend please. Banks are saying no no no money with you is safer https//www.livemint.com/money/personalfinance/rbiissayinglendpleasebanksaresayingnononomoneywithyouissafer11587112912698.html. RBI is saying lend please. Banks are saying no no no money with you is safer: RBI is saying lend please. Banks are saying no no no money with you is safer https//www.livemint.com/money/personalfinance/rbiissayinglendpleasebanksaresayingnononomoneywithyouissafer11587112912698.html. RBI is saying lend please. Banks are saying no no no money with you is safer: RBI is saying lend please. Banks are saying no no no money with you is safer https//www.livemint.com/money/personalfinance/rbiissayinglendpleasebanksaresayingnononomoneywithyouissafer11587112912698.html. Comments invited on the Draft Transgender Persons Protection of Rights Rules2020 Submit by 30th April: Department Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment Deadline 30th April Contact id tg.welfaremsjegov.in Documents [The Transgender Persons Protection of Rights Rules2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/thetransgenderpersonsprotectionofrightsrules2020.pdf [Submission format]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/submissionformat.xls. To avoid hostile takeovers amid COVID19 India mandates approvals on Chinese investments. Realty Sector Praised RBI For Boosting Liquidity In System To Fight COVID19 Effect On The Economy Inventiva. India toughens rules on investments from neighbours seen aimed at China. Comparing Coronavirus Lockdown With 2016 Demonetization. Inventiva. India seeks to woo renewable energy firms shifting from China plans manufacturing hubs at ports. After Zoom Chinese apps TikTok Helo SHAREit on govt radar India does not have a data privacy law but a personal data protection bill is pending before the Lok Sabha. It is the countrys first attempt at regulating how personal digital data of citizens can be used by the government.. Government nod must for investment from China and its neighbours. Dharavis economy goes down the tubes. Compensation of Rs.10 lakhs to all Postal employees. SinoIndian Relationship post COVID19 DISCUSSION.: Post the pandemic china is gonna be facing a shit storm and India is definitely a country they want on their side. China is being kind and generous to India with donations of protective gear and has also promised to help produce ventilators etc. India on the other hand has not blamed China for the outbreak dispite the followers of the populist govt. criticizing china and what appears to be state backing media shit talking about china too. SinoIndian relationship has always been mature and dignified unlike IndoPak relations. And both India and China are wonderful at playing their cards on the geopolitical table. Given the situation and the slightly underwhelming govt and its international relations what do you think India will get out of this situation Will the govt. be content with masks and ventilators Will they push as far as permanant membership in P5 possibly ruining relations with japan unlikely I know. Is it likely India will criticize and blame china for lack of transparency and take a moral high and diplomatic relations low road How far do you think India will go Keep in mind that the last time China fucked up 1990s after Tiananmen square India pushed for Peace and Tranquility Agreement. Some interesting articles about the same. https//www.defencenews.in/article/WhyChinahaschangedtuneontieswithIndia830065 https//thediplomat.com/2020/04/howiscovid19reshapingchinaindiarelations/. Coronavirus pandemic As people act in their selfinterest and save India is getting into a recession. Chinas opacity contributed to spiralling corona infections and deaths. Its geopolitical effects will be long lasting. Panel Discussion Transcription: [removed]. Heres a Finshots Infographic breaking down statewise contribution to the countrys GDP.. Unpacking the Apple and Googles contact tracing foray: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/7ngdwzmocit41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps993c94df108deacd8525a48474125862af91340c Tl dr IFFs Working Paper on [Privacy Prescriptions for Technology Interventions on COVID19 in India]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1UK5rElhcdP5T3Y8fYP6cCgQKKpQBeOX/view affords significant space to the issue of contact tracing technologies. In Chapter 8 it offers a preliminary breakdown of the recently announced partnership between Apple and Google to provide a digital contact tracing solution. In this post we provide some insights into our working papers analysis of the partnership through the lens of whats good possible risks and the projects relevance for India. For more texture please read our working paper and feel free to provide us with feedback on how we can improve our findings. Background The Promise of Scale and Privacy Even as the Aarogya Setu application [crosses the 50 million download mark]https//theprint.in/tech/aarogyasetuisfastestappintheworldtoreach50millionusersdespiteprivacyconcerns/403025/ there is another project which people should take notice of. On April 10 2020 Apple and Google [announced]https//www.apple.com/in/newsroom/2020/04/appleandgooglepartneroncovid19contacttracingtechnology/ a partnership where they will collaborate on an interoperable contact tracing partnership. Considering they are the worlds two largest operating system OS providers for smartphones they have the scale to potentially offer these facilities to in excess of 3 billion users globally. The companies are positioning the system as a voluntary opt in system. It will be designed to notify users if they have come in contact with an infected individual. Subsequently it will offer users recommended courses of action which may range from quarantine to self isolation. This development essentially reflects earlier recommendations of technologists and stakeholders. Since these are pre existing infrastructures stakeholders suggest that it may be a viable alternative to creating new surveillance systems installed and monitored by government. In particular OS providers have been viewed as a promising alternative since these parties have considerable experience in deploying privacypreserving technologies like differential privacy or homomorphic encryption. Proposed Timelines Demonstrating the long term nature of the global response to COVID19 and the way contact tracing systems are increasingly linked with the reopening of future economic activities the plan is to introduce the system in two phases. 1. In Phase 1 to commence in May 2020 public health authorities will be given the capability to run apps in which iPhones and Android phones will be able exchange information anonymously with one another. The design will allow users of the public health app to voluntarily notify the system if they test positive for COVID19. Then users which were in close proximity in the last few days will be notified that such contact was made. The default timeline for this check will be 14 days. However health authorities will have the discretion to amend this. 2. Phase 2 will be administered over the course of a few months. This update to the programme will essentially reflect the recommendations discussed earlier. The contact tracing software will be embedded into the operating system itself which removes the need for users to download an application. This functionality will also be optin but the potential for this solution to scale is enormous and brings with its own set of opportunities and risks. The Project Emphasises Individual Privacy To reassure people on privacy Google and Apple stressed on the fact that consent will be baked into its design and they will not collect location data. To their credit after the publication of our working paper the two parties have [announced]https//www.cnet.com/news/appleandgooglesaytheywillshutdowncovid19trackingtoolsoncepandemicends/ that they intend to terminate the systems once the COVID19 pandemic ends. While this is a good step given the uncertain nature of timelines in relation to the coronavirus there is a need for greater specificity and transparency on this front and is not enough to allay concerns of permanence. Coming to technical aspects of the project it stresses that users will not be informed whom they came in contact with or where the contact takes place. The companies will also not be able to access this data and the entire system can be shut down if required. Similar to Singapores TraceTogether application and other global projects discussed in IFFs Working Paper the proposed project will be based on Bluetooth. Once contact is established devices exchange anonymous device identifiers which are updated for every users device on a daily basis which confirm a timestamped interaction. To enhance peoples privacy anonymous digital identifiers will change roughly every fifteen minutes. The [inconsistency]https//internetfreedom.in/isaarogyasetuprivacyfirstnopebutitcouldbeifthegovernmentwanted/ with the Aarogya Setu apps own efforts at privacy protections data minimisation and obfuscation is apparent. Should an individual test positive for COVID19 the person has the ability to enter their diagnosis into a corresponding app which is designed for health agencies. This application then must seek the consent of users to export their close proximity interactions which have been recorded in the days prior to diagnosis. This data which has been exported is stored temporarily in a remote server for 14 days. Again here it shows the level of agency and control being afforded to people and their personal data. Indeed this ethos has even been reflected in other promising contact tracing models studied by our Working Paper. When it comes to the devices of the people who have made contact with this diagnosed person the process flow is as follows. First the phone will check the server periodically to assess if any of its identifier keys are linked with COVID19 positive cases. All positive keys are downloaded back on to this individuals phone and matched anonymously for validation purposes. When matched a notification is sent to the other persons phone along with suggestions from health agencies on how they can quarantine and selfisolate. The project aims to create a common standard of interaction between different technologists and public health authorities across the world. The two firms state that privacy transparency and consent will be underlying pillars of this project. The actual solution will also be informed by the inputs of other stakeholders. To further transparency they have published specifications for Bluetooth cryptography i.e. encryption and API frameworks. As of now information on accountability mechanisms remains difficult to discern. Risks Arising from the Project One of the large outcomes of the coronavirus impact in relation to peoples increased dependence on information and communication technologies provided by big tech companies. Considering the fact that contact tracing solutions require the processing of highly sensitive personal information including health records and insights on peoples movements and/or interpersonal communications there is an added layer of complexity when these systems are managed by private sector behemoths. It is imperative that any private sector driven response to digital contact tracing must adequately tackle issues of transparency consent purpose limitation and corporate objectives. When private actors are entrusted for such projects there is a need to engender public trust. Name recognition and brand of course help with this trust but trust also covers facets like safety privacy and reliability. At a minimum these businesses must also have to comply on principles of 1 specific limited purpose where there is a specified end data and a defined outcome to the project 2 complete transparency and 3 strong enforcement mechanisms which can hold these businesses accountable and protect peoples fundamental rights to informational privacy. Stringent checks and balances are important to consider since the creation of new systems even if they are characterised as temporary are difficult to roll back. Aside from these general risks when analysing the project announced by Apple and Google we must stay vigilant in a few distinct ways. Negotiating Government Use of Personal Data The project discusses a system wherein once users of the application are diagnosed with the novel coronavirus they can export their records from the prior few days on to an external server. This external server allows public health officials to access relevant records. Since this means health departments in governments are granted access to peoples personal data there is an onus to ensure use limitations. Under the guise of contact tracing health authorities should not be allowed to share such information and insights towards civil liberty restrictions. For example Apple and Google will have to update the public on how its systems can and cannot be used by governments. Issues of Competition and Conflict of Interest Competition authorities and policymakers must carefully scrutinise this project in an exante manner. This is because it may severely deter competition and innovation in a crucial area of urgent public interest. There is a need to consider conflicts of interest at two levels. In the projects first phase Apple and Google will be competing with other applications developed by other groups companies consortiums researchers and governments. In this context there is a need for oversight on how App Store and Play Store treats its applications in comparison to other similar solutions. Second as the project evolves and integrates itself into the operating system we need to evaluate what it will mean for innovation in the space. Does the project envision a means to be interoperable with other operating system providers in smartphone and feature phone markets. Such systems should not leave us in a paradigm with one digital contact tracing solution where large technology firms and governments have unimpeachable control over the system. To mitigate such risks there may be an overriding need to administer exante impact assessments both economic and rights oriented. Should Such Projects Be Administered by Pureplay Corporate Structures At a fundamental level it is also important to consider the validity of such projects being administered in a purely corporate structure. Considering the overarching public interest in global responses to COVID19 and the human rights implications of contact tracing should these solutions and the supporting infrastructures be categorised as public digital infrastructures Instead should there be regulated access to publicprivate models Or should it merely be regulated opportunities for private actors to participate While the model remains unknown there is a need to have an expedited conversation on this front. Relevance for India and Whats Next It is important to highlight that Indias Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MeitY is undertaking a consultation which is relevant to this issue. In particular under May 31 2020 stakeholders may submit suggestions to a white paper toward a national strategy on National Open Digital Ecosystems. IFFs submission will address the whitepaper/consultations interlinkages with such conversations in its substantive response. Based on public feedback IFF intends to update its findings and recommendations to its working paper and share it directly with stakeholders involved in crucial decision making processes. Links to IFFs COVID19 Related Work 1. Working paper Privacy prescriptions for technology interventions around Covid19 in India dated April 13 2020 [Google Docs version]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1nDoPzygQyTetEguOlzula5O9y5f3f5YJDsA2Pd99O6U/edituspsharing / [PDF Version]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1UK5rElhcdP5T3Y8fYP6cCgQKKpQBeOX/viewuspsharing 2. Link to IFFs first explainer blog post summarising the working papers analysis of Indias Aarogya Setu app [link]https//internetfreedom.in/isaarogyasetuprivacyfirstnopebutitcouldbeifthegovernmentwanted/ 3. Representation to the Department for Telecom on ensuring connectivity and protecting net neutrality due to higher dependency on telecom networks [link]https//internetfreedom.in/urgentstepstobetakenbythedepartmentoftelecomduetothecovid/ 4. Representation to the Ministry of Health to issue an advisory against the disclosure of the names of persons placed under quarantine [link]https//internetfreedom.in/quarantinelist/ 5. Petition before the Supreme Court to restore 4G connectivity in Jammu and Kashmir to properly equip healthcare professional around Covid19 [link]https//internetfreedom.in/scissuesnoticeinfmpspetitionseekingrestorationof4ginternetservicesinjammukashmirduringcovid19crisis/ [The Corona virus is not only a threat to our health. We need your help now more than ever to protect your digital rights and ensure technology responses to COVID19 work toward your interests. Please donate to IFF today and become a member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. [Please Join in the Conversation at the Internet Freedom Forum as well.]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/. Unpacking the Apple and Googles contact tracing foray: [deleted]. What do you need to keep in mind when hiring for a startup: [removed]. PMCARES to be audited by independent auditors. Across India workers complain that employers used lockdown to defraud them of wages they are owed It is imperative that this money is reclaimed and not treated as an unavoidable collateral loss in the fight against Covid19.. How the coronavirus is driving new surveillance programs globally. Suggestions invited on Draft Electricity Amendment Bill 2020 Submit by 8th May: Department Ministry of Power Deadline 8th May 21 days from 17th April Contact id sandeep.naik68gov.in and debranjan.chattopadhyaynic.in Document [Draft\Electricity\Amendment\Bill\2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/draftelectricityamendmentbill2020.pdf. Wipros hiring will be slower in the coming months and current employees may be asked to go on leave without pay. Govt waives off four months rent for IT units operating out of software tech parks. PM lauds measures announced by RBI today will enhance liquidity and improve credit supply says PM. RBI announces second tranche of liquidity boost cuts reverse repo by 25 basis points Rs 50000 crore TLTRO 2.0 for NBFCs: [deleted]. Indian Central Bank Boosts Liquidity to Offset Virus Hit. RBI announces Long Term Repo Operations to address Liquidity issuesdecides to conduct Targeted Long Term Repo Operations TLTRO 2.0 for an aggregate amount of Rs 50000 crore to begin with.. RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das IMF Economic Counsellor has named it The Great lockdown estimating cumulative loss to global GDP over 202021 at around 9 trillion US dollars which is greater than the economies of Japan amp Germany combined.: [deleted]. [R] India and the Nations A hypothesis that the Federal Reserve can set interest rates based on the movements of the planet Mars. Here I have data going back to 1896 that shows how the Dow Jones performed when Mars was within 30 degrees of the lunar node. from appendix of Ares Le Mandat 4th ed: This is data going back to 1896 that shows how the Dow Jones performed during times when Mars was within 30 degrees of the lunar node. The data contains the daily percentage changes of the Dow Jones since 1896. This information was extrapolated from sources believed to be reliable regarding stock market data. [https//zenodo.org/record/3711110]https//zenodo.org/record/3711110. This Too Shall Pass Charting Indias Path Put of the Pandemic. In the Age of Faltering Democracies Noam Chomsky Is More Relevant Than Ever. This Bihar university is conducting exams from tomorrow on WhatsApp. Plea in Supreme Court seeks free calling internet DTH to ease psychological stress amid lockdown. The petition filed in SC by an advocate says that doing so will allow those stranded during the lockdown to remain in constant touch with their families.. Hit by sharp ad decline Indias newspapers cut jobs and salaries. Suggestions Invited on Draft Valuers Bill 2020 Submit by 14th May: Department Ministry of Corporate Affairs Deadline 14th May Notice date14th April Contact id tharvinderupscgov.in Document [Draft Valuers Bill 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/04/valuationbill2020.pdf. Mobile phones televisions refrigerators laptops and stationary items will be allowed to be sold through ecommerce platforms like Amazon Flipkart and Snapdeal from April 20 during lockdown Officials. India needs to learn a lesson from Brexit. H1B Visa Application Extension Considered by US Relief for Indians. Then finance minister Dr. Manmohan Singh after presenting historic 1991 budget. Credits Parveen Jain.: [deleted]. Amartya Sen Raghuram Rajan Abhijit Banerjee write A long haul spend wisely but dont skimp on the truly needy. If we dont repeat the mistakes as China when it comes to capitalism and I sincerely hope india become the next Superpower country.. Sanitary workers association calls for timely disbursement of salaries. Often we mistake PM cares funds and PM National Relief Funds as the same Check out the link to know the difference modi quarntine india Lockdown2 PMCaresFunds. Xana best digital Wallet app for buy and sell cryptocurrency. Lockdown 2.0 Govt bans sale of booze and tobacco. Revised MHA Guidelines for Lockdown in India: [removed]. CREDAI says property sales construction affected seeks govt help to tide over crisis. Madhya Pradesh to transfer Rs 1000 each to its stranded workers in other states. My father was fined by police today despite being an essential workerbank employee with necessary documents and pass: update 2 since people are victim blaming. Bihar government issued made it mandatory to have new pass issued from DM for new lockdown. The order was withdrawn as shown in the circular below as well as news clippings. My father had old pass from 1st part of lockdown since new one wasnt issued due to holiday yesterday and order being withdrawn by the government. Since government is so local police claimed traveling without Lockdown 2 pass is not allowed hence the pass. My father works in bank and travels with his bike to work. Despite no problem other than minor stop and check during first phase of lockdown he was stopped today and asked for pass and documents but even then Police fined him. He was given 2 options seizure of hi bike or pay challan. He paid the challan of course but fact remains he had necessary travel pass a copy of government circular allowing his movement his bank document. If this is how so called essential workers are harassed how will they do their work. But I shouldnt be surprised though given even doctors have been beaten evicted and worse. [ Copy of Challan]https//imgur.com/VNtpMBx [Newspaper clipping with new orders]https//imgur.com/85yBlgs [ Circular from government]https//www.docdroid.net/Cyews1U/transportinstructionpdf edit to the people claiming it is for helmet my aplogies my father hadnt memorised every single line of Motor act Ill ask him to do that today so he can force police to right exact code on the challan because as we all know Indian Police and that too Bihar Police are the most honest people in the world. They wouldnt dare lie ever./s Also my father is a 53 year old man who needs to drives 60 kms to work evryday so yes he was wearing helmet and gloves and shoes. He also has N95 mask for use at bank as well as sanitizer because hes dealing with 500 people on daily basis.. India Protests Killing Of 3 In Pak Firing In JampK Issues Demarche Report. Coronavirus IMF projects 1.9 growth for India in 2020. The pandemic will change public life as we know it Analysis. Coronavirus India and Economy. Is Aarogya Setu privacyfirst Nope but it could beIf the government wanted.: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/vmgjgubpbss41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps8df38fe76a58c706ec7ce91cbd1e7502243cbe48 Tl dr In todays speech announcing the extension of Indias national lockdown till 3rd May 2020 the countrys Prime Minister requested citizens to [download the Aarogya Setu application]https//www.news18.com/news/tech/pmmodisaysaarogyasetuappiscriticalinthefightagainstcovidhereishowitworks2576857.html. Unfortunately the application remains a privacy minefield and it does not adhere to principles of minimisation strict purpose limitation transparency and accountability. IFFs Working Paper analyses the application highlights how it is inconsistent with the right to privacy is conceivably a risk toward a permanent system of mass surveillance and suggests clear recommendations to arrest these risks. Background On April 13 2020 IFF released its working paper called [Privacy Prescriptions for technology interventions on COVID19 in India]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1UK5rElhcdP5T3Y8fYP6cCgQKKpQBeOX/view. A significant portion of this working paper is dedicated to the proliferation of experimental contact tracing applications not just in India but across the world. India has also launched its own contact tracing solution called Aarogya Setu. IFFs working paper was alert to this and Chapters 57 devote significant space in studying the emergent government and nongovernment practices standard setting processes and first principles in the space. Chapter 7 of the paper studies three specific models of contact tracing including the Singapore Governments Trace Together application MITs Private Kit Safe Paths initiative and Aarogya Setu. What is Contact Tracing According to the WHO contact tracing occurs in three steps namely a contact identification b contact listing and c contact follow up. In particular contact tracing is a pillar which helps public health officials in containing and the pace of transmission of the virus. This pace of transmission is measured by the unit R0 R naught which essentially connotes the number of people an infected person can spread the disease onto. Contact tracing has traditionally been administered through the use of on ground personnel and volunteer armies. However with the ubiquity of smartphones which collect vast troves of personal information governments across the world believe surveillance can aid with rapid contact tracing. But owing to the peculiarities of the coronavirus authorities across the world are beginning to realise the limited efficacy associated with respect to location surveillance both with cell tower data and with GPS signals. As a result governments and other groups have either released or are developing smartphone apps that use Bluetooth beacons or GPS signals to log instances wherein a users device comes in contact with another users device. When a user of the app is detected to have Covid19 contact tracing officers might be able to use the app to identify their close contacts in the prior days or weeks. Whats the Risk With the creation of such systems come new risks of institutionalisation of mass surveillance. Critically India lacks a comprehensive data protection law outdated surveillance and interception laws or any meaningful proposals for meaningful reform. In domains like disaster relief most apps which are purported as contact tracing technologies they often devolve into systems of movement control and lockdown enforcement. A lot of technology solutions with no demonstrable scientific value to the national response can be passed off as being in the public interest. It leads to poor deployment of public resources and also makes it difficult for crisis responders to discern between snake oil and quality technology products. These risks are exacerbated in technology markets since there are no adequate checks and balances in development phases which ensure quality. Such systems inadvertently discriminate against regions which have fewer concentrations of smartphones. Specifically it can lead to harmful outcomes for people residing in economically weaker areas. In countries public health systems are already creaking under the looming threat of capacity deficits. If such systems wrongly urge people to preemptively take tests then there is a risk that public health systems may be overwhelmed prematurely. It may also exacerbate the risks associated with the harvesting of personal data like health information and also see the creation of new privacy invasive systems. How to prevent these risks Such systems must consider embedding the following principles among others 1. The usage of these applications should be voluntary 2. All data should always be stored locally on peoples devices 3. This data must be encrypted 4. No Government can access it at a later point so must ensure nothing is centralised in a server 5. Governments must appreciate that any data from location information to proximity confirmations to health status to whether they have been placed in isolation is sensitive personal information. 6. Privacy by design is more than just assurances that phone numbers are not recorded all data is encrypted pseudonymisation is deployed or that the use of the app is voluntary and based on consent. Most of these protections have known techniques of circumvention. Therefore we need to adhere to two principles 1. Strict limits in terms of collection and duration every step of the way and 2. Comprehensive evidencebased justifications every step of the way Aarogya Setu compares unfavourably to Singapore and MIT https//preview.redd.it/0zw655ssbss41.jpgwidth540ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps488f2ca51d6a194e6858495a346eb42e072a2d5b Consider the following aspects. Is this for disease control or for other purposes In other countries health authorities are leading the efforts to respond to COVID19. For example in Singapore only its health ministry can use these systems or have access to any limited data/interaction which is shared with them. European authorities are making similar commitments. They assure citizens that law enforcement personnel will not have access to these systems or the data therein. In India multiple committees have been set up in the context of Aarogya Setu or other technology responses to the coronavirus. But formal notifications nor press reports have any reference to major involvement of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Instead health authorities are being tertiary institutional players. To protect peoples right to privacy countries including Singapore say that contact tracing will be used strictly for disease control and cannot be used to enforce lockdowns or quarantines. Aarogya Setu retains the flexibility to do just that or to ensure comply legal orders and so on. Minimisation What Minimisation 1. Singapore monitors peoples interactions through Bluetooth beacons MIT does it through GPS and then theres India which uses both. 2. Other apps just collect one data point which is subsequently replaced with a scrubbed device identifier. Indias Aarogya Setu collects multiple data points for personal and sensitive personal information which increases privacy risks. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/zy6tp8hvbss41.jpgwidth540ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsd9ea4b8aca61a8e38ec771f8ad785c5211b2bf17 https//preview.redd.it/mnrv4i6wbss41.jpgwidth540ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps23f8c169d0699880af385910b6ee8b4799d23955 No Transparency leads to discretion The only information we have of the app is its frontend and its rather pedestrian Terms of Service TOS and Privacy Policy. Other projects release as much information as possible in pursuit of transparency. This may include an accompanying manifesto technical specifications general FAQs and even its source code. Not only does Aarogya Setu go the opposite route but it also prohibits external good faith actors from reverse engineering the application for further scrutiny information security and other related research which help facilitate stability. Similarly the app is capable of wrongfully identifying people as COVID19 positive as admitted in the apps Terms of Service. We ask in our report the question in our paper does this mean people can get diagnosed as being infected with coronavirus based on an application rather than an actual medical test Similarly does this mean that a false positive entails that I cannot use public transport and go to work or leave the city to visit friends This evokes imagery of the Chinese model of surveillance during COVID19 and we have highlighted these risks as well in the report. No Accountability and No Auditability The Government has a blanket liability limitation clause inserted into its service agreements and privacy policies. This means citizens cannot hold the Government accountable or seek judicial remedy should they wish to ensure the Governments processes are compliant with the right to privacy. Second the Government talks about certain obligations to delete certain personal data from its application after a 30 day time period. However as expected this claim comes with enough exceptions which facilitate government discretion. This is compounded with the fact that both researchers and individual users cannot actually check if the Government has deleted peoples personal information and has no means of transparently auditing what the app is doing in the backend. Risk of Permanence and Compromises to Autonomy The Anonymisation Gambit Finally the app runs very palpable risks of either expanding in scope or becoming a permanent surveillance architecture. People are describing the current times as 9/11 on steroids. And with 9/11 we saw the creation and proliferation of mass interception capabilities for some governments. The Government has failed to provide any defined period by when it intends to review delete and ultimately destroy its systems and data which is collected under the Aarogya Setu project. Second there are already reports which confirm that this server is being linked with other government datasets. Such linking increases risks of permanent systems of mass surveillance. Finally the Government says that the TOS and Privacy Policy do not apply in any capacity to what falls under the category of anonymised data sets. The government cannot just say something is anonymised and aggregated so no longer personally identifiable without showing its citizens how it is ensuring this. This level of transparency is a minimum since the vulnerability of anonymised datasets to peoples informational privacy and security is well documented in information security communities. Considering the risk of these anonymised data sets becoming permanent systems of data analysis the Government has to keep itself accountable to public scrutiny. Conclusion IFF has addressed all of these challenges and many more when undertaking its case studies and the paper eventually sets out a series of 17 recommendations to ensure peoples informational privacy are protected even in these uncertain times wherein Indian authorities are viewing civil liberties as an afterthought. Links to IFFs COVID19 Related Work 1. Working paper Privacy prescriptions for technology interventions around Covid19 in India dated April 13 2020 [Google Docs version]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1nDoPzygQyTetEguOlzula5O9y5f3f5YJDsA2Pd99O6U/edituspsharing / [PDF Version]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1UK5rElhcdP5T3Y8fYP6cCgQKKpQBeOX/viewuspsharing 2. Representation to the Department for Telecom on ensuring connectivity and protecting net neutrality due to higher dependency on telecom networks [link]https//internetfreedom.in/urgentstepstobetakenbythedepartmentoftelecomduetothecovid/ 3. Representation to the Ministry of Health to issue an advisory against the disclosure of the names of persons placed under quarantine [link]https//internetfreedom.in/quarantinelist/ 4. Petition before the Supreme Court to restore 4G connectivity in Jammu and Kashmir to properly equip healthcare professional around Covid19 [link]https//internetfreedom.in/scissuesnoticeinfmpspetitionseekingrestorationof4ginternetservicesinjammukashmirduringcovid19crisis/ [The Corona virus is not only a threat to our health. Dont let COVID19 become 9/11 on steroids. We need your help now more than ever. Please donate to IFF today and become a member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/.. Is India Doing Enough in The COVID19 Fight Who is Bearing the Collater.... Economists of r/India can you give your views or comments on inflation in India and its relationship to unemployment . Read details below: Recently I was reading an article on inflation and unemployment gtA.W. Phillips was one of the first economists to present compelling evidence of the inverse relationship between unemployment and wage inflation. Phillips studied the relationship between unemployment and the rate of change of wages in the United Kingdom over a period of almost a full century 18611957 and he discovered that the latter could be explained by a the level of unemployment and b the rate of change of unemployment. gtPhillips hypothesized that when demand for labor is high and there are few unemployed workers employers can be expected to bid wages up quite rapidly. However when demand for labor is low and unemployment is high workers are reluctant to accept lower wages than the prevailing rate and as a result wage rates fall very slowly. gtA second factor that affects wage rate changes is the rate of change in unemployment. If business is booming employers will bid more vigorously for workers which means that demand for labor is increasing at a fast pace i.e. percentage unemployment is decreasing rapidly than they would if the demand for labor were either not increasing e.g. percentage unemployment is unchanging or only increasing at a slow pace. Does this mean the current governments quest for low inflation is indirectly leading to unemployment going up . Low inflation means companies and investors have no initiative to invest . However during times of inflation investors look for places to invest their money in since it will keep on losing its value if it kept ideal . During Congress years of 20042014 high inflation also most probably lead to increased consumer spending and expenditure. Since a large sector of Indian economy is dependent on internal consumption it experienced significant growth due to it The reserve bank of India has been also extremely focused on fighting inflation . Many people are saying that this obsession with inflation is causing them to keep interest rates too high as a result of which private companies have no initiative to borrow loans for new ventures gtAs these examples of hyperinflation show states have a powerful incentive to keep price rises in check. For the past century in the U.S. the approach has been to manage inflation using monetary policy. To do so the Federal Reserve the U.S. central bank relies on the relationship between inflation and interest rates. If interest rates are low companies and individuals can borrow cheaply to start a business earn a degree hire new workers or buy a shiny new boat. In other words low rates encourage spending and investing which generally stoke inflation in turn.By raising interest rates central banks can put a damper on these rampaging animal spirits https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/policy/islowinflationtheculpritforindiaseconomicwoes/articleshow/71190710.cms. Barclays cuts GDP forecast for India to zero for 2020. Ambedkar Birth anniversary. Why Legalize Now: [removed]. China taking full advantage of global economic slump. U.S. approves sale of missiles torpedoes to India. How people become Billionaire. India extends lockdown till 3rd May: [deleted]. India extends Lockdown till 3rd May. Coronavirus MGNREGA jobs crash to 1 of normal: [deleted]. Government increases project cost to expand Parliament building while arguing it does not have enough money for free testing. Helicopter money: So since we all know that Covid19 and its effects on economy both directly and indirectly I would like someone to help me with a term. Ive been hearing the term of helicopter money alot to paraphrase its the Central Banks printing alot of money and injecting it in the economy to encourage people to spend. My doubts are how much is its impact since its am unconventional method of controlling economy and its effects regarding inflation. Thanks alot.. India to boost drug ingredient output to pare China reliance The govt plans to ramp up production of pharmaceutical ingredients and become an alternative supplier for global drugmakers hit by factory shutdowns in China due to the Coronavirus outbreak.. Why is America nowadays praising India so much: [removed]. Worlds biggest lockdown may have cost Rs 78 lakh crore to Indian economy. As Farmers Wait For Rabi Procurement Numbers Do Little to Dispel Worries. Why do we need government charity funds like PM CARES during emergencies. COVID19 thwarts tax planning for several rich individuals and promoters Virus could hit the way Indian revenue authorities tax their individual foreign income.. A comprehensive look at Covid Surveillance and Privacy in India: https//preview.redd.it/5vdy8f5stjs41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps2ba025c1f8080b30fbfee028df1d46da2349d9e7 Tldr With a view to address the public health challenges due to Covid19 a range of technology interventions are being developed that impact personal privacy. We at IFF have been watching it with concern and have authored a comprehensive working paper to inform public policy formation in India. This includes a substantive analysis of the use and publication of health data specific development of surveillance technologies around location tracking and finally the deployment of contact tracing through handheld device applications. We devote substantial space to a frontend analysis of three contact applications Singapores TraceTogether MITs Private Kit Safe Paths Project and Aarogya Setu. We also consider the possible public policy and rights related ramifications of the recent announcement of a partnership between Apple and Google towards contact tracing. To conclude we make substantial prescriptions premised primarily on the legal framework of the Indian Supreme Courts developing jurisprudence on the fundamental right to privacy. Over this week we are going through a series of posts explaining how we can protect our health and privacy at the same time. Its possible if we try Reframing the Privacy and Public Health tradeoff The world seems like a distressing place right now irrespective of the number of pickme up videos from celebrities and influencers. A reason for this worry includes the substantial erosion of civil liberties such as the freedom of assembly and movement due to the advice from policy makers to maintain social distancing due to the Covid19 pandemic. In these extraordinary times it is very likely that the lockdown may not be a permanent feature of life and we again be able to meet our friends family and colleagues in person. However there are repeated warnings that some systems which are being developed and deployed will outlast the length of the pandemic. This prominently features fears of mass surveillance which hallows out democratic systems with incredible effectiveness. At the same time technology based solutions in a digital society provide for incredible facility in effectively tracing the path of infection of the Covid virus. One such solution which is being offered as being a compromise on privacy for the greater common good is the Aarogya Setu App by the Government of India. Recognising the digital nature of our society we must press each available facility including technology to neuter the threat posed by Covid. This must be done in a rights respecting manner and to make sure that such a realignment in policy priorities are made possible we have worked at pace to develop an exhaustive working paper that poses concerns and offers solutions on the path forward. Overview of the working paper This [working paper]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1nDoPzygQyTetEguOlzula5O9y5f3f5YJDsA2Pd99O6U/edituspsharing is a comprehensive effort spanning 88 pages and 9 sections. The first two sections are devoted to the basic premises of public health requirements and the existing legal framework for the fundamental right to privacy. We have then in the next three sections looked extensively at the three primary methods how technology based interventions have impact on the fundamental right to privacy. Starting with the collection use and dissemination of personal data which includes lists of people who have been placed in quarantine. Then going towards location based tracking and finally contact tracing. All three sections contain an analysis of influential literature and also some case studies to provide granular recommendations. Following this we also analyse the incentives which need to be factored to increase user adoption of technology interventions which we premise is based on growing trust. This can be achieved by respecting a persons autonomy and has to be done in a manner which respects their rights. To illustrate how a contact tracing system can be built around these prescriptions the paper builds out a frontend analysis of three contact applications Singapores TraceTogether MITs Private Kit Safe Paths Project and Aarogya Setu Pages 5973 in Section 7. We also look at the AppleGoogle partnership and the promise that it holds but also indicate the unique risks which emerge from transnational silicon valley companies deploying such solutions which requires a heightened level of scrutiny. Finally we end with an appeal to policymakers stating .Adapting a silicon valley adage if we move fast we may just break more than things possibly even democracy itself. It is hoped that this working paper provides policy makers in India with an opportunity to pause reflect and consider that constitutional imperatives of personal privacy must steer technology based responses to the Covid19 pandemic. We have three primary objectives from this working paper A comprehensive map on Covid technology interventions Our first and preliminary interest has been towards consolidating the incredible amount of literature on the technology based interventions that grows everyday. This is to document analyse and then later pose solutions. We have here aimed to learn from the practices and learnings from several foriegn jurisdictions that can aid thinking in India. Breaking the digital rights and technology development silos Today technology based interventions are being designed they are driven out of a desire to immediately address the health and safety of large populations. These are increasingly done by technologists and programmers who may require detailed literature on digital rights and the implications for democratic guarantees. We hope this paper which undertakes specific case study analysis helps assist design based thinking and provides for actionable guidance in a manner which protects people holistically by safeguarding their health and privacy. Collaborative solutions for government We dont have all the answers. But maybe if we work together some credible suggestions can be made to the government. Covid has brought a sense of urgency to collaboration and we hope to take your suggestions through this week and then submit this working paper to Government authorities. To facilitate ease of comment we are hosting it on [Google Docs]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1nDoPzygQyTetEguOlzula5O9y5f3f5YJDsA2Pd99O6U/edituspsharing with the functionality for comment and review. In addition to this please do engage with the wider community over at the [Internet Freedom Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/. What does IFF plan to do with this working paper We will first work through this week with a series of explainers on our website to break it down into smaller digestible pieces. So for instance by day after we plan to publish our case study comparison of contact tracing apps. This will be followed up by a further explainer on action based solutions to aid and assist policy makers. Based on feedback we receive through the week will also reach out to government technologists academics and experts. This working paper is only one of the many public advocacy strategies in our tool kit to protect your privacy and fight against mass surveillance. For instance we have already filed RTIs to improve transparency in the development of such technology based interventions. More action will be taken as we continue to advocate for the protection of personal privacy along with public health. Links to our Covid related work 1. Working paper Privacy prescriptions for technology interventions around Covid19 in India dated April 13 2020 [Google Docs version]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1nDoPzygQyTetEguOlzula5O9y5f3f5YJDsA2Pd99O6U/edituspsharing / [PDF Version]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1UK5rElhcdP5T3Y8fYP6cCgQKKpQBeOX/viewuspsharing 2. Representation to the Department for Telecom on ensuring connectivity and protecting net neutrality due to higher dependency on telecom networks [link]https//internetfreedom.in/urgentstepstobetakenbythedepartmentoftelecomduetothecovid/ 3. Representation to the Ministry of Health to issue an advisory against the disclosure of the names of persons placed under quarantine [link]https//internetfreedom.in/quarantinelist/ 4. Petition before the Supreme Court to restore 4G connectivity in Jammu and Kashmir to properly equip healthcare professional around Covid19 [link]https//internetfreedom.in/scissuesnoticeinfmpspetitionseekingrestorationof4ginternetservicesinjammukashmirduringcovid19crisis/ [The Corona virus is a not only a threat to our health. It is a threat to democracy. We need your help now more than ever. Please donate to IFF today and become a member.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Ran out of Chilly So I stole a chilly plant from my neighbor.: [removed]. Has a Trojan Horse entered the financial gates. Itll take India 9 months to come out of virus crisis Deepak Parekh. KCR asks RBI to go for helicopter money increasing FRBM limits. Covid19 MCA considers relaxing accounting guidelines for companies. Oyo revenues drop by 60 staff on 6090 day leave.. PM Cares Vs PM National Relief Fund All You Need To Know. Centre Still Owes States Over Rs 30000 Crore In GST Dues For FY20. Covid19 The perfect storm for deep reform. A comparison of health care systems in Europe structural trends in the face of Covid19 OpenCorporation Blog. Chinas central bank buys 1 stake in HDFC. Allow Phased Opening Of Alcohol Industry Online Sales CIBAC To Commerce Ministry Inventiva. An Honest Conversation About Demonetization: Long Post Warning Please note Im only looking at the big picture. Im not trying to minimize the suffering of lakhs just want to get an overall view of DeMo and its effects on the economy black money and the tax base. The Good Under the new Amnesty scheme 4900 crores of unaccounted income was declared by around 21000 people. Source [Rs 4900 crore black money disclosed under PMGKY Rs 2451 crore tax collected from it]https//www.businesstoday.in/current/economypolitics/blackmoneyrs4900croredisclosedunderpmgkyrs2451croretaxcollectedincometax/story/259891.html Over 2 lakh shell companies corporations that exists only on paper and are often linked to money laundering and movement of black money were struck off by the government rendering them illegal. Source [India Cancels 2.24 Lakh Suspected Shell Companies Post Demonetisation]https//www.bloombergquint.com/lawandpolicy/indiacancels224lakhsuspectedshellcompaniespostdemonetisation In similar but separate action around 3.09 lakh board of directors were disqualified for their companies failing to file financial statements and/or annual reports for a continuous period of three financial years. Source [Govt cancelled 2.24 lakh suspected shell companies post demonetisation disqualified 3.09 lakh directors]https//www.firstpost.com/business/govtcancelled224lakhsuspectedshellcompaniespostdemonetisationdisqualified309lakhdirectors4194085.html 48 per cent increase in deposits in Pradhan Mantri JanDhan Yojana PMJDY accounts with addition of 18 million accounts postdemonetisation November 9 to January 25 2017. The latest data indicate that 38.2 million new accounts were opened until July 26 2017 since demonetisation. Source [Demonetisation and Bank Deposit Growth]https//www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/MSMDemonetisation.aspx India witnessed a great jump in the account ownership during 20142017 as 80 percent Indians owned a bank account in 2017 there were only 35 percent bank account holders in 2011. Please note this is insignificant part due to the PMJDY accounts. Source [55 percent of all new bank accounts in the world opened from India Global Findex Report 2017]https//www.jagranjosh.com/currentaffairs/19croreindianadultsdonothavebankaccountsglobalfindexreport201715242039731 Several measures taken to improve transparency in the gold market including GST have seen a shift from offbook transactions to accounted transactions Source [Demonetisation GST impact India is fast ceding gold market share to China]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/demonetisationgstimpactindiaisfastcedinggoldmarketsharetochina1180503003881.html Much more transparency in the real estate segment which is rife with black money dealings. DeMo paved the way for new acts such as the RERA which further increase transparency. The immediate drop in the prices in real estate \30 can be attributed to black money not playing such a big part anymore Source [Demonetisation impact Real estate sector still recovering from the jolt]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/realestate/demonetisationimpactrealestatesectorstillrecoveringfromthejolt2432723.html. The real estate segment seems to recovering from the jolt but now with much higher accountability. Source [Impact of demonetisation on real estate recedes]https//www.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/impactofdemonetisationonrealestaterecedes1170614000581.html Direct Tax collection has increased siginificantly due to DeMo. Corporate income tax grew at 14 and Personal income tax grew at 13. Net collections increased by 17.1 in FY18 and 14.6 in FY17 despite income tax rates staying mostly the same in the last couple of years. Since the note ban direct tax buoyancy doubled from 0.6 times in FY16 to 1.3 times in FY17 and accelerated further to 1.7 times in FY18. Source [Direct tax collection up since demonetisation]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/directtaxcollectionupsincedemonetisation/articleshow/69077749.cms and [What demonetisation did to tax collections]https//www.thehindu.com/business/whatdemonetisationdidtotaxcollections/article23550004.ece The Bad Labourers in the textile footwear plastic and metal industry have been adversely affected by the demonetisation move.Labourers in the organised and unorganised sectors bore the biggest brunt of this move. In the time since the noteban over 50 lakh men have lost their jobs. The unemplyment rate hit a 45year high of 6.1 percent in 2018. Source [50 lakh people lost jobs since demonetisation says Azim Premji University report]https//www.businesstoday.in/sectors/jobs/50lakhpeoplelostjobssincedemonetisationsaysazimpremjiuniversityreport/story/337980.html In the immediate aftermath of DeMo MSMEs were the most badly affected. Small businesses with no access to PoS machines suffered during the immediate aftermath. This inadvertently led to the bigger players overpowering the market. Source [Demonetisation Indian SMEs suffered a blow still struggling to find their footing]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/smallbiz/smesector/demonitisationindiansmessufferedablowstillstrugglingtofindtheirfooting/articleshow/61541952.cmsfrommdr The manufacturing segment was hit pretty hard. The Nikkei India Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index PMI fell to 49.6 indicating a contraction. Cash flow issues battered the entire sector leading to lower employment reduction in production activity and rise in input costs. The Index of Industrial Production IIP saw just a 4.9 growth in November compared to 6.6 percent in October. Source [Demonetisation hits manufacturing sector]https//www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/Demonetisationhitsmanufacturingsector/article16979062.ece Agriculture was one of the worst hit sectors. The Ministry of Agriculture acknowledged that due to the lack of cash millions of farmers were unable to purchase seeds and fertilisers ahead of the rabi season. Due to the shortage of cash about 1.38 lakh quintals of wheat seeds of the national seed corporation were not even sold. Sale transport marketing and distribution of ready produce to wholesale centres or mandis is dominantly cashdependent. Disruptions breaks in the supply chains feedback to farmers as sales fall increased wastage of perishables lower revenues that show up as trade dues instead of cash in hand and when credited into bank accounts with limited access affect the sector. Incomes and profit margins were hit hard. Source [Demonetization The impact on agriculture]https//www.livemint.com/Opinion/B1vFTOgwqHjdM5nkmg2CxJ/DemonetizationTheimpactonagriculture.html The rural and informal economy suffered disproportionately as most of the transactions are cashbased. The pile up at wholesale markets lead to a sharp decline in the Wholesale price index WPI of perishables in the immediate aftermath of DeMo. Source [How demonetisation affected the Indian economy in 10 charts]https//www.livemint.com/Politics/ySbMKTIC4MINsz1btccBJO/HowdemonetisationaffectedtheIndianeconomyin10charts.html A systemic liquidity crunch was created due to the note ban leading to massive disruption in the supply and demand of several goods. The performance of the equity markets saw a sharp reversal but recovered quickly enough. Source [INDIAN DEMONETIZATION AND THE LIQUIDITY CONUNDRUM]https//insight.factset.com/indiandemonetizationandtheliquidityconundrum Economic growth slowed to 6.1 percent a loss of 23 percent. Please note we were already on the cusp of an economic slowdown and the subsequent measures such as DeMo and GST further aggravated the issue. Source [Demonetisation hit growth by 2 percentage points US Study]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/demonetisationhitgrowthby2percentagepointsusstudy/articleshow/67154320.cms The Ugly The excercise led to the death of several people and caused immeasurable distress to a significant percentage of the population. I dont feel the need to go into detail as this is not the point of this post. A couple more points Id like to add Just because 99.3 of the cash in circulation prior to DeMo has returned to the system doesnt mean that the excercise was a complete failure. The issue of black money was tackled on several fronts. I believe the main point of DeMo was never to take out a significant chunk of currency out of rotation despite what the government says. I believe the government got everyone on the blackmoney bandwagon as a way to make people feel that they personally were helping in the fight against black money. Again just my theory. I believe the true purpose of DeMo was to bring more transparency and accountability to the economic system in addition to making more and more of India tax compliant and a part of the formal economy. I do believe that the informal sector plays a very important role particularly in the times of economic crisis but thats a story for another day. Summing up Id like to point out that DeMo can neither be categorized as a success or a failure. It has its place in the grey neither black nor white as some people believe. Thats the point of my post. Thanks for reading.Please let me know if I missed anything and Id be happy to update my post.. India Superpower 2020 Tracing the brief history of a spectacularly incorrect prediction. Saving India from capitalists whove suddenly turned socialists. Plea in SC filed against RBIs 3month moratorium circular on loan repayment. IMF Ropes in Raghuram Rajan 11 Others to Key External Advisory Group. 30 crore poor gets Rs 28256 crore financial assistance under Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana The Financial Express. Lives amp livelihoods in India: [removed]. Questions about Indian billionaires Private Indian companies government policies and economy with respect to Coronavirus: [removed]. Questions about Indian billionaires Private Indian companies government policies and economy with respect to Coronavirus. This too Shall Pass Charting Our Path Out of this Pandemic. What the actual fuck . Lockdown likely to continue for two more weeks as most states in favour of extension. Overpopulation how I would go about trying to fix it: By 2050 we are projected to add a further 300mn more to our current 1.3bn to reach a total of 1.7bn. Quality of life issues are further exacerbated because of income/wealth inequality as were seeing played out in the Coivd19 crisis. This problem is not limited to India alone as all of South Asia has gone/is going through the same boom putting further pressure on limited resources in the region. Political parties dont want to touch this issue and for good reason India has a dark past with population control. The Indian state further cannot impose its will upon its citizenry as the Chinese state had in the past one child policy. In any event I personally believe people have an inalienable right to do what they want with their bodies whether that means having 5 children or no children. In my view whats required are policies that are geared towards rewarding those who dont have children in addition to current policies encouraging contraception. Participation will be totally voluntary. The following can be awarded to people who undertake to remain childless 1. Government issues bonds that mature in 30/40/50 years. It could be called the Bonds Issued To Childless Hedonists BITCH. At maturity this bond will be worth what the market dictates will be required to retire at 65. Instead of a child maturing and taking care of its parents the bond will. The corpus will be funded through borrowings raised on the basis of the savings the state is projected to make through decreased spending on public welfare services. 2. Alternatively government could also make a one time cash payment that would be further significantly less than the value of the proposed bond at maturity. 3. In lieu of cash payments/bond issues government could award agricultural land to childless persons. The value of the land proposed to be awarded will have to be the same for all awardees. 4. Medals/certificates/government mandated public approval. I personally dont care for this but most people do. In any event Indian society across the board seems to view childless people with suspicion. 5. Encouraging adoption through the policies noted earlier. I think this could work but is also very open to abuse people adopting orphans for payouts/child abuse already prevalent in adopted children so any execution would have to be subject to rigorous control. 6. School/university education geared towards encouraging childlessness. Its clear that resources need to be consumed more efficiently but even at peak efficiency resources will be consumed. The best way to reduce ones environmental impact would be to not have children. I want to make it clear that these policies will be totally voluntary there is no hint of coercion. However in order to ensure participants remain childless there will likely a degree of enforcement required. For instance participants will have to undergo vasectomies/tubal ligations. Naturally government will have to create a framework to follow up on continued childlessness of participants. Having said that government already has full knowledge of parents/children through its Aadhar database. Further all participants will be subject to a vetting process to ensure that there is no coercion by people looking to make a buck off human misery.. The Indian Food Security Crisis in 1960s And The Symphony Orchestra That Solved it. Straightforward Yes Raghuram Rajan On Return To India If Asked To Help. Straightforward Yes Raghuram Rajan On Return To India If Asked To Help. Ah now the govt needs NGOs does it. 4 Types of Sadaqah Every Muslim Should Practice in Ramadan 2020. Australias Big Stake in Indias Military Reorganization. Pandemic Policy in Developing Countries Recommendations for India Marginal REVOLUTION. 99.8 workforce in IT sector incapable of remote working Study. Asian Development Bank assures India of 2.2 billion dollars in Covid19 response aid. The need to investigate the NSO Group which was behind the Pegasus software is now more than ever.: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/p3vb8eexzxr41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampsa80eb8a5aafc7092e4017557ca41921f18c872f1 Tldr According to a Hindustan Times [report]https//www.hindustantimes.com/tech/pegasuscreatornsogrouphasacovid19softwarewhyyoushouldbeworried/storySMsYXKFoz9OPG2VBIKrA8L.html dated April 07 2020 the NSO Group has created a surveillance application to track COVID19 infected patients which they have been actively pitching to almost a dozen governments around the world to use. This is the same company which was behind the Pegasus software that was used to hack the Whatsapp applications of a substantial number of Indian citizens mainly journalists and human rights activists in May and June of 2019. Mindful of the potential harms of this COVID19 application being used by the Indian government we wrote to the Chief Ministers of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh urging them to establish committees to investigate the Whatsapp hack. Our key recommendations were to include victim and expert testimony in the investigation which should be carried out in a transparent manner. What happened Last year on May 14 2019 an [article]https//www.ft.com/content/4da1117e756c11e9be7d6d846537acab published in the Financial Times for the first time reported that Whatsapp discovered that attackers were able to install surveillance software on both iPhones and Android phones by ringing up targets using the apps phone call function. As per a statement by Whatsapp this vulnerability was patched and closed. On October 30 2019 Indian Express published a [report]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/whatsappconfirmsisraelispywareusedsnooponindianjournalistsactivistspegasusfacebook6095296/ containing statements made by Whatsapp which confirmed that the victims of the hack in India were mostly Indian journalists and human rights activists. Of these a significant number are situated in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh as the hack targeted lawyers related to the BhimaKoregaon case in Maharashtra and Dalit activists in Chhattisgarh. What is the law related to hacking Surveillance such as this which was carried through the Pegasus software developed by the NSO Group puts the personal and informational privacy of citizens at risk. This goes against the decision in Justice K.S. Puttaswamy vs Union of India which affirms informational privacy as one of the facets of the right to privacy. Additionally the Information Technology Act which deals with interception of data expressly prohibits hacking. Under S. 66 of the Act hacking is a criminal offense punishable by imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years or with fine which may extend to five lakh rupees or with both. Attempts at reputation laundering by the NSO Group We are bringing this up again right now because we are especially concerned about the operations of the NSO Group in India. It was reported in the Hindustan Times on April 07 2020 that NSO has now developed a surveillance app to track the spread of the COVID19 virus. The report also said that the NSO Group is actively pitching surveillance tools to their governments and to others around the world. It was not made clear whether NSO has approached the Indian Government. However since the NSO Group has already been accused of illegal surveillance privacy experts are of the opinion that the company might try to exploit this crisis to market intrusive systems. [The coronavirus pandemic presents a golden opportunity for corporate actors like the NSO Group to recast previously unpalatable behavior as life saving intervention.]https//theintercept.com/2020/04/02/coronaviruscovid19surveillanceprivacy/ Our recommendations 1. We recommend that the State governments of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh should establish an investigation committee to look into the hack committed in their state. 2. The Committee should have a fixed timeline in which to complete its investigation and submit its report to the State governments. 3. The Committee should allow for the victims or legal counsel on their behalf of the hack to testify before it. 4. The Committee should allow experts in the field of data privacy to testify before it. 5. The Committee should facilitate the registration of open FIRs and encourage that investigations are commenced immediately. 6. The Committee should operate in a transparent manner. Important Documents 1. Representation to the Chief Ministers of Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh seeking investigation into the Whatsapp hack carried out by NSO Groups Pegasus software dated 10.04.2020. [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1gE6YXMmo6dx2ft17XCVKVismd66tQhR/viewuspsharing 2. Statement Scary disclosures on use of NSO spyware in India signal a need for urgent reform. [link]https//internetfreedom.in/statementscarydisclosuresonuseofnsospywareinindiasignalaneedforurgentremedy/ 3. We provide the Standing Committees on Home Affairs with suggestions as they discuss the Pegasus scandal. [link]https//internetfreedom.in/weaskthestandingcommitteesonhomeaffairsandinformationtechnology/ 4. Representation to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs dated 14.11.2019. [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1XNkXAVhU6FpnwqoVfywMjDbCM3mEcb/view We will we will stalk you NSO Group Circa 2020. Help IFF in holding such companies accountable for their illegal actions by becoming [an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ And dont forget to [join our Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/ for closer dialogue with the IFF staff and community about technology society and law. A time for extraordinary action An unprecedented scale of state investment is required to lift up the Indian economy. Covid 19 Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science amp Technology invites inputs: The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science amp Technology Environment Forests amp Climate Change chaired by Jairam Ramesh is preparing a report on Environment Climate Change amp Public Health. Send your inputs to [rscstsansad.nic.in]mailtorscstsansad.nic.in. Source [https//twitter.com/Jairam\Ramesh/status/1248495220821356551]https//twitter.com/JairamRamesh/status/1248495220821356551. Pollution and other diseases cause much more death than COVID19 per year.: [removed]. Indias on fire.. Haryana doubles salaries of frontline health department staff. PM Modi Needs Political Courage to Fix PostLockdown Economy. Actual coronavirus cases at least four times the reported count Kiran MazumdarShaw Deccan Herald. RBI Monetary Policy Report on CoronaVirus Impact on Indian Economy. The Difference: [removed]. To help small firms India seen unveiling second coronavirus stimulus worth 13 billion. India had earlier outlined a Rs1.7 lakhcrore Covid package for the poorest of poor.. What is webhosting. SC issues notice in FMPs petition seeking restoration of 4G internet in JampK during COVID19 crisis: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/ez9fp6o2mrr41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps8321de6fea93331bdee6b452fb7f61a38c7d9960 Tldr Foundation for Media Professionals had filed a petition before the Supreme Court for restoration of 4G internet services in Jammu amp Kashmir on 31 March 2020. The petition was finally listed for hearing today i.e. 9 April 2020 before a 3 judge bench of NV Ramana J. Subhash Reddy J. and BR Gavai J. During the hearing the bench issued notice and the matter will be heard next after one week. Background Foundation for Media Professionals had filed a petition before the Supreme Court for restoration of 4G internet services in Jammu and Kashmir on 31 March 2020. The petition contended that the internet slowdown in Jammu amp Kashmir during the COVID19 crisis violated fundamental rights to healthcare education livelihood and justice guaranteed by the Constitution of India. Despite the COVID19 crisis gripping the country the government has continued directing internet service providers to slow down internet speed in Jammu amp Kashmir to 2G by citing security concerns. The most recent of these orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 was issued on [03 April 2020]http//jkhome.nic.in/22TSTSof2020.pdf and it is due to expire on 15 April 2020. 2G is an outdated technology which was phased out in 2008 with the launch of 3G and most modern websites and applications are too heavy to properly run on a 2G internet connection. While 4G internet services provide download speed of 150300 Mbps 2G internet services only provide download speed of upto 384 Kbps. ampx200B [JampK Doctors Tweet]https//preview.redd.it/e1f5q5p6mrr41.pngwidth640ampformatpngampautowebpamps61108bdc3b92f1d06a78a65a45332d2067dca842 Due to denial of 4G internet services healthcare professionals and ordinary people in Jammu amp Kashmir have been unable to access the latest information about treatment and management of COVID19 and relief measures. Further patients are forced to flock to hospitals which are hotbeds of infection to consult doctors about COVID19 and other ailments. This is because 2G internet services cannot support telemedicine which requires video to visually examine the patient. ampx200B [JampK Teachers Tweet]https//preview.redd.it/ybr8hgv8mrr41.pngwidth298ampformatpngampautowebpamps506f18b04aa10488edac202d812b8740ff515a54 In addition to its impact on healthcare the internet slowdown in Jammu amp Kashmir is also preventing children from continuing their education through online tools. Children in the region have already suffered major disruption to their education due to the communication shutdown and lockdown imposed on 05 August 2019 after abrogation of Article 370. The COVID19 crisis has forced schools to shut down again after reopening earlier this year. The government has fully embraced use of technology to combat the pandemic and it has launched a COVID19 dashboard WhatsApp chatbot and contact tracing app to widely disseminate accurate and latest information to the public and track spread of the disease. However at 2G speed the people of Jammu amp Kashmir may be unable to access life saving information through these tools. For instance the WhatsApp chatbot responds to queries with text infographics and videos but downloading images and videos is difficult without 4G internet services. Hearing before Supreme Court During todays hearing a 3 judge bench of NV Ramana J. Subhash Reddy J. and BR Gavai J. issued notice to the standing counsel of Jammu amp Kashmir and listed the matter for hearing after one week. This was the same bench which had earlier decided [Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India]https//internetfreedom.in/scsjudgementonkashmircommunicationisjustthebeginning/ which related to the communication shutdown imposed in Jammu amp Kashmir on 05 August 2019. Senior Advocate Mr. Huzefa Ahmadi represented the Foundation for Media Professionals during the hearing and we are extremely grateful to him for his efforts. We would also like to thank the wider legal team comprising of Advocate on Record Shadan Farasat and Advocates Vrinda Bhandari Jahnavi Sindhu Gautam Bhatia and Devdutta Mukhopadhyay who worked on this petition. IFFs Executive Director and Advocate Apar Gupta was also personally present with the Senior Advocate during todays hearing which happened via video conferencing. Important Documents 1. Writ petition filed by FMP [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1u8T6zldNXlabjA0igdXObA55fyX24Bz/viewuspsharing Were in this for the long haul. Support sustained advocacy against internet shutdowns by [becoming an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ And dont forget to [join our Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/ for closer dialogue with the IFF staff and community about technology society and law. Indias GDP May Fall to 4.8 for FY21 Due to COVID19 UN Report. Odisha extends lockdown till April 30 first state to do so. About 400 million workers in the informal sector in India may sink into poverty UN report. Size of coronavirus relief packages. 25 Retailers May Be Out of Business After Lockdown Retailers Association of India. Excess stocks of the Food Corporation of India must be released to the poor Jean Dreze writes Releasing food is all the more crucial as the emergency cash transfers proposed by the finance minister are likely to have severe limitations.. Cut down poplars in Kashmir to check Covid19 spread orders government. Big blow for scaling up testing: [removed]. Apex wildlife panel holds virtual conference clears infra projects. The relation between the Stock market and Economy its complicated: [removed]. As delivery workers emerge as frontline soldiers Indias government warms to ecommerce. Goldman Sachs has the bleakest forecast for Indian economy. Sharing to the world. Exclusive To help small firms India seen unveiling second coronavirus stimulus worth 13 billion. The relation between the Stock market and Economy its complicated: [removed]. The relation between the Stock market and Economy its complicated: [removed]. IT Department to release all pending income tax refunds up to Rs 5 lakhs immediately Around 14 lakh taxpayers to benefit. Indias GDP may plummet to a multidecade low of 1.6 in FY21 Goldman Sachs. Looking for a free aadhar card: Hello friends does anyone here know how I can get my hands on a free aadhar card btw Im not an Indian but I am muslim if that helps. Thanks in advance.. The Time of Monsters Coronavirus Class amp Neoliberalism BlackFlag India. Future pandemic and economic growth: [removed]. About 400 million workers in India may sink into poverty UN report. Whatever happened to RBIs reserve fund: [removed]. Followup on India Captures Chinese Ship Going To Pakistan With Components Of Ballistic Missiles: [removed]. https//www.financialexpress.com/industry/covid19impactsidbiunveilsreliefmeasuresforstartupsindustrywantsmore/1920676/: [removed]. MPs VCs action group to scout fund ideas to fight nCovid19 economic stress. Trump threatens India with retaliation if they dont export the antimalarial drug to the US.. Will coronavirus cause food shortages in India. Extensive testing is an insurance to avoid lockdown: [removed]. Kerala FM Thomas Isaac Will approach Supreme Court to make centre pay states GST cess for COVID fight. How Covid19 Pandemic Cripples the Indian Aviation Industry. Mamata Banerjee on Monday announced establishment of a global advisory board headed by Nobel prize winner Abhijit Vinayak Banerjee to help her draw up a plan for Bengal economy in the postlockdown period.. 17 new coronavirus cases reported in Jammu and Kashmir as of 900 AM Apr 05. Heres my side of the story as a small businessman: [removed]. Just a reminder that last August this government chose to transfer 1.76 lakh crore surplus from the RBI to the FY20 budget which couldve been used as a buffer during crisis times.. What happened to the 170k crore RBI injected into the economy last year Where did it go: Im no expert and Im asking this question out of curiosity and concern. The money was taken out reserves kept for war time emergencies not sure about this. Now we are in a real health emergency. Does RBI have enough funds to balance the losses caused by this crisis. The government is trying to generate funds through many methods PM cares MP salary cut world Bank loan etc.. How long can we go on like this Are we going to run out of cash With no major production and export how are we going to make money to feed the poor and daily wage workers. Are we in for collapse like Greece Or are we going to be okay I know at this time saving lives is paramount. But even for that we need cash right. Indias growth may slip below 3 in FY21 if coronavirus proliferates KPMG. Prioritize spending on poor Raghuram Rajan tells Modi. Beware USChina is creating the new world order.. Police refute Amar Ujala report about Tablighi Jamaat members misbehaving with medical staff. Is the government planning to take money from dormant accounts and transfer them to PM Cares fund: I saw this on a local language news channel that such a plan is being considered. I am unable to verify this anywhere. \ Is there any truth to this \ What is a dormant account I found different info on different sites \ Do accounts that were once dormant for a long period but active now be considered in this list. Concerns of Middle Class Tax Payer amid LOCK DOWN l Why no relief to Middle Class Tax payers.  . COVID19 curve seems started flattening: Looking at the number of reported infections yesterday it defies the trajectory only if the reporting is accurate. Thats a good news indeed. The curve is started flattening. Hope this trend continues.[COVID19]https//www.covid19india.org/. India Faces Greatest Economic Emergency Since Independence Says Raghuram Rajan. Grave global economic crisis or just an another slow down: [removed]. Bloomberg states that Global Tech is set to shift supply chains from China to countries like Vietnam and Taiwan primarily India is barely mentioned in this article. Whatever happened to Make in India. Oil prices are low print some money dont think of inflation says Abhijit Banerjee The conflict between life and livelihood is most troubling. Can China Beat US Economy During Coronavirus Pandemic. Delhi has not been given a single paisa from the 17000 crore allocated to states. Heres why: Hi there As is being reported by the news approximately 17000 crore has been allocated by the Centre to the States. Here is a representative news report [Centre grants Rs 17000cr to states to tackle coronavirus crisis Times of India]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/centregrantsrs17000crtostatestotacklecoronaviruscrisis/articleshow/74975956.cms Of this 17000 crore 11092 crore is the Unions contribution to the State Disaster Response Mitigation Funds SDRMFs and the rest is as a Revenue Deficit Grant. Tldr The short answer on why Delhi didnt see a single paisa of this money is because the Fifteenth Finance Commission XVFC has not included Delhi in its recommendations. This is because Delhi is not a state. The Finance Commission a constitutional body deals with financial relations between the Union Government and State Governments. Deep Dive The XVFC recommended creation of a new disaster mitigation and response fund at Union NDRMF and State levels SDRMFs. These new funds are distinct from the O.G. National Disaster Response Fund NDRF and SDRFs under the Disaster Management Act 2005. The NDRF and SRDFs are for meeting expenses for emergency response relief and rehabilitation due to any threatening disaster situation or disaster. The NDRMF and SDRMF are for local level and communitybased interventions which reduce risks and promote environmentallyfriendly settlements and livelihood practices. Large scale mitigation will continue to be addressed by broad developmental programs and policies of the Union and State Governments. Note 1 The difference here lies in the words response NDRF/SDRF and mitigation NDRMF/SDRMF. Mitigation is predisaster. Mitigation actions reduce or eliminate the loss of life and property by lessening the impact of disasters. Note 2 The NDRMF/SDRMF are statutory legal funds under the Disaster Management act 2005 . Just like the NDRF and SDRFs. Note 3 the Supreme Court in 2016 in an act of judicial activism directed the creation of a National Disaster Mitigation Fund NDMF and state SDMFs. This was criticized a lot cause the courts got no business in the executive working. This direction was not followed by most governments in India and has remained a nonstarter Similarly the approximately 6000 crore of RevenueDeficit Grants are only for state governments. Source 15th Finance Commission Report 202021. Pages 34 35 55 56 and 99. [Accessible here]https//fincomindia.nic.in/writereaddata/htmlenfiles/oldcommissionhtml/fincom15/XVFC20202120ReportEnglishWeb.pdf at the Finance Commissions website.. H1b petition to White House: [petition to White House to save H1bs like me during layoff ]https//petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/temporarilyextend60dayh1bvisagraceperiod180days I dont want to travel right now and the 180 days will be a savior Thank you. I predict there will be mass starvation and rioting as men go without food.: [removed]. Future economies: Predictions show that Indias GDP and Chinas GDP will surpass the USAs GDP by the year 2050. What are its implications on Indians Chinese and Americans. Will Modi leagalize weed after covid19 to recover the economy: [removed]. Watch this video to checkout Top 15 Countries by GDP Largest Economies Of The World Between 1970 to 2019. East Wind is coming....: Theres an east wind coming all the same such a wind as never blew on England yet. It will be cold and bitter Watson and a good many of us may wither before its blast. But its Gods own wind none the less and a cleaner better stronger land will lie in the sunshine when the storm has cleared. His last bow Sherlock Holmes 1917.[East Wind]https//en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eastwind. What Does The New RBI Moratorium Mean For Borrowers. Indias internet shutdown laws must be reformed: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/zy87u6z1uqq41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps63b456dedb4224dca0f38034a8c4be6011624aaf Tldr We wrote to the Department of Telecommunications and the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs to ensure reform of Indias internet shutdown laws remains a priority for the government. We have relied on the observations made by the Supreme Court in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India about gaps in the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 to urge for review of the Rules based on public consultation and economic impact assessment. Background On 10 January 2020 the Supreme Court delivered its judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India. This case related to the constitutionality of the communication shutdown imposed in Jammu and Kashmir on 05 August 2019 and it highlighted deficiencies in Indias internet shutdown framework. The Court noted that the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 had several gaps which needed to be addressed by the legislature including the lack of time limitation for shutdown orders. As a temporary stopgap measure the Court put in place two adhoc procedural safeguards. First the Court directed that all internet shutdown orders should be published. Second the Court directed the Review Committee to periodically review internet shutdown orders every seven working days. Unfortunately even these safeguards have not been complied with uniformly and internet shutdowns have been imposed in cities like Jabalpur without any publication of order. The government seems to be aware of the import of the judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India but no concrete steps have been taken so far for review of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. In response to a [parliamentary question]https//pqars.nic.in/annex/251/AU600.pdf the Minister of State for Communications stated in Rajya Sabha on 06 February 2020 that the government will review the Rules and conduct stakeholder consultation in view of the Supreme Courts observations. To ensure the government follows up with this assurance we have written to the Department of Telecommunications and the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs. Recommendations for Department of Telecommunications We first wrote to the Department of Telecommunications under the Ministry of Communications on 06 February 2020 and highlighted the massive economic losses caused by internet shutdowns in India. In particular we urged the Department to commence a public consultation to review the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. We also recommended that an urgent advisory be issued to all States and Union Territories to ensure that all internet shutdowns are ordered in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India. Noting that there was lack of any systematic record keeping by the government we have requested the Department to maintain a repository of all internet shutdown orders and conduct an economic impact to ascertain losses caused by internet shutdowns. We suspect that the losses will be extremely high with the Cellular Operators Association of India estimating that telecom operators lose Rs. 24.5 million per hour in every circle area where there is a shutdown or throttling. Recommendations for Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs We also wrote to the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs on 03 April 2020 to ensure implementation of the assurance made by the Minister of State for Communications in Rajya Sabha about review of Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. As per the Government of India Allocation of Business Rules 1961 the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs is responsible for culling out all assurances made in Parliament monitoring the status of their fulfilment and laying an implementation before Parliament. Assurances made in Parliament are usually required to be fulfilled within 3 months. However in this case the Department of Telecommunications has not taken any steps towards review of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 including putting out a call for public consultation. We recognize that due to the COVID19 pandemic the functioning of government ministries has been affected but this crisis also demonstrates how the internet has become a lifeline for many. Therefore even if there is an extension of implementation timelines review of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 must remain a priority and the Parliament must be apprised of the status of implementation of the assurance made by the Ministry of Communications. Important Documents 1. Representation dated 06.02.2020 sent to MoC and MeitY [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1LrTMLJomprMlQZLcBW8iKmldasGyn8I/viewuspsharing 2. Representation dated 03.04.2020 sent to MoP and MLampJ [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/16vksUsPwk0OH9vvA6LY9PzF4xZBWUBHz/viewuspsharing Were in this for the long haul. Support sustained advocacy against internet shutdowns by [becoming an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ And dont forget to [join our Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/ for closer dialogue with the IFF staff and community about technology society and law. INDIAS INTERNET SHUTDOWN LAWS MUST BE REFORMED: ampx200B [img]pdturjomtqq41 Tldr We wrote to the Department of Telecommunications and the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs to ensure reform of Indias internet shutdown laws remains a priority for the government. We have relied on the observations made by the Supreme Court in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India about gaps in the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 to urge for review of the Rules based on public consultation and economic impact assessment. Background On 10 January 2020 the Supreme Court delivered its judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India. This case related to the constitutionality of the communication shutdown imposed in Jammu and Kashmir on 05 August 2019 and it highlighted deficiencies in Indias internet shutdown framework. The Court noted that the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 had several gaps which needed to be addressed by the legislature including the lack of time limitation for shutdown orders. As a temporary stopgap measure the Court put in place two adhoc procedural safeguards. First the Court directed that all internet shutdown orders should be published. Second the Court directed the Review Committee to periodically review internet shutdown orders every seven working days. Unfortunately even these safeguards have not been complied with uniformly and internet shutdowns have been imposed in cities like Jabalpur without any publication of order. The government seems to be aware of the import of the judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India but no concrete steps have been taken so far for review of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. In response to a [parliamentary question]https//pqars.nic.in/annex/251/AU600.pdf the Minister of State for Communications stated in Rajya Sabha on 06 February 2020 that the government will review the Rules and conduct stakeholder consultation in view of the Supreme Courts observations. To ensure the government follows up with this assurance we have written to the Department of Telecommunications and the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs. Recommendations for Department of Telecommunications We first wrote to the Department of Telecommunications under the Ministry of Communications on 06 February 2020 and highlighted the massive economic losses caused by internet shutdowns in India. In particular we urged the Department to commence a public consultation to review the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. We also recommended that an urgent advisory be issued to all States and Union Territories to ensure that all internet shutdowns are ordered in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India. Noting that there was lack of any systematic record keeping by the government we have requested the Department to maintain a repository of all internet shutdown orders and conduct an economic impact to ascertain losses caused by internet shutdowns. We suspect that the losses will be extremely high with the Cellular Operators Association of India estimating that telecom operators lose Rs. 24.5 million per hour in every circle area where there is a shutdown or throttling. Recommendations for Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs We also wrote to the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs on 03 April 2020 to ensure implementation of the assurance made by the Minister of State for Communications in Rajya Sabha about review of Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. As per the Government of India Allocation of Business Rules 1961 the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs is responsible for culling out all assurances made in Parliament monitoring the status of their fulfilment and laying an implementation before Parliament. Assurances made in Parliament are usually required to be fulfilled within 3 months. However in this case the Department of Telecommunications has not taken any steps towards review of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 including putting out a call for public consultation. We recognize that due to the COVID19 pandemic the functioning of government ministries has been affected but this crisis also demonstrates how the internet has become a lifeline for many. Therefore even if there is an extension of implementation timelines review of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 must remain a priority and the Parliament must be apprised of the status of implementation of the assurance made by the Ministry of Communications. Important Documents 1. Representation dated 06.02.2020 sent to MoC and MeitY [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1LrTMLJomprMlQZLcBW8iKmldasGyn8I/viewuspsharing 2. Representation dated 03.04.2020 sent to MoP and MLampJ [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/16vksUsPwk0OH9vvA6LY9PzF4xZBWUBHz/viewuspsharing Were in this for the long haul. Support sustained advocacy against internet shutdowns by [becoming an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ And dont forget to [join our Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/ for closer dialogue with the IFF staff and community about technology society and law. Suggestions invited to draft urgent action plan to address the issues being faced by female migrant population in the wake of covid 19 crisis: Suggestions invited to draft urgent action plan to address the issues being faced by female migrant population in the wake of covid 19 crisis. Contact id palakjain.ncwgov.in. We are facing one of the most challenging times in human history. We are facing one of the most severe medical crises since WW1 which will have economic effects that may rival or exceed the great depression. In such a time there is global deffecit of leadership from Modi in India to Trump in America: There is a global crises of leadership. Under Trump and his America first policy America has receded from the world stage leaving space for China space which China used to gain influence over the WHO the current chief of the WHO always had a favourable standing with China with his rival for the chairmanship of the WHO Dr David Nabarro alleging during the race for the chairmanship that the current WHO chief has close contacts with China and its leadership. These allegations are further reaffirmed when the WHO chief went to Wuhan on the 13th of January 2020 and issued a formal statement that there is no human to human transmission of the Corona Virus. The above events show Trumps failing as a global leader and the recession of one of the major democratic players from the world stage. Trump also took the Corona Virus very very lightly downplaying the intelligence over the same provided by his own national agencies he has previously ignored serious advisories by his national agencies for example Russias interference in US elections and the Khashguni murders. Now coming to India no political party in India has ever worked on the health infrastructure other than a few marquee projects like building one or two AIIMS. This is the same for this government as well however other governments failings do not justify this governments lack of action with regards to building health facilities. Currently India has .8 doctors per thousand patients which is well below recommended standard. Im sure even this figure is inflated as of late the government has started to recognise or offering bridge programs to AYUSH doctors. When the Delhi state government started to build Mohalla Clinics then the current ruling national government tried its best to stop their development the D.D.A which is controlled by the Central Government didnt alot them any land forcing Mohalla Clinics to be built on the side of the roads in porta cabins. As they were on the side of the roads they are cramped such cramped atmosphere promoted for the spread of the disease. Now the government knows that its going to loose this war if a vaccine doesnt come out soon and to be very frank a vaccine will take at least 1218 months so now the ruling dispensation is trying to divert attention on communal grounds helped by the fact that one religious gathering carried the Corona Virus all over the country in the same way that a religious community spread it in South Korea. The question is whether now this crisis plays a role in removing these leaders and making way for a more sensible breed of leadership or whether it strengthens their grip on power as has happened in Hungary.. Google Mobility Report on changes in human mobility patterns since the lockdown in India. Forbes prediction..... Top One Indian Man Whos the best. I do not understand AntiModi revolution in India: [removed]. India...your economy is fsiling. In 4 years India put 4200 foreigners on visa blacklist for Tablighi activities. NCR Mumbai stare at up to 1.7bn per week loss due to shutdown Barclays. For over 200000 Indians the wait for a green card is longer than their lifetimes. Loan deferment calculator. Another Masterstroke. Covid19 crisis Is it time to rethink longterm national economic strategy. Request to the Government.: [removed]. Moodys changes outlook on Indian banks to negative. I made a Political Stance Test for Indians: Hello r/india A few days ago I took some of those political compass tests but I found them to be a bit westernized to properly assess my opinions. It kept bugging me. So I decided to make my own test based on socioeconomic problems we face in our country. You may find that each statement somewhat simplified but the nature of the questions is to gauge your instinctive opinions on the issue. If the idea seems interesting to you [take the test here]https//forms.gle/6dupJ7Kz7mhY9SnQ7. If you do not want to share your Email just enter a fake Email on the form and DM me on Reddit what fake Email you used. I will DM the result back to you here on Reddit.. I made a Political Compass Test for Indians: Hello r/india A few days ago I took some of those political compass tests but I found them to be a bit westernized to properly assess my opinions. It kept bugging me. So I decided to make my own test based on socioeconomic problems we face in our country. You may find that each statement somewhat simplified but the nature of the questions is to gauge your instinctive opinions on the issue. If the idea seems interesting to you [take the test here]https//forms.gle/6dupJ7Kz7mhY9SnQ7.. Will we get a detailed report on what the money collected in PMCARES gets used for: I would like to see a detailed report of the money collected and spent from pmcares fund. Can I expect as much from the administration Where does one usually go to seek such info. Coronavirus Supreme Court To Hear Plea Seeking Imposition Of Financial Emergency In India. Details and FAQs related to Loan EMI Moratorium of major banks: Private Banks HDFC Bank [Link]https//www.hdfcbank.com/personal/pay/paymentsolutions/loanrepayment ICICI Bank [Link]https//www.icicibank.com/ Axis Bank [Link]https//www.axisbank.com/availmoratoriumonbankemi Kotak Bank [PDF Link]https//www.kotak.com/content/dam/Kotak/bankspolicyoncovidrelatedreschedulementofdues.pdf IndusInd Bank [Link]https//www.indusind.com/content/home/covid19onmoratorium.html Bandhan Bank [PDF Link]https//www.bandhanbank.com/pdf/COVID19Regulatorypackage.pdf PSU Banks State Bank of India [Link]https//www.sbi.co.in/stopemi Bank of Baroda [Link]https//www.bankofbaroda.in/covid19relatedfaqs.htm Punjab National Bank [PDF Link]https//www.pnbindia.in/downloadprocess.aspxfid2s/aGouXIkpnb3zrsK08w IDBI Bank [Link]https//www.idbibank.in/faqcovidinstallment.asp Notes 1 Remember nothing is free when you are dealing with banks. 2 Do go through the FAQs and Terms amp Conditions of respective banks where you have ongoing EMIs. 3 If you are still confused always a best choice to talk to the customer support. 4 If you are in good condition to pay the EMIs pay them. Opting for the moratorium will definitely increase your interest and/or extend EMI duration.. Salary cuts in private sector: Im looking forward to know the different private sector companies mostly MNC across India who have started layoffs and salary cuts. As i have received notifications from different posts across Twitter amp Online Platforms hiring across IT companies are at a pause. At this rate does this match with the IT economy going to take a further hit . Spontaneous Order Dialogue on Indias Jobs Crisis Causes and Solutions. Ordinance issued to make PM CARES donations tax free. Amazon robots get paid time off medical and dental. Tamil Nadu reports 110 new coronavirus cases all linked to Nizamuddin event. EMI Moratorium Borrowers unlikely to get significant gains banks to charge interest later.. Capital preservation and investing during and after the COVID19 crisis.: Our founder u/cryptohayek gives his thoughts on how you can better protect your financial well being during the COVID19 Crisis. [https//medium.com/cryptohayek/covid19andyourfinancialwellbeing346dc20dc64f]https//medium.com/cryptohayek/covid19andyourfinancialwellbeing346dc20dc64f. External growth is passe we now need internal growth. When are you guys gunna become a super power: I thought it was supposes to happen by now.... Reality check Modi government fails to keep its promise of constructing 13 more AIIMS India News. Fearful FPIs march out of Indian markets pull out a record 15.9 billion. If Covid19 hadnt caused the stock market crash something else would have. Millions will be in poverty after the pandemic. Despite 3mth moratorium announcement borrowers claim of getting EMI reminders. PPF to fetch 7.1 NSC 6.8 as govt slashes small savings schemes interest rates. PPF rate slashed to 7.1 lowest in 43 years small savings rates cut up to 1.4: [deleted]. New India Russia transport link worries US wont impact BRI Left Review Online. Kerala reports second death. RBI moratorium on EMIs: Since the RBI announcement has any bank come up with actual terms of deferment I find very little information coming directly from the banks but many sites speculate without any underlying fact. Everything is so confusing should I pay EMI or not Can someone please clarify. Turning stadiums into jails and treating migrants as criminals Why Modis apology rings hollow. We need a temporary basic income program for the poor to help them overcome the crisis.: Everyone knows that the poor of India will be hit heard due to the COVID19 crisis. So I think government need to help them with a basic income of Rs 15000 per quarter per family for 3 years. Cost If the poorest 25 families are targeted the total cost would be 7cr x 60000 Rs 420000 cr per year. If poorest 50 families are targeted the cost would be Rs 840000 cr year. The Source of Money Government can raise that fund by issuing bonds. No one will care much if government debt is increased during a time of crisis. It is an war afterall.. Coronavirus impact on world economy World economy will go into recession with likely exception of India China UN. Now they cant blame COVID19 for current economy. Telangana announces salary cuts for govt employees and pensioner. Following the money China Incs growing stake in IndiaChina relations. A Government Without Strategy and Also Without Humanity. Can any country/ agency ever come forward to stop the wildlife meat trade or trafficking: Even though we know about the source can any country or global agency come forward to stop it I guess we will go back to chase the never ending pursuit of unsustainable profit mongering once this pandemic is controlled. [View Poll]https//www.reddit.com/poll/frsr3k. Business Vs Covid 19: [removed]. PostCovid Indian Economy: [removed]. The Covid19 Lockdown May Cost Huge to India Economy. Quarantine lists breach individual privacy Social solidarity in times of Covid19 SaveOurPrivacy: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/awhmevos5rp41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps96a2a28c67ff238e88d2e527bef8579ed78ca71e Tldr Multiple press reports have emerged on lists of persons placed under quarantine who are suspected to be infected with Covid19. Many of these lists have been circulated on social media and WhatsApp groups primarily those formed by Resident Welfare Associations and Group Housing Societies. The circulation of this information is a breach of personal privacy and is exposing such quarantines to second order harms. To address it we have urged the Ministry of Health Ministry of Urban Development and Housing and the National Real Estate Development Council NARDECO to urgently issue advisories. Time to stop spy the neighbour It is day 6 of a national lockdown to prevent the spread of Covid19. Repeated calls are being made public officials to maintain social solidarity and offer support. This spirit of social cooperation is jarring to the indiscriminate sharing of lists of persons who are suffering from Covid19 infection or are suspected of being carriers or fall within a risk category due to recent travel. These lists of persons are being principally shared through digital means. This increases the field of dissemination of personally identifiable information and can lead to acute harm. Several press reports have emerged that such lists are being circulated on social media and WhatsApp groups principally those formed by Resident Welfare Associations and Group Housing Societies. Further compounding this problem is that many of these lists seem to have been compiled by departments in State Governments and published on websites or leaked. These lists are not uniform and while may not contain the name of the person do contain personally identifiable information such as the addresses and the relatives of such persons. It is enabling discrimination denial of essential health care and food items and even leading to instances where persons placed under quarantine are being placed under pressure of eviction by landlords and apartment societies. ampx200B [Screengrab from the website of the Karnataka State Government Portal]https//preview.redd.it/1a1vxrcx5rp41.jpgwidth1024ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsd0b372a99581c6d6b7d20079404279be52ca729d Vaishnav Jan To Tene Kahiye Spurred by increasing press reports we have taken action by writing representations to the [Ministry of Health]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Hov2bcNt0dX2j1pNMJUc82muozQNhV/viewuspsharing [Ministry of Urban Housing]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1M9EUPaYsrho66FUMUDhpRRSjsMdheboA/viewuspsharing and the [National Real Estate Development Council ]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1qFXpHcgnt5DJCzN7l1mmjBAWJCQvSmKg/viewuspsharingto issue urgent advisories against the sharing of such lists. We placed reliance on specific provisions of law including the Supreme Courts 9 judge bench privacy judgement provisions of Indian Medical Council Regulations and the Information Technology Act. Here much of our thought has been shaped by the leadership of the Jan Swasthya Abhiyan that[has written a representation on March 23 2020.]http//phmindia.org/2020/03/23/jsastatementonbreachofconfidentialityaroundcoronaviruscases/ Beyond a breach of law is a poor public policy choice at the time of a pandemic. Sharing of information weakens social solidarity that is needed to counter this shared and unprecedented social challenge. It is literally turning neighbour against neighbour. We believe that state responses can be crafted while protecting the fundamental right to privacy as guaranteed under the Constitution. In our constitutional framework one of the core values to advance the aims of social justice is of fraternity. This value in ambedkarite thought has been [explained by Shiveshwar Kundu]https//roundtableindia.co.in/index.phpoptioncomcontentampviewarticleampid9561ambedkarstrystwithfraternityampcatid129ampItemid195 as \[c\]entral to this idea of fraternity is the notion of friendship. By releasing such lists containing personally identifiable information this notion of social collegiality is replaced by private vigilantism. It undermines the founding ethos of our republic is beautifuly contained in Narsi Mehtas poem [Vaishnav Jan To Tene Kahiye]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/VaishnavaJanaTo that was often sung as a hym by Gandhi jee as a call for practiced empathy. Continued actions on protecting digital rights in times of Covid19 IFF intends to do more. As next steps we commit to writing directly to the Chief Ministers and the Health Departments of specific state governments. Through the week we will also be articulating a nuanced position on contact tracing as being offered by several smartphone applications and its impact on personal privacy. We are attempting our best to safegaurd your digital liberties as emergency measures are implemented due to Covid19. These include support for [internet access without compromising net neutrality]https//internetfreedom.in/urgentstepstobetakenbythedepartmentoftelecomduetothecovid/ [preventing internet shutdowns that can compound health risks]https//internetfreedom.in/internetslowdowninjammuandkashmircouldcostlivesduringcovid19pandemic/ and continuing our work against [illegal surveillance drones which are likely to be used in heavy handed ways]https//internetfreedom.in/delhipoliceadmitstousingdrones/ against people who are scrabling to arrange essential commodities and rations for daily living. If you think we can do more or focus on any specific concern related to digital rights as always please do reach out to us. We try to respond to every email and have even created a public forum link in the footer where you can have sustained conversations with IFF staff. Important Documents 1. Representation dated March 30 2020 to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Hov2bcNt0dX2j1pNMJUc82muozQNhV/viewuspsharing 2. Representation dated March 30 2020 to the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1qFXpHcgnt5DJCzN7l1mmjBAWJCQvSmKg 3. Representation dated March 30 2020 to the National Real Estate Development Council [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1qFXpHcgnt5DJCzN7l1mmjBAWJCQvSmKg/viewuspsharing [Become an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ and we assure you we will work hard to protect your digital rights in times of Covid19. If you want to engage with the IFF staff and community join the [Internet Freedom Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/. Can BJP donate their electoral bonds: [removed]. The Prime Minister in a conference call yesterday asked homeopathic and Ayurvedic Doctors to fight Corona Virus: The prime minister yesterday asked homeopathic and Ayurvedic Doctors to help fight the Corona virus. He also asked them to conduct research on Corona virus. What are your views on getting treated by a homeopathic or Ayurvedic doctor for Corona virus Do you think it was wise of him to waist precious hours in an emergency to talk to AYUSH practitioners rather than with real doctors . Bryan Callen Chinas oppression limits its innovation. You can hold a gun to a mans head and make him move a box or a rock you cannot hold a gun to a mans head and make him have a great idea. Sad but true : [deleted]. India To Grow Fastest Among G20 Economies Amid Corona Impact Report. Meanwhile..... Global temperature oscillation 19612019. Govt forms ministeriallevel committee to resolve supplychain issues. Indias Response To COVID19 Will Define Its Future Global Role. My Mask My Rules. China created this disaster. We Indians should boycott products made by Chinese government companies like Huawei Xiaomi and MG Motors.: [removed]. recession2020. World war 3 to ensue Indulge in my tomfoolery please: Sorry to put kick everyone when they are down. But I was chatting with a friend of mine who suggested this possibility. Im sure the history buffs would love to discuss this as disheartening as it is. So nobody really knows when the pandemic will end but one this is for sure that when it does end the economies of the countries are going to be in the shitter. Its going to take a huge toll on the resources and thereby lead to resource shortage. In this scenario do you people think the countries will go to war over resources Im sure most countries who have somewhat a strategic thought have already thought of this and perhaps are bracing for the impact. While the country is suffering now it is also important for it to stock itself as well if the possibility of war is real. So it makes sense that sooner the country deals with this the better it might be prepared to deal with the next tragedy in waiting. I just want to know what people here think. Im trying not to make this post political cause the spin will be different but please understand most of the countries have right wing leaders who have a horrible human rights record. Im not speaking all the countries but most like America India Brazil most middle eastern nations etc. then we have the China Russia and Korea. I mean are things perfectly lining up for the most favourable conditions for a war Cheers.. RBIs 3month moratorium Higher interest if you defer EMI payments. Kerala Government invites idea amp product solution to fight against Corona: Kerala Startup Mission on behalf of Government of Kerala is calling for innovative ideas and solutions to defend and hunt down the Global Pandemic from the Avengers around us. The categories are Ideas to support Covid 19 Patients Ideas to support Quarantine Covid 19 patients Ideas to arrest Community Outbreak If it happens Ideas for effective Logistics amp Distribution Food/Medicine/Grocery Ideas to support vulnerable people aged/infants Ideas to support system during Shutdown Hardware Temporary medical items or substitutes or any hardware product that can be useful during the time of crisis Ideas that support during economic slowdown if happens Do It Yourself DIY Projects Creating masks sanitizers gloves etc Any other ideas / solutions which support prevention of Covid 19 Ideas to create Employment opportunities during lockdown Check https//breakcorona.in/ for more details.. Do You Know 25 What Steps the RBI taken in Light of Covid19 and What Its Means. 2YoDoINDIA Knowledge is Light Please Subscribe My Channel. Like Share Comment Hit Bell Icon to get Notification of Latest Videos . From Coronavirus to CAA the poor are always the worst hit. So stop focusing on governance and start focus on getting RICH as a nation.: All this talk about electing better leaders does NOTHING in the grand scheme of things. All this talk of Socialism and cHoOSiNg tHe BEsT GoVeRnMenT does not work. Stop this stupid notion of taxing billionaires to reduce inequality. Remove regulations and ontheground difficulties to start businesses. Reducing government and bureaucracy is the fastest way out of this endless loop. Allow people to make their own future and not depend on an entity like a government to solve their problems. All over the world governments have failed and private companies are now having to innovate and solve their way out of this. Watch how the poor have to walk from cities to their villages to survive. Watch how they had to literally starve during Demon. Stop making Sweden and Norway as examples when your per capita GDP is nowhere close. These countries got rich due to markets and capitalism which allowed them their social schemes. Get rich as an individual gt get rich as a company gt get rich as a country.. With the government implementing a 21day lockdown the impact on the Indian economy may take a longer time to recover.para 6. Need help Parents health insurance policy is expiring in a couple of days and I wanna know if well get the extension during the grace period: I read an article on IRDAI that said that health insurers will not discontinue the coverage during the grace period https//www.irdai.gov.in/ADMINCMS/cms/frmGeneralLayout.aspxpagePageNo4073ampflag1 https//www.google.co.in/amp/s/wap.businessstandard.com/articleamp/companies/irdaiextendspremiumrenewalperiodby30daysaslockdowncontinues1200323018621.html Please help I cant make the payment till the lockdown is over and Im worried sick.. Suggestions Invited on amending Motor Vehicle Rules dealing with registration of new vehicles driving licences and recall of old vehicles Submit by 17th April: Department Ministry of Road Transport and Highways Deadline 17th April 30 days from 18th March Contact id Post to Joint Secretary Transport Ministry of Road Transport and Highways Transport Bhavan Parliament Street New Delhi110011 or email to [jspbmorthgov.in]https//mail.google.com/mail/u/0/h/276i6b2b54p3/ampcswhampvbamptojspbmorthgov.in Document [Draft Notification no. 184E covers section 428 of the Motor Vehicle Amendment Act]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/03/2188771.pdf [Draft Notification no. 185E covers section 3940 of the Motor Vehicle Amendment Act]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/03/218888.pdf. Comments Invited on draft Parking Policy for Bengaluru Submit by 15th April: [removed]. Coronavirus Ground Report On the road with Indias Migrant Labourers. Theres a TradeoffEnsuring People Dont Die From Lack of Essential Supplies and from COVID19. IMF chief says global economy has clearly entered recession. Narendra Modi Likely To Declare A Emergency In India Under Article 360: Its a whatsapp forward. Wanted your opinion on this matter. Let us first understand what is Article 360. Article 360 in the constitution of India is for imposing a nationwide financial emergency in India. Financial Emergency Article 360 Article 360 states that if the President is satisfied that a situation has arisen whereby the financial stability or the credit of India or any part thereof is threatened the President may declare a state of financial emergency. During the period such Proclamation is in operation the executive authority of the Union extends to the giving of directions to any State to observe such canons of financial propriety as may be specified in the directions any such directions may also include A provision required the reduction of salaries and allowances of all or any class of person serving a State or the Union. A provision requiring all Money Bills or other Financial Bills to be reserved for the consideration of the President after they are passed by the legislature of the State. A Proclamation issued under Article 360 will remain in force for two months unless before the expiry of the period it is approved by both the Houses of the Parliament. A proclamation issued under Article 360 will remain in force for two months unless before the expiry of the period it is approved by both the Houses of the Parliament. Once approved it remains in force till revoked by the President. No emergency under Article 360 has been issued so far. India had been going through one of the worst phases of the financial crisis in its 72 years of history Indias top 3 rating agencies like Fitch Moodys and SampP have already reduced Indias growth GDP to the lowest marks much before corona. Now this corona epidemic would have a long lasting amp frightening effect on the Indian economy which might push India almost 70 years back similar to the partion era. Lets connect the dots altogether. 1. The reserve bank of India has already made a war room with 90 people keeping an eye on the Indian economy which has never been done earlier in the entire history of the reserve bank. 2. Foreign investors pulled out 1.08 lakh crore rupees from Indian market in just 15 trading sessions 3. Almost 80 of the Indian companies are asking their employees to work from home many companies including go air amp air india have asked their staff to go on unpaid leaves most companies have also terminated several employees. 4. Almost 80 of the major financial centers of the country are in lockdown including Bangalore Mumbai Pune Delhi Lucknow Kanpur Hyderabad Jaipur Chennai Kolkatta Gurgaon Noida Ahemdabad Surat. 5. US Dollor has the all time highest value against Indian currency at the time of writing this article 153 AM midnight 23 march 2020 1 USD was equal to 75.62. 6. Corona cases in India at the time of writing this article has reached 415. 7. Several sectors including hotels restaurants night clubs bars airlines BPO tourism entertainment amp Bollywood automobile aviation hospitality apparel consumer durables and electronics Poultry and Seafood construction transport railway are worst hit by this epidemic. 8. Several associated sectors also had a huge impact on their revenues like oilpetrol security service industry and many others whose revenues are directly amp indirectly dependent on the above sectors. 9. Coronavirus infection is spreading like fire and Indian agencies would not be able to control it in the near future if by any chance it enters into the fourth stage which it is most likely to enter due to citizens ignorance it would be the worst crisis in the entire history of Independent India. 10. Right now coronavirus is only among rich amp elite who are able to handle the financial burdens amp have multiple resources in terms of healthcare work financial savings and can still to self isolate amp prevent it from spreading but Once it enters into people under Below Poverty Line it would almost be impossible to control it and a large chunk of Indias revenue would be invested to handle the situation. 11. The reserve bank stored funds including the contingency funds amp emergency funds have already depleted after RBI gave multiple chunks of large money to the current government. 12. Several Private amp government banks in India have the highest NPA and loan defaulters doesnt seem to be in any mood to be paying it off soon. 13. The share markets of India including the National Stock Exchange NSE amp Bombay Stock Exchange BSE are continuously falling. Connecting all the points from 1 to 13 One can easily understand that fighting coronavirus amp controlling the economy of the country almost seems impossible for the current government. We still hope for the best and wish all the luck to the government and its agencies to curb the situation. If no steps would be of any help to control the economy Narendra Modi would have no option but to impose the financial emergency in India under Article 360 and the country would go in its worst and most dreaded recession of all times.. RBI Asks Banks To Give 3 Months Moratorium To Pay EMI. This is an educational crisis...: We are having the Online Classes from our school due to the Corona virus outbreak and they have to rush with the portion. They are sending a lot of notes. They expect us to complete it by the time the school reopens. But we are all 85 out of stationary. I finished around 7 pens and I have my last one. Im struggling cuz my teacher will be mad at me. My personal advice Please open the stationary shops atleast for an hour. 39 fresh coronavirus cases reported in Kerala on Friday CM Pinarayi Vijayan. RBIs 3month moratorium: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. RBIs 3month moratorium: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. RBIs 3month moratorium: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan: RBIs 3month moratorium on term loans Credit card dues EMIs included interest to accrue on outstanding portion of loan Are your credit card payments deferred Heres what the RBI has to say https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/rbis3monthmoratoriumontermloanscreditcardduesemisincludedinteresttoaccrueonoutstandingportionofloan5080581.html. Mega bank merger to come in effect from April 1 banking confederation urges to defer the plan India Observers. Creating sustainable livelihoods for NGOs and other social enterprises in India Moxith.com. Cash flow of US senates stimulus of 2 T for Covid19.we need similar plan for Indias 1.7 lakh crore 22.5B stimulus.Not fucking castles in air.. Breakup of 1T of the US stimulus.. Moodys slashes India GDP growth in 2020 to 2.5. Delhi Police admits to using drones on civilians without any publicly available legal guidelines in place: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/2bek5rixn5p41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps1ca65e50744218eb0cb5f97c4f4813e00518bd35 Tldr With reports now emerging that the Delhi Police is using drones to check for people who are breaking the curfew in Delhi we examine responses we have received in reply to Right to Information requests filed about the usage of drones in Delhi in February. The Delhi Police admits to hiring drones for various purposes over the course of the last few months including the 2020 Delhi Legislative Assembly elections and during the riots in NorthEast Delhi. This is being done with no guidelines in place for their use and thus are not only a violation of the right to privacy of individuals but also a tool of mass surveillance in the hands of the government. Wait What The Delhi Police has been using drones for surveillance of crowds for quite some time now. The first [reports]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/anticaastirdelhipoliceusedronetokeeptrackofprotesters162972920191219 emerged in December 2019 when it was reported that antiCAA protests had been surveilled via drones to keep a close eye on the protesters. This was in addition to the Delhi Polices use of [Fa]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/policefilmprotestsrunitsimagesthroughfacerecognitionsoftwaretoscreencrowd6188246/[cial Recognition Technology]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/policefilmprotestsrunitsimagesthroughfacerecognitionsoftwaretoscreencrowd6188246/ to identify the protesters read our previous blog post where we sent a notice to the Delhi Police to cease such use [here]https//internetfreedom.in/wedemandthedelhipolicestopitsfacialrecognitionsystem/. Subsequently there were [reports]https//www.livemint.com/news/india/fromfacialrecognitionsystemtofourlayersecuritydelhipolicegearsupforrday11579892354659.html that the Delhi Police used drones on crowds during the Republic Day parade in January 2020 to maintain vigil. In February 2020 there were [reports]https//thewire.in/government/delhiriotspolicespecialcommissioner that the Delhi Police had used drones to monitor the situation during the riots in NorthEast Delhi. Now [reports]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/5146heldindelhifordefyinglockdown1018vehiclesseized/articleshow/74801660.cms are emerging that the Delhi Police is using [drones]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/covid19dronesusedtoenforcelockdownmorebookedforviolatingprohibitoryorders/articleshow/74831906.cms to ensure that people do not violate the 21day curfew imposed by the Government in a bid to combat the spread of the COVID19 virus. The Delhi Police confirms using drones On February 14 2020 we filed a Right to Information request with the Delhi Police asking the following questions 1. Whether the Delhi Police has procured drones for any purpose 2. Details of the tender issued for such procurement. 3. Information about the vendor from whom the drones were procured and the total expenditure incurred. 4. Information with regard to the technical specifications of the drones. 5. Whether these drones were deployed in December 2019 and January 2020 6. Any guidelines rules or standard operating procedures in place which govern the use of these drones by the Delhi Police. Our request was transferred to various departments of the Delhi Police. We received replies from multiple departments denying any use of drones by them. However in a reply dated March 13 2020 the Public Information Officer PIO of the NorthEast District Seelampur Delhi Police confirmed that they have been using drones. Here is a pointwise summary of their reply 1. The NorthEast District has hired drones for maintaining law and order. 2. Since the drones have been hired there was no tender which was issued for procurement. 3. The Delhi Police has been hiring drones from the open market through Station House Officers SHO. 4. The technical specifications of these hired drones are not available with the PIO. 5. The PIO confirmed that drones were used during the 2020 Delhi Legislative Assembly election which were held on February 8 2020 and during the riots in NorthEast Delhi which began on February 23 2020. 6. In response to the query asking whether there are any guidelines rules or standard operating procedure governing the use of drones by the Delhi Police the reply was no comment. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/c5pa6iaun5p41.jpgwidth1189ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps9d720d93cab9d35f9eabcfc151292e56b58c12e8 Why does this matter anyway There are multiple problems in the way that drones are being used in Delhi. 1. Hiring drones instead of procuring through a publicly available tender diminishes the transparency of the whole exercise. As a result of not releasing a tender we now have no information with regard to from whom these tenders are being hired how much expenditure has been incurred and what is the scope of their use. 2. Since there are no publicly available guidelines rules or standard operating procedures with regard to the use of drones this whole process is shrouded in opacity. There is no information as to how these drones are being used who is authorized to use them who has access to the information gathered and how this information is being processed. So what now IFF has consistently been against use of such invasive technology especially in a [legal vacuum]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/. The only [regulations]https//pib.gov.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid183093 for drones in India are those which subsist for commercial purposes and which have been developed by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation DGCA. Drones are being used in Delhi without any guidelines rules or standard operating procedures which have been made publicly available. It is our opinion that use of such technology can never be justified if not done in a transparent manner. We urge the Delhi Police to make any such guidelines if they exist publicly available. If not we urge the Delhi Police to immediately cease such use. This is because even in extraordinary times such as these we have to ensure that basic fundamental rights such as privacy are not the scapegoats which have to be sacrificed for the purported greater good. This post has been authored by Anushka Jain a legal fellow at IFF and reviewed by IFF staffer Sidharth Important Documents 1. Right to Information Request filed by IFF questioning the use of drones by the Delhi Police [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1DN5N9gqXgzMmm5PqJ1KdO7yB1ueKvK 2. Reply received from the Public Information Officer PIO of the NorthEast District Seelampur Delhi Police [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1riMr9XnTr3DX8HL7svP403iyNpxHx3c/viewuspsharing Lets keep our skies clear and clean of illegal surveillance drones. [Become a IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ and help keep illegality grounded And if you want to engage with the IFF staff and community more closely join our [Forum]http//forum.internetfreedom.in/. India unveils 23bn package to help poor hit by COVID19 lockdown. Indias anxious middle class is left waiting for EMI relief after the 22 billion: [removed]. Cow Urine drinkers: [removed]. Introspecting public education in India. Basic difference between a Curfew and Lockdown.. Government Banks Harrasment: In this terrible time where the economy had anyway crashed since the last 6 months and now theres a countrywide lockdown Oriental Bank of Commerce has called me thrice for my education loan repayment. I had to literally lose my temper on the phone trying to explain to them what the situation is and where am I supposed to get money from if no work is happening. What is the Indian Govt. up to. Kerala model. Behavioural Economics Survey: Hi Hope you all are doing good. I needed a small help was working on a presentation for which I need you to fill a small survey. This is just 8 questions hardly 2 minutes. https//forms.gle/yr96299wYkknW5Ro8 Would be great help Thanks and stay safe . Indicative Calculation of todays relief package declared by FM. Nirmala Sitharaman announces Rs 1.7 lakh crore relief package for poor. How do I chose career: [removed]. Nirmala Sitharaman LIVE Free LPG grains pulses cash transfer part of package. Scotland is considering giving each citizen a universal basic income. Internet slowdown in Jammu and Kashmir could cost lives during COVID 19 pandemic: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/86dd6o89kyo41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampse51d7c4a012a58e9c8b7f3b136a8a788c75792df Tldr IFF wrote to the Jammu and Kashmir Government and Ministry of Home Affairs seeking restoration of 4G internet services in Kashmir during the COVID 19 crisis. The region is already struggling to recover from the six month long shutdown imposed on 5 August 2019 and several of its key healthcare indicators are below the national average. Therefore immediate restoration of 4G internet services in the region is necessary to prevent spread of the virus through telemedicine and effective public outreach. Free and Open Internet for All ampx200B [\Screenshot of ToIs tweet before it was deleted\]https//preview.redd.it/qfb2xn7mkyo41.pngwidth608ampformatpngampautowebpampsed515e7a9ee26e760826e15eb81d154e0395548c ampx200B Yesterday the Times of India tweeted that 4G internet services had been restored in Jammu and Kashmir but it subsequently deleted the tweet and published another [article]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/timesfactcheck/news/fakealertorderclaiming4ginternettoberestoredinjammualoneisfake/articleshow/74814962.cms about this information being false. This led to considerable confusion and it once again brought into sharp focus the continued deprivation of rights suffered by the people of Jammu and Kashmir. While the rest of India transitions to work from home and relies on the internet to seek latest COVID 19 information and stay in touch with loved ones the internet is still being slowed down to 2G speed in Jammu and Kashmir. Jammu and Kashmir already has 7 confirmed COVID 19 cases. With these figures expected to rise exponentially in the next few weeks the Government must make all tools including high speed internet available to doctors and patients to save lives. Dashboards and Chatbots for All While responding to the COVID 19 crisis the Indian Government has embraced technology to disseminate accurate and updated information to panic struck citizens. Take for instance the Ministry of Healths COVID 19 dashboard which provides latest statewise figures and guidelines for different stakeholders. The Ministry of Health and MyGovIndia have also collaborated with WhatsApp to launch a chat box which will address queries of concerned citizens through text infographics and video. Even private players like Apollo Hospitals have developed tech tools which allow people to assess their risk of developing COVID 19 through a mobile app. However the residents of Jammu and Kashmir may be unable to access such lifesaving information because the Government is slowing down their internet speed to 2G which makes it very difficult to download videos and heavy files. Telemedicine for All The difficulty in communicating through video on a 2G internet connection also means that doctors in Jammu and Kashmir cannot use telemedicine. During pandemics hospitals become hotbeds of infection and any effective containment strategy must limit the number of persons visiting hospitals. Reducing the number of visitors in hospitals is only possible if doctors are able to remotely assess and monitor the condition of patients who do not require intensive care. However remote consultations which require video facilities to visually examine the patient are practically impossible with slow 2G internet services. Healthcare is a fundamental right and accessing healthcare through the internet also enjoys constitutional protection. The essential nature of internet services during this period is also demonstrated by the Ministry of Home Affairs classification of telecom and internet services as necessities during the 21 day lockdown. Therefore depriving the people of Jammu and Kashmir of meaningful internet connectivity during a pandemic is completely unconscionable and the Government must immediately restore 4G services to reduce suffering and loss of life. Important Documents 1. Representation dated 26.03.2020 sent to JampK Home Department and Ministry of Home Affairs [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1f6vpJ0BrYwNcljSY40TlHfGsYLbh7EU/viewuspsharing IFF will continue its advocacy against internet shutdowns through thick and thin. Support our work by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/And if you want to engage with the IFF staff and community more closely [join our Forum]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/. FPJ EDIT What is Nirmala Sitharaman waiting for. Prof. Jayati Ghoshs take on the impact of the current situation and measures to mitigate it.. UBI and corona virus: [removed]. Raghuram Rajan Exclusive On Impact Of Covid19 Crisis On Indian ampamp Global Economy. Coronavirus Lockdown And Its Impact P. Chidambaram In Conversation With Rajdeep Sardesai. Is it legal for my company to place me on unpaid leave without any notice: Asking for a friend. Her company has just placed her on unpaid leave for an entire month starting tomorrow. Is this sort of thing legal. Nothing to lose: Cops instant regret for unnecessarily attacking a homeless man. Hyderabad India. [video]9exdld2fvto41. Coronavirus Lockdown has Already Done More Damage to Economy than Demonetisation Karan Thapar. In Act of Vigilantism Republic TV Reporter Heckles Doctor For Violating Lockdown. Modi govt may unveil 1.5 lakh crore economic package Report. India likely to unveil 20 billionplus stimulus package to tackle coronavirus downturn. In Act of Vigilantism Republic TV Reporter Heckles Doctor For Violating Lockdown. Amid COVID19 Centres nod for Rs 20000cr Central Vista revamp raises eyebrows 7 lakh ventilators can be bought with the amount set aside for Central Vista project. Facebook in talks to acquire multibilliondollar stake in Reliance Jio Report. Coronavirus Lockdown has Already Done More Damage to Economy than Demonetisation I Karan Thapar. What the Chomu Modi should have announced measures for.: [TestingTestingTesting]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20200322/onethirdofcoronaviruscasesmayshownosymptomscmpreports [Clearance at the earliest]https//amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/03/24/asia/testingcoronavirusscienceintlhnk/index.html [Much Needed]https//amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/02/28/tech/koreacoronavirustrackingapps/index.html [Innovative]https//amp.cnn.com/cnn/2020/03/02/asia/coronavirusdrivethroughsouthkoreahnkintl/index.html. The classic case of the cure being worse than the disease.: ampx200B I actually think there will be an uptick of cases in the next few weeks what with all the clapping nonsense and dancing in the streets and now this rampaging through the commercial areas and crowding and totally erratic behavior all round and the shite show with the police beating up everybody on plain sight without empathizing with people who Might actually have a valid reason to be outside. I mean I get the bit about lockdowns but half the time its just a shiteshow with all the ppl running to the stores crowding up and being very erratic overall and I am not criticizing that as that is perfectly understandable we never know what these ppl are going through it could be an essential for their ailing grandparents or their cancer stricken child but does anybody think the lockdowns are almost always haphazard in their execution and it seems to be defeating the purpose of it all. Some of the success stories like Taiwan hk and even South Korea its more about social distancing and wearing masks at all times and practicing good hygiene especially around the elderly nd it seems to have worked a treat. Lockdowns were not really implemented as they thought it would be counter productive. yeah I honestly think a lot of countries have never faced a situation like this. uncharted territory really. but looking at the success stories like south korea and hk and even Taiwan and replicating the exact same strategies would have gone a long way.. COVID19 Govt gives power to zonal DCs to take strict action against landlords evicting docs paramedics. Why 12 am onwards why not effective immediately: Couldnt they learn from their own move to removing 370. I know its not same thing but maybe all the panicking and people gathering in groups could have been avoid. He said stay at home3 but thats the last thing people did.. India COVID cases as of 10 pm tonight IST. Last day not only slow down in growth rate but absolute new cases fell from 71 to 51. I hope the 21 days lockdown is brought down to 14 days. We shall see. Heard from a Pakistani friend that their PM announced PKR 3000 per person and reduced fuel price by PKR 15/litre. Any such announcement in India that I may have missed. India Lifts Ban on Cryptocurrencies What Are The Implications For Consumers. Covid19 an economic tsunami biz failures bankruptcies coming Moodys. Thanks Corona. FM is addressing the media right now.: [removed]. Marking the 5 year anniversary of the Shreya Singhal Judgement: [removed]. Marking the 5 year anniversary of the Shreya Singhal Judgement. Rumors today suggesting that PM may declare a financial emergency Article 360. Any one having an idea about its implications: I have 0 idea what happens in this situation and if there is a case of it happening before so would like to know how it would affect us and the government.. Transcription job British accent. Need it done asap.: Pretty much what the title says. Need someone to transcribe something for me asap. 500 rupees for 10 minutes of audio transcribed.. I think we are forgetting something. Excise Duty on Petrol Price Govt arms itself with powers to raise excise on fuels by Rs 8/litre. Global crude oil prices have dropped significantly. While USA and China have increased their inventory i.e bought cheap oil for future use India has done nothing. Sheer incompetence by govt and its financial advisors. States Can Lift PDS Grains for Three Months on Credit Says FM Nirmala Sitharaman. You dont have to worry about Income Tax yet: In woke of some posts saying why date for filing Income Tax 31st March is not extending Im making this post. Here Im listing the last dates for filing returns Individual 31st July 2020 Businesses Requiring Audit 30th September 2020 Businesses Requiring TP Report 30th November 2020 Also note these are tentative dates and are bound to get extended. In PY 2019 it was extended to 31 August 2019 and for business it was 31 October 2019. https//cleartax.in/s/duedatetaxfiling. Situation of Indian doctors while our govt was busy in a PR stunt. Much needed to encourage But needs are more important. Corona virus Impact on Employment Can one be fired from the job due to the ongoing outbreak : We know the impact of the outbreak is negative on the economy. Various sectors have been struggling like Travel and Tourism. One of my friend who works as software developer has been let go along along with his team. I am sure many more people will be facing similar issues. Has there been any announcement by the government for this not to happen Is there anything from the government using which such people can contest with their employer . Finance Bill 2020 Lok Sabha passes Finance Bill without discussion: Finance Bill 2020 Lok Sabha passes Finance Bill without discussion The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/loksabhapassesfinancebillwithoutdiscussion/articleshow/74773912.cms. Finance Bill 2020 Lok Sabha passes Finance Bill without discussion: Finance Bill 2020 Lok Sabha passes Finance Bill without discussion The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/loksabhapassesfinancebillwithoutdiscussion/articleshow/74773912.cms. Highlights of Delhi Budget 202021. SC avoided to interfere what Govt is doing and sends the petition to Govt as representation through the court for consideration and further action. Hope Govt of India acts immediately and increases the no of testing centersventilators and kits especially in rural India. CoronaVirus Covid19. Petrol price taxes set to rise Govt allows Rs 8 per litre hike in duty on retail fuel. In Just 2 Weeks Mukesh Ambanis Reliance Ltd Sets Up Indias First Dedicated COVID19 Hospital with 100Bed Capacity. Govt amends law to get powers to raise excise duty on petrol diesel by Rs 8/l in future. Govt amends law to get powers to raise excise duty on petrol diesel by Rs 8/litre in future. Coronavirus in India Cap on petrol diesel excise duty raised. Flights departing from the 20 most important Airports in World From 22 February to 22 March. To boost finances govt raises excise duty on petrol by Rs 18/litre diesel by Rs 12. Nifty Sensex post worst single day crash in history Markets wipe off entire Modi era gains.. Narendra Modi Likely To Declare A Emergency In India Under Article 360 Inventiva. While nation is reeling under exponential Coronavirus pandemic Modi just announced 20000 crore Recreational Official amp Commercial Development Plan for Rashtrapati Bhavan Area. IFF proposes a three year moratorium on the use of Facial Recognition Technology in India: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/x3bo2g7l0do41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampscd839c97dce6580320de6163702f53c65ca7e868 Tldr On 19 March 2020 we shared a letter with the Ministries of Home Affairs and Law and Justice requesting for a halt on ongoing use of facial recognition systems by both the central government and state governments. This is a response to recent statements by the Union Home Minister in the Indian Parliament of the use of such technologies in the investigations on the Delhi riots. IFFs position on this front is informed by our own institutional work of mapping the deployment of facial recognition systems in India. In the letter we also propose that the government impose a three year moratorium on this technology. In addition we propose the Government undertake a public consultation with various stakeholders in order to ensure that future uses of such nascent technologies remain fair transparent and accountable. The Problem with Facial Recognition Technology As outlined in our previous posts [use of facial recognition technology]https//internetfreedom.in/facialrecognitioninindiaparti/ in India is on the rise. The Central Government and different State Governments have already started deploying facial recognition technology for two major purposes Security/Surveillance and Authentication of Identity. At the level of the central government itself multiple ministries are undertaking projects which rely on facial recognition systems. Moreover they have allocated large amounts of public funds. These ministries include 1. The Ministry of Railways 2. The Ministry of Civil Aviation 3. The Ministry of Home Affairs As we have suggested in our [blogpost]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ use of this technology in a legal vacuum will lead to unprecedented and irreparable harms to the right to privacy. Here we take the liberty to draw your attention to the Honble Supreme Courts decision in Justice K.S. Puttaswamy vs Union of India which says that certain standards have to be met in order to justify intrusion by the State into the right to privacy. These standards are legality existence of a law legitimate goal/state aim proportionality between the objects and the means adopted to achieve them and procedural guarantees to check against the abuse of State interference. Laws with regard to FRT and personal data protection which can act as a legal safeguard do not currently exist in India. The implementation of facial recognition technology would also violate fundamental rights by facilitating mass surveillance. For instance there will be a chilling effect on the right to freedom of speech and expression because people will be wary of being prosecuted in case they express antigovernment sentiments. Further the right to freedom of movement would be hampered as mass surveillance would allow the government to track the movements of individuals in real time across the country. Implementation of facial recognition technology in India has the potential of turning the country into a surveillance state. The problems that arise would not only affect the fundamental rights and civil liberties of individuals but also create mistrust towards any positive initiatives that the Government might undertake if no legal safeguards and best practices are put in place. Recommendations made in our letter Taking into consideration how [other countries]https//internetfreedom.in/lessonsfromtheinternationaldebateonfacialrecognition/ have approached this technology and based on Indias experience with Aadhaar it would be advisable to hit pause and contemplate the serious challenges that come with such an invasive technology. Retrospectively regulating an already introduced measure would be an extremely difficult task and would mean setting ourselves up for failure. Taking the lead in flagging this issue we propose a moratorium of three years on the ongoing FRT projects in India. Therefore we are making the following recommendations 1. Impose a three year moratorium on facial recognition technology for government projects. 2. Pass a strong data protection law with adequate checks and balances on state usage of facial recognition systems by both government and nongovernment actors. 3. Commence a public and transparent consultation where government industry civil society human rights groups academia and similar stakeholders have a proactive dialogue which can articulate a policymaking/legislative pathway on the issue. The conversation must be nuanced enough to differentiate between different uses of the technology which can span governance monitoring law enforcement commercial RampD academia healthcare and many more unforeseeable domains. Under Project Panoptic IFF will continue to keep tabs of these developments and work towards holding the Government accountable when they use such experimental technologies which are so intrusive. Important Documents 1. IFFs representation requesting a moratorium on facial recognition technology [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1VhZ1157y7Yr1NhQqiPTkZqQQnJBfeg/viewuspsharing 2. Introduction to Facial Recognition Projects in India [link]https//internetfreedom.in/facialrecognitioninindiaparti/ 3. Problems with Facial Recognition Technology Operating in a Legal Vacuum [link]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ 4. Lessons from the International Debate on Facial Recognition [link]https//internetfreedom.in/lessonsfromtheinternationaldebateonfacialrecognition/ This post has been authored by Anushka Jain a legal fellow at IFF and reviewed by IFF staffer Sidharth Even masks will not save you from facial recognition technology Help IFF saveourprivacy by [becoming a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ Worried about the governments increasing invasions into your privacy. Kick start the conversation with our community on IFFs new forum at [forum.internetfreedom.in]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/. \ProjectPanoptic FacialRecognition. IFF proposes a three year moratorium on the use of Facial Recognition Technology in India. Singapore tops economic freedom index why is India at 120th place. Why are average salaries in developed countries much higher than some of our highest paid government salaries : Average salaries per month in some developed countries Switzerland 533000 Norway 508000 USA 387000 Singapore 381000 Germany 295000 Japan / UK / France 261000 While our prime minister gets 160000 salary .. Gamble Crypto on Provably FAIR Casino LuckyGames TOP TIER STRATEGY INSIDE: Hello everyone with only 0.55 of ETH or BCH \75125 deposit \[LOWER BALANCE FREE OPTION IS ALSO AVAILABLE AT 67 IN THE STRATEGY\] you can start comfortably and consistently making more than 5 a day and with this gain you can branch out into other coins which will net you exponential growth. With this method that I will be explaining to you all here I am now invested in gambling 13 cryptocurrencies at entry levels and am making over 30 a day and I only started all of this on a new proof of concept account 20 days ago with a 175 deposit in BCH 0.8BCH. The method is VERY SIMPLE and takes advantage of low probability of loss bets and the high exchange rate of crypto to cash and strategic choice of odds in the DICE game that is offered at LuckyGames. 1st. Make sure you are playing the DICE game 2nd. Set up your dice game to roll UNDER 19. 3rd. You want to set up your bet according to your balance. If you are starting from my initial example with 0.55 coin you will want to start with a bet of 0.00000015. Then you want to increase your bet when you reach 1.05 coin 0.00000030 and again at 2 0.00000060 and again at 4 0.00000120 8 0.00000240 16 0.00000480 32 0.00000960 etc. You increase your bet by doubling it just like you will be doubling your balance. Dont complicate things with your bet. If you keep your bet consistent before reaching the next milestone of balance you will have an increased probability of continuing to win. With this bet strategy you will maintain a consistent 0.0002 probability of having a streak long enough for losing \6075 of your balance and this already extraordinarily low probability goes down as you reach closer to your next doubled balance milestone which will then double your bet and put your probability back to 0.0002. This probability is impressively low for the amount of coin you are able to make per day and should not be underestimated at how much value you can get from this by rolling multiple cryptocurrencies and branching out after just one deposit. 4th. After you have set up your bet according to your balance you will want to click on the grey AUTO button and set up the left column to INCREASE YOUR BET ON A STREAK OF 1 LOSSES BY 25 and you will want to set up the right column to RETURN TO BASE bet ON A STREAK OF 1 WINS. Set the acceleration to maximum and hit the START AUTOPLAY button at the bottom of the popup. You will notice that you will get short streaks of lossess followed by streaks of wins etc and you will notice that your balance will start to slowly crawl up. What is happening is that you are rolling a PROVABLY FAIR dice game and are trying to get the result on the right to roll under the 19 you have placed as your guess. Every time it rolls under you win 5.21x your bet which is increasing by 25 every time you lose before winning. This ENSURES that when you eventually win this 19 chancetowin dice roll you will win back ALL of what you have already bet and lost during the streak as well as 2.21x your CURRENT INCREASED bet. 5th. This strategy is remarkable and is incredibly safe but PLEASE REMEMBER THAT NOTHING IS GUARANTEED. This website is PROVABLY FAIR and has all of that explained in detail on the website itself but that means that a freak 0.0002 lose streak CAN HAPPEN even though it is VERY IMPROBABLE. This is STILL GAMBLING. On the bright side if you DO reach such a freak lose streak you will have only lost around 6075 of your balance and if you have been withdrawing a certain amount every week and redistributing it into other crypto in the site using the insite EXCHANGE app you will probably be playing with profit at that point and it wont put that bad of a dent in your game. 6th. IF YOU DONT HAVE THAT BIG OF A BALANCE BUDGET what you can do is use 0.55 of a DIFFERENT lower value coin. The beauty of gambling crypto is that the strategy REMAINS EXACTLY THE SAME no matter what crypto you are gambling the only difference is that you will be making substatially less money... but you can still funnel your profits into other low value crypto and work your way up from there. Dont be discouraged if you dont have a big budget for gambling. THIS STRATEGY WILL STILL MOST LIKELY BE PROFITABLE for you. 7th. If you would like to try this strategy FOR FREE using LUCKY TOKEN which can be traded in for VIP/LEGEND time \[which gives access to a bitcoin faucet of 1000/2000 satoshis per 30min\] OR EVEN IPHONES/MACBOOK PRO\] or if you would like to make a deposit and get started with gambling crypto with a top tier strategy please show me some love for making this guide and sign up at LuckyGames using my affiliate link ht tps //lucky games .io/ ref 35313908 lttake out spaces in link After clicking this link your account will automatically be made and your username will be set up as New User. You can change this and adjust a new password as well as 2FA RECOMMENDED. I also recommend checking out the CHAT ROOM on the left chat bubble picture on the menu because if you chat after you get your account to lvl 1 you start at lvl 0 you can get free crypto which rains out every 1530 minutes as well as chat games which reward crypto VERY active chat rooms of all languages. If you have any questions please ask in this thread I will be watching it to help you. Much success and greens to all of you and thank you for reading this guide.. Railways suspend all passenger trains till March 31 as toll in India rises to six. Urging Modi Govt to Categorically Reject malicious UN report that claims that India is in bottom 10 nations in World Happiness Index: India is a new entrant to the bottomten group. Its large and steady decline in life evaluation scores since 2015 means that its annual score in 2019 is now 1.2 points lower than in 2015 says [this]https//worldhappiness.report/ed/2020/socialenvironmentsforworldhappiness/ vitriolic UN report. This western propaganda against India must stop. We are superduper happy. /s. Drastic effect of Corona Virus on my Business Plans.: I have my own small business and I planned on expanding it in the manufacturing sector. I have been noticing a drop in my sales since December but not so much to make a dent in my future plans. This corona virus has just intensified the entire problem exponentially. I dont really have customers and now Ive had to start using my savings and the loans from my bank seem to be on hold and with the bank mergers I feel pessimistic. My friends in a certain industry are all now working on pay cuts or started to work on pay cuts. The lower strata daily wagers are the worst off people are holding back spends and they seem to be the worst effected. I myself have scaled back on my factory unit construction spends. The outlook from this all seems kind off bleak and scary. I hope you guys plan for contingency just incase.. 41000 crore stimulus for desi mobile makers.. Level of public hospital facilities in Indian states relative to incomes and populations: [removed]. Public hospital facilities in Indian states relative to incomes and populations. Indian Government Likely To Announce Total Lockdown For 15 Days In Coming Days Inventiva. Indias Coronavirus Risks Collide With A Sick Economy. Assam reports first coronavirus case fourandahalfyrold girl tests positive in Jorhat samples sent to ICMR for reconfirmation DC. TIL that GOI spends around Rs 2000 crore on the Ministry of AYUSH annually.. Djvu something similar but where. Companies to fill COVID19 readiness form: [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/company/corporatetrends/companiestofillcovid19readinessform/articleshow/74739026.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/company/corporatetrends/companiestofillcovid19readinessform/articleshow/74739026.cms Is the MCA expecting private companies to undertake one more compliance step in these turbulent times Generally compliance activities take a toll / cost on companies which are genuinely following the letter / spirit of the law while those who want to fudge the compliance usually figure out a way. Given the typical lackadaisical approach to compliance why is the MCA seeking to burden companies with one more form. COVID 19 Update India Response Comedy News. COVID19 pandemic Now is the right time for a Helicopter Drop of money in India. ByeBye Free UPI Transfers Kotak Axis Bank Will Charge Rs 5 Per UPI Transfer Beyond 20 Transactions/Month. Exchange rates: I was hoping that someone could explain the effects of the US economy shutdown on the Rupee. Given that our economy will head in that direction too how can we expect the economy to react. 2.2 lakh trees at risk in Karnataka as CM moots HubballiAnkola rail line. Madhya Pradesh reports first confirmed coronavirus cases 4 test positive in Jabalpur.. Even amidst the Coronavirus scare I feel its important to pay attention to this ticking bomb which could batter the already bruised economy. How Indias Informal Sector Stopped Dead as a Result of the Coronavirus Pandemic. Indian Defence Acquisition Council Clears Acquisition Of 83 Tejas Aircrafts For Rs. 38000 Crore. Rupee reached a new low today 1 USD 76 INR: The rupee fell to 76.01 against the dollar at todays low before closing at 75.16 INR https//www.xe.com/currencycharts/fromUSDamptoINRampview12h Anyone know the last time Rupee fell this low. Ministry of India Discloses Investigations of Bitcoin Businesses. Top 10 Nations by CO2 emissions in Tonnes 18602019. Read IFFs Response to the Draft Competition Amendment Bill 2020: ampx200B [img]1qrp3ydx2tn41 Tldr IFF shared a response with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs on its draft Competition Amendment Bill 2020 which was put out for public consultation last month. We suggest ways in which the Government could strengthen and streamline its institutions within Indias competition framework. More importantly we stress on the need for Indias competition laws to be modernised to reflect challenges emerging from market concentration in technology markets. We look at it through the prism of innovation consumer welfare and human rights dimensions. We also flag our concerns with certain insertions in the draft amendment. Additionally we suggest certain additions/changes to help adapt the role of competition frameworks to modern digital markets. Background to the proposed amendment Owing to the ongoing COVID19 global pandemic many people across India are adjusting to their new reality of work from home and learn from home environments. In such times important professional education and personal connections are being facilitated by the internet. In particular a lot of us will notice that most of our integral interactions are being facilitated by platforms typically provided by a few firms. One may even say that these platforms and services which are required for communication collaboration information gathering and so on are becoming essential in these times. However ask yourselves this. When these potentially essential services are basically controlled by a few firms what are the risks which arise as a consequence Well our response last week to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs MCA attempts to articulate these concerns and submits proposals in a recently concluded consultation of Indias competition laws. For context on February 20 2020 the MCA released a call for public comments on a proposed amendment to [Indias Competition Act 2002]https//www.cci.gov.in/sites/default/files/ccipdf/competitionact2012.pdf. In its current form the proposed amendment is called the [draft Competition Amendment Bill 2020]http//feedapp.mca.gov.in/pdf/DraftCompetitionAmendmentBill2020.pdf. This amendment was an outcome to an earlier process where the Government had formed a Competition Law Review Committee CLRC. This Committee submitted its final recommendations and accompanying [report]http//www.mca.gov.in/Ministry/pdf/ReportCLRC14082019.pdf in August last year. In short the Committee made 50 recommendations and has a dedicated chapter on how competition laws must be updated for the digital economy. So what does the proposed amendment attempt to do To its credit the proposed amendment accepts 45 of the CLRCs recommendations. Relevant for the digital economy it tries to broaden definitions for what constitutes a cartel. In addition the amendment attempts to broaden Indias nodal competition authority i.e. the Competition Commission of Indias CCIs ability to scrutinise anticompetitive agreements/arrangements. This is important since digital economies are multisided markets which are prone to rapid [network effects]https//hbr.org/2019/01/whysomeplatformsthriveandothersdont. In essence it is also prone to challenges like user lock in or stickiness. Such considerations also serve as a barrier for other players to compete since service providers must necessarily also acquire a degree of scale to survive. In this context there are many instances of service delivery chains being integrated through strategic partnerships by large technology platforms in a manner where businesses end up being excluded and struggle to compete. To this end we laud the amendments attempt to broaden the CCIs ability to look into anticompetitive agreements. Similarly we applaud the amendments attempt in expanding the CCIs ability to scrutinise mergers and acquisitions collectively referred to as combinations in technology markets. This is important since large mergers and acquisitions which often slip under the radar in technology markets and can lead to silent concentration in markets unbeknownst to users and even the regulator. Some clear examples of this include Microsofts acquisitions of Skype and LinkedIn Facebooks acquisitions of WhatsApp and Instagram or Googles acquisitions of health companies like FitBit. The reason this happens is because in digital markets it is difficult to gauge assets and the nature of the concentration really taking place in the market. To this end we applaud the proposed amendment which seems like an enabling provision to scrutinise mergers of an ilk similar to the ones mentioned above. Well if the amendment sounds so good then whats missing or wrong And what have we said First our response has really focused on better institutional design. First the amendment proposes institutional changes which may compromise the independence of the CCI thereby compromising an essential facet of strong competition laws. We propose a change which can achieve the desired objective of accountability whilst preserving the desired goal of CCIs independence visavis Government functionaries. We have also suggested that in modern technology markets there will be greater need for the CCI to coordinate with other sector specific regulators in domains like telecom digital payments and user privacy. We propose a framework through which such interactions are formalised and can be as streamlined as possible. We have also suggested measures to improve capacity within the CCI and its appellate structures in terms of number of benches to help with overburdening of cases and greater specialisation which will be required when it comes to competition matters in technology markets. Second we oppose a specific insertion which seeks to create an exception for intellectual property holders when it comes to investigations on abuse of dominance. Abuse of dominance is a type of anticompetitive practices where an entity uses its power within the market to either suppress competition innovation consumer choice and so on. Relying on the works of [field experts]https//spicyip.com/2020/03/draftcompetitionactamendmentbillproposesextensionofprotectiontoiprholdersinabuseofdominancecases.html we have articulated that such a carve out for IP holders in matters of abuse of dominance does not exist in other advanced jurisdictions like Europe. Second an exception for IP holders would be able to use this as a defence tactic which can slow down or serve as an obstacle to legitimate investigations in abuse of dominance cases. The same research also indicates that such a provision may also make it harder to hold players who provide essential facilities accountable. As we have seen in the context of COVID19 there are certain players in information/tech markets which provide services which may be construed as essential facilities. Third we stress on the need for competition laws to be amended in a manner to hold big tech and big data analysis accountable. Our response relies considerably on the works of international organisations like [Privacy International]https//privacyinternational.org/explainer/2293/competitionanddata. We unpack how our personal data is often used as a proxy for price. And therefore there is an inextricable linkage with our informational privacy. We discuss how our rights may be harmed by opaque integration of upstream and downstream chains through which the service is put together and ultimately delivered to consumers. Similarly major mergers and acquisitions are also linked with individual rights including the right to privacy. What it also leads to is a greater concentration of our personal data across a few entities. Unfortunately our competition laws are not mature enough to adequately look at what constitutes holding a dominant position in internet markets. Second our competition laws as articulated by the CCI in matters like Vinod Kumar Gupta v WhatsApp Inc do not view it as an essential to consider privacy when hearing competition related matters. We suggest mechanisms through which individual rights should also be considered in our competition frameworks. One suggestion we make pertains to instances of combinations or key business decisions which consider integration of different databases/backend infrastructure. We believe the CCI should be able to have the ability to work with relevant authorities like Indias future data protection authority to undertake human rights or privacy impact assessment as a result of a suggested measure. Along the same lines we also suggest that the CCI must modernise its approaches in measuring what constitutes enjoying a dominant position in a particular market. We hope the Ministry keeps our submissions in mind during subsequent deliberations. The hope is that a subsequent draft can have a more detailed consultation wherein stakeholders are afforded greater time and adequate space to share substantive feedback with the Ministry. Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs Submission on the draft Competition Amendment Bill 2020 [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/14c9eT4helAMeRibXQvgW6oys1gOqiTp/viewuspsharing 2. Link to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs draft Competition Amendment Bill 2020 [click here]http//feedapp.mca.gov.in//pdf/DraftCompetitionAmendmentBill2020.pdf 3. Link to the Competition Law Review Committees report which was published in August 2019 [click here]http//www.mca.gov.in/Ministry/pdf/ReportCLRC14082019.pdf 4. Link to the Competition Act 2002 [click here]https//www.cci.gov.in/sites/default/files/ccipdf/competitionact2012.pdf 5. Link to a SpicyIP post by Dr Vikas Kathuria which explains challenges with exceptions for IP holders against abuse of dominance investigations [click here]https//spicyip.com/2020/03/draftcompetitionactamendmentbillproposesextensionofprotectiontoiprholdersinabuseofdominancecases.html 6. Link to an explainer by Privacy International on the relationship between competition laws and peoples privacy [click here]https//privacyinternational.org/explainer/2293/competitionanddata Uncle Ben taught us well Our objective is to hold large platforms accountable. Our mission is to support individual and entrepreneur centric innovation. You too can jump on the cause and SaveTheInternet. [Help us by joining forces and becoming an IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ Have some views on how we can hold large internet players accountable Kick start the conversation with our community on IFFs new forum at [forum.internetfreedom.in]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/.. New dataset and report on the varieties of democracy out India among countries now severely affected by what is established as a third wave of autocratization. Caught between virus outbreaks Keralas model for public healthcare lauded. India plans ecommerce regulator tighter controls under new policy sources. The man who saw Indias banking crisis early warns of new peril. Fitch cuts India growth forecast to 5.1 for FY21 in wake of coronavirus outbreak. Government be like. Modi Govt economic policies have been clueless for years India will struggle hard during recession: This govt was clueless about economy even before corona/ recession the govt over the past 5 years has made one economic blunders after another. Now with utter savage destruction of Indian markets most people trusting this govt to make sound economic policies will absolutely get rekt. Sensex has lost 12000 points in a month Yet Minister of State of Finance Anurag Thakur says no impact on Economy. Nirmala doesnt care as she doesnt invest in stocks. Modi is fakir aadmi. Unsurprisingly chaddy gaumutra drinkers dont have any come back to this kind of facts. Not only has yes bank failed but with Supreme court order on Vodafone AGR dues this is likely to cause over 20000 crore of NPAs on top banks including SBI and IndusInd. It wont be surprising to see another bank fail and get saved by cashpayers money. Moreover Vodafone a large international company failing due to GOI greed will be death knell of foreign investments into India. Imagine a govt so careless they allow such a large company such as vodafone to go bankrupt due to utter stupid policies. This govt has managed to destroy one of the most promising sectors telecom into a duopoly. Even liquid funds are crashing hard as even GOI defaulting cannot be ruled out at this point. Lot of RBI money has gone into cleaning up the mess created by DeMo GST saving private banks etc. While other countries are announcing several billion dollars of corona relief there is nothing really left in terms of relief to Indian citizens. During recession you need actual economists like Manmohan Singh and Raghuram Rajan steering the ship not war mongers like Anurag Thakur and Nirmala tai. Dear Sanghi morons are you happy now for voting a clueless fool into power Keep voting for hindu rashtra this is what you will get utter destruction. Waiting to see how many bhaktas still support this shit government even after losing all their savings.. Hospitals vs statues. Coronavirus for an Ailing Economy. The hits accelerated by Coronavirus on the formal have begun Indigo to take a paycut.. Coronavirus Rumours and Misinformation are Wreaking Havoc on Indias Poultry Sector. India Planning Rs 11900 Crore Bailout For Airlines Hit By Virus Report. Why Yes Bank stocks crash today: [removed]. Govt may increase duty on petrol diesel again to fight outbreak Energy News ET EnergyWorld. please watch and bless: [removed]. Indian government has stopped even trying to justify mass surveillance as necessary for public good. Gujarat Model 2.0 The super elites magic wand to take over public space. Oil prices crashing all over the world. What can we expect in India: Hey guys with the oil prices crashing all over the world and expectations saying that currently the world is heading towards more supply than demand wrt oil what changes can we expect in India Will the prices go down or is it bad for the economy to bring it down Can anybody knowledgeable explain to a layman.. EXCLUSIVE Telangana Offered Its Own 360 Degree Citizen Tracking System To Modi Govt. MINISTARY OF HEALTH AND FAMILY WELFARE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA [1920x1080]. Maybe there is an advantage of having 1.33 Billion people in our country ..... No impact on Indian economy due to COVID19 Anurag Thakur. No impact on Indian economy due to COVID19 Anurag Thakur. India should take this opportunity to hedge its oil supply: The current oil price war is a once in a generation event. In terms of the COVID caused demand shock and the SaudiRussian supply shock its a once in a lifetime event. ampx200B The time to hedge is now. To guarantee low oil prices for India for the coming year s and heal our current account deficit. ampx200B What is hedging A hedge is a financial contract whereby you agree to purchase oil at a predetermined price. Hedges are used to reduce price risk and they are a popular strategy used by some large oil users particularly airlines to ensure that fuel price volatility doesnt affect their plans. Typically under the contract a user will offer to purchase oil at a fixed price at a later date. say for eg. Jan 2021. The supplier will purchase oil today and will store it for delivery at that later date. ampx200B If oil prices are so low why should we hedge Neither Saudi or Russia can afford to engage in this oil price war for too long. Their economies and forex reserves are too intertwined to be able to afford to fight this war for too long. They are going to cave sooner or later. Furthermore the main target of the oil price war is the US Shale oil Industry. This industry is a 400 pound gorilla in the oil world which has transformed energy markets and made US a net oil exporter a feat unimaginable a few years ago. Essentially clever American entrepreneurs learnt to extract oil from shale rock using advanced technology and caused the largest net increase in production in the shortest span of time. Between 2005 and 2020 the US has MORE THAN TRIPLED its oil production. However shale oil requires prices of over 4050 a barrel to be economical. [https//in.reuters.com/article/usglobaloilshalecostsanalysis/fewusshalefirmscanwithstandprolongedoilpricewaridINKBN2130HL]https//in.reuters.com/article/usglobaloilshalecostsanalysis/fewusshalefirmscanwithstandprolongedoilpricewaridINKBN2130HL Once the shale producers are destroyed we will once again be at the mercy of OPEC and the Arabs. Have we seen such an oil price war before Yes. In the late 1980s late 90s and between 20142016 [https//www.spglobal.com/en/researchinsights/articles/whysaudiarabiasoilpricewarisdoomedtofailfuelforthought]https//www.spglobal.com/en/researchinsights/articles/whysaudiarabiasoilpricewarisdoomedtofailfuelforthought Do countries use hedges to hedge their oil supply Sort of. While typical consumers who hedge are usually airlines. Suppliers often hedge as well. Mexico which is a large oil exporter annually hedges almost all of its production in what is called a Hacienda Hedge. This years hedge has saved the Mexican Economy [https//oilprice.com/Energy/CrudeOil/MexicosOilHedgeJustSavedItsEconomy.html]https//oilprice.com/Energy/CrudeOil/MexicosOilHedgeJustSavedItsEconomy.html ampx200B When is it a right time to hedge This one is tricky. The ideal time to hedge is when oil prices are near their bottom. Just like there is talk of flattening the curve with Covid for traded commodities the best time to hedge is the bottom of the curve This chart shows the price of 1 barrel of Brent Crude oil up to 80 months into the future. Thats almost 5 years [https//www.erce.energy/graph/brentfuturescurve]https//www.erce.energy/graph/brentfuturescurve The price of oil 5 years from now is shown to be currently at 54 dollars a barrel. That is much lower than what we were paying just last year in September when Saudi oil facilities were attacked. What are the risks The risks are mainly two fold. ampx200B 1. Hedges work essentially by storing cheap oil today and having it delivered at a later date. As India is a large oil importer any attempt to hedge oil consumption will immediately cause oil prices to rise. Therefore while it may not be possible to hedge all of Indias oil consumption it is certainly possible to hedge a significant part of it. 2. India will not be able to take advantage of lower oil prices if prices CONTINUE to stay low. 3. Indian Oil PSUs also export large amounts of their products overseas due to surplus refining capacity. However if oil prices continue to be low the relative cost of their products increases and export become uneconomical.. SOS 3 ways how the DoT can help FlattenTheCurve Covid19: https//preview.redd.it/xl5x0otkbfn41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampse129292a378cf251da1f916f9dcdf9ed02cb6cbd Tldr Access to good quality internet has never been more important than right now. With most experts unanimous on the need for social distancing and many workplaces putting into place work from home plans voice and data connectivity become critical. To ensure that high quality bandwidth is available to all parts of India we have suggested specific steps to be taken by the Department of Telecom. We the people... of the Internet Due to the unprecedented nature of the COVID19 pandemic the Union Government is taking various policy measures to safeguard the health and welfare of all Indians as per an advisory by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare titled Advisory on Social Distancing Measure in view of spread of COVID19 disease [link]https//www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/SocialDistancingAdvisorybyMOHFW.pdf. Point number 3 to this advisory recommends to Encourage private sector organizations/employers to allow employees to work from home wherever feasible. A work from home measure is critical during this time to contain adverse economic impacts on individuals companies and the entire Indian economy. At the same time during this period many people are likely to undergo mental stress and will reach out to loved ones for comfort and support. Even for children remote educational modes of learning will become vital at this time as schools are closed. Many such interests which require social distancing necessary to restrict the spread of Covid19 are supported by the availability of telecom and data services. However as is the case with such a measure we would like to highlight that there comes certain network capacity related risks which policymakers must respond to. A recent report in the New York Times dated March 16 2020 informs us that a work and learn from home set up leads to considerable stress on underlying network infrastructure [link]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/technology/coronavirusworkingfromhomeinternet.html. This is because last mile home service networks are designed to handle traffic patterns which are considerably different to enterprise grade internet broadband networks. Moreover WiFi based home internet systems have their own set of challenges in terms of reliability and quality of service. We need to have a plan to support each other We urge for crucial policy measures by putting forth a comprehensive plan in coordination with appropriate government departments and ministries. We specifically suggest the following 1. Periodic reviews of telecom infrastructure constraints There is an urgent need for the DOT and TRAI to conduct assessments in consultation with large telecom and internet service providers on the capacity to carry voice and internet traffic. Separately theres a need for authorities to engage with representatives from internet users both enterprise facing stakeholders and consumer facing stakeholders in challenges they may face in continuing their day to day activities online. All of these actions must nonetheless uphold the spirit of net neutrality and not lead to discriminatory treatment of internet traffic. 2. Encourage voluntary pledges by telecom companies We recommend that a voluntary pledge may be encouraged by the Union Government in which telecom and internet service providers decide to not terminate services of any residential or small business users because of their inability to pay their bills due to disruptions caused specifically by COVID19. 3. Ensure full and complete access at all times We urge that an advisory may be issued to all State Governments to halt any internet shutdowns or actions under the Telecommunications Suspension Rules 2017 which are likely to increase hardship for people and organisations. This includes measures which slow down internet access speeds since that has the potential cripple economic activities. We urge people from across the community especially technical experts and small businesses on if they have experienced any difficulties whilst accessing the internet or using voice and video conferencing services. IFF will remain alert to the situation should it develop. Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs representation to the Minister of Communications Mr Ravi Shankar Prasad which has been copied to both the DoT and TRAI [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1NoItFPO92ND12WDlw1VdI13KaiAa3tpU/viewuspsharing 2. Link to New York Times article dated March 16 2020 which articulates some of the network connectivity issues faced in the US [click here]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/03/16/technology/coronavirusworkingfromhomeinternet.html Weve got your back folks Our objective is to keep your internet experiences fair open and private. You too can jump on the cause and SaveTheInternet. [Help us by joining forces and becoming an IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ Facing connectivity challenges with the new work from home transition Kick start the conversation with our community on IFFs new forum at [forum.internetfreedom.in]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/.. Experience being the only tourist in this Village of Tribal People in Meghalaya Northeast India. Supreme Court Fumes Over Centres Request For Telecom Firms Says Sheer Contempt. Delhi Assembly Research Centre Fellowship Programme Applications Open for 2020 Session. Lok Sabha passes the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Amendment Bill 2020. Government of India invites solutions to help fight Coronavirus.: [removed]. Maharashtra Central Railway increases platform ticket charges up to Rs 50. Maharashtra latest news Central Railway increases platform ticket charges up to Rs 50. Public Appeal CoronaVirus Relief Fund: [removed]. Illegal use of Facial Recognition for Voter Verification in Telangana: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/rn5p5l0oe7n41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps5b8f0bccd08fac6e713b5f184c1a3ff8621a2a53 Tldr IFF filed RTI requests with the Telangana State Election Commission TSEC and Telangana State Technology Services TSTS pursuant to the use of Facial Recognition Technology FRT for voter verification in the urban local body elections in Kompally on 22.1.2020. We have received multiple replies from both authorities detailing their use of the technology. In this blogpost we summarize those replies and highlight problems which arise as a result. Such projects are emblematic of the need for a three year moratorium on the use of FRT in India during which comprehensive public consultation should be undertaken. \ProjectPanoptic facialrecognition Background On 18.1.2020 TSEC released a [circular]https//tsec.gov.in/pdf/ULBSMPLTS/circulars/2020/CirNo111TSECULBs2020dated18.01.20201401.pdf which stated that they would run a pilot project during the urban body elections in Kompally. In this project 10 pollings stations will use facial recognition technology to verify/authenticate the identity of voters in a bid to counter voter impersonation. According to the circular this technology was developed and supplied t by TSTS. Alerted about possible constitutional risks IFF filed multiple RTIs on January 24 2020 and February 05 2020 respectively. Both RTIs were filed with the state election commission and TSTS to learn more about the specifics of the project the legal basis for the project details on expenditure by the state and safeguards to protect peoples constitutional rights if any. Questions asked On 24.1.2020 our RTI request sought details on the following facets 1. The legislation under which the authorities are using facial recognition technology 2. Whether there was a standard operating procedure for the pilot project 3. Details regarding the results of the pilot projects by TSTS including error rate and bugs reported and 4. The total expenditure by the state on the pilot project. On 5.2.2020 IFF filed additional RTI requests with TSEC and TSTS in which we asked for the project report and questioned the accuracy of the technology. We also asked whether any future use of the technology was planned. Replies received We have received multiple replies from both these authorities. 1. In a reply dated 18.2.2020 TSEC states that it is authorised by Article 243ZA of the Constitution of India to use FRT. Article 243 ZA of the Constitution states that the State Election Commission is in charge of all matters related to the conduct of elections to Municipalities. This however is not a sufficient basis for FRT use for voter verification. Such FRT projects are being implemented in India in a legal vacuum. This violates the decision in Puttaswamy vs UOI which states that certain standards have to be met in order to justify intrusion by the State into the right to privacy. These standards are a legality existence of a law b legitimate goal/state aim c proportionality between the objects and the means adopted to achieve them and d procedural guarantees to check against the abuse of State interference. 2. They also sent a copy of the letter which details the Standard Operating Procedure of the project. According to the SOP TSTS sent its officials to the selected polling stations in Kompally to assist in implementing the pilot project. Identification and authentication was carried out through a mobile app which contained the technology. TSTS ensured that all data will be deleted once the statistics are collected for the pooling process and will not be used for any other purpose. 3. The total expenditure incurred was Rs. 10200 per polling station. The pilot project was carried out in 10 polling stations. Thus the total expenditure is Rs. 102000 i.e. one lakh and two thousand rupees. 4. In a reply dated 27.02.2020 the TSEC says that no decision has been taken about the future use of FRT. Also included was a letter from TSTS dated 4.2.2020 which provides the result of the project including the accuracy rates of the FRT. The average accuracy rate was 78. A 78 accuracy rate is not satisfactory. This is because exclusion as a result of nonverification would lead to a loss of rights. In this case the right to vote. 5. It was also stated in the letter that low results in some polling stations were due to bad lighting and network issues. It was also stated that all the data including the photos were deleted from the servers. 6. In a reply dated 11.3.2020 the TSTS provided information about their previous use of FRT for authentication of pensioners. The accuracy rate was 94 and no bugs were reported. IFFs recommendation The use of such experimental facial recognition systems in Telangana is illegal. It is further proof that without strong privacy protections such systems are likely lead to the erosion of peoples rights. IFF has called for a 3 year moratorium on such use by central and state governments. In the meantime we suggest a comprehensive public consultation on the use of such technologies informed by international debate on the topic which can balance technological advancement with peoples civil liberties. Important Documents 1. Scan copy of RTI replies received from TSEC and TSTS on pilot project conducted in Kompally [Link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1jq0WHJnUlu2YZCjqNJaxgGdl2O3yZDo/view 2. Scan copy of RTI reply received from TSEC and TSTS on project conducted for verification of pensioners [Link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1pb8lEqf8gdq2LTisYBPovqpCvDKDZB/view 3. Introduction to Facial Recognition Projects in India [link]https//internetfreedom.in/facialrecognitioninindiaparti/ 4. Problems with Facial Recognition Technology Operating in a Legal Vacuum [link]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ 5. Lessons from the International Debate on Facial Recognition [link]https//internetfreedom.in/lessonsfromtheinternationaldebateonfacialrecognition/ This post has been authored by Anushka Jain a legal fellow at IFF and reviewed by IFF staffer Sidharth Want to stop the Government from creating a panopticon Kick start the conversation with our community on IFFs new forum at [forum.internetfreedom.in]https//forum.internetfreedom.in/. Help IFF saveourprivacy by [becoming a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. SC clears permanent commission for women in Navy. EXCLUSIVE Documents Show Modi Govt Building 360 Degree Database To Track Every Indian. Petrol diesel price unchanged a day after crude oil drops 11. Population control bill. Is your bank safe These 8 financial ratios can help you find out. When globally central banks are increasing liquidity to fight corona whereas in India: [removed]. Video proof coronavirus is worse than we have been told: [removed]. PSA Given current economic turmoil How The Economic Machine Works by Ray Dalio. Sensex Plunges Over 2300 Points to 31727:  [https//www.thequint.com/news/business/dailystockmarketsupdate16march2020utm\sourcemoengageamputm\mediumpushnotification]https//www.thequint.com/news/business/dailystockmarketsupdate16march2020utmsourcemoengageamputmmediumpushnotification. Lessons for Fighting the Coronavirus From Indias TB Struggle. MeitY defends blocking of satirical Dowry Calculator website: https//preview.redd.it/ulyquakz8zm41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps7f3e67f2821088ab3dcabc58bc0dc11fbe8dd516 Tldr In November 2019 creator of the satirical Dowry Calculator website Tanul Thakur filed a writ petition before the Delhi High Court challenging arbitrary blocking of his website. In its response to the petition MeitY has cited provisions of the Dowry Prohibition Act 1961 which prohibit giving and taking of dowry and ban individuals from publishing advertisements offering dowry as the justification for blocking the Dowry Calculator website. MeitY has also alleged that it could not provide notice or hearing to the Petitioner prior to blocking his website because they couldnt find his contact details even though the screenshot of the website attached by MeitY clearly displays his name and Twitter handle. Conflating Satire with Abetment and Advertisement For those of you who may be unaware Dowry Calculator is a satirical website created by Tanul Thakur in 2011 which generates a fictional dowry amount for every individual based on age height skin colour alma mater etc. The satirical intent of the website is quite evident from its content and design. For instance when one tries to pick a skin colour the options include Pitch Black Not visible on a Moonless night and Wheatish Almost white. Would need some fair n Lovely. The website also states that it is dedicated to all the matchmaking aunties of India. The website was blocked in 2018 after social media outrage by prominent politicians like Jyotiraditya Scindia. Read more about the controversy [here]https//internetfreedom.in/blockingofsatiricaldowrycalculatorwebsitepromptsustotakeactionwhattheblocksavetheinternet/. In its reply to Tanul Thakurs petition challenging the blocking of his website the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MeitY has failed to engage with the Petitioners arguments about his websites satirical nature. Instead MeitY has relied on Sections 3 and 4A of the [Dowry Prohibition Act 1961]https//wcd.nic.in/act/dowryprohibitionact1961 to justify blocking of the website. Under Section 3 MeitY has accused the Petitioner of abetting the offence of giving and taking of dowry. When faced with arguments about the right to satirise MeitY has summarily dismissed any possibility of the website using humour to criticize a social evil merely because it does not contain an explicit disclaimer about being satire. Another provision invoked by MeitY is Section 4A which prohibits any individual from publishing advertisements offering any money or property as consideration for the marriage of his son or daughter or any other relative. Section 4A is clearly inapplicable in the context of Dowry Calculator which parodies and mocks the patriarchal practice of dowry rather than glorifying it. In any case Section 4A can be invoked only if an individual offers dowry for the marriage of his/her relative and this key ingredient is missing in the case of Dowry Calculator. Error User Not Found The constitutional validity of Section 69A of the Information Technology Act 2000 which empowers the Central Government to block websites was upheld by the Supreme Court in [Shreya Singhal v. Union of India]https//indiankanoon.org/doc/110813550/ because there is a mandatory obligation to provide notice and hearing to an individual prior to blocking his/her website. However as Tanul Thakurs case amply demonstrates these procedural requirements are frequently flouted by the authorities. Lack of notice and hearing was one of the main contentions raised in the writ petition and you can read more about it [here.]https//internetfreedom.in/delhihcissuesnoticetothegovernmentforblockingsatiricaldowrycalculatorwebsite/ In its response MeitY has alleged that it could not provide notice to the Petitioner because there were no contact details available on the website. This is contrary to the screenshots of the website which have been annexed by MeitY which clearly feature the name and Twitter handle of the Petitioner. Moreover a simple WHOIS search also provides the email ID of the Petitioner. Therefore it is difficult to believe that all reasonable efforts were made by MeitY officials to provide notice and hearing to the Petitioner. Defending Secrecy in Website Blocking The writ petition challenges the constitutionality of the confidentiality requirement present under Rule 16 of the [IT Blocking Rules 2009]https//meity.gov.in/writereaddata/files/Information20Technology202820Procedure20and20safeguards20for20blocking20for20access20of20information20by20public2920Rules2C202009.pdf in so far as it applies to owners creators developers and curators of blocked content. This was necessary because MeitY had previously invoked Rule 16 to reject the Petitioners RTI application seeking a copy of the blocking order and complaint. MeitY has argued that Rule 16 is necessary to protect the identity of the person who reports any website for hosting illegal content and disclosure of such information would violate the fundamental right to privacy and jeopardize the safety of whistleblowers. While personally identifiable information of whistleblowers deserves protection this does not explain why complaints received from Nodal Officers of Government Ministries and Departments recommendations of the Committee for Examination of Requests and orders issued by the Designated Authority cannot be disclosed. If these documents contain any personally identifiable details of a private individual those details may be redacted but a copy of these documents must be shared with the person whose website has been blocked. The next date of hearing in the case is 21 May 2020 and the Petitioner will file his rejoinder before then. IFF has been providing litigation and RTI assistance in this case since 2019 and we are grateful to Advocates Siddharth Agarwal Vrinda Bhandari and Abhinav Sekhri for representing the Petitioner before the Delhi High Court. Important Documents 1. Copy of Reply filed by MeitY [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1BnZoPP4npx1izGqQUvfKIlVDIBGMO9M/viewuspsharing Censoring the web should not be so easy for trigger happy government officials. Help us make the website blocking process more transparent and accountable by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Govt is Useless. Cant enforce shit.. And thats only one month.. Noam Chomsky The 5 Filters of the Mass Media Machine Manufacturing Consent. Nagaland State Lottery Sambad Result 800 PM Lottery Sambad Result. Impact of COVID19 on the global economy: Is the global economy headed for recession https//www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/istheglobaleconomyheadedforrecession/article31070618.ece. Impact of COVID19 on the global economy: Is the global economy headed for recession https//www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/istheglobaleconomyheadedforrecession/article31070618.ece. IndiaChabaharAfghanistan TIR Corridor Launched. Land Acquisition Judgment Puzzling Questions Left By A Strained Interpretation. India increases fuel taxes in a bid to shore up revenue.. How is this being allowed to happen. Under pressure from states GST Council agrees to examine borrowing from market. Indian Immigration to Canada Skyrocketed in 2019 from Immigrants Flock To Canada While U.S. Declines by Forbes: Quote from the article The big Canadian immigration news in 2019 was the number of Indians who became permanent residents in Canada increased from 39340 in 2016 to 85585 in 2019 a rise of more than 117 according to a National Foundation for American Policy NFAP analysis of Immigration Refugees and Citizenship Canada data. Canada is benefiting from a diversion of young Indian tech workers from U.S. destinations largely because of the challenges of obtaining and renewing H1B visas and finding a reliable route to U.S. permanent residence said Peter Rekai founder of the Torontobased immigration law firm Rekai LLP in an interview. See here. Link to full article https//www.forbes.com/sites/stuartanderson/2020/02/18/immigrantsflocktocanadawhileusdeclines/. Oil slump India will rather play dumb by raising prices: https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/governmentraisesexcisedutyonpetroldieselbyrs3perlitre2194742pfromhometopstories The taxes on Petrol and Diesel have grown by over 100 in the tenure of Modi government. While the other big economies are trying to ensure that they do not go in economic slump by easing their monetary policy India is busy dampening consumer confidence. This news closely follows another one where the Modi government fired Urjit PATEL for not financing 1.56L crores worth of government expenditure. The markets are reeling heavily downwards under pressure due to C scare and it is very likely that the investors will pull out their investments from higher risk based emerging economies. In a looming recession the growth can flee and the institutional investors may pull out in hoards. The Indian banks are failing and the modi government is further dampening the consumer confidence by raising taxes on staple like Petrol. The recent drop in oil prices was perfect opportunity for the government to announce a reduction. In the times needing economic rescue via freer monetary measures the government has chosen to play out a decision lacking economic prudence.. GST on mobile phones hiked to 18. Couples with more than two children barred from contesting elections. Congress Abhishek Manu Singhvi to move Bill for enforcing twochild norm. All you need to know from the 39th GST Council meet. Sources GST Goods and Services Tax Council has decided to increase GST on mobile phones from 12 to 18. Accounting and compliance services in India: [removed]. Some things never change.... How Currency rates are Decided: 1What are the major reasons of Downfall of INR against USD 2 How can we/Government/RBI can make INR stronger. Is it right way to earn revenue:  https//m.economictimes.com/industry/energy/oilgas/govtraiseexcisedutyonpetroldieselbyrs3perlitre/amparticleshow/74622232.cmstwitterimpressiontrue. Comments invited on Draft Companies Corporate Social Responsibility Policy Amendment Rules 2020 Submit by 28th March: Department Ministry of Corporate Affairs Deadline 28th March Notice date 13th March Submission link [http//feedapp.mca.gov.in/csr/]http//feedapp.mca.gov.in/csr/ Documents [Circular]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/03/circular.pdf [Draft Companies Corporate Social Responsibility Policy Amendment Rules 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/03/draftcompaniescorporatesocialresponsibilitypolicyamendmentrules2020.pdf. Govt hikes excise duty on petrol diesel by 3 each. The Yes Bank rescue plan cleared by the Modi Cabinet is sound amp realistic. And for sure its neither a taxpayer buyout nor nationalisation. Its a smart plan can turn out like SatyamTech Mahindra. Shekhar Gupta. Last one I promise . This is in relation to designer clothing and 4050 duties and taxes on imports. Economic development is crucial for social cohesion in India. Swaminathan A Aiyar Prepare for mammoth coronavirusinduced recession. Income tax should be flat 5 for every citizen in my opinion just my opinion. Delhi riots Times Now misreports man firing at Muslim mob as attack on police:  [https//www.altnews.in/delhiriotstimesnowmisreportsmanfiringatmuslimmobasattackonpolice/]https//www.altnews.in/delhiriotstimesnowmisreportsmanfiringatmuslimmobasattackonpolice/. Malls pubs theatres shut parties banned for a week across Karnataka over corona virus. The government has said that all colleges should shut down even wedding birthday parties etc should be cancelled.. Go Corona. Suppose any private bank collapses what will happen to its mutual fund business..: Suppose any private bank collapses what will happen to its mutual fund business.. Like for example Axis has a mutual fund [https//www.axismf.com/Online/Dashboard]https//www.axismf.com/Online/Dashboard Now if axis bank goes bankrupt will the Axis Mutual fund also go bankrupt. Midday meals at homes in Kerala children spread awareness. IPL will go on as per the schedule says Rajiv Shukla IPL Former chairman.. WW2 Army Mobilization by Country in true scale. Kunal Kamra on Twitter remembering demonetisation mocking PM.. Big blow to global stock market by COVID19 India halts trading for 45 minutes. Economic slowdown BSVI transition take toll on automobile sector as sales go down 19.08. Floor plans for Internet in India.: Just read a news that telcom companies are looking to fix floor plans for our internet and data requirements which will increase our internet tariff by around 510x . Why are the companies turning into money sucking zombies for the normal people They already used to suck all our money during the Pre Jio era after that they recently reviewed the prices. I dont think it will go through by TRAI. But what are your views on this. The Saudis are playing a very dangerous poker game and theyre playing it against a chess player. But they dont have a good hand. But the chess player has a very good hand and the chess player is Russia.The Saudis only export oil. The Russians have weapons gold titanium and rare metals.. Want to watch John Oliver do his thing unimpeded: [removed]. We write to Justice AP Shah and IAMAI on selfcensorship by Hotstar. Theres a Cow Urine Hand Sanitizer on Amazon But it May Not Protect You from Coronavirus. Sensex Nifty Set For Another Day Of Mayhem Amid Coronavirus Fear. As coronavirus spooks markets RBI announces 2 billion money shot. India reports first COVID19 death 76yrold man in Karnatakas Kalaburgi passes away due to illness. Every single number in Budget 2020 is a lie Jayati Ghosh [Mumbai Collective 2020]. Kerala Govt Deliver Midday Meals to Homes Amidst COVID19 School Shutdowns: [mentioned in the middle of the article]https//www.telegraphindia.com/india/novelcoronavirusoutbreakkeralashutsschoolscinemasgatherings/cid/1752597 gtAll classes including at madarsas anganwadi centres and private tutorial institutions should also remain closed for this month. Barring exams there wont be any educational classes until March 31 Vijayan said. gt gtThe government will however homedeliver the midday meals provided at the anganwadi centres across the state.. governments being bros. Coronavirus Yes Bank failure oil shock slowdown Indian economy has too many challenges. Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change invites comments on Draft Environment Impact Assessment Notification 2020 EIA Notification 2020: Department Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change Deadline 60 days from 12th March 2020 Contact The Secretary Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change Indira Paryavaran Bhawan Jor Bagh Road Aliganj New Delhi110 003 or send it to the email address at [eia2020moefccgov.in]mailtoeia2020moefccgov.in [draft Environment Impact Assessment Notification 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/03/drafteia2020.pdf. Indias current account deficit narrows to 1.4 billion in December quarter. Indias Worst Economic Slowdown in a Decade. Parliament passes law to open coal sector for commercial mining. Thank God coronavirus didnt start in India Goldman chief economist Jim ONeill. The former Goldman chief economist said theres no way India could react in the way China has.. Bank Collapse In India Prepare For The Economic Collapse 2020 Indian Rupee CRASH. FinMin unsatisfied with Infosysdesigned GSTN Business News. ]OLD] Decoding the corporatehindutva alliance. It happens only in India. Yes Bank crisis Urgent need to clean up Indias banking sector says Raghuram Rajan. GST Council may raise rate on mobile phones to 18 Report. Anil Ambani Owes Rs 12800 Crores To Yes Bank BJP MP Subhash Chandra Rs 8400 Crores. Ministry of Road Transport amp Highways publishes provisions to protect good samaritans asks for our feedback: [removed]. Guess thats how it is now. Guess thats how it is now. Indias Hospitals Have an Infection Problem. Could Accreditation Be the Way to Go. Indias Services Economy Braces For A Hit From Local Spread Of Coronavirus. Modi govt has cut the allocation to the School Education and Literacy department by 27.52 amounting to Rs. 22725 crore in Budget 202021: This was recently discovered and published by Parliamentary Standing Committee on Human Resource Development. More details [here]https//www.deccanherald.com/opinion/secondedit/schoolinfrastructureinabysmalstate812829.html.. Vehicle insurance to cost 5 to 15 more from April 1. People of all professions/fields is there recession in your line of work: Hey guys how is the situation in your respective field Is there really a economic slowdown or is it just hearsay Whats the ground reality Do you think it is global or just regional to India. COVID19 Government of India calls for invoking provisions of 1897 Epidemic Disease Act. All tourist visas suspended till April 15th to prevent coronavirus spread Govt. All existing visas except diplomatic official UN/International Organizations employment project visas stand suspended till 15th April 2020. Ministy of Health/MEA. JUST IN India suspends all tourist visas from March 13 till April 15 to prevent spread of coronavirus government statement. Where all did 7 COVID19 patients go in Kerala Govt releases maps. SBI has cut interest rate on all savings bank accounts to 3. The bank has also waived the SMS charges amp scrapped the minimum balance requirement in savings accounts.: SBI has rationalised interest rate on all savings bank accounts to a flat 3 a move affecting 44.51 crore account holders. Currently the interest rate on SBI saving accounts is 3.25 for deposits up to 1 lakh and 3 for deposits above 1 lakh. Keeping in mind the Customers First approach the bank further said it has also waived SMS charges which will bring significant relief to all the customers. The charges on maintaining AMB are now waived off on all 44.51 crore SBI savings bank accounts SBI said. [Source 1]https//www.livemint.com/industry/banking/sbicutsinterestrateonsavingsaccounts11583928030568.html [Source 2]https//www.livemint.com/money/personalfinance/sbiwaivesminimumbalancechargesonsavingsbankaccounts11583926741082.html. Securities and Exchange Board of India invites comments on Consultation Paper on Evoting facility Submit bh 31st March: Securities and Exchange Board of India invites comments on Consultation Paper on Evoting facility. https//www.sebi.gov.in/reportsandstatistics/reports/mar2020/consultativepaperonevotingfacilityprovidedbylistedentities46213.html Deadline 31st March Contact id evotingsebi.gov.in Shri. T. Chakravarti General Manager Corporation Finance Department CMDII Securities and Exchange Board of India SEBI Bhavan Plot No. C4A G Block Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra East Mumbai 400 051. We are being treated as smugglers Indians stranded in coronavirushit Italy. India primed what Amazons vast new Hyderabad campus reveals about its plans. Amidst Yes Bank crisis textile and apparel industry too get impacted. LPG scheme PM Ujjwala Yojana closed but only 3 States have become kerosenefree. Climate change global warming may hit Indias GDP within a decade Report. AAP Sanjay Singh Shown Big Proof About YES BANK Scam BJP Modi YOYO Kannada News. Just had a quick question of Congress Vs BJP: [removed]. If the right to property is not a fundamental right its just hipocrisy.: I and a friend of mine were discussing about universal basic income for everyone. His point was this whenever someone is born in India they are considered to be a citizen of the country and hence a responsibility on the state. While the state gives them a right to freedom equality religion and education it leaves them in a life long tussle to amass enough wealth to lead a comfortable life. Without money and property all the other rights are basically useless since you wouldnt have any means of survival. UBI is a good way to ensure that you have enough capital in life to start building up on it. Going from 0 to 1 is much harder than going from 1 to 100 and a responsible state should recognise the same. What are your thoughts on this Any insightful readings are welcome too.. Indias embattled Yes Bank debt writedown to hit sector capitalraising. Indias proposed rules to curb web content to undercut digital freedom privacy Changes envisaged are farreaching making intermediaries accountable for content on their platforms no longer eligible for safe harbour protection. BURLD BIDE PHAME. Indians form a significant minority in Malaysia. What is the reason behind it: [removed]. Comments invited on draft rules for Examination and Questioning of Good Samaritans.: Ministry of Road Transport and Highways invites comments on [draft rules for Examination and Questioning of Good Samaritans.]https//morth.nic.in/sites/default/files/circularsdocument/GOOD20SAMARITIAN2028PRESS20RELEASE29.pdf Deadline 27th March 30 days from 26th Feb Contact id [jspbmorthgov.in]mailtojspbmorthgov.in. Election Commission invites inputs on recommendations on various aspects of electoral management Submit by 31st March: Department Election Commission of India Deadline 31st March Contact id [coordinationeci.gov.in]mailtocoordinationeci.gov.in Document [Recommendations on various aspects of electoral management]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/03/02.pdf. Suggestions Invited on Strategy for National Open Digital Ecosystems NODE Submit by 31st March: [removed]. Suggestions invited on simplification of the adoption process Submit by 3rd April: Department Central Adoption Resource Authority Deadline 3rd April Notice date5th March Contact id [carahdesk.wcdnic.in]mailtocarahdesk.wcdnic.in Link [https//pib.gov.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid199856]https//pib.gov.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid199856. Suggestions Invited for Clean Himachal Pradesh Submit by 20th March: Department Department of Environment Science and Technology Deadline 20th March Notice date20th February Submission Link [https//himachal.mygov.in/en/groupissue/invitingyourideassuggestionscleanhimachal]https//himachal.mygov.in/en/groupissue/invitingyourideassuggestionscleanhimachal. I have a general doubt regarding support to defense sector.: The question is simple which party supports the increase of the defense budget and arms privatisation more Congress or BJP or maybe some other party which could rise in 2024. Real worship of hanuman must watch. 44 companies from 10 big groups account for Rs 34000crore Yes Bank bad loans. Humble Request to all State Governments Stop treating other state vehicles like refugees. Cabinet may clear telecom bailout package this week Times of India. Indias Top 10 Trading Partner Countries 1997 To 2020 Fintech Analytics. India as one of the largest tea producers in the world. Check how they went to the top of the list..  : [removed]. The reality.. Present case scenario. Yes Bank. Present case scenario. World turns to India as coronavirus scare breaks textile supply chain to China. Government Data Proves We Shouldnt Believe India Is Open Defecation Free. Stop bragging about Indias GDP being in the top 5 and making a fool out of yourselves. Overall GDP does not matter. Per Capita GDP matters. In per capita numbers India is one of the poorest countries in the world. Yes seriously were not that great.: [removed]. Stop bragging about Indias GDP being in the top 5 and making a fool out of yourselves. Overall GDP does not matter. Per Capita GDP matters. In per capita numbers India is one of the poorest countries in the world.: Yes seriously were not that great.. Shouldnt lowering of fuel prices drastically improve auto and transport sector. IFF writes to the Delhi Committee for Peace and Harmony: https//preview.redd.it/nfby6gr7ell41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps189dca7625bac9264e2cf0cc0b8a95a7ecc9840d Tldr Earlier this week the Delhi Government constituted a Committee for Peace and Harmony to investigate triggers which enabled last months Delhi riots. The Committee has already identified the proliferation of inciteful messaging across social networking platforms as a leading cause for the coordinated violence administered across North East Delhi. As a result the Committee intends to probe online hate speech and misinformation which is shared by social media users online. After a process of validation the Committee will forward complaints to the police and relevant authorities for formal investigation/prosecution. However the Committees reporting mechanism the vague nature of the punishable activity and the degree of punishment lends itself to risks of over censorship and chilling effect. IFF has written a letter to the Committees chairperson along with copies to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and IT Minister Kailash Gahlot. In it we have expressed concerns of how arbitrary criminal proceedings with vaguely defined grounds are incompatible with constitutional thresholds of free speech and expression. We have suggested corrective measures and apprised the Committee of established standards of incitement as articulated at international fora. The Committee for Peace and Harmony In response to the riots which took place in NorthEast Delhi last month the Delhi Government has set up a Committee for Peace and Harmony which is being chaired by AAP MLA Saurabh Bharadwaj. The Committee also includes Abdul Rehman Ajay Kumar Mahawar B.S. Joon Dilip Pandey Jarnail Singh Kuldeep Kumar Atishi Marlena and Raghav Chadha. It aims to address the role of misinformation and incitement to violence in the riots. The Committee also aims to stop any further incitement of communal tensions. The Committee has publicised that the criminal punishment for spreading fake news or hateful content will be imprisonment of 3 years. What is troubling is that the exact provision or law under which such specific punishment is being articulated remains unknown. This is especially concerning since the punishment being discussed would be equally applicable to people who forward or amplify the information as compared to the actual source of origin. This runs the risk of arbitrary enforcement and could see people being sent to jail for speech which is supposed to be constitutionally protected. In addition the mechanism through which the Committee takes up incidents to investigate is questionable. Specifically the Committee has asked the public to report any such messages and corresponding individuals to authorities via whatsApp or email. People who report incidents against which FIRs are filed will receive a reward of Rs. 10000. Such incentive structures will see the public have a bias towards reporting individuals to authorities. We are concerned that this may lead to people getting unfairly prosecuted against. Moreover we are concerned about this leading to excessive censorship and may lead to a widespread chilling effect on peoples speech and expression. One positive safeguard the Committee contemplates is seeking the advice of legal technological and fact checking experts before forwarding complaints to police and other relevant authorities. As on March 06 2020 the Peace and Harmony Committee has already received more than 950 complaints of people spreading hateful content/fake news. IFFs recommendations While the aim of the Committee is commendable it also has to be ensured that any restrictions on speech fall within constitutional parameters of reasonableness and proportionality. Thus in order to remedy the inherent risks associated with the Govt of NCT of Delhis Committee on Peace and Harmony IFF recommends that FIRs are filed only when an offence is made out under Sections 153 A 153 B 295A and 505 of the Indian Penal Code 1860 which are the relevant provisions under Indian criminal law addressing hate speech and incitement. The Committee carefully considers whether the complaints received by it satisfy constitutional standards relating to proximity and imminence of harm prior to recommending criminal action against individuals. Through safeguards it should ensure that constitutionally protected forms of speech such as advocacy and discussion even if they are threatening shocking or disturbing in nature but not amounting to incitement are not trampled upon. Peoples ability to engage in legitimate speech deserve protection even in these trying times. The Committee should follow thresholds of incitement articulated by international human rights forums. In this regard the Rabat Plan of Action developed by the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights in 2013 suggests key factors that must be considered prior to imposing restrictions on speech 1. Social and political context which existed at the time the speech was made. 2. Speakers position and status in society. 3. Content and form of the speech. 4. Reach of the speech act including the size of its audience and mode of dissemination. 5. Likelihood and imminence of harm. The Committee must be careful that its investigations on the dissemination of false information is administered in a manner where the incidents are connected to actual incitement. The Committee must take cognizance of speeches made by political leaders in public gatherings immediately prior to and during the riots which called for violence. This is important even from the perspective of thresholds like incitement since such actors have greater public influence and have very tangible capabilities in mobilising people towards specific action. In order to help peoples constitutional guarantees like their right to freedom of speech and expression IFF has informed the Committee that we are available to provide legal expertise if required. Our expertise in online censorship can help the Committee distinguish between actual instances of incitement against other instances where a forward or retweet falls under constitutionally protected forms of speech. Important Documents 1. IFFs Letter to the Delhi Committee on Peace and Harmony. [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1POk6KBNuessaYnF9PeebNkd5atnRrHy Offensive speech need not be hate speech. Want your elected officials to understand that distinction Join us in fighting for peoples fundamental rights online [by becoming a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Waah Modiji Waah . Opinion Yes Bank How to turn a banking rescue into a crisis. Oil drops 31 in worst loss since Gulf War as price fight erupts. Oil plummets 30 as OPEC deal failure sparks price war. How true is this prediction. India Up for Sale as Modi Offers National Icons to Plug Deficit. Indias Chaotic Bank Seizure Sends Shockwaves Through Markets. SheInspiresUs After turning down Modi Licypriya slams Congress Tharoor replies. With over 10 crore toilets built since 2014 the Swachh Bharat Mission leveraged the power of the people like never before. Tune in to watch how the revolution unfolded on NatGeoIndia tomorrow 8th March 7 PM IST.. Why has Govt removed the Criminal Offences provisions from Companies Act for loan defaulters just before the upcoming expiry of moratorium on Stressed Assets to be classified as NPA on 31st March 2020: Given that the moratorium imposed by RBI to not show Stressed assets as NPA is supposed to be lifted off on 31st March 2020 a lot of Stressed Assets will suddenly be need to be shown as NPAs. The Companies Act 2013 enforced Criminal prosecutions for wilful defaulters for such frauds. But last week Government removed these criminal offences for people who wilful defaulter by way of bad luck and not fraud Government claims they did this to improve easy of business and reduced burden for businesses who did not defaut on loans by committing fraud but simply experienced bad luck. It seems to be that the government is trying to protect the CEOs and Boards of many companies that all of a sudden will be exposed as wilful defaulter after 31st March 2020. I dont think this is a good decision.. What are your thoughts on the effects of internaional health issues on the price of BTC. The Dangerous Truth About Indias Cryptocurrency Verdict CoinDesk. Today I almost cried while withdrawing money from an atm.: No more 2000 notes in the atms. I always had to go to branch or withdraw in multiple of 1500 to get 500 notes as its hard to use 2000 notes where I live. It was a SBI atm. Looks like all banks have started to load 500 and 100 notes following Indian Bank who decided [not to load 2000 notes]https//www.indiatvnews.com/business/newsindianbankatmswillnolongerdispensers2000currencynotesstatebankofindia594277 few days ago. Heres another article on same topic [The mystery of the disappearing Rs 2000 note]https//www.newslaundry.com/2020/02/24/themysteryofthedisappearingrs2000note. Chidambaram calls Modi govts YES Bank rescue plan bizarre. Bhaiyo Beheno .. IampB ministrys aborted 48hour ban of Malayalam news channels is a signal to media to toe the line. No Bank. r/legalizeweed: [removed]. How Delhi Govts Robust Surveillance is Working to Keep Capital Safe from Coronavirus. Behind Yes Bank Crisis Indiscriminate and Unbridled Lending That Must Be Probed. Govt dealing strictly with corruption cronyism PM Modi. Dear PM I decline this honour 8yrold activist on Womens Day campaign invite. We should all see the big picture and believe in our supreme leader.: Some facts that fake news media like NDTV or BBC wont tell you. You can only get this through real media like ZEE news Republic tv or Whatsapp.. 1. Corona virus is a preplanted epidemic by Nehru.. It came to india through Italians.. We all know how close Nehru was to Italy. 2. Scientists have found that hard cash is a major carrier for Corona virus. This was already guessed by Modi and hence he deprived the country of cash through Demonetisation. 3. To fix it even more he has locked public money in YES bank so that people dont have hard cash. Dont judge him yet.. He will take India to glory days. Next he will decrease the population by letting the unwanted elements of society like Dalits Farmers and slum dwellers to die using natural selection Darwins theory. Go read it before you also label Darwin as fake news.. What the Block IFF has heard your complaints and is taking action SaveTheInternet: [img]r1akycifo6l41 Tldr IFF received multiple complaints of irregular website blocking by ISPs in Bengaluru and Hyderabad. The ISPs namely ACT and BSNL justified some of these instances as responses to directions issued by the Department of Telecommunications DoT. Since this appears to be a breakdown of enforcement machinery to the detriment of the network neutrality IFF has written to officials within the DoT and the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI to take up the matter and remedy the situation. What Happened On March 04 and 05 2020 IFF received or got wind of multiple complaints of websites being blocked by internet providers in both Bengaluru and Hyderabad. In Bengaluru BSNL was reportedly blocking the [www.bbc.co.uk]http//www.bbc.uk/ domain. According to a screenshot seen by IFF access to the site was blocked based on direction from the DoT. Additionally ACT was seen to be blocking user access to sites like thequint.com eastmojo.com and onlinebsm.com. We got another independent complaint that ACT was blocking access to blogs hosted on name.weebly.com. Similarly in Hyderabad we received a complaint which demonstrated that ACT was blocking access to an open source web developer site called Bootstrap with the domain name [www.getbootstrap.com]https//www.getbootstrap.com/. The justification provided in this instance was that the site was blocked as per directions from the DoT. Our Analysis Any DoT website blocking order for any of these sites remains absent in the public domain. This we feel is not aligned with the Honble Supreme Court of Indias judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v Union of India dated January 10 2020 which essentially tells Government that orders which block peoples access to the internet should be put out in the public domain. Moreover some if not all of these sites are unlikely to have content which can be blocked as per established thresholds which are prescribed under Section 69A of Indias Information Technology Act 2000. Alternatively we suspect that this is a common tactic of ISPs to invoke Government directions which could be used as a front for arbitrary website blocking. If correct the aforementioned instances are clear violations of net neutrality obligations under existing licensing requirements. The net neutrality principle has been incorporated into the scheme of internet and telecom licenses since July 2018. It mandates your internet provider to not indulge in discriminatory treatment of internet traffic. Discriminatory treatment has been clarified in the licenses to include practices like blocking degrading slowing down or granting preferential speeds/treatment to any content. What have we done IFF has written letters to the DoTs Telecom Enforcement Resource and Monitoring TERM Cells in Bengaluru and Hyderabad to take up the matter. We have also copied these letters to the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI since they just completed a consultation which deliberates on issues relating to net neutrality enforcement. Whats next and how can you help IFF will continue to keep monitoring the situation and take up the issues with authorities if required. For this we need your help. We have relaunched the net neutrality violation reporting mechanism on the SaveTheInternet.in website. Should you feel your ISP is blocking your favourite websites certain proxies VPNs or is slowing down certain streaming sites P2P file sharing platforms we urge you to report it to us. [All you have to do is visit this link here and answer a few quick questions]https//savetheinternet.in/report/. We will keep monitoring your responses and it will help us meaningfully take the conversation with authorities and get them to hold your ISPs accountable. Weve got your back folks We will continue to fight this as long as is required. Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs complaint filed with the DoT TERM Cell in Bengaluru which has been copied to TRAI [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1AMLjp4YFDsRisg4wmp6dt3HhXypgZj/viewuspsharing 2. Link to IFFs complaint filed with the DoT TERM Cell in Hyderabad which has been copied to TRAI [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1EhpvrA0tbcNTuh4AtzxvEljKMePePzH9/viewuspsharingLink to the SaveTheInternets net neutrality violation reporting form [click here]https//savetheinternet.in/report/ Weve got your back folks Our objective is to keep your internet experiences fair open and private. You too can jump on the cause and SaveTheInternet. [Help us by joining forces and becoming an IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Anil Ambani Subhash Chandra on Yes Bank list. Waiting for 1100. BREAKING Central Govt has prohibited transmission or retransmission of Media One TV channel and Asianet News TV channel for 48 hours on any platform throughout India for irresponsible reporting during Delhi Riots asianetnewstv DelhiRiots. [Old]7 Reasons Why Demonetization Is A Masterstroke By Modi. Brace yourself for the next few months of news: [removed]. They have no religion all they want is to burn everything Delhi. Now imagine the plight of a retail investor whose portfolio comprised of equity shares of these companies . Perfecto. I hope Vodafone Idea also collapses so that worldwide investors can see what a shitshow Indian economy has become under Gobhi jee and his band of incompetent retards: When you make a vile hate monger like anurag thakur minister of state for finance you know the economy stands no chance This govt has neither resources within who understand economy nor a willingness to listen to advice on how to fix its shit show. All it cares about is polarizing the country using hindu khatre main hain narratives in an effort to win elections. Im sure gobhi jee derives sadistic pleasure seeing people stand outside ATM queues. The only way to defeat this useless government is when FDI dries up and the economy collapses completely then even chaddi clad bhaktas will be forced to vote for a change. Because food on the table gt religion. Dear Bhaktas who vote for this turd you are the real desh ke gaddaron. NGOs voluntary organisations not aligned to political party are entitled to get foreign funds SC. Rupee at below 74 to a dollar what impact will this have on the economy: With Rupee breaching 74 to a dollar 74.15 to a dollar to be precise what do we expect the impact to be to the economy in the short/medium and long term Also there is a lot of bad news viz weak growth coronavirus etc. Is there any good news anticipated in the short or medium term. Majority of builders may disappear from the scene in three years says Anarock. Is Indias Banking Sector a ticking time bomb that will explode after 31st March because lakhs of crores of Stressed Assets will be reclassified as NPAs: After the revised RBI regulations lakhs of crores of Bad Debts were shown as Stressed Assets in books instead of NPA for time being. Basically a window dressing of books It is being said that after 31st March these Stressed Assets will need to be classified as NPAs. All of a sudden the NPA on books will explode because of this. Eg 17000 cr NPA of Mudra Scheme introduced in 2015 UN recently came out with a report that stated Indias debt has surpassed to over 40 of its GDP Its just that until 31st March most of these were not official recognised as NPA and hence people are not alarmed. Will the economy completely tank after 31st March or will we able to handle this shockwave What do you think guys. NGOs voluntary organisations not aligned to political party are not entitled to get foreign funds. Press Trust of India on Twitter. 15 Million people will die and the global economy will take a 2.3 Trillion hit from Coronavirus in the BESTCASE scenario.. Concern over Lord Jagannaths Rs 545 in Yes Bank. Drowned under virus news for the moment Indias biggestever asset sale a 29 billion privatisation drive.. Rbi has put restrictions on yes bank but his own deputy governor resigns controversy deeps. Provident Fund interest rate at 7year low after cut. Your Money Safe Says Finance Minister As Yes Bank Crashes 85 10 Points. Indian 2 Wheeler Sales Down Owing to New BSVI Norms and Corona: [removed]. Master Stroke hit back. Modi ji ne kiya to kuch soch ke hi kiya hoga... Census NPR will begin from April 1 preparations in full swing MHA The home ministry said preparations for Census 2021 and National Population Register update are at peak and the exercise will begin from April 1.. What is this government doing wrong on economic front: [removed]. India has slid to being a majoritarian state in economic despair writes Manmohan Singh. [Unpopular Opinion] India should remove the word socialist from its constitution and replace it with free market capitalist: [removed]. Top 10 Richest People In The World 20002020. Trade impact of Coronavirus epidemic for India estimated at 348 million dollars UN report. Rupee seen falling to 75 per US dollar as coronavirus cases rises in the country. Spectrum Modern Indian History Chapter22 Part4 Nationalist Response in the Wake of World War II. You reap what you sow. Depositors line up outside YesBank branch in Worli Mumbai after government imposes moratorium and limits withdrawals.. RBI imposes moratorium on Yes Bank caps withdrawals at 50000. Yes Bank Withdrawal Limit RBI imposes moratorium on Yes Bank caps withdrawals at Rs 50000 India Business News Times of India. Freedom in the World 2020 report ranks India among LEAST free democracies. EPF interest rate lowered by to 8.5 per cent for 201920. Indias super rich population to grow 73 over 5 years Report. Somewhere down the line no one can deny that women are more often victims when compared to men but when it comes to false allegations men are more prey to it. How to protect yourself against IPC Section 498a. The mystery behind 127 Hyderabad residents asked to prove their citizenship by Aadhaar authority. Coronavirus threat Delhi govt orders closure of all primary schools till March 31. Tax terrorism in India: Nirmala Sitharaman in her Budget 2020 speech made remarks regarding there not being any cases of tax terrorism nor harassment in India. However ever since demonetisation Nov 8th 2016 and especially in the last 1 year I have come across many cases and people who have complained about tax harassment extortion or straight up getting their places of business or residences searched and seized aka IT raids. It is clear that the Modi govt has set very high objectives for collection and the IT Dept has fallen well short of meeting these objectives hence resulting in such tax harassment and extortions. My questions here are 1 Am I the only one who feels that there exists a system of tax terrorism and harassment that is very clearly being shadowed by the current affairs in the country 2 Have yall come across such instances of harassment personally or otherwise 3 What can be done to prevent and check the misuse of powers by IT Dept and to take the department to task Mods I apologise as I can not provide links to substantiate my claims as most of the cases Ive come across are through acquaintances and word of mouth. I did a quick search on google but hey guess whos got the media by the balls. Superheroes in their capes. The ones who fought the crypto battle for 1.3 billion people. Because of them bitcoin is now legal to trade in India.. Fear is killing you more than the Virus. Flipkart cofounder Sachin Bansals wife files dowry harassment case against him. Taliban dropped India from its thank you list. Delhi should face new Afghanistan realities. India crashes on freedom index Report likens India to China for eroding pluralism. Indias forests are thriving on paper. Indias coronavirus cases nears 30 hits major payments firm. Crypto is now legal in India Less than 10 days after Trump visit Any Link/connection. Women to pay 50 for bus travel in Punjab. https//allifscode.com/wpcontent/uploads/2020/02/allbankslistinindia.jpg. A Mallya or HDIL can get loans without collateral in our country whereas commoners have to suffer Its a very unfair world out there. CRYPTO wins big against RBI: [removed]. CRYPTO WINS BIG AGAINST RBI: Three bench Judge demolished RBI in 180page judgement in favour of crypto and lifts ban on trading. Ashim Sood led the team against RBI for the epic win. It was David vs Goliath. SC restores faith. PFA [Judgement]https//www.livelaw.in/pdfupload/pdfupload370875.pdf. India Has Worst Economy In 42 Years. Is Prime Minister Modi Watching. Supreme Court Of India Just Declared The Banking Ban on Bitcoin by Reserve Bank of India Unconstitutional and I am very happy about it. India can only become a big economy if we take a step towards understanding crypto and move ahead with proper regulations: [removed]. India China overtake South Africa as economic crime. In a landmark judgement Indias Supreme Court ends 2018 cryptocurrency ban imposed by Reserve Bank of India. 15013 infants died in care units in Gujarat in two years Government. How EVehicles Opportunity Can Defeat Climate Change Outrage in India. Indias apex court lifts the ban on Cryptocurrency trading. US fears drug shortages after India restricts exports due to coronavirus disruption. Modi govt has said it would limit export of some common medicines as concerns grow over shortages of chemical ingredients imported from China.. Indias Top Court Strikes Down Curbs on Cryptocurrency Trade. SC lifts the ban on cryptocurrency.. SC allows trade in cryptocurrency quashes RBI curb. Cisco is reportedly helping the Kashmir government block social media apps. [Breaking] SC Quashes Reserve Bank of Indias Ban On Cryptocurrency. Corona Virus Hits Indian Automobile Manufacturing: [removed]. Poverty Rate statewise. Apple cant break up with China Wall Street Journal report argues [Reason Indias roads ports and infrastructure lag far behind those in China]. Spurred by AAP win Jagan goes for village clinics in AP. How Maharashtras dam on Human river threatens tigers. Jharkhand wipes 3 wildlife sanctuaries off records for iron ore mining. Forest Dept. Advises Karnataka Dont Okay Mining Proposals in Virgin Forests. In Geneva A Kashmiri Woman Hails Abrogation of Article 370. Vanishing toilets under Swachh Bharat Mission resurface in Madhya Pradesh. About 4.5 lakh toilets worth about Rs 540 crore were not accounted for in Feb. this year after the first survey to check the existence of about 66 lakh units built in the state since Oct 2 2014 under the mission.. IFFs counter comments to TRAI on net neutrality enforcement: https//preview.redd.it/vl9sny2v2gk41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps850c49910df201d457ac1c8f8b67ff0e469a0c6b Tldr We remain deeply committed to net neutrality. On February 13 2020 IFF had already filed its [main comments]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/InternetFreedomFoundation14022020.pdf with TRAI on its ongoing consultation on net neutrality enforcement. However we were troubled by the requests of large industry representatives and especially internet access providers. In essence their recommendations were geared towards acquiring discretion in terms of network management imprecise monitoring light touch enforcement and discriminatory institutional structures which would translate into limited accountability. IFF has filed [counter comments]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/InternetFreedomFoundation03032020.pdf to rebut these proposals and urge Indian authorities to develop strong mechanisms to realise its seminal net neutrality [amendments]https//dot.gov.in/sites/default/files/DoT20Letter20on20Net20Neutrality20Regulatory20Framework20dated203120072020180.pdfdownload1. Background We were premature in our celebrations folks. While Indian authorities incorporated net neutrality within legal and licensing systems the actual implementation of the framework remains largely nonexistent. To remedy this on January 02 2020 the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India commenced a consultation on the scope of reasonable traffic management practices and a proposed multistakeholder body for net neutrality. The process is meant to define acceptable instances where your internet provider is allowed to block slow down throttle or prioritise certain types of internet traffic. If not carefully crafted it can lead to wide exceptions and inadvertently leave the net neutrality principle impotent. You can read an explainer drafted by IFF on the specifics of the consultation paper [here]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1lWma5roqYKxueelyLwN0zfxyltwnfptsUpetstjNE/edit. IFF responded to the consultation on February 13 2020. You can read the complete version of our submission [here]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/InternetFreedomFoundation14022020.pdf. Alternatively you can read this [blog post]https//internetfreedom.in/onvalentineswesendaloveletterfornetneutralitytotraisavetheinternet/ where we have summarised the main issues addressed by our main comments. Put briefly our recommendations advocate for Limiting scope for discretion which prevents your internet provider from practicing classbased discimination between different types of traffic Creating frameworks which are immediately implementable and avoiding a wait and watch approach which lets telecom providers off the hook Creating holistic disclosure frameworks to hold internet providers accountable TRAI to embrace technical and crowdsourced monitoring tools to develop comprehensive assessment frameworks and Ensuring that a multistakeholder body is transparent and inclusive by design to ensure it does not fall prey to industry capture especially telecom capture. So what are we responding to We noticed that large industry stakeholders especially telecom representatives like Airtel Reliance Jio Broadband India Forum and the Cellular Operators Association of India were largely following the same script. Among other things they advocated for light touch frameworks wide exceptions in terms of what is allowed as network management practices authorities stay away from technical monitoring tools and a complete rejection for any inclusive multistakeholder body. These stakeholders either advocated for no advisory body or at best one which is skewed in favour of telecom players. They also requested TRAI legitimise rights restricting content filtering tools and invasive techniques to snoop network traffic called deep packet inspections DPIs. Their arguments ranged from efficient network management to higher quality of service for the end user. Some players like Airtel even made recommendations which went beyond the scope of this consultation. Specifically they asked TRAI to consider applying neutrality requirements on players across the internet value chain like Netflix. One could assume that such recommendations are meant to serve as a means to distract the authority from the issue at hand. What was really disturbing is that the basis for most of their submissions were on two particularly unfortunate arguments First Airtel argued that the net neutrality principle illsuited in the context of nextgeneration access technologies like 5G. In fact they linked the governments decision to implement the net neutrality principle with future investments in 5G. Second Airtel argued that current legal systems work well enough since there have been no net neutrality violations in the ecosystem since the amendments. As we mention even in our countercomments this is disingenuous at best. IFF has previously written to telecom authorities with its findings on crowdsourced complaints in which the public apprised us of alleged net neutrality violations. For further texture read these blog posts [here]https//internetfreedom.in/whattheblockournetneutralityrulesrequireamonitoringandenforcementstructure/ and [here]https//internetfreedom.in/netneutralityinindianeedstofinditsbearings/. We have highlighted this in our countercomments and discussed how the above representations by stakeholders like Airtel are inaccurate. What have we said in our counter comments Many stakeholders requested TRAI to align its eventual recommendations with the financial and/or economic health of the telecom sector. We have reminded TRAI that another key aspect of internet governance is ensuring the advance of peoples right to receive and impart information the ability to exchange ideas and overall diversity and plurality. Keeping this in mind we have among other things represented the following points TRAI should narrow loopholes like the definition of reasonable traffic management practices and specialised services. This will prevent internet providers from abusing regulatory exceptions to discriminate against certain types of internet traffic to the detriment of internet users. Light touch regulations should be discarded. Strong enforcement is needed since telecom operators are acting in this sphere with impunity at this stage. TRAI should not fall for the 5G red herring and create wide exceptions in the favour of providers for a technology which is ways away from rollout. Monitoring and assessment should be done with the help of technical tools since it can help with objective benchmarking and investigations. TRAI must recommend an inclusive multistakeholder body which prevents industry capture and helps raise institutional capacity within the state to catch and punish net neutrality violations. IFF will continue to keep tabs on the situation and will follow up with relevant authorities to realise an equitable internet experience which was promised out of the original net neutrality movement. Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs counter comments to TRAIs consultation on neutrality [click here]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/InternetFreedomFoundation03032020.pdf 2. Link to IFFs main submission to TRAIs consultation on net neutrality [click here]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/InternetFreedomFoundation14022020.pdf 3. Link to TRAIs Consultation Paper on Traffic Management Practices and a MultiStakeholder Body dated 2nd January 2020 [click here]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/CP020120200.pdf 4. Link to our 6 page summary of TRAIs consultation paper [click here]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1lWma5roqYKxueelyLwN0zfxyltwnfptsUpetstjNE/edit The Avengers had to team up to defeat Thanos. The same goes for us if we have to compete with the powerful telecom lobbies and SaveTheInternet. [Help us by joining forces and becoming an IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Hello there Please answer this short survey for my study on behavioral differences on social media among individuals belonging to majority and minority religious groups in India. All answers will remain anonymous.: [removed]. Coronavirus Will Affect India. But Are We Ready For It. Transparency shouldnt be a one way traffic If the citizens are liable to give their data then why not the Govt.. AAP has no future in Punjab says Congress. 21 Farmers in Rajasthan Bury Themselves Neckdeep in Ground to Protest against Land Acquisition. Is Modi government manipulating the data to show GDP growth above 5. Packaged drinking water in demand as strike enters fourth day in Tamil Nadu. Over 1700 packaged drinking water firms in Tamil Nadu are on strike against the Madras High Court directive to take action against unlicensed units and illegal extraction of water.. After Maharashtra now Madhya Pradesh mulls Muslim quota. Madhya Pradesh is planning reservation in educational institutions and it will be more than 5 per cent water resources minister said.. Eminence tag to two private institutes did not meet key eligibility criterion. India to create its own WhatsApp Govt proposes its alternative service for secure messaging. Grace Marks in Physics class 12 2020. 34 queries in Census 2020 form. Two more Corona virus positive cases reported. Enabling Indias social sector The legal framework governing civil society is too old and complicated and it is keeping the sector from reaching its full potential.. Bill to bring cooperative banks under RBI regulation to get Parliament nod. There are 1540 cooperative banks with a depositor base of 86 million having total savings of about Rs. 5 lakh crores.. Member posts of State Women Commissions of Rajasthan MP have been vacant since 2018. NCW chairperson Rekha Sharma said she has even written to CMs of Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh but till now neither new chairpersons nor commission members have been selected.. Two Coronavirus Cases Detected In Delhi And Telangana Says Government. Bhakts discussing how India is coronavirus free. None point out the govt unpreparedness lack of testing facilities and nonreporting of numbers.. It doesnt look like economic slowdown says minister Hardeep Singh Puri. Coronavirus First positive cases reported in Delhi Telangana. Aadhaar no standout performer in welfare delivery. PAN card holders could be fined 10000 for not linking it with Aadhaar. Indias manufacturing PMI declines in February on coronavirus concerns. RTI response reveals CCTV deployment by Chandigarh Police without legal safeguards. 21 Farmers in Rajasthan Bury Themselves Neckdeep in Ground to Protest against Land Acquisition. Bihar RJD Demands 90 Reservation for Locals State Government Says No Need. Talking to reporters outside the House Tejashwi Yadav said if the RJD is voted to power it will implement the domicile policy.. The Impact of Technology on Real Estate Branding. GDP growth may not revive unless investment does. Companies may default on Rs 2.54L cr bank loans in next 3 years. Does India need a huge police reform/overhaul: [removed]. NDTV reporting: My uncle forwarded a post by one of the right wing supported sites showing how NDTV shared a screengrab by ANI drone shot and how theyre using drones to monitor the situation and cropped out a picture of a mosque which apparently had stones not sure what it is on it rooftop. Is there a reason why theyd do this. Life expectancy map at sub national leveel: Few states in India are getting better while others lag behind massively. How different would it have been if each state learnt from each other and the central government facilitates that for the socioeconomic improvement of the country.. Life expectancy map post from a different sub. Few states in India are getting better while others lag behind massively. How different would it be if each state learnt from each other and the central government facilitates it for the socioeconomic improvement.. What do Indian labour laws say about something like this. Future of Work Aadhaars Chief Architect Pramod Varma on building the worlds largest biometric identity system. Fake ED officer held for extortion in Kolkata Kolkata News Times of India. The Norman Foster Foundation sets out on a mission to rebuild Odishas slum settlements. In Q3 nongovernment GDP actually grew by just 3.9 economy is in ICU needs an urgent booster shot. Maharashtra will be free of singleuse plastic by May 1 Aaditya Thackeray. Truckers owners pay Rs 48k cr/yr in bribes.. With revenues falling income tax dept rake up old demonetisation cases. Indias GDP growth at 4.7 in Dec quarter marginal improvement over Q2. With Q3 GDP growth at 4.7 Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman says steadiness in economy is a good sign. GDP Data News GDP Growth At 4.7 In OctoberDecember Vs 5.1 In Previous Quarter. Indias economy grows slowly in December quarter with virus impact to come. GDP growth slows to 4.7 in third quarter from 5.6 a year ago Govt data. Data Protection and the National Population Register: Tldr As part of its submission to the Joint Parliamentary Committee evaluating the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 IFF has sent a brief analysing the impact of the Bill on the National Population Register. The brief highlights how the National Population Register violates data protection principles of lawfulness consent purpose limitation data minimization and accountability. Based on this case study the brief identifies various loopholes in the Bill and recommends necessary changes. The Database Republic https//preview.redd.it/g8k392ejmnj41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampscbe02f58263c5f04b1e95acec3ec89408650b390 The National Population Register has been in the headlines during the ongoing protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act but the project has a long and interesting history. Originally proposed in 2001 in the aftermath of the Kargil War to address concerns of crossborder infiltration the project was accelerated after the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks. Household surveys were conducted in 2010 for NPR and demographic data biometric data and other government identifiers were collected from the population. It is important to note biometrics and government identifiers are sensitive personal data and their misuse can cause significant harm to an individual. While there was an initial tussle between UIDAI and the Registrar General over whose database will have primacy this was resolved by the Cabinet Committee on UID in 2010 with the Government deciding that the Registrar General will issue Aadhaar cards instead of MultiPurpose National Identity Cards. In 2015 NPR was updated and seeded with Aadhaar numbers. The Election Commission also wanted Voter ID details to be mandatorily included in NPR so it could link Voter IDs with Aadhaar through this mechanism. Earlier in 2011 NPR data was used as the basis for the SocioEconomic Caste Census because the Census Act 1948 prohibited census data from being used. Therefore NPR became the channel to achieve what could not be done through databases which had higher levels of data protection. Recommendations We analysed the NPR project against data protection principles recognized by the Supreme Court in the landmark judgement of K.S. Puttaswamy v. Union of India and found that it fell short on several aspects. https//preview.redd.it/jractwfpmnj41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps682632a4d7910c2d579856b8ba2916598d5ba5c9 Based on this case study we recommend the following changes should be made to the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 to fix loopholes which could lead to a disproportionate encroachment on individual privacy. Clause 5 of the PDP Bill should state that only those purposes which are clearly mentioned in the primary legislation enacted by Parliament will qualify as a valid purpose for collection and processing of personal data if the government is building a database. Clause 35 of the PDP Bill should include principles of necessity and proportionality and mandate independent judicial oversight prior to any exemption being granted by the Central Government. This would also be consonant with the proportionality standard endorsed by the Supreme Court in K.S. Puttaswamy v. Union of India 2017 10 SCC 1. In any case exemption from application of the entire PDP Bill should not be permitted and certain minimal requirements like preservation of quality and integrity of data and adherence to security standards should be required even under Clause 35. Clause 38 of the PDP Bill should be restructured and subclauses d and e should be incorporated as provisos which will serve as a precondition for grant of exemption for statistical purposes. We are very grateful to Srinivas Kodali and Vrinda Bhandari for helping us with this brief. Important Documents 1. IFFs Brief on Impact of PDP Bill on NPR [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/104V9yn1ygjHjIdK92ZWz7PoNvbjSrzY/viewuspsharing Want India to remain a republic of people and not just data points to be shared monetized and manipulated Help us ensure government databases respect individual privacy by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Budgets Routinely Passed Without Discussion And Scrutiny Data Show. India Is Winning The War Against Climate Change. Heres How. Online resources for accessing national statistical data: Hi. Does anyone happen to know of any online sites or portals where I can access the latest and updated statistical data for the country Im particularly interested in the economic ones. A yearbyyear reference would be good but a quarterbyquarter reference for every fiscal year would be great Dhanyavad . Can we talk about Kashmir: [removed]. Budgets Routinely Passed Without Discussion And Scrutiny Data Show. Madhya Pradesh Kamal Nath Govt to open separate liquor shops for women. Why Surats star has stopped shining Indias diamond city is facing a slowdown of epic proportions that threatens to change its face. Raghuram Rajans Advice As Global Growth Slows Over Spread Of Coronavirus. Maharashtra Farmers to lose right of voting in Agricultural Produce Marketing Committees APMCs. Sensex crashes over 1000 points in opening deals Nifty slips below 11350 amid global market selloff on coronavirus fears. Indeco Hotels TamilNadu A Happening Place for Heritage Hotels. Essential features of a rights respecting Data Protection Law: [removed]. GDP tomorrow Third time lucky in third quarter or more bad news in store Fingers crossed. Rs 4 lakh crore gone in 5 minutes Sensex crashes 1000 points Nifty below 11350. 3.5 lakh crore investor wealth gone in seconds as Sensex plunges 1000 points. Unemployed engineers queue up for parking attendant jobs. Trump wants India to counter China.. Top 15 nations per patents From 1980 to 2018 Last update. Demonetisation With revenues falling taxmen rake up threeyearold demonetisation cases India Business News Times of India. With revenues falling Indias taxmen rake up 3yrold demonetisation cases. Tax dept sends notices to jewelers over sales during demonetization days eyes Rs 2 trillion revenue.. US Hedge Fund Asks Zees Subhash Chandra To Exit One of His Firms Report. HAL back on Rafale Radar talks on for making fighter jets in India.. The JampK Govt cannot ban Virtual Private Networks VPNs: [removed]. Bihar Assembly unanimously passes resolution favouring castebased census in 2021. Open Source Governance Initiative:  [img]ptqo3rhebfj41 The root cause of todays burning situation is the fact that we have never seen justice in India. All we have seen is politically motivated vote bank focused attempts at Equality and Equity. In fact when you compare the image with the current situation in India you will realize that we try to bring down even those who are standing higher/taller to produce equitable situation. It is like reducing someones line to make your line look bigger rather than just extending your own line. Further we need to remember that when we appease certain set of people on the basis of religion caste or beliefs we are sawing seeds of destruction by alienating the remaining people. Majority or Minority doesnt matter. We have forgotten the true meaning of Dharma and Karma. Now most of us are blindly following the religion. Since it is always easier to preach than practice I am going to create an open source governance framework which will focus mainly on responsible Growth and life quality improvement. Idea is to use that as desired manifesto which can be used to start a virtual political party which can truly be considered For the people by the people of the people. A party in which recruitment happens through open public debate for the given role. People can raise real questions and find solutions even crowdfunded where necessary. There will be local regional and national subreddits. Final policies will be shared with relevant governmental regulatory and statutory bodies. I know you think it is useless but it is better than nothing they will need to at least have a look at it when it is in public domain and it shows why the current policy is failing and how the situation can be remedied This is not a troll post so I request only serious responses for this. I value privacy and anonymity and hence I will be using Reddit Github and [kialo]https//www.kialo.com/ for this entire project so all of you can participate without any worry. Those who want to get monetary help for local projects can PM me and using [prover.io]https//prover.io/ and other such tools verification will be done. All the possible help will be extended. Here is the roadmap Phase 1 Inviting Ideas from Reddit and fine tuning the Open Source Governance Initiative Framework Phase 2 Updating GroudZero repository with finalized ideas and outline broad areas [https//github.com/opensrcgov/groundzero]https//github.com/opensrcgov/groundzero Phase 3 Starting different discussion threads on [kialo.com]https//kialo.com/ and finalize prioritized list of subprojects along with project leaders. Leaders are selected by the community based on quality of debate and ideas shared. All Reddit community associated with this project will start with osg\ Phase 4 Project leaders will further divide the topic and distribute it further for fine tuning and implementation Phase 5 Based on the final repository and ideas using support from developers/volunteers we will be creating tools/apps/platform for creating managing and monitoring some of the initiatives. Funding will be through donations I will reveal more information at appropriate stage. Preventing cheating in exams is not a reason to shut down the Internet. India was the fifth most polluted country in 2019 and accounts for almost twothirds of the worlds most polluted cities according to the World Air Quality Report 2019. The report was released by the pollution tracker IQAir and Greenpeace. The ranking is based on a comparison of PM 2.5 levels.. India was the fifth most polluted country in 2019 and accounts for almost twothirds of the worlds most polluted cities according to the World Air Quality Report 2019. The report was released by the pollution tracker IQAir and Greenpeace. The ranking is based on a comparison of PM 2.5 levels.. World Coronavirus Coronavirus India HinduMuslim HinduMuslim: [removed]. Ground Report Rioters In Delhi Kill A 51YearOld Man For Sporting Jai Shri Ram Sticker On Bike. [OC] The Conundrum With Regard To The Fine To Be Levied If We Provide Wrong Information In The Upcoming 2021 India Census Which Is To Begin This Year.: ampx200B [INR 1000\/ Fine For Any Form Of Perjury With Regard To 2021 India Census. Perjury is the offence of wilfully telling an untruth or making a misrepresentation. ]https//preview.redd.it/4ew4pa21udj41.jpgwidth560ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsfdaf79fb80780ac2b2c5b5959582098193edff28 How would the digital the 2021 India Census enumerators ensure that citizens are not duplicatecounted unless you provide us a bearers receipt stub Challan as proof that our households have already been counted once just as you had given us in paperbased 2011 Census ampx200B [2011 India Census Bearers Receipt Issued to Me.]https//preview.redd.it/wvv1l99cudj41.jpgwidth1265ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps8c67ef70688372c4669d7d4a1bfd8054145c1de2 If one knowingly gives ones Census data twice because one cannot prove that one has given that information once already it amounts to a lie amp is therefore liable to pay a fine of INR 1000/ as given in the notice above Pls. see relevant portions of 2021 India Census English House Listing Schedule form below. ampx200B [Relevant Portions Of The 2021 India Census Enumerators Form.]https//preview.redd.it/cce7c4ovudj41.jpgwidth1280ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps1d67cc1a669a8fb12ed8cb7b80dfc93fa2110239 Where is the perforated receipt stub Challan to provide to respondent household representatives . Ground Report Rioters In Delhi Kill A 51YearOld Man For Sporting Jai Shri Ram Sticker On Bike. Govt banks out of touch with consumers Finance minister. Breaking the Ouroboros: [removed]. We have written to Government asking them to stop public access to the Vahan database: https//preview.redd.it/8hixrgfof9j41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps63410a23a8dee6cdf0c270f681823e18eee488f7 TLDR Reports emerged early this morning that a vehicle registration database developed by the Ministry of Road Transport and Highway MoRTH called Vahan which is accessible to different degrees by third parties and the public maybe being misused by rioters for purposes of targeted violence. Although these reports have not been confirmed sharing and aggregation of public datasets by departments like MoRTH lead to potential risks of safety and fundamental freedoms. With the help of Srinivas Kodali who provided some timely insights and inputs we have codeveloped a response to various departments of the Central Government and the Chief Minister of Delhi Mr Kejriwa. In it we asked them to take immediate remedial measures. So whats the situation In context of recent [violent clashes]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/violencecontinuesindelhiforthirddayseveraldead/article30916226.ece in Delhi disturbing reports [emerged this morning]https//twitter.com/prasannas/status/1232517145088622592 which suggested that a database for vehicle registration called Vahan was exploited by malicious actors in identifying vehicles owned by Muslim vehicles which were allegedly being burnt down. Although this has not been confirmed by any formal news sources we feel this brings to light a serious human security risk emerging from the ethos of governing personal data. Whats the risk In the absence of personal data protection laws to protect peoples online privacy the Government has been increasingly centralising and aggregating government databases to extract economic value. An entire chapter in the [201819 Economic Survey of India]https//www.indiabudget.gov.in/budget201920/economicsurvey/doc/vol1chapter/echap04vol1.pdfdiscussed this in great detail. However these efforts have little regard for individual privacy and do not seek the informed consent of individuals before their personally identifiable information is integrated or used in these datasets. Further aside from interdepartmental use and sharing of datasets the Government is also increasingly making these databases available to third parties and even the wider public. The issue with such unfettered sharing of data without appropriate consent mechanism or legal/institutional safeguards the data can be misused in a myriad of ways. For instance the Vahan database is accessible by Government and external parties under the MoRTHs Bulk Data Sharing Policy. The purpose of this policy is to help the ministry monetise the data which it has in its coffers and allows private parties create solutions and services for its own commercial or sometimes research interests. However in this instance we have observed the risk of how such Government projects can be misused and can threaten the security and fundamental freedoms of minority and atrisk groups. Our Representation Deeply concerned that government administered databases could inadvertently mobilise threats of violence and public property damage we have written to different departments of the Union Government and the Chief Minister of Delhi articulating our concerns with the Vahan database and immediate actionable steps that we expect leadership to take. Our requests from the government were as follows 1. Immediately stop public and private access to databases like Vahan and Sarathi. 2. Seek a legal opinion from Union Ministry of Law and Justice on the legality of MoRTH monetisation of these databases in light of the Honble Supreme Courts decision in the matter KS Puttaswamy Retd. v Union of India. 3. Immediately stop the aggregation of government databases which lead to seamless sharing of individuals personal and sensitive personal data without any meaningful consent. 4. Since several third party developers and private firms have already downloaded this data from the vahan website and related applications. We urge you to issue an urgent advisory for third party mobile applications to remove their applications from respective mobile stores. It is reminded that these private firms and developers have illegally obtained this information and must be held accountable for their actions. The ministry is requested to take legal actions against these private firms and individuals. 5. Finally moving forward we urge the Government to immediately issue a notification to ensure that public official usage of such datasets adhere to established principles of access control. Such measures are imperative to prevent misuse and/or abuse of personally identifiable datasets. IFF will keep track on the situation and follow up if necessary. We would like to thank Srinivas Kodali for his inputs without which we would not have been able to send our representation. Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs Representation to Government requesting they stop the public access and use of Vahan and other similar databases [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1VsCBmUqTP0fsN8frCYWAcGGK889gR/viewuspsharing 2. To read more about the Vahan database please check out this useful issue brief written by Shashidhar K.J. [click here]https//www.orfonline.org/wpcontent/uploads/2019/12/ORFIssueBrief332DataSharing.pdf. Dear Fellow Indians. Earning Rs 6 lakh Rs 8 lakh Rs 10 lakh or Rs 12 lakh Pay this tax without deductions. Cyber democracy finds answers to some of our most pressing digital rights questions: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/d3o0otn7n7j41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps1b572b5e86173d21090af728db1de252cf182b70 ampx200B There is a dearth of platforms and people who are interested in delving deep into the multitude of issues that plague digital Indians today. Whats even more difficult is finding people who do it in an accessible manner. A large part of my job is to ensure that the work we do reaches people and finding partners who can help us make everyone informed about their digital rights and the threats to it. Collaboration has been a central function of growing awareness and providing a basis of civic engagement for more Indians. One of the first attempts we made was when the generous and excellent team from the independent digital media platform [Suno India]https//www.sunoindia.in/reached out to us with their [Cyber Democracy]https//www.sunoindia.in/cyberdemocracy/ podcast. Suno Indias Cyber Democracy explores our digital fears and desires In December last year we decided to collaborate with Suno India on Cyber Democracy a podcast that seeks to find out what democracy means in the digital age. This podcast is hosted by Srinivas Kodali an independent public interest technologist who has been relentlessly researching and documenting the development of public policy and regulations around tech in India. He uses the audio medium effectively by holding succinct and indepth conversations with experts and activists alike making it accessible for the larger public. From using drones to surveil protestors to [mass deployment of facial recognition technologies]https//internetfreedom.in/facialrecognitioninindiaparti/\ just when you think we have seen it all something newer and crazier comes up. The worst part The everyday Indian knows very little of these developments. This is precisely why collaborations like these become even more important to help us scale our impact. As a communitycentric organisation we need to focus on working with people and communities. Platforms like Suno India and shows like Cyber Democracy help us bridge the gap between our work and peoples understanding of their fundamental rights. A podcast that talks about technology policy without being boring One of the first episodes of Cyber Democracy throws light on the governments reluctance to own up to data leaks and bugs as part of their systems. The episode is called Bugs in Cyberspace and you can listen to it [here]https//www.sunoindia.in/cyberdemocracy/bugsincyberspace/. It talks about one of the most persistent problems that plague us the governments vehement denial in the face of data leaks. A lot of the times when these bugs have been brought to the attention of the authorities the researchers simply dont hear back from them. This is particularly scary in these times of rampant data breaches. Another one of such eyeopening episodes is about the increased use of drones and how their use is regulated and if these regulations are implemented. The episode was called Mechanical Birds. It discovers the history of regulations and how their use has changed over the years. It also speaks about the illegal use of drones during protests more on this [here]https//internetfreedom.in/itsabirditsaplaneohnoitsasurveillancedronewewritetothedgcatotakeaction/ and how these regulations apply to authorities and if they even need permits in the first place. Listen to the whole episode [here]https//www.sunoindia.in/cyberdemocracy/mechanicalbirds/. As someone who hasnt studied law Im not familiar with a lot of the technical and legal terms that are often thrown around when we discuss these issues. Its important that people understand whats exactly at stake so they can fight back and help us fight back. One of the bugs that Karan from the Bugs In Cyberspace episode found in the Indian Gases web API impacted 600 million potential users whose records were stored in the database. Tune in today. And now after a series of insightful episodes and discovering things that make you wonder if you heard that right This season of Cyber Democracy is going to end soon. Podcasts like these help us find newer ways to engage with people and communities. In other words they have our back when we need it the most. The entire team at IFF is so thankful to have worked with Srinivas Kodali and Suno India on Cyber Democracy and we look cant wait to see whats in store for season two. [Cyber Democracy is available on all streaming platforms.]https//www.sunoindia.in/cyberdemocracy/. Lessons from the International Debate on Facial Recognition: Processing img n4h04zgjm7j41... Tldr In our previous posts in this series on Facial Recognition Technology FRT we have mapped FRT projects in different states in India and highlighted accuracy and privacy concerns that arise from the use of this technology. In this blogpost we will trace the debate on FRT usage and conclude by proposing the imposition of a moratorium on these projects. Spike in Facial Recognition Technology Usage FRT has become increasingly ubiquitous in the daily lives of people from Chinas [surveillance state]https//www.nytimes.com/2019/12/17/technology/chinasurveillance.html to the iPhones or the Redmi phones with a face unlock feature in our pockets. The previous posts have detailed how India is steadily warming up to the use of this technology for a plethora of functions. However it is essential to clearly articulate how the data collected through this exercise will be used and safeguarded. This post will look at the solutions that some jurisdictions have tried to introduce and make the case for a moratorium being the best suited for India. Tracing the Debate Countries such as [China]https//www.wsj.com/articles/chineseprofessorfilesrarelawsuitoveruseoffacialrecognitiontechnology11572884626 and [Russia]https//www.dw.com/en/russiancourtrejectscalltobanfacialrecognitiontechnology/a51135814 have seen unsuccessful legal challenges to FRT wherein Courts have held that there has been no breach of privacy in both these instances. Hence we must turn to countries which have taken a more proactive stance on dealing with this technology by envisaging diverse forms of regulation such as 1. Complete bans 2. Regulations applicable on public authorities or private players and 3. Moratoriums. Bans The US city of [Somerville MA]http//somervillecityma.iqm2.com/Citizens/DetailLegiFile.aspxID20991amphighlightTermsfacial20recognition20technology has placed a ban on any city officials/departments or people contracted by the city from employing this technology. The reasons it has given are as follows 1. Women young people and people of colour have a higher risk of false positive identifications 2. Databases which FRT is applied to are plagued by racial biases which in turn generates copycat biases in face surveillance data and 3. The public use of face surveillance can chill the exercise of constitutionally protected free speech. Other places such in the US have taken a similar stance and imposed complete bans on FRT by public officials San Francisco Cambridge Oakland or in body worn cameras by law enforcement officers in Oregon. However a wellexecuted ban would require thought and deliberation. For instance in San Francisco the initial ban [had to be amended]https//www.businessinsider.in/politics/news/sanfranciscoischangingitsfacialrecognitionbanafteritaccidentallymadetheiphonesitgavetocityemployeesillegal/articleshow/72894226.cms to allow employees to use FaceID on their governmentissued iPhones a feature that didnt seem to have been adequately considered beforehand. Clare Garvie of the Georgetown Law Center for Privacy and Technology [has pressed the need to first define]https//www.americaunderwatch.com/ what is meant by facial recognition. Does it simply mean matching of facial images or anonymised sentiment analysis and any other current uses A robust regulation would also need to take into account the global nature of the technology industry. Facerecognition algorithms used in one country may be made by a company from another country. Does such a ban simply mean a ban on the purchase of that technology meant to be applied within the borders of one country or does it also extend to import of FRT from another country. She concludes by saying that there is no political will and global capacity to entirely prevent the use or development of FRT around the world. Regulations Concurrently countries which have embraced the use of FRT and are devising methods to regulate it. Last year when the [South Wale Polices use of FRT was challenged]https//www.judiciary.uk/wpcontent/uploads/2019/09/bridgesswpjudgmentFinal0309191.pdf in the High Court of Justice the Court did not find it violative of their data protection standards or other relevant laws. Moreover it held that the use of this technology balanced the interests of the community safety and individual privacy and fell within the ambit of their existing laws. On the basis of this case the [Information Commissioner of the UK has recommended]https//ico.org.uk/media/abouttheico/documents/2616184/livefrtlawenforcementopinion20191031.pdfcogently laying down how these laws govern the use of this technology. The US state of Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA lays down strict standards which are applicable to private entities. It requires written consent before collecting someones biometric information one of which is face geometry. Biometric data is particularly sensitive information because it is unique to every individual. Passwords and social security numbers for example can be changed in the event of breach but a face cannot. Under BIPA individuals can sue anyone violating their privacy rights even[ absent a financial injury]https//www.natlawreview.com/article/illinoissupremecourtdeclaresaggrievedunderbipaincludesthosenoinjury resulting from the violation. [Facebook]https//www.businessinsider.com/facebookreaches550millionsettlementinfacialrecognitionlawsuit20201IRT has been held liable under BIPA for illegally collecting and storing facial recognition data for its Tag Suggestions feature. However exceptions exist. A private entity has to disclose the collected biometric data if it is a requirement under state/federal/municipal law a warrant or a subpoena. The State of Washington US home of Big Tech companies Amazon and Microsoft has also proposed a bill which will regulate private entities using FRT and has similar exceptions i.e. making disclosures to government authorities if it is permitted under existing laws. For those looking to implement laws similar to these the principal question that arises is whether there are enough existing safeguards in place to successfully protect peoples data. A question [as we have previously noted]https//saveourprivacy.in/ India cannot answer in the affirmative since the Personal Data Protection Bill PDP Bill has still not been implemented. Moratoriums Civil liberty organisations advocate [putting a halt on the use of FRT]https//www.technologyreview.com/f/615098/facialrecognitionclearviewaiepicprivacymoratoriumsurveillance/ until further debate. Realistically speaking it is prudent to recognise the widespread adoption of FRT and begin contemplating how we will address its worst tendencies. In its recently published [white paper]https//ec.europa.eu/info/sites/info/files/commissionwhitepaperartificialintelligencefeb2020en.pdf on the use of Artificial Intelligence the European Union concluded with pressing upon the need to have a sustained conversation about how to adequately regulate the use of this technology. It invites comments from various stakeholders so that standards may be set down. Similarly the US Congress has been under pressure from activists and concerned citizens to take action on FRT regulation. Consequently two Senators in the US have recently put forth a legislation which proposes a moratorium while a Commission comprising law enforcement and immigration enforcement officials privacy and technology experts and communities most impacted negatively by the use of FRT submits a report with its recommendations to the Congress. The Congress must then pass a law to regulate FRT within a specified timeframe. So what should India do Based on the observations in [our previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ FRT systems in India need a lot of fine tuning before they can be rolled out properly. Further based on Indias experience with Aadhaar it would be advisable to hit pause and contemplate the serious challenges that come with an invasive technology. Retrospectively regulating an already introduced measure would be an extremely difficult task and would mean setting ourselves up for failure. Taking the lead in flagging this issue we propose a moratorium of three years on the ongoing FRT projects in India which would mean pressing pause on these projects. We also hope to have more clarity in this regard once the Personal Data Protection Bill is passed. In the meanwhile a thoughtful dialogue is required where government industry civil society human rights groups academia and similar stakeholders have a proactive dialogue which can articulate a policymaking/legislative pathway on the issue. The conversation must be nuanced enough to differentiate between different uses of the technology which can span governance monitoring law enforcement commercial RampD academia healthcare and many more unforeseeable domains. However as we have previously observed in this series the Indian Government and some members of industry are essentially running the risk of placing the proverbial cart before the horse. The need for a conversation is urgent and we will use these global learnings to inform our own position moving forward. This post has been authored by Ashi Mehta a legal intern at IFF and reviewed by IFF staffers Sidharth and Devdutta. Important Documents 1. On Artificial Intelligence A European approach to excellence and trust [link]https//ec.europa.eu/info/sites/info/files/commissionwhitepaperartificialintelligencefeb2020en.pdf 2. Ethical Use of Facial Recognition Act [link]https//www.merkley.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/20.02.1220Facial20Recognition.pdf 3. Introduction to Facial Recognition Projects in India [link]https//internetfreedom.in/facialrecognitioninindiaparti/ 4. Problems with Facial Recognition Technology Operating in a Legal Vacuum [link]https//internetfreedom.in/problemswithfacialrecognitionsystemsoperatinginalegalvacuum/ Oops I did it again Indian Govt. circa 2020 Want to prevent the Government from deploying yet another tool to keep tabs on you Help IFF by [becoming a member today ]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Jammu and Kashmir police question three journalists amid social media ban Committee to Protect Journalists. Anything I Can Do To Mediate I Would Do Trump Repeats Kashmir Offer. In India Can a life insurance amount still be claimed if the person insured dies in police custody or encounter or any activity against the State: [removed]. Ground Report In Riot City Hindutva Mobs Rage With Impunity as Police Watch in Silence. Banks of future will be very different says RBI governor Shaktikanta Das. As an American I am interested in seeing how people from India feel about this. Trump should pay an annual visit to India as long as Modi is PM.. What Does The Indian Economy Need. Tiruppur knitwear hub in doldrums. Government bans opening of new engineering colleges for 2 years Everything you need to know. Narendra Modi Tycoon and a teasellers son Trump Modi share striking similarities. Trump due to begin first official trip to India. Killing the goose that laid golden eggs. Analysis of 17 mature and emerging economies finds India is digitizing faster than any other country in a study save Indonesia and there is plenty of room to grow I predict that the 21st century is going to be the Indian century. said Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos on his recent visit to India.. India is now the worlds 5th largest economy leapfrogging France and the UK As recently as 2010 India was in 9th place trailing countries such as Brazil and Italy. Indias rise is even more dramatic across the past 25 years. Since 1995 the countrys nominal GDP has jumped more than 700.. The 3000 tonne gold deposit news turns out to be false.. Donald Trump is coming to boost his economy not ours BJP MP Subramanian Swamy. Government orders Public Sector Banks to process 2.3 crore KCCs for PMKisan beneficiaries in 19 days for another PR Announcement Does the government expect the bankers to not eat sleep shit or go home during these 19 days. 160 Kgs of Gold. Rubika Liyaquat Asked Swara Bhaskar Some Hard Hitting Questions on CAANPRNRC. No discovery of around 3000tonne gold deposits in UPs Sonbhadra GSI. Masayoshi Son reportedly called OYOs Ritesh Agarwal as the little brother of the infamous Adam Neumann who wrecked WeWork.. Manipur government considering legalising cannabis plantation. Gold mine with 5 times Indias current reserve found in UPs Sonbhadra. Capital cities by population. Uttar Pradeshs economy estimated to expand by 4.4 in 201920. Massive gold mine discovered in UPs Sonbhadra likely to hold five times more precious metal than Indias current reserve. India emerges as worlds 5th largest economy overtakes UK and France says report. India strikes gold worlds largest gold mine tagged in UP. The previous largest was in Germany.:  [3500tonne gold mine estimated at Rs 12 lakh crore found in UP five times bigger than Indias reserve]https//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2020/feb/21/3500tonnegoldmineestimatedatrs12lakhcrorefoundinupfivetimesbiggerthanindiasreserve2106630.html. Plea to frame guidelines on identifying minorities. Facing a fiscal crisis for long Modi govt now seems to be pushing states into a crisis too. Was watching Narcos Mexico the other day. Was watching Narcos Mexico the other day. On FLOTUS itinerary happiness class at a Delhi government school. Worlds poorest countries. Twitter is testing new ways to fight misinformation including a communitybased points system:  [https//www.nbcnews.com/tech/technews/twittertestingnewwaysfightmisinformationincludingcommunitybasedpointsn1139931]https//www.nbcnews.com/tech/technews/twittertestingnewwaysfightmisinformationincludingcommunitybasedpointsn1139931. Side effect of slowdown Savings at 15year low and its a cause for worry. How One Woman Discovered the Female FatLoss: [removed]. US holds all the cards in trade relationship with India and Trump knows it well. Problems with Facial Recognition Technology Operating in a Legal Vacuum: [removed]. How Hindu supremacists are tearing India apart. Top 15 World Manufacturing Nations in the world From 1970 to 2017. One of the most important battles in world history was the Battle of Diu which was fought between Portuguese on one side and Calicut Gujarat Egypt and Venice on the opposing side.. Delhi A protest was organised by Jamia Coordination committee outside UP Bhawan today against UP govt and demanding the release of Dr Kafeel Khan. The protesters have been detained by the Police.. Indian population is growing much faster in the north and the south is paying the price. How Coronavirus Outbreak Could Shrink Indian Automotive Industry. Indias great data firewall plans Big tech and social media companies may have to contend with new rules that hamper their operations. India clears accord on intellectual property rights with US. Why Indias states are antsy about money. India Plans For Third Aircraft Carrier INS Vishal Have Reportedly Been Shelved Over Financial Woes. LampT Chairman Says Defence Factory which PM Modi inaugurated 12 months back will shut by Sept 2020. Modi Govt doesnt have funds to buy field guns. A bold interview What Make In India are we talking Be it any political party this interview shows how State Govts are destroying businesses.. UIDAI notice to 127 in Hyderabad on Aadhaar in bad faith Asaduddin Owaisi india news. Modi govt doesnt acknowledge the word slowdown Manmohan Singh. A tale of two development models writes Madhav Gadgil. Soon AI IOT Cloud to be must for all UG engineering degrees faculty training underway. India to switch to worlds cleanest petrol diesel from April 1. Coronavirus outbreak to hit global growth to have limited impact on India RBI governor Times of India. Subramanian Swamy GST biggest madness of the 21st century India Business News Times of India. Modi backtracks on freetrade vow with import curbs in India. Cabinet approves Swachh Bharat Mission Grameen PhaseII. China is forcing map makers to show that arunachal pradesh is their territory. No trade deal yet says Trump. Trump dashes hope says not to sign trade deal with India during this visit. India to switch to worlds cleanest petrol diesel from April 1. Donald Trump really likes PM Modi but saving a big trade deal with India for later. Wow. After the Shutdown in China.. Knowledge on small cities What are we missing. Organised jewellery movers have gained from demonetisation GST. Alcoholism SUVs amp community loss Changes accompanying Jewar NCRs 2nd international airport. In Its 1st Year Congress Government In Rajasthan Filled 31K Vacancies Over 28k Appointments Soon Officials:  https//www.ndtv.com/jobs/rajasthangovernmentjobsinits1styearcongressgovernmentinrajasthanfilled31kvacanciesover2168126amp1ampakamairumoffamptwitterimpressiontrue. Union Budget moves away from Right to Education 1.3 lakh schools closed down. Trump imposes a 260 million penalty on India on the eve of his visit. UK Launches New PointsBased Visa System. What It Means For India Others. How India is bleeding itself dry The Morning Context. India becomes 5th largest economy overtakes UK France Report. China calls on India to review trade travel curbs lauds humanitarian spirit. NSOs consumer spend report showing first fall in 40 yrs wont be released. Its official India overtakes UK amp France to become worlds 5th LARGEST economy. Indias First Medical Cannabis Clinic Is Finally Here. Maruti doesnt care for safety of its passengers. Only 8.4 crore poor in India claims a new study. NSOs consumer spend report showing first fall in 40 yrs wont be released. Washington Post video about happiness program in delhi government schools.. Dr. Subramanian Swamy seems to be a very knowledgeable educated individual in the Finance domain he is a Ph.D from Harvard University a great patriot nationalist as well as a pro Hindutva warrior. Why is he not getting to lead the Indian Finance Ministry. Why ONGC shares are below 100 for the first time in 15 years. Do you know Vivad se Vishwas tak Scheme will help in achieving Rs 9 lacs crores of tax revenue: Vivad se Vishwas tak Scheme will help in faster resolution of pending tax disputes related to direct taxes Income Tax and Corporate Tax. There are 4.83 lacs direct tax disputes pending in various courts. Learn more on [Vivad se Vishwas Scheme]https//www.xamnation.com/vivadsevishwastakscheme/. If Vodafone Idea disconnects India picks up the bill Times of India. Interesting.. Dr. Subramanian Swamy on the current state of Indian economy CAA constitution and much more. India becomes worlds 5th largest economy overtakes UK France Report. Nearly 400 Indian bird species number declined in the last 25 years says new report. This is legit unless you are an Indian.. Jamia violence Media misreport wallet as stone in students hand Alt News. Karan Thapar interviews Tavleen Singh for The Wire. https//m.hindustantimes.com/indianews/rs64384crspentonpromotionofsanskritin3yearsgovtdata/story8LLLjyebUs8RbaL2J1LS9H.html: The govt has spent Rs 643.84 cr on the promotion of Sanskrit in the last 3 years which is 22 times the combined spending of Rs 29 cr on the other five classical Indian languages Tamil Telugu Kannada Malayalam and Odia Ministry of Culture figures show. Spread of Coronavirus in February. If Vodafone Idea disconnects India picks up the bill. Moodys cuts 2020 GDP growth forecast to 5.4 from 6.6. Moodys cuts 2020 GDP growth forecast to 5.4 from 6.6. Nirbhaya convicts hanging date Delhi court issues fresh death warrants for March 3 against 4 convicts Delhi News Times of India. Its time to put a limit on the Income Tax exemption on Agricultural Income: Yes Agriculture is the backbone of our country. And that most of farmers are too poor to pay taxes. But there are also many farmers who earn crores of rupees under Agricultural Income and dont pay either Income Tax or GST Salaried people have been bearing the burden of paying taxes honestly while these rich farmers most of them are politicians keep enjoying the Tax Exemption. In my opinion Agricultural Income above 2 crores should be taxed at 10 in my opinion. We can have a debate about the adeqaute tax rate but to let a farmer earning Rs 10 crore and driving around in his Mercedez while not a paying a single dime in Taxes is unacceptable to me. And lets be honest. This exemption has also led to many people laundering their money from their other businesses and showing it as Agricultural Income on their ancestral land. If poor farmers are given subsidies and loan waivers then at the same time Rich farmers should be mandated to pay taxes too What do you think. Trump imposes a 260 million penalty on India on the eve of his visit. THIS Capital is the largest populated. In India Big Brother really IS watching you as govt adopts a privacy rights model more like that of China than of Europe.. Moodys lowers GDP growth rate for 2020 to 5.4 per cent. His Networth is Zero Anil Ambanis Lawyers Tell UK Court in Chinese Loan Default Case. Facial Recognition in India Part I: [removed]. Women In Army Considering the Delhi HC judgment Union had the obligation to grant female officers permanent commission SC holds.. Permanent commission for women in Army SC upholds Delhi HC verdict raps Centre over sex stereotypes. Economic slowdown hits factories hard in Coimbatore. [Discussion] What do you guys think about India potentially heading towards a middle income trap News link for a brief overview . Can anyone daring enough file an RTI against modi building a wall for trump: Hi Whoever does this will be super courageous on my eyes As tax payers we should really understand the government shit logic in building up a wall to hide poverty and how that is not a waste of tax payers money Its the capital of the state and if he is so afraid to show India might as well build walls in Mumbai as well..rather than building homes for the poor. Very well wasted my tax paid money. Please someone file an RTI for it. Too scared of the Hindu community and modi bhakts. I know I should do it to raise my own thoughts and self respect in front of my eyes but if a powerful man reads this and does it. I am fine by it.. Coronavirus may hit 28 Indian imports. Kashmir Govt slashes salary of college contractual lecturers by over 47 percent. Howdy Modi President Trump Lands Death Blow Ahead of Indian Summer. Only 2200 Indians have annual income more than 1 Crore. Do you believe. The 15 most producers of apples in the world Since 1961. Independence Day 2019 North is North South is South will they ever meet. Why the stimulus has failed to lift the economy. What does developed tag mean for India.. We are in an economic crisis. In Business Standard Today. In Business Standard Today. India forex reserves soar to record 473 billion. Budget proposals wont have much inflationary impact RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das. We are a developed nation.. Grave consequences Sena after US removes India from developing countries list.. SAPHow To Generate Different Service Reports and Perform Different SAP Tutorial in Hindi. Simultaneous Elections Draft Report LAW COMMISSION OF INDIA. The mentality of government has shifted to get the revenue by Penalties and Late fees through GST.. Amit Shah trolled as Pappu for his five million ton economy comment. PAN to become inoperative after March 31 if not linked with Aadhaar IT dept. 5year jolt for Karnataka as state set to be biggest loser in tax share under 15th Finance Commission.  : [removed]. Indian Railways zone becomes 1st in India to have energyneutral stations Details amp list of stations here. Indian students protest against forceful strip for menstruation checks. On Valentines we send a love letter for net neutrality to TRAI SaveTheInternet:  https//preview.redd.it/u78c91rqqvg41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampsf129985762fc3a71684d2c90830c94b9ba750065 Tldr Our commitment to our SaveTheInternet campaign remains steadfast. IFF responded to TRAIs ongoing public consultation on net neutrality enforcement. We have provided recommendations to ensure India has meaningful net neutrality which goes beyond mere reference within legal systems. Our response addresses the need to remove scope for discretion increase transparency and accountability boost the local measurement ecosystem and build better moreinclusive institutions. Background As we have [previously written]https//internetfreedom.in/traiconsultationonnetneutrality/ the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI is in the midst of a public consultation on net neutrality enforcement. The issue is of course very close to our hearts since it was the rallying cry which brought together more than a million Indian internet users under the SaveTheInternet.in campaign. It is their collective voices which helped steer telecom authorities in recognising the principles of an open fair and equitable internet. The principle is meant to help ensure that your internet provider cannot dictate your experience online. You can read about the historicity of the issue [here]https//savetheinternet.in/blog/guesswhosbackbackagainsavetheinternet/. The net neutrality principle which was formalised in July 2018 prohibits your internet provider from discriminating economically or technically between different types of internet traffic/applications. Economic disrimination is reasonably easy to detect and is explicitly regulated through the Prohibition of Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services Regulations 2016. However without an actual enforcement regime we noticed that technical discrimination was going ahead unimpeded. As a result we [brought back]https//savetheinternet.in/whythisagain/ the SaveTheInternet.in campaign and petitioned authorities like TRAI to work towards developing an enforcement framework to internet providers accountable. Well yesterday i.e. 13th February 2020 was the last day for initial comments to TRAI on issues relating to enforcement. The consultation relates to both technical standards on how to identify disproportionate or discriminatory traffic management and the composition of a multistakeholder institution which will work with Government in framing standards and requirements to uphold the net neutrality principle. Our Top Concerns and Recommendations We have emailed our recommendations to TRAI and IFFs primary focus is ensuring that the actual implementation of the framework remains individual and user centric. Our aim is to ensure that the framework does not drift towards a scenario where your internet provider has undue influence on the actual enforcement. The primary risks which could arise due to an ineffective framework include Regulations which offer internet providers a pass and they do not have to publish enough information in terms of quality and quantity. Vague regulations which offer your provider with enough discretion to discriminate between different types of services on an arbitrary basis. Think of a scenario wherein your gaming streams P2P file sharing applications or encrypted traffic is performing worse because your internet provider has made some decision behind closed doors. Prolonged wait and watch approach could be used as a veil which prevents any enforcement mechanism in the interim. A dearth appropriate traffic measurement systems Finally if a multistakeholder body which is meant to be representative of the entire public and will advise authorities on enforcement is cornered by your internet provider and large internet businesses. Our recommendations have addressed these issues headon and provided substantive recommendations to mitigate each of these risks among other issues. However there is more to be done and we must remain vigilant. Next steps and how can you participate The consultation remains open and the next stage is the Counter Comments phase. February 27 2020 is the last day by when the public can submit counter comments to TRAI. For this stage we encourage you to read our submission and please feel free to shoot us an email on policyinternetfreedom.in if you feel we may have missed something or if you wish to provide any inputs. Due to the technical nature of the consultation we would be especially keen on inputs from technical experts network engineers and other concerned citizens. You could Sign the Take Action Petition While such enforcement frameworks are being devised and will take time there exist clear breaches of net neutrality in the form of illegal website blocking by ISPs. This is the clearest form of existing violations of binding license regulations. Join more than 3000 people who have signed on and are asking for immediate action and remedy at [SaveTheInternet.in]https//internetfreedom.in/traiconsultationonnetneutrality/savetheinternet.in in the meanwhile. You can support this campaign by signing on Important Documents 1. Link to IFFs submission to TRAIs consultation [click here]https//drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/1rvHyJ9yHugDebhZ7kNIAVmq82z4MT 2. Link to TRAIs Consultation Paper on Traffic Management Practices and a MultiStakeholder Body dated 2nd January 2020 [click here]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/CP020120200.pdf 3. Link to our 6 page summary of TRAIs consultation paper [click here]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1lWma5roqYKxueelyLwN0zfxyltwnfptsUpetstjNE/edit Want to ensure your Dota streams lag less Or talk with your loved ones on Valentines Day through secure and reliable encrypted means IFF will continue fighting the good fight till we SaveTheInternet. [Help us by joining forces and becoming an IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. We are a Mixed Economy Indians. We are Neither Capitalist nor we are Socialist and We Are Fucking Not a Bloody Communist Country. So Shut Your Damn Naxalite Agenda and Swallow the Bitter Pill with a Freaking Glass of Water or Shove them Up Your Ass...I Dont Care.. The new code on labor is more an employer exploitation manual than a labor code: An analysis on how it promotes exploitation A. The most glaring instance of the governments failure to support labour standards is the Ministry of Labours proposal to fix the national minimum floor wage at 178 without any defined criteria or method of estimation. B. This could lead to a dangerous race to the bottom by individual States in a bid to attract capital and investments. This is rightly being called starvation wage especially given that the Ministrys own committee recommended 375 as the minimum. C. Another concerning issue is that the four codes exclude over 95 of the workforce employed in informal units and small enterprises who in fact are in greater need of legal safeguards D. There is no clarity on who constitutes an employer an employee or an enterprise giving the owner greater discretion to interpret the provisions while making it more difficult for the worker to draw any benefits from them. E. The code on wages legitimises and promotes further contractualisation of labour instead of abolishing it by insulating the principal employer from liabilities and accountability in the case of irregularities on the part of the contractors. F. it is proposed that apprentices be no longer considered employees at a time when evidence indicates that apprentices are made to do jobs of contractual as well as permanent employees. G. And if all this were not enough the wage code also brings back the draconian provision of recoverable advances a system that the Supreme Court clearly linked to coercive and bonded labour wherein distressed and vulnerable migrant labourers could be bonded to work through advance payments. This is akin to modern forms of slavery also encountered in rural labour markets. H. Similarly the eighthour workday shift has been done away with and multiple provisions of increased overtime have been inserted. The code also gives ample alibis to employers to evade bonus payments. I. seeking justice against unfair practices of employers has become even more difficult now as nonpayment of wages will now not be a criminal offence and penalties in case of noncompliance have been reduced. The government wants to provide a facilitative rather than a regulatory and punitive environment for the owners with facilitatorscuminspectors replacing the inspectors who used to ensure implementation of various labour laws to aid employees. J. The code even has a provision on employees below fifteen years of age which can be construed as legalisation of child labour.. We Are a Mixed Economy Indians. We Arent Capitalist and Neither Are We Socialist. And We Are Hella Not A Freaking Communist. So Shove Your Naxalite Agenda jn Your Butts and Swallow The Damn Butter Pill with Water. Fact Check Misleading comparison between Statue of Unity and Taj Mahal goes viral. Inside an Indian special camp We will either get out of here or we will die here On the ground report from Australian publication Red Flag. After DefExpo UP eyes foreign investment with global summit Lucknow News Times of India. Trump and the wall.. ITC is first to hike cigarette prices post budget makes them 1020 dearer. Waiting for someone to say India is a developed country according to US.. US stops treating India China as developing countries for trade benefits. Where People Are Losing Faith In Capitalism. Delhis Education Revolution Atishi TEDxGurugram. India among countries CIA spied on for decades using swiss encryption product say reports. Crypto AG which allegedly helped CIA break codes has sold its products to well over 100 nations.. Facebook YouTube Twitter and TikTok will have to reveal users identities if Indian government agencies ask them to according to the countrys controversial new rules for social media companies and messaging apps expected to be published later this month.. Daffodil Software Uses AI to Empower the Visually Impaired in RBI MANI app. RBI hopes for investment cycle turnaround as FY20 planned capex rises. Better to set stiff target than to drift without aim PM Modi at Times Now Summit India News Times of India. No such thing as freebies: Do not use the propaganda term that modia has injected. There is no such thing as a freebie we pay for it in taxes its called a social welfare scheme. Please if you are writing something make sure you dont use the word freebies. Lets not buy into the propaganda. Language is a weapon defend yourselves.. An open letter to Justice A.P. Shah on the online video selfregulatory code: TL DR Last week the the Internet and Mobile Association of India IAMAI announced the launch of its Code for Self Regulation of Online Curated Content Providers. This code industry wide code is signed by just 4 online video streaming providers and is intended to apply to the entire sector. It will require selfcensorship practices which are there in the Television sector to be implemented for online video streaming services such as Arre Amazon Prime MX Player and Netflix. The code also creates a private body called the Digital Content Complaint Council DCCC to judge complaints and impose penalties. As per [press reports]https//www.livemint.com/industry/media/hotstarvoototherssignuptoformcomplaintscouncilforottplatforms11580907470733.html it will be headed by Justice A.P. Shah who is a steadfast defenders of civil liberties and democratic values. With a view to place the several concerns of institutionalised selfcensorship and chilling effects we wrote him an open letter yesterday. In detail In the past [we have repeatedly warned]https//internetfreedom.in/onlinevideostreamingandtvarenotthesamesowhyistheiamaitryingtomakeitso/ of the dangers of a dangerous selfcensorship system for online video services that is being championed by the Internet and Mobile Association of India IAMAI. This system is called the Code for Self Regulation of Online Curated Content Providers and we have [in detail explained how this will cause tremendous damage]https//internetfreedom.in/onlinevideostreamingandtvarenotthesamesowhyistheiamaitryingtomakeitso/ to artistic creativity user choice and innovation in the video streaming sector. This essentially institutionalises a dangerous TV style selfcensorship system that will have a chilling effect on the diversity of content and programming. This Self Regulatory code also creates a judicial body with what is called as a Tier 2 for adjudicating any complaints on the content of the shows which are aired on online video streaming services. This body is called the Digital Content Complaint Council DCCC and when the intial complaints to the signatories of this code which are online streaming companies are not settled it hears them as a judicial case. It also will determine complaints sent by government departments and also can take suomotu action. Such powers are generally modelled from the Broadcast Content Complaint Council BCCC that is a body for television broadcasters in India. The results of such practices in the TV sector are for everyone to see or due to censorship not see. As per [media reports]https//internetfreedom.in/onlinevideostreamingandtvarenotthesamesowhyistheiamaitryingtomakeitso/ the first Chairperson of the DCCC is the distinguished jurist and the retired Chief Justice of the Delhi High Court Honble Justice Retd. Mr. A.P. Shah. We hold Justice Shah in the highest regard for his intellect and courage in being a consistent voice for democratic rights [especially media freedoms]https//www.livemint.com/Leisure/x3Es2gcvZvuZbYqwiWMQuN/JusticeAPShahJudgeofthebrave.html. Due to the lack of response by the IAMAI we yesterday sent an open letter to Justice Shah highliting our concerns and prior correspondence. This is in our continuing effort that selfcensorship practices that have made TV broadcast an arid medium do not migrate to the internet. Our letter to Justice Shah is a good faith effort. While we have the highest faith in his ability to adjudicate and hold this position while protecting free expression. However the larger industry wide model that is being institutionalised and is likely to be cemented that will last beyond his term is injurious.. In a worldfirst Indias dozen major ports now run fully on renewable energy. The dangers of Indias rising tariff walls. Govt launches school health programme under Ayushman Bharat. Shiksha My Experiments as an Education Minister by Manish Sisodia: Hi all Manish Sisodia has published a book called Shiksha My Experiments as an Education Minister. I found it very informative about the problems in the public sector education system. As everyone is celebrating the victory of the model of education over hatred I thought of sharing here. The book is available on Amazon Hindi Version [https//www.amazon.in/ShikshaMyExperimentsEducationMinister/dp/014344865X/]https//www.amazon.in/ShikshaMyExperimentsEducationMinister/dp/014344865X/ English Version [https//www.amazon.in/ShikshaMyExperimentsEducationMinister/dp/0143448528/]https//www.amazon.in/ShikshaMyExperimentsEducationMinister/dp/0143448528/ Disclaimer Not affiliated link.. India clocks record foodgrain production in 201819. Smartphone makers start to feel the pinch of China lockdown Indian factories may stop production from next week. Consumer durables sales growth in 2019 best since demonetisation. Bill to promote 2 child policy. Pay taxes for Indias development says PM Modi at Times Now Summit India News Times of India. Rahul Gandhi says Coronavirus is a great threat to Indian economy. Government should take action. India is a developed economy and ineligible for GSP benefits US. FASTags to be available for free till February end. Retail inflation rose to 7.59 in January the highest since May 2014. Industrial output disappoints again IIP contracts even as govt points to green shoots of revival. Assam education minister says governmentrun madrassas Sanskrit ashrams to be converted to schools Himanta Biswa Sarma said the state is a secular institution and cannot fund religious teaching.. 7 ways how Modi govt made life easier for small companies Lower penalties fee concessions and more. Economy Factory Shutdowns Show Why Nirmala Sitharamans Tax Breaks Wont Work. Electric Vehicles may get 2600 charging stations in a year. DH Exclusive Yes Bank suffers heavy withdrawal of deposits alleges former director. India set to be worlds fastest growing economy. LPG prices hiked by up to Rs 149 per cylinder check new rates. One Stalking Case Every 55 Minutes Cases Still Underreported. Workplace Surveillance Your employer could be watching you: [removed]. Cabinet may approve merger of 3 stateowned general insurers. India out of US developing nations list for trade benefits. Indias electricity demand rises 3.5 in January after five months of decline. Budget proposals on DDT personal tax not to impact MF industry Franklin Templeton. US approves sale of Integrated Air Defence Weapon System to India World News . Delhi Election Result 2020 LIVE Updates. Govt to invest over Rs one lakh crore for infrastructure development in next five years FM. Top 20 Smart Cities to help bottom 20 as Sister Cities Urban Affairs Ministry The Ministry of Housing Urban Affairs has issued an advisory for the same to select 20 best and 20 worst cities.. Budget 2020 was Wrong Unclear And Lacks Direction Deepak Nayyar Former CEA. Uniform Civil Code bill to be tabled today. KSR Bengaluru railway station to go high tech by Marchend Bengaluru News Times of India. Coronavirus Outbreak LIVE Bangladesh Trash Plans to Send Flight for 171 Nationals as Crew Rejects to Fly 811 Victims Dead in China. Jamia Coordination Committee on Twitter Cops hit us in our private parts Over 10 Jamia students admitted after scuffle with police. Mdzeeshanayyub BBCHindi TheQuint ndtv tehseenp AJEnglish anubhavsinha CNN jamiamillia https//t.co/WpA8uazTYs / Twitter. Online video streaming and TV are not the same. So why is the IAMAI trying to make it so: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/8eg115wm63g41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps4d3f525378619929710e095120e911c67ca2ab5c TL DR On 5th February 2020 the Internet and Mobile Association of India IAMAI announced the launch of its Code for Self Regulation of Online Curated Content Providers. Among other things it provides the basis for the creation of the Digital Content Complaint Council along the lines of a similar system in place for TV to oversee content creation and distribution in the online video streaming space. Although there are only four signatories as opposed to nine in the case of a previous iteration there are rumbling that the group is seeking government endorsement of this initiative. We have written to the IAMAI and copied the letter to both the Union Ministries of Information amp Broadcasting and Electronics and Information Technology highlighting how this will lead to selfcensorship to the detriment of internet users creators producers and competition within the market. Based on these grounds we have asked the industry body to roll back the code and asked government authorities to refrain from endorsing the framework. Background This post is to update everyone that there is a risk brewing in Indias online video streaming space. And said risk could see us sleep walk into a scenario where online content in India mimics its formulaic television counterpart. On 5th February 2020 at its annual India Digital Summit the Internet and Mobile Association of India IAMAI launched its Code for SelfRegulation of Online Curated Content Providers. It follows up an earlier Code of Best Practices for Online Curated Content Providers the industry body had put out in January 2019. Unlike the previous code which had nine signatories the latest iteration has just four signatories namely Hotstar Voot Jio and SonyLiv. Prior signatories including Netflix Zee5 AltBalaji Arre and ErosNow were conspicuously absent at the new codes launch. Other major players like Amazon Prime and Google YouTube Premium have stayed away from the process since its inception. Considering India has more than 35 online video streaming providers the Code is not really representative of the entire industrys position. So then why are we concerned if it is only being carried out by such a small number of players Our Take This is a precursor to selfcensorship and for online streaming to go down the path of TV Simply put it is the first step towards broad basing selfcensorship as industry practice in Indias online video streaming space. If that is indeed the outcome it would adversely impact internet users in India creators artists production companies and so on. It is also likely to harm competition innovation investment and would facilitate industry capture by a few firms over the ecosystem. The framework essentially builds on the original code of best practices through some key changes. First and most importantly it seeks to establish an independent enforcement authority called the Digital Content Complaint Council DCCC to oversee a signatorys content related practices. This DCCC mechanism is eerily similar and largely derivative of the [Broadcast Content Complaints Council BCCC]https//www.ibfindia.com/sites/default/files/GuidelinesTerm20of20broadcas20changes.pdf under the Indian Broadcasting Foundation which essentially governs content on nonnews and television channels in India. We all know what that has meant to Indian television and how that has led to a largely homogenous content ecosystem inundated by typical saasbahu programming devoid of much creativity or pathos. Moreover how often do we watch our favourite international content on TV and get bummed out that a large chunk of the programming has been edited out In this context the online video streaming space was a breadth of fresh air for Indian audiences who were fans of global and local storytelling. Further it provided opportunities to local storytellers who had until then been rejected by traditional television theatrical and radio media. The legal basis and policy need for this effort is questionable at best In this context it is disconcerting that even though there is no legal mechanism which empowers the DCCC its ties with the Government are undeniable. The proposed DCCC is meant to be chaired by a retired High Court or Supreme Court judge. Also the DCCC is designed to include three members from national level statutory commissions like the National Commission for Women NCW the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights NCPCR or the National Human Rights Commission NHRC. Its composition would also facilitate incumbent business capture as the DCCC is meant to include three industry representatives and two online curated content providers likely to be signatories to the Code. Considering the opaque manner with no public/stakeholder inputs in which the Code has been developed and the public facing impact such a privately designed framework can have the legal validity of this effort remains dubious at best. Second such codified structures essentially provide the Government a parallel avenue with little to no legal accountability to apply pressure on businesses to censor peoples views and beliefs. It erodes channels for dissent and satire and is arguably incompatible with the fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression under the Constitution of India. Third like the previous code on best practices the new code for selfregulation talks about prohibited content. What is particularly dangerous is that the newest draft has been modified in a manner which makes the grounds for censorship vaguer. This would afford the DCCC with more discretion to remove certain speech/content which would otherwise be legal under the Constitution of India and also applicable laws like the Information Technology Act 2000 and the Indian Penal Code 1860. This is compounded by the fact that the DCCC does not envision membership of stakeholders from research academia or free speech backgrounds to act as a safeguard for peoples right to receive and impart information. Therefore it may be concluded that this Code is merely a liability reduction initiative which is being pushed through at the cost of plurality diversity and creativity all cornerstones of the right to free speech and expression. Our letter to IAMAI In a [letter dated 17th January 2019]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFY3ZWWXpRdnRuVEpwWmMzYW1kR21yejA3d2g0/view we had previously written to the IAMAI voicing our objection to the initial Code for Best Practices. We argued it was a slippery slope which would act as a precursor towards selfcensorship in the Indian online content space. Our beliefs are reinforced by the latest Code for SelfRegulation and we have [sent a representation to the IAMAI]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1b3eJQghsUwOJEYU1ri0ah2roO0BVSju0/viewuspsharing requesting them to roll back the effort. In addition we have shared a copy with both the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MeitY and the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting MIB to brief them with the issues of endorsing the framework. Important Documents 1. The latest [Code for SelfRegulation of Online Curated Content Providers]https//www.medianama.com/wpcontent/uploads/IAMAIDigitalContentComplaintCouncilNEW.pdf released by IAMAI on 5th February 2020. 2. Our [letter]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1b3eJQghsUwOJEYU1ri0ah2roO0BVSju0/viewuspsharing sent to IAMAI also copied to the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting MIB and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MeitY. 3. The [Code of Best Practices for Online Curated Content Providers]https//www.viacom18.com/pdfs/SelfRegulationofOnlineCuratedContentProviders.pdf released by IAMAI and signed by 9 players in January 2019. 4. Our [letter dated 17th January 2019]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFY3ZWWXpRdnRuVEpwWmMzYW1kR21yejA3d2g0/view to the IAMAI outlining our concerns relating to the initial IAMAI Code of Best Practices. Want India to produce its own South Park or BoJack Horseman Want to have alternatives to your typical saas bahu soaps Help us fight industry and government efforts to censor the internet by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Exclusive Bankers reveal why RBI is quietly rolling back the 2000 notes. No recession in the country people wearing jackets and pants BJP MP Virendra Singh Mast: [removed]. The mathematics behind the AAPs subsidies for electricity and water. Top 15 most populated cities in the world From 1950 to 2030. India slips two places on global corruption perception index. In MP 4.5 lakh Swachh toilets disappear in Rs 540cr scam. Union Budget 202021. Mumbai might be Indias financial capital for now but Delhi NCR is soon to knock it out of the No. 1 spots. Which organization can I go as a foreign national who was born in India to get the Govt. to allow Dual citizenship instead of an OCI card.: My family has been farmers for generations and me not able to invest in my own Birthland seems rather archaic.. Look at benefits its done to Israel Pakistan Bangladesh etc. We will only come back with money and ideas. It is high time India thinks of its Diaspora as more than just remittances and occasional visitors give us the right to feel at home in our birthland. The whole world is progressing so fast in agriculture and we are stuck in the 70s. We can increase employment reduce imports of agro products increase exports better feed our masses.. Looks like we need another green revolution.. Bengaluru No Aadhaar You may not get to rest in peace Bengaluru News Times of India. The Companies Winding Up Rules 2020: The Ministry of Corporate Affairs [MCA]http//www.mca.gov.in/Ministry/pdf/Rules28012020.pdf through a notification dated January 24 2020 notifies the Companies Winding Up Rules 2020 will be effective from April 1 2020 which consists of Rule 1 to 191 and Forms WIN 1 to WIN 95 which pertains to the winding up of a Company under the Companies Act 2013. The word winding up is a process in which the dissolution of a company is brought about in which its assets are applied in the payment of its debts. After the payment of the debts if in case any amount remains then that is paid to the members in proportion to the share or share capital held by them. A large part of the procedure applicable to regular companies continues to be applicable to the companies that can opt for the summary procedure. It is therefore unclear if the process will be fast tracked merely by shifting the jurisdiction to the central government However these rules seek to interalia reduce the burden of the NCLT by enabling summary procedures for liquidation to be filed with the central government. Read more about the same[https//www.avantis.co.in/updates/article/7951/thecompanieswindinguprules2020/]https//www.avantis.co.in/updates/article/7951/thecompanieswindinguprules2020/. India Is Becoming Its Own Silicon Valley. Govt mulls banning nonaudit services by statutory auditors breaking oligopoly of Big Four. The Age of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. Coronavirus macro data and other key things that will drive markets this week. Explained Why emergency response units are needed to ensure safety of sanitation workers. And heres India that allows to rape legally just because the woman is married to the guy. Goli Maro Economy Ko Im Going Abroad. Facebook Google are like East India Company. Facebook Google are like East India Company: While people around the world are rallying against national governments the real problem is the reach of large corporations that are accountable to only their own shareholders and that too only nominally.. Denial Of Command Appointments To Women In Army A Retrogade Step Affecting Their Dignity amp Bravery Lady Officers In SC [Read Written Submissions]. Indias police seem to put pleasing politicians above serving the public. As a member of the police in India I am proud to report that the infamous piss dog has finally been slain. India is now a much safer place . Government Finally Introduces Bill To Crack Down On Misleading Fairness Cream ads. Did you know when all eyes were on the Budget what nsitharaman did to the IndianRailways budget She allotted the princely sum of Rs 1000 each to 274 projects in 202021 Just about enough to buy 10 packs of my cigarettes. From Position 2nd to 17th on the list of richest men in IndiaAzim Premji: [https//www.networthopedia.com/azimpremjinetworth/]https//www.networthopedia.com/azimpremjinetworth/ [img]zwseiwuzlqf41. Union textile secretary Ravi Capoor to take inputs for new textile policy. Comments invited on Consultation Paper on Company/Corporate Law: Department Ministry of Corporate Affairs Deadline 28th February Contact id audit.policymca.gov.in Document Consultation paper to examine the existing provisions of Law and make Suitable Amendments therein to Enhance Audit Independence and Accountability. Oman new visa policy. Economic Survey 2020 in Hindi. US is Indias preferred trade partner in journey to be USD 5 trillion economy envoy. Modi govts PMEGP scheme Loan up to Rs 25 lakh with 25 subsidy from KVIC Check eligibility details. When even a rich city like Mumbai is starved of funds. Receiving full support from Andhra govt KIA Motors denies reports of shifting plant. Petition to split the state of Uttar Pradesh: [Sign the petition]http//chng.it/bMWRXMGX Uttar pradesh is the largest Indian state by population and the the largest sub national state in the world having a population of over 200 million which is larger than all but four countries in terms of population. This has lead to misgovernance and a lack of subnational identity. The state has atrocious HDI Income life expectancy and crime statistics. If one were to look at the Planning Commissions comparative data from the 12th FiveYear Plan UP lies at the bottom of the stack among the 15 major states in the country. Irrespective of what parameter one chooses from growth rate to investments made in the economy to any of the social welfare indicesUP resides at the bottom. Additionally the state has noticeable inequalities within its boundaries most noticeably between eastern UP and western UP with most regions in eastern UP being classified as backward areas. Given the size of the stateboth in terms of geography as well as populationsuch a move will allow for better political representation and bring the administration closer to people. With roughly 200 million people in the state a single government a single chief minister simply cant be expected to do justice to the competing demands. And without political will and involvement it is nave to expect any improvements in UP. The idea behind partitioning UP is to make governance more granular responsive and down to earth. The notion of one man controlling the fate of 200 million whom he cannot possibly know only creates the mai baap culture where people from distant places go begging before leaders who dont really empathize with them. Large sections of this article are taken from a livemint article by the name Why Uttar Pradesh should be split by udit Mishra [https//www.livemint.com/Opinion/pvoBRRu9Dsd9fwwtJYQMwO/WhyUttarPradeshshouldbesplit.html]https//www.livemint.com/Opinion/pvoBRRu9Dsd9fwwtJYQMwO/WhyUttarPradeshshouldbesplit.html. I woke up feeling proud today.. Expect 80 of individual taxpayers to move to new slab regime says Govt. Progress. In A Regressive Move Centre Reduces Women In The Armed Forces To Their Domestic Obligations. India has crossed a billion monthly digital payments. Now to a billion transactions a day. Public Transport Should be Free Everywhere in India: When cities make transit free ridership in public transport goes up. Not longterm. Immediately. Not up by 23. It jumps up between 2060. It is not that number of commuters have increased the number of commuters remains the same just the car and other modes public takes the more Ecofriendly public transport. An obvious conclusion public transit is a public good and treating it as a service means starving access from people who need it while doing environment and city traffic a good. Here is a analysis by New York times. [https//www.nytimes.com/2020/01/14/us/freepublictransit.html]https//www.nytimes.com/2020/01/14/us/freepublictransit.html. Antidumping duty imposed on 90 Chinese items. Budget 2020 was Wrong Unclear And Lacks Direction Deepak Nayyar Former CEA. My colleague nazirmasoodi reports that PSA dossier against former NC minister Ali Mohd Sagar says he is a threat to public safety because he was able to convince your electorate to come out and vote in huge numbers even during peak militancy and poll boycotts. Supply Chain in India On the Brink of a Revolution. Ads On Magic Remedies For Sexual Disorders Infertility To Invite Jail Term. Bad News 100 Custom duty will be applied from now on. Ive been charge 100 custom duty. How: Ive been charged 53 custom duty and the parcel value is 53 It consists of a Shoe Not Leather a tshirt amp a earring.. IFF in collaboration with CivicDataLabs and Tech4Dev to stop the menace of Sec 66 A: Internet Freedom Foundation and CivicDataLab have come together to work on an experiment that will highlight the continued use of unconstitutional Sec 66 A of the Information Technology Act that has been struck down by the Supreme Court in 2015. The Karnataka HC just last week directed two police officers to pay a cost of Rs 10000 each for registering an FIR under Sec 66 A. We aim to bring greater attention to the signal failure between court judgments and enforcement through policing and the lower judiciary. Read more about how IFF in collaboration with CivicDataLabs and Tech4Dev is adopting a data driven approach to stop the menace of Sec 66 A [https//medium.com/civicdatalab/adatadrivenapproachtocurbthezombiethatis66a1578d955ad4b]https//medium.com/civicdatalab/adatadrivenapproachtocurbthezombiethatis66a1578d955ad4b. Worth a listen: [removed]. https//thediplomat.com/2020/02/indiasnewdefensebudgetanotheryearanotherdisappointment/. How Indias data bill falls short of offering solutions for regulating digital competition. Budget 2020 decoded for a common man. Im being charged 76 custom duty. Is custom duty that much: Delivery service named Skynet Express wants 76 custom duty for a footwear and a tshirt which has a value of 54 coming from the UK to India. Is the Custom Duty that much i.e. 54 76 is 41 custom duty i mean its a hefty amount of tax.. Im being charged 76 Custom Duty. Is it that much: [removed]. Budget 202021 Disaster in both Substance and Optics. Outside firms enter mining race in JampK lease earnings touch crores from lakhs. Campus Faceoff Students grill Amit Malviya Supriya Shrinate and Jasmine Shah. RBI Policy Decision News RBI Keeps Lending Rate Unchanged At 5.15 Pegs Growth At 6 In 202021. Proper skills ecosystems are key for Make in India in electronics. Modi ji ne kiya hoga toh aacha hi kiya hoga. Suggestions/Comments Invited on Draft Drugs and Magic Remedies Objectionable Advertisements Amendment Bill 2020 Submit by 19th March 2020: Department Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Deadline 19th March 2020 45 days from 3rd February Contact id email to drugsdivmohfwgov.in or by post to Under Secretary Drugs Regulation Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Room No. 414A D Wing Nirman Bhawan New Delhi 110011. Document [Draft Drugs and Magic Remedies Objectionable Advertisements Amendment Bill 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/02/draftofthedrugsandmagicremedies.pdf. The 15 Central Finance Commission emphasises Water Sanitation Waste management and Air Quality for Local Governments. Kia in talks with Tamil Nadu on possibly shifting 1.1bn plant from Andhra Report. Road to reform Why Modi govt could use schemes like PMGSY for farm sector reforms. Indian equities may extend gains investors eye RBI policy. Govt lines up several new schemes in FY21 budget but dozens from FY20 yet not taken off. Why the lock stock and barrel sale of Air India is the best economy headline in year. Campus Faceoff Students grill Amit Malviya Supriya Shrinate and Jasmine Shah: Magnificent questioning by the SRCC young folks. Excellent and sharp questions. I guess they are aware that politicians are screwing the country and have decided to stand up for their future.. Analysis of Union Budget 2020 PART 2 budget 2020 news business news. Ban purchase of more than 1 house Madras HC. Comments invited on Draft Tamil Nadu State Action Plan on Climate Change: Government of Tamil Nadu Department of Environment is inviting comments on Draft Tamil Nadu State Action Plan on Climate Change. Contact id tndoetn.nic.in Deadline Not available [Tamil Nadu Climate Action Plan Draft]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/02/tamilnaduclimateactionplandraftcompressed.pdf. The countries where you work more during the year From 1950 to 2017. CAG Report says Secondary and Higher Education Cess to the tune of 1 Lakh Crores remain unutilized.. Rajinikanth CAA not against Muslims says Rajinikanth. Are bad days in Indian economy over. Awesome speech by Congress MP Gaurav Gogoi in Parliament. The richest people in Asia from 1996 to 2019. PMC Bank case Reserve Bank of India has moved the Supreme Court today challenging Bombay High Court order which had earlier allowed the sale of the mortgaged property in the case. Health sees minuscule increase govt to privatise district hospitals. Love Jihad not defined in laws no case reported Government. Sometimes i think about this hypocrisy.. Madhya Pradesh VS Chhattisgarh State Comparison All you need to know.... Budget 2020 reads like a fiveyear plan with lots of targets but no road map. Shut Up Ya Kunal Episode 16 AAPs Manish Sisodia amp Sanjay Singh [Sisodia is a gem]. LIC Disinvestment. RBI amends the master direction on Know Your Customer: [removed]. You gotta listen this.. Prashant Kishor at India Conference 2019 Harvard University. Abrupt Slowdown In Indian Economy Due To Demonetization GST IMF Chief. But whut abut eqonomie. New report shows how Hindutva groups operate in US send money to India. Budget 2020 Additional 5 percent tax on foreign remittance. What is our govt. upto. Indias once fastgrowing economy is in distressing shape. Does the government have a plan. Modis Budget lures foreign capital but has precious little for Indians. Labour ministry invites suggestions to to enhance accountability transparency citizen centricity amp service delivery Submit by 25th February 2020: Department Implementation Monitoring Cell of Ministry of Labour and Employment Deadline 25th February 2020 Contact id [santushtmolegov.in]mailtosantushtmolegov.in ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/mlay4shwyne41.jpgwidth1500ampformatpjpgampautowebpampsdd76f05be9e90497ffd59854b64fb9aac495ad9a. Only Income In India Will Be Taxed Ministers clarification on NRIs. Rs 4 lakh cr wealth wiped out as Sensex dives 988 pts in one of worst reactions to Budget Nifty cracks below 11650. The dire need of this economy is to focus on domestic growth and increase the demand within the country. Gone are the days where exports will fuel your growth.. Budget 2020 shocker Now pay 10 per cent TDS on your mutual fund income. Did India ever ask for reparations from Britan: Do you think it should I fing think so. Today I read that they robbed 45 bilions of from you while your country was their colony and I was pissed off. Is someone working to make it happen Wtf Sorry Im just really angry and surprised.. ToI UnionBudget2020 What happens to your taxes Pick the case study nearest to your annual salary to determine the Budget impact.. Full text of President Ram Nath Kovinds speech in Parliament. whyiamdisappointedwithbudget2020butalsothinkitsarealisticonegurcharandas. Delhi An incident of firing has been reported near Gate number 5 of Jamia Millia Islamia University. More details awaited.. Firing At Gate Of Jamia University In Delhi Amid AntiCAA Protest Report. Big PP move. PM Modis SPG protection now has a budget of around Rs 600 crore. These two posts came up in perfect order. Analysis of Budget 2020. Smokescreen of numbers.. Modis swagger is reserved for social policy but its the economy that really needs it. NRIs earning in UAE Bahrain wont have to pay tax in India Revenue Secretary Pandey. ABP News discussing the Budget 2020 with an Economics Expert. NRI Tax in Budget 2020 NRI definition changed to stop tax avoidance India Business News Times of India. Southern states biggest losers in new taxsharing formula. Post Budget Reactions Union Budget 202021 Tech Mahindra amp Barco. SPG Protection For PM Modi Now Has A Budget Of Nearly Rs 600 Crore. Rules Tweaked In Budget NRIs Not Paying Tax Abroad To Be Taxed In India. India Reports Second Case Evacuates Over 300 Stuck In Epicentre. Why is Indias growth slowing THE SCIENTIFIC GUY. Yogakshemam swahamyaham Your welfare is your responsibility.. Budget 2020 covered by Mirror now. No reliefs to the state this further curbing spend that would benefit consumers no demand boost and a income tax cut to middle class that hardly makes the cut . Budget be like. Watch Economy is in very bad shape... none of the provisions announced today will turn around the economy Industrialist Adi Godrej to WION. East meets West Mihir Bose BBC Broadcaster and Writer fantastic talk from India Summit 2015. Ayushman Bharat Prevented Treatment amp Left Family Penniless Says Beneficiary The Quint. Who thinks this is fair I think it would make more sense if it was on a pro rata basis based on the number of days stayed in India.. Investors lose Rs 3.55 lakh cr as Budget disappoints. Uff Uff. Uff Uff. PreBudget or PostBudget 2020 Indias Economy Needs T.R.U.S.T. Budget 2020 Big bang or damp squib The Print. Studying abroad: I hope this is the correct subreddit for my question. I am currently studying Economics Hons from Deshbandhu College DU. SECOND YEAR I am really enjoying what I am studying Econometrics specially. I want to pursue my career in this field only. And I am also good at German language. I will be joining German courses from 3rs year. I want to go abroad to pursue my masters. Is there any scope for Indians studying abroad I want to do masters in economics/ Finance related field. I am also planning to do CFA Course. There is a thing that if a person knows German he can pursue education in Germany for 0 tuition fee. Is Germany a good destination for Masters degree in economics/ Finance for Indian students I just want to study abroad to experience things and for learning new things. I want to come out of the shell and see the world. I dont have any aim to have a job and settle abroad if it happens no problem What I think is economics is a course which is not taught here with full potential except some top notch colleges in which its very difficult to get admission I want to do research in this course and experience alot of things.. Salaried person earning Rs 7.5 lakhs will end up paying Rs 2600 more under the new Tax Regime: If a salaried person earning Rs 750000 continued to pay tax under Old Scheme after availing Rs 150000 deduction under Sec 80C he would end up paying Rs 23400 However if the same person opted for the new Tax regime despite the lower tax rates he would end up paying Rs 26000 since he would not be able to avail any deductions Chutiya banane ka dhanda hai. Can someone explain the budget and what it means in simple terms that a person who knows nothing more than Rate of Interest: As the title says. Ive never really understood how certain points in the budget affect me. Im so ignorant that I just learned how stocks work I think. It would be a really good change if someone could help me and more like me understand it and what repercussions it has on us.. Income Tax Slab Comparison Current tax slabs vs the new slab regime proposed in Union Budget 2020 explained. Murdered by words. Budget 2020. Budget 2020 Highlights Live updates of Nirmala Sitharaman. Budget 2020 Indias Silent Fiscal Heart Attack Persists. Economic Survey with Wikipedia as source. The education system. Only 1.82 hike in defence budget could hurt military acquisition amp modernisation plans. Rahul Gandhis reaction to the Budget 2020. Bloodbath on DSt Five reasons why Budget sent Sensex tumbling 1000 pts. Mumkin hai. Mumkin hai. Mumkin hai. That feeling when you wipe out all the investors money in a day.. That feeling when you wipe out all the investors money in a day.. That feeling when you wipe out all the investors money in a day.. Budget 2020: How are you looking budget in favour of economy. Repubic reporting like a pro p.s. yes thats correct spelling of Repubic. Budget 2020 New Income Tax Slab New Jhumla of BJP: What they say BudgetWithHT Revised income tax slabs announced by FM nsitharaman 10 per cent for 5 to 7.5 lakh 15 per cent 7.5 lakh to 10 lakh 20 per cent for 10 lakh to 12.5 lakh 25 per cent for 12.5 lakh to 15 lakh 30 per cent for those with income above 15 Lakh https//twitter.com/htTweets/status/1223511666962288640s19 But it has terms and conditions. One has to give up deductibles. So 2019 tax slab had higher tax benefits. 2020 tax slab has lesser tax without benefits. So its almost the same except for few percentage of people who earn very less taxable salary. [Salaryearners pay highest per cent of income in taxes get little in return and see their tax rupee get used for votes]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/toieditpage/indiasmuchabusedtaxpayersyoudontgetmuchbenefitbacksalariedclassesgettheshortendofthestick/ P.S. My dad was super happy after seeing the new tax slabs. We sat and calculated the tax. 2019 Tax 4.6 Lakhs with all deductibles 2020 Tax 4.75 Lakhs Now hes super annoyed And...... Nirmala Tai told current government has no corruption it cares for all its citizens especially the youth Hypocrisy died today .. New Income Tax Slab Another Jhumla by BJP: [removed]. Women in Union Budget making: The govt talks about women and their development but in reality they just have a women thats the FM and literally no one in the team representing the community. How does that work How do you make concession and policies for women if you dont have women in the team. Madam giving out false sense of options.. Gamers continue to face oppression Not even mentioned in the budget 2020: I do wonder if they really care about making a digital india when the GST is 18 percent on pc parts locally and 42 percent if you want to import them.. Sensex Today LIVE Updates Market Gives Thumbs Down to Sitharamans Budget Sensex 680 pts Down Nifty Slips Below 11800 pts Banking Insurance Stocks Tumble. Budget Highlights: [removed]. Alarming Data Taxpayers lose massive Rs 98900 crore in Public Sector Banks PSBs. Budget 2020 LIVE News Sitharaman has a Rs 4400 cr solution to Delhis pollution The Economic Times. Free Market road to Perdition: The new Economic Survey and the budget are basically brutal Free market Reforms for India an already highly unequal society with little to no social safety net. I can only imagine that the theories the ruined American Midwest and UK mining and poor areas will do to Indian society. Although paradoxically I believe itll make people more hateful and intolerant because once you have scraps to live on you are willing to Kill the other just to survive.. Everybody during Budget. N HiranandaniCMDHiranandani Group Ive never seen a liquidity crisis as bad as it is today. No matter how good the budget is if the oil in the mechanism of the economy is not working the economy cant move.If the oil comes backamp we get boost of budget then we will see recovery. GST collection crosses Rs 1.1 lakh cr in January. Interesting article ICE recordings show tactics of fake University of Farmington in Michigan that enrolled mostly Indian students. Was it entrapment of students from India. Economic Survey sources data from Wikipedia other private entities. Economic Survey sources data from Wikipedia other private entities. Goli Maro Economy Ko Im Going Abroad. India bans exports of all kinds of personal protection equipment including clothing and masks used to protect people from airborne particles. Coronavirus. Did some quotes in the economic survey come from Whatsapp Link to fb post in comments. Indias Much Abused Taxpayers. Salary earners pay highest percent of income in taxes get little in return and see their tax rupee get used for votes.. GDP growth rate for 201819 revised downwards to 6.1 Times of India. Indian economy has hit the bottom it will see uptick from here Chief Economic Adviser K V Subramanian. What we are looking at.... Did the Make In India initiative actually achieve anything: Considering all the other jumla I doubt it. Any experts on r/India . Power of Rasam. MEA starts its biggest internal rejig in 50 years. Why does Japan work so hard Working long hours is a way of life in Japan. So much so that some occasionally die from it.. Bad Apples An illustrated guide to the Indian banking sector crisis. Bad Apples An illustrated guide to the Indian banking sector crisis. Indian Economy Crisis in 2020 Analysis by Dhruv Rathee with English subtitles. Does Jio want PSUs to go bankrupt over Adjusted Gross Revenue. BreakingNews First case of coronavirus in India reported in Kerala patient stable and being closely monitored Government.. Bank strike from tomorrow. Services at branches ATMs could be hit for 2 days. World War I countrybycountry count of human losses in true scale. ET Online poll Great job The factor thatll make India give it up for FM on Budget day. Salaryearners pay highest per cent of income in taxes get little in return and see their tax rupee get used for votes. Foundation for Media Professionals approaches JampK Govt seeking compliance with SC judgement: [removed]. Jamia Coordination Committee Press Release. Bae look how I shrank the Budget. Kerala reports first confirmed coronavirus case in India. The internet is painfully slow in Kashmir but users have found a way to access restricted websites. Modi govt making taxpayers pay bank charges for electoral bonds Report. Shifting Mumbai Metro carshed from Aarey not viable says Uddhav Thackerayappointed panel Report. Comments Invited on Draft Dental Commission Bill 2020 Submit by 20th February: Department Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Deadline 20th February Notice dated 28th January Contact id v.jha1972gov.in Document Draft Dental Commission Bill 2020. Livemint Opinion Budget request Stop crushing the already taxed: Taxes at the bottom of the income slab have reduced the person with 5 lakh of gross income used to pay around 22000 as tax in FY11 but today goes taxfree. Those earning 12 lakh are better off by about 36 and pay just under 65000 less in personal income taxes in a year. But start going up the income ladder and the taxes rise hugely. At an annual income of 55 lakh you pay an additional 6 tax at an income of 1.5 crore you pay an additional 14 and at 6 crore annual income you pay a huge 38 more tax. [https//www.livemint.com/budget/opinion/budgetrequeststopcrushingthealreadytaxed11580225706643.html]https//www.livemint.com/budget/opinion/budgetrequeststopcrushingthealreadytaxed11580225706643.html. From TOI Salaryearners pay highest per cent of income in taxes get little in return and see their tax rupee get used for votes:  Honesty isnt the best policy How much tax you pay on income depends less on how much you earn and more on how much you can hide or show income as nontaxable. The salaryearning class is the most disadvantaged because 100 of income tax is taken away even before the salary reaches them. It is also not allowed certain taxfree expenses that nonsalary earners are allowed. ampx200B [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/toieditpage/indiasmuchabusedtaxpayersyoudontgetmuchbenefitbacksalariedclassesgettheshortendofthestick/]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/toieditpage/indiasmuchabusedtaxpayersyoudontgetmuchbenefitbacksalariedclassesgettheshortendofthestick/. Billionaires Buy Electoral Bonds Netas Get Funds Taxpayers Pay Bank Charges. New record as Rs 12000 crore transferred directly in accounts of 6 crore farmers PM Modi. Why is Indias growth slowing CNBC Explains. NRAI India Food Services Report 2019: Does anyone have this report Its a report NRAI published on trends and opportunities in the food services industry. Its a paid report and costs a lot.. INTERNET FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT . Indias IT workforce may become obsolete unless govt supports reskilling program. Sarpanch Who Transformed His DroughtProne Village Wins Padma Shri. And now farmers want govt to intervene as onion prices crash. Explained What ails with the credibility of Indias Budget numbers. NRC is what may possibly deprive citizenship and led to concentration camp atrocities but CAA helps persecuted nonMuslims in Islamic they are not secular countries. Why are all the protests against CAA and not NRC or why are they mistaking one for the other: [removed]. After IndiGo and Air India SpiceJet GoAir ban Kunal Kamra from flying until further notice for heckling Arnab Goswami. Rural economy of UP in shambles.. Any thoughts on Indian Economy And Budget to come ... Indian Navy cutting down on procurement due to Budget cuts. Ahead of Trump visit India and US set to finalise 10billion trade deal in February. Another first for Indian Railways commissions first waste to energy plant. See pics. SSB stops allowances to troops for 2 months due to paucity of funds. Budgetary Pressures Induce Indian Navy Rethink. Indian Rainforest Air Unhealthy in least polluted Tamil Nadu state. 44ug/m3 122 AQI. The sacred vision of our Constitution: [deleted]. Why the lock stock and barrel sale of Air India is the best economy headline in year[the print cut the clutter]. Indias economy appears to be shaking off a slump as activity in services amp manufacturing sectors expanded for a second straight month in December. [Serious question] What do you all think of a twochild policy in India to control overpopulation: Indias population is expected to exceed 1.6billion by 2050. China introduced onechild policy but that turned out badly ageing population sex ratio imbalance. However what do you think about a two child policy in India My idea is 1. All couples cannot have more than two children exceptions being triplets. You can have one or two but not more than two. 2.To combat sex ratio imbalance at least one of your two children must be a girl. Exceptions are twins. What are your opinions In my opinion this could control both population growth as well as curb the gender gap.. Fact Check regarding Amit Shahs video. IndiaNepal relations are historical in terms of religion and culture but you have to get the politics right or else it cant go far weve seen that with IndiaPakistan Sujeev Shakya Chair of The Nepal Economic Forum. Pending fertiliser subsidy hits 45000 crore. Chhattisgarh reports outbreak of highly contagious H5N1 bird flu World Organisation for Animal Health The virus killed 5634 out of 21060 birds on the farm in Baikunthpur and all of the remaining birds were slaughtered the Parisbased OIE said in an website alert. [8th Jan.]. Women deserve both privacy and safety:  https//preview.redd.it/cw3gb2roigd41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampsc371b1f27588ded1133f47e2fad3f0373d87e33b Tldr The WCD Ministry has approved use of the Nirbhaya Fund for large scale installation of CCTV cameras under the Safe City Project. However empirical evidence suggests that CCTV cameras are not effective at preventing violence against women and without any guidelines governing their operation these cameras will be used against women for voyeurism and moral policing. The fundamental right to privacy exists even in public spaces and therefore any use of video surveillance should be within a proper legislative framework with adequate safeguards and it should be preceded by privacy impact assessments and followed by post ante audits to assess effectiveness. Background The Women and Child Development Ministry WCD Ministry has recommended that Rs. 2919.55 crores from the Nirbhaya Fund should be used for the Safe City Project proposedby the Ministry of Home Affairs MHA. Large scale video surveillance through CCTV cameras is a crucial component of the Safe City Project. While the objective of the Nirbhaya Fund and the Safe City Project is ensuring safety of women mass installation of CCTV cameras will not serve this purpose. The Problem is Bigger than Stranger Danger We must remember that the vast majority of sexual violence and domestic violence in India happens within the confines of the home and not in public places. For instance according to NCRB data from 2016 94.6 of rapes in India are committed by perpetrators known to the victim such as family members friends or acquaintances. Therefore installation of CCTV cameras in public places by itself will have a minimal impact on prevention and investigation of violence against women. Are CCTV Cameras Effective Even when violence against women is perpetrated by strangers in public spaces there is little evidence that CCTV cameras will be effective at preventing such crimes. In 2008 a systematic review of 44 studies from 5 countries on the effectiveness of CCTV systems concluded CCTV cameras have a modest effect on personal property crime but they did not reduce violent crime. Other empirical studies also suggest that mass video surveillance may not a suitable method to prevent violence against women and other solutions such as increased street lighting maybe more effective. PanTiltZoom into Womens Private Lives Unless there are strict guidelines and safeguards to prevent misuse of CCTV cameras the video surveillance infrastructure established under the Safety City Project could become a tool for voyeurism extortion stalking and harassment of women. The risk of such misuse is especially higher if footage from CCTV cameras is shared with private individuals and organizations like Resident Welfare Associations. Empirical studies have found that 10 of all targeted surveillance on women and 15 of operatorinitiated surveillance on women is for voyeuristic reasons. In addition to this there are several real life examples of CCTV cameras facilitating voyeurism and targets have included even prominent political leaders such as the WCD Minister Mrs. Smriti Irani and the German Chancellor Ms. Angela Merkel. Another Type of Creep We Should Worry About Since large scale installation of CCTV cameras under the Safe City Project lacks any governing legislative framework it is highly vulnerable to function creep with advancement in facial recognition and gait analysis technologies. Footage from CCTV cameras could also be used as training data for facial recognition and gait analysis systems without the knowledge and consent of ordinary law abiding citizens featured in the footage. Need for Evidence Based Rights Respecting Policy In light of the above mentioned concerns we have urged the WCD Ministry to reconsider its decision to invest massive resources in large scale video surveillance projects and consider supporting alternatives such as street lighting better civic amenities for women counselling facilities gender sensitisation in educational institutions etc. After balancing the likely harms if installation of CCTV cameras is still deemed necessary in specific areas it must be done within a proper statutory framework for data protection which includes guidelines for video surveillance. Further it should be preceded by privacy impact assessments and followed up with post ante audits to review effectiveness. Important Documents 1. Representation dated 24.01.2020 sent to WCD Ministry [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGcERiWUVNMktTeUwzcnhUMnFJMVRxLUR3dEww/viewuspsharing Dont want our society to turn into an episode of Big Boss Help us oppose ineffective and dangerous mass video surveillance by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. CAA India ramps up efforts to counter antiCAA move in European Parliament. Dandapani How to use Concentration. Suggestions Invited on Draft transfer Policy for Ministerial Cadre Clerks and Assistance working in field offices and in schools Submit by 31st January: [removed]. Govt stares at tax shortfall of Rs 2 lakh crore little room for income tax cut: income tax Govt stares at tax shortfall of Rs 2 lakh crore little room for income tax cut The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/finance/govtstaresattaxshortfallofrs2lakhcroreroomforincometaxcutlimited/articleshow/73628793.cms. India cant continue to overlook Trumps diplomatic slights. Time to redefine ties sensibly. Hope the government comes out of the wrong mindset of Fiscal conservatism to give Economy a boost this Budget 2020: As we all know that Indian Economy has been almost in the dumps the government cant wash its hands off any longer. There is no doubt that the microeconomic part of handling by this government has been very impressive especially when we compare to inefficient the past governments have been. Its social welfare schemes have seen better delivery on the ground which has to be appreciated. Also its focus on transparency and making our economy more systematic although painful in short term is well intentioned and was required. So slowdowning in the bad practices of evergreening of loans going after crony capitalists albeit slowly bringing in the much required IBC and the GST are some very good decisions and steps. ampx200B However where this government went critically wrong is the macroeconomic handling of the economy. Its focus on fiscal conservatism at a time when inflation was very low banks were pressures on their balance sheets due to credit going bad some due to bad economy and some simply because of the wrong credit practices of past such as evergreening of loans which smacked of crony capitalism the government instead of expanding its fiscal balance sheet started cutting it down as of GDP maybe because our country still employs economic advisors who believe in the economics of the relic era of commodity based money and not of today where it has become credit based. A car of 1950s no matter how good would be out of place in the 21st century. And the less said of our Central Bank the better not just it didnt reduce interest rate when it has to but what was shocking was its recalcitrant attitude in parting with its reserves. I mean werent they meant as a backstop for the banks in distress and werent so many public banks in distress There was nothing wrong in the government who was pushing the tax payers money to revive these banks asking for these reserves from the RBI. Hopefully now with RBI issue resolved the government would also come out of its fiscal conservatism in this budget of 2020 amp revive this economy with a great potential. Below is a detailed presentation on the Indian Economy. To fully appreciate it you may have to go through the understanding of Modern Monetary Theory amp especially the real role of Taxes amp no its not a tool to collect revenue for the governmen and Fiscal deficit. The links for those you can find in the description of this video amp on the endscreen. [https//www.youtube.com/watchvYvbLB3YIoI]https//www.youtube.com/watchvYvbLB3YIoI. How has India changed in the last 6 years Do Read: [removed]. Mumbai Study tours for BMC corporators are back. FPJ has learnt that BMCs Works Committee chairman Datta Pongade of the Shiv Sena recently proposed a study tour to Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Mumbai Study tours for BMC corporators are back. FPJ has learnt that BMCs Works Committee chairman Datta Pongade of the Shiv Sena recently proposed a study tour to Andaman and Nicobar Islands. India is now a larger smartphone market than the US. Current affairs in short for every one.. Budget 2020 Hope for the best prepare for the worst. India likely to raise import duties on more than 50 items next week. Mumbai Mixed response to 24x7 test drive at malls but food courts attract many. Why is Indias growth slowing. 10 Wonderful Things To Do In India. Budget 2020 India likely to fund some 28 billion of 2020/21 expenditure via offbudget borrowings Sources. Aur Batao 25 Tech vs Manufacturing Why is Modi angry with Bezos. [Aur Batao 25] Is Indias Future in Manufacturing or Tech Why Modi snubbed Amazon. What bank employees unions want from Nirmala Sitharaman before Budget. Operations may be impacted due to bank unions twoday strike SBI. 2G Mobile Internet Broadband Services to be Restored in Kashmir From Today Whitelist Expanded. Educate and advocate for better privacy protection before the Data Protection JPC:  Tldr Yesterday [we explained the process of participation]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/itsthefinalcountdownkindaonthedataprotectionbillsaveourprivacyentry12648url and sending views to the Joint Parliamentary Committee on the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill 2019. As we committed today we are making available a public analysis that helps you discover the top 10 issues with this legislative proposal. Today we have provided three parts in this brief which cover the legislative history a summary of top 10 issues and then a detailed clause wise analysis. We hope this helps you form your own views and then participate in the consultation to help bring the power of civic participation to data protection How to participate in the Joint Parliamentary Committee As we informed you yesterday the Data Protection Bill 2019 is finally stepping towards a finalized version. It may soon pass through parliament and become law. This revolutionary legislation promises to bring a level of control back to our digital lives. But this will be only possible if you participate. To do this you need to send in comments ideally three weeks from 22.01.2020 by February 12 2010 by sending an email to to [jpcdatalawsansad.nic.in]mailtojpcdatalawsansad.nic.in and [mrs.mlekhisansad.nic.in]https//saveourprivacy.in/admin/entries/blog/mrs.mlekhisansad.nic.in. You can read more about the process [in a post we made here]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/itsthefinalcountdownkindaonthedataprotectionbillsaveourprivacyentry12648url. Read the SaveOurPrivacy public analysis SaveOurPrivacy has worked since May 2018 as a framework for civil society groups to put forward demands on data protection and surveillance reform. Powered by IFF and comprising of many organizations and volunteers it has prepared a public analysis of the Data Protection Bill 2019. ampx200B [img]e2it8ci4dvc41 This brief runs you through the legislative history of the bill and the past parliamentary efforts to bring a model privacy law in India. These are six key facts that we think you should know. [img]9ti13108dvc41 It further includes a summary that highlights the top 10 issues with the present version of the Data Protection Bill 2019. This is further followed by a clause wise detailed analysis and recommendations. We urge you to go through the link at the bottom download and circulate it widely. We have made every effort to break down legal jargon and make it as simple and accessible as possible. [img]qkpnu5yadvc41 In the coming weeks the SaveOurPrivacy volunteers will create further materials to aid public understanding and participation before this Joint Parliamentary Committee. Here is to more data power to the people Important links 1. Public Brief and Analysis of the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 [link]https//saveourprivacy.in/admin/entries/blog/In20the20coming20weeks20the20SaveOurPrivacy20volunteers20will20create20further20materials20to20aid20public20understanding20and20participation20before20this20Joint20Parliamentary20Committee.20Here20is20to20more20data20power20to20the20people 2. Process for participation with the Joint Committee dated 24.12.2020 [link]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/itsthefinalcountdownkindaonthedataprotectionbillsaveourprivacyentry12648url 3. Representation to the Joint Parliamentary Committee dated 19.12.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1MKVcAN4i0g6NoTBYzySKvgp0mCCSMTX/viewuspsharing 4. Explainer on the Data Protection Bill dated 17.12.2019 [link]https//internetfreedom.in/herecomesthebillalldressedinnil/. Its time to lower expectations from the economy and not try to do too much in the Budget. Women Part of Wealth Creation: ampx200B Processing img b60lola56vc41.... Get ready to pay 20 of your salary as TDS if you dont provide PAN Aadhaar details. Insulin costs 8000 rupees on average in India where per capita income is 9500 rupees making it one of the worst countries to have diabetes in.. India should stop selling the honour of being the Republic Day Chief Guest in the name of foreign policy to bigots like Jair Bolsonaros: When a country as big as Brazil elects a bigot nations like ours have only one choice respect the bigot and do trade as normal with Brazil. But giving the bigot the respect his elected office deserves is a totally different thing from presenting the bigot as the chief guest for Republic Day. Including examples from the past if there are any I think we should stop selling the position of Chief Guest in the name of foreign policy. [Jairs bigoted comments]https//www.theguardian.com/world/video/2018/oct/29/jairbolsonarosviewsonhomosexualitytortureandmorevideo. TRT World on Twitter Shouting matches biased reporting and highprofile sackings. Heres why journalism is in trouble in India . JNU Legal Update 24.01.20. Another report highlighting how the judiciary is not independent of the executive branch of the government.. But we are so peaceful compared to the other peacefuls. India China have taken tremendous advantage of their developing country status Trump. Its the final countdown kinda on the Data Protection Bill SaveOurPrivacy:  https//preview.redd.it/2t7jyzrlspc41.pngwidth765ampformatpngampautowebpampsc197893911e0696898f23a1ee48205cf10f2dcff Tldr The important issue of our data and how it will be protected is right now pending in Parliament. In December it was refereed to a joint parliamentary committee that is now inviting views and comments from the public. To help you do this we have prepared a summary of the Data Protection Bill 2019 with our top 10 concerns. We urge you to share this post with your friends family and participate in this democratic exercise The joint parliamentary committee The Data Protection Bill has been a long time coming. We finally seem to moving towards the final stages of this much awaited legislation with the government draft being considered by the Joint Parliamentary Committee. When this committee was formed on December 11 2019 [we wrote to all of its members]https//internetfreedom.in/transparentandaccessiblejointcommittee/ asking for more public participation and we are glad it has been opened up to public comments. However many of our requests including preparing local language translations of the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 and public depositions do not seem to have found favour. We promise to keep agitating these demands. Please find below a [link to a tweet]https//twitter.com/LokSabhaSectt/status/1220636832561369089 from the Lok Sabha Secretariat spelling out the process. We further break it down for you here. ampx200B Last date of submission Comments have to be sent from three weeks of the publication of the notice. While the notice was published on 24.01.2020 the date within the image notes 22.01.2020. Further this notice has till 500 PM on 24.01.2020 not been made available on the Lok Sabha website. We still urge participants to prepare and send their views within the inner timelines to provide adequate time to all members to study and deliberate their submissions. Contact Submissions can be made only in English and Hindi and must be addressed to the Director Lok Sabha Secretariat Room No. 014 Ground Floor Parliament House Annexe New Delhi 110001 or by email to [jpcdatalawsansad.nic.in]mailtojpcdatalawsansad.nic.in and [mrs.mlekhisansad.nic.in]mrs.mlekhisansad.nic.in. What does SaveOurPrivacy plan to do ahead SaveOurPrivacy has worked since May 2018 as a framework for civil society groups to put forward demands on data protection and surveillance reform. It presents a model law called the Indian Privacy Code. The campaign has close to 11000 individual and 27 organizational supporters who have pledged support.The Indian Privacy Code has been filed twice as private members bills in Parliament. We promise through these three weeks to help you out with explainers and public materials which help you formulate views opinions and engage meaningfully with this process. This will start tomorrow So watch this space for more Important documents 1. Representation to the Joint Parliamentary Committee dated 19.12.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1MKVcAN4i0g6NoTBYzySKvgp0mCCSMTX/viewuspsharing 2. Explainer on the Data Protection Bill dated 17.12.2019 [link]https//internetfreedom.in/herecomesthebillalldressedinnil/. Dear Modi Govt Big Retail is Trouble Be It Videshi or Swadeshi. Comments Invited on Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 Submit by 12th February: Committee Joint Committee on the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 Deadline 12th February 2020 3 weeks from 22nd January 2020 Contact id [jpcdatalawsansad.nic.in]mailtojpcdatalawsansad.nic.in or [mrs.mlekhisansad.nic.in]mailtomrs.mlekhisansad.nic.in [The Personal Data Protection Bill 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/01/thepersonaldataprotectionbill2019.pdf. Government Faces First Fall In Direct Taxes In At Least Two Decades Report NDTV. Government Faces First Fall In Direct Taxes In At Least Two Decades Report: I dont know if we can recover from the damage inflicted by this government even in the next two decades. We have deeply divided society blown away the demographic divided that was touted to power into this century low ranking on most of HDI parameters staring at recession and a giant statue resembling the male reproductive organ from ISS. The government is more concerned about Pakistan than this country. Happy to eat Pizza get called out to be an Italian and deported to Italy.. Shouting matches biased reporting and highprofile sackings. Heres why journalism is in trouble in India. Worlds largest solar park is now fully operational in Karnataka. Shifting Desert Winds Could Turn Fisheries Off The Coast In India Barren. PM Modi And BJP Endangering Worlds Biggest Democracy The Economist. PM Modi And BJP Endangering Worlds Biggest Democracy The Economist:  [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/theeconomistcriticisesprimeministernarendramodiovercitizenshiplawnationalregisterofciti2168835]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/theeconomistcriticisesprimeministernarendramodiovercitizenshiplawnationalregisterofciti2168835. Indias economy seems to be shaking off a slump. Ye kaha aagaye hum. Economist then vs now. Confiscation at airports ecigarette users cry foul says law allows personal use. Its hurting my brain.. Almost every third question put to me here at Davos So how are things in India This Economist cover came in handy. Pic and captions by ranaayyub.. Fact check Pulse Polio drive in Malappuram covered 91 of kids not 54 as media reports. Intolerant India Economist cover page. Digital Policy series Shashi Tharoor speaks about internet shutdowns privacy and security. Economists here can you explain some doubts about Indian economy to me:  are the gdp rates we see pre inflation or post inflation. For example let us assume one quarter has 5 inflation and 10 gdp growth. Does this mean India had a real growth of 1055 growth rate India is having a lot of credit issue in economy since public banks arent lending money due to high NPA. Why cant the government just give more money to the banks so they can resume lending until they recover NPA why are farmers incomes not rising despite food inflation If I pay x more food why arent farmers earning more for the food they make.. WEF India needs to focus on innovation infrastructure amp inclusive growth says Telanganas IT Minister. WEF India needs to focus on innovation infrastructure amp inclusive growth says Telanganas IT Minister: [removed]. Is Indian economic slowdown responsible for global slump. Is Indian economic slowdown responsible for global slump. Is Indian economic slowdown responsible for global slump. Indian economy poised to take off says Piyush Goyal. Make In India Samsung To Make Smartphone Displays In Noida. How would insurance companies survive if many people of the current generation die after 56 years due to increasing mental issuesshitty work culture and physical issuesshitty eating habits: [removed]. Indian economy poised to take off says Goyal. Making Make in India work. World War II countrybycountry count of human losses in true scale. A Potential Blueprint for a Bright New India: An honest attempt to awaken the spirit of Netaji on his birthday. This is a potential blueprint for a new and free India [Does India need an Ignorance Movement]https//avimanyu786.blogspot.com/2020/01/doesindianeedanignorancemovement.html \BeMyGuide DemocracyWithoutPolitics OpenSourceDemocracy AIForGood EverythingIsConnected Priorities IgnoreTheCorrupt ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/mb0gllldfhc41.jpgwidth800ampformatpjpgampautowebpampse7c6f54d70f3695ace13040cac0b420491ce612c. SMART RATION CARD Beneficiaries to get tea leaves sugar at subsidised rates Ashu. Does anybody else think India and Pakistan should always have the trade exchange irrespective of the geopolitical conditions in the subcontinent: [removed]. Bengaluru to be worlds fastest growing city Report. Go And Find Current Affairs In India. Indian Journalists Union defends medias right to report on MeToo allegations: [removed]. Housing for all by 2022 Not quite just onethird of targeted houses constructed so far. Not a drop of water belonging to India will flow into Pakistan Union Minister Shekhawat. Cyptocurrency not banned in India RBI says in Supreme Court. IMF Blames India for global slowdown.. Couldnt Resist... Government has declared January 23 as a public holiday. In Mumbai and Thane districts Seawater quality at beaches sea face medium to very bad states MPCB report. Centre Goes To Supreme Court For Victim Centric Rules In Death Penalty Cases. NSE turns worlds largest exchange in derivatives trading. US investors concerned over Indias economic slowdown social unrest and Modis disinterest. roix.in is on sale. UPI growing by 442 in Delhi Razorpay report. Budget 2020 All eyes on tax receipts as mopup dips by Rs 1.91 trillion. Home loan under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana. Indian Bureaucrats: [removed]. Budget 2020 Boost for rural economy connecting villages to digital India expected. Nearly 1 In Every 4 Graduates Looking For A Job Says Report. More trouble for economy direct tax collection in negative zone Report. 867964 people joined formal workforce in November shows payroll data. Consumer confidence plunges 7.3 in January 2020 Report. Isnt it obvious: Civil Services Interviews are basically a bunch of hasbeens asking random bull shit questions that are always factual in nature but never are connected to what the interviewees job would eventually entail. And the worst part is that they have some fuck all interpretation for every stupid question they ask.. Amit Shah Despite protests CAA will not be withdrawn. Airports to lose Rs 650 cr/yr over cut in dutyfree liquor cigarettes. How many farmers are there in India Government has no clue. Electoral bond controversy How are democracies around the world funding their parties. International Monetary Fund. India issues China travel advisory as deadly virus cases jump to 136. India needs a lot more policy stability to attract investors Arvind Panagariya. One Nation One Ration Card Scheme will be Implemented by June 1 across India. Budget 2020 Can the Indian government spend its way out of the slowdown. India Needs Investment IMFs Gita Gopinath On Snub To Jeff Bezos. Four ways how the 2020 budget can promote the digital economy and rights:  Tldr In the fast paced digital world the mantra of move past and break things is a fading chant. Today for a need to pause consider and plan ahead. Here an important annual moment is provided as the Union Government prepares its annual budget. Yesterday we submitted comments to the Ministry of Finance how it can account for the digital economy and rights in four important ways. These will protect your privacy security and right to internet access. Whats more They will help fuel innovation and health in the digital sector How many zeroes are there in a trillion The Union Government envisions the digital economy as a trillion dollar opportunity by 2025 [link]https//pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspxPRID1565407. These are big numbers. Such ambitious projections are often found on the basis of a robust growth in the number of internet connections in India. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI notes in its latest subscription report for November 2019 for these to be close to 661 million [link]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/PRNo.09of20200.pdf. Users of the internet are central to the story of how the digital economy in India is growing. Focussing on them we have made 4 clear recommendations to the Ministry of Finance for the Union Budget 202021. These are first growing regulatory capacity in TRAI and the Ministry of Electronics and IT MEITY. While TRAI is considering Net Neutrality enforcement MEITY should be adequately resourced for the institutional preparation of a Data Protection Authority. Second we need an online and digital environment which is safe and secure for all of us. This can only be done by rationalizing the present budgetary allocations on cyber security which are principally earmarked to the Ministry of Home Affairs towards other bodies such as the FinCert. Third let us not waste money on illegal and unconstitutional surveillance programmes. While expenditures such as those on the Social Media Communication Hub or the NATGRID should not be made since they are illegal per se for other programmes funding should not be alloacated without a clear underlying law a privacy compliant assessment and the necessary safeguards. Finally we also call for a recognition of the economic harms caused by internet shutdowns. Want to read more Click below to read our submission to the Ministry of Finance made yesterday through the MyGov portal. Important Documents IFFs Submission dated January 20 2020 to the Ministry of Finance on the Union Budget 202021 [click here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1bBZjYXP1RAHJxPlXWQH5YOtPTfeGU/viewuspsharing The internet is not too big to fail. It needs to be protected against the big short on our digital rights. [Fund IFF. Become a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. India Slowdown Will Push Down Global Growth IMFs Gita Gopinath To NDTV. India Not Growing Yet Inequality Is Oxfam India CEO Amitabh Behar Tell.... r/India was first opposed to Aadhar now r/India is upset that poor people have no way of proving Indian citizenship when it comes to NRC.: So what is the government supposed to do in order to provide proper documentation for actual Indian citizens Do any of you opposed to Aadhar realize that pretty much every single developed nation on the planet has to distinguish between citizens and ILLEGAL immigrants. India Slowdown Will Push Down Global Growth IMFs Chief Economist Gita Gopinath to NDTV. IMF Cuts Global Growth Forecasts Over Sharp Slowdown In India Report. BREAKING Sharp slowdown in India a drag on world economy IMF https//t.co/CH16rKoju4. IMF lowers India growth estimate to 4.8 for 2019 cuts global forecasts too. India need new cities.: Mumbai Chennai Delhi and Kolkata are getting overpopulated. Infrastructure is horrible and cities were never planned to be industrial. Ground Water of these cities is also getting depleted. We really need to make people go to different cities. I think we need to build new cities built strictly for industries and finance. we need to build them near coast and supply water though desalination plants. Desalination plants need to be built anyway as water from Himalayan region is no longer enough. It would also break our dependence on Kashmir. Israel does it and so will we need to. These cities should be built around industries give land to capitalists at low costs dont tax them for some time. Through executive decisions have them be except from labour laws and never ending red tape. Instead of overland infrastructure use marine merchant fleets. Plan the cities around factories and let the people flock to them. Give houses for cheap to workers. because cities would be empty we will easily be able to house migrants from rural regions We should also need to do this after we send a team of intellectuals to a word tour so they can see how biggest industrial regions of the world work. Namely Shinzen of China. We should copy Shinzen model as feankly it is great. What we should do Im totality is give free reign to capitalists in given regions on coast and let those regions develop. Build new infrastructure. Build high speed rail to connect these new cities. Start from scratch. This will relive pressure on old cities and bring capital to the country. As well as expertise. We were pretty fucking stupid to text to jump directly to service. We should have went to manufacturing. Once these cities are highly developed the people will send money to inner regions and this way rest of the country will be uplifted as well. I think we should give special exemptions as passing reforms is really fucking hard. But asking Bengal to allow centre to let capitalists in these special industrial and financial zones free reign will be easy. Most of the country will be unaffected from negative consequences. We wont have to pass new laws. We will have to pass one law that gives executive power to bypass red tape land acquisition and labour laws if both centre and state agree. States would agree as all coat is covered by centre and most benefit goes to the state. There are probably many things I overlooked or did not explaining properly. So I request you guys to discuss this with me.. Government to decriminalise Income Tax Act antimoney laundering law FM Nirmala Sitharaman. 22 men own more wealth than Africas 326 million women Oxfam says [Neither Capitalism nor Communism seem to be worried about getting the Gini coefficient in the bottle]. Wait what. Comments invited on Contributory Pension Policy Submit by 7th March: [removed]. Sab Changa si. Indias richest 1 have 4times more wealth than 70 of its poorest Study. Combined total wealth of 63 Indian billionaires higher than the total 201819 Union Budget Oxfam. Indias richest 1 hold four times more wealth than 70 of poor Oxfam. Gig economy workers may soon have to register under GSTN. [OLD] Reporting from Kashmir 1989 to 1994 Newslaundry on YouTube. Why is stock market still going up: Almost every news I read about Indian economy right now is bad. GDP growth numbers are falling currently at 5 by some estimates as low as 3.5 [https//www.youtube.com/watchvmFE4rTq5HWA]https//www.youtube.com/watchvmFE4rTq5HWA Unemployment reaching an all time high of 8.50 percent in October of 2019 Almost every other indicator points to severe economic slowdown much worse than regular highs and low. I would like to understand why we dont see it reflected in stock market SENSEX and NIFTY has been climbing like there is no issue.. So easy to copy Rs 2000 notes make 56 of all seized fake currency shows NCRB data. India needs a effective population control bill to be made passed and executed properly.. Indias target of being 5 trilliondollar economy is practical Nirmala Sitharaman[MEME]. Nirmala Sitharaman likely to set nominal GDP target to 9.510. Constitution maker Baba ambedkar own grandson speaking on CAA NRC... Should India really be aiming for a 5 Trillion economy: Okay so I have been watching a lot of videos about the economy question online and many people are talking about it. But no one really suggests that maybe such a rapid growth in economy would have some adverse effects on our country. Firstly lets be clear in contemporary Indian society the economy is totally bought and controlled by the 10 percent of the population with a handful of people influencing the most of it. A rapid growth without deliberate planning would disproportionately help the uber rich class than anyone else. Second the way things are going also seems to me that the current administration would just privatize everything which would make it look like the government made revenues but in a few years the public would feel the effects of all the lost revenues to privatization and monopolies. Third the ecological cost to such an unchecked growth tactic would be disastrous. As we are already seeing Adanis and other industrialists ripping out forests to build their factories or mines etc. The ecological cost is paid mostly by the poorest of the country. All this to me raises the question Is such a rapid growth even worth perusing Let me know what everyone thinks.. Used for Watching Dirty Films NITI Aayog Member Explains Why Internet Blockade in Kashmir Didnt Affect Economy. Commerce ministry recommends restricting purchase of taxfree alcohol to one bottle at dutyfree shops as part of steps to reduce import of nonessential goods Sources.. Suggestions Invited on Draft recruitment Training and Career Progressive Policy Submit by 20th January: [removed]. CAA Protests Accused Of Seizing Food Blankets At Protest Lucknow Cops Clarify. 5 trillion economy goal difficult not impossible Nitin Gadkari. Is the Indian economy staring at stagflation. Khandelwal alleged that Amazon much like USbased Walmartowned Flipkart was an economic terrorist BI reported who engaged in predatory pricing that deprived the government of tax revenue and compelled the closure of thousands of small traders in a letter he penned to the Indian Prime Minis. Gdp from 1 a.d.. What is your opinion on the central governments budget allocations to states : The 15th financial commission has reported that budget collection has fallen in the local and regional level. https//dailygamingworld.com/accordingtoastudybythe15thfinancecommissionthegsthasdealtamajorblowtomunicipalfinance/ The same commission has recommended distribution of money according to the 2011 census instead of the 1971 census and is expected to be enforced from FY20/21. This move is expected to hurt the revenues of the more responsible southern states whose economists say that they are penalised for reducing the fertility rate to 1.71.9 and benefit states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar which have fertility rates in excess of 3. This comes in the backdrop of announcements relating to the expansion of the Lok sabha to upto 900 seats. In your opinion is such a population based division fair or is a more federal structure fair. Forestdependent communities of Odisha find LPG an unnecessary unaffordable luxury. NCRB data shows more selfemployed and unemployed people took their own lives than farmers in 2018. Comments invited on Draft National Strategy on Blockchain: Department National Institute For Smart Government NISG Deadline Not available Draft dated 31st December 2019 Submission link [https//www.nisg.org/blockchain]https//www.nisg.org/blockchain Draft document [Draft National Strategy on Blockchain]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/01/draftnationalstrategyonblockchain.pdf. More unemployed and selfemployed people killed themselves than farmers in 2018 show NCRB data. More Unemployed People Committed Suicide Than Farmers In 2018 Data. Modi govt must learn instinctive response not always best solution to economic problems. Statue Of Unity Will Create Rs 1 Lakh Crore Economic Ecosystem Piyush Goyal. Bichhupali Railway Station Year on this railway station inaugurated by PM gets two passengers a day Bhubaneswar News Times of India. Chinas economy slows down 29 year low why are we so worried that India only slowed to 4 year low: [removed]. Will FRDS2020 Get Timing and Details Wrong Again. Two countries have just crossed the 10000 GDP per capita boundary in 2019: Guess which two countries they are and comment with some analysis before checking the spoiler please gtChinalt 96332018100982019 gtMexicolt 96142018101182019 Source [2018]http//statisticstimes.com/economy/countriesbygdpcapita.php [2019]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ListofcountriesbyGDPnominalpercapita. Comments invited on draft National Policy for Rare Diseases 2020 submit by 15th February: Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is inviting comments on the [draft National Policy for Rare Diseases 2020]https//mohfw.gov.in/sites/default/files/grantsection0.pdf. Deadline 15th February 2020 Contact id [kumar.pranavnic.in]mailtokumar.pranavnic.in. Comments invited on Promoting Technology Adoption by MSMEsMission Documentdraft Submit by 25th Jan: [removed]. Suggestions/Comments Invited on Draft Cable Television Networks Regulation Amendment Bill 2020 Submit by 17th February:  Department Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Deadline 17th February Notice date 15th January Contact id sodasmoiabgov.in Document [Draft Cable Television Networks Regulation Amendment Bill 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/01/cabletelevisionnetworksregulationact1995.pdf. Budget 2020 Check the date time what can we expect from this years budget. Jeff Bezos should worry about Mukesh Ambani not Modi govts probe against Amazon. Piyush Goyals tough message to Jeff Bezos Amazon not doing favour to India with a billion dollars. Read our summary of TRAIs consultation paper on net neutrality enforcement SaveTheInternet: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/3got5tkor9b41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps788bf627e87e1a05d4592ec1996fb1461e60dedb Tldr We all know the basic problem in India. Quite often we make great laws but their enforcement does not happen. The TRAI is \finally\ trying to fix this on Net Neutrality. Despite having clear rules we still do not have any enforcement mechanism. The first step in this is removing existing ambiguities introducing a monitoring framework and then imposing penalties. The TRAI has taken a positive step towards fixing this by releasing a recent consultation paper. Read on for our summary and how you can participate ampx200B Net Neutrality demands action Net neutrality has been a long enduring bond more than a million forged with the SaveTheInternet.in campaign. Through it they petitioned the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI a regulatory body which was instrumental in making rules and recommendations to protect the open internet. Quite simply it protected user choices and ensured people like you were not left left to the mercy of large telecom companies who are Internet Service Providers ISPs. The Net Neutrality rules today prevent ISPs from choosing to charge you additionally or slow down your access to your favourite websites because their owners do not pay such ISPs extra money. In short this is a massive win for internet users and the open internet. This has been a long time coming and we have documented [this history in a separate explainer.]https//savetheinternet.in/blog/guesswhosbackbackagainsavetheinternet/ However despite clear rules that last came in September 2018 to prohibit ISPs from both distorting traffic slowing down your favourite online services and in April 2016 on pricing charging you on the basis of websites you access we still do not have any enforcement. This is why we had [relaunched the SaveTheInternet.in in March 2019]https//savetheinternet.in/whythisagain/ and petitioned TRAI and the nodal central government ministry the Department of Telecom to begin monitoring for violations create an enforcement framework and also to take interim action against website blocking. ampx200B Let us help TRAI make a clear citizen centric enforcement framework TRAI on Jan 2 2020 released a [consultation paper]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/CP020120200.pdf titled as the Traffic Management Practices TMPs and MultiStakeholder Body for Net Neutrality. The comments on it are due by Jan 30 2020 and there is a further countercomment period till Feb 13 2020 yes just one day before Valentines day. Comments should be sent to Sh. Asit Kadayan by email at advqostrai.gov.in. So let us show our love for the internet by participating in this consultation. We are especially enthused by TRAIs clear statement which recognises the value of civil society and voices when it notes that Civil society organizations may also be the part of MSB as they engage in advocating the publics rights and wishes of the people including but not limited to health environment and economic rights. They fulfil the important duties of checks and balances in democracies they are able to influence the government and hold it accountable. ampx200B How do you participate And more 1. Send in your comments Even though we do not have an online submission form this time we have shrunk down this 34 page consultation paper to a 6 page capsule. While many of the issues are technical effective and wide comments should definitely be made by you and we believe your voice should be heard. We encourage you to read the summary share and adapt it in any way you may like 2. Help IFF take a position We have from the very beginning relied on the expertise of our leadership and staff that has been strengthened by public feedback and inputs. Here you can help IFF take a strong position on Net Neutrality. We are especially looking for technical experts network engineers and academics to provide us considered thought to help further the cause of SaveTheInternet. So shoot us an email at policyinternetfreedom.in 3. Sign the Take Action Petition While such enforcement frameworks are being devised and will take time there exist clear breaches of net neutrality in the form of illegal website blocking by ISPs. This is the clearest form of existing violations of binding license regulations. Join more than 3000 people who have signed on and are asking for immediate action and remedy at [SaveTheInternet.in]https//internetfreedom.in/traiconsultationonnetneutrality/savetheinternet.in in the meanwhile. You can support this campaign by signing on Remember the last date for sending in comments is Jan. 31 2020 and counter comments is Feb. 1. The email for submission is [advqostrai.gov.in]mailtoadvqostrai.gov.in. ampx200B Important Documents 1. Link to TRAIs Consultation Paper on Traffic Management Practices and a MultiStakeholder Body dated Jan. 02 2020 [click here]https//main.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/CP020120200.pdf 2. Link to a 6 page summary of TRAIs Consultation Paper [click here]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1lWma5roqYKxueelyLwN0zfxyltwnfptsUpetstjNE/edituspsharing ampx200B We promise to fight the long fight on net neutrality. IFF is going to make sure that the wins of SaveTheInternet.in are realised. [Help us by joining forces and becoming a IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Exploring the true state of Indian economy as more insiders let the truth out. Lawyer Mishi Choudhury on what India shutdowns ruling means for journalists. As food inflation rises who are Indians blaming. Failing economy is driving India protests as much as Muslim crackdown. Opinion on the current Indian Economy: What is your view of the current economy Also what parameters are important to you the growth rate unemployment rate regulation or the fiscal deficit. Indian Budget Deficit estimated to be close to higher than official figures close to 5 percent GDP. Every Indian must watch this. Sensex Crosses 42000 For First Time Ever As Markets Touch AllTime Highs. The International Committee of the Red Cross hasnt been able to work in Indiaheld Kashmir since it was stripped of its political autonomy on August 5 foreign aid workers are not being issued visas and Kashmiris are being left without support.. Why in India 6 Economic Growth Is Cause for Alarm. Economic Loss to India and counting.... PM Modi warns pharma companies not to bribe doctors with women foreign trips and gadgets. The cost of development How Bengalurus infra projects have hurt its microeconomies. Indias exports fall for fifth straight month in December by 1.8 per cent. Good time to start large scale protests FOR economic reforms: As everyone is protesting against CAA NRC NPR and getting good visibility we should also start protesting FOR economic reforms. This is a good to start in my opinion. Economic reforms are what we need right now. Let it not take the back seat. Let this gobernment not distract you from the real pressing issues.. This video has an interesting view of Modis puch for Nationalism. He is a great analyst and claims that all this shabang is to gain enough seats in Rahya Sabha to passs further reforms.. Satya Nadella speaking up shows how inconsequential Indian economy is under Modi. Selling Gold Without Hallmark Can Land You In Jail From 2021. A case study of how CAA and NRC are unconstitutional: A major agrument which seem to be advanced by some supporters is this American bill. WagnerRogers Bill The bill had widespread support among religious and labor groups but was opposed by nationalist organizations. It never came to a vote because it was blocked by Senator Robert Rice Reynolds of North Carolina who held a powerful position because of his seniority. As you can see this case was defeated even under the dire circumstances of ww2 aftermath. Heres another case from same era when citizenship was granted in later stages. The One Thousand Children OTC is a designation created in 2000 which is used to refer to the approximately 1400 Jewish children who were rescued from Nazi Germany and other Nazioccupied or threatened European countries and who were taken directly to the United States during the period 19341945. The phrase One Thousand Children only refers to those children who came unaccompanied and left their parents behind back in Europe. In nearly all cases their parents were not able to escape with their children because they could not get the necessary visas among other reasons. Later nearly all these parents were murdered by the Nazis. But point to be noted is the American public also resisted the OTC program because of social hostility to allowing foreigners to enter the U.S. during the Depression and generally from isolationist and antisemitic forces. Since the Indian constitution has been in part taken its citizenship rules and regulations from 11 countries including USA a major point is none of the 11 countries have ever posted or created a citizenship rule which discriminates grant of citizenship based on religion given these countires are Christian majority themselves. Hence by past history and by peer constitutions of secular democracies around the world the CAA and NRC are unconstitutional.. What They Dont Want You to See. How India the worlds fastestgrowing economy plunged into stagflation. Security researchers need legislative protection for responsible disclosure:  https//preview.redd.it/ckoav6yrkva41.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps64281a3b07b52dd036d2359ab06bb112df8c15e9 Tldr On Monday we published inputs to the [National Cyber Security Policy]https//internetfreedom.in/acybersecureindiastartswithsecuringindians/ that focus on protections for security researchers. Today we demonstrate how the absence of protection results in tangible damage. To do so we have studied the case of Dissent Doe a US based journalist who reports on data breaches. In August 2019 Dissent Doe had reported that counselling related data of 300000 employees of 1to1Helps corporate clients had been leaked due to a misconfigured Amazon Web Services bucket. Today Dissent Doe is being sued by 1to1Help before the Bangalore City Civil Court. To usm this demonstrates a tangible need to not only change the National Cyber Security Policy but build legislative protections within the framework of the Personal Data Protection law. Shooting the Messenger As the community of cyber security professionals increases in India there are often questions on what processes they should follow for vulnerability and data breach disclosures. Even when done in good faith such persons tread a dangerous path and face risk of legal prosecution. Today we illustrate a routine case which demonstrates how an absence of clear positive protections in the law prevent security researchers from doing their work to keep users of technology safe in India. We have taken the instance of [Dissent Doe]https//twitter.com/PogoWasRight who runs a journalistic and reporting portal at databreaches.net. On 1 August 2019 Dissent Doe had publicly disclosed that counselling related data of 300000 employees of 1to1Helps corporate clients had been leaked due to a misconfigured Amazon Web Services bucket. 1to1Help is an Indian company that provides counselling services to employees of prominent business corporations. As per Dissent Doess statement the exposed data was over five years old and it is unclear why 1to1Help continued retaining such old sensitive personal data in an unencrypted and insecure form read more [here]https//www.databreaches.net/amisconfiguredawsbucketexposedpersonalandcounselinglogsofalmost300000indianemployees/. Further as per Dissent Doe prior to making this public disclosure they had reached out to 1to1Help multiple times and provided them an opportunity to secure the data and notify individuals whose personal data was compromised. Since 1to1Help did not respond to Dissent Does initial emails they reached out to some of 1to1Helps corporate clients and informed them about the data breach without disclosing any personally identifiable details of employees whose data was included in the misconfigured bucket. According to Dissent Doe on 6 August 2019 the Bangalore City Civil Court granted an ex parte interim injunction in favour of 1to1Help Read more [here]https//www.databreaches.net/1to1helpnetgetsinjunctionagainstdatabreachesnetseekscriminalchargesagainstblogger/. Such litigation often emanates when security researchers vulnerability testers and journalists make responsible disclosures. Today there is a lack of proper legal protections defined processes and a duty on entities that hold personal data to make proactive disclosure. Citing concern we are issuing a short statement and also calling for wider support through legal fixes which are urgently needed to safeguard the privacy and security of personal data of users and hold those who possess it accountable. Bug Bounties not Vexatious Lawsuits We are concerned with legal action against security researchers and journalists who make responsible disclosures of data breaches. To us such prosecutions which include several public instances including that of Dissent Doe undermine the security of Indian internet users. Security researchers and journalists who report data breaches perform a vital function by exposing vulnerabilities that need fixing. Good faith vulnerability research and disclosure is necessary to limit the damage caused by a data breach and take corrective steps. Therefore leading technology companies around the world provide recognition and rewards to security researchers who report vulnerabilities through bug bounty programmes. Unfortunately as [this article]https//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia50583733 notes despite rapidly digitizing its infrastructure India still has a long way to go in recognizing the value of good faith vulnerability disclosure. Despite being a sizeable number Indian security researchers are wary of reporting vulnerabilities because they fear being sued. Instead security researchers based abroad tend to break these stories because they are safely outside the jurisdiction of Indian courts. This excessive reliance on foreign security researchers who have little accountability before the domestic legal system can have national security implications and it is in our own interest to cultivate an indigenous security research community. In India security researchers are constantly at risk of legal action because Section 43 of the Information Technology Act 2000 penalizes anyone who gains unauthorized access to a computer resource without permission of the owner and it fails to draw a distinction between malicious hackers and ethical security researchers. Instances like Dissent Does exemplify the urgent need for law reform in India. To promote good faith vulnerability disclosure the Parliament must not only amend the Information Technology Act 2000 but also look towards making suitable policy and regulatory frameworks within the field of data protection. The present draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 falls short on this aspect because it only obligates data controllers to report data breaches to the Data Protection Authority and there is no requirement to notify the data subject whose personal data has been compromised. In contrast the Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 introduced by Dr. Ravi Kumar as a private members bill obligates the data controller to notify the data subject in addition to the relevant authorities. Till these legislative changes are made by the Parliament we urge companies like 1to1Help to recognize the importance of vulnerability disclosure as a responsible business practice and work with security researchers instead of threatening them with legal action. Important Documents 1. Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 introduced by Dr. Ravi Kumar [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1DReq96eFLsSoKUvK94VCtu2Y1PE97/view 2. Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 introduced by the Govt. [link]http//prsindia.org/sites/default/files/billfiles/Personal20Data20Protection20Bill2C202019.pdf Want to support legal advocacy in favour of responsible vulnerability disclosure Consider [becoming an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ today. Bajaj says need a GST cut overregulation killing auto industry. Jewellers can sell only 14 18 22carat hallmarked gold jewellery from Jan 2021 Paswan. World leaders want India to take up leadership role. Google agrees to share data from Google Drive with investigators: Google in a Delhi court stated that it is willing to provide the data stored in the Google Drive with investigators provided the Basic Subscriber Information is shared with the company. [Source Livelaw]https//www.livelaw.in/newsupdates/jnuviolencedelhihcdirectswhatsappfacebookandjnuauthoritiestopreservedatarelatingtojan5incident151613. Economic slowdown hits jobs sector SBI report. The Most Populous Cities In The World 15002018 Mumbai Top 3 Bijapur Ahmedabad Top 10. Can anyone fill me in on why NRC/CAA is good/bad I just wanna look at the full picture.: [removed]. Does anyone know of investigative reports or longform writing on the illtreatment of domestic help in India: Im think many of us here have heard accounts of illtreatment of domestic help in Indian households. I would like to read some investigative reporting on the subject and Im pretty lost on how to Google for something like this. If anyone here has read something of the sort I would really appreciate it if you could share a link. It could be an longform blog post an investigative news report or a book anything as long as its more expansive than oneoff reports.. Indias about to hand people data Americans can only dream of Times of India. India may fall into a middleincome trap from which no country has been able to bounce back. Activists outraged as Siemens backs Adani mining project. Worlds most powerful militaries US is No 1 India not far behind here is the top10 list. Govt appoints Michael Patra as RBI Deputy Governor. Indian tech startups raised a record 14.5B in 2019. Is Bengal staring at a microfinance crisis triggered by Bandhan Bank. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella spoke about CAA: [removed]. Rising food prices push Indias December retail inflation to over fiveyear high. The illegal act of manual workers having to clean up defecation and sewers is still happening today. December retail inflation reaches 7.35 breaches RBIs upper end target. Walmart Halts Plans To Expand In India Fires Many Top Executives Report. Indias slowing gdp could lead to a middle income trap. Indian economy is sinking and Modi govt knows what will work. So what is it waiting for. Why Hindutva is incompatible with economic growth. Walmart Halts Plans To Expand In India Fires Many Top Executives Report. A cyber secure India starts with securing Indians: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/ppazafa7fha41.jpgwidth1080ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps4a8c188d19ea4a4a26c6ab305edd5e0c0b29cd56 Tldr We live in a world that is often outside our control. Many people have faced risks to their online and digital security. These same anxieties are present in securing our national cyber assets. Towards this the government of India plans to release a Cybersecurity Strategy in 2020 and asked for inputs. We sent our comments on securing people like you. This recognises 5 important points that promote both security and human rights. Sounds too good to be true Read on Institutional security has to be individual centric We recently sent our comments to the National Security Council Secretariat which invited [public comments ]https//ncss2020.nic.in/for framing of the National Cyber Security Strategy 2020 NCSS 2020. Our clear belief is that India requires to focus strongly on protecting its cyber assets and infrastructure. This has to be done in a manner in which we focus on creating an environment with the right incentives and grow a respect for individual privacy. More tangibly as we outline in our submission to achieve this we make five distinct reccomendations. Recommendation 1 Independent vulnerability testers and cyber security specialists are strategic national assets Indias innovative and expanding community of security researchers is a net asset for cybersecurity in both the public and private sectors. There should be a clear policy and standard operating procedure devised for departments to be notified by security researchers without the threat of civil or criminal prosecution. Recommendation 2 Encryption protects India by protecting Indians The use of encryption has far too often come under political attack by some parts of the security ecosystem. In fact failure to encourage and expand the usage of encryption technologies puts individual users at risk. Here millions of Indians who today conduct their lives through digital tools are also entry point vulnerabilities unless their devices are secured through encryption. Recommendation 3 Encourage a strong data breach reporting mechanism in the Data Protection Act Data breach reporting under a data protection legal framework is immensely useful for enhancing cybersecurity. Recommendation 4 Malware use makes all of insecure We further recommend that the use of malware should be clearly prohibited. The collection of Zeroday hacks or the proliferation in the use of technical exploits to hack into the devices and digital services of Indians makes the nation insecure. Recommendation 5 The open web is the secure web Today there are both economic forces and regulatory suggestions that threaten the decentralised framework of the internet. This undermines not only the stability of the public core but has a negative impact on cyber security in real and tangible ways. We will keep advocating for the safety of India by advocating for the rights of users to use technologies that will secure thier devices. Our submission also benefits from the growing community of supporters and experts includes many from the domain cyber security and their work is incredibly advancing the national interest. It is our earnest hope that the National Security Council Secretariat considers our submission for a cyber secure India that starts with securing Indians. Important Documents 1. IFFs Submission to Indias Cyber Security Policy [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFR2pWUHhtSHpjRUJjc0ZNcGxMbl9acURDT1Nv/viewuspsharing We believe that security and human rights are natural allies. Do you want to support positive solution oriented policymaking [Become an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ today. Why one of Asias biggest diesel exporter India is buying from offshore. Undemocratization Of India Has Worlds Largest Democracy Transformed Its Character OpEd. Indira Gandhi wasted money on waste management. RBI approves Aadhaarbased video authentication as alternative to eKYC. Foxconn Changes Plans in India for 5 Billion USD investment. Theres hope for Indian economy if it becomes No. 1 priority of Modi govt instead of CAA. America is discussing raising taxes for the rich. Should India consider this too. Forest Advisory Committee Okays Scheme to Trade Forest Land. What pro tip would you like to give the Modi Ji: Disclaimer Those are Air Quotes I personally feel design your government or resign from the govt.. Superpower forecast of 2020.... PM narendramodi renames Kolkata Port after Shyama Prasad Mukherjee. Why Indias growth is slowing down CNBC explains. Eurasia Group Top Risks for 2020. The Very Reason Im against Hindutv / RSS / AVBP and Other Opinionated Ideology by Modi Bhakts. It seems that SiemensDE have the power to stop delay or at least interrupt the building of the huge Adani coal mine in Australia. On Monday they will announce their decision. Please help pushing them to make the only right decision. StopAdani Greta. RBI allows SIP payments through UPI. India Has Worst Economy In 42 Years. Is Prime Minister Modi Watching. Why is Indias growth slowing CNBC Explains.. Maradu Flat Demolition Video Shows Flats Razed With Controlled Explosion In Seconds In Kochi. Kochis Maradu Flats Demolished Within Seconds As Per Supreme Courts Directive. Governmentled internet shutdowns cost 8 billion in 2019 study says. Indian Petrol Industry will experience hyperinflation if US declares war on Iran. India is changing .... Central vistas in Delhi to be converted into a fort like space to keep the public at an arms length. Amazing talk by Madhav Raman this needs to reach out .... The redevelopment project will shrink spaces for public gatherings and protests.. SBI to refund home loan borrowers if builder delays project. Govt may seek another interim dividend from RBI as revenue drops Report. New India. Its not the economy theyre worrying about...: [removed]. SCs Kashmir communication shutdown judgement is just the beginning of a long uphill campaign:  https//preview.redd.it/lcjc09nyty941.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampsc7bfac74255543362909c85e52395ca415cf835d Tldr The Supreme Courts judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India is a step in the right direction but fails to provide immediate relief to Kashmiris who have already suffered immense hardship due to the 158 day communication shutdown. However the judgement does provide strong legal footing to challenge the continued communication shutdown in Kashmir and arbitrary use of the Telecom Suspension Rules all over India. Most importantly the judgement is only the first step and it will require continuous monitoring and follow up action to ensure the government complies with the progressive principles and procedural safeguards laid down by the Supreme Court. The Good Endorsement of the proportionality standard Drawing on past domestic and foreign jurisprudence the Court has endorsed the proportionality standard to be the appropriate standard of review for communication shutdown orders. The judgement summarizes the proportionality test to require pursuit of a legitimate aim exploration of suitable alternatives and adoption of the least restrictive measure. The nature of the restriction and its territorial and temporal scope will be relevant factors to determine whether it is proportionate to the aim sought to be achieved. Reading procedural safeguards into the Telecom Suspension Rules The Court has read three procedural safeguards into the Telecom Suspension Rules to bring greater transparency and accountability in the telecom shutdown process. First all telecom suspension orders must be made publicly available to make the Rules compliant with principles of natural justice. Second orders must specify a time limit and they cannot suspend internet services indefinitely. Third the Review Committee constituted under the Rules must review the orders every seven working days to determine their necessity. The Court has noted that the Telecom Suspension Rules have certain gaps but instead of striking them down as unconstitutional the Court has read these procedural safeguards into the Rules to prevent arbitrary use of the Rules. Internet is a medium to exercise fundamental rights but not a fundamental right itself The judgement states that expressing ones views or conducting ones business through the internet are protected under Articles 191a and 191g of the Constitution respectively. This means that online speech or online business activities can be restricted only on grounds recognized under Articles 192 and 196. This is relevant because the grounds under Article 196 are broader than Article 192 and includes reasonable restrictions imposed in public interest. Therefore online speech will enjoy greater protection than online business activities. War on terror is not an excuse to ride roughshod over free speech The Court has recognized that even when the state is fighting the threat of terrorism it can prohibit speech only if it is likely to lead to imminent violence. Government cannot refuse to supply orders citing logistical inconvenience The Court has held that the government must make all orders issued under S.144 Cr.P.C. and Telecom Suspension Rules available to petitioners. However the government may refuse disclosure of orders if there is a specific ground of privilege or countervailing public interest. In these circumstances the Court will have to determine whether the reasons cited by the government outweigh the petitioners right to receive copies of orders restricting fundamental rights. In the context of Kashmir the Court has specifically held that the governments claim that it was too difficult to produce multiple orders being issued and withdrawn on a day to day basis is not a valid reason to refuse disclosure of orders. Government cannot cite lack of technical ability as an excuse The judgement categorically rejects the States claim that it needs to shut down the internet in its entirety because it does not have technical means to block access to specific websites and applications. Source of power to impose telecom suspensions has changed after 2017 After making note of the Gujarat High Court decision in Gaurav Sureshbhai Vyas v. State of Gujarat which allowed internet shutdowns to be imposed under S.144 Cr.P.C. the Supreme Court has stated that the position of law has changed after notification of the Telecom Suspension Rules in 2017. This could be reasonably construed as an implicit finding that telecom suspension orders can no longer be issued under S.144 Cr.P.C. The Bad No direction for restoration of communication services in Kashmir The Court has not declared the 158 day communication shutdown as unconstitutional or directed the government to restore all telecom services in Kashmir. As on date internet services and voice calls on prepaid numbers continue to remain suspended in Kashmir. The judgement states that it could not determine the constitutionality of the communication shutdown because the State had not produced all orders. The States refusal to produce orders citing logistical inference was clearly held to be untenable but despite this the Court has allowed the State to get away with frustrating the fundamental right to judicial review by unjustifiably witholding orders. Only prospective review by the executive no retrospective review by the judiciary The Court has laid down abstract guiding principles and left it to the executive to decide the necessity and proportionality of continuing the communication shutdown and movement restrictions in Kashmir. This means that there will be no determination of the constitutionality of the communication shutdown and movement restrictions from 5 August 2019 to 10 January 2020 by the judiciary. Even the executive is only required to prospectively review its imposition of restrictions on telecom services and there is no obligation on the executive to review its actions between 5 August 2019 to 10 January 2020. The Courts refusal to retrospectively review the 158 day long communication shutdown has left Kashmiris who have already suffered psychological distress and financial losses running into thousands of crores without any relief or remedy. Reasonable restriction can also mean complete prohibition The Court has held that reasonable restrictions under Article 192 can extend to complete prohibition of speech in certain circumstances. This counterintuitive holding sets a problematic precedent and it could undermine future legal challenges to the Telecom Suspension Rules on the ground of internet shutdowns being inherently indiscriminate and overbroad in nature. Misapplication of the doctrine of chilling effect In this case there was direct interference with journalistic activities because journalists belonging to Kashmir Times could not contact their sources and editors and their movement was being arbitrarily blocked by paramilitary forces. All these specific facts were pleaded by the petitioner in her writ petition and additional affidavit. Despite these facts being on record the Court has mischaracterized this type of direct impingement on press freedom as a complaint of indirect chilling effect on the presss functioning. The direct and inevitable consequence of disabling telecom services and physically stopping journalists from entering certain areas is violation of press freedom and it cannot be characterized solely as a chilling effect. IFFs Statement The judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. Union of India provides a sound legal basis to challenge future communication shutdowns but it does little to address the harm already caused to Kashmiris in the last 158 days. The Court has rejected several extreme arguments made by the government regarding secrecy of orders and national security and the principles and safeguards laid down in this case are the first step in reforming the telecom suspension process in India. This judgement is a call to action in a lot of ways and it marks the beginning of a long uphill campaign. There needs to be dogded follow up action to ensure it is implemented by the government in its true spirit in Kashmir and other states. To this end IFF will be taking the following steps in the coming weeks 1. Write to the government urging it to review the functioning of the Telecom Suspension Rules and conduct a public consultation since the Supreme Court has also noted that the Rules have gaps and need amendment. 2. File regular RTIs to check if telecom suspension orders are being proactively published and periodically reviewed in accordance with the Supreme Courts directions. 3. Work with local petitioners if the government fails to review the orders for Kashmir within one week and support them in moving to courts to seek compliance with the Supreme Courts directions. Important Documents 1. Copy of SC judgement in Anuradha Bhasin v. UoI [link]https//main.sci.gov.in/supremecourt/2019/28817/2881720192150119350Judgement10Jan2020.pdf IFF is in this for the long haul. Consider helping us take follow up action to translate the abstract principles laid down by the SC into a concrete reality by [becoming an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ today. Cash deposits at any ATM regardless of bank may soon be a reality Report. After a gap of 7 years gold ETFs witness inflows in 2019. Tech Mahindra Inaugurates New Delivery Center In Warangal Telangana. Indias growth will decelerate to 5 in FY20 World Bank. PM Modi asks for focused effort to achieve 5 trillion economy: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that the fundamentals of the Indian economy are strong and it has the capacity to bounce back. The Prime Minister seems to have taken charge of the efforts to revive the economy. Over the past few days the Prime Minister has held as many as 12 brainstorming meetings with different stakeholders over various issues affecting the economy and to thrash out appropriate policy interventions in the upcoming Budget. Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacted with economists and entrepreneurs from different fields on the broad theme of economic growth at NITI Aayog in New Delhi. Full report [http//ddnews.gov.in/national/pmmodiasksfocusedeffortachieve5trillioneconomy]http//ddnews.gov.in/national/pmmodiasksfocusedeffortachieve5trillioneconomy. Inside All India Trade Union Strike video report from Freedom Park Bangalore.  . ELI5 can someone please ELI5 the upcoming FSDR Bill and why should we be more concerned about our FDs and savings accounts anymore than we are now : [removed]. Indian housewives hold 11 of the worlds gold. This is more than the reserves of USA IMF Switzerland and Germany put together.. One Woman Reports a Rape Every 15 Minutes in India. Can someone do this for Indian states cant wait. Former IAS officer Kannan Gopinathans speech on EVMCAANRC demonitization. Economic Crisis a Direct Result of Demonetisation GST Policies. Rinkiya ke Papa. Heres a fun fact about Indian States based on their GDP.: [removed]. Opinion Worst economy in 42 years needs an honest look. Modi govt policies hampering Indias economic growth foreign policy risk firm. Modi govt policies hampering Indias economic growth foreign policy risk firm. Sitharaman missing from PMs preBudget meeting with economists Twitter has a field day. IT Act may allow seizure of trustees personal assets Business Standard Paywall. Propeople Union budget will be presented on February 1 BJP. Why do you ask what govts doing ask what are you doing Juhi Chawla. Modi may shut Air India by June. Bank Employees Association at Trade Union Strike on how govts plan of bank mergers is against interest of the public. CCI flags concern over ecommerce deep discounts bats for selfregulation. Let me be perfectly honest as an IndianAmerican the rest of the world could care less about your social issues or fights w/ muslims please fix your country first because the severity of everything else is laughable in the context of what the world thinks about you. Thank you.. Abhijit banerjee no evidence that low skill immigrants are bad for economyThe Indian Express. Comments invited on Niti Aayogs proposal on Private Participation in operation of Passenger Trains: [removed]. Lower Consumption Less Credit Led To Decline Of Growth To 5 World Bank. HDFC to invest Rs 250 crore in govtled stressed fund for realty sector says CEO Keki Mistry. Thats all I could have done . India may slap trade curbs on Malaysia for its JampK CAA. PMO Asks for Suggestions as growth dips to an 11 year low: Sir is now wishing for us to be a a 5 trillion dollar economy by 2025 inputs are welcome as well. Stoners doing CA / [M.As]https//M.As in economics now is your time to shine and advocate for the legalisation of di herb. But otherwisethis is a first in a long time. Will they even take the suggestions seriously even think about implementing them or is it just another exit scam before the elections Could it also be a veiled subversion from all the chaos the country has been reeling with https//www.deccanherald.com/national/pmasksforbudgetsuggestionsasgrowthdips11yrlow792385.html. Foxconn denies report saying it canceled new India factory over dispute with Apple. India Official Sees Budget Gap Widening to 3.8 Over Target. Indian Economy Worst In 42 Years Needs An Honest Look. further methods to revert population back to hinduism or buddhism: [removed]. 3 of worlds 10 fastestgrowing urban areas are in Kerala Economist ranking. Present operations and aims of countrys statistical system are at alarming variance with past legacy. Explained The nominal GDP worry. Iran crisis to impact India. Economist C.P. Chandrasekhar Quits Statistics Panel on Reforming Economic Data.  . GitHub Mozilla and Cloudflare appeal India to be transparent about changes in its intermediary liability rules. Young Indians are mature enough to have a conversation on porn. Parliamentary Committee should invite further inputs.: [removed]. Close to tipping point of major recession says Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee. FSDR Bill will demolish Indian Banking sector..  . Xiaomi reportedly registered a trademark in India suggesting RedmiBooks launch soon. Xiaomi reportedly registered a trademark in India suggesting RedmiBooks launch soon. Bharat Bandh on 8 Jan to Protest AntiPeople Policies OnlyScoop. Government of India The growth in real GDP during 201920 is estimated at 5.0 per cent as compared to the growth rate of 6.8 per cent in 201819.. Any idea whats in store for the economy this year: Im talking about the recovery in our economy. As of today core sectors real estate and even PSUs are in distress. The savings rate is still going down. Lots of challenges on the policy front before the government. What is going to be the progress in the near future I dont see hopes from the budget because theres very little they can do now to be honest. The unorganized manufacturing sector is completely destroyed by the influx of Chinese products. Also the agriculture sector is reeling under increasing input costs and the effects of climate change. It is the only sector that has 0 insurance crop insurance payouts are very limited. Other companies like startups etc. can only create a few thousand jobs and even they will have to go into rationalization mode because venture funds which have invested since 2010 need an exit. So whats in store Any hopes for a quick recovery Also is this situation similar to what used to happen in the 1970s and 80s when growth was always slow To me it appears that an importdependent economy like India with a depreciating US INR would suffer more today than in 1980s. Forgive my ignorance if anything I stated is wrong. Please feel free to correct.. Did you know that 5Rs coin u have might be fake More than 100 Crore fake coins are in market: Did you know that 5Rs coin u have might be fake More than 100 Crore fake coins are in market check this video to know how to identify it [https//www.youtube.com/watchv8Sj36Gzt2foamplistPL5WZeqBzYo72fTk9LL45Sg2aMlkVwnAP]https//www.youtube.com/watchv8Sj36Gzt2foamplistPL5WZeqBzYo72fTk9LL45Sg2aMlkVwnAP. PMO Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke with Donald Trump President of the United States to convey New Year greetings.The Prime Minister wished President Trump his family and the people of the United States good health prosperity and success in the New Year.. JNU violence Professor C P Chandrasekhar quits statistics committee. India fears fallout on Chabahar. Government is planning to ask unlisted companies for quarterly or halfyearly financial statements. Is it legal: Ive seen photographs of gods in many government buses offices and other properties. If India is secular isnt it a crime to put pics of gods belonging to some religion inside govt. properties. Indias SelfInflicted Foreign Policy Challenges in 2020. Democracy and Fascism according to Noam Chomsky.. Thoughts and Philosophy of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar: One should not honour only ones own religion and condemn the religions of others but one should honour others religions for this or that reason. So doing one helps ones own religion ato grow and renders service to the religions of others too. In acting otherwise one digs the grave of ones own religion and also does harm to other religions. Whosoever honours his own religion and condemns other religions does so indeed through devotion to his own religion thinking I will glorify my own religion. But on the contrary in so doing he injures his own religion more gravely. So concord is good let all listen and be willing to listen to the doctrines professed by others. Emperor Asoka 268232 B.C.E. [Page 404]https//books.google.com.au/booksid0Bo0Rjlp0QCamppgPA52amplpgPA52ampdqBuddhavadaampsourceblampotswxyYywRjampsigACfU3U3PHODrn1gE9j3vB5a67qUqHs6i7wamphlenampsaXampved2ahUKEwjhm9CIgu3mAhUNfisKHXk9CgI4ChDoATAAegQICRABvonepageampqEmperor20Asoka2026823220B.C.E.ampffalse Thoughts and Philosophy of Dr. B.R. Ambedkar By C. D. Naik. Kia Motors hikes prices of Seltos by up to Rs 35000 Times of India. View Let this be Indias goal for this decade 5000 per capita income by 2030. India could become a 5 trillion economy over the next 5 years. Government doing exact opposite of whats needed to revive economy Jayati Ghosh. The effect of VC funding in India capital deployed could be better used: The kind of money the consumer internet startups are raising in India provides an opportunity to think about effects on the real economy. I mean startups like PayTM have been funded in excess of 14000 cr for providing services that are essentially done for free by the UPI. If you look at China a lot of the VC money has been put into creating factories of the future industrial robots battery tech integrated circuit manufacturing etc. Not 1 paisa of investor money in India has gone into creating any lasting futureproof infrastructure. Amazon did well because they used their profits to strengthen the supply chain. In India only a few ecommerce players are creating infrastructure. The rest are not. Does anyone else think that in a capitalstarved country a lot more long term value could be created if all this money went to build silicon fabs and genuine cutting edge manufacturing for other industries which could be exported globally Yes this does not align with the usual VC model but that model is failing. Almost all the IPOs of the last 3 years have been spectacular flops and it wont be easy to fool the market into buying overpriced shit going forward. For every WeWork and Uber theres a Tesla that actually makes batteries cars and uses the profits to advance its factories and is a long term bet that people are buying into.. Condition of the industries youre in. Is the recession being felt: Are you feeling the impact of the ongoing coresector recession in India Are jobs being lost Also are companies into manufacturing any kind automobiles steel FMCG etc hiring. FRDI Bill To Come Back as FSDR Many Questions Unanswered. We need to act fast to protect the open internet in India.. FSDR bill will demolish Indian Banking Sector. My answer to a proCAA bigot on Quora: [deleted]. Holding pattern. New Plea In SC Against CAA Also Challenges Section 31 Of Citizenship Act Says It Affects Those Born After July 1 1987 [Read Petition]. Something mysterious creature like alien shocked America. the alien was successfully captured on a DVR camera the Americans are in shock. where do these mysterious creatures come from maybe from the dungeons. Request people from all faiths in Hyderabad to join this great March and save our India.: [deleted]. WION Dispatch Bangladesh witnesses reverse migration. Why are Indian politicians discussing Savarkar and Nehru today Were in a recession and this is all thats important: I read a few news articles about who said what about Savarkar. I dont want to share an opinion about whether Savarkar is a Veer or not. But I fail to understand why were becoming history analysts at a time when the Indian economy is sinking. The core sector has been in a recession for long. The agriculture sector is dommed with the dual forces of climate change and a horrible government procurement system. No country in the world including the ones in the middle east are discussing the character of folks who died about 70 years ago. Why is India becoming so addicted to the past.  . . Why are some products such as iPhones available at a lower price in first world nations relative to second world nations such as India How does Import duty/tax affect the pricing. ZEHAR ft. Singga. New Song: [removed]. Book suggestion for understanding MiddleEast/ Gulf Countries Israel amp Palestine geopolitics and their modern history with respect to India. Another from the perspective of Western countries. Would love to read about each middleeast countries own take about the situation.: I really want to get a holistic and nonbiased view. Would like to know more about their main point of dispute wars oil OPEC religion nuclear and civil disputes. So would like to read different books to understand each participants perspective. I would also like to understand what are Indias concern how they affect India and what have been and should be Indias policy with respect to Gulf countries.  . Good economics for the CAANRC times Banerjee Duflos book dispels many of our beliefs about immigration: [deleted]. Petrol diesel prices likely to rise sharply on IranUS tensions. Comments invited on Himachal Pradesh Draft State Sports Policy 2020:  Department Directorate of Youth Services and Sports Himachal Pradesh Deadline 7th January 2020 Source The Tribune Contact id deputydirectoryssgmail.com Document [Draft of Himachal Pradesh State Sports Policy 2020]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2020/01/1576923249.pdf. Visa Conversion: Does anyone know if I can jump from an Indian tourist evisa to an Indian business evisa What would be the process if so Further details \ I am currently in India on a tourist evisa on holiday it has a 1year validity. \ I have realized that I want to start a business. But obviously I am restricted only to recreation and sightseeing activities. \ The business would be based in Austalia. It would be an ecommerce business. \ I would not be registering a business in India. \ I have not registered any business name I do not have an Australian business number I have not sold anything etc. At the moment its just an idea in my head the business. I would greatly appreciate any help. Thanks in advance.. Why Citizenship Act Need To Focus On Unemployment Says Arvind Kejriwal: [deleted]. MNP New Rule For Airtel Jio Idea Vodafone BSNL Users. [XPost /r/ClimateActionPlan] Largest Solar Energy Producers 1983 2018. Look at Indias Progress. US attack on Qassem Soleimani to hit Indias economic recovery say experts. Centre gears up to place restrictions on nonessential imports. Top 10 Countries with Highest Car Production 1960 2019. URGENT Visa Help: [deleted]. Madhya Pradesh 1000 medical college teachers quit to press demands. The protest could hit services in hospitals attached to governmentrun medical colleges.. Need to restrict the right to reproduce. IITK prof Vashi Sharma from Agniveer who reported Faiz poem for being anti Hindu. Why do I find the world so boring . View The mega restructuring of Indian Railways to achieve vision 2030. Steady decline in Ujjwala refills triggers fresh concerns. 2020 vision: What if this year your suggestions were heard by our leaders and they decide to act on them. What is it that you will tell them that will make this country stronger and less divided in the next 4 years. TCS interview process For fresher and experienced professionals. Hikes in rail fare prices of LPG cylinders Modi govts new year gift to people CPIM:  CPIM general secretary Sitaram Yechury on Wednesday slammed the government over the hike in train fares and the increase in the cost of LPG cylinders. The government on January 31 raised train fares marginally by one paise to four paise per kilometer depending on the travel class. It also hiked LPG cylinder rates by Rs 19 per cylinder. Modi govt starts the year. After railway passenger fare hikes another attack on peoples livelihoods. All this in the wake of sharp job losses food price inflation and record fall in rural wages Yechury tweeted. In another tweet Yechury called the rail fare hike New year gift from the Modi government. [India Today]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/hikesinrailfarepricesoflpgcylindersmodigovtsnewyeargifttopeoplecpim163305020200101 Hike in rail fares price of LPG cylinders will put the common man into deeper financial crisis Congress The Congress on Wednesday slammed the Modi government over the hike in railway fares and the price of LPG cylinders saying it will put the common man into a deeper financial crisis. Congress spokesperson Sushmita Dev said the hike comes at a time when the economy is in shambles. Question is when will the travesty going to end Dev asked asserting that the hike was injustice towards the poor people. Is this a fair new years gift to the common man Congress thinks .. [Economics Time]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/73056667.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst The government on December 31 raised train fares marginally by one paise to four paise per kilometer depending on the travel class. It also hiked LPG cylinder rates by Rs 19 per cylinder.. India rejects illegal migrants deal amid fears of mass deportations. 4th grade social science textbook of Central Educational Board of India.. I see your Blore Pune and Goa and raise you my city. This is Guwahati today. Some reasons to be optimistic about the economy in 2020. Nonsubsidised LPG price hiked by Rs 19. How India dealt with forest diversion water shortage and waste management in 2019. Chinas Huawei says survival is top priority as US sanctions bite. 10 bits of real good news even in most dismal times for the economy ep 356. Why you shouldnt donate to the 3rd world. Indian Railways fares hiked Train tickets to cost more from Jan 1 full list of how much you have to pay. Pakistan uses terrorism as tool of state policy Army Chief Naravane. 5 tn economy by 2025 Nirmala Sitharaman unveils Rs 102 lakh crore infrastructure bonanza ahead of Budget. GST woes Nearly 250 Star Export Houses denied refunds. Pak army ad reserves sanitation jobs for a nonMuslims only sparks row Times of India. Hope Army will rise to greater heights under the new Army Chief General Bipin Rawat. Total Tree Forest Cover Increases By 5188 Sq. Km In Two Years India State Of Forest Report 2019. Some good work by Javdekars ministry. With eye on tourists from China India revamps policy India News Times of India. India is failing its young women in terms of work. Both CAA and NRC in Isolation Problematic Together Dangerous. Sustainable Development Goals Kerala retains No. 1 slot Bihar at bottom UP is highest gainer . With regard to poverty reduction states which have done well include Tamil Nadu Tripura Andhra Pradesh Meghalaya Mizoram and Sikkim. On zero hunger Goa Mizram Nagaland Manipur and Kerala topped.. Home loans set to get cheaper as SBI cuts external benchmarkbased rate by 25 bps. The RBI decision came after the regulator noted that the banks were delaying the transmission of reduction in repo rate by the RBI.. Nirmala Sitharaman doesnt understand economy Bhupesh Bhagal at HTLS 2019. Lets not forget the adventures of our dear Nirmalatai. Who is Hindu Meaning amp Definition Faizan Mustafa. Indias Great Slowdown What Really Happened. Top nations by value of exported goods as share of GDP From 1885 to 2014 Countries G20. Indian Railways 150 private passenger trains to run on 100 routes. [OLD] Gurudevs Message on Demonetization of 500 amp 1000 Rupee Notes English Art of Living. Gurudevs Message on Demonetization of 500 amp 1000 Rupee Notes English Art of Living. How Indias Economy Came Back Down to Earth. Petrol price over Rs 75/litre diesel up 18 paise in Delhi. Social political agenda more important for Modi than economy Chris Wood. CAA protests Tourism worst hit 7 countries issue travel warnings. Chennai Rangoli or kolams against CitizenshipAmendmentAct and NRC seen outside homes of late M Karunanidhi DMK chief MK Stalin and DMK MP Kanimozhi. Eight were detained briefly on Sunday for protesting against CAA by drawing kolams reported PTI. Photos ANI. Immigration Official/Lawyers of India Is there any documentation about what constitutes violating visa norms in India: Asking this since I cannot find a single article on the net listing a set of possible violations. Ps Yes this is related to deportation of foreign nationals under the blanket name Flouting visa norms. Kashmir on way to development after Article 370 revocation Amit Shah: [removed]. India Recalls Envoy From Austria For Spending Rs 15 Lakh A Month On Rent. Movement toward Enhancement of Education system through Narendra Modi: [removed]. GDP VS Delhi winters: Right now it seems like the GDP of India and the temperature in Delhi are competing against each other. Kaun sabse neeche girega Kahin jaaiye mat dekhte rahiye.. From AAP Facebook Page. Is the economy in really bad shape. Assam Citizen List Excluded People Spent Rs 7836 Cr On Hearings Report [Aug 2019]. India the inadequate economy is a cyclical phenomenon societykarma. CAA Protests Our son was shot dead by police BBC News. Indian Economy in ICU Will 2020 Be a Better Year for Economy. Times Change But People Dont... Get educated kids. How Indias economy came back down to earth in just a years time. The Delhi Police must stop its facial recognition system:  Tldr As per a [report published yesterday in the Indian Express]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/policefilmprotestsrunitsimagesthroughfacerecognitionsoftwaretoscreencrowd6188246/ the Delhi Police is using a Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS at public congregations. This is an act of mass surveillance and is completely illegal. We wrote to the Secretary Ministry of Home Affairs and Commissioner of Police Delhi demanding a complete halt and recall of the AFRS. Our legal notice sets out its illegality in detail. https//preview.redd.it/flvypu78si741.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps7cf2137a300c6aaed7a2c10d03a2a4589b4c8e32 It starts with low success rate in locating missing children In 2017 a petition came to be filed in the Honble High Court of Delhi docketed as Sadhan Haldar v The State NCT of Delhi \[WPCrl 1560/2017\] for locating and then reuniting missing children with their families. This is an incredibly positive aim which we can all support. Here seems that the Delhi Police and other public authorities were not being able to achieve success. In such a situation they turned to the promises offered by facial recognition technology. The software for the facial recognition system as per the Indian Express report was sourced from M/s Innefu Labs Private Limited which claims [on its website]https//www.innefu.com/lawenforcement/ offers various law enforcement solutions. These include capabilities for a 360 degree monitoring AI driven predictive intelligence solution titled as Prophecy. We shudder at the thought that this is a vendor to the Delhi Police. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/ht4w13g9si741.pngwidth1043ampformatpngampautowebpamps31b908917766a62d0ce78cdc1bee0bc9e9a76f32 However this that did not lead to much success with at least three orders of the Honble High Court recording its dissatisfaction with the facial recognition system as late as August 23 2019. We already know such technologies are highly unreliable and scarce state resources should be used cautiously only after feasibility and rights based assessments. Stepping back since even this High Court case contains no clear direction for the use of facial recognition software even for instances of locating missing children a question arises What is the legal authority under which this facial recognition system is being implemented. Delhi Police must immediately halt mass surveillance The facial recognition system being used in Delhi as per the Indian Express report is disturbing. We have sourced further public materials which though limited confirm the basis of the report. All of these clearly point to multiple illegalities and harms. From building an underlying database of people from public protests to running it on crowds of people attending rallies. This directly impairs the rights of ordinary Indians from assembly speech and political participation. The present facial recognition deployments cause harms that even go further. Due to the high inaccuracy rates coupled with the use of law enforcement it throws up risks of bias that have have a high probability in causing coercive action. These are all harms which stem from a scant regard to the Supreme Courts ninejudge bench judgement in case of KS Puttaswamy v. Union of India 2017 that reaffirmed the fundamental right to privacy. Concerned by this we put the Delhi Police to notice. The notice is extremely detailed and sets out the factual nuances and the several illegalities of the deployment. We are committed to taking further actions and are thankful to researchers such as [Vidushi Marda ]https//twitter.com/VidushiMardaand [Srinivas Kodali ]https//twitter.com/digitalduttafor helping us provide inputs. We cannot win the fight against surveillance alone. All of us need to work together. A google doc version has been made available at the bottom of the page specifically to help you to craft similar notices or consider advocacy actions. Further actions to safeguard you from facial recognition We intend to focus our energies in 2020 on areas of surveillance as a priority. This includes pushing back against facial recognition not only in Delhi but across several cities in India. It builds off our past efforts including our legal notice to the NCRBs procurement of a national facial recognition system [read more here]https//internetfreedom.in/ghost//editor/post/5e077e58c7acab7688a6ae14. From the early days of January we will work actively to ensure that Indias data protection law contains surveillance reforms. This will continue our model framework as proposed under [\SaveOurPrivacy ]www.saveourprivacy.inthat has been used twice by Members of Parliament to file private members bills. If you wish to support our work in 2020 make it stronger and more effective we urge you to donate to us regularly and also share ownership of our work by becoming an IFF member today [click here]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Important Documents 1. Notice to the Delhi Police dated December 28 2019 [PDF link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1GALlcVlnm0Ln4nuAEgLBMr6zeWzn/viewuspsharing and [Google Doc]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1AAKCOYLDQ831WKwHIX1ajiw2mDSHhScMTAC0CtgXPo/edituspsharing 2. Indian Express report dated 28th December 2019 [link]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/policefilmprotestsrunitsimagesthroughfacerecognitionsoftwaretoscreencrowd6188246/ Pollution masks may help but we should not be subject to facial survelliace pollution. Help IFF defend privacy in 2020. [Become a IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Indian Railways 150 private trains to run on 100 routes. Indira Gandhi A victim of Supreme Courts overreach: Hear me out. Supreme court was and still is a festering pool of nepotism most of the judges are sons of old judges. Indira Gandhi tried to change that so the Supreme Court fearing for a change in its settled ways of self profiteering debarred her from the parliament and even from contesting elections. I must say doing this to an elected representative is underming democracy at the best and a coup at worst and supreme Court has no jurisdiction over this. It was because of this arbitrary act of the supreme Court that she later declared emergency. Also P.N. Bhagwati was a RSS supporter and his brother was is a freemarketeer. Indira actually tried to do what the Constitution promised but was stopped by entrenched interests. Comments Please.. GoM constituted to expedite implementation of 69000 cr revival plan of BSNL MTNL Sources. Financial Stability Report RBI Expects Bank NPAs To Rise To 9.9 By September 2020. Minors and other Muslim demonstrators tortured in Uttar Pradesh after being arrested for peaceful procession.. Thats All Folks... The model that worked wonders for Indian economy from 1991 to 2011 isnt working anymore. Explained What is Intermediary Liability How does it affect you. Will 2020 Be a Better Year for the Indian Economy The Quint: [removed]. Amended rules keep hopes alive for 2 IT/ITeS SEZs in Tamil Nadu. The DGCA must take urgent action against the illegal use of surveillance drones.: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/d0dpjmy78b741.pngwidth800ampformatpngampautowebpampsf2e3fa846e143b634379418c3b2b8dc65f3278bf Tldr There has been a growing use of drones by policing departments across India. Quite often these are deployed across peaceful protests to record the movements of people and pose a risk to their privacy. They also may fly close to crowds threatening injury and causing anxiety. These concerns made us look more closely as to their legal framework and to our shock we discovered that these are completely illegal. We wrote to the Office of the Director General of Civil Aviation urging for urgent action. Legality of Drones Last year India has come up with an ambitious regulatory system for remotely piloted aircraft systems drones. This was done under provisions of the the Aircraft Act 1934 and Aircraft Rules 1937. Under this legal framework the the Director General of Civil Aviation DGCA has been vested with exclusive powers to regulate the use and operation of drones read more here. Broadly under it all such drones have to first be under specific makes and models which have been permitted by the DGCA. Secondly they have to be registered as per the regulatory system. As per an answer provided by the Honble Minister of State for Civil Aviation dated December 12 2019 in the Lok Sabha there are only six micro and small drones legally approved by the DGCA. To our shock and surprise this is being flouted by police departments across India. Violations a plenty Yesterday during one of the protests in Delhi one such violation was brought to our notice making us write an urgent letter to the DGCA in the evening. Fundamental right to privacy These violations are in the nature of the use of the drone which is firstly deployed with a camera by the Delhi Police. To our preliminary analysis this would ordinarily conflict with the constitutional right to privacy as laid down by the Supreme Court. It is important to consider that the privacy right under the judgement applies even in public spaces. Such acts of mass surveillance need to be done only on the basis of legality necessity and proportionality. Violation of DGCA Rules Second and more worryingly it seems that the use of such drones is beyond the permitted categories makes and models as permitted by the DGCA. Notably the Delhi police has been found to be using drones manufactured by DJI systems specifically DJI Phantom which are beyond these permitted categories as per the Reply to Question No. 356 as referred above. Based on these violations we swung into action and have written to the DGCA. We demand for a cease to the use of drones by police departments an independent legal opinion and their subsequent confiscation. We are thankful to [Srinivas Kodali ]https//twitter.com/digitalduttafor helping us provide inputs and promting us to take rapid action. Even more broadly this again underscores why a comprehensive data protection law with survelliance reforms is an urgent need for India today. Unfortunately the existing draft data protection has wide exemptions and poorly protects you. We have a better model over at [\SaveOurPrivacy ]www.saveourprivacy.inwhich has been used twice by Members of Parliment to file private members bills. Important Documents 1. Notice to the DGCA dated Decemeber 27 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1DNZykY2XH0Q6MYkywpMnffKor3hmX1/viewuspsharing 2. Reply to Starred Question No. 356 in the Lok Sabha dated December 12 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Q33yDiT1sfAqNiALpFOdX6euPoOoQ0G/viewuspsharing 3. Civil Aviation Requirements CAR issued on August 27 2018 governing remotely piloted aircraft systems [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Qtouoh7cF4l0Q2afIz6AuP7fqvIQPLN2/viewuspsharing Sky rockets in flight afternoon frights Help IFF fight against mass survelliance by drones in 2020. [Become a IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Facing the Reality How Can Modi Reverse the Current Economic Slowdown. WPI Food Inflation soars to a 71 month high in November. Facing fire on quality of data Govt gets critics on board reform panel. Field reports please: I would like to know what peoples experience has been with ppl around them since the protests have started. A few things are plain visible there was a dialogue that was triggered with ppl surrounding me. Although views of the ones who were bhakts did not change the ones who appeared neutral were vocally against modishah this time. I also think that the bhakts around me have their view of invincible modishah has cracked they are also thinking whether they are capable of handling a country or not despite their hatred for muslims still there. What has been your experience with your friends family etc.. The Data Protection Bill only weakens user rights. Indian mentality.: This is something that I wanted to get off my chest. India got its independence in 1947 but even now indirectly we are under the rule of westerners. Let me start with education Our curriculum is such that innovation and creativity is killed we are trained and educated in such a way that we can work under the huge MNCs operated by westerners. Individuality is killed and people are corrupted by the sheep mentality. Higher education is a big joke in this country those who pursue masters and post docs are those who couldnt land a jobmost cases. We still have the slave mindset within us we want to work for someone doesnt matter if you like the job but we will work to get paid.The syllabus was designed by the british and we are still following it. Moving on we have our economy India and Pakistan are the cheapest countries to live in this world not africanot venezuela but India. What this essentially means is that if you go to any other country with the same wealth you possess in India you will become [poorer .]https//poorer.No No wonder Americans use Indians for cheap labour. Even after being the cheapest country to live in we have so many living below poverty line which speaks a lot about wealth distribution in our country. All those who come up with stats regarding GDP please lookup GDP per person because thats what essentially matters. We call ourselves a secular country but ram mandir dispute constantly made headlines. Let me be honest I dont care about who wins regarding this but was this really a priority cant this wait until we have progressed in other important areas our healthcare is in such bad condition the state of the BPL people are pathetic but they want to construct this temple now anyways Im not asking them to build hospitals in the place instead of the temple thats foolishness and makes no sense why cant they spend on healthcare and education first and afterwards think about this temple. The defense budget is 3.18 lakh crore great our army is powerful and is the second largest but what the government fails to realize is that the biggest war is happening inside India. We spend so much preparing for war with other countries that we fail to fight our internal problems. Why cant the budget for healthcare and education be increased by reducing the budget for defense. Now some might argue that countries like USA too spend large o defense but the difference is that they are already developed they dont have much problems from within whereas we are still a third world country. All those media hype surrounding how India is a rising superpower is complete bogus they want us to believe we are making progress so that can make good use of our pathetic situation. The real rising superpower is china just look at their technological advancements. Moving on we have sports The most popular sport in India is cricket. Now let me remind you that cricket was introduced by the british to us and we still play the game widely while they have moved on other sports. cricket is the number one sport only in 2 countries India and pakistan both which were ruled by british. We are indirectly still slaves we play the same sport they gave us even after 100 years. Having a population of about 1.4billion our representation in olympics wont even equal countries which have population less than 10 million. Thats how pathetic is the condition of sports in India. People just dont care dont watch and dont play other sports we simply arent told to do so and so we refrain from playing others only if this mentality changes will we progress in other sports we cant just blame the government for not funding if people arent watching how will they fund. Moving on we have women safety Women safety is a big joke in India Indian culture teaches us to respect women but why is the situation so pathetic. Clearly this is because of lack of education and lack of sex education. We wrote kamasutra but now talking about sex is taboo. Indian schools treat sex as a foreign topic and most schools just outright skips this topic. When you say sex is taboo it increases the curiosity in the mind of people people crave most what they dont get/understand and like adding oil to fire we have all bollywood movies objectifying women which corrupts the weak minded and thus they give in to their sexual feelings. Sex education is important to understand and control ones feelings. I created a Fake facebook id with a womans picture as the profile picture and I got 879 friend requests within a day most of them being indians and I got 100 pms asking me for nude pics. This level of desperation will ultimately lead to them becoming rapists and [molesters. No]https//molesters.No wonder women dislike Indian men. And finally I want to end with bollywood Most of the actors are light skinned and have features similar to europeans.Almost half of the actresses are NRI who eith er lived in england or USA. This clearly shows that we still subconsciously are being slaves we consider light skinned more superior we feel they deserve more respect and this mentality should be changed if we really want progress in our society.. Police Attacked Students With Intent of Maximum Damage Fact Finding Report on Jamia. Petrol prices has risen now I know why.. We say no to redtape and over regulation of cloud services in our countercomments to the TRAI: ampx200B [img]ns6e85qev4741 Tldr Earlier this month we updated you on a submission we made to the TRAI on Cloud Services where it put out a consultation paper that suggested the regulation of cloud service providers through the creation of overseeing industry bodies. We just submitted our counter comments on the paper and thankfully a lot of other groups agree with our stance that this sector does not need more regulation Its raining no its pouring overregulation If you were a little busy this beginning holiday season and missed our post how the TRAI intends to regulate cloud service provider you can read all about it in our [previous post here]https//internetfreedom.in/wemustpreventcloudcartel/. Coming back to TRAIs worrying decision as part of our counter comments as always we created a tabular chart of vital submissions made by each group that responded to the consultation paper and ofcourse provided further comments to each of them. This 40something document is definitely a task to go through but while we urge you to read up on the submissions some of them are really interesting weve got you covered on the most important snippets yes it is a breakdown of who is for the papers main suggestion of regulating cloud service providers and who is against. In favour 1. Cloud Computing Innovation Council of IndiaThe CCICI has broadly shown support toward the paper however it disagrees on a few nittygritties such as the type of category based on which a Cloud Service Provider CSP should be registered. 2. Consumer Care Society and Consumer Protection AssociationBoth these consumer based bodies have indicated that CSPs be regulated with specific suggestions in response to the papers questions on how do so as well. Not keeping in mind the consumers too much eh 3. PayMate Reliance Jio Tata TeleservicesUnsurprisingly Reliance and Tata the telecom based groups have advocated for the regulation of CSPs and although they disagree on the need for the creation of single or multiple bodies they have both maintained that it important to avoid confusion and conflicting agendas. PayMate on the other hand has demonstrated partial support to the extent that it has emphasised on only the need for selfregulation by the industry. Against Out of the 21 submission made a majority has been against the idea of regulation of CSPs. This sections format is slightly different as a large portion of the groups agree on the same points weve put forth some of the important arguments made against the papers intentions. First here are the list of groups that have shown disapproval Asia Cloud Computing Association Asia Internet Coalition Amazon Web Services Broadband Indian Forum BSA Cellular Operation Association of India IAMAI Information Technology Industry Council Internet Service Providers Association of India NASSCOM Telecom User Group India US India Business Council VMware Software India and ofcourse yours truly. There has been unanimous agreement that the CSPs are governed by MEITY this reasoning has been supported by the point that MEITY is tasked with developing policies for information technology and the Internet under the Allocation of Business Rules. We broadly echo and endorse these concerns. You can read our counter comments as well as our initial submission below. Important Documents 1. Counter comments on TRAIs Consultation Paper on Cloud Services [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFVnhXVnUxRkg0VVo1NjBId1MydTduTkdPNE0w/viewuspsharing 2. Initial comments on TRAIs Consultation Paper on Cloud Services [link]https//internetfreedom.in/wemustpreventcloudcartel/ If you believe red tape should be used for wrapping up Christmas gifts but not could services support our work by becoming an IFF member today We are able to our work based off locally grown individual donations from Indians like you. No to redtape and overregulation of cloud services We provide countercomments to TRAI.: ampx200B Tldr Earlier this month we updated you on a submission we made to the TRAI on Cloud Services where it put out a consultation paper that suggested the regulation of cloud service providers through the creation of overseeing industry bodies. We just submitted our counter comments on the paper and thankfully a lot of other groups agree with our stance that this sector does not need more regulation Its raining no its pouring overregulation If you were a little busy this beginning holiday season and missed our post how the TRAI intends to regulate cloud service provider you can read all about it in our [previous post here]https//internetfreedom.in/wemustpreventcloudcartel/. Coming back to TRAIs worrying decision as part of our counter comments as always we created a tabular chart of vital submissions made by each group that responded to the consultation paper and ofcourse provided further comments to each of them. This 40something document is definitely a task to go through but while we urge you to read up on the submissions some of them are really interesting weve got you covered on the most important snippets yes it is a breakdown of who is for the papers main suggestion of regulating cloud service providers and who is against. In favour 1. Cloud Computing Innovation Council of India The CCICI has broadly shown support toward the paper however it disagrees on a few nittygritties such as the type of category based on which a Cloud Service Provider CSP should be registered. 2. Consumer Care Society and Consumer Protection Association Both these consumer based bodies have indicated that CSPs be regulated with specific suggestions in response to the papers questions on how do so as well. Not keeping in mind the consumers too much eh 3. PayMate Reliance Jio Tata Teleservices Unsurprisingly Reliance and Tata the telecom based groups have advocated for the regulation of CSPs and although they disagree on the need for the creation of single or multiple bodies they have both maintained that it important to avoid confusion and conflicting agendas. PayMate on the other hand has demonstrated partial support to the extent that it has emphasised on only the need for selfregulation by the industry. Against Out of the 21 submission made a majority has been against the idea of regulation of CSPs. This sections format is slightly different as a large portion of the groups agree on the same points weve put forth some of the important arguments made against the papers intentions. First here are the list of groups that have shown disapproval Asia Cloud Computing Association Asia Internet Coalition Amazon Web Services Broadband Indian Forum BSA Cellular Operation Association of India IAMAI Information Technology Industry Council Internet Service Providers Association of India NASSCOM Telecom User Group India US India Business Council VMware Software India and ofcourse yours truly. There has been unanimous agreement that the CSPs are governed by MEITY this reasoning has been supported by the point that MEITY is tasked with developing policies for information technology and the Internet under the Allocation of Business Rules. We broadly echo and endorse these concerns. You can read our counter comments as well as our initial submission below. Important Documents 1. Counter comments on TRAIs Consultation Paper on Cloud Services [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFVnhXVnUxRkg0VVo1NjBId1MydTduTkdPNE0w/viewuspsharing 2. Initial comments on TRAIs Consultation Paper on Cloud Services [link]https//internetfreedom.in/wemustpreventcloudcartel/ If you believe red tape should be used for wrapping up Christmas gifts but not could services support our work by becoming an IFF member today We are able to our work based off locally grown individual donations from Indians like you. Petrol diesel prices up again across all major cities. Slowdown Blues Bank credit growth may fall to 6.57 in FY20. According to ICRA even in a highgrowth scenario wherein the second half of FY20 sees the incremental bank credit rise to Rs 6.57 trillion there will still be a 4045 yearonyear YoY decline .. Norwegian woman who reportedly took part in antiCAA protest in Kochi says immigration authorities ask her to leave India. Indias Great Slowdown What Happened Whats the Way Out paper by Arvind Subramanian and Josh Felman December 2019. bank credit Credit growth in FY20 to touch 58year low Report. Fundraising via IPOs plunge 60 in 2019 as economy sputters. IMF paints grim picture of Indias economy. Aadhaar made mandatory for PMVVY pension scheme. Your bank account could be frozen for not filing GST returns Report. Indian Railways Zero passenger deaths reported in 2019 first time in 166 years. Will India lose millions of carbon credits. Indias Foreign Minister Refused To Meet Me. AntiCAA stir Leading crowds to arson violence is not leadership Army chief Bipin Rawat says. Indian Nuremberg law. ALARMING. Indian Railways Zero passenger deaths reported in FY20 first time in 166 years. Indian IPOs Fall to FourYear Low as Economy Falters. Got a new read today. Looking for a long time for a book on the UPA era.. Not Just An Ordinary Slowdown Arvind Subramanian To Prannoy Roy. Harsha Bhogle.. GST Council to set up grievance redressal mechanism for taxpayers. Not Just Any Ordinary Economic Slowdown Arvind Subramanian Tells Prannoy Roy. Explained Transgender Act and how it affects the community. NDA1 Left 300 More Assurances Unfulfilled Than Its Predecessor UPA2. First Modi Government Left 300 More Assurances Unfulfilled Than Predecessor. India may have lost Rs 2.8 lakh crore due to economic slowdown. Komagata Maru An Intriguing Story of Indians Who Tried To Emigrate To Canada in 1914. 7.39 lakh formal sector jobs created in October 2019 EPFO data. Stop Internet Shutdown In India: While I am not sure about the effectiveness of online petition. But is the best way I know to show to government and people that how many people care about this issue. There is so much that depend on the internet. 1. all online transactions directly affect businesses 2. education online courses have deadlines 3. Information/news 4. Views of the nonmainstream media yes that also matter Hiding from the truth does not solve the problem. facing and handling the situation does. [Sign to show your support]https//www.change.org/p/stopinternetshutdowninindianonetbandinarendramodirsprasadrecruiter71030576amputmsourcesharepetitionamputmmediumcopylinkamputmcampaignsharepetitionamputmtermsharepetition While you still can Please feel free to share your views/opinions on the topic here. I personally feel deeply troubled by state of my country specially how administration is handling the situation. ampx200B PS please dont spread Hate.. Decoding Citizenship conundrum. Amit Varma podcast The seen and the Unseen packed with information and insights.. This speech is still true today.. Karnataka gears up as eclipse shadow on solar power. RBI buys 10000 crore bonds sells 6825 crore shortterm securities........[Cutting the Jargon RBI is essentially printing money]. IMF Economist Gita Gopinath Meets PM Modi Lists Key Factor In Economic Slowdown. The 15 most producers of apples in the world Since 1961. Government To Withdraw 72 Companies Of Central Armed Police Forces From JK With Immediate Effect. After a LowGrowth Year Wheres the Indian Economy Headed in 2020 The Wire Business Report. Factual answers to common questions about the CAA amp NRC. Prepared by graduates of the Gujarat National Law University.. Can NRC in turn extinguish claims to properties of the religions mentioned in CAA too: [removed]. NPR is 2nd step of NRC. Cabinet approves funds to update National Population Register. Thanks But... Prashant Kishors Nudge To Rahul Gandhi On National Register for Citizens NRC. Amid NRC fears Cabinet approves updation of National Population Register NPR. Animal Spirits in India Show the Slowdown May be Bottoming Out. India now in the midst of major economic slowdown urgent actions needed IMF. GST fraud of Rs 900 crore busted three arrested in TN. India Now in Midst of Significant Economic Slowdown Says IMF Calls for Urgent Action. A Conversation between an Indian and a CAA supporter.: A Conversation between an Indian and a person who welcomes CAA. Indian Why do you want CAA CAA supporter Their rant Indian It is against the secular nature of our country. CAA supporter How Indian It is discriminatory in nature. Even it allows every other religion except one that is against secularism which is in the preamble of our constitution. CAA supporter That was added during Indira Gandhis rule. That time where was your concern When she was changing the constitution Why didnt you raise your voice then Indian So are you saying secularism is a bad thing CAA supporter Yes. It is bad. This land belongs to hindus. Indian Who said CAA supporter We were here... we were conquered. Now its ours. Indian But Muslims conquered you. So now it belongs to them. CAA supporter Who said We are still here. The Muslim rulers arent. Indian Thats because they didnt force everyone to convert. they did try to make it hard for hindus to live though. But you know Americans conquered America from the natives and are now living instead of the natives. Are americans wrong in what they did CAA supporter See my point Muslims will do the same to us. This is justified against Muslims coz they are the only ones who are like that. They conquer land and everyone eventually follows sharia law. And then everyone will suffer. We are protecting ourselves against them. Indian Yes. Hindus can protect themselves against Muslims. But not Indians. As long as you are Indian you need to follow the laws of india. There was no India before. India is a concept. India was born on 15th August 1947. We were never united as one before. All the provinces. From the East to the West. From the North to the South. All of us united and this gave birth to India. Now we are united. Therefore it is Indian laws we should follow now. Not your hindu laws. The laws our forefathers wrote. They said india was secular. They didnt say the word secular but they said LIBERTY of thought expression belief faith and worship. CAA goes against that. It is providing extra liberty to people of a particular religion. It is giving them special treatment. Our constitution also says EQUALITY of status and of opportunity and to promote among them all. We are equal. And we are free to follow any religion. This amendment is changing the very basic nature of the country. This is what I as a CITIZEN of this country will not accept. This country belongs to me just as much as it belongs to you. Every religious background has equal status and equal opportunity. You have no special claim on this land. All WE have to do is ensure that political parties dont try to change the very fabric of our constitution. You just said that Indira Gandhi added the word secular. And you were so pissed about it. What about this current party The party that is trying to change the very basic nature of the country Giving benefits to particular religions Isnt this what you are accusing muslims of And isnt this the reason you were passing this rule You are doing exactly what the Muslims have been doing. You are doing exactly what you are afraid the Muslims will do which makes you exactly like the Muslims. Its pretty ironic isnt it This country doesnt belong to you nor to Muslims nor to anybody. Whichever religion tries to take over this country we will beat it the fuck down. This country is unconquerable. We have suffered a lot. We have struggled a lot. All of our forefathers went through oppression. We have their blood running through our veins. We know the pain when a dictatorship rule is imposed. First the Hindus... With their sati and child marriage and caste system then the Muslims with their Jizya and temple breaking and conquering mentality then the Britishers there arent enough words to describe what they did to us. And now you guys Again Spouting nonsense about Muslim birth rate and what not. Till 2100 India will still be more than 75 hindu. Muslim birth rate is not as high as it once was. You are spreading this lie that Muslims will take over the land. Stopping what you are saying is completely valid. If Muslims try to take over we WILL stop them. You certainly will and you will find me beside you at that time too. Similarly by saying these things Hindus are trying to take over. AS AN INDIAN CITIZEN it is YOUR duty to stop ANY religion or country trying to conquer us anymore. Now who is being AntiNational Indians or YOU We are everything BUT ANTI NATIONAL. You are anti national. You are trying to change Indias constitution. You are the DESHDROHI. Tldr country will never be conquered by a religion or another country every again.. In Muzaffarnagar police amp the Rapid Action Force not just beat up people to quell CAANRCProtest but also entered their homes destroyed their belongings stole money amp jewelry. First dispatch of the video reports from the ground.. Ohh How the tables have turned.. Say no to overregulation of digital news media.: [removed]. Say no to overregulation of digital news media.: [removed]. The 15 most producers of oranges in the world Since 1961. Say no to overregulation of digital news media:  Tldr IFF has provided its comments on the Registration of Press and Periodicals Bill 2019 RPP Bill which seeks to replace the Press and Registration of Books Act 1867 PRB Act. In its current form the RPP Bill is plagued by definitional confusion and lack of a clearly stated purpose. The RPP Bill neither contains a clear definition of news on digital media nor does it indicate the objectives sought to be achieved by identifying and regulating digital news media. Digital news media is still in nascent stages of development in India and it must not be brought within the ambit of the RPP Bill to merely achieve regulatory parity with print media. We urge the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to start from a clean slate by publishing a whitepaper and conducting public consultation before drafting any regulatory legislation. Definitional Confusion The government has invited suggestions on the Registration of Press and Periodicals Bill 2019 RPP Bill which seeks to replace the Press and Registration of Books Act 1867 PRB Act. According to the notice on the Ministry of Information and Broadcastings website one of the main features of the RPP Bill is that it creates a simple system of registration of epapers. However the Bill does not contain a clear definition of epapers. Section 2k of the RPP Bill defines news on digital media as news in digitized format that can be transmitted over the internet computer or mobile networks and includes text audio video and graphics. This definition is overbroad and it includes posts made by individuals on social media platforms and blogs within its ambit. Including such posts within the ambit of the RPP Bill and imposing a registration requirement on social media users and bloggers is excessive and it would constitute an arbitrary unnecessary and disproportionate encroachment on freedom of speech and expression guaranteed by Article 191a of the Constitution. Further in its current form the RPP Bill fails to clarify whether news on digital media is limited to news organizations which publish news in an electronic format in addition to printed periodicals or if it extends to news organizations which solely publish news in an electronic format such as standalone news websites. The reasons for including news published in an electronic format within the ambit of the RPP Bill must be clearly stated and the same must not be done to merely achieve regulatory parity with print media. Standalone news websites particularly are at a nascent stage of development in India and by reducing the amount of capital investment required to publish news they have democratized the news industry and increased independence and diversity in journalism. Imposing cumbersome obligations on these standalone news websites would increase the cost of compliance and create entry barriers in the news industry. Gotta Start from Scratch The stated objective of the PRB Act was preservation of copies of books and periodicals containing news printed in India. While this may have been necessary in 1867 when the PRB Act was originally enacted the law has outlived its archival utility in the modern digital age with the internet maintaining a record of news and current affairs. Therefore there is a need to fundamentally reexamine the purpose and scope of the RPP Bill which seeks to replace the PRB Act. The Ministry should first publish a whitepaper that identifies existing problems in the news industry and suggests suitable solutions to them. The whitepaper should be made available to the public and comments should be sought from stakeholders about the proposed solutions. Adopting such a process would ensure that the resulting legislation strikes an appropriate balance between the objectives sought to be achieved through regulation of the news and the presss freedom of speech and expression and the publics right to receive information. Important Documents 1. IFFs Comments on the Registration of Press and Periodicals Bill 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1xEBCjtXZHlr4IUJs6WEIpJdQG2cVGyd/viewuspsharing 2. Registration of Press and Periodicals Bill 2019 [link]https//mib.gov.in/sites/default/files/Public20Notice2020for20RPP20Bill2C202019.pdf Dont want to register your blog with the government Help IFF fight against overregulation and censorship by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. PM Modis assertion on NRC signals BJPs intent to put issue on hold for now. Here is what I found out CashBean. Has someone used the app. Please share your experience: [removed]. PMC Bank Scam HC says depositors are partly to blame. FM must slash income tax rates only way to stimulate demand. Happy National farmers Day. We need to act fast to protect the open internet in India.. Each telco losing Rs 1.5 cr daily per state due to net shutdown COAI. CCTV visuals from a mosque in Muzaffarnagar show that cops allegedly tried to vandalise it on the night of 21 Dec when the antiCAA protests turned violent in the area. shadabmoizee reports from the ground. More updates here The Quint. Amaravati farmers need your help please do leave some suggestions or advice in the google forms under the page.. Indian economy is going through a correction process Tata Sons chairman. Save Andhra Pradesh and Amaravathi.: Hello I am from Amaravathicapital of Andhra Pradesh and we need your help. Recently our CM Jagan Mohan reddy has announced that he is going to shift the capital from Amaravathi to Visakhapatnam. The previous govt of ap land pooled 30000 acres of land from farmers of 30 villages and named the entire place Amaravati and announced it the capital the deal with the farmers was that for every acre of land they give for pooling for the capital they would get plots in the capital area of 1/4 the size of what they gave for pooling half of it in commercial and half in normal developed capital area. The farmers gave their lands without any objection hoping good returns and having high hopes for their future generations future. The previous govt Nara Chandra babu Naidu brought in some large investors like lulu group and the Adani group Singapore consortium great plan for startup area much more almost 7000 crores of work has been done in those lands and 35000 crores work is underway. everything was good and happy until Jagan Mohan reddy won. Its been 6 months since jagan reddy became the cm of andhra and not even a single brick was placed after he won. He hates the previous govt and doesnt want nara chandra babu naidus mark on aps capital. this is what he did in these 6 months \stopped all construction works in Amaravati from day 1 \his MLAs saying something negative about Amaravati day after day Botsa Satyanarayana for example. \slowly bring out rumours that Amaravati isnt suitable for capital \assign an expert committeewith GN Rao for advice on a good place for ap capital \announce that ap could have 3 capitals and giving Kurnooljudiciary Amaravatilegislative Visakhapatnamexecutive names before the committee even submitted their report \ the committee submits the report a day after and very surprisingly the committee say 3 capitals and now theyre saying theyll shift the capital from Amaravathi to Visakhapatnam. The farmers who gave their lands are on the roads protesting while the MLAs of this govt say well do whatever we want with the capital well even make 30 capitals even not even center can interfere peddireddy . ycp mla Amaravati is a graveyard botsa Satyanarayana well give away your landsafter 6 years for digging holes and concrete and after the lands lost their fertility we dont want your landVijaya sai reddy its Kammaravathi means its only with people of KammaChowdhary OC caste its just bramaravathi brama dream/illusioneven after all the [buildings]https//twitter.com/mnkcnaresh/status/1208698526588428288s20 such as the MLAMP house NGO buldings Assembly Secretariat and many more The problem with 3 capitals is that Amaravati doesnt have the secretariat Vizag will and without that Amaravati doesnt develop enough to cover the losses of the farmers30000 acres is a lot for just the assembly and 3 assemblies for ap so itll only be used for the rainy season and the deal made when the lands were pooled was that the entire Amaravati will be capital and everything will be run from here. There are a lot of other shit this man has done to our state some of them include \salary for church pastors \giving 90 of jobs to their peoplereddys which was admitted by Vijaya sai reddy \trying to make people not go to Tirupathia very famous Hindu temple by increasing rents etc \promoting trips to Jerusalem \paying people to comment on social media and shit on the opposition called paytm batch \publishing a GO that makes talking negatively about him and his government a crime even on social mediayet he says straight up that he hates a particular group of people \banned several news channels for not obeying to him \replacing colours of our Indian flag with his [party colours]https//www.deccanherald.com/national/south/ysrcpflagreplacesnationalflaginandhravillage771979.html \painting the party colors all over the govt offices and alot alot more what we the farmer protestors of Amaravati are afraid of right now is there are alot of police force coming into our villages like significantly lot of police forces. theyre slowly locking down villages \not allowed to enter into the village without the aadhar card saying you live in that village \not allowing mediasome to telecast protests in Amaravati \not allowing media to enter into the villages \asking for details of peaceful protestors in Amaravati we would very much like some help with where to take this from here. We the farmers of Amaravati ask Reddit for some suggestions and help in taking this issue to the center and finding justice. Were afraid of our lives and we dont know what this psycho is planning to do to us Thank you.. Roti Kapda aur Makaan. An interesting article by Admiral Arun Prakash about why we need to consider indices other than GDP.. Want to be well informed amp did a neutral research on both viewpoints of the CAA/NRC arguments. Need Help.: [https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/governmentreleasesqaonnationalregisterofcitizensnrc/storyxdrAd6jGcOIXTKs0TqNcDN.html]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/governmentreleasesqaonnationalregisterofcitizensnrc/storyxdrAd6jGcOIXTKs0TqNcDN.html ampx200B Ffound a QampA which is linked above. Can anyone help me verify these points. Together we will realise the dream of a 5 Trillion economy. While everyone seems to be all up in arms about CAB and CAA and NRC and whatnot and mostly it seems for the wrong reasons all you Patriots seem to have completely forgotten about the climate crisis the country is facing...and this headline seems to have escaped your attention.. People of reddit who are supporting the CAA/NRC act. How do you justify the financial aspect of the bill: [removed]. Can we even afford NRC amp can people of India afford to pay for legal expenses to get their name on the list when not included. Directed by Robert B. Weide. Some statistics in ET today. Frank assessment of Indias recession and Tais incompetence.. Indian govt trying to stop Reliance Industries from selling assets says report. Suggestions Invited on Draft Cinematograph amendment Bill 2019 Submit by 4th January 2020: Department Standing Committee on Information Technology Deadline 4th January 2020 15 days from 20th December Date extended Contact id comitsansad.nic.in Document [Press release on suggestions invited on draft Cinematograph amendment Bill 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/presscommuniqueonthecinematographamendmentbill2019.pdf. What do you think. Suggestions Invited for forumulating New Textile Policy 2020 Submit by 15th January 2020: [removed]. Comments invited on Draft National Statistical Commission NSC Bill 2019: [removed]. From activist friend I trust with request 2 share URGENT HELP NEEDED. VIOLENCE in Meerut Muzaffarnagar Bulandshahar Rampur Bijnore Firozabad. NEED journalists lawyers activists 2 go 2 some of these places 4 get the ground report provide immediate relief. Ph 919911525155. GDP of Indian States vs Chinese Provinces. Modi govt dumps liberal in favour of holistic in its new draft of education policy. Union Budget 201920 Nirmala Sitharaman budget Speech Explain by omkar sir: [removed]. Banks may ask you for your religion details. Bank KYC Forms Soon to Have Column For Depositors to Mention Religion LatestLY. Advisory to TV channels on reportage of violent protests against CAA. Relatable to todays India: It may help to understand human affairs to be clear that most of the great triumphs and tragedies of history are caused not by people being fundamentally good or fundamentally bad but by people being fundamentally people. Neil Gaiman. More FASTag glitches motorists moan about double deductions. Indian Citizenship Act Evolution. Propaganda And NRIC.:  The 2003 Amendment to the Citizenship Act enacted under the Jameen Samthal Atal Bihari Vajpayee regime for the first time defines an illegal migrant as a foreigner who has entered into India without a valid passport or other travel documents. Given the history of a massive influx of refugees from East Bengal during and after Partition and during the Bangladesh liberation war such a defective definition of illegal migrant amounts to a cruel criminalisation of millions of postPartition refugees. Over 5.21 million persons had registered themselves in Indian check posts as refugees by 1970 Union Rehabilitation Ministry data quoted in The Agony of West Bengal A Study in Union State Relations. Another 9.89 million had crossed over in 1971 according to figures provided by the Indian government to the United Nations The State of the Worlds Refugees 2000 Fifty Years of Humanitarian Action 2000. While most of the 1971 refugees returned to Bangladesh after the end of the hostilities a few thousands did not. In West Bengal where a bulk of these postPartition refugees sought shelter they have not only been absorbed into the socioeconomic mainstream but have gone on to make stellar contributions to nationbuilding. A sizeable proportion of the postPartition refugees include Dalits from the Namasudra and Rajbanshi communities among others. A large majority of the Bengali refugees are Hindus the postPartition refugees also include a section of Bengali Muslims given the specific nature of the 1971 conflict in Bangladesh which was fought over language and not religion. Since none of these refugees had entered India with valid passports or travel documents they have become illegal migrants in the eyes of the law after the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2003. Moreover the 2003 amendment has made it impossible for children born in refugee families to become Indian citizens by birth if either of their parents is deemed to be an illegal migrant. It was the 2003 amendment to the Citizenship Act which also introduced compulsory registration of every citizen of India maintenance of a National Register of Indian Citizens NRIC and issue of National Identity Cards by adding Section 14A to the original Citizenship Act 1955. The Citizenship Registration of Citizens and Issue of National Identity Cards Rules 2003 framed under this law provides for a multistep process whereby a National Population Register will first be created by enlisting all usual residents of India and then Doubtful Citizens identified through a bureaucratic process. Thus the NRIC or nationwide NRC is to be created by eliminating Doubtful Citizens from the NPR. While the NPR exercise was notified and carried out in 201011 under the United Progressive Alliance government the subsequent processes of determination and elimination of Doubtful Citizens was understandably not undertaken and therefore the NRIC not created. Neither the Citizenship Amendment Act 2003 nor the Citizenship Rules 2003 provide any transparent and rational basis of determining Doubtful Citizens. Given such anomalies and the defective definition of illegal migrants in the law which does not demarcate refugees from infiltrators any attempt to create a NRIC through this arbitrary bureaucratic process will inevitably lead to chaos and the eventual exclusion of millions from Indian citizenship rendering them stateless. The Modi government is now hell bent on conducting this exercise across the country. It is noteworthy that unlike in Assam where a cutoff date of March 24 1971 was decided on the basis of the Assam Accord no such cutoff date exists for the nationwide NRIC. However the Citizenship Amendment Act of 2019 itself fails the constitutionality test since it discriminates on the basis of religion making Hindu Sikh Christian Buddhist Jain and Parsi migrants from Bangladesh Afghanistan and Pakistan eligible for Indian citizenship but not Muslims. This militates against Articles 14 and 25 of the Indian Constitution. Moreover as the Intelligence Bureau and the Union Home Ministry officials have made it clear through their depositions before the Joint Parliamentary Committee on the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 such a legislation will benefit only 31313 migrants who have already been issued longterm visas by the Indian government on the grounds of religious persecution in the specified neighbouring countries Report of the Joint Committee on the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 p.39. Thus the claim that the Hindus among the NRCexcluded in Assam would get citizenship through the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 is patently false. The millions of postPartition refugees mostly Bengali Hindus from Bangladesh who carry no documentary evidence of religious persecution in East Bengal cannot get Indian citizenship through this channel. Further the Gorkhas Biharis and Scheduled Tribes among the NRCexcluded cannot and possibly will not claim that they have migrated from Bangladesh Afghanistan or Pakistan. The Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 is not only a nonsolution but also a harmful gimmick which will damage the secular read equality social and religious principle enshrined in the Constitution as we all can see. Prasenjit Bose Restoring a secular notion of citizenship. Dec 06/2019 Prof. Anupama Roy in 2003 wrote The provision for overseas citizenship along with other changes in citizenship rules introduced by the Indian government reveals a trend that reinforces cultural identity and principle of descent and blood ties as constitutive of Indian citizenship. While the provision for overseas Indian citizenship may offer an opening up of Indian citizenship through the introduction of extraterritoriality it occludes block a simultaneous closing of ranks with acquisition of citizenship through birth or by registration and naturalisation becoming more stringent. wrt CAA 2003. EPW Overseas Indian Citizen A New Setubandhan Who is a citizen of India It was the Constitution 1950 that first drew the lines between citizens and noncitizens. Lets deal with the elephant in the room first. The question Can people who migrated from India to Pakistan during partition obtain Indian Citizenship does the ORIGINAL Indian constitution opens a door The simple answer is Yes if we made a law. As far as migration from Pakistan into India was concerned the Constitution Article 7 established that a person having gone to Pakistan after March 1 1947 shall not be deemed to be citizen of India unless after having migrated to Pakistan the person returned to India on a permit for resettlement.. While there is no reference to Article 7 Supreme Court judgments in the early 1960s decided that a person who migrated to Pakistan after March 1 1947 and acquired Pakistani nationality could not claim the citizenship of India. Thus Indian citizenship as manifest in the Constitution at its commencement thus emphasises ethnic ties yet it is also associational in nature disregarding territorially bound determination of citizenship. Now Subsequent amendments in the Citizenship Act in 1986 sought to deal with migration from Bangladesh Sri Lanka and some African countries amendments in 1992 show a strengthening of strands that emphasise descent or being born of Indian parents. While the Citizenship Act of 1955 held that every person born in India on or after January 26 1950 was to be a citizen of India by Birth. From July 1 1987 i e the date of enforcement of the amendment of CAA 1986 every person born in India on or after January 26 1950 but before or after the commencement of the 1986 Act would be a citizen of India if either of whose parents was a citizen in India at the time of his birth. The 1992 Citizenship Amendment Act in turn made it possible through an amendment of Section 4 citizenship by descent for a person born outside India whose father was an Indian citizen by descent only. If his birth was registered at an Indian consulate within one year of its occurrence or the commencement of the Citizenship Amendment Act 1992. Whichever was later. This emphasis on ethnic bonds and Indian origin manifested a move from a relatively inclusive approach to citizenship seen at the time of the commencement of the Constitution towards an overtly ethnic conception of citizenship where descent from parentage of Indian origin became an overriding consideration. Valerian Rodrigues 2005 The late 1990s saw further entrenchment of a notion of citizenship marked by blood ties and cultural ascriptions. Read in the context of the majoritarian politics of the period citizenship became more Exclusive so that while the universe of the Indian citizenship was conceived as allencompassing the entire earth construed as a familial community of membership the Indian citizen was progressively marked as Hindu upper caste and male. One of the most conspicuous manifestations of this was the debate over Sonia Gandhis citizenship whose legal resolution was deemed insufficient as her foreign origins continued to be put forth as proof of her indifferent and inadequate citizenship and also indicative of her unsuitability for holding a political office as the head of government. The category of the overseas citizen of India can perhaps be understood within the framework of this trend that congealed the association between ethnic Indianness and Indian citizenship. Yet there also seem to be present several competing and almost dissonant strands in the framing of overseas Indian citizenship. Ironically while a dominant suggestion seems to be that of the recovery of deterritorialised line of fight separation of culture citizenship which accompanied the commencement of the Constitution the proposed deterritorialisation is both ironic and deceptive. While lifting the denial of Indian citizenship which the assumption of citizenship of a foreign country brought in its wake this continued to be denied to those persons of Indian origin who had made the choice of opting out of Indian citizenship in preference for Pakistani citizenship. At the same time it manifested also a trend followed by several international governments especially those which had integrated in some significant way in an hierarchical world economy and assumed the position of fast developing economies to reach out to their Diaspora in various ways not the least offering them avenues of investment in their countries of origin. The report of the high level/ powered committee on the Indian Diaspora headed by L M Singhvi set up in August 2000 to suggest a framework facilitating interaction with the Indian Diaspora and their association with India in a mutually beneficial relationship incorporated all these strands. Emphasising the deterritorialisation which the Indian Diaspora had come to signify in an inversion of the logic of imperialism the committee declared the Indian Diaspora spans the globe and stretches across all the continents. It is so widespread that the sun never sets on it Singhvi Committee Report 2002 p2 While emphasising the Diaspora numbers estimated to be about 20 million and their distribution across the globe the Singhvi report carefully underscored their common identity ...They live in different countries speak different languages and are engaged in different pursuits. What gives them their common identity is their Indian origin their cultural heritage their deep attachment to India. It is significant that the Singhvi Committee report keeps projecting overseas citizenship as a new setubandhan or building bridges and given the contexts of the emotional bonds and cultural back linkages that the report emphasises this would connote cementing a natural bond. It emphasises emotional needs of the Diaspora as the primary justification for dual citizenship. Under the head culture the report also notes the deep commitment to their cultural identity that has manifested in the component of the Indian Diaspora the members of the Diaspora identify with Indians equally the inheritors of the traditions of the continuous civilisation. Though the Singhvi report pays tribute to the expanse and cultural cohesion of the Diaspora it perhaps seems ironic that it chooses to limit the universe of overseas Indian citizens to specific countries of North America and the Europe and Australasia Australia New Zealand Singapore and Thailand compelling the observation by Fatima Meer a member of the African National Congress that the overseas citizenship of India as articulated by the Singhvi Committee was nothing more than dollar and pound citizenship. That the monetary considerations were never absent even though care was taken not to make them appear primary was the fact that among the suggestions put forward by the Singhvi Committee was the setting up special economic zones exclusively for projects to be undertaken by OCIs PIOs and NRIs. The debate on the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2003 under the NDA government saw a reiteration of this emotional link and desire for closer ties. L K Advani then home affairs minister justified it not only on the grounds of the warm ties the Diaspora continue to have with India and Indian culture but as a measure to bring the Diaspora closer to themselves and to India. The speech Of Dr. Manmohan Singh then leader of the opposition in the Rajya Sabha likewise alluded to emotional ties while also referring to them as a great national reservoir whose knowledge wealth experience and expertise could be tapped for the benefit of our country. The Singhvi Committee recommended that dual citizenship should be permitted within the rubric of the Citizenship Act 1955 suggesting also that sections 9 10 and 12 of the Citizenship Act 1955 should be suitably amended. A bill to amend the existing Citizenship Act was introduced in the Rajya Sabha on May 9 2003 and subsequently referred to the standing committee chaired by Pranab Mukherjee for examination and report. The standing committee report December 12 2003 endorsed the amendment of 1955 to make provisions for the grant of overseas citizenship of India. Significantly it also recommended the introduction of a scheme for compulsory registration of every citizen of India accompanied by the issue of national identity cards. To achieve these objectives the proposed amendment sought to provide for \ Making acquisition of Indian citizenship by registration and naturalisation more stringent. \ Preventing illegal migrants from becoming eligible for Indian citizenship. loved the posters that said nobody is illegal everybody is human \ Simplifying the procedure to facilitate the reacquisition of Indian citizenship by persons of full age who are children of Indian citizens and former citizens of independent India. \ Providing for the grant of overseas citizenship of India to persons of Indian origin belonging to specified countries and Indian citizens who choose to acquire the citizenship of any of these countries at a later date. \ Providing for compulsory registration and issue of national identity card to all citizens of India. \ Enhancing the penalty for violation of its provisions as well as rules framed under it. \ Omitting all provisions recognizing or relating to the commonwealth citizenship from the act. On June 6 2003 the standing committee issued an advertisement in the press inviting public responses. The representations and memoranda received by it can be divided into those pertaining to overseas Indians those concerning persons with ambivalent or illegal membership within the territory of India and those confined to making citizenship more identifiable and precise in the form of legal documents. The memoranda received in the first category ranged from suggestions that endorsed a selective basis of dual citizenship to those that preferred that it should be expanded to include China Sri Lanka Fiji Kenya Malaysia Uganda South Africa West Indies and Zimbabwe. The demands which reflected concerns around ambivalent citizens asked for a more flexible regime of naturalisation and registration and shifts in policy to include Bangladeshi and Pakistani minority refugees displaced persons and migrants who entered India in wake of the 1971 war and Tibetan refugees. The other demands included consideration of giving every citizen a national identity card and identification of religion on citizenship certificates report of the standing committee p6 The Citizenship Amendment Act 2003 made several amendments to existing sections and inserted sections 7A 7B 7C and 7D titled overseas citizens that dealt with the definition and registration of overseas citizens conferred specific rights to them identified citizens rights that did not belong to them and the conditions under which their registration could be cancelled. An amendment to the Citizenship Act 2003 through an ordinance issued in June 2005 allowed the overseas citizenship scheme to cover persons of Indian origin who emigrated after 1950 and were living in any country other than Bangladesh and Pakistan. The extension of the status to other countries is significant since in 2005 overseas Indians sent remittances to India at an estimated 21.7 billion dollars more than what China 21.3 and Mexico 18 billion received. More than half such remittances were by west Asia based Indians with Kerala being the single largest beneficiary. The Citizenship Amendment Act 2003 and the Citizenship Amendment Ordinance and Act 2005 provide for a variant of Indian citizenship which is not quite dual citizenship since it does not provide the overseas Indian with an Indian passport but an overseas citizen card. Conclusions on CAA 2003 Despite the widening of the scope of overseas citizenship the principles underlying the scheme read with the other changes the bill sought to introduce show that the principle of jus sanguinis or descent and blood ties was more important and assumed primacy over the principle of jus soli the principle that a persons nationality at birth is determined by the place of birth. ie bhakt ab kis kis ka DNA check karenge While Indian citizenship after the amendments bringing in the category of overseas citizenship may convey that citizenship is not to be confined to or associated with territory and membership within specific state boundaries implying transnational or deterritorialised citizenship the fact that it is without any reason tied up with descent emphasising Indian origin makes its transnationality a huge suspect. On the other hand Indian citizenship may be seen as having become more rigid and exclusive with naturalisation and registration processes becoming more stringent. The Rigidity is further manifested in the fact that the amended act CAA 2003 / 2005 Ordinance Act places demands on children born of Indian parents abroad who would be automatically citizens of the other country on the principle of jus solis the principle that a persons nationality at birth is determined by the place of birth to register as OCIs immediately upon coming of age. While the issue of choice is made abrupt for those born abroad there is a degree of flexibility for Indian citizens compelled to choose the citizenship of their country of domicile and work who would not lose their Indian citizenship OCI status till the time their registration formalities continue. Moreover deliberations in the standing committee affirming Indias stand on refugees displaced people and economic migrants show a further entrenchment of inflexibility and the expression illegal migrant figures in the Citizenship Act in both citizenship by registration and citizenship by birth categories. Significantly the insertion of this category has made citizenship by birth exclusive and conditional. Hence there is a time frame theyll keep amending the citizenship act every generation and probably subvert the constitution like they did in CAA 2003 Itself and no court caught this executive overreach. While the unamended section 3 dealing with citizenship by birth provided for Indian citizenship to every person born in India after January 26 1950 if either of whose parents are \[was\] a citizen of India at the time of his birth section 3 as amended by the 2003 Act provided that citizenship by birth would accrue to persons born in India where both of his parents are citizens of India or one of his parents is a citizen of India and the other is not an illegal migrant at the time of his birth section 3C Citizenship Amendment Act 2003 The prorefugee protection approach was observed in the case National Human Rights Commission vs State Of Arunachal Pradesh amp Anr 9 January 1996 Protection of life and liberty. We are a country governed by the Rule of Law. Our Constitution confers certain rights on every human being and certain other rights on citizens. Every person is entitled to equality before the law and equal protection of the laws. So also no person can be deprived of his life or personal liberty except according to procedure established by law. Thus the State is bound to protect the life and liberty of every human being. Be he a citizen or otherwise. The Infiltrators and illegal immigrant narrative of BJP RSS Post 2000 The narrative of the illegal immigrant particularly from Bangladesh is rooted in the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sanghs aspiration for Akhand Bharat. The word infiltrator has also been used repeatedly by the Hindu right to refer to Muslim immigrants particularly in Assam these immigrants were treated not as aliens or illegal immigrants but as infiltrators who represent a sinister threat to India. Poor people in south asia running away from their countries are a threat for the RSS. I Wonder why. A substantial body of propaganda texts drafted by the parivars ideologues or supporters outside the fold chillingly solidly and in great detail outlined the supposed manifold dangers of infiltration \[Bharatiya Janata Party 1994 Joshi 1994 B Rai 1992 1993\]. The apparition of impoverished illiterate and bigoted Muslim Bangladeshis migrating en masse as a silent invisible invasion and demographic aggression on India began to loom large \[Joshi 1994 B Rai 1992 1993\]. The Illegal Migrants Determination by Tribunals Act 1983 The Act was enacted amidst allegations that a large number of Bangladeshi Muslim immigrants were being included in the electoral rolls. The Election Commission had asked the state government to identify constituencies with a big rise in the number of voters but the state did not do much. The electorate in Assam had reportedly grown by 10.2 between 1970 and 1971 10.42 between 1971 and 1977 and by a further 10.3 during 1978. The main demand of the Assam movement was detection and expulsion of foreigners in the state. Its focus was on the Bangladeshis though according to some estimates they were only around 40 of the immigrants the rest being from the Hindispeaking region or of Nepali origin. It began as a secular movement of all the Assamese but always ran the risk of turning communal because of the religious slant given to it since most Bangladeshi immigrants were Muslims. The Nellie massacre of more than 300 Bangladeshis in 1983 did give it a communal angle. A VHP leader even said that Bangladeshi infiltration was a Pakistani conspiracy to turn Assam into a Muslim state and that they are supporting all kinds of terrorist activity Staff Reporter Assam Tribune December 23 2001. However now most of the AASU leaders have appealed to the people not to communalise this issue The Assam Tribune July 15 2005 and even told the BJP recently that they would not tolerate such a communal slant. The act applies only to Assam. The rest of India has the Foreigners Act 1946 which puts the onus on the accused to prove his/her Indian nationality. My personal opinion would be the Citizenship Act was constitutionally subverted in 2003/05 itself by Atal Bihari Samthal Vajapayee and Babri Advani and they did all this for the illegal immigrant propaganda. No one bothered to control the executive power wrt CAA 2003/2005 Ordinance Act. The 2019 CAA is not just unconstitutional but also an act of Treason a bunch of criminals betraying the people of India. Ill not be surprised if the passport office turns into a completely private enterprise serving only the NRIs. And i saved the best for the last. For B R Ambedkar human equality is an overriding principle and his writings advance some of the most complex arguments in defence of this principle The ethical norm of human equality makes place for worth rather than birth does not assign people to fixed slots in advance enables struggle against dominance and advances a levelplaying field to all against social prejudices. It is a question of morals. Great empires and small minds go ill together. Edmund Burke.. What should everyone know about CAB and NRC: [removed]. Is this article wrong. Tim Draper billionaire investor shares his views on CAANRC situation in India. And says he might not invest in India after this.. Fitch India Ratings Again Reduces GDP Growth To 4.6 Percent in FY20 Daily Xpress News. Modi Indian economy was heading towards disaster our government saved it: Speaking to ASSOCHAM Modi says his government has saved the Indian economy. \slow clap\ [https//www.youtube.com/watchv2DigwGIkAA]https//www.youtube.com/watchv2DigwGIkAAampt341s. Union Budget 201920 Nirmala Sitharaman budget Speech Explain by omkar...: [removed]. It has begun my dudes. JIO and BSNL are down. Wired connections are still working cant say for how long. Its from MP Bhopal. See you all on the other side.. [OLD]No negative impact of DeMonetisation on GDP growth. smhArnab. Fitch lowers India GDP growth to 4.6 in FY20. PM Modi 56 years back our economy was heading towards disaster our Govt has not only stabilized it but also made efforts to bring discipline to it. We have paid attention to fulfilling the decades old demands of the industry.. Parineeti Chopra Reportedly Removed As The Face Of Beti Bachao Beti Padhao Campaign Post AntiCAA Tweet. Top 7 Initiatives Taken by Indian Railways in 2019: [removed]. We need a transparent and accessible Joint Parliamentary Committee:  https//preview.redd.it/0qma1y76lq541.pngwidth1920ampformatpngampautowebpamps43427885a3d7492d17fb939c531cda5ea0da8710 Tldr The Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 has been sent to a Joint Parliamentary Committee post its introduction in the Lok Sabha on December 11 2019. In the midst of worries of the creation of a separate Committee to avoid the supposed composition of the current Parliamentary Committee on Information Technology we thought it would be best to write to the Joint Parliamentary Committee with a few suggestions on upholding the democratic spirit of this country. High Hopes In continuation with IFFs practice to ensure transparency and accountability from the bodies we engage with our representation to the Joint Parliamentary Committee asks for just that. The current atmosphere in India brings to the forefront more now than ever that the voices of its people be heard that its people be included that it be run by its people. Every ask revolves around this exact theme here are the suggestions we put forth Further civic participation To ensure that the public be given the opportunity to provide their comments on the Bill we ask that the Committee undertake a public consultation. But thats not it we also asked that these responses be proactively circulated with all members of the committee and made public if possible. Maintain inclusivity through indic language versions Citing the good precedent set by changes to the language requirements established by the National Education Policy Draft we stressed that the Committee ensure that the Bill be made available in various regional languages. Make materials public In addition to the comments and counter comments being made public we suggested two additional materials which may benefit from publication when the report of the committee is tabled in parliament. Therefore we asked that the minutes of Committees meetings and any responses made by government ministries and papers which are circulated for the members be made public. Itd just give us an all round understanding of the Bill dont you think Public depositions In continuing with the positive precedent set by various other committees we thought this Committee should follow suit so made sure to request that academics civil society representatives and technologists who can aid in strengthening the provisions of the Bill in favour of the Indian citizens be invited to depose before it. These are smaller beginning steps to ensuring India is given the data protection law it deserves but as always when the going gets tough the tough hint hint its us get going This joy ride will not be easy but we know we can rely on the support of our wonderful community however we need to grow this community in order to materialise the impact we want to achieve. Our goal for the end of this year is to reach 100 members and were currently at 92 Not too bad right Important Documents 1. Representation to the Joint Parliamentary Committee dated 19.12.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1MKVcAN4i0g6NoTBYzySKvgp0mCCSMTX/viewuspsharing Tell your friends and family to become members so we can grow both in support and impact [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Peaceful Protest in Ahemadabad. A Better Alternative Citizen bill Whoever is living in India as on Dec 31 2019 barring tourists registered foreign nationals amp wanted fugitives are Indian citizens irrespective of religion/ethnicity. From 2020 we close all borders to all asylum seekers irrespective of religion.: It is impossible in an unorganised chaotic developing country like ours to even do any documentation. We should just let everyone in India as of today be fully Indian and start afresh. We increase effeciency 100times in Manning our borders with the best technology and seal it off. We dont have space for more people. Obvious exclusions are there.. Its Crunch Time for Indian States Finances as Economy Slows. Half the country is out for protest and this Guy is here with Good news Shameful. Does this CAA protest tells how many Invaders are present in India: If you are Indian why do you fear If your parents were born in India why do you fear if you did not enter illegally in India why do you fear. We need to act fast to protect the open internet in India.. For guys who are still unsure about CAA.: You must have read many news articles by now and if you still think CAA should not be withdrawn this is for you. Can India accept citizenship applications from refugees or immigrants without CAA Yes it already does. Can India kick out illegal immigrants on a regularly basis Yes it already does. If you think someone is illegal immigrant file a complaint to police. What was the criteria for choosing neighboring countries Ill be blunt Muslim majority. Hell if you think about it AFG never even shared actual border with India but is still on the list whereas other countries are excluded. Because if you include lets say Nepal or Bhutan then Islam is a minority there and govt doesnt want to do that. Will granting citizenship to illegal immigrants cost us resources Nothing major immigrants are already in India. CAA applies to guys who came before 2014. Will CAA form the vote bank Yes and not of a good kind. Building a vote bank by lets say giving free bus services to EVERYONE helps the society and helps the politician in winning the election. But if you do that just for one community it only helps the politician. Will CAA change the demographic of an area No people are already here. Why does everyone brings NRC to the discussion when the govt has only passed CAB If CAA was just helping minorities of neighboring countries with no terms and conditions applied then it would have been fine. But its not and NRC is too big an elephant to ignore. Just give me one genuine reason our govt. passed this bill. No one asked for CAA even the guys supporting it didnt ask. What about nationwide NRC without CAA Stupid move will cost us a LOT of resource and will ruin MANY innocent lives. India will be known as dumb kid of the world for decades. Nationwide NRC with CAA Impact will be same as the above but its more targeted towards Muslims. India will be known as dumb and hateful kid of the world for decades. You must have read how this will happen. Why are people confused or dont care I think everyone I know cares. Please dont support CAA.. In Digital India Mobile internet is still banned in Assam..: [removed]. Narendra Modi dreams of Digital India and mobile internet is banned in Assam since 11th December 2019.. This is democracy and this is Digital India.. wow... You cant Ban me for voicing my opinion.: [removed]. MumbaikarsAgainstCAA Javed Jaaferi Speech. Much needed. Protesting Against the Indian Government GroundReport IndiaAgainstCAA. One nation one ration card Centre makes standard format asks states to follow it for issuing fresh cards. Petition Stop Internet Shutdowns in India. Real deshbhakt sikhs of india Cab protest. Does Amit Shah even understand what nrc will cost. Citizenship mayhem is perfect smokescreen for government to hide real economic issues but the clock is ticking Firstpost. Fresh from the Delhi Internet Shutdown. We will fight for your internet.: This post is to let the active reddit community which supports and enriches our work we are working on advancing more actions against Internet Shutdowns. This will build off our past engagements where we have been closely monitoring and advancing advocacy actions around internet shutdowns in India. This includes issuing statements on the shutdown in Kashmir and the NorthEast. Making direct representations to Government Ministries driving public awareness and approaching courts like we did in the Kashmir Shutdown hearings. With mobile internet being shutdown in parts of Delhi we plan on doing more and are examining legal options. We urge you to continue providing us details that be sourced in real time over social media on this twitter thread. It also contains a 5 page brief we prepared for parliamentarians on this issue. You can send it to your friends or family who may be curious on what is an internet shutdown and how it takes plane. Link to twitter thread [https//drive.google.com/file/d/1FM8LTlTjmmlqgqAOZ5jDjt4AyZ86xFpY/view]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1FM8LTlTjmmlqgqAOZ5jDjt4AyZ86xFpY/view. Oyo likely to lay off 2000 people by January end. India Pitching Strongly for H1B Visa Holders. Meanwhile in Manipur its shameful.. Meanwhile in the economy sector. Raghuram Rajan talk titled Indias Economy How Did We Get Here and What Can be Done: A very engaging talk that lays bare the outlay for the Indian economy. Raghu introduced by Arvind Subrimaniam at Brown University. In two parts about \2hours Part I [https//www.youtube.com/watchv06uhetn\P5M]https//www.youtube.com/watchv06uhetnP5M ampx200B Part II [https//www.youtube.com/watchvxR8xGpETAss]https//www.youtube.com/watchvxR8xGpETAss ampx200B .. Citizenship Amendment Act Protest Huge Jam At DelhiGurgaon Border Traffic Curbs Amid Planned Protest. Summary of my understanding of CAA: Heres what I have gathered so far. If I am incorrect somewhere please convince me otherwise. The Big Picture I believe that the ideal goal of this whole process is to create a cumulative registry of Indian citizens. The last time it was done was in 1951 so its long overdue. A country cannot have open borders so this is a way to sort through the last 60 years of data and figure out who is a citizen and who is an immigrant. The goal of the CAA is give refuge to minorities migrants from Afghanistan Pakistan and Bangladesh. [The Citizenship Amendment Act]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2019/214646.pdf This bill has been passed and has now become an act. Provided that any person belonging to Hindu Sikh Buddhist Jain Parsi or Christian community from Afghanistan Bangladesh or Pakistan who entered into India on or before the 31st day of December 2014 and who has been exempted by the Central Government by or under \\\\\ shall not be treated as illegal migrant for the purposes of this Act So basically the act first converts these people from illegal migrants to legal migrants or refugees. Only legal migrants and refugees can get citizenship in India via naturalization if I am interpreting [subsection 1 of Section 6 of the Principal Act]https//indiacode.nic.in/handle/123456789/1522samhandle123456789/1362 correctly. Currently the naturalization process is that you have to be in the country for the past 1 year plus cumulatively 11 out of the previous 14 years. For the previously mentioned group of people it will now be past 1 year plus cumulatively 5 out of the previous 14 years. Seems like out of all the people who migrated to India between 1951 and 2014 all Muslims and people from other religions who came from countries other than Afghanistan Pakistan Bangladesh will be deemed illegal migrants and wont be able to apply for citizenship via naturalization. Heres where Im confused can illegal migrants be considered for naturalization What are the criteria or legal migration What happens to children of illegal migrants who came to India 50 years ago. Situation along LoC can deteriorate Indian Army always ready for escalatory matrix Bipin Rawat. GST Council Meeting Live Updates Lotteries to be taxed at uniform GST rate. India facing Great Slowdown economy headed to ICU ExCEA. Top nations with more population From 1800 to 2019 Including India. On the long illustrious history of protest in India and the moral duty of standing against injustice. Naveen Patnaik supports CAA opposes NRC. More learned people of reddit what is currently happening to Indian Economy How will it effect day to day lives of middle class families students and businessmen: I dont understand Economy and its big words. I want to ask people who understand it how is Indian economy recessing and what will be its effects on day to day lives of normal people. Kashmir sees more than 2.4 billion losses since lockdown group. Modis new era is here. GST Council likely to leave tax rates unchanged. IMF may to downgrade Indias growth forecast significantly in Jan Gopinath. The Daily Fix Sitharamans response on how Indian economy will get to 5 trillion should worry you. No Stay On Citizenship Act Supreme Court To Examine Its Validity. Slowdown stories from Indias heartland. Indias plunging economy Why 20102020 will be remembered as the lost decade. Help decipher this video shared in support of CAA: I have seen this video circulating around [https//www.youtube.com/watchv04eLoIyKAhE]https//www.youtube.com/watchv04eLoIyKAhE The first point of his saying that the CAA law is actually inclusive and not exclusive is wrong since India doesnt have any refugee law setup. Can anyone help me explain if he is actually right in the points he make if not can give me some counter points in explaining why I just want to better inform my friends who might not take the time to actually verify this. Thanks . Sitharamans response on how Indian economy will get to 5 trillion should worry you. Amit Shah No going back on CAA Bill govt firm like rock. Former RBI chief Subbarao cautions against fiscal profligacy. SC rejects PIL seeking minority status for Hindus in some states India News Times of India. India being distracted from the truth by CAB and NRC: CAB and NRC which is meant to marginalise Muslims is the new hot topic of India. Even though these were bills quite unnecessary they have been introduced to blind us from the truth to fight amongst each other instead of questioning the government on real agendas. Why is our economy still down Dont give me bull about global recession it is an event independent of the global recession Why arent we getting new green policies when we are in an event of MASS EXTINCTION where thousands of species are dying every day What measures are being taken to ensure womens safety in our country What happened to mission 2020 superpower Whatever happened to the 5 trillion dollar economy The hens are coming home to roost. Better deliver on your promises BJP. IMF may significantly downgrade India growth forecast in January Gita Gopinath. Preliminary fact finding report on AMU police brutality reads like dystopian fiction. We got this late due to the internet ban. This needs immediate attention for further verfication.. Why tf would the government promote digital everything when youre going to shutdown the internet frequently: They want us to switch to digital for everything despite having crap cyber security laws and measuresfrequent internet shutdowns and no internet etiquette at all.. How Internet Shutdown Affects Our Economy Business Education and Employment A Detailed Analysis. In Jharkhand the digitisation of land records stripped many villagers of their farms overnight. 3 New Capitals For Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Jagan Reddy Suggests. How and why Indian economy is losing its growth momentum The Four Balance Sheet challenge. DealBook Boeing Crisis Could Hit the Broader Economy. Suggestions Invited on Draft Kargil Master Plan Submit by 31st December 2019: Department Administration of Union Territory of Ladakh Deadline 31st December notified on 7th December Contact id email to dclehjknic.in or post to Deputy Commissioner CEO LAHDC Kargil Director Urban Local Bodies Ladakh HQ Leh or Executive Officer Municipal Committee Kargil Document [Draft Kargil Master Plan]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/20180910951.pdf [Layout of the Kargil Master Plan]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/20180910952.pdf [Public Notice of suggestions invited on Draft Kargil Master Plan]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/2019121423.pdf. India slips to 112th rank on gender gap index in bottom 5 on health economic fronts. Here comes the Bill all dressed in Nil SaveOurPrivacy: ampx200B [Poster can be ordered from here and is designed by Kulture Shop. Gifted by Sangeeta Chakrovorty an IFF member who enriches our growing community. Want to become a IFF member Sign up here.]https//preview.redd.it/bx8o8xxj16541.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampscca4aebe390a739778d1c6ea5f558d3c65478e18 Tldr The Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 is here. The arrival of such a Bill is definitely needed however those terrible parts we were concerned about still havent undergone much change and now a few more terrible parts have been added. Just to bring you up to speed weve listed five areas that are pretty concerning. Want to go into some more detail We will soon put out detailed explanations but till then weve added a bunch of links of various other places that have dissected the Bill. 5 issues to watch out in the Data Protection Bill On December 4 2019 the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 was finally approved by the Cabinet. However as has been the case throughout this year the current form of the Bill was unknown until December 10 2019. The Bill was circulated amongst Members of Parliament and of course everyone managed to grab themselves a copy. The Bill made its first public appearance in 2018 but was the subject of much deliberation by the Government ever since and had been rumoured to have undergone substantial additions over this period of time. As we presently possess the Bill in all its supposed glory the disappointment we feel is ofcourse much less glorious. A large portion of the concerns we had with the Bill still remain and continue to occupy a significant need that Indias data protection law should ideally fulfil. We list out five of our major worries some of which will refresh your memories of the previous Bill but also provide titbits of how new provisions only adds to these concerns. Issue 1 Super broad exemptions Exemptions The 2018 Bill provided the State with leeway to obtaining consent for certain aspects such as for the provision of services/benefits and for the issuing of licences certificates or permits. This has received a further seal of approval with this 2019 Bill clearly stating that consent is not required by the State which can exempt any government department by an order. Now imagine the Data Protection Bill being made inapplicable to the UIDAI which holds all our Aadhaar data Does that make sense Therefore the State continues to maintain the same massive control over an individuals personal data and we continue to fear the extent to which it might be pushed. Issue 2 Muddled priorities Preamble While the Bills preamble resembles a rights respecting data protection law a closer look shows its true intentions to benefit from the use of this data. This confused approach in which data protection of individuals is placed on the same level as promoting business and governance interests is not the proper role of a data protection legislation. Such a law is to protect individual people like you and me not promote bussiness or ensure better governance for which other independent policies can be formed. This results in confusion and muddled thinking which reflects in several contradictory provisions in the bill. The Govt wants all the data The new Bill introduces a provision that exempts processing of anonymised data or broadly nonpersonal data. This provision also allows the Government to direct Data Fiduciaries to provide such data. Why Oh because it wants to promote for framing of digital policies. Every time we ask what is nonpersonal data we are given the example of traffic data from Uber or Ola which can be shared for road design and real time traffic management. But surely we cannot approach and build such a broad exemption based of one use case. Can we Sandbox provisions The new bill creates what has been widely considered as a sandbox provision while it hasnt been defined the provision aims to encourage innovation in AI MachineLearning or other developing technology so it provides Data Fiduciaries with the option to fall within the Sandbox provision in order for it to retain data collected by it for 3 years. This ability to play around with personal data to build businesses is done without consent. To us this is really concerning Issue 3 Legitimising unregulated surveillance New additions While the bill does nothing to address surveillance reforms it makes a bad situation even worse. Now this is something weve been harping about for ages neither did the previous Bill or the redraft make an attempt to address the very real threat of surveillance India is currently facing. Instead what does the 2019 Bill do It weakened already existing safeguards that were even slightly applicable to surveillance through additional exemptions. A deeper well Earlier in order for law enforcement agencies to collect and process data it needed to be necessary and proportionate to its interest in the data. However with Section 35 and 36a of the new Bill it now excludes these law enforcement agencies from the application of the Bill. This is for data which is gathered with consent by users whose data now can be easily requisitioned by Government offices in real time. Why Because the Data Protection Bill will not apply to them. Issue 4 The Sarkaari Data Protection Authority DPA No changes We bring this up because the previous Bill was pretty worrying but without a doubt the new Bill found a way to make it worse. The new Bill maintains the composition of the DPA considered the regulator which essentially appears to be under the absolute control of the Central Government as it lacks diverse representation. No good additions This control is now accentuated as a Selection Committee that selects the Chairperson known as the Selection Committee and the members of the DPA have been replaced by individuals of the Executive as opposed to the earlier Bill where they were members of the judiciary were part of the Selection Committee. Issue 5 Voluntary Social Media Verification Everyone gets a blue tick This entirely fresh provision creates a whole new class of data fiduciaries called social media intermediaries. This requires these intermediaries to provide users with the option of getting verified voluntarily. While this is being done in an attempt to battle disinformation and fake news which is frequently spread by pseudonymous or fake accounts there is no clarity as to how this verification intends to crub misinformation. Whats dangerous about it We all know how social media companies thrive on retaining our attention and then make money by profiling and selling our personal data. With legal backing to demand our Aadhaar or any other government ID to be linked to social media they will be able to gather greater information about us. In many ways this will lead to greater and more accurate survelliance and profiling. This directly conflicts with the rule of data minimisation. It goes against Data Protection. Read what others have to say While we bring to the surface these major issues a plethora of new problems have propped up since the Bill was made public. A few other places like [slfc.in]https//sflc.in/keychangespersonaldataprotectionbill2019srikrishnacommitteedraft and [mozilla]https//blog.mozilla.org/netpolicy/2019/12/10/indiasnewdataprotectionbillstrongoncompaniesweakongov/ have listed some of the changes that have been made Click on the links to read what theyve said. But thats not all of our worries not only was the Bill introduced in Parliament on December 11 2019 but it has now been referred NOT to the existing Standing Committee on Information Technology but to a newly formed Joint Select Committee. To understand why were this worried you might want to take a look at these private members Bills based on SaveOurPrivacys 7 Privacy Principles that provide a semblance of what a Data Protection law should be. Here is the Bill by Dr. Shashi Tharoor [link]http//164.100.47.4/billstexts/lsbilltexts/asintroduced/1121.pdf and a recent one by Dr. Ravikumar [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1DReq96eFLsSoKUvK94VCtu2Y1PE97. Our continued actions We intend to do a detailed analysis of these five issues and other linked concerns over the next week weve decided to combine our explainers with an added element in an attempt to keep in real/interesting. So definitely watch this space In terms of engagement and pushing for policy change we intend to pick up a range of advocacy actions and will keep you updated. If you have any ideas on how we can do this more effectively please do reach out We run on donations rather than commodifying your personal data. You can support digital rights and nostalgia. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Indias slow economy is in intensive care says former economic advisor Arvind Subramanian. JamiaProtest Vicky Kaushal Parineeti Chopra Anurag Kashyap Taapsee Pannu stand by Jamia Millia Islamia University students. Comments/Suggestions Invited on Draft National Disaster Management Guidelines Submit by 31st December 2019: Department National Disaster Management Authority Deadline 31st December 2019 Contact id cbtndma.gov.in Document [Draft National Disaster Management Guidelines]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/draftcbdrr41119.pdf. Suggestions Invited on Union Budget 202021 Submit by 20th January 2020: Department Ministry of Finance Deadline 20th January 2020 Submission Link [https//www.mygov.in/groupissue/invitingideasandsuggestionsunionbudget20202021/]https//www.mygov.in/groupissue/invitingideasandsuggestionsunionbudget20202021/. Spirit of the protests conveyed in less than a minute: ampx200B [video]y2v9sbcn55541. Govt has no business to be in business Anil Agarwal. India will become Orwellian State with Personal Data Protection Bill. Data Protection Bill. Dont overlook what is going behind all the chaos..  13 . How do I see the economy slowing down: Every news article I read about the economy slow down is the same. They tall about macro indicators slowing down. No jobs. Low enthusiasm in spending. Et cetera. While Im sure statistical patterns can be made out from the data how do people make statements like even for a Rs 5 product if the consumer is thinking twice before buying it then there is some serious issue in the economy https//www.dnaindia.com/business/reportconsumersthinkingtwicebeforebuyingars5packbritannia2781047 These things are so anecdotal. I mean logic suggests that people who can afford to not think twice about buying a Rs. 5 product still continue to not care. On the other hand the people who do care their decisions would be based on micro factors such as how much money they spent last week or something. HOW IS THIS ECONOMY SLOWING OBVIOUSLY AFFECTING OUR EVERYDAY LIVES Can somebody explain this to me in simple terms. Top 10 reasons for Indian Economy Slowdown. Pigeonholed view. Podcast interview with Chetna Gala Sinha How to Fight Global Poverty. You know whats the sad part By the time next elections come around a wave of patriotic movies celebs endorsing current regime and harm disguised as benefits will take over internet...And our citizens will again forget about everything happening currently.: I just hope this time people dont the way they did last time. Its really smart of them to do this early in the tenure. This time dont forget. issbaarmatbhulna.. RBI operationalized NEFT 24x7 basis from today 1200 am.. The MHA and DOT need to issue advisories against Internet Shutdowns.: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/2bq1k77hlz441.pngwidth1600ampformatpngampautowebpamps1bf0f530a7e8822fe43863c81409a8e7c0a5adac We write this urgent representation to the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Department of Telecommunications on the importance of access to the internet as various states in India are currently facing massive disruptions. To 1. Shri. Amit Shah Ministry of Home Affairs 2. Shri. R S Prasad Department of Telecommunications Dear sir In the backdrop of growing student and citizen protests we write this representation to your offices to emphasize the importance of access to internet services which are witnessing massive disruption across India. As per press reports and as on date access to the internet is restricted in the regions of Jammu and Kashmir Uttar Pradesh Assam Tripura West Bengal amongst others. Internet disruptions are an issue of immense concern and threatens individual rights as well the social goals articulated by the government policy of Digital India. This becomes more important at the time of such protests for two reasons. First it enables messages of calm and peace to be broadcast through social media. This is being done regularly and constantly by protest organisers civil society organisations intellectuals and political leaders. Even Prime Minister Shri. Narendra Modi has used digital means to issue statements on the need for peace and unity are possible as internet remains accessible. Second press reports indicate large scale police excesses toward peaceful protests and the ability to access internet services is vital during these moments of unrest it enables the transparent documentation of events and also creates a level of accountability and restraint in policing responses. We urge your office to consider that due to the large number frequency and regions undergoing internet shutdowns India today leads the world in internet shutdowns. This signals a wider set of legal reforms which must be commenced to the provisions of the Indian Telegraph Act. However at present what is urgently necessary is for the Department of Telecom to issue an advisory to all State Governments which is endorsed by the Ministry of Home Affairs cautioning against indiscriminate disruptions of the Internet. Kind regards Apar Gupta Executive Director Internet Freedom Foundation Important Documents 1. Representation to the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Department of Telecommunications dated 16.12.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1jLWqCZiVNmDdeIDLtrIPkw3z59bZKOIQ/viewuspsharing\] Please support our work Throughtout 2020 we promise to work effectively to prevent internet shutdown and towards legal reforms. [Become an IFF Member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. India should focus on structural reforms cleanup of banks and labour reforms Gita Gopinath. new: [removed]. A little video by these young students from Assam where internet is still being banned by the government. Kolkata is protesting too. Several parts of Bengal does not have internet access.: This is a picture of Seven Point Kolkata today. The protests have spread all across Bengal. Mamata Banerjee has claimed to not let CAA be implemented in Bengal. I have said it before and I will say it again this approach from the govt. to issue an internet ban is a thirdclass act of cowardice. When I heard that they dont let people have access to Kashmir I thought to myself the situation must be horrible there. Thank god I dont live in Kashmir. A few months go by here we are. If we dont speak up now they will not stop here. I dont support any party and am an atheist and I have to say join us in this protest.. Government testing GIMs its secure messaging app. Is Indias Growth Story Over Not Quite. History Shows There Have Been Ups and Downs in the Past Too. Delhi HC issues notice to the government for blocking satirical Dowry Calculator website:  https//preview.redd.it/zuj2deivpx441.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps47464f3fcdf5b97e09acff850616bb4f9b3a9911 Tldr On Tuesday the Delhi High Court issued notice to MeitY DoT and Ministry of WCD for blocking the satirical Dowry Calculator website without complying with the provisions of Section 69A of the IT Act and the Blocking Rules made thereunder. The government has been granted four weeks to file its reply and the next date of hearing in the case is 2 March 2020. In September 2018 the satirical website was blocked by our outrage driven government machinery after a prominent politician demanded its blocking on Twitter. The blocking was in complete contravention of statutorily prescribed procedure and there was no notice or hearing granted to the websites creator Tanul Thakur. When Tanul tried to get a copy of the blocking order by filing an RTI application MeitY refused to even provide that by citing the confidentiality requirement present under Rule 16 of the Blocking Rules. Therefore the petition seeks unblocking of Dowry Calculator and a declaration that Rule 16 is unconstitutional in so far as it applies to owners creators developers and curators of blocked content. Due Process and Right to Satire Dowry Calculator is a satirical website created by journalist and film critic Tanul Thakur which uses humour to mock the social evil of dowry. The satirical intent of the website is evident to anyone who actually uses it with the drop down menu offering options for skin colour like Pitch Black Not visible on a Moonless night and Wheatish Almost white. Would need some fair n Lovely. In September 2018 the website was blocked by our outrage driven government machinery after a prominent politician demanded its blocking on Twitter Read more [here]https//internetfreedom.in/blockingofsatiricaldowrycalculatorwebsitepromptsustotakeactionwhattheblocksavetheinternet/. On Tuesday a Division Bench of the Delhi High Court comprising of D.N. Patel C.J. and C. Hari Shankar J. issued a notice to the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MeitY the Department of Telecommunications DoT and the Ministry of Women and Child Development WCD for blocking Dowry Calculator without following the provisions of Section 69A of the IT Act and the Blocking Rules made thereunder. The government has been granted four weeks to file its reply and the next date of hearing in the case is 2 March 2020. The writ petition challenges the blocking of Dowry Calculator on both procedural and substantive grounds. First the petition highlights that Tanul was not provided any notice or hearing prior to blocking of the website despite it being a mandatory requirement under the Blocking Rules. Second the petition emphasizes that satirical speech is protected by the Constitution and the governments claim that Dowry Calculator could lead to incitement of a cognizable offence relating to public order is preposterous. In addition to seeking unblocking of Dowry Calculator the petition also seeks a judicial declaration that Rule 16 of the Blocking Rules which imposes a confidentiality requirement is unconstitutional in so far as it applies to owners creators developers and curators of the blocked content. Rule 16 was earlier cited by MeitY to decline Tanuls RTI request for a copy of the blocking order. If Rule 16 is partially struck down by the Delhi High Court it would bring greater transparency in the website blocking process and make it easier for website creators to challenge blocking orders in court. Straight from the horses mouth Here is what Tanul Thakur the creator of Dowry Calculator has to say about what motivated him to seek legal redress. gtLast year sometime in September I found out that my website DowryCalculator was banned by the Department of Telecommunication. That information came through an unlikely source a tweet. I got no notification of the ban or the reasons for it from the government. It felt both confusing and baffling not to say quite unfair as well. I also wondered about the written contract between the state and the citizen enshrined in the Constitution through Article 191a guaranteeing the freedom of speech and expression to an Indian national which I felt had been violated. gt gtDowryCalculator does not promote dowry. The website had been around for more than 7 years covered in Indian and international media and a large majority of its users were quick to notice that it was a satire an attempt to punch up. The website was an attempt at subversion to show what avaricious Indian grooms really are a commodity. Over the course of next year I followed the due process filed multiple RTIs to get the governments response to get some clarity on the abrupt kneejerk reaction but got at best only evasive answers. The next best option unfortunately was to approach the court to reclaim my fundamental right as the citizen of a democratic nation. IFF has been helping Tanul since May 2019 with drafting and filing RTI applications and we also assisted with the writ petition. The petition was drafted by Abhinav Sekhri and Vrinda Bhandari and Siddharth Aggarwal generously agreed to appear on behalf of the petitioner for the oral hearing. We are extremely grateful to all of them for their time and effort. The next hearing in the case is on 2 March 2020 and as always we will keep you updated. Important Documents 1. Writ Petition filed by Tanul Thakur [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1PsR6cWacsJZ1PA6FzKKGQBoDlk9rcW9d/viewuspsharing 2. Delhi HC Order dated 10.12.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1F0p6AVoJGXJ8CkWIV5L0HRqbbIYefj9/viewuspsharing 3. MeitYs RTI Reply dated 06.08.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGbGVCOG5TNVF6RDRGXzk5T3VNMlhTQ0E3QUlz/viewuspsharing From 2016 to 2019 website blocking has increased five fold according to MeitY figures. Help us fix this opaque and unaccountable process by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Loan melas recount two different stories. Over 65 lakh patients availed treatment worth Rs 9549 crore under Ayushman Bharat scheme. Let us not forget about the other issues in India. Aligarh police smashing motorbikes outside the university and hitting local reporter. NDTV Adopt WHO Guidelines in all News Reports relating to Suicide. How has the ongoing Economic Crises affected you personally Heres my story.: Let me tell you my story might be long but just wanna put it across. The ongoing Economic Slowdown is of of the main reasons for my over the roof stress depression and anxiety since last 4 months. Im 27 M living in Mumbai with parents unmarried working as a marketing executive for a small scale Steel Structure manufacturing company. Im the sole earner of our family of 4. Dad who is approaching his 60s is jobless since last 5 years and Im the only one whos been supporting my family since then. 6 months ago I cracked a massive 2 crore deal with one of Indias top steel companies which was supposed to bring decent profits to the company I work for. We got the purchase order and delivered the product within a month. As per payment terms credit period was 30 days against delivery. We shouldve received the payment in August as per deal but its December now and still we havent got our payment every time I call their purchase manager He repeats only one line Sir fund issue payment flow is very slow in market Automobile and Steel sectors are down and goes on to assure me that well definitely get our payment once fund issue is sorted out. God knows when thatll happen. And mind you this is not the first time we have worked for them We have supplied them our product many times earlier and their payment was impeccable and on point. Now my boss who happens to be my friend is unable to pay me since last 4 months as all the money has been invested behind this one project along with that credit has been taken from various vendors to complete the same. Our company is drowning in debt and we are unable to take up new projects due to lack of funds. To support my family financially Ive been spending money from my savings which I was saving for my future expenses like marriage and setting up my own business. Im unsure about future now. Im tired of answering my boss about when were gonna receive payment worrying about family and my own future. I think this financial crisis is here to stay for long. This financial crisis has caused me great mental torture one of the main reason being that the Government is not even ready to accept that our economy is fucked up It would have been a relief if they came forward took responsibility and acknowledged the issue. At least that would give me hope that our Government is working to combat the problem and that this financial crisis wouldnt last long and I can set up my own business without worrying about market condition. My close childhood friend married last week I couldnt even gift him what I planned earlier. Had to settle with gifting cheap perfume it was so embarrassing for me. My 31 year old cousin died couple of weeks ago his mother is bed ridden with no husband either and she literally has zero financial support now I wish I had the ability to support her. I dont intend to put blame for my situation entirely on Government but this government surely has a part in it. Theyre busy sorting out very important issues like Article 370 Triple Talaq Ram Mandir CAB NRC etc who cares about unemployment and dying economy itll take care of itself as per some experts. Yeah sure removing Article 370 in Kashmir does put bread and butter on the table of someone living in South India or other parts of the country. Cant believe they were fighting Maharashtra elections in the name of removal of Article 370. Its quite clear this government is impotent and arent serious regarding crisis in life that common Indians like me and you face. Im not a fan of Rahul Gandhi but yesterday he gave a statement that PM Modi should apologize to Indians for destroying economy and it hit me right in the feels He definitely should acknowledge and apologize. Sorry my post quickly turned into rant which I didnt plan to do. If youve reached this far thanks for having patience to read it entirely..  . BJPs ambitious political push shows seriously misplaced priority when economys in crisis Perhaps BJP thinks economic recovery will happen before the next general elections. But this assumption can come unstuck if current directions are not reversed.. Times Now interviews Pakistani Hindu refugees living in New Delhi about CAB.. Watch it before it gets deleated. CAB/CAA NRC and any other legal opinions Earnest call for opinions and reports: Hello r/india Our small but efficient team is trying to report on the developments of protests and agitations in Assam West Bengal and the rest of the NE. But we dont have any personnel on the ground and we cant send anyone out there for obvious reasons. So wed love to hear about any updates form redittors and r/Indians that are verified/verifiable and publishable. Please leave a comment here if you feel like theres a new development that should be broadcast and well do our best to verify and post it immediately. If youre a lawyer political analyst or affected citizen with a critique/supporting argument for the Citizenship Act wed like to take a look at that as well. You can drop me a DM to get in touch. Thanks in advance.. This is what we want right now. Army Chief Bipin Rawat Bats for Leaner and Meaner Force. FASTag compulsory from tomorrow How to buy FASTags from SBI HDFC Bank ICICI Bank. Data Protection Bill not in line with draft Justice Srikrishna The Hindu. MHA stalls Bill to check assault on doctors The proposed Bill was set to go the Union Cabinet soon but the MHA has rejected it saying that no central legislation can be brought to protect the practitioners of one specific profession.. Understanding citizenship act. 10 Hard Facts. [Old]Indias animal economics Is the country an elephant a tiger or maybe even a beehive. [Old]Indias animal economics Is the country an elephant a tiger or maybe even a beehive. superpower2020. Fresh steps to revive the economy on 1 February. Arvind Subramanian Its Indias Great Slowdown economy seems headed for ICU. 7 Things To Know About Ashok Stambh. Cultural factors that lead to corruption in India such sexism dowry and caste system and caste like thinking that make people corrupt money Allow me to elaborate please: Firstly sexism usually directed towards women makes them unable to find as much income opportunities as possible thus putting a lot of burden on men Patriarchy also negatively affects men. Especially younger men compared to the older generations of men who are at the top of this kind of bad thinking and thus driving men to corrupt in private or govt sector. Secondly about dowry and the show off marriage tradition of India you can see where this is going. Having a daughter is considered unfortunate and parents especially fathers corrupt in anticipation of dowry demands otherwise who will take care of his daughter And the wedding tradition of showing off wealth...this also makes family earners corrupt to spend on such events. Thirdly caste system racism and other forms of looking down on others. Now how does this encourage corruption Political parties. They know that these communities are economically deprived and thus the politicians by using coercive methods or cooperating with bureaucrats corrupt money not just for themselves and their families but into party coffers to anticipate elections coming up where theyll use the same money corrupted from govt revenue to flow to economically deprived sections although themselves also taking a big cut so that they get vote banks. A lot of money is given to party workers and leaders to further distribute to masses and make those people distribute it among their families to vote for parties in elections. Its a horrible culture we have and a horrible system that has a cyclic parasitic way of perpetuating bad values. Ecomm gifts prohibited to curb Chinese imports. This Is The Real 56Inch Chest... Telangana Minister On Killing Of Accused. Telangana is a role model in all respects and it has shown it is a role model even in this matter ensuring speedy justice. Every citizen is proud of this the minister told reporters. [6th Dec. 2019]. Andhra Pradesh Cabinet clears Disha Bill to ensure rape verdicts in 21 days. LPG refill declines in PM Modis flagship Ujjwala Yojana cylinders diverted for commercial use CAG report. import as Gift from international ecommercee.g aliexpress etc sites prohibited. So how will now they handle custom duty for small valued items whats your opinion on it how will it impact you all of those are doing international shopping.. Rebuild the fourth pillar Not OC. Moodys Cuts India GDP Growth Forecast To 5.6 For 2019. 4 myths about the Citizenship Amendment Bill explained. Reddit any views on Assam Crises: [removed]. Now that the CAB is Law Signed by President and so many NonNE states being sympathetic towards the refugees it is only fair that rich states like Haryana Punjab Kerala Tamil Nadu Rajasthan etc. take in some refugees too and not burden only Assam and Tripura. Agree or disagree: Theyre not furniture. Theyre humans with human rights that can still be relocated. Maybe we can make a committee appointing law makers in LS and RS two houses of parliament who had voted in favour of the CAB to lead in the logistics involved in relocating them to all the various parts of India that are far richer than Assam and Tripura.. Centre will honour GST compensation payment to states says FM does not specify timelines. Government of Himachal Pradesh invites suggestions for state budget 202021: [removed]. Government inches closer to leasing out 100 train routes to private players. Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe May Cancel India Visit Amid Protests Over Citizenship Act Report. India IIP Data Industrial Production Contracts 3.8 In October Are we in stagflation. Hurr Durr cab antimuslim bjp bad. Hello r/India. Can you provide me with articles/studies that illustrate the loss of jobs and economic slowdown: Hey. I wanted to read up on the economic situation of our country. I have been out of touch lately and would like to read up on studies surveys and articles that talk about the loss of jobs unemployment and other economic slowdown.. Speaking Sanskrit keeps diabetes cholesterol at bay BJP MP Ganesh Singh in Lok Sabha. Lotus on passports as part of security features other national symbols to be used on rotation MEA. Scandal and slowdown Diamond hub Surat latest pillar of economy to wobble. This hilarious reply by columnist/YouTuber Meghnad to PM after he tweeted telling Assamese people not to worry about the passing of Citizenship Amendment Bill.. Nov Inflation at 3Year High of 5.54 Oct Factory Output Negative In yet another data raising concern over the state of the economy retail inflation for the month of November has hit a three year high of 5.54 percent government data showed on Thursday 12 December.. Aadhar mobile number and address updation: So yeah I lost my pan card and in order to reprint it they need valid details associated with aadhar. So now I have to update aadhar details. My phone and address currently on aadhar are older ones and I dont have access to the number. Now I visited a aadhar center nearby and they say it does not happen there. Where the fuck does it actually happen Has anyone done it recently Do banks do it Why is it so difficult I am in Pune btw. And it would really help if someone can answer these questions.. How does the Data Protection Bill affect you. Statement on Internet Shutdowns in the North East: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/hynwgxmoj5441.pngwidth1600ampformatpngampautowebpampscf7770f91c517548c9f9347cc3b1e474c2e9e7da On August 6 2019 we issued a [statement]https//internetfreedom.in/kashmirshutdowns/ with respect to the communication blockade in Jammu and Kashmir. We noted with concern how while it may be most severely impacted the scope of this problem is much larger and felt nationally. Subsequently we coordinated legal teams and organised challenges by two press bodies the Foundation for Media Professionals and the Indian Journalists Union click [here]https//internetfreedom.in/fmpandijusinterventionpermittedinanuradhabhasinspetition/ in the Supreme Court against the communication blockade. In an increasingly digital society an internet shutdown is a shutdown of essential facilities and conveniences such as online banking ride hailing services ecommerce platforms etc. It impacts young students working professionals freelancers small and medium business owners and even senior citizens who today rely on it to reach their loved ones and for information gathering to keep themselves safe. Today we note with concern that internet shutdowns are in place in the States of Assam and Tripura. At the same time the communication shutdown continues in Kashmir with prepaid phone connections and internet remaining suspended. We have discovered through RTI responses from the State Government of Rajasthan click [here]https//internetfreedom.in/rajasthaninternetshutdownorderscontinuetobepassedbyunauthorizedofficials/ and Bihar click [here]https//internetfreedom.in/biharsinternetshutdownordersrevealvaguebutrelativelynarrowsuspensionofmassmessagingplatforms/ that the internet has been frequently suspended in those states too. While we had filed similar RTIs with all other State Governments most of them refused to provide information to us. Such lack of transparency is worrying and these concerns have been echoed even in courts and Parliament. The available orders suggest that internet access is often suspended by unauthorized government officials in a casual manner without adequate application of mind. As to consistent objections which are made on the grounds of such internet shutdowns being precautionary measures to save lives the evidence so far is inconclusive. As noted in a recent India specific empirical study by Jan Rydzak from Stanfords Global Digital Policy Incubator findings imply that information blackouts compel participants in collective action in India to substitute nonviolent tactics for violent ones that are less reliant on effective communication and coordination. While they may sometimes disrupt structured and nonviolent protest this effect is highly inconsistent click [here]https//papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfmabstractid3330413. Hence while the benefits are uncertain the harm to free speech and the ability of people to conduct their lives digitally is certain. We urge the Central Government to consider issuing an advisory on the frequent use of these internet disruptions which are today not only imperilling the ambitious goals of the Digital India programme but are causing incredible hardship to millions across India. We commit to our community and supporters that we will continue to take strategic action to contest internet shutdowns. The Internet Freedom Foundation will fight for the digital rights of all people in India whether they may be in Kashmir Assam Tripura Rajasthan or Bihar. We are with you. Rachita Taneja Trustee On behalf of the Staff and Board of Trustees Internet Freedom Foundation. Chennai Raw sewage leads to toxic foaming of beaches Tamil Nadu Pollution Board TNPCB. The report accessed by Express shows that levels of dissolved phosphate ammonia nitrogen and total dissolved solids TDS are on the higher side..  India is getting ready for its own Digital Healthcare Data Act named DISHA. Cow Verb cause to submit to ones wishes by intimidation. The cow shit has flooded are homes streets schools and institutions. This pledge goes straight through the heart that shaped and moulded many of us.. CAG lifts the lid on cylinder scam under Ujjwala scheme Read more at https//www.deccanherald.com/business/businessnews/cagliftsthelidoncylinderscamunderujjwalascheme784776.html. Top 20 Countries by Military Spending India NO.3: [Top 20 Countries by Military Spending19142018]https//www.youtube.com/watchvB7c8Aq41tVc ampx200B Processing img zlfsocr2p3441.... Top 20 Countries by Military Spending19142018. Indian Economy in crisis. Dont you all here who support the CAB realise that its not just about secularism but also a major a problem of resource strain because illegal migrants whatever their religion with high birth rates will be more encouraged now to come and stay long enough in India to get citizenship: [removed]. The policy of merging Public Sector Banks was a Grave Mistake in Hindsight: During BJP rule many public sector banks were merged with bigger public sector banks the best known case being the Bank of Baroda being merged with two other banks. Now there are rumours and forecasts of some serious problems with the Public Sector State Bank of India. If it goes PNB thanks to this policy of mergers it will also take down the savings and assets of four smaller regional banks that were merged with it in early 2014 most notable being the State Bank of Hyderabad. None of these smaller banks had the inherent problems of SBI. None made loans to Mallya characters. Earlier Indian economic planners were not stupid. They divested risk rather than centralizing it.. You guys are getting paid. Nationwide farmers database will come soon. GST Council meet next week Tax rates of various items likely to go up. Vijay Mallya Faces Bankruptcy Over Rs 10000 Crores In Debt. 2002 Riots Clean Chit To PM Modi Then Gujarat Chief Minister From Nanavati Panel. Visit to be the KING of Knowledge between your Friends and Family For Indians ONLY: [removed]. EasynomicsOf Mao Modi and law of unintended consequences. Breaking News Citizen Amendment Bill Rajya sabha Amit Shah supreme Court PM Modi 11 December 2019. GST Council may go for 3 rate slabs could make phones and air travel pricier. We are failing as a country. Are Indias billiondollar startups too powerful. CAB What Indians Must Know About Sri Lankas Exclusion Each exclusion from this Bill is a thoughtout communal experiment.: [deleted]. Honest Question Why is all this furore and chaos in parliament over CAB and NRC bills We already have a country column in our Aadhar cards which prove our citizenship isnt that good enough: My Aadhar card already states that I am an Indian so why should I meddle or bother with NRC CAB etc. Even if the Aadhar act doesnt consider our Aadhar ID as a valid citizenship proof changing that one simple thing is much easier than bother with these complex and mind boggling acts CAB/NRC dont you think so This whole CAB/NRC thing seems like a distraction and time waste.. 2019 Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee Officially Accepts the Prize in Economics Daily Xpress News. Because of Aadhaar over one million children in India were denied admission to schools. Indias new visa penalty discriminates on religious lines.. No need to worry Anurag Thakur on reports of govt withdrawing Rs 2000 note. Indias lower House passes controversial citizenship bill. New Frontiers of Urban Theory A Global South Perspective Oxford Urbanists. a joke that i read recently: I was coming home it was late 1230 in the night. Scary street dog barking and dark everywhere. I started shouting Onion 5rs kg onion 5rs kg and in fraction all balcony lights were on and they started searching onionwala. I reached home safe and happy. The booming economy on display at Subway . Rajasthan internet shutdown orders continue to be issued by unauthorized officials:  Tldr IFF filed RTIs with various state governments seeking copies of internet shutdown orders issued under Section 144 Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 or the Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services Public Emergency or Public Safety Rules 2017. Besides Bihar Rajasthan is the second state to provide us access to internet shutdown orders. Our analysis of the orders reveals that these orders have been issued by Divisional Commissioners who lack authority to suspend telecom services and many orders were issued in circumstances which do not seem to satisfy the public emergency/public safety requirement under the law. Public Emergency or Public Safety The Two Prerequisites Suspension of telecom services that includes within its ambit shutting down of mobile internet and broadband internet services is carried out under the [Temporary Telecom Suspension Rules 2017]http//dot.gov.in/sites/default/files/Suspension20Rules.pdf on the occurrence of public emergency or in the interest of public safety. The power to suspend telecom services on these grounds can be traced back to section 52 of the Indian Telegraph Act 1885. The question then arises is what constitutes public emergency or public safety in the context of the Telegraph Act The meaning of these terms was first explained by the Supreme Court in Hukam Chand v Union of India 1975 and reiterated in PUCL v. Union of India 1997. In Hukam Chand the Supreme court observed that the occurrence of a public emergency is sine qua non for the exercise of powers under Section 52 and the competent authority must record its satisfaction as to the existence of such an emergency. Further an emergency must be a public emergency and not any other kind of emergency. In Hukum Chand certain telephones in a hotel in Delhi were being used to facilitate illegal forward trading. The Administrator of Delhi authorised the police to take temporary possession of the telephones on the ground that public emergency exists. However the Supreme Court did not accept that this constitutes a public emergency. Affirming the view adopted in Hukam Chand the Supreme Court further elaborated the meaning of public emergency in PUCL as the prevailing of a sudden condition or state of affairs affecting the people at large calling for immediate action. The expression public safety was defined as the state or condition of freedom from danger or risk for the people at large. Therefore the Supreme Court decisions in Hukum Chand and PUCL make it clear that the conditions or the state of affairs which can be considered a public emergency or in the interest of public safety must affect the community at large and every disturbance of law and order does not satisfy the public emergency/public safety threshold under Section 52. Analysis of Internet Shutdown Orders from Rajasthan i Impermissible subdelegation of powers State action which infringes fundamental rights must conform to the proportionality standard endorsed by the Supreme Court in KS Puttaswamy v Union of India 2017 amp 2019. The first prong of the proportionality standard requires that the restriction on fundamental rights must be prescribed by law. The most glaring error in the internet shutdown orders from Rajasthan is the sheer disregard for statutory rules that require telecom suspension orders to be issued by the Secretary Home Department in the case of the State Government or in unavoidable circumstances by an officer not below the rank of Joint Secretary. None of the internet shutdown orders supplied to us have been issued by the competent authority under the Temporary Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. All orders have been issued by Divisional Commissioners. On 2 Sep 2017 the Rajasthan Government had delegated the powers conferred upon the State Home Secretary under the Temporary Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 to Divisional Commissioners. On 28 September 2018 the Department of Telecommunications of the Central Government had warned the Rajasthan Government against delegating these powers to Divisional Commissioners and stated that the Rajasthan Government should reconsider its decision to delegate these powers to Divisional Commissioners and ensure that the Rules are followed strictly. Despite this there are several orders issued by Divisional Commissioners in 2019 suspending telecom services including in the wake of the recent Ayodhya judgement. ii Shutting down criticism of the government by shutting down the internet In a constitutional democracy arbitrary and disproportionate restrictions cannot be placed on the fundamental right to peaceful protest. The internet has transformed the way people organise and agitate against unjust government action. The Arab Spring is a real life example of how the internet and social media have revolutionised the tactics and methodology of collective protest. In Rajasthan there have been several instances of Divisional Commissioners imposing internet shutdowns based on mere apprehension of protest or agitation against the government. For example on 2 July 2019 the Jaipur Divisional Commissioner issued an order to suspend mobile internet services and social media platforms citing law and order concerns because protestors were demanding the arrest of an alleged sex offendor and compensation for the minor victim. Similarly in Sikar District when a bandh was called to criticize the conduct of the police in an abduction case internet services were suspended for 38 hours vaguely citing apprehensions about circulation of rumours. Suspension of internet services in these cases was a clear attempt to prevent any agitation or protest against the conduct of the police. In light of the proportionality standard state action must pursue a legitimate aim. Shutting down the internet to prevent criticism of government officials does not constitute a legitimate aim and such misuse of telecom suspension powers goes against the very idea of a State which respects the citizens right to peaceful protest. Further empirical studies have shown that telecom shutdowns may actually be counterproductive. In a study titled Of Blackouts and Bandhs The Strategy and Structure of Disconnected Protest in India researchers at Stanford University conducted a statistical analysis of network shutdowns in India in 2016 and found that network shutdowns incentivize those forms of violent collective action which tend to be more chaotic and require less communication coordination and preparation than peaceful demonstrations. iii Telecom shutdowns should be the absolute last resort In accordance with the proportionality standard internet shutdowns are permissible only if the intended objective cannot be achieved through less restrictive alternatives. In July and August 2018 Divisional Commissioners in Rajasthan had suspended mobile internet to prevent the use of unfair means in public service examinations for the recruitment of police constables. Prevention of unfair means in examinations does not amount to a public emergency that would impact the community at large by any stretch of the imagination. Similarly in Sikar district the Divisional Commissioner suspended access to mobile internet and social media platforms to foil the plans of a few criminals who were hiding and were in contact through WhatsApp. Issuing telecom suspension orders in these circumstances demonstrates complete lack of application of mind since the objectives could have been achieved through less restrictive measurea like the use of signal jammers in the exam halls or targetted blocking of phone numbers of criminals. Internet facilitates speech and much more The government while exercising its power under the Temporary Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 should balance the impact of internet shutdowns on fundamental rights of citizens with the need to prevent a public emergency or protect public safety. In PUCL v Union of India 2013 the Supreme Court has held that fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution also include ancillary guarantees which make exercise of those rights meaningful and possible. Widespread and indiscriminate suspension of telecom services can have devastating human social and economic consequences. In Digital India access to the internet is an indispensable requirement for access to various other rights such as healthcare education livelihood etc. This [fantastic report]https//www.livemint.com/mintlounge/features/insidetheinternetshutdowncapitaloftheworld11575644823381.html by Asmita Bakshi from the Mint spells out the human cost of internet shutdowns in Rajasthan which deprive Uber drivers of their daily earnings prevent diagnostic centres from functioning effectively and deny students the opportunity to register for exams. As the use of the internet becomes increasingly impossible to extricate from our day to day activities there is an urgent need to reconsider and reform a legal regime that allows arbitrary and disproportionate use of technological kill switches. This post has been authored by Yaqoob Alam a legal intern at IFF and edited by IFF staffer Devdutta. Important Documents 1. Internet shutdown orders received from Rajasthan Government [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1WAsTryzPoG31U0vMBB4XN4v4XvBd/viewuspsharing 2. DoT Letter to Rajasthan Government [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGUDZsN0Vkc1NNcFFIX0ZsS0hDWDhjRmpHQ0cw/viewuspsharing Technological kill switches and trigger happy government officials are a deadly threat to our fundamental rights. Help IFF demand strict compliance with the minimal safeguards available under the law by [becoming an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate. Economic slowdown Indians are drinking less as liquor makes way for onions. With the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha will secularism be reduced to just another word in the Indian Constitution that people just flip over The Quints Rohit Khanna asks.. Indias New Cyber Security Policy Needs Your Feedback: Hey Guys The Government is drafting a new cybersecurity policy before it drafts the policy it needs our inputs on what the policy should contain take a look and share your feedback [https//www.civis.vote/consultations/70/read]https//www.civis.vote/consultations/70/read This policy will govern Indias cyberspace from 2020 to 2025.. Its a slippery slope. Comments/Suggestions Invited on Draft Comprehensive Mobility Plan for Bangalore Submit by 6th January 2020: Department Directorate of Urban Land Transport Deadline 6th January 2020 30 days from 6th December 2019 Contact id cmpcommentsbmrc.co.in Document [Draft Comprehensive Mobility Plan for Bangalore ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/cmpreport05122019.pdf. TRS opposes Citizenship Amendment Bill in Lok Sabha and will do so in Rajya Sabha too. India is expected to witness 7 surge in job creation Healthcare IT and ecommerce to hire over the next six months. Indias problems were always bigger than Modi. Jay Jagannath Again a proud moment for Odisha people.. Why Do You Hate Muslims So Much Owaisi Tears Apart Copy of CAB. Those Who Believe Religion Should Determine Nationhood That Was The Idea Of Pak Shashi Tharoor. Oh I will.... Modi govt likely to slash school education budget by Rs 3000 crore citing funds crunch. Bid to spur consumption Save less spend more is new social security mantra. An AllIndia National Register of Citizens Will Be an Economic Disaster. Indias problems were always bigger than Modi started much before 2014 Business Standard News. Will consumers cut back their spending on FMCG goods to pay higher telecom bills. Kill Rape Culture Not Rapists. Raghuram Rajan on how to fix the economy:  Professor of Finance at the University of Chicago Booth School of Business and former RBI governor Raghuram Rajan offers his prescription to revive the distressed Indian economy. [https//www.indiatoday.in/magazine/coverstory/story/20191216howtofixtheeconomy162536420191206]https//www.indiatoday.in/magazine/coverstory/story/20191216howtofixtheeconomy162536420191206. As Onion prices reach near 200 rupees lets perform our obituaries on Operation Greens: I know most of you have forgotten but not me. Remember 2018 budget A massive 500 crore was set aside for Operation greens a massive scale operation that would in the words of the government emulate Operation flood. Yojana march 2018 budget edition noted that the production and consumption centres will be linked properly and necessary logistics support will be created for movement of TOP crops. New warehousing and processing facilities will be added with the help of FPOs. Incidentally FPOs with a turnover of over 100 crore were also eligible to tax exemption It also spoke of e markets for demand supply mgmt of these crops Considered the scheme to be a turning point in doubling farmers income. As part of price stabilisation measures if prices fell below preceding 3years average market price at the time of harvest the evacuation of surplus production from the producing area to consumption centres were to be undertaken. A dedicated agency would also be formed to monitor market intelligence provide demand forecasts and be an advisory to farmers on future prices in relation to TOP crops in order to monitor the supply scenario and implement timely market intervention where necessary. Well I dont even know whether to laugh or to cry I see they were giving demand supply forecasts and maximizing profits for farmers as well as optimizing demand supply equilibrium. And yes. We have overtaken operation flood by now I guess. Onions are costlier than milk so there was a big brain 3D move chanakaya style move which we petty Indians fail to see.. UP Government Plans Cow Safaris For Better Safety Upkeep Of Stray Cattle. Over 180 contracts worth Rs 1.96 lakh crore signed with Indian defence industry since 2014 Govt. Raghuram Rajan on Indian Economy: How to Fix the Economy Cover Story News https//wwwindiatodayin.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/www.indiatoday.in/amp/magazine/coverstory/story/20191216howtofixtheeconomy162536420191206. Effectiveness of Indias Justice system in fighting rape With stats and records given in the link below. With economic deprivation happening and people made poorer in Kashmir due to the very long lockdown the Govt expects more peace and less civil strife and less crimes to be there in the future in Kashmir This is ridiculous.... We are moving towards a harassmentfree taxation regime Nirmala Sitharaman. Will soon streamline GST regime for all assessees Nirmala Sitharaman. The tearjerker Onion prices cross Rs 200/kg. Economy sans economists. Raghuram Rajan on how to fix the economy. Try to do little Reasoning about whats happening around us and the encounter case.: Ok the reason why that encounter was wrong because after this people wont have faith in judicial system which is already much less seeing so many rape cases are pending. They should give rapist the worse punishment that is ever possible like electric shock black water punishment or something like the report movie punishment based on true events[ its as inhuman as rape] or something like the Russian sleep experiment experimentyeah thats the worst I could image. But this will all be justified if it actually happened in this encounter case they admitted to police so its maybe seems like its the right thing But what if it was a simple hello to a girl or something about your face which make a girl feel uneasy enough to acuse you of molestation. What will you do then Theres a video of Biswa Kalyan rath about English and reproduction. Around 230 he goes if theres a molestation charge him people will totally believe it. He will get the opposite of benefit of the doubt like somebody will go Biswa molested a girl omg omg surprise surprise rapist face bc ek Kya Mai ginata hu I can count 7 situation where he was like molester. I know it sound like a joke which it is but theres not much to differentiate between a joke and a statement nowadays. r/NotThePyaaz is full of it. Some of you will say this encounter case was an exception but so was that Ryan school Delhi case where police probably chose the easy way and then there was a CBI investigation so it turns out to be totally something elseplease somebody comment source of it. Its messy. If theres a pressure from media and people then who is stoping these police from choosing the easy way. How much do you trust police if everyone is against you and you just as a common man with no power or money not good enough to hire a lawyerSounds like dictatorship where somebody who is definitely not you can choose what can happen to you over few claims or actionslike Alladin. Cases like the kasab one does show faith in democracy which was appreciated by media all around the world. I gave those examples just to prove the point and please dont accuse Biswa of anything or criticize him for his humor. Thank you.. Try to do little Reasoning about whats happening around us: Ok the reason why that encounter was wrong because after this people wont have faith in judicial system which is already much less seeing so many rape cases are pending. They should give rapist the worse punishment that is ever possible like electric shock black water punishment or something like the report movie punishment based on true events[ its as inhuman as rape] or something like the Russian sleep experiment experimentyeah thats the worst I could image. But this will all be justified if it actually happened in this encounter case they admitted to police so its maybe seems like its the right thing But what if it was a simple hello to a girl or something about your face which make a girl feel uneasy enough to acuse you of molestation. What will you do then Theres a video of Biswa Kalyan rath about English and reproduction[here]https//youtu.be/zkq5tyksRMc. Around 230 he goes if theres a molestation charge him people will totally believe it. He will get the opposite of benefit of the doubt like somebody will go Biswa molested a girl omg omg surprise surprise rapist face bc ek Kya Mai ginata hu I can count 7 situation where he was like molester. I know it sound like a joke which it is but theres not much to differentiate between a joke and a statement nowadays. r/NotThePyaaz is full of it. Some of you will say this encounter case was an exception but so was that Ryan school Delhi case where police probably chose the easy way and then there was a CBI investigation so it turns out to be totally something elseplease somebody comment source of it. Its messy. If theres a pressure from media and people then who is stoping these police from choosing the easy way. How much do you trust police if everyone is against you and you just as a common man with no power or money not good enough to hire a lawyerSounds like dictatorship where somebody who is definitely not you can choose what can happen to you over few claims or actionslike Alladin. Cases like the kasab one does show faith in democracy which was appreciated by media all around the world. I gave those examples just to prove the point and please dont accuse Biswa of anything or criticize him for his humor. Thank you.. Tourist Numbers Down as They Are Now Served Cabbage amp Chillies Instead of Onions Goa Minister. RBI is Planning to Launch an Indian Cryptocurrency. PMO to keep a tab on what opinion pieces columns say about Modi govt policies. Indias construction property industries in trouble says Raghuram Rajan. new GST rates GST rates set to increase as council eyes major revamp. JIO MERE LAAL. Made this for r/mapporn States compared to countries by GDPPPP in 2019. Kumar Mangalam Birlas statement about the countrys economy now said We have come close to the abyss.:  Kumar Mangalam Birla said that there should be fiscal prudence in the business but at present a fiscal policy is also needed which will help in tackling the recession.. In a land without Internet How the communication blackout is forcing young entrepreneurs out of Kashmir Valley. Ah shit here we go again.: GST rates set to increase as council eyes major revamp https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/gstratessettoincreaseascouncileyesmajorrevamp/articleshow/72410952.cms. Economy in a mess Raghuram Rajan lists 5 burdens that Modi govt inherited from UPA Business News. Industry estimates that nontelecom companies may have to pay about Rs 2.28 lakh crore. Onion Prices Shoot Up To Rs165 Per Kg Centre To Import. Digital India vs Digital Pakistan Which one will be more successful: Recently PM Imran Khan of Pakistan has launched the Digital Pakistan programme. We have the Digital India initiative. Which of the two would be better Realistically how impactful will either of the two be on the economy in the next 5 years. Mine is practical and better. Now we got a reason to cry when we cut onions. GST a failure has government just admitted it. Cops Weapons Not Showpiece Fiery Parliament Debate On Rapes. Raghuram Rajans plan to fix the Indian economy. Raghuram Rajans plan to fix the Indian economy. Delhi to get three new govt hospitals with over 1900 beds.. Vodafone Idea will shut shop if there is no government relief KM Birla. A day like this when art amp real life come together is no cause for celebration. Very hard to miss the alarming similarities.. Hospitals cannot hold back patients body over unpaid bills says Maharashtra public health department. We must prevent cloud cartels.:  [img]9o9h25cqxy241 Tldr The Telecommunications Authority of India TRAI invited comments up until December 4 2019 on a consultation paper that suggested a framework for the registration of industry bodies for cloud services providers. IFF sent our submission which primarily questioned the mandate of the TRAI in creating such a framework it then points out the concern of cloud cartelisation that would result out of regulation suggested and finally the broader issue of selfregulation that appears to coat the essence of the paper. The TRAI has no Jurisdication Cloud service providers CSPs provide information technology services which are largely supervised by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology under the Information Technology Act 2000. As these services use the telecom infrastructure which is regulated by the Indian Telegraph Act 1885 and the Indian Telegraph Rules 1951 the TRAI appears to use this to draw within its ambit the regulation of cloud services as well. However our submissions emphasize on the distinction between the two and clearly state that any regulation should fall with the authority of MEITY to which the TRAI should not be able to frame binding directions. Should not be allowed to create Cloud Cartels Having set out the authority we looked closely at the suggestions put forth by the consultation paper it indicates that cloud service providers should be regulated through notforprofit industry bodies. This is a cause of concern as it involves registration requirements and even numerous conditions of which one specifies that only cloud service providers above a certain threshold are permitted to become a member. There is even a suggestion that the creation of industry bodies be based on the categories of cloud service providers. Why is this a bad thing The entire process of the creation of industry bodies for cloud service providers effectively brings to the fore the real possibility of cartelisation and its resulting anticompetitive effects. Our submission points out that the inclusion of entry and recurring fees which may be based on financial turnover will not only make it far more easier for large service providers to obtain better control over the market but will automatically exclude smaller providers from the same industry circles especially those that financially constrained. If you observe further the paper also tends to only cater to industry bodies and the CSPs it includes without considering its impact on the Indian consumer. Or selfregulate The established industry bodies have been recommended to curate a Code of Conduct that will aid in laying down mandatory standards and guidelines that CSPs will be required to adhere to. The essence of this code of conduct looks a lot like a selfregulatory mechanism. Irrespective of industry sector our thoughts on selfregulation remain consistent there is lack of legal form that binds any requirements put forth and the additional lack of formal oversight continues to be one of the major drawbacks. While these major initial submissions were made we informed that aspects such as data cybersecurity and consumer safeguards continue to remain concerns that require regulation by legal frameworks and cannot be goverened through selfregulation. Important Documents 1. Comments on the TRAIs Consultation Paper on Cloud Services [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1OEjEfAHgRx4yX5pWeluMtCq7wMJe9zt4. While on one hand people are celebrating the death of culprits involved the the recent Hyderabad rape case on the other habd yet another horrific incident happened to the Unnao rape survivor. WE HAVE STILL FAILED AS A COUNTRY.. Salute to you Hyderabad police Every state should follow the same procedure for these demons. CAG report says Delhi government maintened surplus revenue over the last 5years: [removed]. All 4 Accused In Rape Murder Of Telangana Vet Killed In Encounter. Four accused in Hyderabad vet rapemurder case killed in police encounter reports ANI India NewsThe Indian Express. Congrats India The NRC tamasha has succeeded in distracting us from the economy and women safety.: I watched a few news channels Ndtv et now wire and everyone is debating the NRC bill. This damn bill failed in Assam and any sane person knows it will flip all India. Yet all the media is going gaga over it. Meanwhile onions are costlier than chicken and even RBI slashed our growth forecast. No one is pressuring the govt about the economy anymore. No one talks about women safety. And the cycle continues. I wonder when Indians would collectively boycott this distraction mechanism by ignoring channels that dont show whats the most important concern of the day. Once the YouTube views and Traps fall for even a week these media houses will focus on the real issues. The bjp has succeeded yet again in distracting us. Maybe we are too stupid to care.. Dr. Niranjan Hiranandani Cofounder and MD Hiranandani Group speaks about the GDP situation in India.. Why Wont Judges Agree to Disclose Details of Their Assets. GST compensation Kerala threatens to go to SC as seven states ask Centre to clear dues immediately. Members of Parliament have agreed to do away with all canteen food subsidies in Parliament. Today in Business Advisory Committee Speaker proposed and all agreed. Right now 17 Cr is annual food expense in Parliament. [Prasar Bharati News Services via Twitter]. Who else agrees. Comments invited on Govts proposal to setup agency to conduct Common Entrance Test for Group B and C posts Submit by 2nd January 2020: Ministry of Personnel Public Grievances and Pensions invites comments on the proposal to set up a specialized agency to conduct a Common Eligibility Test CET to shortlist candidates for appointment to Group B NonGazetted posts certain Group B Gazetted posts Group C posts in the Government and equivalent posts in instrumentalities of the Government. Contact id [asesttdoptgov.in]mailtoasesttdoptgov.in Deadline 1st January 2020 Draft document [Govts proposal to setup agency to conduct CET for Group B and C posts]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/englishnraxwdb0.pdf. Kashmir economy suffered losses of Rs 15000 crores since August Trade Body. Centre to promote farm machinery to achieve diverse utilisation of mechanisation. DSC Pendrive Coaching. Indias emissions in 2019 2.6 billion tonnes to be only 1.8 higher than in 2018 significantly lower than the 8 growth last year. The lower growth in emissions though desirable is only a positive fallout of the slowdown in the Indian economy.. [ELI5] What is given in the article and how is it related to the slowdown. GST regime proving to be troublesome for States. How Amit Shah removed SPG cover of Sonia Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi with just 40 words. Comments invited on Draft order mandating linkage of mobile numbers with Vehicles Submit by 1st January 2020: Ministry of Road Transport amp Highways invites comments on Draft order mandating linkage of mobile numbers with Vehicles. Deadline 1st January 2020 Contact id [jspbmorthgov.in]mailtojspbmorthgov.in Draft document [Draft order mandating linkage of mobile numbers to vehicles]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/draftordermandatinglinkageofmobilenumbers.pdf. Union Cabinet approves Personal Data Protection Bill to be introduced in this session. India Justice Report Ranking states on police judiciary prisons and legal aid Surveys and Reports [Tata Trusts 6 November 2019 ]. Are there any hidden charges for the Kotak 811 digital account: Im planning to make a digital account for only payments. My main purpose will be using the provided virtual debit card on international websites like aliexpress gearbest. I would like know are there any hidden charges for the Kotak 811 digital account Like virtual debit card topup charges annual maintenance charges I have stated my purpose of this account. My usages will be purely digital transactions i wont be using a physical debit card branch withdrawal/deposit etc services. Share your experiences with kotak 811. Do you recommend them PS do i need to do full KYC for international transactions . Pound surges to twoyear high against the euro: [removed]. Parliament passes bill to give ownership rights to residents of unauthorised colonies in Delhi. Onion 150 a kilo O: People were just asking the price and going back in the local veggie shop today. Onion being a basic commodity in Indian food its unimaginable to think of not using them but even that is happening now. Even imported onion from Turkey is being sold at 130/kg amp they are huge in size get 4 bulbs per kg as per tv news. How come there is no thread created on this point here Earlier a govt fell because of high onion prices. What is going to happen next. Antitrust and Zeroprice Digital Platforms. Chinese research vessel expelled by Indian warship for operating in its waters. Bombs in Sri Lanka shootings in America Similar levels of violence but a different take in travel advisories. Why diesel demand is contracting in India.  . 355 infrastructure projects showing cost overrun overall cost overrun Rs 3.88 lakh crore Centre tells Lok Sabha. Share your feedback Registration of Press and Periodicals Bill 2019 this Bill replaces the procedure for registration of media orgs amp online media: The Government has drafted a new Press and Periodicals Registration Bill. This Bill replaces the procedure for registration of media organisations that has been functioning in India since the last 152 years. Read more and share your feedback today [https//www.civis.vote/consultations/69/read]https//www.civis.vote/consultations/69/read Perspectives on the Bill [https//www.thequint.com/news/law/draftpressregistrationbillexplained]https//www.thequint.com/news/law/draftpressregistrationbillexplained [https//www.medianama.com/2019/11/223indiaputsnewbillforregulatingmediaupforpublicconsultationsomeissues/]https//www.medianama.com/2019/11/223indiaputsnewbillforregulatingmediaupforpublicconsultationsomeissues/. Govt crackdown on epharmacy. GST revenues not enough for States compensation Centre. Is There An Atmosphere Of Fear In Corporate India Newstrack With Rahul Kanwal. Mandiir Wahi Banayenge.... Rape against children in India up by five times in 20 years. The report states that the absolute number of reported rapes against children has increased approximately five times between 1994 and 2016 adding that violence particularly on younger children has also gone up. [July 19]. Onion prices to skyrocket likely to touch Rs 150 per kg in Kolkata. In most markets of the metropolis the vegetable is being sold at Rs 110130 per kg which is expected to rise to Rs 150 a kg if wholesale prices are any indication.. Are we in the deleveraging stage: This happened earlier back in 2009 when the repo rate dropped down to 4.75 of course we saw the same kind of thing happening all around the world .Today we can see the same thing world wide but its hitting India harder. What do you think might be the reason behind this Will the repo rate go down more How much do you think are the big defaulters accountable for thisAnd how is it that we are looking at a similar trend just after 10 years of the great recessionDo you think the RBI and the government are doing everything they can to curb this crisis. 13 interesting facts about Russian Economy. 11 Interesting facts about Chinese economy. Hyderabad Rape Why those asking for instant death penalty for the accused are wrong. Believe it Pakistan More Attractive Destination for Global Investors than India Says Moodys. Can i use HDFC netsafe virtual debit card for shopping on international websites : can i use HDFC netsafe virtual debit card for shopping on international websites Im planning to use it on Aliexpress .. When onion is stronger than Dollar OC. UGC invites comments on Draft Fees Regulation 2019 Submit by 11th December: [removed]. Suggestions invited for the formulation of the National Cyber Security Strategy 2020 Submit by 31st December: Regulator National Security Council Secretariat Deadline 31st December 2019 Contact id pdscybernscsgov.in Submission link [https//ncss2020.nic.in/]https//ncss2020.nic.in/. Railways operating ratio at 98.44 per cent in 201718 worst in 10 years CAG. How do I go about changing name variations in official documents Aadhar PAN Passport etc: Hi there /r/india My mom and I have Aadhar card and Bank A/C etc under different name variations surname in some others do not have surname only the initial and the first name. Im also applying for PAN and Passport. We want to mostly keep the first name and the initials as our names in these documents. What is the procedure to get the name change done Will this affect things later on for example while getting my passport as my marksheet has my first name and surname Some people have mentioned a legal document may be necessary but I have no clue how to go about it. Information on how to go about it and the caveats if any would be nice. Please let me know if I must include any information. TLDR looking for advice on how to handle the situation where there are different name variations surname vs no surname in some documents like bank A/C Aadhar etc vs. others and want to change them all to a proper one.. God save Indias economy ExFM Chidambaram on BJP MPs GDP remark. Dubey had said that the Gross Domestic Product GDP has no relevance and it should not be treated as Bible Ramayan and Mahabharat.. MBBS admission in Russia: [removed]. Earths Temperature Likely Marks Hottest Decade on Record Report. ALERT HDFC Banks Net Banking app down for 2nd day due to technical glitch services disrupted. Rural poverty has shot up NSO data shows. Real Talk Indias economic future is screwed and no one can do anything about it: Im starting this based on an assumption that the only way for lowermiddle income countries like India to prosper is through a manufacturingled exportoriented economy. This is the only proven model of prosperity in the 20th and 21st centuries. This manufacturing cant be just any kind. It has to be low skill highvolume in order to employ a large number of people. Indias current manufacturing pattern is mostly filled with highskill low employment products like jewellery medicine cars and software. Its far easier to train 10000 people to make iPhone accessories than it is to get them to make cars. But this kind of highvolume low skill manufacturing isnt coming to India regardless of any policy push from the government. A few reasons why ampx200B 1. Competitors in SE Asia a have specialized in certain products like garments in Bangladesh b have fewer roadblocks to investment from the populace they are autocracies or pseudodemocracies and c have a cultural affinity with China such as Vietnam which makes it easier for Chinese manufacturers to move shop there. 2. Businesses are built on relationships not just policy leverage. Policy makers dont get this because very few of them have ever run businesses. By now American businesses have had decadelong relationships with their Chinese manufacturers. These Chinese manufacturers are now building factories in Vietnam Laos and Cambodia. If you were an American business who would you rather partner with an unknown entity in India or the Vietnamese arm of the Chinese manufacturer you know and trust 3. Supply chains are hard to build and harder to optimize. If you wanted to be a manufacturing power in 2020 you would have had to start work for it in 2015 not 2019. Weve lost that moment. 4. Indias regional inequality means that the states with cheap labor Bihar UP are also the states where no one wants to invest in because of law and order problems 5. Indias democracy means that everything becomes much more challenging for a manufacturer land acquisition labor issues etc. Vietnam meanwhile can bulldoze whatever the hell it wants to bulldoze and put up a red carpet for manufacturers. 6. And this might be a biased personal take but Ive felt that Indian manufacturers dont have business competence. Ive tried to build products in India as well as China. Our Chinese partners treated us as a small company that might later be a big company and gave us that respect and priority. Our Indian partner treated us as a small fry and was more keen on getting shortterm profit than build a longterm relationship. I feel that the moment where India could be a manufacturing power is past us. Without manufacturing youll have a situation where ampx200B 1. The state has to spend more and more on welfare to tackle unemployment among a young population 2. To pay for this welfare the state will increasingly overreach in tax collection. Youre seeing this already where a small section of the population pays nearly all the taxes. 3. The small portion of people who have good jobs will be increasingly resentful of their taxes being spent on welfare. This coupled with environmental issues will accelerate brain drain and capital flight. 4. Without the capital and manpower employment generation will be even slower forcing the state to squeeze even more. If the welfare dole stops it knows there is going to be widespread unrest. 5. All this welfare will tax the state exchequer more and more. Were seeing this already the government has hit its fiscal deficit target for the year in just 7 months. 6. One the welfare dole stops tens of millions of unemployed angry poor people will only do what they can do revolt. ampx200B Or is there a silver lining to this cloud. Police Raid Seal Office of Madhya Pradesh Newspaper that Reported on Honey Trap Scandal. Ten steps to 5 trillion Lesson from RCEP fiasco is that India must execute bold reforms to become competitive. This article is what I have been meaning to write about myself as its something I have been observing in Mumbai itself among the same groups mentioned in article. I have observed an increase in the number of people with disabilities who are begging in the local trains and around the train stations.. Indian Railways Earnings Margins Fall To Worst In 10 Years Says Auditor. Amazon and Flipkart face growing anger of 7 crore Indian shopkeepers. What is up with the economy of this country Why is this recession: I really do no understand what has caused the downfall of GDP recently. Every sector has took the hit. Aviation has taken a huge toll Air India struggles everyday to pay for its employees Jet Airways is done for. Telecom sector is no better except for only Jio. VodafoneIdea have a debt of over 50000 crores while BSNL is sending home more than one lakh employees. Automobile industry is in breakdown mode resulting in falling sales and lesser investments. Research institutes are barely granted less than a percent share of GDP clearly supporting the braindrain and also depriving India of good research and brilliant researchers. Honestly why is this \ Weak economic policies \ Is it demonetization \ Too many freebies \ Unskilled laborers \ Poor intercontinental export management \ Unproductive workforce \ Corruption Can somebody shed light on this Feel free to explain in detail.. Almost lost my job: Just wanted to rant out a bit. Almost lost my job today. I work for a pretty reputed service based MNC. We were told that 100 people in our department were let go even people with 10 year of loyalty to the company and other 100 lucky people who were supposed to be fired were transferred to different departments. I somehow got saved though was transferred to a new department. The thing is this kind of thing never happened in my company since 2004. And I just have 1 year of work experience. So if i was fired I would have definitely not got a job as i am no longer a fresher. And no company will hire someone who just have 1 year of experience. Even for the basic entry level job they want 36 year of experience in relevant field. So literally relieved at dodging a bullet as well as scared.in which our economy and job market is going. GwaliorPulmonologistUjjwal Sharma: [removed]. Comments invited on Cinematograph Amendment Bill 2019: Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information and Technology is inviting comments on the [Cinematograph Amendment Bill 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/12/cinematographamendmentbill2019.pdf. Deadline 15 days from 29th November Contact id [comitsansad.nic.in]mailtocomitsansad.nic.in. Parliament LIVE Ready to Make Law That Entire House Agrees to Says Rajnath Singh on Telangana Vets Rape. How Indian regulators have cost you money. Maharashtra to put 80 Quota in private sector for local sons of the soil. Airtel Voda Idea and Jio to hike mobile data tariffs by up to 40. Tariff hike for Airtel and Vodafone will be effective from Dec 3 while for Jio the new rates will be applicable from Dec 6. China set to introduce mandatory face scans for all phone users. Opinion Is the Modi government about to grasp the nettle of reforms. Modi vs Workers Destruction of Protective Labour Laws Begins NewsClick [ July 31 2019]. Guys Im a citizen of India. I wanted to give out a very good recommendation to all people about a major problem here in India. I may not succeed alone but all people spread out a message to everyone that every woman should carry a teaser gun if allowed in your country because of major rape cases.. Real growth is around 1.5 Modi wants only Yes Men not me Subramanian Swamy before GDP figures were released. 5 Trillion Dollar Indian Economy Is It All Lost The Answer Is NO. When the bird of gold fell Indias 18th century history can be instructive for the present provided the right lessons are learned. Bengaluru restaurants remove Onion Dosa from menu after price hike. India Plans to Invest 1.39 Trillion in Infrastructure to Spur Economy. Policing in India Reforms needed: Let me be frank I have limited knowledge of the organizational structures of the police departments in India. As far as I know they are not a monolithic structure and they fall under the purview of the states and yet they are connected at the top. There is a central Indian Police Service that allows the transfer of IPS officers from one state to another. This colonialera system of policing has been a huge bottleneck to police reforms as states themselves cant do away with this system and they cannot drastically change the policy of their state and not employ IPS officers in their state police departments. Thus the policy of policing falls partly under both the central and state legislations. There are a common set of problems that the senior police officers complain about to justify their incompetence 1. A sizeable part of police personnel deployed for the protection of ministers and other VIPs makes the police force lack an adequate amount of people needed for proper policing. 2. Policemen are unfit lack ethics and apathy yet there is no way to rectify their behavior. 3. The budget allocation for the police departments is low. These are difficult problems but they needed to be solved to prevent our society from falling into an immoral abyss. I have a few suggestions for these problems 1. Put the protection of ministers and VIPs in the hands of a central police force like the CRPF. Doing so will not only free up a lot of personnel from the state police but this will also reduce the pressure of the state police budget as the central budget funds central forces. 2. Make a separate department in the police force whose job is to perform public service like helping a woman stranded in the highways reach her home safely. Attend to trivial cases such as domestic disputes and those where armed police officers are not required. Put all the unfit or the unethical officers in this unit along with others. This unit of the state police is to act as the soul of the police department which it currently lacks and improve the image of the police department. 3. Make some of the police work such as towing of brokendown vehicles providing ondemand security etc. paid services such that some extra revenue is generated. Put strict fines on lawbreakers to supplement the state police budget and deal with corrupt police officers strictly. Offloading of police protection of ministers and VIPs to central forces will help offload a part of the budget expenditure.. Government to spend Rs 100 lakh crore on infrastructure projects Nirmala Sitharaman. Policy GDP at 4.5 per cent time for FM to go for broke. 12 global companies evinced interest to shift base from China to India FM Sitharaman. Youre Creating an Environment of Fear Rahul Bajaj to Amit Shah. Dr. Priyanka Reddy could have called police instead of sister Minister Mahmood Ali. Owner of Porsche worth Rs. 2 crore fined 9.8 lacs in Ahmedabad Gujarat for breaking traffic rules. Why is the current slowdown not a recession: Hi there As far as I know a recession is characterized by two consecutive quarters of economic decline. And Indias quarterly GDP constant market prices growth rates as released by NSO are Q1 2019 8 Q2 2019 7 Q3 2019 6.6 Q4 2019 5.8 Q1 2020 5 Q2 2020 4.5 Thats 6 consecutive quarters of decline. Am I missing something. 7000 engineers graduates apply for 549 sanitary worker posts in coimbatore city municipal corporation. Amid Indias Declining GDP Growth Rate Will the Dream of 5 Trillion Economy be Fulfilled. Corporate tax cut effect 12 global firms evinced interest to shift base from China to India. India to become 5 trillion economy by 2024 Amit Shah. India to become 5 trillion economy by 2024 Amit Shah: [deleted]. Tamil Nadu Sisters Who Lost Rs 40000 In Note Ban Get Monthly Pension. New NTRO Vacancy Out 201920. REVERSE GDP .. . Uttar Pradesh Infant Mortality Numbers Being Covered Up Reveals CAG Report. GDP ke bure din [Translation GDPs bad days]. View With growth this bad India needs more than luck. Our economy can wait: The rape of Dr. Priyanka Reddy that took place in Hyderabad should be the final straw. Everybody says it is everytime something so harrowing occours but nothing is done about it. The only way forward is the death penalty. I read a slogan today which said I live in a country where a girl isnt safe inside or outside the womb and that speaks volumes. Everywhere I see people are debating about it. Some places they dont even address the issue. This is not the time for a debate. This is a time of action. If we dont act now its only going to get worse. She was a doctor a veterinarian. She cared for animals and what happened to her shouldnt be done to your worst enemies. The rapists need to be punished in such a way that simple death should look like paradise. Fear should be instilled in the hearts of those who live and breathe these inhumane actions. Alas Im just a simple man with a simple job but all of us together have the power to right the wrongs. I have a sister I have a mother. If the government of my country cant protect its own women then us as a collective have to do something about it. Flay the rapists.. Data as body. UK witnesses increase of 63 per cent student visas from India. People who know economics and our economy. Is our country in the brink of being something like Venezuela: GDP is going down recession is looming in the air. And the government is not even acknowledging it. Is this how it happened in Venezuela and other countries that have hyperinflation. Indias GDP growth falls to 4.5 lowest in 6 years. Why India Banned 86 of its Currency. 4.5 bloody fucking 4.5: Last time when we hit 5 NS brought up bank mergers as though its gonna solve any problems but there is one basic issue that remains as discussed below. Try to attack the logical flaw in my argument rather than me. Modi Govt. regime has brought more people and money into tax bracket. Post demo and GST Govt. revenues stand at 27 lakh crore in 2019 as opposed to 13 lakh crore in 201617 Src [https//www.indiabudget.gov.in/]https//www.indiabudget.gov.in/. So essentialy more money is transferred from private to Govt. This might look good on paper. Remember the economy did not double in the last 3 years but taxes sucked out sure did I am ignoring inflation for academics but you get the idea. But in a demand driven economy like India if you suck so much money out theres got to be a crisis. This is a fundamental issue in Modia. Modi should have reduced taxes with increase in revenues. But he spent the money lavishly in infrastructure with Gadkari many times in places many times completely motivated by politics where the ROI is so piss poor. Essentially that money which would have created jobs spurred growth is being snatched and spent recklessly with zero forethought. This is the Tuglaq way of driving economy to ground. The opportunity cost of the money is too fucking huge and Modi should ideally reduce the taxes and stay the heck away from a lot of money. Digression And I am pretty sure most of the infra projects are being handled by Gadkaris cronies who basically fund the BJPs campaigns. This is the problem of this decade and upcoming decade and Modi has a way to fix it but he fucking wont because he is too drunk on power.. Why India Banned 86 of its Currency. A must watch summary on demonetization https//youtu.be/pzTal29oQeI. Indias GDP growth dropped to a sixandhalfyear 26quarter low at 4.5 percent in the JulySeptember quarter of 201920. Amidst slowdown With 300 increase RIL market cap on steroids since notebandi .. Rupee slips 12 paise to 71.74 against US dollar ahead of GDP data. Latest GDP Numbers are Unacceptable Manmohan Singh. Missing Me Yet. Indias Economic Growth Sputters to 4.5 Weakest Since 2013. GDP Growth Rate of India Quarterly 201213 to Now UPA v/s NDA. Former Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh The state of our economy is deeply worrying but I will argue how the state of our society is even more worrisome.. GDP shrinks to 4.5 in JulySeptember quarter. Recap Part II Kashmir Communication Shutdown and Movement Restrictions Cases:  https//preview.redd.it/z54jcs3pdm141.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampseb2acc9ca9c01c9c91cb98bb4721fe1ff648a134 Tldr Part II of the Recap summarizes arguments made by the petitioners and the government about the constitutional validity of the communication shutdown and movement restrictions in Kashmir under Articles 19 and 21 of the Constitution. The petitioners argued that the restrictions were disproportionate because if the government wanted to prevent the use of fake propaganda to incite violence it could have adopted less restrictive alternatives such as selectively blocking social media platforms. In response the government stated that it was impossible to block selective platforms because terrorists would migrate to other platforms or use the dark web for their illegal activities. Wait what is this constitutional legal mumbo jumbo again The Indian Constitution grants certain basic rights the status of fundamental rights and empowers any citizen to approach the Supreme Court or High Courts to seek remedy for their violation. These fundamental rights are enumerated in Part III of the Constitution and they include Articles 19 and 21. Article 19 guarantees the right to freedom of speech and expression peaceful assembly association and free movement subject to reasonable restrictions in the interests of sovereignty and integrity of India the security of the state and public order. It is also important to note that unless there is a declaration of emergency under Article 352 the fundamental rights guaranteed by Article 19 can only be reasonably restricted and they cannot be suspended. Article 21 guarantees the right to life and personal liberty and through judicial precedent this right has been expansively interpreted to include the right to shelter healthcare and education. The Indian judiciary has time and again emphasized that the right to life under Article 21 is more than mere animal existence and it includes various rights which are necessary to lead a dignified life. National Security. Full Stop Before we dive into whether the restrictions in Kashmir are reasonable and proportionate we must first decide what is the appropriate standard of judicial review in cases where national security concerns are pleaded by the government. On this aspect the petitioners submitted the Court should not accept the governments assertion that the restrictions were temporary need based and periodically reviewed at face value. Instead the Court must determine if there was sufficient objective material to justify such severe restrictions. The petitioners drew parallels between the governments arguments in this case and the infamous majority decision in ADM Jabalpur v. Shivkant Shukla to emphasize that fundamental rights cannot be left at the mercy of executive benevolence. In its response the government clarified that it was not seeking exclusion of judicial review per se but it submitted that in cases involving national security concerns the Court cannot function as an appellate authority. Issues involving national security are primarily within the domain of the executive and the Court should exercise restraint in such cases because the executive is best suited to make such decisions by virtue of knowing ground realities and receiving intelligence inputs. Therefore once the Court is satisfied that a particular case has national security implications the scope of judicial review is very limited. Are the restrictions reasonable and proportionate The petitioners argued that restrictions cannot be so severe that they extinguish the right itself. Remember what we said earlier about the government being permitted to suspend fundamental rights under Article 19 only if there is a declaration of emergency under Article 352 Thats extremely important because the Constitution does not envisage a scenario where fundamental rights can be suspended in a normal situation. A declaration of emergency under Article 352 would also be subject to scrutiny by the parliament and this is a crucial safeguard. Therefore by effectively suspending the right to free speech peaceful assembly and movement in Kashmir without an official declaration of emergency the government has managed to suspend rights while avoiding parliamentary scrutiny. The petitioners argued that the restrictions had brought life in Kashmir to a standstill for millions of citizens. Since they could not make phone calls access the internet or freely move out of their homes people were unable to visit hospitals attend school or carry on their business. If the government was concerned about fake propaganda which could incite the masses it could have restricted access to social media platforms but there was no need to block voice calls and the internet in their entirety. The petitioners produced copies of previous shutdown orders from Bihar and Kashmir as examples of administrative authorities resorting to limited blocking of social media platforms to prevent public disorder. Since there was a less restrictive alternative available in the form of selective blocking of social media platforms the governments all encompassing ban on landlines mobiles and the internet was disproportionate and unreasonable. The Solicitor General cited statistics about how the restrictions in Kashmir had been gradually eased over the last three months and suggested that this demonstrates that the restrictions were need based and the administrative authorities had applied their mind before imposing them. The government argued that it was impossible to segregate criminals from law abiding citizens and therefore it was justified in imposing restrictions on all citizens in the region. The government further submitted that it was not possible to selectively block social media platforms and the only feasible solution was shutting down the internet entirely. ampx200B Is access to the internet a fundamental right under Article 21 The petitioners explained that in the modern digital India use of the internet was necessary to access government schemes such as Ayushman Bharat banking facilities etc. The petitioners cited a recent Kerala High Court decision and the National Telecom Policy 2012 to support their stance that access to the internet is a fundamental right. The Solicitor General did not directly address whether the government considered access to the internet to be a fundamental right but he characterized the internet as a dangerous tool capable of misuse. He argued that various cases relied on by the petitioners were not applicable because the standards for newspaper regulation and internet regulation should be different as the internet allows two way communication unlike newspapers. He further stated that social media allowed terrorists to reach a large number of people with minimal effort through the use of hashtags etc. He also raised alarm about the dark web which was encrypted untraceable and used for illicit activities. The Constitution of India was drafted decades before the invention of the internet but it is a visionary document which is intended to circumscribe the power of the State over the lives of citizens for centuries to come. Regardless of which side prevails this case will certainly be a watershed moment in constitutional history about the status of the right to access the internet and what kind of restrictions can be placed on this right. Important Documents 1. Pleadings and written submissions of the petitioners and govt. [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1Io2qR4iEendvyQCkU3Ww4v11TE0 The rights of an entire population cannot be violated to prevent misdeeds by a few. Help us defend this fundamental principle of proportionate punishment in constitutional courts by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. GDP Growth At 4.5 In JulySeptember Worst In More Than 6 Years. Gross Domestic Product growth falls to 4.5 in Q2 of 201920. Govt wants RBI to take over stressed assets of shadow banks Report. For all the Kejriwal Fanboys Should transit be made free. India Offers Credits to Boost Sri Lankan Economy Security. Manual scavenging has gone underground in India WHO. Most undesirable highrisk jobs typically subcontracted to temporary informal workers based on their caste says new report.. Likely GDP shock at hand India braces for impact. Rich country poor people. Companies will soon be required to pay for reskilling retrenched workers. India Braces For Shock GDP As PM Modi Scrambles To Spur Economy. Companies can lay off employees after contract season is over bill tabled in Lok Sabha. India below extreme poverty line Is this a reliable figure https//worldpoverty.io/. Modi Sarkar wants news on Digital Media organisations to register with the Registrar of Newspapers of India. Government wants RBI to buy out stressed assets of shadow banks source. India Potentially Imitating Chinas Focus on Blockchain Over Bitcoin. ISL 2019 Reports Premier League giants Manchester City acquire Mumbai City FC. Kerala Government Bans Manufacture Sale amp Storage Of SingleUse Plastic From January 1 2020. Kerala Government Bans Manufacture Sale amp Storage Of SingleUse Plastic From January 1 2020 INDIA LEADS THE WAY. Mohalla clinics a viable primarycare model. Recap Part I Kashmir Communication Shutdown and Movement Restrictions Cases:  https//preview.redd.it/6l44ao399d141.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps18ba91a561565e0c4548566b091fe43fca0f89c4 Tldr Part I of the Recap summarizes the arguments made by the petitioners and the government about statutory compliance of the orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 and Section 144 Cr.P.C. The orders under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 were assailed by the petitioners for lacking application of mind being issued by an unauthorized official and for not being reviewed by the Review Committee constituted under the Rules. The government defended the orders by emphasizing that they were confirmed by the competent authority under the Rules and it was necessary to shut down communication channels because terrorists use voice and data services to spread fake propaganda and incite masses. The orders under Section 144 Cr.P.C. were challenged by the petitioners for being unacceptably vague as they all use the same boilerplate language without mentioning any specific reasons necessitating their issuance.The government responded by urging the Court to not scrutinize the language of the orders too strictly because district magistrates are not legally trained persons. It also referred to various allegedly secessionist speeches made by political leaders in Kashmir which had the potential of inciting public disorder and it argued that such provocative speeches along with undisclosed intelligence inputs demonstrated the necessity of imposing restrictions under Section 144 Cr.P.C. First lets get the facts straight On 5 August 2019 a complete communication shutdown was imposed in the Kashmir valley region of the erstwhile State of Jammu and Kashmir. All landlines voice calls SMS services broadband internet and mobile internet were shutdown in Kashmir. According to the governments own figures this complete blackout continued till 17 August when 8365 landline connections were restored out of a total of 43114 connections. Landlines were completely restored in Kashmir only on 4 September almost an entire month after the imposition of the communication shutdown. As on date in Kashmir landlines are functioning and voice call facilities on postpaid mobile connections have been restored. However prepaid mobile connections and SMS services which are essential for receiving One Time Passwords remain suspended. In addition to the communication shutdown movement restrictions were also imposed in Kashmir on 5 August through orders passed under Section 144 Cr.P.C. While the government claims that the orders passed under Section 144 Cr.P.C. only prohibit public gatherings and not movement of individuals in general the text of the orders filed by the government suggest otherwise. Dont believe us Well see a sample for yourself. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/aqasixuv8d141.pngwidth642ampformatpngampautowebpamps75ef766e02143918eee6e41ee51c920415b3c0b9 According to the governments affidavit day time movement restrictions were eased in 35 out of 105 police stations in Kashmir on 17 August and they were completely removed in all 105 police stations only by 27 September which is almost two months after their initial imposition on 5 August. However even as on date there continue to be night time movement restrictions in certain areas. Introducing the Cast During these hearings the Supreme Court heard two different petitions. The first petition was filed by Anuradha Bhasin who is the Executive Director of Kashmir Times and it focused on how the restrictions on communication and movement violated the freedom of the press in Kashmir. The Foundation for Media Professionals Indian Journalists Union Tehseen Poonawalla and Soyaib Quereshi also intervened in Anuradha Bhasins petition to support press freedom. The second petition was filed by Ghulam Nabi Azad and raised concerns about the impact of the restrictions on the right to healthcare education and livelihood. Anuradha Bhasin was represented by Vrinda Grover and Ghulam Nabi Azad was represented by Kapil Sibal. The intervening journalistic bodies Foundation for Media Professionals and Indian Journalists Union were represented by Dushyant Dave and Huzefa Ahmadi respectively. The other intervention application filed by Tehseen Poonwalla and Soyaib Quereshi was argued by Meenakshi Arora. From the governments side the Union of India was represented by Attorney General KK Venugopal and the Former State of Jammu and Kashmir was represented by Solicitor General Tushar Mehta. The Press Council of India also intervened in the matter and while its counsel refused to state which side it was supporting despite being questioned by the judges multiple times it argued in favour of adopting a weaker version of the proportionality standard which would subject the restrictions in Kashmir to less rigorous review. Are the orders legal Before we start remember that there are two sets of orders issued by the government imposing restrictions in Kashmir. First there are orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 which are responsible for suspension of landline voice calls SMS services broadband internet and mobile internet in Kashmir. Second there are orders issued under Section 144 Cr.P.C. imposing restrictions on movement of the public in Kashmir. It should be noted that none of these orders were made publicly available by the government and they were produced during the court proceedings after repeated requests by the petitioners. i Orders under Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/csszml9z8d141.pngwidth591ampformatpngampautowebpamps6068925358c41eea4a4977310397240b8fcc67b4 The petitioners argued that these orders demonstrate lack of application of mind before suspension of telecom services. For instance one of the orders states that landlines should be shut down because there is apprehension of misuse of data services by antinational elements. Shutting down landlines on this ground is absurd because landlines can only be used for one on one voice calls and they have no relation to data services and the internet. The petitioners further submitted that these orders were invalid because they were issued by the Inspector General of Police who is not authorized under the Rules. It should be noted that while the orders were confirmed by the Home Secretary who is the competent authority under the Rules the government has not placed on record any document which authorized the Inspector General of Police to issue these orders in the first place. Moreover despite being repeatedly sought by the petitioners the government did not place on record any information about whether the orders were reviewed by the Review Committee constituted under the Rules and if so what were the findings of the Review Committee. The Solicitor General did not specifically address any of these procedural violations in his oral arguments and merely submitted that the orders were confirmed by the Home Secretary who is empowered to suspend telecom services under the Rules. He argued that based on past experiences it was known that voice and data services were used by terrorists and separatists to incite the masses and therefore it was necessary to shut down communication channels. ii Orders under Section 144 Cr.P.C. The petitioners argued that by restricting the movement of the general public the orders issued under Section 144 Cr.P.C. made it impossible for residents of Kashmir to access hospitals schools markets etc. Further the orders are unacceptably vague and they all use the same boilerplate language without mentioning any specific reasons necessitating their issuance. On the legal aspects the petitioners submitted that orders under Section 144 Cr.P.C. can be issued only if there is objective material corroborating the governments subjective threat perception and the threat to public order or the security of the state must be imminent and genuine. The Solicitor General made extensive submissions to justify the orders issued under Section 144 Cr.P.C. He urged the Court to not scrutinize the language of the orders too closely like a statute because they were not issued by legally trained persons. The government submitted that the district magistrate does not have an obligation to state any material facts in the order and it is sufficient if he merely records that there is a law and order situation in the area. The Solicitor General referred to allegedly provocative and secessionist comments made by political leaders such as Mehbooba Mufti and Omar Abdullah which could incite violence and submitted that such comments alongwith other undisclosed intelligence inputs formed the objective basis for issuance of orders under Section 144 Cr.P.C. He argued that Section 144 Cr.P.C. permits the government to take preventive action in anticipation of danger and therefore the present restrictions which were intended to prevent incitement of violence and mass mobilization were valid in the facts and circumstances of the case. Stay tuned for Part II of the Recap which will summarize the arguments made by all parties about whether these restrictions on communication and movement pass constitutional muster under Article 19 and 21. Misuse of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 and S.144 Cr.P.C. is a panIndia problem. Today it is Kashmir tomorrow it could be any state. Help us bring transparency and accountability through court centered advocacy by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. understanding bonds Nitin Sethi on how electoral bonds are a new form of currency. Ola Uber fees may be capped at 10 of total fare. Parliament proceedings live Lok Sabha clears merger of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu. Govt proposes 14day prior notice mandatory for employees to go on strike under new labour laws. Comments invited on Draft Rajasthan Startup amp Innovation Policy 2019 Submit by 7th December: Department of Information Technology amp Communication Government of Rajasthan invites comments on [Draft Rajasthan Startup amp Innovation Policy 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/rajasthanstartupinnovationpolicy2019draft.pdf Deadline 7th December Submission link [https//istart.rajasthan.gov.in/startuppolicyfeedback]https//istart.rajasthan.gov.in/startuppolicyfeedback Draft document click [here]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/rajasthanstartupinnovationpolicy2019draft.pdf. Nirmala Sitharaman says no recession in Indian economy. Vodafone Idea and Airtel Troubles Set to Increase as Government Says No to More Relief. Recession Or Not Modi Govt Doesnt Know How To Fix Indian Economy Sudipto Mundle of NCAER: INTERVIEW Economist Sudipto Mundle explains why the economy could grow at a nominal rate of just 4.9 this year and how the Modi govts piecemeal measures suggest it doesnt know whats wrong. Sudipto Mundle is a former member of the fourteenth finance commission and is a Distinguished Fellow of the nonprofit think National Council of Applied Economic Research NCAER. [https//www.huffingtonpost.in/entry/recessioneconomicslowdownmodigovt\in\5ddd0725e4b0d50f32968e82ncidtweetlnkinhpmg00000001]https//www.huffingtonpost.in/entry/recessioneconomicslowdownmodigovtin5ddd0725e4b0d50f32968e82ncidtweetlnkinhpmg00000001 TLDR Economy is in deep shit.. How far have we come as India prepares for its much awaited data protection law.:  https//preview.redd.it/wsd64qtyo7141.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpampsd3a0ed622f1fa99b1c4b367afaf206f9b50888c1 Tldr As the Personal Data Protection Bill 2018 makes it way to Parliament we showcase some of civil societys work in ensuring India has a wellestablished data protection framework. It is important that the current concerns with the law be addressed and to achieve this we provide for a few steps of action that IFF will engage in through its continuing support funnelled through the SaveOurPrivacy campaign. ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/8p8jzb2uo7141.pngwidth1298ampformatpngampautowebpamps86920a1d5e31dc36c04acef8355a435ee30249a3 Some background Info In July 2017 the government of India appointed a Committee of Experts on a Data Protection Framework for India chaired by Justice Retd. B.N. Srikrishna. It purpose was study issues related to data protection in India after which it provided a report which informed the proposed comprehensive law on data protection that now graces us. This law has been a concern since it was birthed it not only fails to include a mirade of significant aspects but some of its content proves to be extremely problematic. It is pertinent that these worries be addressed not only with the intention of furthering privacy and data protection but especially due it being intensely tied to the brink of this fourth industrial revolution we find ourselves in. We have anchored the SaveOurPrivacy campaign that has numerous takes on the Bill the right to privacy and issues that stem out of it [Read here for more]https//saveourprivacy.in/coverages. Our fight for Data Protection In our continuing work we will seek to ensure the highest levels of data protection and surveillance reform through this law. Much of this will build off past work which will now provide a solid foundation to contrast the Governments bill with civil society efforts to ensure a synthesis of the best ideas and language in this law. 1. Engaging with Parliament IFF has been consistently involved in ensuring that data protection finds its rightful place in India and this means it requires an all encompassing legislative framework. An important chunk of this includes surveillance safeguards the Bill in its current form makes no mention of this and as need for surveillance reform in India is close to our hearts we encapsulate this in our work. Almost two years ago with the help of our generous volunteers we assisted the office of Dr. Shashi Tharoor Lok Sabha MP from Kerala in filing a user centric privacy bill in Parliament. This year through Dr. Ravikumar Lok Sabha MP from Tamil Nadu a substantive redraft of the Indian Privacy Code created by the SaveOurPrivacy campaign was introduced in Parliament as Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019[Read all about it here]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/personaldataandinformationprivacycodebill2019introducedintheloksabhatodaysaveourprivacy. Both these Bills relied heavily on the 7 Privacy Principles the Indian Privacy Code was based on. 2. Advocacy with Ministries and Committees Throughout the year IFF has sent a number of representations to various Ministries and the Standing Committee of Information Technology highlighting the need for a data protection law to uphold the individuals right to privacy and especially for transparency in content of the Bill that is to be introduced as law Read more about it. 3. Leading on public awareness Be it through our explainers social media and even events remember [PrivacySupreme]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/privacysupreme wasnt it fantastic we understand the importance in growing awareness of the need for the protection of ones data. 4. Litigation We hold the clear belief that any Data Protection effort in India will be incomplete without surveillance reform. The reality of protecting the informational privacy of Individuals in India requires both to walk together in lock step together. India cannot protect people from profiling and 360 degree profiles if a data protection law only seeks to regulate the consensual gathering of personal data but does not address and regulate survelliance activities of the State and even private parties. As surveillance reform is clearly important to us IFF has even approached the Supreme Court on this need as we challenge interception powers of the Government [Read here for more]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/supremecourtissuesnoticeoniffspetitionforsurveillancereformsaveourprivacy1. Continuing efforts Now that the Government proposes to introduce a Data Protection law in this Session of Parliament we are concerned that we have become more concerned with the process that has brought a degree of impatience than the actual substance of the proposals. This is with good reason. Its been a long and ardous wait. However there is little reason to proceed with haste given the importance of this legislative effort. We are today more concerned with the substance of this proposed law which has yet to be made public since the Srikrishna Committee first proposed it. There exists little transparency on its proposals and the changes which have been made over the course of the year or even if not made are of tremendous concern and mystery. With the public left completely in the dark with regard to its content we intend to take a few measures to ensure concerns with the law are addressed Ensure referral IFF will examine several options in our advocacy arsenal to make sure the text of this bill is referred to the Standing Committee considering the lack of transparency and it is publicly unknown. We commit to working in partnership and collaborate with all civil society efforts academics experts and collectives. Persisting engagement We will continue to work objectively to advance public interest. Through continued engagement with the Government in any way we can in upholding the right to privacy and the safeguards awarded through the data protection law. Focus on Individual rights We will contiue to fight for you. There is a flood of technologies being used in a manner that violate individual rights. We will work tirelessly to ensure that each government programme or private use impacting privacy is rights oriented by making sure dangerous proposals do not see the light of day. We would like to do more and have further impact To do this we need your support in any way possible. One good way to support the SaveOurPrivacy campaign is to [become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. 90 Indians Dont Know Aadhaar Not Mandatory for Bank Accounts Feel Their Biometric Data is Safe. IRDAI invites comments on their Exposure Draft Revisiting the product structure for Motor Own Damage Submit by 16th December: Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India invites comments on their [Exposure Draft Revisiting the product structure for Motor Own Damage.]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/exposuredraftrevisitingtheproductstructureformotorowndamage.pdf Key Recommendations 1 General Regulation GRs have been rationalized and renamed as Motor General Regulation MGRs and all pricing related GRs have been deleted. 2 The depreciation and Sum Insured calculation has been made simple. 3 Vehicle agebased depreciation has been recommended for partial losses to make it completely objective and remove all ambiguity and subjectivity in claim settlement. 4 Revised schedule of compulsory deductibles based on Sum Insured has been recommended. 5 Standardized NCB grid is introduced for long term policies. 6 For brand new private cars a new Sum Insured option has been recommended where Return to Invoice is a part of basic cover. Click [here]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/exposuredraftrevisitingtheproductstructureformotorowndamage.pdf for the exposure draft document. Contact ids [nlproductsirdai.gov.in]mailtonlproductsirdai.gov.in [pradeep.singhirdai.gov.in]mailtopradeep.singhirdai.gov.in Deadline 16th December 2019. UN report India on track to meeting greenhouse gas emissions target. Is Rural India Open Defecation Free Govt Data Contradicts Each Other. Latest data from the National Statistical Office casts doubt on near100 figures presented by Swacch Bharat data with only 71 rural households having access latrines.. On October 2 this year when Modi announced rural India has declared itself open defectionfree he was in fact telling a blatant lie.. Country Ranking Top 15 Countries with the highest GDP 1801 2100 GD.... Modi govts new bill to regulate digital media too has no punishment clause for paid news. Comments invited on Registration of Press and PeriodicalsRPP Bill 2019 Submit by 25th December:  Ministry Ministry of Information and Broadcasting Deadline 25th December 2019 One month from 25th November 2019 Contact id jspnamoibnic.in Document [Registration of Press and PeriodicalsRPP Bill 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/registrationofpressandperiodicalsrppbill2019.pdf. India Ratings lowers Indias Q2 GDP growth to 4.7 FY20 forecast at 5.6. Explained New Labour Code may make the employer happier than the employees. Indeco Hotels Facilities at Yercaud Seri Tourism Centre. Explainer Why Stock Market looks like it is going up while the economy is going down.: This is based on a reply I gave in this thread https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/e1shrw/howisstockmarketdoingwelldespitebad/ I am pasting what I posted there. There are three things you need to know before you make a conclusion. How Indices work. Big Institutional Investor and Retail Investors. The New GDP formula. 1 How Indices Work I hope everyone knows how stock market works. There is a piece of the pie of a company called a share that people bid to acquire. It runs on the sentiments based on what one thinks would be the price of the company in the future. Now there are multiple stock markets where these shares are sold. Two big ones in India are BSE and NSE Sensex and Nifty. Think of the standard 12th exam. You have overall aggregate score and then there is PCM/PCB scores. In case of Indices there is the overall money that is in the market and there is the top 30 stocks. So to get a number for Sensex or Nifty there are 30 stocks that the Index has chosen which tells you the number. Right now top 30 stocks are giving 40K for Sensex and 12K for Nifty. So the Indices are choosing PCM score to determine the numbers. That is like one fails in other subjects but scores solid numbers in PCM. Indirectly you have still failed the exams but you tell the world your PCM scores and everyone thinks you are done well in the exam. Getting my drift here 2 Big Institutional Investor and Retail Investor Another thing to note is how the rules are different if you are an Individual investor like me and you or if you are a big player like Mutual funds large company brokers Investor pools etc. In most cases the Retail investors cant move the market unless they turn up in huge numbers which they usually do when there is news in the market for a specific stock. This news is usually stale and the Big players already take their positions. Thats a different story for another day. 3 New GDP formula Earlier GDP used to be about the productivity of the industry. There would be a solid random sample of various Industrial Agricultural and Services output that the government would take into account to give the numbers. However this current government start failing very quickly as they were incompetent. Hence they decided to change the numbers to suit their propaganda. But Something worse happened to this formula the numbers from the previous government started looking unprecedentedly stellar 13 for 2010/11 which made the new numbers look puny. So they revisited the formula till could show the MMS government was bad. To do this they started including Stock Market numbers and as we know these stock market numbers are like PCM scores they give you a sense of victory. It simply accounts the growth of the market as one of the indicators for GDP which I feel is extremely wrong as stock markets can be easily manipulated. Now lets put this together. The government fucked up big time with growth. In fact my friends who work on these numbers point out that currently we might be growing at 2 while the new formula might show it to be 5 on 29th November 2019. So to get these numbers the government must make sure that Indices hit good growth which they are and we know that they only consider top 30 stocks. To move the index in the right direction all you need to do is to make sure that these 30 stocks can be manipulated and which the government does through big players. Some of the big players in there are run by the government. Entities like LIC UTI PSUs keep buying and selling stocks to keep a balanced growth. That is why we have such crazy numbers. Currently top 30 stocks have 80 of all the money in the market which used to be 20 in 2014 This is why you see the Stock Market going but the economy is going down. Hope this helps and sorry for any typos or failed grammar.. Large numbers of IT workforce unfit for newage tasks. Govt culls software development four other biz from 15 corporate tax rate. The Bear Case on India Part 1: I know that we are Indians and patriotism blah blah. But I think its good to hear a case that India isnt going to be the next economic superpower. Lots of people even big fund managers make this macro argument. I dont think its true. You can see this on my blog at [https//pradyuprasad.wordpress.com/2019/11/25/thebearcaseonindiapart1/]https//pradyuprasad.wordpress.com/2019/11/25/thebearcaseonindiapart1/ Heres why same text Some famous international investors like Prem Watsa and Mohnish Pabrai have bought into the India Growth Story IGS. I feel that the IGS is overhyped and projections of India becoming an economic superpower are unlikely to happen unless major policy and cultural changes are in place. When Prime Minister Modi was elected in 2014 there were projections that he would be Indias Thatcher or Deng Xiaoping. These projections have been untrue. Economic growth in the country has slowed down with Q1 real GDP growth being at 5 compared to 7.1 in 2018 and 8.2 in 2017. Unemployment according to the Center for Monitoring the Indian Economy a private sector company is 7.5 compared to 5.9 in 2018 and 5 in 2017. Worst of all real consumption appeared to have declined by 3.7 for the first time in 40 years according to a [leaked report]https//thewire.in/economy/consumersendingfallruraldemandnsoreport from the government. India optimists like [Bill Gates]https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/policy/indiahaspotentialforveryrapideconomicgrowthsaysbillgates/articleshow/72094025.cms have said that the country has significant potential and can get millions out of poverty in the next few years. I disagree. I think that India is headed for stagnation of growth in the long run and the current slowdown is just the first step in it. The contents of the IGS The history of the IGS can be traced back to a [2003 paper by Goldman Sachs]https//www.goldmansachs.com/insights/archive/archivepdfs/bricsdream.pdf and a [2000 analysis by the Brookings Institution]https//www.brookings.edu/articles/indiarising/. It said that with the right policies India would be a country with \3500 GDP per capita in 2030 and 8124/capita in 2040. Most proponents of the IGS believe that in the next 30 years or so India will have high gt8 real economic growth will be an economic superpower with a billion and more consumers. This amazing country will benefit from a demographic dividend from the [10 million Indians]https//cse.azimpremjiuniversity.edu.in/wpcontent/uploads/2019/10/MehrotraParidaIndiaEmploymentCrisis.pdf entering the job market every year who will find jobs spend save and invest. Another part of this story is that there will be massive fixed investment in roads bridges and others which will lead to more economic growth. I will now take down the first part of the IGS the labour myth. The labour myth Jobs people and the lack thereof It is no secret that India is having trouble creating jobs now. Over the last year unemployment has shot up to 7.5 from 5.9 a year ago. The government attempted to hide this by stopping the release of the NSSO labour survey before the elections which was leaked to the media. A big part of the IGS is this 1. Indians will enter the work force 2. Get jobs 3. Spend that money. People What people Its only men here Indians are not entering the workforce. In most developing countries labour participation rates are between 60 and 80. The 75th percentile is 67 LPR and the median is 62. But India is at at a low 51 the 13th percentile with its neighbors being Gabon and Suriname. None of the GS papers or the Brookings piece anticipated this. In a country full of young bright educated or so they claim youngsters over half of them stay at home and chose not to go to work. See this photo [https//imgur.com/a/vYPOJdS]https//imgur.com/a/vYPOJdS The standard objection to this is that Indias young are educating themselves.They are building human capital for their future and so this should be excused. This shall be shown to be untrue later in this post series. The lack of participation of Indians from the workforce is not equal across the genders. Almost 79 of males in the working age in India chose to look for a job but only 21 of females do so. The male participation rate is within global norms but the female labour participation rate falls laughably short. In fact the only countries which do worse than India in this are Egypt Morocco Somalia Iran Algeria Jordan Iraq Syria and Yemen. It is worth noting that 3 of those countries are undergoing wars Yemen Syria and Iraq 2 of them have mass protests against the government Iran and Egypt and Somalia has a joke of a government. India is among the worst globally here. But why does this indicator matter After all who cares about this number\ I think you should if you care about the health of the Indian economy. If India were to have normal \40 labour participation rates with average incomes 1900 each then there would be at least an approximate 156 billion USD\\ 6 boost to the economy. Moreover around 80 million women are sitting at home when if we had better education and social norms that allowed for it. You dont have to be a radical feminist to see what a waste this is to the economy. There are 80 million women at home not working. They would if they were born in the US Germany or Taiwan. You should care because the demographic dividend may not even happen if half the country isnt participating in it. The projected dividend isnt happening if half the country doesnt work. \If that doesnt piss you off enough heres this Pakistan beats India by 1 percent. It has a female labour participation rate of 22. \\My analysis is an ESTIMATE. This is a back of the envelope calculation. Im not an economist. 67 of India is in the working age 1564. That is 897 million people. 48 of these are women. That is 430 million women. Only 21 of these chose to participate in the labour market. That means that there are 90 million women in the labour market today. Im going to assume they ged paid the per capita GDP rate which is 1900 USD. Which means if these women earn the average income they earn 171 billion USD. If more \40 of women participated then wed have 170 million women in the workforce. If they too get paid at the same pay theyd get make 327 billion USD. This is 156 billion USD more than what they are earning now. The India economy is 2.59 trillion USD. 156 billion is 6 of that. And this doesnt count for the multiplier effect from the spending the fact that women usually spend more on their children when given cash transfers which means a higher long run growth rate and the social effects of this lower family violence lower birth rates.. OYO SoftBanks Oyo reveals over 330 mln annual loss revenue surges Valuation report. SoftBanks Oyo Reveals Over 330 Million Annual Loss Revenue SurgesValuation Report. Do you think India needs a far more comprehensive determined device/procedure/strategy/measure at a national level to target certain aspects of Social Life to combat religious extremism ethnocentrism racism Child Abuse casteism and sex discrimination: The family action plan could involve a govt official appointed to work on or govt officials directly working with some portions of the work also delegated to NGOs and involving various branches of the government such as the police and especially involving the institutions of schools and colleges where children or young adults who will make up the future generations and their parents need to be made aware of these crucial social issues by a concentrated deliberate and determined effort via making a law to make it compulsory for all education boards to have some chapters on these issues as well as make it mandatory for assembly programs in institutions for parents children and those working to be held to talk about these issues once in every 4 years or whichever intervals that will be adequately change the cultural thinking of India for the better Because till date from at least what I know it is very indirect and haphazard as well as lopsided where only some not all academicians in Universities few NGOs and some few political parties talk about this but its not projected as much as it can be if it were nationally planned and projected by the largest and one of the most powerful entities the govt. It will include food for thought such as one must not look down on others because of their skin colour language regional origins fallacies in logic to be learned and encouraged to be applied in everyday life in making inferences making the nuances or details not just a bare definition reading of subtle racism sexism and the drawbacks in how this all effects even the economy. \[NOTE A Point that is still barely understood in our society at large and from what I know I could be mistaken barely even talked of to the public compared to other social issues\] Awareness of how child abuse not just sexual but physical emotional as well as sexual and child neglect can lead to those children growing up to be violent aggressive adults or lacking in some social skills which is not conducive to marriage or other relationships such as at the work place later on in life. How this even effects up to an extent the crime rates in a place such as road rage violent quarrels between neighbours and according to the CDC Highly respected top medical Institute in the world even physical health symptoms link 3 given below. It is a video from a respected reliable channel of a doctor speaking and that cites further research. Several studies in neurology has already proven time and again with brain imaging techniques that child abuse because it happens at a crucial stage at which the brain is developing affects the structure of the brain now just at the time of abuse but later in life also. Here are two citations from very reliable sources that explain it well 1.[https//www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter\article/The\biology\of\child\maltreatment ]https//www.health.harvard.edu/newsletterarticle/Thebiologyofchildmaltreatment 2. [https//www.nap.edu/read/2117/chapter/8 ]https//www.nap.edu/read/2117/chapter/8 3. [https//www.youtube.com/watchv95ovIJ3dsNk]https//www.youtube.com/watchv95ovIJ3dsNk Health care costs costs in policing and workload for police and courts could be considerably reduced as well as surely improve standards of living. Any ideas suggestions alternatives or points to be added from any of you. Do you think India needs a far more comprehensive determined Family Planning device/procedure/strategy/measure at a national level to target certain aspects of Social Life to combat religious extremism ethnocentrism racism Child Abuse casteism and sex discrimination: I have posted some links here for anyone to read to elucidate on my point for the need of a more comprehensive family planning strategy for the betterment of India in the long term 1. [https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethnic\relations\in\India]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EthnicrelationsinIndia 2. [https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender\inequality\in\India]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GenderinequalityinIndia 3. [https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caste\system\in\India]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CastesysteminIndia 4. [https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Religious\violence\in\India]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReligiousviolenceinIndia 5. [https//www.who.int/newsroom/factsheets/detail/childmaltreatment]https//www.who.int/newsroom/factsheets/detail/childmaltreatment The family action plan could involve a govt official appointed to work on or govt officials directly working with some portions of the work also delegated to NGOs and involving various branches of the government such as the police and especially involving the institutions of schools and colleges where children or young adults who will make up the future generations and their parents need to be made aware of these crucial social issues by a concentrated deliberate and determined effort via making a law to make it compulsory for all education boards to have some chapters on these issues as well as make it mandatory for assembly programs in institutions for parents children and those working to be held to talk about these issues once in every 4 years or whichever intervals that will be adequately change the cultural thinking of India for the better Because till date from at least what I know it is very indirect and haphazard as well as lopsided where only some not all academicians in Universities few NGOs and some few political parties talk about this but its not projected as much as it can be if it were nationally planned and projected by the largest and one of the most powerful entities the govt. It will include food for thought such as one must not look down on others because of their skin colour language regional origins fallacies in logic to be learned and encouraged to be applied in everyday life in making inferences making the nuances or details not just a bare definition reading of subtle racism sexism and the drawbacks in how this all effects even the economy. \[NOTE A Point that is still barely understood in our society at large and from what I know I could be mistaken barely even talked of to the public compared to other social issues\] \ Awareness of how child abuse not just sexual but physical emotional as well as sexual and child neglect can lead to those children growing up to be violent aggressive adults or lacking in some social skills which is not conducive to marriage or other relationships such as at the work place later on in life. How this even effects up to an extent the crime rates in a place such as road rage violent quarrels between neighbours and according to the CDC Highly respected top medical Institute in the world even physical health symptoms link 3 given below. Several studies in neurology has already proven time and again with brain imaging techniques that child abuse because it happens at a crucial stage at which the brain is developing affects the structure of the brain now just at the time of abuse but later in life also. Here are two citations from very reliable sources that explain it well 1. [https//www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter\article/The\biology\of\child\maltreatment]https//www.health.harvard.edu/newsletterarticle/Thebiologyofchildmaltreatment 2. [https//www.nap.edu/read/2117/chapter/8]https//www.nap.edu/read/2117/chapter/8 3. [https//www.youtube.com/watchv95ovIJ3dsNk]https//www.youtube.com/watchv95ovIJ3dsNk Health care costs costs in policing and workload for police and courts could be considerably reduced as well as surely improve standards of living. Any ideas suggestions alternatives or points to be added from any of you. Labour laws A step forward HT Editorial. Indian economy is firming up banking system safe SBI HDFC Bank chiefs. Privatisation plan may end complex crossholding in oil PSUs. Rs 4000 crore PF scam Yogi govt underwrites illegal investment in DHFL. Indias slowdown emerges as new headache for Japan automakers The Japan Times. Indias urban unemployment rate drops to 9.3 pc in JanuaryMarch 2019 Government data. Talking to credit rating agencies on risk assessment Nirmala Sitharaman. A Message for all the Indians trying to move to USA: [removed]. What do you all here think is the best way to handle a situation if some men or a crowd aggressively intervene by getting violent or about to get violent by siding with a woman when she is quarreling with you in public. What do my fellow feminists here in India suggest on how to combat white knights who react aggressively at a the drop of a hat in public when a woman is involved in some quarrel and women who abuse the legal process or lie or exaggerate about being harassed: [removed]. What do my fellow feminists here in India suggest on how to combat white knights who react aggressively at a the drop of a hat when a woman is involved in some quarrel and women who abuse the legal process: Any awareness campaigns or change of laws. GDP slump will hit 5trillion economy target warns NITI Aayog. Offenders in 90 of POCSO cases registered in Mumbai in 201819 were known to victims Report. Devendra Fadnavis sworn in as Maharashtra CM Ajit Pawar Dy CM:  Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as Maharashtra Chief Minister again oath administered by Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari at Raj Bhawan. https//preview.redd.it/qg4tan2med041.jpgwidth592ampformatpjpgampautowebpamps5de1e30fb3c988b4fa358e021dbe0f4d91c46440. Maharashtra googly Sharad Pawar says Ajits rabbit out of the hat not NCP decision. RBI Releases List Of Top 30 Wilful Defaulters Mehul Choksis Company Tops List. Why Are Some Countries Poor. Move Thoughtfully and Fix Things. How these 2 economists are using randomized trials to solve global poverty. NL Interviews Nitin Sethi on how electoral bonds are a new form of currency. Special Report How Jihadists Struck Gold in Africas Sahel. Rs 45000Crore Relief For Vodafone Airtel As Government Defers Dues. Modi govt tells IITs amp IIMs to ensure castebased reservation in faculty hiring. Indias 5trillion economy debate Who stands where. Jai Shree Ram Status hindi jay shree ram hindi attitude status ram mandir status for shree ram jay shree ram ke khattarnak status : [removed]. Government says judicial review of severity of the restrictions in Kashmir during August is an academic exercise:  https//preview.redd.it/gskjfi1lw6041.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps39f6a7e10eabafa953108a91a7c52ac829f2b968 Tldr The Solicitor General Tushar Mehta began arguments for the government before the Supreme Court today in Anuradha Bhasins petition against the communication shutdown and movement restrictions in Kashmir. He started by arguing that what happened on 05 August 2019 was a conferment of rights on the people of Jammu and Kashmir rather than a restriction of rights. According to him due to the abrogation of Article 370 the residents of Jammu and Kashmir can now take advantage of 106 people friendly laws. He criticized the petitioner and intervenors for painting a grim picture of the situation prevailing in Kashmir and cited certain facts and figures to demonstrate normalcy in the region. He finally submitted that the powers under Section 144 CrPC could be invoked preemptively in anticipation of public disorder and urged the Court to not scrutinize the orders too stringently. Not in our names The Solicitor General Tushar Mehta started arguments for the Former State of Jammu and Kashmir on an unexpected note today. He insisted that the actions of the government on 05 August 2019 must be applauded because they have conferred basic human rights that the people of Jammu and Kashmir were previously denied due to Article 370. Some of the examples cited by him include strengething of panchayati raj institutions safai karamcharis and women being able to own property SC/ST individuals being able to avail reservation benefits central legislations on prohibition of child marriage juvenile justice domestic violence and right to education being made applicable to the region and justice for West Pakistan refugees. The factual veracity of these claims is questionable and this attempt at appropriation of progressive causes to justify the clampdown in Kashmir will be addressed by the petitioner and intervenors during their rejoinder. All is well now in November Mr. Mehta accused the petitioner and intervenors of resorting to hyperbole and misrepresenting the situation on the ground in Kashmir. He criticized the petitioner and intervenors for failing to highlight the easing of restrictions by the government during their oral submissions and stated that the region has not been under complete clampdown for over 100 days. He added that since the restrictions have been significantly eased now scrutinizing the state of affairs in August is an academic exercise and the case has outlived itself. He quoted government statistics relating to restoration of telecommunication services easing of movement restrictions board exam attendance rates functioning of hospitals provision for public transport internet access terminals tourism media facilitation centre etc to counter the petitioner and intervenors arguments about a humanitarian crisis existing in Kashmir. These facts and figures were not made available to the petitioner intervenors or the court in advance and they were tendered across the table during the hearing. The veracity of these factual assertions will also be challenged by the petitioner and intervenors during the rejoinder. For instance the inadequate and insecure nature of the media facilitation centre had already been mentioned in the pleadings filed by the petitioner and the intervenors but the government did not address any of these concerns. Read more about the problems with the media facilitation centre in Srinagar [here]https//www.newslaundry.com/2019/08/13/kashmirpressfreedomcurfewarticle370 and [here]https//www.firstpost.com/india/srinagarmediafacilitationcentreonlyplaceinkashmirreporterscanaccessinternetnowofflimitsforfreelancersandwebjournos7636221.html. Cracking nuts with sledgehammers Throughout todays hearing the government maintained that the vast majority of people in Kashmir are law abiding and peace loving. However there is a miniscule minority which indulges in separatism and cross border terrorism and the government had to impose restrictions on everyone because they cannot separate the chaff from the grain. The Solicitor General Tushar Mehta and Attorney General KK Venugopal cited historical figures relating to terrorist violence since 1990 and the Supreme Courts observations in another case about Pakistan supporting terrorist groups like the Hurriyat to establish why these restrictions were required. The government lawyers claimed that terrorists were not just physically penetrating Indias borders but they were also mobilizing people through digital platforms. However the government did not explain why one to one modes of communication such as landlines and voice calls which cannot be used for mass messaging were shutdown and why the restrictions were not limited to social media platforms. Mr. Mehta further urged the court to not evaluate the orders under Section 144 Cr.P.C. imposing movement restrictions too strictly because they were issued by district magistrates who are not legally trained. He also argued that the fact that several restrictions were either not imposed or relaxed sooner in Jammu and Ladakh compared to Kashmir demonstrates that there was application of mind by the government officials. The Solicitor General will continue his arguments on Monday 25 November 2019 and the petitioner and intervenors will respond to the governments assertions after that. You can also read detailed live tweets of todays hearing from [Bar and Bench]https//twitter.com/barandbench/status/1197385371861913600 [Live Law]https//twitter.com/LiveLawIndia/status/1197379433629241345 and [Vakasha Sachdev from the Quint]https//twitter.com/VakashaS/status/1197369092056834049. Important Documents 1. Status Report dated 20.11.2019 filed by the Government [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGN2RyWUd0YlZCMm5EcG5hRUlORE5OOUtMdXZr/viewuspsharing The fundamental rights of millions of Indian citizens are not an academic squabble and telecom shutdowns have devastating real world consequences. Help us set the record straight and demand accountability by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. PM Narendra Modi brings Indias economy into focus amid privatisation push. Help someone stole my wallet that contained Aadhar Card among other stuff: I was mugged today morning. My wallet contained cash ATM and Aadhar Card. ATM I have no worries its old dormant account and I can disable it too. Im worried about Aadhar Card. Can someone misuse it Do illegal stuff in my name. Please help. Im s ared. Should I go to police. BSNL tags along with Jio Airtel and Vodafone reportedly hiking tariffs in December. money from home ysense intaranet par paisa banao:  Monetization site by completing survey. With surveys and tasks it is possible to earn around 100 a month with ad clicks and is also reliable. for example you can even earn revenue by downloading phone apps. Very simple and comfortable. https//www.ysense.com/rb60178326 Install addon in google chrome. The plugin lets you know that polls and tasks are coming. you can reach higher sums like this. https//www.ysense.com/rb60178326 Note Surveys may not come immediately when you first enter the site should be checked regularly. A bit of patience. not to forget you can add bookmarks to the bar you can check during the day.. Top 15 Countries with the Largest Trade Deficit and their Deficit Decomposition 19622018. India becoming 5 trillion economy by 2025 simply out of question ExRBI Governor C Rangarajan. Partition of India in 1947 the Radcliffe Line. Karnataka Shops with 10 workers can now operate 24x7. Samsung to restart manufacturing TVs in India. Aadhaar Seva Kendras Now Works 7 Days a Week. Nearly seven lakh vacant posts in Central government departments Minister. Cant Tell the Extent of Academic Loss Former JampK Governor Says Past Disruptions Brought Bad Reputation to Valley. We ask the Committee on IT to let those targeted by Pegasus be heard:  https//preview.redd.it/4n7ppv8vizz31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps01c0e86c248a8b1209a625794d59dffe783c2b87 TlDr Much like our representation to the Standing Committee on Home Affairs we sent across a few concerns on the Pegasus Spyware incident to the Standing Committee on IT that we thought needed addressing at their meeting on November 20 2019. Our primary ask has been that the Committee invite those affected by the hacking to provide testimonials Some background If you havent caught up with the ongoings of Indias recent cybersecurity incident heres a statement we put out on the issue in case you need a bit of catching up to do [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/statementscarydisclosuresonuseofnsospywareinindiasignalaneedforurgentremedy/. In brief relying on spyware supplied by an Israeli cyberintelligence firm which was installed through a missed call on Whatsapp after which an attacker would gain complete access to a smartphone individuals in India were found to have been targetted. Specific asks of the Committee Our representation covered the lack of legality the violation of privacy and the unavailability to remedy as we did with the Committee on Home Affairs. However the most significant of the asks we made of the Committee lies in the request that the victims of the hacking be given the stage to provide testimonials before the Committees. A number of these individuals have even put out a statement asking the Government to reveal information on the issue [read here for more]https//countercurrents.org/2019/11/openlettertothegovernmentofindiafrompegasustargetedpersons. It is important that these first hand human experiences be provided to fully demonstrate the patently criminal surveillance they have been subjected to. In light of all of this heres an interesting titbit Isreali law requires that an export permit is granted for the sale of this software [theres a whole licensing process]https//www.novalpina.pe/wpcontent/uploads/2019/06/LegalOpinion.pdf therefore the software supplied by the NSO Group is regulated under this. So we thought it was important for the Committee to consider inviting the Israeli government to appear before the them to shed some light. Further [in Facebooks civil complaint]https//www.huffingtonpost.in/entry/whatsappsnoopingpegasusdocumentsshowindiangovernmentlikelyculpritin5dbbbd74e4b057bf506fa196 in the California Court an annexure of a contract between the NSO Group and Ghana indicates that the System Provider which is the NSO Group shall receive a certificate which would also contain the identity of the end user. This would be particularly interesting information to happen upon in order to establish identity in the attacks in India. Looking at the bigger picture we did touch upon broader concerns of India cybersecurity with these suggestions for consideration. Need for updation Indias National Cybersecurity Policy has not seen any amendments since 2013 and while the new National Cybersecurity Coordinator has indicated that his office is seeking to ensure India has a new Cybersecurity Strategy in 2020 Parliament must act to ensure that this is openly consulted on drawing on inputs from security researchers and other Indians who can provide their expertise to ensure a stronger National Cybersecurity Strategy that has widespread public support and awareness. Lack of guidance The time for a permanent advisory body is now more than ever. There is need for continuous counsel on matters of advancing technology and we have encouraged the Committee to ask the Government on how it can form a standing Digital Security Advisory body with stakeholders beyond civil servants particularly as existing statutory bodies such as the Cyber Regulation Advisory Committee mandated by the Information Technology Act appear to be dormant. While the heat of these events begins to fade we hope that the Committee considers our suggestions to ensure it is made fully aware of the incident and its hit to Indias cybersecurity. Important Documents 1. Representation to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Information Technology dated 20.11.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1cTKj1XwkU5tdUxj33ZIdhjQMnNsdSgS/viewuspsharing\] 2. Statement on the Pegasus Spyware hack \[[link]https//internetfreedom.in/statementscarydisclosuresonuseofnsospywareinindiasignalaneedforurgentremedy/\] Were fighting for surveillance reform in India [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. How cultivation of medicinal plants gets boost along banks of Ganga. India grants telcos relief by deferring spectrum payments. 2000 note is the preferred mode for unaccounted cash says govt data. Jobless growth Job growth less than half of GDP. Reason for their backwardness.: From Discover on Google https//www.livemint.com/news/india/uttarpradeshtopschartinpdscorruptionbiharcomessecond11574211343570.html. Govt to sell BPCL in mega push for privatization. Cabinet approves twoyear moratorium on spectrum payments for telecom companies. Nirmala Sitharaman press conference highlights Cabinet approves 2year moratorium on spectrum dues from telcos. Wont invest in any new projects in Andhra UAEbased Lulu group snubs YSRCP govt. Choked amp Crippled How The Internet Blockade Is Devastating Kashmirs Entrepreneurs And Innovators. Homebuyers Have Filed Over 1800 Cases Under Insolvency Law Govt. Will revive BSNL make it profitable Ravi Shankar Prasad. I came across this on twitter. How accurate is this As a taxpaying citizen who paid lakhs for his undergraduate degree how justified is this. Guys better start smoking combustible tobacco with tar before they bust you for trying to revive your dying lungs and lead a healthier life. Reliance at their 52 week high. sensex at new heights. Can they keep the trend: Reliance continue to push sensex to new heights. They registered a 52 week high points.. Journalistic bodies oppose communication and movement restrictions in Kashmir before the Supreme Court:  https//preview.redd.it/y44ghg8sxsz31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps18057b8e865ca01e560b64154b83e737d65dc791 Tldr In the ongoing hearings before the Supreme Court senior advocates for the Indian Journalists Union IJU and the Foundation for Media Professionals FMP argued against the severe communication and movement restrictions imposed in Kashmir. Mr. Huzefa Ahmadi appearing on behalf of IJU compared the governments stance in the present case to the infamous majority decision in ADM Jabalpur v. Shivkant Shukla during the Emergency. He further urged the Court to consider the proportionality of the restrictions and whether they were narrowly tailored and the least restrictive alternative available to the government. Mr. Dushyant Dave appearing for the Foundation for Media Professionals extensively cited the Constituent Assembly Debates to emphasize the Supreme Courts role as the guardian of fundamental rights against executive action which always favours social control over individual liberty. He also relied upon a recent Kerala High Court decision and the National Telcom Policy 2012 to argue that in a digitized world where internet connectivity is necessary to access essential services access to the internet is a fundamental right. ADM Jabalpur The sequel no one wants to watch Mr. Huzefa Ahmadi the Senior Advocate appearing for IJU began his arguments yesterday by referring to the infamous majority decision in ADM Jabalpur v. Shivkant Shukla which is widely considered to be the darkest hour in the Supreme Courts history. He drew parallels between the governments affidavit and the majority reasoning in ADM Jabalpur which left fundamental rights at the mercy of executive benevolence. Interestingly the arguments were happening in Court No. 2 where a portrait of the sole dissenting judge in ADM Jabalpur Justice HR Khanna hangs on the walls. Mr. Ahmadi then proceeded to explain that orders under Section 144 Code of Criminal Procedure can be passed only if there is genuine apprehension of public disorder based on material facts relating to a specific area. For instance the government could issue orders under Section 144 for certain districts which are especially volatile but it cannot impose blanket restrictions throughout the state. He explained that security concerns would vary depending on various factors such as whether a district is close to the border etc. and the government should assess the situation in each district individually and provide specific reasons. While discussing proportionality Mr. Ahmadi cited the 5 judge bench decision in KS Puttaswamy v. Union of India which struck down mandatory linking of Aadhaar with bank accounts because such a requirement presumed that everyone was a money launderer. In KS Puttaswamy the Supreme Court had held that a mere ritualistic incantation of money laundering and black money would not satisfy the proportionality test and justify mandatory Aadhar linkage if there were other KYC methods available. Similarly in this case the government could not merely cite vague national security concerns to justify such prolonged and severe restrictions on an entire population. Who will save us from becoming a police state if not the judiciary Mr. Dushyant Dave the Senior Advocate appearing for FMP started by noting that the government had treated this case in a cavalier manner and caused significant delay despite the fundamental rights of millions of citizens being at stake. The Court then cautioned the government that the Solicitor General would have to argue as soon as the intervenors finish and no further adjournment would be granted. Mr. Dave began by quoting from an Israeli Supreme Court decision where the judges held that enhanced interrogation techniques were not permissible in a democracy even if this means that the government must fight terrorism with one hand tied behind its back. In a democractic setup the government cannot resort to the same kind of tactics that terrorists do and if such an attempt is made it is the duty of the judiciary to strike it down. Mr. Dave then extensively quoted from the Constituent Assembly Debates to explain how the framers intended the Supreme Court to act as a bulwark against the excesses of the executive branch which is always more concerned about social control than individual liberty. Mr. Dave further argued that the government has imposed the communication shutdown and movement restrictions to prevent people from voicing their protest against the abrogation of Article 370. He then cited the recent Hong Kong High Court decision which struck down an antiface mask measure as disproportionate despite violent demonstrations having taken place. He cautioned the Court against accepting the governments vague arguments about national security which lack any material basis because it would set a dangerous precedent. He argued that similar restrictions could next be imposed in states with high Naxalite presence and the Court must intervene to prevent India from becoming a police state. Mr. Dave cited several cases to establish that the fundamental right to life under Article 21 must be interpreted broadly to include the right to access the internet. He relied upon a recent Kerala High Court decision and the National Telcom Policy 2012 to argue that in a digitized world internet connectivity is a basic need like health or education. He concluded his arguments by asking the Court to evaluate the restrictions based on the situation prevailing in Kashmir in August and not in November when some of the restrictions have been eased. He also criticised the governments practice of submitting material evidence in sealed covers because petitioners can never meet a case they do not know. Rolling Credits IJU was represented by Senior Advocate Mr. Huzefa Ahmadi Advocate on Record Mr. Shadan Farasat and Advocates Jahnavi Sindhu and Shruti Narayan. FMP was represented by Senior Advocate Mr. Dushyant Dave Advocate on Record Astha Sharma and Advocates Apar Gupta Vrinda Bhandari Kajal Dalal Abhishek Manchanda and Devdutta Mukhopadhyay. Various news outlets such as Live Law Bar and Bench and the Quint have published excellent detailed reports about the hearings in the case and you should definitely check them out as well. The next date of hearing in the case is Thursday 21 November 2019 where Senior Advocate Ms. Meenakshi Arora will continue arguments on behalf of a Kashmir based lawyer who has also intervened in the case. After Ms. Arora concludes the Solicitor General will begin arguments for the government. Important Documents 1. Written Submissions filed by FMP [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGc0F0QzU0TnBmQzBOS1ZPSktydzFtWlZNUUlB/viewuspsharing Today it is Kashmir tomorrow it could be any state in India. Help us preserve the system of checks and balances and the health of our democracy through court centered advocacy. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. An Imbalanced Ecosystem Startups in India. Big fall in Rs 2000 notes seized in income tax raids. Public Sector Banks reported frauds of over 95700 crore in AprilSeptember. Budget 2020 Govt to focus on tax incentives private investments. 53 road crashes 17 deaths per hour in 2018 Annual government report. Uttar Pradesh tops chart in PDS corruption Bihar comes second. Was India doing better during the Congress rule or is doing better during this current BJPs rule: Positive and evident debate would be a huge favor for me. Just a kid wanting to understand the current state of India. Would really like to have deep insight and understanding of todays economy as to what we shared during the Congress rule. Thank you . Modi PMO Ordered Illegal Electoral Bond Sale Before Vital State Polls. Indias staterun banks report frauds of over 13 bn in 6 months FM Nirmala Sitharaman. India says ecigarette ban implies use of devices also prohibited.  . India says law permits agencies to snoop on citizens devices TechCrunch. India says law permits agencies to snoop on citizens devices.. Kashmir shutdown caused losses of more than 1 billion trade body says. The consequences of Vodafone Idea Limited going bust. Agri Entrepreneurs Cell for startups expected to be launched soon. Reliance Capital Pensions registration under NPS cancelled PFRDA. Wealth creators must never be forced to live at the mercy of looters. OPECs share of Indian oil imports in October hits lowest since 2011. Is Bhutans shift in policy to levy Indian tourists a set back to Indian diplomacy with the state: [removed]. The lives of Indian sanitation workers. IFF submits comments to the Standing Committee on Science amp Tech highlighting worries with the DNA Bill 2019.:  Processing img d72pn1hu0lz31... Tldr The DNA Bill is back. The DNA Bill aims to regulate the use and outputs of DNA technology in certain cases and has been the subject of many a debate. It was introduced once again in July 2019 in the Lok Sabha after having lapsed in 2018. It was then referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee of Science and Technology Environment and Forests on October 18. The Committee invited comments on the Bill till November 18 and oh did we have a lot of comments. Whats it all about India has been attempting to introduce legislation that regulates DNA technology since the early 2000s but thankfully has been largely unsuccessful until recently making our fears quite real. The current DNA Technology Use and Application Regulation Bill 2019 has seen a number of redrafts bringing it to its present form and yet continues to be problematic. Were grateful to be able to voice these concerns as the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science and Technology Environment and Forests has invited comments on the Bill after it was referred to them. Unfortunately as submissions made cannot be fully public prior to the Committee publishing their report so we highlight our major concerns to give you an understanding of why we think the DNA Bill not only needs to undergo further work but also needs to be introduced only after a solid data protection law is in place. A few of our very many concerns No data protection legislative framework With no overarching data protection legislation in India the lack of obligation within the Bill to ensure protection especially by the DNA Laboratory as a either mere collectors or even processors of the DNA collected have no alternative safeguards in place to remedy data breaches or ensure informed consent. Similarly there is nothing to govern the sharing of such sensitive data ensuring purpose limitation is maintained. Profiling and surveillance DNA profiles can reveal extremely sensitive information about an individual such as their skin colour illness susceptibility to diseases and any access to such intrusive information can be misused to specifically target individuals with their own genetic data and is particularly worrying as it could be used to incorrectly link a particular caste/community to criminal activities. Further in the event that such a databases are then linked to others worrying databases in existence it is bound to give rise to Government conducted mass surveillance. Overbroad provisions Our submission tackles the lack of legitimate use by the Bill it indicates that DNA technology intends to be used for extremely wide criminal and civil purposes alarm bells are ringing. We argue that the Bill as such extensive databasing of DNA data requires to meet the conditions set by the Supreme Courts judgement in Puttaswamy of which one is a greater public purpose the databasing of DNA used in civil cases does not fulfill this criteria. Further even within criminal cases there is need to limit the collection of DNA to the investigation and prosecution of cognizable crimes to ensure the data in the DNA database is minimal and controlled. The submission details a plethora of other concerns ranging from lack of privacy safeguards such as no informed consent storage and sharing of information and the power of the DNA profiling board. We are grateful that the Committee has invited nonofficial witnesses/experts to provide their views on November 27 and hope that both written and oral submissions that come their way will be taken into strong consideration resulting in the suggestion of a much required revising of the Bill. Important Documents 1. Cover letter attached to the call for comments on the DNA Technology Use and Application Regulation 2019 by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science and Technology Forests and Environment dated 18.11.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Np0gw0yfK0lviUCU4U1EOtdPSYUHxt/viewuspsharing\] Want the Government to know you insideout Didnt think so. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. IFF submits comments to the Standing Committee on Science amp Tech highlighting worries with the DNA Bill 2019.:  Processing img 0murn1w70lz31... Tldr The DNA Bill is back. The DNA Bill aims to regulate the use and outputs of DNA technology in certain cases and has been the subject of many a debate. It was introduced once again in July 2019 in the Lok Sabha after having lapsed in 2018. It was then referred to the Parliamentary Standing Committee of Science and Technology Environment and Forests on October 18. The Committee invited comments on the Bill till November 18 and oh did we have a lot of comments. Whats it all about India has been attempting to introduce legislation that regulates DNA technology since the early 2000s but thankfully has been largely unsuccessful until recently making our fears quite real. The current DNA Technology Use and Application Regulation Bill 2019 has seen a number of redrafts bringing it to its present form and yet continues to be problematic. Were grateful to be able to voice these concerns as the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science and Technology Environment and Forests has invited comments on the Bill after it was referred to them. Unfortunately as submissions made cannot be fully public prior to the Committee publishing their report so we highlight our major concerns to give you an understanding of why we think the DNA Bill not only needs to undergo further work but also needs to be introduced only after a solid data protection law is in place. A few of our very many concerns No data protection legislative framework With no overarching data protection legislation in India the lack of obligation within the Bill to ensure protection especially by the DNA Laboratory as a either mere collectors or even processors of the DNA collected have no alternative safeguards in place to remedy data breaches or ensure informed consent. Similarly there is nothing to govern the sharing of such sensitive data ensuring purpose limitation is maintained. Profiling and surveillance DNA profiles can reveal extremely sensitive information about an individual such as their skin colour illness susceptibility to diseases and any access to such intrusive information can be misused to specifically target individuals with their own genetic data and is particularly worrying as it could be used to incorrectly link a particular caste/community to criminal activities. Further in the event that such a databases are then linked to others worrying databases in existence it is bound to give rise to Government conducted mass surveillance. Overbroad provisions Our submission tackles the lack of legitimate use by the Bill it indicates that DNA technology intends to be used for extremely wide criminal and civil purposes alarm bells are ringing. We argue that the Bill as such extensive databasing of DNA data requires to meet the conditions set by the Supreme Courts judgement in Puttaswamy of which one is a greater public purpose the databasing of DNA used in civil cases does not fulfill this criteria. Further even within criminal cases there is need to limit the collection of DNA to the investigation and prosecution of cognizable crimes to ensure the data in the DNA database is minimal and controlled. The submission details a plethora of other concerns ranging from lack of privacy safeguards such as no informed consent storage and sharing of information and the power of the DNA profiling board. We are grateful that the Committee has invited nonofficial witnesses/experts to provide their views on November 27 and hope that both written and oral submissions that come their way will be taken into strong consideration resulting in the suggestion of a much required revising of the Bill. Important Documents 1. Cover letter attached to the call for comments on the DNA Technology Use and Application Regulation 2019 by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science and Technology Forests and Environment dated 18.11.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1Np0gw0yfK0lviUCU4U1EOtdPSYUHxt/viewuspsharing\] Want the Government to know you insideout Didnt think so. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Why is govt selling BPCL and air india privatisation I know but Id like to know in detail how exactly itll benefit us. 5 Kerala nuns join protest demanding justice for 2 sisters found hanging. Three men accused of alleged abuse and murder of the sisters were acquitted last month sending shockwaves across the state as the postmortem report of the 9yearold showed evidence of unnatural sex.. How Indias growth bubble fizzled out Another article on the Indian economy as it stands. Are we suffering the after effects of our negligence to house hold consumer expenditure survey 201718: House hold expenditure survey was a 40 year low in 201718 and our government chose to hide these statistics sighting poor data quality. That was one of the first surveys which stated the sad state of our economy. That choke is still in our throat.. NDTV might go down and under fear auditors. India Has People. It Needs Consumers Supply shocks are no longer the problem. Getting the economy on track needs ordinary people to spend.. The fountainhead of Indias economic malaise Dr.Manmohan Singh. Is India on the verge of a stagflation: [removed]. Kerala is the only state that did better than the national average on all these indices. Public Affairs Index. Electing youknowwho for the first term was a mistake but the second time was carelessness. Do you people here wish for a two child policy to be implemented all over India or wait it out to settle down: Unrestrained and irresponsible married couples have children regardless of the numbers without thinking of the long term costs in terms of money and time in raising children. This has led to increase in populations who are in the poverty line and also a strain on economic resources available. India has combated child marriage sati and lack of education for the girl child up to a good extent so two child policy implementation is also possible. I am aware that Population growth rate in the world has been on the decline overall as well as in India and China too but the rate at which people are born is still quite high compared to the rate at which equal distribution of wealth happens and this could affect government policy regarding affirmative action law and order health etc. What if some underprivileged sections of society due to social status or some communities by virtue of some belief or faith disregard proper family planning and go ahead with reproducing too much which leads to far more crime emergence from certain communities and leading to riots squalor and violent competition over resources and clashes between communities haves vs haves not etc. in the next coming decades... A Shouldnt two child policy be implemented along with the current policies of affirmative action for everyone and slowly do away with affirmative action as all communities reach parity B Or should we just continue with the policies in place now and let the birth rate overall to decrease and wait it out and let certain communities whether because of faith or being not educated enough increase in population size and replace the communities which are slowly decreasing and simultaneously deal with the bad recoil or bad side effects of this lack of two child policy Many links from reliable sources have been given below. Of all these one of the most concise and easy to understand is the last link from the United Nations graph accessible from the last link given or the link right at the bottom link 5 1. [http//www.viewsoftheworld.net/p3535]http//www.viewsoftheworld.net/p3535 2. [https//www.who.int/gho/countries/ind/en/]https//www.who.int/gho/countries/ind/en/ 3. [http//apps.who.int/gho/data/node.country.countryIND]http//apps.who.int/gho/data/node.country.countryIND 4. [https//ourworldindata.org/worldpopulationgrowth]https//ourworldindata.org/worldpopulationgrowth 5. [https//population.un.org/wpp/Graphs/Probabilistic/POP/TOT/356]https//population.un.org/wpp/Graphs/Probabilistic/POP/TOT/356 C Or do you people have a third idea apart from the two paths A and B Ive mentioned above. Newsline Latest Rise of Trade Protectionism India and Chinas Afghan Contest Modi vs Gandhi and Science puts Immortality to Test. Modi govts doctrine of governance behind economic slowdown Manmohan Singh. Modi Govt Ignored All of RBIs Warnings Against Electoral Bonds Report. Bill Gates Sees Rapid Growth In India Economy Praises Aadhaar Scheme. Manmohan Reveals Root Cause of Economic Malaise and Why India is Entering Dangerous Territory. Delhi Jal Board refutes Centres report of tap water being unfit for drinking. When Mr Vikas meets Ms Denial Satish Acharya cartoon. Bid goodbye to antiprofiteering provisions under GST. Sowing seeds of destruction. Bharat Petroleum Air India to Be Sold by March OnlyScoop. Finance Minister Fudged Budget Numbers to Conceal Real Fiscal Deficit Yashwant Sinha. Indias need for a sovereign digital currency. Do you people here wish for a two child policy to be implemented all over India or wait it out to settle down: [removed]. AP govt ends tieup with Singapore consortium scraps Amaravati project. I need help of Doctors of r/India. Stomach Infection and loosing Weight: hi Docs i am in very bad situation right now. i am from Mumbai i was in different city for few daysBangalore and suddenly one day i had uncontrolled loose motions so after waiting till 1230 am in night i decided to go to the hospital doctor gave me some pills and told me take these. i took the pills but still i was not feeling good so i moved back to my hometown for treatmentMumbai doctor here told me that i have Stomach Infection and gave me medicine for couple of days we tried her pills 2 different times after that she told me to do blood test and Sonography tests. i am linking my test results below. on tldr according to the test i have Serum Protein 8.34 N.R. 6/7.8 and Serum Globulin 4.6 N.R. 2.3/3.5 high results while everything else appears normal. according to the Sonography results i had 3mm stone in my UVJ that i passed few days ago so its not a big issue but it seems that this stomach thing returned as soon as i stopped taking medicine. my doctorShes BHMS/MUHS gave me medicines for both diseases alongside her own 3 medicines. Ivarab DSr Amlycane Ds for 10 days. Calcury Neeri KFT for one month Egoflam for 5 days and Cital for 3 days by mixing it in water. ampx200B after taking these medicines for 23 days i felt like everything is going fine i started getting Hungry i was able to eat food stomach pain was gone i even passed my stone loose motions were gone and i was feeling good. but after i took the final pill of Ivarab DSR on the final day within 24 hours i started facing same problems again. ampx200B after eating Ocra Sabzi next day i got horrible gas had to pass stool couple of times but situation was under control in next few hours but i faced same situation next dayyesterday i woke up with gassy stomach i was not able to eat anything even if i was hungry i finally passed some lose stool so i took some medicine to stop that. went to the doctor in evening and she gave me her dabbi ones pills for 3 times. i was feeling better due to Sporlac last night but today again i wok up with gas and bloatedness and i had to force myself to eat as little as i could right now. my parents are thinking that its all in my head and not supporting me anymore. i also took weight test and learned that i lost over 5 kgs in 10/11 days despite i started eating 3/4 rotis with curry in morning and some rice or fruits in evening. should i be worried can anyone here tell me what should i do ampx200B all started in 23 of last month so its nearly a month long problem now i just want to feel normal guys i am tired. my current symptoms are bloatedness Gas not getting hungrycant eat even if i get hungry etc. ampx200B please help me if you can being from lower middle class family i dont think that i can even afford to pay for medicine now even simple medical tests costs 1k to 2k now and my father is sole bread winner in my family.. People from many industries are coming to us and saying they are out of distress. Sr. Advocate Harish Salve opiniates on the recent SC verdict. Poor Farmers Get Only Rs 8/Kg For Onion. Why Does It Cost Us 99/Kg Who Makes All The Profit. Air India Bharat Petroleum Corporation to be sold by March FM Nirmala Sitharaman. Economy is fine as people are getting married. India resumes buying Malaysian palm oil as Kuala Lumpur offers discount Report. Q2 GDP growth to decline to per 4.9 per cent NCAER. Groping in the dark on the economy.. India economy a society problem: 1 when India gained independence we start seeing the private company as British East India successor so to many restrictions on the company to work. company start giving bribe to make progress in their work which starts the system of merchantpolitics. 2 We Indian start worshipping farming as the main tool to remove poverty not as a tool to fill the stomach of Indian. which start system to give everything free to the farmer and stop the market hand in farm product. In 1960 when India has widespread drought a new system to store food come into India by which government start to buy cereal from the farmer and distributing it. problem with it is that Farmer starts selling the crop to the government but how much government can buy and distribute it there are 1960 35kr people in India you cant reach to everyone with that level of technology. so left out farmers sell their crop in one time which decrease the price of the crop . Also due to this system there is no need for food storage by the farmer so no one makes new storage it other than the government. 3In India there is the problem of the people mentality its so where when people started to make fun of Pakdoanomics nad Teanomics it is job from where main uplifting of poor come into the market. how many people and story you know where father sell tea and pakdoa and parethe and chat son become food store chain owner. in my village neighbourhood one man comes from Mumbai and start a Badapav stall at Chopal about 2 years ago today he give work to his 3 brothers and move out to city to open stall at the chopal 5 new food stall open seeing his success. today important to more people come into the foodstall industry with there liquid money to give people Job because in production and farming job are decreasing . and government cant stomach both muchneeded infrastructure whose cost are manyfold increases due to the price of land and a government job for people. 4Culture of office in India job is only related with to dream with an office with too much file. so why will normal people want to do the manual job so manual job become poorest people work with that there work price decrease with low budget come you death which all time happen in India.. Are you ready for the ride bois Shits about to get real.. I somewhat understand where the government is coming from but its absolutely disheartening. People marrying so no slump Minister. Kerala Just Made This A Basic Right Something That The Rest Of India Should Emulate. Arun Shourie Prashant Bhusan hold press conference on SCs judgement on Rafale. Tax officials find governments targets too taxing some quit. Increasing economic inequality in India: According to new survey of NSO consumer spending has been plummeted for first time in 4 decades. Main reason is decrease in expenditure in rural area. Does this mean people in village becoming poor which will eventually lead to more economic inequality. Now inhale Oxygen in Delhi at just Rs 299 Oxygen bar opens for Delhiites choking with Air Pollution. No Consumer Spending Survey for 201718 Over Data Quality Issues.. JalebisandPoha. Trust at stake Govt to hike deposit insurance cover. Consumer spending declines for first time in four decades. We provide the Standing Committees on Home Affairs with suggestions as they discuss the Pegasus scandal: ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/yi42n5esety31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps5d052629521ef36cb0d343bf1f8aab2fbd55c372 TlDr The recent expose on snooping conducted on the Whatsapp platform through the use of Pegasus in India has garnered a lot of attention from the public press and thankfully even Parliamentary Standing Committees. Press reports indicate interest has been showed by the Standing Committee on Home Affairs in examining the matter. We wrote to them with a few suggestions on the issue to take into consideration at their meeting today. Some background Our representation made sure to provide the Committee with brief background information on the incident. We covered our bases by explaining the role of CitizenLab the NSO Group and the discovery of the attacks in India. We previously put out a statement on the issue in case you need a bit of catching up to do [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/statementscarydisclosuresonuseofnsospywareinindiasignalaneedforurgentremedy/. Our worries We provide sufficient emphasis on the lack of legality to this entire fiasco. Here are a few snippets of our explanation No legality There is no provision under Indian law under any circumstance that provides legal basis for the installation of such spyware the powers under the preexisting surveillance provisions of the Telegraph Act 1885 and the Information Technology Act 2000 do not permit the installation of spyware or hacking of mobile devices or computer resources which is in fact criminalised under the Information Technology Act 2000. Unimaginable hit to privacy The constitutional standard established in K. S. Puttaswamy v. Union of India 2017 10 SCC 1 applicable to the violation of the right to privacy finds this instance of snooping to go way beyond the requirements of proportionality and necessity conditions heavily mandated. No remedy As secrecy is an inherent trait of surveillance the individual under surveillance has no manner of proving it thereby being unable to establish a breach which curtails remedy to an individual under Article 32 and 226 of the Constitution. In light of these concerns we offered a few suggestions for the Committee to consider in their discussions on the issue. Testimonials and expert opinions We ask that individuals affected by this large breach of privacy be invited to provide testimonials in order for the Committees to gather necessary information it requires for it to take any necessary measures. Need for disclosure There is need for engagement with the Government in order to obtain clarity on this deep violation of human rights. We ask that significant Government officials be invited to depose before the Committees in order to obtain transparency through official disclosure of these concerning series of events. Call for a moratorium In line with the key recommendation made by the report of the United Nations Special Rapporteur on freedom of opinion and expression we request the Committee to publicly state the need for an immediate moratorium on the use or purchase of human rights violating surveillance technology by the Government until rigorous safeguards are put in place. We hope the Committee has taken our inputs into consideration and addressed the looming concerns this incident has raised with regard to surveillance practices in India. Important Documents 1. Representation to the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Home Affairs dated 14.11.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1XNkXAVhU6FpnwqoVfywMjDbCM3mEcb/viewuspsharing\] Agree that India needs surveillance reform [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Consumer spending falls after 4 decades NSO data. Just say moo:  [https//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/editorials/justsaymoojnuhostelstudentsprotest6120262/]https//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/editorials/justsaymoojnuhostelstudentsprotest6120262/. ONGC standalone net profit falls 24.22 per cent to Rs 6263.13 crore. Consumer spend sees first fall in 4 decades on weak rural demand NSO data. 265 fake news websites in over 65 countries managed by Indian influence networks study. Government Business expected to be taken up during the Second/Winter Session of Seventeenth Lok Sabha 2019. Economy may be on downswing but in the same period fortunes of Indias political parties have risen dramatically show declarations filed to the Election Commission. In this episode OnRealityCheck takes a look at the dramatic rise in the fortunes of Indias ruling party.. Cheated for Solitaire Diamond Ring [help]: [removed]. Moodys cuts Indias GDP growth forecast to 5.6 per cent for 2019. Narrowing options in jammu and kashmir. Vodafone Group Vodafone CEO Nick Read says remarks on Indian joint venture distorted apologises to government. Setting the Record Straight Nehru and his Policies Shaped modern India and its economy. Do you all know that Reservations actually got increased by Right Wing Governments: The recent Economically Weaker Section EWS reservations and the Other Backward Classes OBC reservations were both brought about by Right Wing governments. OBC under Morarji Desai through the establishment of the Mandal Commission and its submission of the report and EWS under Narendra Modi by ameding article 15 of the Constitution of India. Both parties were right wing and both parties emerged victorious against the Congress which is considered centrist but also left leaning. [http//www.ncbc.nic.in/Writereaddata/Mandal20Commission20Report20of20the201st20Part20English635228715105764974.pdf]http//www.ncbc.nic.in/Writereaddata/Mandal20Commission20Report20of20the201st20Part20English635228715105764974.pdf [https//pib.gov.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid191413]https//pib.gov.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid191413 Moreover Maratha reservations in the state of Maharasthra also came about under a right wing state government. The BJP under Devendra Fadnavis. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/bombayhcupholdsmarathareservationswantsitreducedto1213/articleshow/69974236.cms. Does anybody here realise that reservations was increased and brought about on two occasions by right wing governments. Railways records lowest freight loading since 2010. Credit Ishtyaque Cartoons. Indian Economy In Recession Thanks To Demonetisation Says Economist Arun Kumar. One Pan Card mistake amp you have to pay Rs 10000 Penalty. Suggestions/Comments invited on amendment to the Emblems and Names Prevention of Improper Use Act 1950 Submit by 20th December: Department of Consumer Affairs has proposed to increase the penalty for improper use of emblems from Rs. 500 to Rs. 1 Lakh. Repeat offenders may attract a fine of Rs 5 Lakhs and six months imprisonment. Draft Document [Amendment to Section 5 of the Emblems and Names Prevention of Improper Use Act 1950]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/amendsection5ofemblemsnames.pdf Deadline 20th December notified on 5th November Contact id dircwfcanic.in. Comments/Suggestions invited on Regulations notified under the Consumer Protection Act 2019 Submit by 2nd December: Department Department of Consumer Affairs Deadline 2nd December notified on 13th November Contact id email to dscpucanic.in or post to Deputy Secretary CPU Department of Consumer Affairs Room No. 461 Krishi Bhawan New Delhi110001. [Draft regulations]https//consumeraffairs.nic.in/draftregulations. Suggestions invited by DCPCR to draft Early Identification Disabilities Policy: Delhi Commission For Protection of Child Rights DCPCR is planning to to formulate a state policy to identify disabilities in children at the earliest possible stage to ease the process of integrating them in mainstream schools later in life. Send your inputs to anurag.kundugov.in News report [https//indianexpress.com/article/education/movetomainstreamkidswithdisabilitieswillidentifyintegratethemearly6112250/]https//indianexpress.com/article/education/movetomainstreamkidswithdisabilitieswillidentifyintegratethemearly6112250/. Farmers concerns and rural development is top priority Centre. Supreme Court has held that office of the Chief Justice of India is a public authority and comes under the transparency law the Right to Information Act.. Gujarats Particulate Emissions Trading Has Cut Pollution Lifted Profits. [Discussion] Lets discuss the situation of ECONOMY.What should be done to stop this slowdown.: Situation of ECONOMY is really concerning.Knowledgeable folks kindly explain situation and suggest what should be done by government to stop this messthough unfortunately economy is not governments priority.. [Discussion] Lets discuss the situation of ECONOMY. What should government do to improve this situation.: Situation of ECONOMY is really concerning.Knowledgeable folks kindly explain situation and suggest what should be done by government to stop this messthough unfortunately economy is not governments priority.. Onion prices are fueling inflation in India but RBI may still ignore it. While policy makers will assess the accompanying foodprice data it may not be compelling enough to hold their attention. Govt to consider TCS Infosys proposals to set up SEZ on November 15. States should scrap APMCs and move on to eNAM FM. This reply from a virat hindu on my comment about 300 increase in hate crimes against minorities source report from University of Massachusetts Amherst . He initially replied that he didnt see a problem in minorities getting killed and backing up the killings he commented this.. Suggestions Invited from Industry and Trade Association for Budget 202021 Submit by 21st November:  Department Department of Revenue Deadline 21st November notified on 11th November Contact id budgetcbecnic.in for indirect tax ustpl3nic.in for indirect tax or post to Shri G.D. Lohani Joint secretary TRUI CBIC for indirect tax Shri K.C. Varshney Joint secretary Tax and Policy Legislation TRLI CBDT for direct tax Document [Notice for suggestions Invited from Industry and Trade Association for Budget 202021 regarding changes in Direct and Indirect tax]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/lettertrade111119.pdf. Indias electricity demand falls at fastest pace in at least 12 years. How Indias Data Requests From Tech Giants Have Skyrocketed Over The Years. Comments/Suggestions invited on Rules notified under the Consumer Protection Act 2019 Submit by 2nd December 2019: Department Department of Consumer Affairs Deadline 2nd December notified on 11th November Contact id email to dscpucanic.in or post to Deputy Secretary CPU Department of Consumer Affairs Room No. 461 Krishi Bhawan New Delhi110001. Documents 1. [Consumer Protection Central Consumer Protection Council Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftccpcrules.docx 2. [Central Consumer Protection Authority Selection and Term of Office of Chief Commissioner and other Commissioners Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftchiefcommissionerandcommissionerrules.docx 3. [Consumer Protection Consumer Disputes Redressal Commissions Rules 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftconsumercommissionrules.docx 4. [Consumer Protection Mediation Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftmediationrules.docx 5. [Consumer Protection eCommerce Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftecommercerules.docx 6. [Consumer Protection Direct Selling Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftconsumerprotectiondirectsellingrules.docx 7. [Consumer Protection Qualification for appointment method of recruitment procedure of appointment term of office resignation and removal of the President and members of the State Commission and District Commission Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftstatecommissionanddistrictcommissionrules.docx 8. [Consumer Protection Salary allowances and conditions of service of President and Members of the State Commission and District Commission Model Rules 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/draftmodelrules.docx. Andhra Pradesh cancels project by Singapore consortium for Indian states new capital city. Aadhar card woes Can someone please tell me what I am doing wrong.: I moved back to India earlier this year after spending the last 9 years overseas. As a result I did not have an Aadhar card I have a PAN card though. After coming back I applied for an Aadhar card thrice but it was rejected all 3 times. For the first 2 attempts I provided 2 different documents my passport as proof of identity and proof of birthdate. For proof of address I provided a bank statement from HDFC. For the 3rd attempt at a different enrollment center the operator said that the passport alone would suffice as proof of identity address and birthdate. This operator seemed more knowledgeable than the one I had in my first 2 attempts so I assumed I was in good hands. Sadly this application was also rejected. I reached out to UIDAI for reason of rejection each time and every time their reply was incorrect documents. I am not sure how to proceed now. Has anyone had a similar experience Appreciate any tips/suggestions. TIA . Blockchain Coffee Platform of India Gets Notable Adoption Gets 30000 Farmer Sign Ups. Centre to follow Mission Bhagiratha model all over country. Another whistleblower guns for Infosys CEO Salil Parekh Report business news. Explained Why SBI expects Indias Q2 GDP to grow by just 4.2. Q2 GDP growth could fall below 5. IAF to sign contract this fiscal to procure 83 LCAs. India will become 10 trillion economy within 10 to 15 years Rajnath Singh. Spyware Maker NSO Promises Reform but Keeps Snooping. Can Bollywood Cop Movies Influence RealLife Crimes A Report Finds Out. Wah modiji Wah. Hard Times This family in Delhi has not replaced its toothbrushes because of an income squeeze. Its not the politicians but the people that are ruining the country: Looking at the current situation of maharashtras election results and seeing people around me admire some dirty politics Ive realized that Politicians are more focused on establishing their government than doing something good for people. Establishing government is one thing to be done But now it has become their prime focus and people are still supporting them. They are admiring them for playing dirty politics. This community is somewhat aware but it is not even 0.018 of indias total population. So majority of remaining population think that elections are a competition of influencing people. We as citizens of this country are failing to punish mistakes of politicians. India big gay. Governor rejected Shiv Senas request for 48 hours to form government says Aaditya Thackeray. Woes of the common people discarded as common problems. A feature about flood victims at Athani Karnataka. Also it is my first attempt at making visual content.. New 2019 coins stupidly sized as compared to 2018 coins.. Manmohan Singh Nominated to Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance. While Delhi has its pollution mask on the rest of India might need one too. For different reasons of course...:  https//preview.redd.it/hkwjgw7w20y31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps050b29449cd1e22e3eaf0a0e1b6436e23363ee81 Tldr The concoction of CCTVs and Facial Recognition continue to ring alarm bells. We recently even received a response from the NCRB to a legal notice sent to them. But in light of the continuing growing concerns of CCTVs and facial recognition technology in the recent weeks we throw a few more kicks to fight against this trajectory of mass surveillance. Our worries still remain Facial recognition softwares have created a cause for concern not only in India but across the world. Blatant issues of misindentification discriminatory profiling and just incredibly high levels of inaccuracy have been demonstrated even by researchers in Georgetown and MIT. Recently in the Delhi High Court in Sadhan Haldar v. The State NCT of Delhi amp Ors W.P. CRL 1560/2017 before the High Court of Delhi the Ministry of Woman and Child Development has submitted that the facial recognition software used by the Delhi Police to identify missing children is so inaccurate that not only was its match rate only 1 it also misidentified pictures of boys with that of girls. Step by step attack 1. Axe Kick Correspond with Government bodies We sent a legal notice to the NCRB with a copy to the Ministry of Home Affairs MHA on the illegality of the tender for Automated Facial Recognition Systems explaining the current lack of legislative safeguards to oversee such a technology and the features that create widespread cause for concern [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/maskon/. [Our previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/thencrbresponds/ updated you on the back and forth weve had with the NCRB recently. 2. Vertical Front Kick Few Questions As always were armed with all the RTIs we could possible file. So in response to one sent to the NCRB we were given minutes of the meeting held with the bidders for the AFRS but other information requested was denied on account of the tender process still going on. According to the response most vendors asked for an extension specifically for a consortium to bid for the tender certain standards required by the systems and especially whether systems should be able to identify cases of plastice surgery [Have a closer look at the response]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1ltUSEIOoUQMwFzvxubJejnW7Y1JvIT/viewuspsharing. We have filed another RTI with the Airport Authority of India on the deployment of facial recognition in airports in Varanasi Pune Kolkata Hyderabad and Vijaywadi for copies of tenders bids and minutes of any meetings. 3. Final leg sweep Floods of Questions The deployment of such facial recognition systems is largely reliant on the installation of CCTVs and is being conducted extensively in various states. Hence we filed RTIs with the states of New Delhi Bangalore Jammu and Kashmir and Maharastra. Delhi Informed that most of the information abouf the Request for Proposal and bids submitted was available in the public domain and that no entities were empanelled for the project [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1l0k0J2i2kJM9f7M2EHvu7aGTmfndvMtI/view. Maharashtra It provided information of the number of cameras the period of storage and the agencies that have access to the CCTV footage [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1R6I7uakmKABwcr8DToGk3tgFtaddJWKz/viewuspsharing. Concerned with how this has extended to installation of CCTVs in schools as well on the request of a student that reached out to us we filed an RTI with Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law in Punjab on the CCTVs on campus. The response was overwhelming with a total of 74 CCTVs and even specified a list of locations where the CCTVs are located [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/openid1J6HVORyn5FknlOpV72rQo29du3sIHY. We are well aware of the limited public funds in place and systems that are neither accurate nor in accordance with the protection of individual fundamental protections are an incredible cost to public exchequer and the rights of an individual. While these technologies may be a comforting scarecrow we need to be careful of its eyes in disguise. Important Documents 1. Response to the RTI filed with the National Crime Records Bureau dated 09.09.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1ltUSEIOoUQMwFzvxubJejnW7Y1JvIT/viewuspsharing\] 2. Response to the RTI filed with the State of Maharashtra on CCTVs \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1R6I7uakmKABwcr8DToGk3tgFtaddJWKz/viewuspsharing\] 3. Response to the RTI filed with the State of New Delhi on CCTVs \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1l0k0J2i2kJM9f7M2EHvu7aGTmfndvMtI/viewuspsharing\] 4. Response to the RTI filed with the Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law on CCTVs \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1J6HVORyn5FknlOpV72rQo29du3sIHY\] 5. Recent post on Facial Recognition Systems \[[link]https//internetfreedom.in/thencrbresponds/\] Everybody is kungfu fighting... against mass surveillance [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. So you are that Kakodkar. Are you happy. More pain for midsenior IT employees as companies plan further layoffs. Rupee expected to weaken further. The law thats helping fuel Delhis deadly air pollution A policy to conserve water resources led to the rise of a major source of air pollution making breathing Delhis air as bad as smoking 50 cigarettes.. Indian economy currently facing challenges says Nirmala Sitharaman. Wow Housefull 4 already earned 252.57 crore US37 million. Thought concerning the current situation in Kashmir: [removed]. All indians should die GO BACK TO YOUR SHITHOLE i hate my government for allowing stinky indians to come into my beautiful country racism is everywhere because of indians they bring bad stuff: [removed]. India in Top 10 Countries by Military Spending. Watch the exciting bar race comparison of military spending by countries worldwide from 1914 to 2019.. Business News Today Economy News Latest Share Market Stock Market News in India. Data on Farmers: Greetings Fellow Indians I have been looking for datasets on farmers their loans plot size suicide rates etc Unfortunately I am unable to access the database from gov websites mostly because it isnt maintained and I have been getting some URL errors. Can someone please suggest me data sources csv files records excel files etc Its for a good cause I want to shed some light on the silent farmers crisis going on. [News] Chelsea vs. Crystal Palace Football Match Report November 9 2019 ESPN India: [removed]. Andhra Govt to Close Half of the Bars in the State Reduce Working Hours from New Year. India and the Mistrust Economy. Asia Pacific Architecture vs Indo Pacific Architecture Indias Balancing Act Between China and the US.. Suggestions invited to draft policy to regulate adhesives for fixing wigs on scalp or hair cleansing scalp products and artificial nail systems Submit by 4th December: Department Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation Deadline 4th December 30 days from 4th November Contact id dcinic.in Document [Public notice on draft policy to regulate adhesives for fixing wigs on scalp or hair cleansing scalp products and artificial nail systems]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/publicommentscos.pdf. Comments Invited on Report of the Working Group to Review the Regulatory and Supervisory Framework for Core Investment Companies Submit by 30th November 2019: [removed]. Indian Court Favors Hindus in Dispute Over Ayodhya Religious Site. Delhi Air Pollution More than 80 Farmers Arrested in Punjab for Burning Stubble Says Police Officer. Piyush Goyal to visit US again next week to give another shot at stalled trade deal. In light of the insane housing prices along with the regularly reported unsold flats in all the major metropolitan cities what if the govt instituted a mandatory price deflation of say 2 per year on housing units from the day of purchase while reselling.: It could discourage real estate squatting also as a side benefit. What am I missing here How am I wrong Genuinely curious.. Demonetisation Indias Biggest Financial Disaster Ep. 115 TheDeshBhakt with Akash Banerjee. Tried for a demonetisation meme. Parliamentary standing committee invites suggestions on The Occupational safety health and working conditions code 2019: ampx200B Mail id [comm.labourlsssansad.nic.in]mailtocomm.labourlsssansad.nic.inNotification [http//164.100.47.193/lsscommittee/Labour/pr\files/Final20press20communique.pdf]http//164.100.47.193/lsscommittee/Labour/prfiles/Final20press20communique.pdf [https//www.prsindia.org/sites/default/files/bill\files/Occupational20Safety2C20Health20and20Working20Conditions20Code2C202019.pdf]https//www.prsindia.org/sites/default/files/billfiles/Occupational20Safety2C20Health20and20Working20Conditions20Code2C202019.pdf. Kids from Kerala village host a committee meeting to buy a Football . Its so precious.. Ayodhya verdict date Supreme Court to pronounce verdict in Ram MandirBabri Masjid land dispute case tomorrow India News Times of India. Ashok Leyland posted decline of 97 in standalone profit before tax at Rs 19.11 crore during the quarter ended September 2019. This one is one of the finest summaries of the Demonetization that you can watch. What did India gain out of Demonetisation. What did India gain out of Demonetisation . Maharashtra Government BJP pushing Maharashtra towards Presidents rule NCP. Rakesh Asthana case Polygraph report says bribe claim appears truthful. Patanjali will set up a new food and herbal park project in Noida. On note ban anniversary a former finance ministry official wants Rs 2000 demonetised.. NCRB finally responds to legal notice on facial recognition we promptly send a rejoinder...:  https//preview.redd.it/v2hlrxapdfx31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps5b8c2885966ae7bee88fbaec778a2da0d61bafbf Tldr We sent a legal notice to the National Crime Records Bureau NCRB on August 18 2019 to halt and recall the invitation for bids for the implementation of a centralised Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS put out on June 28 2019 with extremely worrying features of the system. With no response we sent a follow up on October 31 2019 to which we received a very detailed reply by the NCRB on November 5 2019. Excitedly we readied ourselves to send across a rejoinder to their response but much to our dismay we largely had to restate our original asks. Position unchanged The follow up to our legal notice was graced by peculiar circumstances. The NCRB responded on November 5 2019 with a detailed parawise reply to our notice dated August 18 2019. However not long after we received emails from NCRB officials stating that they wished to recall the email response sent to us. Naturally we wrote back enquiring if an updated or finalised version of the document needed to be sent to which there has been no clarification. Given the tender closes today we promptly sent across our rejoinder two days back in the same format of their response. It involved us indulging in a lot of rebutting and heres what we had to say briefly. 1. Main submission dealt with legality Our legal notice informed the NCRB that there was no legislative framework that gave AFRS any legality and we reiterated that once again. Why Because the NCRB informed us that AFRS will be hosted on the CCTNS database which finds its supposed legality in the CCTNS Cabinet Note of 2009. We made sure to explain that a cabinet note is not a statutory enactment but a record of proceedings and hence AFRS continues to lack legality. We very clearly observed that the use of such systems on dead bodies appears slightly redundant on account of bodies beginning to decompose within 24 hours after death which does not justify public expenditure on this. 2. Flawed understanding of consent The response was firm in stating that the principle of consent would not be violated but did not have much to substantiate this point. It also says that Aadhaar would not be integrated with AFRS. We sure had a lot to say to this our rejoinder pointed out the inadvertent access that the integration of various databases will provide. Further the Aadhaar database through the already existing access State police have quite clearly violates consent considering that an individual may have only given consent to one database and its use. 3. Systems are apparently too cutting edge Our concerns of misidentification and discriminatory profiling were met with blanket responses that AFRS would simply not face these problems as it would meet NIST standards National Institute of Standards and Technology and also have sufficient safeguards in its Standard Operating Procedure. Our response makes sure to highlight how without any legal framework there would be nothing to provide for strict safeguards and also cases from San Francisco and Massachusetts that have found that their cutting edge technology too faces concerns of misidentification and discriminatory profiling. 4. No need for proportionality/safeguards but oversight and accountability will still exist The response by the NCRB claims that there would be no need for proportionality or any safeguards and they substantiate this with requirements provided for device security and unauthorised access. We point out their misunderstanding of proportionality and safeguards by explaining our worries of mass surveillance that could ensue because of such unregulated technology. Stop In the name of law It is important to note that a lot of what the NCRB has stated marks a large departure from what the Request for Proposal the tender document states. Although we appreciate the NCRBs efforts in responding to our legal notice at the end of this we had to restate most of our initial submissions. While we do not want to take any credit for this outcome the date for the tender has once again been extended to January 3 2020. As a result our rejoinder continues to ask for a withdrawl of this tender and a moratorium on all privacy invading projects until a data protection law and authority is in existence. We intend to examine all legal options to challenge it after conferring with counsel if it proceeds further. Important Documents 1. IFF rejoinder dated November 6 2019 to NCRB response dated November 5 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1Cb9BtySI7Z7IM7tvAJGNRqQ96ypAGtbN\] 2. NCRB Response dated November 5 2019 to IFF legal notice dated August 18 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B3J0iAyRzCGxRXViUWcya3RXS0hXb3cxeDJYQU5DWnZKZnhj/viewuspsharing\] 3. Follow up Representation to the National Crime Records Bureau dated August 31 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1GyoJvBCFrfo2jvChS6GIuJpRjCC92Hu\] 4. Previous post on Facial Recognition Systems \[[link]https//internetfreedom.in/maskon/\] 5. Legal notice to the National Crime Records Bureau dated August 18 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1XNeqiyjCF0KWbiZB5mRUCtVyyxU2wj2v/viewuspsharing\] Do you see eyetoeye with us on how problematic facial recognition systems can be [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. People caught on camera exchanging their blackmoney after Masterstroke step of Demonetisation. How to get Vietnam Visa in India. Why these 4 Indians fell down. Moodys cuts India outlook to negative due to probability of a more entrenched slowdown. NCRB finally responds to legal notice on facial recognition we promptly send a rejoinder...:  https//preview.redd.it/pffdvqa28ex31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps39b47e0b720b265eccce82d30cfdeb9f5a904f08 Tldr We sent a legal notice to the National Crime Records Bureau NCRB on August 18 2019 to halt and recall the invitation for bids for the implementation of a centralised Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS put out on June 28 2019 with extremely worrying features of the system. With no response we sent a follow up on October 31 2019 to which we received a very detailed reply by the NCRB on November 5 2019. Excitedly we readied ourselves to send across a rejoinder to their response but much to our dismay we largely had to restate our original asks. Position unchanged The follow up to our legal notice was graced by peculiar circumstances. The NCRB responded on November 5 2019 with a detailed parawise reply to our notice dated August 18 2019. However not long after we received emails from NCRB officials stating that they wished to recall the email response sent to us. Naturally we wrote back enquiring if an updated or finalised version of the document needed to be sent to which there has been no clarification. Given the tender closes today we promptly sent across our rejoinder two days back in the same format of their response. It involved us indulging in a lot of rebutting and heres what we had to say briefly. 1. Main submission dealt with legality Our legal notice informed the NCRB that there was no legislative framework that gave AFRS any legality and we reiterated that once again. Why Because the NCRB informed us that AFRS will be hosted on the CCTNS database which finds its supposed legality in the CCTNS Cabinet Note of 2009. We made sure to explain that a cabinet note is not a statutory enactment but a record of proceedings and hence AFRS continues to lack legality. We very clearly observed that the use of such systems on dead bodies appears slightly redundant on account of bodies beginning to decompose within 24 hours after death which does not justify public expenditure on this. 2. Flawed understanding of consent The response was firm in stating that the principle of consent would not be violated but did not have much to substantiate this point. It also says that Aadhaar would not be integrated with AFRS. We sure had a lot to say to this our rejoinder pointed out the inadvertent access that the integration of various databases will provide. Further the Aadhaar database through the already existing access State police have quite clearly violates consent considering that an individual may have only given consent to one database and its use. 3. Systems are apparently too cutting edge Our concerns of misidentification and discriminatory profiling were met with blanket responses that AFRS would simply not face these problems as it would meet NIST standards National Institute of Standards and Technology and also have sufficient safeguards in its Standard Operating Procedure. Our response makes sure to highlight how without any legal framework there would be nothing to provide for strict safeguards and also cases from San Francisco and Massachusetts that have found that their cutting edge technology too faces concerns of misidentification and discriminatory profiling. 4. No need for proportionality/safeguards but oversight and accountability will still exist The response by the NCRB claims that there would be no need for proportionality or any safeguards and they substantiate this with requirements provided for device security and unauthorised access. We point out their misunderstanding of proportionality and safeguards by explaining our worries of mass surveillance that could ensue because of such unregulated technology. Stop In the name of law It is important to note that a lot of what the NCRB has stated marks a large departure from what the Request for Proposal the tender document states. Although we appreciate the NCRBs efforts in responding to our legal notice at the end of this we had to restate most of our initial submissions. As a result our rejoinder continues to ask for a withdrawl of this tender and a moratorium on all privacy invading projects until a data protection law and authority is in existence. We intend to examine all legal options to challenge it after conferring with counsel if it proceeds further. Important Documents 1. IFF rejoinder dated November 6 2019 to NCRB response dated November 5 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1Cb9BtySI7Z7IM7tvAJGNRqQ96ypAGtbN\] 2. NCRB Response dated November 5 2019 to IFF legal notice dated August 18 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B3J0iAyRzCGxRXViUWcya3RXS0hXb3cxeDJYQU5DWnZKZnhj/viewuspsharing\] 3. Follow up Representation to the National Crime Records Bureau dated August 31 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1GyoJvBCFrfo2jvChS6GIuJpRjCC92Hu\] 4. Previous post on Facial Recognition Systems \[[link]https//internetfreedom.in/maskon/\] 5. Legal notice to the National Crime Records Bureau dated August 18 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1XNeqiyjCF0KWbiZB5mRUCtVyyxU2wj2v/viewuspsharing\] Do you see eyetoeye with us on how problematic facial recognition systems can be [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Moodys lowers Indias outlook to negative from stable. Ratings agency Moodys lowers Indias outlook to negative from stable. Yamraj carries away Pedestrians crossing Railway Tracks in Mumbai. This is why the Supreme Court should take some blame for Indias economic crisis. JampK Police Denied Media Reports of Illegal Arrests of Minors. Its Own List Is Proof to Contrary thewire.in. Agriculture ministry relaxes fumigation norms on onion imports. No fruit of this labour Kashmirs apple trade. Apple orchard owners and traders in Kashmir are facing a huge loss of income amid the uncertainty that has followed the abrogation of Article 370 on August 5 which was also the start of their marketing season. Suggestions Invited on Draft Drug and Cosmetics DampC Amendment Rules 2019 Submit by 23rd December 2019:  Department Ministry of Health and Family welfare Deadline 23rd December 45 days from 6th November Contact id drugsdivmohfwgov.in or post to the Under Secretary Drugs Union Health Ministry New Delhi or emailed at Document [Draft Drug and Cosmetics DampC Amendment Rules 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/dgser827e.pdf. [News] Twitter is reportedly expanding its Topics feature test to a wider user base Firstpost: [removed]. Railways replace 1 litre Rail Neer bottles in Shatabdi trains with 500 ml bottles to check water wastage. Top companies shying away from IIT placement season says report. [News] Kartik Aaryans Dialogue on Marital Rape in Pati Patni Aur Woh to be Edited Out Report News18: [removed]. IMF wants govt to be more credible transparent on fiscal numbers. The Strange Triumph of Narendra Modi. IMF wants govt to be more credible transparent on fiscal numbers. Bailing out builders in the name of helping the Economy Why govts decision to infuse 25000 crores into stalled housing projects is wrong: The Indian real estate sector is in a real mess. Hardly a month has been passed since the PMC Bank depositors were left deprived of their money and even Yes Banks financials was in shambles. All due to one real estate giant called HDIL which not only promptly defaulted on their loans but also committed a great fraud by creating several fictitious accounts to receive this loaned money in the first place. Indias other real estate companies arent any good either this sector is in need need of great reforms. In fact NPAs in the real estate sector by builders form the majority of NPAs in most troubled banks today. But should the reform come in the form of a bailout package of 25000 crores at the taxpayers expense [Continue Reading]https//techtudor.blogspot.com/2019/11/bailingoutbuildersinnameofhelping.html. Effect of Onion Price Rise. Obtaining EVisa with recent arrest: Hey all Last week I was arrested for public intoxication this is a low ranked misdemeanor where I got it. I am planning on going to India in December and the tickets have already been booked. Will this arrest prevent me from getting the EVisa If anyone else has a criminal record how did you write about it in the additional comments section Thanks.. Economic Times CAG drops audit of etender scam in Madhya Pradesh.... Comments/Suggestions Invited on Draft of the Private Security Agencies CentralAmendment Model Rules 2019 Submit by 6th December 2019:  Department Ministry of Home Affairs Deadline 6th December posted on 6th November Contact id uspmnic.in Document [Comments/Suggestions Invited on Draft of the Private Security Agencies CentralAmendment Model Rules 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/privatesecuritymodelrules06112019.pdf. Suggestions Invited on Draft Notification on Food Safety Standards Safe Food and Healthy Diets for School Children Regulations 2019 Submit by 3rd December 2019:  Deadline 3rd December posted on 4th November Contact id regulationfssai.gov.in or post to the Chief Executive Officer 03rd Floor Food Safety and Standards Authority of India Food and Drug Administration Bhawan Kotla Road New Delhi110002 Document [Draft Notification on Food Safety Standards Safe Food and Healthy Diets for School Children Regulations 2019 ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/pressnotedraftnotificationschoolchildren04112019.pdf. Comments Invited on Proposed Amendment to Arms Act 1959 Submit by 18th November 2019:  Department Ministry of Home Affairs Deadline 18th November notice date 4th November Contact id singh.amarjitgov.in Document [Proposed Amendment to Arms Act 1959]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/actandruleamendmentsmerged041120190.pdf. I am reading Swaraj by Arvind Kejriwal and Shiksha by Manish Sisodia. It is the best red pill you can take to understand the total harsh reality in India. If anyone wants its Ebook then download it from the Telegram channel link in comments.: [removed]. BCCI To Scrap IPL Opening Ceremony Calls It Waste Of Money Report. Centre Announces Rs. 25000 Cr fund for stalled real estate projects. What makes doing business easier. [News] MS Dhoni unlikely to commentate in DayNight Test at Eden Gardens Report Hindustan Times: [removed]. Is it immoral to be billionaire.Thoughts. India To See 10 Salary Increase In 2020 Report. CPI Maoist 6th deadliest terror outfit in world US report india news. New York Times on Indian Slowdown and Mistrust economy. India and the Mistrust Economy. Amid lacklustre demand from infra sector ICICI Bank shuts project financing division. Whats causing pollution in India . In strategic shift India mulls a trade agreement with US India News Times of India. Tai in english is aunty. Will India experience mass migration: India is rapidly running out of recourses. It is [already losing much of our water]https//thewaterproject.org/watercrisis/waterincrisisindia. Those from rural regions are affected the most. More are moving to cities but the cities are overcrowded. With nowhere to go and tensions rising it seems higher percentage of Indians will migrate. Instead of wealthiereducated families coming here most are likely be poor. Those moving to wealthier nations may have to struggle for resources. Mass displacement could lead to discrimination and conflict towards the Indian minority. Where do you think Indians are most likely to migrate What problems do you think they will face regarding starvation dehydration violence and crime Is there a way to prevent this. [News] India adds 1300 startups 7 unicorns in 2019 Nasscom report Livemint: [removed]. Govt may change new base year for GDP to 201718 decision likely soon. India makes it to this list. In huge relief to PMC Bank depositors RBI increases withdrawal limit to Rs 50000. New base year for GDP to be decided in few months. India adds 1300 tech startups 7 unicorns in 2019 Nasscom report. Rahul Priyanka say RCEP will destroy jobs economy. Indias sugar production may drop 63 lakh tonnes in 201920. What percentage of tax is being utilized : How much of the taxpayers money is utilized in the infrastructures and facilities provided by the govt What would happen if just 10 of the tax goes as black money in the ministers pocket and the 90 is used for development . New base year for GDP to be decided in a few months. Rs 7000crore bank fraud CBI registers 35 cases searches 169 places. Mumbais newest train runs today Western Railway set to trial Uttam rake with CCTVs better seats and red emergency buttons. Lakshadweep Islands to be turned into world class tourist destinations. Andhra Pradeshs New Education Policy Could Create Lasting Structural Changes. In a twopronged approach the state is providing financial assistance to mothers of schoolgoing children and changing the language of instruction in government schools to English.. How is Money created how changes in it leads to biggest wealth Transfer from working class to asset owner or create risk incentives to increase production amp productivity. The role of Central Banks Government amp Commercial Banks Part 1. Financial Arrhythmia Government Mismanagement Private Sector Malfeasance and the Indian Economys Trip to the Emergency Room: [removed]. Instead of OddEven scheme guess we need Modulo 7 Scheme.: The remainder will give the day of the week. And hope this will reduce the pollution. D. Government suggests nine hour working day in draft labour code. Onion set to bring tears to consumer as retail price nears Rs 100 a kg. Vegetables surges by 10 to trade at Rs 55.5 a kg in Lasalgaon mandi. It is being sold for Rs 7080 in retail across the country. Voting Pads on Hire in Pune Audience Response System. PMC bank scam Another depositor dies family claims death due to lack of money for treatment. Bihar bans commercial vehicles older than 15 years.. police officer being assaulted by protesting lawyers Vingish News Vingish corporation. Suggestions Invited on Streamlining the Management of Public Grievance Portal Submit by 5th December: CPGRAMS Portal is an online platform i.e PG portal Public Grievance portal that enables the citizens to file complaints . Department of Administrative Reforms amp Public Grievances via mygov.in invites public inputs to streamline the working of this portal. Department Department of Administrative Reforms amp Public Grievances Deadline 5th December Submission link [https//www.mygov.in/groupissue/shareyourideassuggestionsstreamliningmanagementpublicgrievancescpgramsportal/]https//www.mygov.in/groupissue/shareyourideassuggestionsstreamliningmanagementpublicgrievancescpgramsportal/. Taking Cue from Delhi Lucknow Set for OddEven Scheme as Air Pollution Shoots Up in Uttar Pradesh. India Exits Asias Mega Trade Pact Decides Not to Join RCEP Agreement According to government sources the trade agreement does not reflect its original intent and that the final outcome is not fair or balanced.. How to Really start a protest in this country: As we all know things are really shitty right now The unemployment rate is at 8.9 Lot of bigotry in country unkept promises Nations leader scared of press conferences Media houses showing everything is rosy how to rally the countrymen to pay attention to what is actually going on Please dont come at me with we are doomed nothing can be done Leave the country. Sources India decides not to join Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership RCEP agreement. PM stands firm as key concerns not addressed there will be no compromise on core interests. RCEP agreement does not reflect its original intent. Outcome not fair or balanced.. Indias per capita income rises 10 to 10534 a month in FY19. Comments invited on Preliminary draft of the Wages Central Rules Submit by 1st December: Department Ministry of Labour Document [Preliminary draft of the Wages Central Rules under Section 67 of the Code on Wages 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/11/preliminarydraftofthewagescentralrulesundersection67ofthecodeonwages2019.pdf Summary 1 Nine hours shall constitute a normal working day under section 13 2 housing rent expenditure to constitute 10 per cent. of food and clothing expenditure Deadline 1st December One month from 1st November 2019 Contact id rajiv.ranja76gov.in Deputy Director Ministry of Labour and Employment malick.bikashgov.in Assistant DirectorMinistry of Labour and Employment. After Depositors the PMC Scandals Second Potential Victim is Trust in Indias Financial System. Cancer cases rise by over 300 in 1 year India News Times of India. The Mueller Reports Secret Memos. Govt avoids fixing minimum wage in draft rules suggests 9hour working day. Today is Nobel laureate Amartya Sens birthday. I dont see how this is less than an act of terrorism. The authorities should task our commandos to shoot on site any farmer burning their crops and endangering millions of lives.. UP CM Allots Rs 446 Cr to Buy Land for Digital Museum on Lord Ram. Whats really ailing the Indian economy Is this slowdown structural in nature or is it the cyclical slowdown that happens in a normal economic cycle. How can the government amp Reserve Bank of India RBI intervene to alleviate the effects of the slowdown through various fiscal amp monetary policy init. An important thread by the IAS officer who resigned recently:  [https//twitter.com/naukarshah/status/1190475891563999232]https//twitter.com/naukarshah/status/1190475891563999232 By how the ship is driven to iceberg of hate folks would rather one eye in aim of removing two eyes of the other. In process of otherization by hate one doesnt realize the actual exploitation of the elites.. A disaster is looming on us.. UP Cabinet approves Rs 446.46 cr for digital museum Lord Rams statue in Ayodhya. 9 Million Jobs Lost in 6 Years a First in Indian History. [Old][NP] Gurgaon Has Better Quality Of Life Than Singapore Hong Kong Kuala Lumpur Report. This week Joker and Housefull 4 saved India. Next week what: Before skipping reading the entire post just because the post consists of Housefull 4 hear me out. The Indian Economy right now is in shambles. By shambles I mean its crumbling down. The worst part of the phase of the economy is being seen in India. India needs people to consume more and more so that we consume more expenditure happens government can get tax on it. But that is happening only due to movies right now. joker and housefull etc. Most important part 1Unemployment Is at its peak high. Highest in years. Production and industries Is gone in negative growth rate. 2The GDP For all noneconomic bummers GDP is your total production of the goods and services in country is going low and has fallen. 3The automobile sector Low and falling significantly. 4 Inflation Highest in July. However thank God its right now in control and at a manageable rate. But there are chances of inflation rate crossing double digits. 5 Industries Worst show ever put in 14 years. Im an economic major which has studied such stuff and Im telling you/forecasting/predicting you The economy of India is going to fall soon. Please be prepared. Just wanted to tell you to be prepared. I can see the tip of the iceberg. Good luck. Sources are posted. Sources 1 https//theprint.in/opinion/indianeconomyslowdowndeclineimfworldbankgdpgrowthrateforecasts/313168/ 2 https//tradingeconomics.com/india/inflationcpi 3 https//www.indiatoday.in/business/story/unemploymentinoctoberrisesto85highestinover3years161475120191101 4 https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/coresectorputsupworstshowin14yearsshrinks52inseptember/articleshow/71845707.cms. Facebook Was Used to Incite Violence in Myanmar. A New Report on Hate Speech Shows It Hasnt Learned Enough Since Then. Cognizant to lay off up to 7000 staff. Core sector output falls to 5.2 worst in 14 years.. List Of GI Tags In India 20182019. Bihars internet shutdown orders reveal vague but relatively narrow suspension of mass messaging platforms:  https//preview.redd.it/eabv2wnap0w31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps71f67a1c49354219d63c906ae7255441d4f7b093 Tldr IFF filed RTIs with various state governments seeking copies of internet shutdown orders issued under Section 144 Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 or the Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services Public Emergency or Public Safety Rules 2017. While most states gave obfuscatory responses Bihar was the only state which has provided actual copies of orders. An analysis of the orders provides two interesting insights. First the orders only direct blocking of specific mass messaging platforms such as Facebook Twitter WhatsApp etc. and do not require suspension of internet services in their entirety. Second while the Rules state that orders must contain reasons explaining why there is a threat of public emergency or threat to public safety the orders issued by the Bihar Government are extremely vague. Background In mid June 2019 IFF filed RTIs with almost all state governments seeking information about internet shutdowns since 2010 under Section 144 Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 or the Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services Public Emergency or Public Safety Rules 2017 Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. The responses received from most state governments were highly disappointing with different departments transferring the RTI application to each other endlessly claiming that no information was available with them or stating that they were an exempt entity under Section 24 of the RTI Act. The Bihar Government was a notable exception and it agreed to provide us access to copies of actual orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. First lets start with the good stuff We must give the Bihar Government credit when it is due and we appreciate that unlike many other states it complied with its obligation to ensure transparency in governance by answering our RTI queries. We were provided copies of 29 orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 in 2017 and 2018. Much to our surprise an analysis of these orders revealed that the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 were being used by the state government to block access to specific mass messaging platforms such as Facebook Twitter and WhatsApp instead of suspending access to internet services in their entirety. In some aspects the orders were relatively narrow. For instance ISPs were only directed to block uploads on YouTube. ISPs cannot usually block specific features on a platform as anything over HTTPS only allows yes/no blocking of the entire website or application. However for large payloads like video this may be possible by dropping the connection based on send/receive ratio. In certain other aspects the orders were openended and quite broad. For instance in addition to specific websites and mobile applications listed by the government ISPs were also expected to suspend access to other social networking sites meant for mass messaging. Blocking of websites and mobile applications should typically happen under Section 69A of the Information Technology Act 2000 and Rules made thereunder. However the powers under Section 69A are only available with the Central Government and not State Governments. This may have motivated the Bihar Government to resort to the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 to issue these orders. Alas there is much scope for improvement Under Rule 22 of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 the competent authority has an obligation to specify reasons for the issuance of an order. Unfortunately none of the orders we have analysed meaningfully comply with this requirement. All the orders copy paste the same boilerplate language about how the local administration apprehends that anti social elements will spread objectionable content which could cause disaffection and disharmony or incite violence. However none of the orders mention any specific incidents which have given rise to this apprehension. As we have [previously noted]https//internetfreedom.in/governmentfilesaffidavitinkashmircommunicationshutdownandpressfreedomcase/ in the context of telecom suspension orders relating to Kashmir this type of vagueness is deeply problematic because it prevents us from being able to evaluate the reasonableness and proportionality of these restrictions. This demonstrates how opacity in the use of powers under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 is a panIndia problem. Parliamentary questions have revealed that the Central Government does not maintain any record of internet shutdowns ordered by State Governments and it has not conducted any review of the working of the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017. Unless there is official recordkeeping and periodic review of the social economic and political impact of internet shutdowns we fear that arbitrary use of these extraordinary powers will continue. IFF and other civil society organizations such as SFLC have tried to bring about greater transparency and accountability in the telecom suspension process through RTIs but the primary responsibility for proactive disclosure of shutdown orders must remain with the government. Important Documents 1. Copy of orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules 2017 by the Bihar Government [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGWHk3aTlYclo1Uy1WTnpVMk1SSHRjVzJVbEtV/viewuspsharing Internet shutdowns affect so many but we know so little about them due to lack of transparency. Help us continue our RTI work by [becoming an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. 14 Debates on Mandir 66 Attacking Opposition but None on the Economy. Bhima Koregaon Lawyers Were Targeted In WhatsApp Spyware Scandal. India jumps up to 63rd spot in World Banks ease of doing business ranking.. BREAKING Core sector growth for the month of September declines further on monthly basis comes in at 5.2 Vs 0.5 in August. Scary disclosures on use of NSO spyware in India signal a need for urgent reform: ampx200B ampx200B https//preview.redd.it/lax2nk4h3vv31.pngwidth1024ampformatpngampautowebpamps7093b00b551d5c733be8480df1c8c09a858ef376 Today the Indian Express [broke a story]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/whatsappconfirmsisraelispywareusedsnooponindianjournalistsactivistspegasusfacebook6095296/ about how spyware developed by an Israeli cyberintelligence firm NSO Group was used on dalit activists journalists and lawyers in India. The spyware Pegasus would be installed through a missed call on Whatsapp after which an attacker would gain complete access to a smartphone. As per the NSO Group Pegasus was only sold to government clients. Subsequent reports by [Huffington Post]https//www.huffingtonpost.in/entry/whatsapphackingbhimakoregaonlawyerstargetedin5dba8e9ae4b066da552c5028 and [News Laundry]https//www.newslaundry.com/2019/10/31/breakingbelabhatiaanandteltumbdeamongindianssnoopedonusingisraelispywarehave revealed that the targets include lawyers in the Bhima Koregaon case Bela Bhatia and Anand Teltumbde. This raises some extremely disturbing questions about likely illegal hacking by unknown government agencies or other actors operating in India and suggests flagrant disregard for the rule of law and contempt for our fundamental right to privacy. There is an urgent need for official disclosure on whether and how this spyware was used in India to hack our citizens. The Government of India must issue an official public statement providing complete information. The Government must also clarify which law empowers it to install such spyware. To the best of our understanding and knowledge no such power exists under Indian law and the preexisting surveillance powers available under the Telegraph Act 1885 and the Information Technology Act 2000 do not permit the installation of spyware or hacking mobile devices. Hacking of computer resources including mobile phones and apps is in fact a criminal offence under the Information Technology Act 2000. This expose signals a need for urgent surveillance reform to protect citizens against the use of malware spyware and creation of vulnerabilities in technologies which offer privacy protection by design. We call on the Government to stand by democratic commitments and reject the use of spyware in their pursuit of social objectives of policing and security. Legislative measures must be introduced in Parliament to uphold the 9 judge bench decision of the Supreme Court of India recognizing privacy as a fundamental right. The use of legal or technical means to access data and intercept communications in India must be authorised only in emergency situations under judicial control and oversight and with other protections to safeguard our citizens. Over the next few weeks we at IFF will attempt to reach out to any victims of illegal surveillance in India and we will make every attempt to ensure that they can access the legal system to seek redress. We will also examine avenues for further engagement with all branches of government legislative executive and judicial to advance our ongoing work on surveillance reform. In addition to seeking transparency through full disclosure we hope to work towards solutions to ensure that something like this never happens again. We will continue our public advocacy through the SaveOurPrivacy Campaign which seeks to put forth a model draft law that provides for judicial oversight and parliamentary controls in the surveillance process. In July a revised version of this model draft law was introduced in Parliament as a private members bill by Dr. Ravikumar as the Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 which if enacted may help prevent such a recurrence. If you have been affected by this breach we are here to help and please feel free to reach out to us at policyinternetfreedom.in. Important Documents 1. Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 introduced in Parliament [link]https//internetfreedom.in/personaldataandinformationprivacycodebill2019introducedintheloksabhatodaysaveourprivacy/ 2. IFFs Surveillance Reform PIL W.P. Civil No. 44 of 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid0B9LKE1DkhtFNzNMSjVidG9wUUZqZlpSbnRNeGlCZ0tDR0dn 3. Save Our Privacy Campaign [link]https//saveourprivacy.in/. Indonesia Threatens to Report Countries for Refusing to Take Back Waste. Part of the problem with the Indian economy is that no one knows what to believe. Saw selectors getting tea for Anushka Sharma Farokh Engineer lashes out at selection committee. Gold amnesty scheme soon to overcome limited success of earlier IDS. Vodafone Idea is reportedly struggling Indian government may step in. 10thLargest Indian State to Release Policy for Blockchain and AI Tamil Nadu. Exclusive Govt may float amnesty scheme for unaccounted gold set up gold board Sources. Why does India export [buffalo] beef and import electronics: A byproduct of the milk industry most of which is from buffaloes are male buffaloes. Since male buffaloes are no longer used on farms only a few are kept for breeding purposes and the majority are butchered as soon as they reach optimal size around 2 years of age. The meat thus obtained is then shipped off mostly to China via Vietnam. In return the money earned by these exports is used to purchase electronics and other high tech products from China. Isnt this a most STUPID thing to do Buffalo meat is probably among the most nutritious food that there is. Also if cooked properly it can be among the most delicious food. The Indonesian dish Rendang made from buffalo meat was vote the No. 1 most delicious dish of the Worlds 50 most delicious foods [https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendang]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rendang. So isnt it better to feed buffalo meat to the local population so that undernourishment is eliminated and vast numbers of Indians do not become physically and mentally stunted and instead grow to their full potential Such a well nourished population can then create its own high tech products instead of importing them at high margins from a hostile country.. More and more IT professionals looking for a new job. Comments Invited on The DNA Technology Use and Application Regulation Bill 2019 Submit by 18th November 2019: Authority Parliament Standing Committee on Science amp Technology Environment amp Forests Deadline 18th November Notified on 18th October Contact id rscstsansad.nic.in Document [The DNA Technology Use and Application Regulation Bill 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/thednatechnologyuseandapplicationregulationbill2019billtext1.pdf. Comments Invited on Consultation Paper on Cloud Services Submit by 20th November: Department Telecom Regulatory Authority of India Deadline 20th November Notified on 23rd October Contact id advqostrai.gov.in or posted to Shri. Asit Kadayan Advisor QoS Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI Mahanagar Door Sanchar Bhawan J.L. Nehru Marg Old Minto Road New Delhi 110002 India. Document [Consultation Paper on Cloud Services]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/cp23102019.pdf. Comments Invited on the Seeds Bill 2019 Submit by 13th November 2019: Department Department of Agriculture Cooperation amp Farmers Welfare Deadline 13th November Uploaded on 26th October 2019 Contact id jsseedsagrinic.in amp m.gunasekrannic.in Document [The Seeds Bill 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/draftseedbill.pdf. Why Does Our Government Refuse To Acknowledge The Economic Slowdown. Centre proposes amnesty scheme for gold fine on gold above fixed quantity under scheme Report Firstpost. Airports for sale Modi government to privatise six more airports Adani may get all of them. Supreme Court ruling on AGR may prove a death blow for telcos. India to invest 100 bn by 2024 to create energy infra PM tells Saudi companies. After Demonetisation GST Signing RCEP Will be Third Jolt to Economy Says Congress. Decision to Privatise BPCL and HPCL Suicidal Workers to Strike Work on Nov 28. Narendra Modi wanted to end MGNREGS. Now its his only tool to ride through slowdown. Indian economy is on a decline. So why are IMF and World Banks growth forecasts so high. With no official data India is in dark about poverty numbers. New energy firms amp telcos stare at default NPA fear grips banks. Most of our parents think of Arvind Kejriwal as a lunatic who will throw the Delhi Government in a huge deficit with his free schemes. I think its our responsibility to explain the truth to them.: When I told my mom how much good things he has done for women she replied But my friends are saying that he is a lunatic. That he is wasting the tax money on free schemes Then I explained two things to her and she realized that she needs to avoid the gossips of her friends from now on. The two points were. 1 I told her that free metro and bus rides for women will increase participation of women in the economy. The free rides will help women who are presently not able to go to job just because they have to beg for money or lift from their dominative husbands. I told her that the free ride scheme was for her and she needs to be thankful to Kejriwal. 2 I told her that Delhi Government has lots of tax money that it can afford to give these free services. Its just the previous government spent it on their own greed. But this government is spending for the people. I told my mom that she had become used to dishonest politics and now honest politics is a huge shock for her. I told her that tax budget of delhi has doubled up and there is nothing to worry. Please educate your boomer parents millenials. If you can not educate them yourselves send them the links of the videos of Aam Aadmi Party channel on youtube or the content published on the app called Arvind Kejriwal on Playstore. I think it is the most meaningful work you can do for society even with your busy lives. I am not a spokesperson of AAP. I just can not tolerate negative gossips about good men.. Well here we are India Fascism corporate. Anthem at the beginning of every movie is something. Mukesh Ambani says slowdown in Indian economy temporary reforms undertaken to reverse trend. Mukesh Ambani says slowdown in India temporary.. Meet Sharad Arvind Bobde the new Chief Justice of India. Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik does a Uturn decides to implement DBT for pension in state. An Obituary To Right To Information Act. Delhi women can now travel for free on publicrun buses. From today women can travel in DTC and cluster buses for free in Delhi. CAIT asks FM to probe biz model of etailers says deep discounts causing GST loss. Are the days of recession coming in India: Hi Friends I m doing research on this topic but not getting a relevant answer. Please let me know because I want to invest in my new startup. Should I need to invest or need to save my money because of the recession. Youth of India is the ultimate resource that we have A whopping 600 Million youth can do anything. Noteban was a management blunder Rangarajan. Letters To Chief Ministers Vol. 219501952 by Nehru Jawaharlal. With quietest Diwali in 15 years Mumbai sends out loud message. The lower decibels may be a result of greater awareness among people about curbing noise pollution apart from a fall in use of firecrackers over a period of time.. Mukesh Ambani Preps Indias Alibaba With Rs 1.73LakhCrore Holding Company. India is the largest exporter of water even as taps run dry across the country July 2019. India Must Shift Rice Growing East From Punjab Haryana To Prevent Desertification June 2019. Social media regulations to be ready by January 2020 Centre to Supreme Court [October 21 2019]. Overpopulation myth: Currently there is a stress on the overpopulation problem around the world and India. It is used sometimes as a political tool also. According to some people talking about this the main point seems that the overpopulation is causing the scarcity of resources and people in poor countries having more child etc. This kind of thinking does not illustrate the full scenario. Mainly because of the fact that average energy consumption by an individual is not the same in across countries. In developed countries average energy consumption by an individual is 1020 times higher than the others. So the overpopulation alone causes scarcity resources is a myth. Read more at [https//www.reddit.com/r/communism/comments/do57z4/overpopulation\is\scientific\racism\a\child\born/utm\sourceshareamputm\mediumweb2x]https//www.reddit.com/r/communism/comments/do57z4/overpopulationisscientificracismachildborn/utmsourceshareamputmmediumweb2x. Mukesh Ambani readies Indias Alibaba with 24 billion holding firm. Indians are not buying underwear. Thats how bad the economy is. Indians are buying less gold and millennials are partly to blame. We are now just breathing poison: A screenshot of [airquality.com]https//airquality.com of Ghaziabad at 11 PM on 27th October on the occasion of Diwali. We have reached our upper limits. Processing img 7bqw41s2z4v31.... Economic SlowdownReal Reason. Will Google Be Investigated For Treason In India. Kashmir trade body puts the loss from shutdown at Rs 10000 crore. Why is India Going on a MilkStrike. What Political Economy Lessons Should Modi Take Away From the Last Five Years. Please steal from Congress manifesto Rahul Gandhis advice to Centre clueless on economic mess. India is a third richest country in the world.. 24 Cool Products For The Most Neglected Parts Of Your Home. India needs more than tax breaks to make India factory for the world. Lack of skilled workers bureaucracy amp inadequate road amp port infrastructure key hurdles for investment.. India needs more reforms to be competitive World Bank head says. RBI sells gold for first time in 30 years to plug revenue shortfall. Indians are not buying underwear. Thats how bad the economy is. DESCEND OF ROOTS: [removed]. Odisha withdraws letter warning state units to be wary of keeping money in banks. This is why Modi govt wants to punish Amazon Flipkart for deep discount sales. BSNLMTNL Revival Package or Plan to Sell NewsClick. RBI RBI has begun to sell some of its gold again. Now hiring But no vacancy for freshers Moneycontrol.com. Trade deal or no deal Indias economy needs systemic changes to stop underperforming. This is why Modi govt wants to punish Amazon Flipkart for deep discount sales. Weve Got the Ease of Doing Business but for Whom. Good report card On ease of doing business. Dhanteras Loses Sheen to Slowdown PreDiwali Gold Silver Sales Down by 40 This Year. Robinhood Stock Link: [removed]. Indians are not buying underwear. Thats how bad the economy is. GST Chinese Imports Dim Hopes for Surats Textile Hub This Diwali. Nobel laureate interview Abhijit Banerjee by Karan Thapar. Celebrating Diwali during a downturn A field report from the agriculturally prosperous heartland reveals a lacklustre festival of lights. Economy to BJP Are you listening: [removed]. Indias cyclical slowdown severe downturn sharp Now World Bank contradicts itself. Opinion The effort to reduce poverty in India is riddled with complexity. Why Indias whistleblower protection programme is not as effective as that in the US. Family of Yes Bank Promoter Involved in Indiabulls Case NewsClick. RSS blames economy and lack of regional leadership for Haryana Maharashtra res.... What makes the states with green different. A cellphone signal at the end of the tunnel SC may finally hear substantive challenges to telecommunications shutdown in Kashmir around November:  [img]a1vv7r7rzhu31 Tldr Anuradha Bhasin the Executive Editor of Kashmir Times had filed a petition before the Supreme Court challenging the constitutionality of the communication shutdown in Kashmir. Two journalistic bodies Foundation for Media Professionals and Indian Journalists Union had intervened in the case to support press freedom in Kashmir. Yesterday the State Government filed an additional affidavit stating that the communication shutdown was necessary because of crossborder terrorism and it has declined to provide any further explanation or materials to the Petitioner or Intervenors. State Government files Additional Affidavit On the factual aspects the Government has argued that Jammu and Kashmir has a history of crossborder terrorism and the communication shutdown is necessary because terrorists not only physically penetrate the Indian borders but also digitally penetrate to take advantage of certain local situation. The Government has also cited the three month long internet shutdown imposed in the State in 2016 after the death of Burhan Wani to cast aspersions and demanded that the Court seek an explanation from the Petitioner about why she did not approach the judiciary then. With respect to production of orders the Government has annexed specimen orders which do not provide any clear reasons for their issuance. The specimen orders are extremely vague and merely state that data services should be suspended or slowed down to 2G speed in view of apprehension of misuse of data services by antinational elements. The Government has characterized the demand for production of orders as a roving and fishing enquiry which must not be permitted. The Government has also strenuously objected to the Petitioner and Intervenors being provided access to the material based on which these orders have been issued but has agreed to let the Court view it. Regarding the applicable legal standards the Government has urged the Court to defer to the opinion of the administrative authorities in Kashmir because they are aware of ground realities and such decisions always involve an element of subjectivity. Further the Government has cited a case in which the Supreme Court upheld a complete ban on the slaughter of bulls and bullocks State of Gujarat v. Mirzapur Moti Kureshi Kassab Jamat to argue that a total prohibition on exercise of fundamental rights is justified if there is no lesser adequate alternative. Finally the Government has reiterated its stance that the communication shutdown was a temporary and need based restriction which was aimed at preempting inflammation of passions rumour mongering etc. Supreme Court adjourns matter for oral arguments Although the case was originally supposed to be heard on Friday 25 October 2019 it was unexpectedly listed a day earlier. To the best of our knowledge the change happened because the judges were busy with another matter tomorrow. The Court indicated that since all parties have filed their pleadings the lawyers could commence their oral arguments on the next date and listed the case for hearing on 5 November 2019. During the brief hearing the Court indicated that the Solicitor General should provide a clear time frame for easing of restrictions and even if the restrictions were justified in public interest they should be periodically reviewed. The Counsel for the Petitioner Ms. Vrinda Grover stated that the orders of the Review Committee should be produced if the Government is claiming that it is constantly monitoring the situation on the ground. In response the Solicitor General raised the specter of crossborder terrorism again and criticized the Petitioner and Intervenors for acting like ostriches with their heads in the sand. He also launched ad hominem attacks against the Petitioner and Intervenors and sought an explanation about why they did not approach the Court when internet was suspended in Kashmir for 3 months in 2016 after the death of Burhan Wani. As internet services continue to remain suspended in the Kashmir Valley we hope that a substantive hearing on merits will take place on 5 November 2019. The Governments approach so far has been vaguely citing national security and delaying effective adjudication of the dispute by refusing to disclose any relevant or specific information. Without access to specific information about actual incidents threatening sovereignty and integrity of India security of the State or public order it would be difficult for the Petitioner and Intervenors to demonstrate the unreasonable and disproportionate nature of the restrictions. Therefore the Court must direct the Government to at the very least provide aggregate facts and figures about the ground reality in different districts of Kashmir and the burden should be placed upon the Government to prove how each piece of relevant information which is being withheld can threaten national security. Important Documents 1. Additional Affidavit dated 23.10.2019 filed by State of Jammu and Kashmir [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGMUlWU0JfcXdGRUlsalRoSkd6eUxWN0xSZnlF/viewuspsharing Roti kapda makaan and internet Yes in todays digital age access to the internet is a fundamental right. Help us defend it. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Indian financial sector Risk of contagion in financial sector rising SampP. AGR Case Blow to telcos as Supreme Court asks them to pay Rs 92000 cr to govt. Reporting cybercrime in India: Does anyone know how to report a cybercrime in Indian Or have gone through this process My father is suffering from mental issues and is easily vulnerable and prone to falling for scams he has been targeted by criminals from Kerala. If anyone have any tips I would greatly appreciate your help. Thanks Fellow redditor.. Fitch cuts Indias FY20 GDP growth forecast to 5.5 per cent. Bond Defaults Are Highest on Record as Indias Economy Slows. DHFL Forensic Audit Reveals a Rs20000Crore Hole Why Is The Report a Secret. MEITY to brief the Standing Committee on IT we have a few topics they can talk about.:  https//i.redd.it/ne73l82zdfu31.png Tldr The Standing Committee of Information Technology is holding a meeting on October 25 2019 where it will be briefed by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on safeguarding citzens online. We provide the Committee with a few issues to enquire about from MEITY on the issues of community data transparency processess and even the investigation into the Cambridge Analytica scandal. Concerns we think need to be raised The Standing Committee of Information Technology will hold its 4th and 5th sitting on October 25 2019. The agenda for the meeting will include a briefing from the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MEITY on the issue of Safeguarding citizens rights and prevention of misuse of social/online news media platforms including special emphasis on women security in the digital space. We provide the Committee with a few issues to enquire about from MEITY on the issues of community data transparency processess and even the investigation into the Cambridge Analytica scandal. As this is such a vital issue and a perfect opportunity to engage with MEITY we write to the Committee with few suggestions the Committee might consider in their discussion Committee on community data With the constitution of the Committee of Experts to deliberate a Data Governance Framework by MEITY we request the Standing Committee to enquire about the criteria based on which the composition of the Data Governance Committee was set up as there is not only do the members not sufficiently represent both government industry and civil society organisation but more worrying is the appointment of a chairperson who is an individual from a private industry and likely to put first commercial interest rather than the interests and protection of individuals. We also highlight the concerns with forming Data Governance Framework without even establishing a data protection law prior to this. Enabling transparency We continue our requests for transparency especially with rgard to the a privately held consultation on the draft Information Technology \[Intermediary Guidelines Amendment\] Rules 2019 and the draft Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 held by MEITY and also toward the submissions put forth by MEITY during the meeting to be held by the Standing Committee. Cambridge Analytica investigation As the previous IT Standing Committee opened an investigation into the Cambridge Analytica scandal we ask that the Committee provide the status and any insights from the investigation. Considering the issue of safeguarding citizen rights online and the environment in which this concern was raised our representation also flags the need that in future deliberations there be representation by officers from the Election Commission of India due to the recent intertwining nature of socialmedia platforms and elections. Important Documents 1. Representation to the Standing Committee of Information Technology dated 23.10.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1XUB46VyIvedfEdUqzo8FGc8wKedqKwX Support parliamentary engagement on digital rights [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Current affairs October 2019:  [India launches a food security bill amp FATF Gives last warning till Feb 2020]https//youtu.be/YQYOUb8DXww ampx200B Must watch video.. if didnt see this then what were youre doing. Saw this absolute beauty in todays TOI. Union cabinet allows all companies to enter fuel retail business. Legal Advice Aadhar Card: Hi My Query is related to the issuance of aadhar card. Does anyone of you happen to know the format and list of Certificate of Date of Birth issued by Group A Gazetted Officer on letterhead Story because of untimely death of my father for sorting out all financials i want to open bank account of my mother for which the way is to get a Aadhar. Now the problem is that she doesnt have any proof except voter id. I went on with ration card and voter id as proofs and applied for Aadhar but the application was not processed since i did not have proof related to Date of Birth The Documents that i hold of the applicant and the reasons of not acceptance are Leaving Certificate It has name on maternal side SSC Marksheet Same reason I would highly appreciate any and every help. Subramanian Swamy or Nirmala Sitaraman: Why BJP is not considering Subramanian Swamy for the post of FM. Nirmala Sitaraman is just not fit nothing against women. Whats Happen With Indian Economy: [removed]. BSNL MTNL to merge Cabinet announces Rs 29937crore revival package. Value of Fake Notes Seized Doubled in 2017 But What About Demonetisations Effect. MTNL BSNL to be merged Ravi Shankar Prasad. Cabinet nod for BSNLMTNL merger VRS package to be offered to employees. Fears of a trade war with India Malaysia will not retreat from its stance on Kashmir. Postpaid connections restored in Jammu amp Kashmir but access restricted due to charges levied.:  https//i.redd.it/zomxrlxj68u31.png Tldr As per a press report in the Quint the communication shutdowns in Kashmir was partially lifted providing postpaid users access to voice calls. However while having regained access to voice calling facilities are required to clear payments for services over the last two months in order to make use of their services. We write to the DOT explaining why these charges must be waived. Postpaid access is back then whats the problem The Quint on October 14 2019 in a press report by Shushovan Sircar informed that residents of Kashmir holding postpaid connections were given access to their connections after a communication shutdown that lasted over two months. However although these voice calling facilities were made available the only way users were able to make use of their subscriptions were if they cleared payments worth two months of shutdown. Further an update to the report informed that as a special gesture Airtel waived postpaid charges for specifically Airtel Thanks customers only. ampx200B [ Airtel to Waive AugSept Dues in Kashmir as Special Gesture ]https//i.redd.it/jgde89td68u31.png In light of this targetted application of the waiver we write to the DOT on the need to provide regulatory directions to ISPs on the waiving of fees charged during the communication shutdown in order for it to be carried out uniformly across service providers. In our submission we urge the DOT to direct this waiver on the basis for two reasons Force Majeure The communication shutdown is a Force Majeure event where users should not faced with charges levied for services they were unable to use during exigent circumstances. There has been sufficient coverage of the significant amount of economic physical and mental suffering the residents of Kashmir have experienced and the inability to make user of their subscriptions until they clear payments only furthers this as it continues to disconnect them from their friends and families. Past practices In September 2014 Jammu and Kashmir endured severe floods where as per a press report in the Economic Times affected the delivery of communication services. In response to this BSNL waived charges period it was unable to provide services much like the current situation. While this sets a good standard with no direction provided by the DOT to this effect once again creates varying practices amongst ISPs. The waiving of such charges should not even be an ask but a given. Nonetheless we still urge the DOT urgently direct the ISPs on the basis of their powers under the Telegraph Act and the UA License Conditions to issue directions to have such charges waived and any payments refunded for the period when the communication shutdown was in effect. Important Documents 1. Representation to the DOT to waive charges in Jammu and Kashmir [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wxXNVZKaNSowtHpJJqkGQJeaG31nuVgT/viewuspsharing Access means unhindered access. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Bangalore Is Turning Its Buses Into Creches. Nirmala Sitharaman was a friend in JNU our views were not very different Abhijit Banerjee. Two Indian cities lead the way in transforming concrete jungles into real jungles. Assam govt decides that no public sector jobs will be given to those having more than two kids.. ANI on Twitter WATCH Nobel Laureate Abhijit Banerjee after meeting Prime Minister Modi Prime Minister started by cracking a joke about how the media is trying to trap me into saying antiModi things. He has been watching TV he has been watching you guys he knows what you are trying to do.. Indias First Under Water Railways Tunnel to Flagoff in Kolkata on October 24. From trickledown to bottomup India needs to rethink its economics Opinion. Facebooks Transfer Petition in Madras HC case involving encryption and traceability allowed after Tamil Nadu Government withdraws objections.:  https//i.redd.it/23yvct2ig2u31.png Highlights Background Facebook had filed a transfer petition before the Supreme Court seeking transfer of Antony Clement Rubin v. Union of India because similar petitions for linking of Aadhaar with social media accounts were pending before multiple High Courts. However during the proceedings the Madras High Court had actually dropped the original prayer for Aadhaar linkage and shifted its focus to identifying the originator of information on end to end encrypted platforms like WhatsApp. Tamil Nadus Surprise Move After initially arguing against the transfer the Attorney General who was appearing for Tamil Nadu said that the State Government was withdrawing its objections to the transfer petition. In light of this the Supreme Court allowed the transfer petition and directed it to be listed after mid January 2020. If there is a Lock must there be a Key The Attorney General who was appearing for the State of Tamil Nadu began the arguments by saying that Section 69 of the IT Act 2000 and Rule 13 of the IT Procedure and Safeguards for Interception Monitoring and Decryption Rules 2009 impose an obligation on intermediaries to decrypt. The Division Bench of Deepak Gupta J. and Aniruddha Bose J. agreed that decryption was possible and the Government was empowered to seek it because if there is a lock there must be a key. However there was some confusion regarding whether the intermediary had an obligation to decrypt or if it had an obligation to provide assistance to law enforcement for decryption. Need for Judicial Restraint Amidst this Mr. Shyam Divan who was the Senior Advocate appearing for IFF pointed out that the constitutionality of Section 69 and the Rules had been challenged by IFF in another writ petition seeking surveillance reform and the matter was pending adjudication Read more [here]https//internetfreedom.in/ifffilesrejoinderinpilseekingsurveillancereform/. He further cautioned the Court against making any observations regarding encryption or the proposed amendments to the IT Intermediaries Guidelines Rules 2011 because these issues have a major impact on the privacy and free speech of millions of Indians. He urged the Court to exercise restraint because any incidental observations made by the Court may be misconstrued as a justification to impose disproportionate restrictions on fundamental rights. He also highlighted that the scope of a transfer petition is very limited and the merits of such complex issues cannot be discussed at this stage. Man in the Middle Mr. Mukul Rohatgi who was the Senior Advocate appearing for Facebook stated that WhatsApp could not decrypt private messages shared on its platform because the key required to decrypt the message was only available with the user and not with WhatsApp. He stated that the obligation under the IT Procedure and Safeguards for Interception Monitoring and Decryption Rules 2009 was to provide assistance with decryption to the extent possible and it was not an absolute mandate. He further argued that while some of the parties such as IFF were proprivacy and others like the Government were antiprivacy social media companies were caught in the middle because some users want their communication to be private and secure while others want the police to have more powers to investigate cyber crimes. Plot Twist After initially arguing against the transfer the Attorney General informed the Court that he had received new instructions and the State of Tamil Nadu was withdrawing its objections to the transfer. Due to this newfound consensus the Court allowed the transfer petition and directed it to be listed after mid January 2020. In its affidavit filed yesterday MeitY has stated that the proposed amendments to the IT Intermediaries Guidelines Rules 2011 will be notified by 15 January 2020 and the Court decided to wait till then to let the executive branch address this complex policy issue first. Important Documents 1. Written Submissions dated 22.10.2019 for IFF [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1zXXwNrOjwr2NNiltgjTs9kxSjw4EbOs/viewuspsharing 2. Affidavit dated 21.10.2019 by MeitY [link]https//drive.google.com/openid0B2NvpMoZE5HGN1lNMXB2b0ZSS0IxdU5sT3o4Vm11NWtzSS00 We defend your privacy against both Big Brother and Big Tech. Help us continue providing principled and independent assistance to courts. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Bring 500 million FDI get relationship manager Government. The mountain forest and streams are our gods The Adivasis of the Niyamgiri hills of Odisha won a victory in 2013 against mining but the threats to their ancestral land remain.. Need some help in filling up Aadhar form: https//i.imgur.com/T9uQSJe.png Is the house number mandatory I dont have the house number in the POA document Voter ID. Also what about Landmark. Theres no Landmark details in the voter ID. How will they verify. Questions about Forex and fee payment abroad for Masters: Hello r/india I need some assistance from students studying abroad. Im about to commence my Masters in Environment in Australia and I need to pay the first semester fee. I have a Bank of India Visa card and my parents have Yes Bank MasterCard but my consultant recommended a Goniyo card from DCB Bank. The guy will come to my house in 2 hours to make my card. Apparently they dont charge forex fee and no hidden costs and allow a zero balance current account. Does BOI or Yes bank charge additional money for fee payment Should I go with DCB Bank Others who have paid their course fee abroad whats your take on this Please help me out. Cheers . India Sees Opportunity in Trade Fight Luring Big Companies From China. Govt to bring amendments in CrPC IPC Amit Shah. India moves closer to regulating internet services as it fears unimaginable disruption to democracy TechCrunch. Hunger vs Corruption. Mumbai is the only Indian city in worlds top 20 richest list Delhi inching closer too. BSNL privatization: Private sector telcos cant make profit till BSNL exists as the base price gets fixed automatically based on what they charge the consumers. They have decided to privatize the telecom sector completely to benefit the private players. Talk about irony Modi government came to power on the pretext of private players being benefited through the 2G scam. Now this isnt a scam but a blatant takedown of a public sector organization legally to the benefit of private players. As they are in majority they can pass a law to remove any legal challenges. In such a situation we might see [Internet.org]https//Internet.org kind of schemes come back to life and user may have to put up with high charges and unfair practices. On the other hand private sector telcos are operating on much larger debt of which a substantial part is borrowed from public sector banks. Should the government not recover these private loans first What if these private players make more losses and are unable to pay back much larger sums than BSNL owes who will be held responsible in that scenario. What are the possible regulations that TRAI would introduce for OTT services How would that affect service providers like Netflix Hotstar etc.. Does WhatsApp comes under this purview. We are running towards a banana republic amp a kela economy with a bit of nimbu mirchi thank you modiji MohanBhagwat BigWinForBJP https//t.co/eOPyxXlIUm. Made in India strategy seems to be working. Companies are leaving China for India amp Vietnam. If more investments will come do you think India will become the world s largest smartphone manufacturing hub and hopefully boost the economy. Indian Medical Association IMAprobes Kerala doctor who certified miracle by nun who was canonised recently. Dr VK Srinivasan a neonatologist at Thrissurs Amala Institute of Medical Sciences reportedly certified that canonised nun Mariam Thresia had healed a critically ill child.. India in the Top 5 Militaries That Will Rule The World In 2020 list. Link Voters ID with Adhaar UPDATE Voter ID EPIC Online Hindi. All these accountants panicking about getting an OTP is a perfect example of how this government has stalled the economy. Global Hunger Index Cuba amp India:  Without considering how truly socialist Cuba is. Global Hunger Index rank 1 Cuba Global Hunger Index rank 105 India. need to watch. Abhijit Banerjee on Indian Economy and Karan Thapar. An Interesting Report on Child Malnutrition by Arvind: http//www.indiaenvironmentportal.org.in/files/file/child20malnutrition20India.pdf Seems like even the best performing states by HDI in India is struggling in child malnutrition. The conventional vital health statistics in Kerala are the highest among all Indian states and rival those observed in China. Among the largest 17 Indian states it ranks fourth in terms of per capita income. In terms of per capita income Senegal and Mauritania are among the betteroff countries in SubSaharan Africa but both lag behind India and Kerala with the gap being especially large with respect to the latter. Senegal which has 4.25 times the infant mortality rate of Kerala almost six times Keralas underfi ve mortality and 4.3 times Keralas maternal mortality ratio has lower rates of stunting and underweight children. Children in Senegal better nourished as per malnutrition estimates die at rates many times those in Kerala. A comparison with Mauritania yields the same picture. Could the answer to this be that we are just short . Post 370 Abrogation August 5 the Forest Advisory Committee of JampK has cleared 125 projects on forest land. What is happeining to our economy. Evaluations The Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab. BSNL. US dream shattered 311 Indians land in Delhi after deportation from Mexico: https//www.google.com/amp/s/m.timesofindia.com/india/morethan325indiansdeportedbymexicoarriveinnewdelhi/amparticleshow/71648007.cms Read the full storyimagine the desperation.. Anadhra Pradesh Government to sue Media if they right against Jagan Mohan reddys Government. Effects of cow slaughter ban show up in livestock census. eco01 . Lets be sure of our dreams say no to dynasts nepotists amp crony feku capitalists bcci SaturdayThoughts https//t.co/ziSTGNmd5v. Indias Economy Is Doing Badly says Nobel Prize Winner. Voice of Indian farmers presented through rap. Collected from Facebook first posted on October 15th.. Dr. Manmohan Singh says India needs to grow 1012 to reach 5 trillion whereas IMF data suggests 78. Can Microfinance Unlock a Poverty Trap for some Entrepreneurs. Majoritarian helps win elections but will send India down a dark uncertain path Raghuram Rajan. Tamil Nadu govt lawyer removed for allegedly threatening child sexual abuse victims. A report published by TNM on October 3 detailed three instances of alleged corruption by Dhanalakshmi the Special Public Prosecutor of the Tiruvallur Mahila Court.. OP Jindal Distinguished Lectures with Raguram Rajan Indias Economy How Did We Get Here and What Can be Done. State finances show worrying trend Report. How PM thinks like Software Project Manager: [https//www.businesstoday.in/opinion/columns/indianeconomyfivetrilliondollarnarendramodigreenperspectivegdp/story/377981.html]https//www.businesstoday.in/opinion/columns/indianeconomyfivetrilliondollarnarendramodigreenperspectivegdp/story/377981.html He over commits to timelines without asking developers Citizens whether they can deliver He doesnt listen to senior architect MMS. Continues to criticize him instead always referring to previous project manager and architects mistakes. He doesnt ask Business Analyst Auditors Nobel prize winner economist what will happen if we continue to push for over unrealistic deadlines. He hires Team Leads Ministers without any knowledge or experience in development and give them important roles in his team. Team Leads continues to suffer but keeps quiet because no one should question the project Manager. Any other similarities. What has the NPCI found on the TrueCaller security breach We write to them asking just that.: ampx200B [img]9llmuvz7j8t31 Highlights Background On August 1 2019 we wrote to the NPCI indicating concern and also suggested a few points of action with regard to the TrueCaller security breach that occured on July 30 2019. Within no time we received a response that an investigation was being conducted on the issue. New update With almost two months since the incident we thought it was necessary to checkin with the NPCI to enquire about the action and outcomes taken after the security breach. Background On 30.07.2019 media reports and various user complaints brought to light an issue that caused the automatic registration of unified payments interface UPI based IDs of Truecaller users without their knowledge and consent. We wrote to NPCI indicating concern and suggesting immediate and intermediate action [read more]https//internetfreedom.in/truecallerorfalsecallerweaskncpitoanswerthisquestion/ and they informed us of two steps they took in response firstly that they had stopped onboarding new Truecaller users on the UPI Platform and secondly that they started an investigation on the incident. Keeping us in the loop Not to talk their ears off and yours we basically asked them to provide information on insights and the outcomes of their investigation. Its important that the public be made aware of the reason for this security breach especially as it pertains to their own data. This also brings a level of accountability to platforms like TrueCaller to ensure that put the rights and protection of individuals first. Additionally we reiterated two of our previous interim steps that indicated the need for a complaint redressal mechanism and the importance of architecture documentation in the public space to enable concerned individuals identify vulnerabilities. Links to important documents Followup representation to the NPCI dated 14.10.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1GyoJvBCFrfo2jvChS6GIuJpRjCC92Hu/viewuspsharing Response by NPCI dated August 6 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1haek4380lCSue0BWtD2nbpdfbTVavd6g/viewuspsharing. True caller or False caller We ask NPCI to answer this question [link]https//internetfreedom.in/truecallerorfalsecallerweaskncpitoanswerthisquestion/. Representation to the NPCI dated 1.08.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1IeG8YsMJradxS3cvNPrSYA80T5Jz3fWL Would you like to get updates on our work [B]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/[ecome a IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. What has the NCPI found on the TrueCaller security breach We write to them asking just that.:  https//i.redd.it/ul96wbhuh8t31.png Highlights Background On August 1 2019 we wrote to the NCPI indicating concern and also suggested a few points of action with regard to the TrueCaller security breach that occured on July 30 2019. Within no time we received a response that an investigation was being conducted on the issue. New update With almost two months since the incident we thought it was necessary to checkin with the NCPI to enquire about the action and outcomes taken after the security breach. Background On 30.07.2019 media reports and various user complaints brought to light an issue that caused the automatic registration of unified payments interface UPI based IDs of Truecaller users without their knowledge and consent. We wrote to NPCI indicating concern and suggesting immediate and intermediate action [read more]https//internetfreedom.in/truecallerorfalsecallerweaskncpitoanswerthisquestion/ and they informed us of two steps they took in response firstly that they had stopped onboarding new Truecaller users on the UPI Platform and secondly that they started an investigation on the incident. Keeping us in the loop Not to talk their ears off and yours we basically asked them to provide information on insights and the outcomes of their investigation. Its important that the public be made aware of the reason for this security breach especially as it pertains to their own data. This also brings a level of accountability to platforms like TrueCaller to ensure that put the rights and protection of individuals first. Additionally we reiterated two of our previous interim steps that indicated the need for a complaint redressal mechanism and the importance of architecture documentation in the public space to enable concerned individuals identify vulnerabilities. Links to important documents Followup representation to the NCPI dated 14.10.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1GyoJvBCFrfo2jvChS6GIuJpRjCC92Hu/viewuspsharing Response by NPCI dated August 6 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1haek4380lCSue0BWtD2nbpdfbTVavd6g/viewuspsharing. True caller or False caller We ask NPCI to answer this question [link]https//internetfreedom.in/truecallerorfalsecallerweaskncpitoanswerthisquestion/. Representation to the NPCI dated 1.08.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1IeG8YsMJradxS3cvNPrSYA80T5Jz3fWL Would you like to get updates on our work [B]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/[ecome a IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Acche din are here my friends: [removed]. Fake Bazaar From lipsticks to toothpastes noodles to milk counterfeit products make a killing. Adulterated products are carefully mixed with originals. Unpacked spices edible oil and grey powder passed off as cement are part of a Rs 1 Trillion parallel economy.. India on course to be 5 trillion economy by 2024 PM Modi. No need for title.. India falls to 102 in hunger index 8 ranks below Pakistan. Government Obsessed... Manmohan Singhs Comeback To Finance Minister. Who benefits from tourism in India Not the people living near tourist sites Only a minuscule number of people residing near tourist attractions find work in the industry. And most of those who do get lowpaid jobs. Whats the state with nirav modi and vijay mallya: Went to take a home loan the bank asked all sort of papers like past 5 years form 16 aadhar card etc. Still I can get loan upto 40 lakhs which is less than the actual apartment cost. How does the banks gives 11k crore and 9k crore to nirav modi and vijay mallya respectively. I am bit aware that business men get loans quite easily but dont fully understand on how these goons get such amount of money and can run away with it. A poor farmer at village gets denied for loan to get equipment for his farming and ends up giving his life. Is government even doing anything with this This is just a rant feels like due to all corruption like this indian will always be a developing country. . OddEven Vehicles Carrying Schoolchildren Exempt In Delhi Fine Hiked. India halved its poverty rate since 1990s World Bank. Heres looking at you/he/she/they The UN Special Rapporteur on the right to privacy looks at gender and personality.:  https//i.redd.it/0umw8d64k1t31.png Highlights Background The UN Special Rapporteur on the right to privacy is exploring the importance of the right to privacy specifically its enjoyment based on gender and personality read to include sexual orientation gender identity/expression. It has put out a call for feedback on a report created on this issue and a consultation it intend to have at the end of October. IFF gets on board To contribute to the report and the consultation IFF submits a few of its concerns and recommendations on privacy and gender and personality based on the work it does. Background The report the Taskforce created analyses submissions and research on the varying impact of privacy on women men individuals with different orientations genders etc. This report was circulated to receive feedback from various stakeholders across the public and private sectors of Member States human rights institutions NGOs individuals civil society and researchers in order to conduct an international public consultation. The consultation looks to check if gender based issues that arise in the digital era have a distinct impact on the existing right to privacy as we as individuals understand it. India is growing in its exposure and awareness to gender/personality matters and we hope that there has been sufficient representation of these issues such as the newly introduced Transgender bill etc. in this consultation by various organisations deeply involved and with greater expertise. IFF is privileged to have had the opportunity to share our comments and recommendations on the reportin addressing increasingly significant concerns based on our learnings in our line of work. Our Concerns We cover aspects of the report that complement IFFs core areas of work in this field of digital rights and would prove useful in understanding the Indian landscape with regard to privacy. Here are brief pointers of a few concerns we highlighted. Imbalance in accountability The need for smaller platforms to be more woke in their approach toward addressing content that is abusive/discriminatory based on gender caste orientations considering the sectional diversity of India. In the guise of womens safety Although done with the claim to increase the security of women we highlight how large scale deployment of CCTVs combined with Automated Facial Recognition Systems is dangerous with no data protection law in place especially pointing out the amplification of existing bias that such surveillance systems bring about. Unknown and unchecked software In light of the Chinmayanand scandal [Read about it here]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/chinmayanandcasebodycamsleazecounterstingbutslowpoliceaction/articleshow/71321780.cms the use of an application to secretly film an individual has seen the light of day. We express concern about the use of such unknown applications used to target unsuspecting individuals that do not conform to India conservative societal norms. Community data As the current atmosphere begs the need to demonstrate worries with this concept we inform that the understanding of community data includes data that is anonymised or ecommerce data. This indicates that this type of data is irrelevant data which is an incredibly incorrect assumption. If anonymised data can be reidentified and put to use our submission emphasizes that publicly available data can most definitely be damaging and with sufficient access and manipulation can once again attack minorities of both class and otherwise with the current raging biases in India. Our twocents Although we provide recommendations for each of our concerns our broader suggestions largely focused on engaging with local groups to gain perspective on the impact of privacy on individuals from different walks of life. This conversation is extremely necessary to inform work being done by the UN Special Rapporteur as most groups lack capacity to contribute to such formal processes. We are appreciative of this initiative by the Office of UN Special Rapporteur on the right to privacy taskforce and we hope that our submission has contributed a better understanding of these issues. Links to important documents Submission to the UN Special Rapporeur on the right to privacy [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1CcySWlVDZj0Yd1cqrVQ1S6CElgvigSko. Think your gender/caste/orientation affects your version of privacy We do too [Becoming an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. TIL India has the highest number of selfie related deaths globally accounting for 159 of the 259 reported deaths.: From the research paper Selfies A boon or bane published in 2018 gt From October 2011 to November 2017 there have been 259 deaths while clicking selfies in 137 incidents gt Highest number of incidents and selfiedeaths has been reported in India accounting for approximately 50 of total reported followed by Russia the United States and Pakistan. gt Except India the ratio of casualties to incidents is approximately 1 whereas it is double in India. gt India has the highest number of selfierelated deaths. One reason that partially accounts for such high share is the worlds largest young age 30 years population residing in India the age group that has the highest number of deaths due to selfies. gt Also our study has shown that the ratio of deaths to incidents is almost double in India whereas in other countries incidents approximate the number of deaths. This unique feature could be attributed to the reason that trend of group selfies is more prevalent in India as compared to other countries. Source https//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6131996/ News reports https//www.bbc.com/news/newsbeat45745982 https//www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/selfiedeathsstudynoselfiezones10796480 https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/indiahasmaximumselfiedeathsglobally159havediedsofar2060164. Is govt hiding NCRB report too. Abhijit Banerjee speaking about Indian Economy during the press conference at MIT. Starts at 3718.. Delhi govt launches app to track potholes. Child wasting alarm in report India has the worlds highest rates of child wasting or children with too low a weight for height. Ranking the top 15 country who spend the most in their army 19142019 What will surprises u . For the Govts Eyes Only Govt opposes disclosure of orders imposing communication shutdown in Kashmir: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/5q10iexj4ws31.png Highlights Background Anuradha Bhasin the Executive Editor of Kashmir Times had filed a petition before the Supreme Court challenging the constitutionality of the communication shutdown in Kashmir. Two journalistic bodies Foundation for Media Professionals and Indian Journalists Union had intervened in the case to support press freedom in Kashmir. Secret Orders At todays hearing the Government cited national security concerns in response to the Petitioners and the Intervenors demand for disclosure of orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules. However the Court has directed the Government to either produce the orders or file an affidavit stating why these orders must be kept secret. Government files vague and conjecture filled response At the previous hearing on 1 October 2019 the State Government had filed its response in court and the Central Government filed a brief response endorsing the stance taken by the State Government on the same day. On the legal basis of the communication shutdown the State Governments response merely stated that in view of the apprehension of misuse of data services which is likely to cause deterioration in law and order situation requests were made to service providers from time to time keeping in mind different zones/areas as per the threat perception prevailing at that particular time by Inspector General of Police Kashmir Zone Srinagar which were confirmed by Principal Secretary to Government of Jammu and Kashmir Home Department in terms of Rule 21 first proviso of the Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services Public Emergency or Public Safety Rules 2017. As evident the response filed was extremely vague and relied on conjectures instead of providing concrete facts and figures which would enable the court to evaluate the reasonableness and proportionality of the communication shutdown under the Constitution. Petitioner and Intervenors seek production of actual orders To prevent further delay in effective adjudication of the case the Petitioner and the Intervenors sought production of actual orders issued under the Telecom Suspension Rules. These orders are crucial because Rule 2 of the Telecom Suspension Rules requires that any order issued by the competent authority must contain reasons. In addition to the orders the Intervenors also sought information about whether these orders have been reviewed and approved by a State Level Review Committee in accordance with the Rules. During todays hearing the Solicitor General strongly objected to the orders being disclosed to the Petitioner and the Intervenors citing national security concerns. In response Mr. Dushyant Dave who is the Senior Advocate appearing for the Foundation for Media Professionals said that unless the government produces the orders the Petitioner and the Intervenors are being forced to argue this case with their hands tied behind their back. Mr. Huzefa Ahmadi who is the Senior Advocate appearing for the Indian Journalists Union emphasized that the Government cannot make an omnibus statement and it must demonstrate how disclosure of each order can threaten national security. After hearing both sides the bench granted the Government time till the next hearing to file a surrejoinder. The government will have to either produce the orders at the next date of hearing or file an affidavit explaining why these orders cannot be disclosed. The next date of hearing in the case is 24 October 2019. Secret orders undermine Rule of Law Transparency in governance is the bedrock of Rule of Law. The Indian Supreme Court recognized this as early as 1951 when Vivian Bose J. noted The thought that a decision reached in the secret recesses of a chamber to which the public have no access and to which even their accredited representatives have no access and of which they can normally know nothing can nevertheless affect their lives liberty and property by the mere passing of a Resolution without anything more is abhorrent to civilised man. At the next hearing we sincerely hope the present Supreme Court will continue this tradition of requiring the government to adopt a culture of justification rather than a culture of authority where citizens are not allowed to demand concrete reasons for violation of their rights. As always we will keep you updated about how the case progresses. Important Documents 1. Application to bring on record additional documents filed by FMP [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGSXFRenF3T0oxUHUyblBINlRLVTYtbHBfRk5r/viewuspsharing 2. Application for production of orders filed by FMP [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGb1pEVDZWVDJCRllXbW1laE9oTnEyaEdYcURN/viewuspsharing 3. Affidavit filed by the State of Jammu and Kashmir [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B2NvpMoZE5HGZmZVZExqTzRPUEFGUU1XN29OQmhzSW5HLTJv/viewuspsharing Dont want Indias vibrant democracy to turn into a Kafka novel Help us push for transparency by [becoming an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. India cant sacrifice economic strength to comply with US sanctions Nirmala Sitharaman. India slips to 102nd rank in Global Hunger Report behind Nepal Pak Bangladesh. As the Beer Flows So Does the Economy as Consumers Keep Growth Aloft. Need Help Aadhar Updatation is failing: I have updated my Aadhar Card for five times now. They are always failing. I have tried calling the toll free number but they tell to do the same thing again if I tell them my problem they say they are transferring my call and nobody picks up the transferred call. I need to update my Aadhar card name it has a spelling mistake. I also need to update my Birthdate It is wrongly put as 01/01/1992. Any document I provide to correct my name has my correct birthdate on it which causes a miss match. Any document I provide to correct my birthdate has my correct name on it which again causes a miss match. I am tired of standing in a line and trying to get it updated is there any solution to this problem. Parle Biscuits net profit rises 15 in FY19 revenue up 6.4 to Rs 9030 cr. Indias Economy is Drowning in Dept Due to the Unnecessary Investments in Public and Governments Interference in Public Private and Govt. Institutions Independence. Everything Went through PMO office Thats what the Biggest Failure of Modi Regimes Economic Slowdown.. Google reportedly resists court order while Facebook buckles in Subodh Gupta defamation case. Appearing in the MeToo case Google Inc. reportedly told Delhi High Court that its order would have a chilling effect on freedom of speech and expression and be against public interest.. India why cant you get the fundamentals right world hunger India now 102 out of 117 nations on hunger index WednesdayThoughts WorldFoodDay https//t.co/cxfuY8keHq. India ranks below Pakistan Sri Lanka in Global Hunger Index. Talk by Raghuram Rajan and Abhijit Banerjee on current state of Indian economy. Where does Turkey import Weapons Parts and Accessories from 2017: [deleted]. Food for thought. Economic Crisis 2019 How does it hit YOU Ep.111 The DeshBhakt in Hindi. China Has Unleashed a New Monster. Raghuram Rajan and Abhijeet Banerjee India in the World 11th October 2019. Video summarisingwhat economists like Raghuram Rajan and Abhijit Banerjee have to say on the current policies adopted by the Modi govt to boost the economy.. Going into a tailspin Nobel laureate Abhijit Banerjee on Indian economy. Dear taxpayer youre throwing a chaat party for journalists at Prakash Javadekars place tonight. Rs 90 lakh stuck in PMC Bank exJet Airways staffer dies of cardiac arrest after protest. Nobel Economics Prize Goes to Pioneers in Reducing Poverty. Rajan and the new Nobel Laurette Banerjee talking about the economy. Indian Economy.: Indias economy is going down which is a serious concern for all of us. Where are we doing wrong What kind of policies do we need to make things better In which sectors we should focus on more than the other How can we make our voices heard to the government Please refrain from making this thread a political one.. Punjab CM Captain Amarinder Singh Few incidents of stubble burning have come to light. If we have to stop stubble burning then the central government should give Rs 100 extra per quintal on the produce to the farmers.. BladeRunner of India Meet Kargils Hero Major Devender Pal Singh . Abhijit Banerjee. Hello officer Id like to report a bruh moment Credits bhadwememes on instagram. No pickup in demand yet says HUL Chairman. Indias first private train violates railway tariff law. High quality fake notes back NIA. How Nobel Winner Abhijit Banerjee Described State Of Indian Economy. Remember NYAY Nobel Prize winner Abhijit Banerjee is the economist Congress had consulted. Abhijit Banerjee Demonetizing India: ampx200B [video]fmrolvoacis31. Abhijit Banerjee Demonetizing India. Land Acquisition amp Governance Law and Disorder Judiciary Acrobatics Under Common Law Systems.: [removed]. IndianAmerican Abhijit Banerjee shares 2019 Nobel Prize for Economics with 2 others. IndianAmerican Abhijit Banerjee shares 2019 Nobel Prize for Economics with 2 others Additionally hes a MIT Prof an Alumni of JNU and Presidency University Kolkata and had championed the NYAY flagship policy proposal during the 2019 Indian generals for the INC. Meet Abhijit Banerjee the JNU Student Whos Work on Poverty Has Won Him a Nobel Prize in Economics. Meet Abhijit Banerjee the JNU Student Whose Work on Poverty Has Won Him a Nobel Prize in Economics. IndianAmerican MIT Prof Abhijit Banarjee and wife win the 2019 Nobel Prize in Economics. Additionally he is an alumni of JNU and Presidency University Kolkata and championed the NYAY flagship policy proposal during the 2019 Elections for the INC. Supreme Court rejects plea to link Aadhaar to social media accounts says let Madras HC decide. FinMin Nirmala Sitharaman to Hold Review Meeting With CEOs of PSU Banks Tomorrow. Economists Who Study Poverty Win Nobel Prize. A lodestar to steer the economy. Kolkata born Abhijit wife among the winners of this years Nobel prize for Economics. Nobel prize for economics.. Another Indian origin Nobel prize winner The 6th person with a Kolkata connection to win the Nobel prize . Major Setback from World Bank to India Reduced Growth Rate Estimates . Ayushman Bharat Patients to Get Free Medical Treatment Near Home PM Modi. GST Implementation Did Contribute to Growth Slowdown in India Bibek Debroy. Sorely disappointed by ModiXi Chennai summit.: BTW Xi went to Nepal [https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/anyattempttosplitchinawillbecrushedpresidentxijinpingwarnsduringmaidenvisittonepal/storyO8OmyJyRFQCRU1P9ZP1NMK.html]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/anyattempttosplitchinawillbecrushedpresidentxijinpingwarnsduringmaidenvisittonepal/storyO8OmyJyRFQCRU1P9ZP1NMK.html Look at the specific agreements he made. He said a feasibility study of transHimalayan railway will soon start and China will also support construction of the KerungKathmandu tunnel road. In a joint statement Nepal and China also expressed satisfaction with the signing of the agreement on Boundary Management System which will improve the level of boundary management and cooperation for both sides. The two sides were also satisfied with the signing of the treaty on mutual legal assistance in criminal matters and expressed hope for an early conclusion of the treaty on extradition. Nepal and China decided to elevate their bilateral ties to strategic partnership of cooperation and two sides agreed to respect each others independence sovereignty and territorial integrity and respect and accommodate each others concerns and core interests. The Nepali side reiterated its firm commitment to One China policy acknowledging that Taiwan is an inalienable part of the Chinese territory and Tibet affairs are Chinas internal affairs the joint statement said. The two sides agreed to intensify implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding on cooperation under the BRI to enhance connectivity encompassing such vital components as ports roads railways aviation and communications within the overarching framework of transHimalayan MultiDimensional Connectivity Network with a view to significantly contributing to Nepals development agenda that includes graduating from LDC at an early date becoming middle income country by 2030 and realising the SDGs by the same date. The two sides agreed to conduct the feasibility study to launch the construction of the crossborder railway and reiterated their commitment to extend cooperation on KathmanduPokharaLumbini Railway Project. The so called decisive NaMo government got these from the ModiXi summit. [https//www.firstpost.com/india/ximodimamallapuramsummithighlightschinaagreestosetnewmechanismtoaddressindiasconcernsontradedeficit7488391.html]https//www.firstpost.com/india/ximodimamallapuramsummithighlightschinaagreestosetnewmechanismtoaddressindiasconcernsontradedeficit7488391.html ampx200B Chinas assurance that it will sincerely act upon the massive trade deficit between India and China. President Xi has said that China is ready to take concrete measures to reduce the trade deficit which currently stands at a whopping 57 billion which the other country justifies as the difference in their production capacities. The Chinese side has apparently proposed to set up a highlevel mediation channel to take actionable steps on Indias legitimate trade concern. To be fair the news article mentioned that leaders generally dont decide actionable goals but the general direction. Look at the OliXi summit to see what is possible. Chinas appreciation of Indian concerns regarding the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership RCEP. President Xi has assured that Indias concerns over RCEP will be duly discussed. Xi also talked about the need for enhancing defense cooperation The two leaders agreed that both countries should work together to deal with the challenge of terrorism Gokhale said. However it is unreasonable to imagine this would mean even the slightest action against Pakistan Indias biggest concern when it comes to terrorism. ampx200B Do we have nothing in leverage Let me know if Im wrong.. World Bank Says India Faces Severe Slowdown Cuts GDP Forecast. World Bank Report Bangladesh Nepal ahead of India as growth in South Asia slows down World Bank report. World Bank cuts Indias growth projection to 6 from 6.9. 3 Films Made 120 Crore In A Day Economy is fine Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad. Movie Economics 120CR is 0.36 of what Indians are likely to spend during 201920 on an given day.: [removed]. Any website that has job data: Is there any website that has data on job additions and/or layoffs with positions/nature of job permanent/temporary companies hiring/firing number of vacancies regardless of whether its by aggregating news articles or something other source of data I want to get a sense on which companies are hiring/firing both from an employee and investor perspective. World Bank cuts Indias growth projection to 6: [removed]. National Voters Services Portal: The government is making a monkey out of us general public by introducing new ScHeMeS latest being the Electors Verification Program. The said program must be done latest by 15th of October. However for people who live away from their non tech savvy parents there are options of doing the same via app or website. But the said website is not working and neither is the app. APP First of all it is next to impossible to get an OTP. Even if you get an OTP the app will not show any placeholder for submitting the OTP. Have been trying for last 2 days but to no avail. Website This service is unavailable Thats it. Now I know this is meant to be a CoNvEnIeNcE for the public. But in the absence of proper infrastructure and efficient staff for pulling off the task it is actually causing people a lot of inconvenience and countless sleepless nights. Half baked decisions like this have reduced us common public to mere puppets who have no choice other than to dance to the tunes of the masters.. Rs. 60 lakh per seat Tax department alleges medical scam in Karnataka. Sources told NDTV that the income tax department after getting intelligence reports of irregularities in medical college admissions in Karnataka launched raids on 32 locations.. Wtf is this shit. Law minister of India denies slowdown tells that people are watching movies and even dubbed national unemployment survey as farce.. India Doesnt Know China Well Enough Its A Weakness. WATCH Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in Mumbai On 2nd October 3 movies were released. Film trade analyst Komal Nahta told that the day saw earning of over Rs 120 crores a record by 3 movies. Economy of country is sound that is why there is a return of Rs 120 cr in a day.:  https//t.co/fHpTqZJg4w https//twitter.com/ANI/status/1182987603106320384s17. If these are the standards we have. Boy oh boy the economy is headed for deep troubles: The Financial Express Indian economy is sound three movies earned Rs 120 crore in 1 day Ravi Shankar Prasad. https//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/indianeconomyissoundthreemoviesearnedrs120crorein1dayravishankarprasad/1733829/. If these are the standards we have. Boy oh boy the economy is headed for deep troubles: The Financial Express Indian economy is sound three movies earned Rs 120 crore in 1 day Ravi Shankar Prasad. https//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/indianeconomyissoundthreemoviesearnedrs120crorein1dayravishankarprasad/1733829/. Economy is sound which is why 3 movies made Rs 120 cr IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad The News Minute. What Slowdown Joker War Sye Raa Made Rs 120 Cr Law Minister. Dont Damn GST Nirmala Sitharaman Admits it Might Give Difficulties. Rs. 60 lakh per seat Tax department alleges medical scam in Karnataka. Sources told NDTV that the income tax department after getting intelligence reports of irregularities in medical college admissions in Karnataka launched raids on 32 locations.. WATCH Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad in Mumbai On 2nd October 3 movies were released. Film trade analyst Komal Nahta told that the day saw earning of over Rs 120 crores a record by 3 movies. Economy of country is sound that is why there is a return of Rs 120 cr in a day. Ways to improve economy watch more movies. My take on Decline of Indian GDP Growth rate and current state of Economy.: according to the world bank growth of Chinese Economy during most troublesome years of depression were double digit and even skyrocketed as we can see below. Year Chinese GR Indian GR for comparison 2005 11.4 9.3 2006 12.7 9.3 2007 14.7 9.8 2008 9.7 3.9 2009 9.4 8.5 2010 10.6 10.3 as we can see Chinese kept their double digit growth in the worst economic crisis of the 21th century while in todays world India cant even Manage the growth rate of 5. so this idea that Indian Economy is tanking because global recession is bull its result of the disastrous economic policies adopted by the 20142018 Government. ampx200B at least under UPA government Economy bounced back and achieved even higher growth rate but under NDA government our economy growth rate is under sharp decline instead of capturing this once in century moment when western factories are leaving China in search of more affordable and friendly market we are doing everything we can to destroy our economy. imagine what will happen when this recession will become a depression in the future if one of the major bank in either India or Western World collapses as most of economists are predicting i have a feeling that new generation will get his hardest as there are fewer jobs and more manpower already and with this slow growth there will be even fewer jobs available for the college graduates in near future due to lack of experiences they will be first one to get booted if companies will start cost cutting. these depressed young educated class of people will either become a nationalistic bunch of peopleBhakts or turn India into complete anarchy with revolution.. GST May Have Flaws But Its The Kanoon Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman At Pune Event. Privatise or Lose Funding Power Engineers Oppose Ministrys ArmTwisting Ultimatum NewsClick. NRC All that you need to know. JampK Power Department Engineers Technical and Clerical Staff Protest Against Privatisation Bid NewsClick. How Ambani Amazon and Walmart may help save Indias banks. The bottomline is always the economy. How is the average man/woman in the street doing From this point of view how has the Modi government performed: [removed]. [OC] Need FilmMaker / Producer To Make The Enclosed Film That Helps The Hapless Kurds Turn The Tables On The Overwhelming Belligerent Force Of The Turks By Heeding Their Own Kurdish History And Repeating It Successfully . After giving shelter to the terrorist Zakir Naik and isolating millions of ethnic Indians to third class citizenship Mahathir now wants to be a statesman: [removed]. 10 Facts About Poverty In India. GST might have flaws but we just cant damn it now Nirmala Sitharaman. PM Narendra Modi contradicts his own statement. Oxfam report flags Assam tea for labour rights violation. Indias megacities Mumbai and Delhi sitting on a pile of waste. India Factory Output Unexpectedly Declines First Time in 2 Years. Railways constitutes NITI Aayogled secretary panel to privatise 150 trains 50 stations. EXPLAINED India Slips 10 Places On WEFs Global Competitiveness Index What Does It Mean Should We Even Care. BSNLs claim We have DND Mechanisms.: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/fy5ccoss0vr31.png Highlights Background Over the last couple of months IFF has been writing representations and filing RTIs on the very apparent code injecting BSNL continues to the engage in. Recently we wrote to BSNL once again based on insights provided by IFFs proactive supporters. New update BSNL provides another response to an RTI we filed in August on which shed some light to some of the processes they apply while they admittedly engage in code injections. ampx200B Background The code injections by BSNL dialogue has been going on for a while now so heres a bit of a timeline to make things slightly clearer. In May we came across a report through our online reporting tool at savetheinternet.in and futher research on other social networking platforms and discussion forums of browser injections by BSNL permitting advertisements on nonHTTPS sites. We wrote to BSNL informing them but also providing sufficient evidence of various instances [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/venomvenomvenombsnlengagingincodeinjections/. In July with no acknowledgement from BSNL we conducted our three pronged approach where we wrote to the DOT filed an RTI on BSNL and also filed an incident report with CERTIn. This is where it got interesting we received a response to our BSNL RTI claiming that the code injections contain no malware but acknowledging the existence of such code injections nonetheless [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/wevebeenleftonread/. In September with the support of IFF community we were informed that these injections continue to exist so we wrote to the DOT filling them in on the BSNLs intentional code injection activities [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/bsnlscodeofmisconduct/. Update numero Uno The RTI we filed when we informed you of our three pronged approach was forwarded to a few other CPIOs which is why we have recently received another response to our queries. The first reply was on August 8 2019 where BSNL claimed that no malware is being injected however admitting to the insertion of injections as we explained in our previous post. The second reply we received is a line by line response on September 12 2019. 1. First we asked for information on BSNL enagagement in the insertion of browser injections or code injections to which they claimed commercial confidence and providing such information would harm BSNLs competitive position. 2. Second we asked for reasons for the use of browser or code injections. They say that they rely on such activities to communicate with customers on available offers and useful information like Parental Control Guidelines. 3. Third we requested for copies on file of action taken by BSNL in addressing complaints. BSNL claims that if they receive complaints via mails they enable the their DND mechanism after confirming and collecting User Ids. 4. Lastly we asked for physical copies on the file of action taken but as the queries are being received by email they do not maintain any physical files. Update numero Dos Going back to our previous three pronged approached we had filed an incident report with CERTIn to which we received no response. However we have seemingly made enough of a push with our recently filed RTI to the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology which enquired on the action taken by CERTIn in response to our incident report as the ministry has responded to RTI informing us that CERTIn has written to BSNL on the issue and is awaiting a response which is a definite win Our next steps Is your privacy being sold As BSNL has been more than clear about their commercial benefit from their code injection activities the advertisements cant possibly be injected without BSNL deriving some value we have filed a new RTI enquiring on the streams of revenues being made through these code injections. We are also considering further advocacy actions and examining what may be the best way to approach the Department of Telecom. As always we will make sure to keep you updated with any further information. Note This may seem like a small problem to those who live in cities where there are multiple options of ISPs but BSNL in certain parts of India is often the most viable method of internet access. Specially for large parts of our government offices. We are especially worried for their cyber security privacy and productivity that is often compromised by these ads. ampx200B Links to important documents Second response to our RTI filed with BSNL [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/112vEO0V24pP6ScIUTB9JXZaG8s1DPrL/viewuspsharing Code injections ruining smooth browsing [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman to speak to RBI on PMC Bank issue. Petrol Diesel Prices Continue Downward Trend. Harvard IMF researchers assess damage due to demonetisation claim 3 drop in economic activity. India lags in female representation in senior management Credit Suisse report. Map on regional foods proposed to fight malnutrition. Statewise CPI inflation 201819. Govt. of India is Selling 1 room lower income flat to poor people for Rs.95 Lakhs. Let that sync in.:  [https//indianexpress.com/article/cities/chandigarh/chandigarhundergeneralhousingschemealowincomeflattocostrs95lakh6061929/]https//indianexpress.com/article/cities/chandigarh/chandigarhundergeneralhousingschemealowincomeflattocostrs95lakh6061929/ ampx200B So according to Chandigarh administrator which is directly under Goverment of India. Poor people belonging to low income family who live in 1 room flats have Rs.95 lakhs spare income to buy flats. ampx200B And we wonder property market is in a bubble.. The invisible victims of an unfinished city. If Center of Mass of Indian States Were Made the Capital Cities. Minister is happy that they reduced mother and child mortality but CAG reports say something else.... Mumbai police bar wildlife activist bird rescuers from entering Aarey to save injured creatures. At Mumbais Aarey Colony trees butchered 1/minute. Modi government and its achievement. Indian government plans for 1400 km long great green wall of India to control the desertification of lands.. Railways made 35073 crore in 10 years by just selling scrap. Moodys cuts Indias growth forecast to 5.8 per cent for FY20. Falling FD rates set to hit 4 crore senior citizens hard. India Is Creating A National Facial Recognition System And Critics Are Afraid Of What Will Happen Next. Falling FD rates set to hit 4 crore senior citizens hard. India is the most dangerous country in the world for women What do you think of this. Indian Cities Have Been Reduced to Just Real Estate. Who Will Police What the Police Posts on Social Media. Indian economy companies cut jobs as Unions weakened. How does it make sense to push for Electrical Vehicles in India when 85 of the electricity generated comes from Coal and Oil. How Britain stole 45 trillion from India And lied about it :  [https//www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/britainstole45trillionindia181206124830851.html]https//www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/britainstole45trillionindia181206124830851.html Right from the start of diwani rights won by East India company after battle of plassey all they were doing is collecting the revenue from farmers in India using that to buy local produce and send it to Britain for selling there or further export to other countries. None of that FOREX money made it to India ever which could have rightly helped India industrialize like Japan did.. There was a post here yesterday on loan frauds being higher under Modi govt vs UPA II: Couple of redditors including yours truly questioned the mechanism of aligning fraud year with date of default higher under Modi govt. as pointed out by RBI data vs origination date of fraud loan Arguably more under UPA I/II. Today I came across an ET article which supports this hypothesis. \gtOf these frauds 73 were large ticket corporate frauds worth over Rs 100 crore. Public sector banks originated 92 of those fraudulent loans. Many of these frauds took place at least five years ago and some over a decade ago. The most shocking data of all was the fact that average time for a fraud over Rs 100 crore to be detected was 55 months ampx200B \[Source\] [https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/whybankersarehesitanttoreportfrauds/articleshow/71496811.cms]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/whybankersarehesitanttoreportfrauds/articleshow/71496811.cms . Kashmir Conflict Woes Deepen as Lockdown Stifles Economy. SBI cuts savings bank account interest rate FD rates. Finance Ministry rejects DoTs Rs 74000 cr revival package for BSNLMTNL FE report. Effect of global synchronized slowdown is more pronounced in India New IMF chief Times of India. Hacks for investors In a stalling economy. Indias Child Crisis: Hey all I recently collaborated with a group at The George Washington University to raise awareness about Child Mortality Rates in India Indias Child Crisis. The idea behind the video is to make our community India and the rest of the world aware of problems globally particularly in India and its crisis. If you have any time please view the video on YouTube and join our fight and make an impact Please share this video as the more views this video receives the more people will be aware and can contribute to this great cause Lets make this world a better place for everyone ampx200B [https//www.youtube.com/watchv8ul9wxkemFoampfeatureshare]https//www.youtube.com/watchv8ul9wxkemFoampfeatureshare. Indias Child Crisis: [removed]. Flipkart Amazon India generate Rs 19000 crore during 6 days festive season sale. Nice.. No recession no need for too much discussion RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Indian economy. No recession no need for too much discussion RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat on Indian economy india news. [Serious] Stressed Assets Resolution Framework Can someone please elaborate upon the current resolution framework for stressed assets in banking and financial sector: [removed]. Any economists here What do you say about our economy actually worsening A twitter thread: Hello Is this thread of a fear monger Or it might turn out to be true Have a look here https//twitter.com/Corporatekumar/status/1181216799091642370. During the month of August employment was nearly 2 higher than it was in August 2018 aided by growth in rural India. The yearonyear employment growth in rural India stood at 2.9 in August 2019. Bitcoin could address the cash savings crisis in Hong Kong and India. RBI admits loan frauds under Modi Govt three times higher than UPAII:  In response to an RTI application filed by economist and activist Prasenjit Bose the Reserve Bank of India has now confirmed that in the last four years of the Modi Government loan frauds have amounted to a whopping 55000 crore more than in the previous five years of UPAII under former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/un6tuxbnw7r31.png The reply from the RBI he maintains highlights the following There were 9193 cases of loans frauds across Nationalised ie Public Sector Banks Foreign Banks Private Sector Banks other Financial institutions and small finance banks and local area banks in the last four years April 2014 to March 2018 involving an amount of 77521 crore. In the previous five years April 2009 to March 2014 there were 10652 cases involving 22441 crore. While the number of loan fraud cases in the four years of the Modi Government is already inching toward the fiveyear total under the UPAII Government the amount involved has gone up by 55000 crore. Instances of loans frauds in Public Sector Banks have totalled 7128 in the last four years with an amount of 68350 crore involved. In the previous five years there were 8331 cases involving 19113 crore. Loan frauds at Private Sector Banks total 1927 involving 7774 crore in the last four years. In the previous five years there were 2005 cases involving 2670 crore. Source [https//www.nationalheraldindia.com/india/rbiadmitsloanfraudsundermodigovtthreetimeshigherthanupaii]https//www.nationalheraldindia.com/india/rbiadmitsloanfraudsundermodigovtthreetimeshigherthanupaii. Found an interesting article of Indias economic slowdown. The Sad Saga of Hafiz Saeed Newsweek Pakistan. Mumbai 2141 trees felled so far at Aarey Colony MMRCL to continue with metro work Mumbai News Times of India. Economist Jayati Ghosh Explains The Economic Slowdown. When the public realises that Reliance is in debt and one of the major defaultors of bad loans and could possibly be driving the NPA van through the cliff.. When the public realises that Reliance is in debt and one of the major defaultors of bad loans and could possibly be driving the NPA van through the cliff.. When the public realises that Reliance is in debt and one of the major defaultors of bad loans and could possibly be driving the NPA van through the cliff.. Can Smart Contracts Save Indias Legal System From Overload. Over 50 feel Job Scene Getting Worse as Consumer Confidence Drops to 6year Low Says RBI Survey. BPCL falls 7 after govt clears way for its privatisation CLSA sees 42 downside. To Save Aareys Trees Mumbai Activists Look To Supreme Court Today PrasadKarmarkar Shared. To stab or not to stab is the Zombie really dead:  https//i.redd.it/srpfldkt22r31.png Highlights Background In an order dated February 15 2019 the Supreme Court of India had directed that copies of the Shreya Singhal judgement should be sent to High Courts District Courts Chief Secretaries and Director Generals of Police. IFF filed RTIs with various State High Courts and the Central Government to check compliance with these directions. Zombie killer or nah We analyse the RTI responses to find that while most of Courts have complied with the order and even circulated it among respective district courts there continues to exist some lag in compliance by the executive. Data reveals that while advisories were sent during the case no advisories have been sent after. Background Last year armed with research that confirmed continuing prosecutions under the unconstitutional Section 66A we informed you about our collaboration with PUCL who took this data to court [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/section66abitesthezombiedustrighttomemesection66a/. The outcome of this litigation led to the Supreme Court directing that all High Courts and District Courts Chief Secretaries and Director Generals of Police around the country should be provided copies of the Shreya Singhal judgement. Responses received from High Courts To check if the High Courts had complied with the Supreme Courts directions IFF filed RTIs with various High Courts with these queries Directions of the Supreme Court Whether any direction was received from the Honble Supreme Court or the Central Government to disseminate copies of the Shreya Singhal judgement to all District Courts and to provide details and content of any such correspondence. Dissemination of the High Court Whether copies of the Shreya Singhal judgement were sent to all District Courts under the Courts jurisdiction and for details and content of the correspondence. Our findings were pretty positive. Most of the Courts both received the directions of the Supreme Court and also complied with the order to disseminate the judgement further to District Courts within their jurisdiction. Here are our findings in brief High Courts that have received the Supreme Courts directions and circulated the copy of the order Bombay Calcutta Delhi Himachal Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Patna Uttarakhand. High Courts that were waiting to hear from Andhra Pradesh Chennai Gujarat Jammu and Kashmir Orissa Punjab and Haryana Telegana Madhya Pradesh. Responses received from the Central Government The Central Governments response to our RTI application reveals that Chief Secretaries have not been informed about the Supreme Courts order dated 15.02.2019. In its RTI response MeitY has provided details of correspondence sent to Chief Secretaries in December 2018 and January 2019 but no advisories have been issued after the Supreme Courts order on 15.02.2019. The impact of this lapse is grave and obvious. This plays into one of the main points an IFF supported [research paper]https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893 identified the issue of signal failure. This direction merely requires functionaries to ensure compliance but does not specify any means of doing so nor does it provide for any penalties in case of noncompliance essentially placing no accountability of compliance on anyone. While we are appreciative of the Supreme Courts order in the granular view of things in order to ensure a complete purge of Section 66A prosecutions there needs to be a more proactive way to monitor compliance. Even though the signal gaps seems to be smaller unless we have data from each District Court and police station the scourge of 66A will not be removed even today. A prototype [zombie tracker]http//www.civicdatalab.in/judiciaryexperiments/casestudies/66aexplorer.html we have been working on with Civic Data Labs show that there are fresh case registrations in Maharashtra and we fear that many more cases still pending across the country. ampx200B [ A mock up of an early alpha version of the \\Zombie Tracker\\ ]https//i.redd.it/5ctazk3p22r31.png IFF is committed to erasing Section 66A from FIRs first information reports and court dockets to the best of our ability. As always we will continue to update you with any actions we intend to take and any results we manage to shake. [Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty. IFF can be your watchgaurd standing on the frontlines and defending your digital rights. Donate and become a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ Important Documents 1. RTI responses from the High Courts [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1YJKH7bgmX2JrFi7KudZRrRgp0F5Cm0m/viewuspsharing 2. RTI response received from MeitY [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1beG705xUhMUaUpKkc7Q3BZN5tNltwI8 3. Copy of Supreme Court order dated 15.02.2019 [link]https//sci.gov.in/supremecourt/2018/44324/443242018Order15Feb2019.pdf 4. Sekhri Abhinav and Gupta Apar Section 66A and Other Legal Zombies October 31 2018. IFF Working Paper No. 2/2018. Available at SSRN [https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893]https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893 or [http//dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3275893]https//dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3275893. Hypocrisy ki hi kyu hoti hai. Renewable energy target likely to be missed by 42 on policy issues Report [NP]. Using cyanide Kerala woman murdered six members of family over 14 years say police. The woman Jolly Joseph who belongs to Koodathai village in Kozhikode district of North Kerala has confessed to all six murders Kozhikode Rural superintendent of police K G Simon told reporters.. What if job security of govt jobs is let go: We always complain about the apathy of govt. Employees not considering the jobs they do is a service for the public. And they have to dependable at all times. So if we introduce a performance based incentives with letting go of employees who are down right not productive at all. I think this will set many things in line. Govt employees chose this life. They chose to be of service to the public. The immunity is causing more damage than the good things it is capable of. If you are not being a good service to the people dont be in that line of business. I acknowledge there is a good side to all of this. One other profession which offers such immunity is professors. The reason is the same. To introduce new policies/ideas without the fear of losing your job. to experiment and we all know where our govt employees stand on that.. india and Bangladesh relationship so far. Funeral Video Busts No Deaths No Kids in Jail Report JampK Police Sent Supreme Court. Bangladesh has surpassed India as the fastestgrowing South Asian economy Report. Three RBI Surveys Paint a Picture of an Economy Still in a Funk. RBI study Over 50 of Indians feel job scene is getting worse: [removed]. Times Litfest Mumbai cancelled because seriously floundering economy has kept sponsors away. What does the auto sector being affected means to the economy: The auto sector or car industry is the representative of the whole industry. The auto sector industry is the bell weather of how a country is functioning. It is the assembly of all technologies. Encompassing software mechanical lighting cyber security etc. So technically for a country to manufacture really good cars you need to have all industries functioning well to help achieve it. So if you are able to build good cars you are moving up the technology/value chain. Hiding behind a poker face doesnt help. Serious measures should be taken.. This thing costs 350rs in India you have to be an Idiot to buy one of this. People specially in murica have far exaggerated its taste fame and hype. A question about aadhar card updating: Hello all my aadhar card address says Im in State A old address. I want to update it to State B permanent address. Im currently in state C. Can I go to permanent aadhar card enrollment centre in state C and ask them to update my address from State A to B Or should I go to state B Thanks.. India shelves crackdown on singleuse plastic. Government Holding Talks On Reduction In Income Tax NITI Aayog Vice Chairman. Consumer confidence reaches its lowest in PM Modis tenure reveals RBI. GDP growth is low because.... Economy needs surgery time for peptalk amp promises by Modi govt is over. Bangladesh India BBC Hindi. Harvard University to study Telanganas residential schools model. Repo Rate cut RBI cuts repo rate by 25 bps to 5.15 lowest since March 2010. PMC Bank Scam ED registers money laundering case raids 6 locations in Mumbai HW English:  The HDIL group and PMC official nexus came into the light after the RBI put restrictions on the bank. Reportedly out of the total loan almost 73 have been given to HDIL. Mumbai The Enforcement Directorate ED registered a money laundering case against some PMC bank officials and directors of realty firm HDIL Rakesh and Sarang Wadhawan in the PMC Bank case. The ED also raided 6 locations in Mumbai on Friday. In a first definitive action post the PMC Bank fiasco the Mumbai Police has arrested HDIL promoters Rakesh Wadhvan and Sarang Wadhvan. The arrest has been made by the Economic Affairs Wing of the Mumbai Police. Rakesh Kumar is Executive Chairman of the HDIL whereas Sarang Wadhvan is managing director of the company. Also Read [RBI raises withdrawal limit for PMC Bank depositors from Rs 1000 to Rs 10000]https//hwnews.in/news/nationalnews/rbiraiseswithdrawallimitpmcbankdepositorsrs1000rs10000/113900 Earlier the government had issued a lookout notice against the two asking them to make sure that they do not leave the country. The HDIL group and PMC official nexus came into the light after the RBI put restrictions on the bank. Reportedly out of the total loan almost 73 have been given to[ HDIL]https//www.youtube.com/watchvVDYXl6f0uPg. FIR Against HDIL Officials The Economic Offenses Wing of Mumbai Police has registered a case against the officials of the real estate company HDIL and the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative PMC Bank. The Economic Offenses Wing has set up a Special Investigation Team SIT to investigate the case. The police have filed a lawsuit against 14 officers of the company and the bank under sections 409 420 465 466 471 and 120B of the Indian Penal Code IPC. Several account holders of Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank PMC had lodged a police complaint against the bank officials on Thursday a police official said adding that public funds were levied against the chairman and its directors by the bank on behalf of customers. A complaint of embezzlement has been filed. RBI had put restrictions on PMC Bank The Reserve Bank of India has imposed a sixmonth ban on Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank Limited PMC Bank on charges of irregularities. The central bank has issued special guidelines to monitor all transactions of PMC Bank. This will affect the account holders as well. Under this no depositor can withdraw more than 1000 thousand rupees from his savings account current account or any other deposit account.. A steady decrease in rainfall the switch to waterintensive cash crops and everincreasing borewells have lowered the water table in Nagarur village of Anantapur leaving farmers struggling to keep their crops alive. India Services PMI at 19month low of 48.7 in September. As protests by teachers and farmers continue Punjabs Sangrur resembles Delhis Jantar Mantar. Why did Amazon Cut its India Investments Piyush Goyal and Wilbur Ross Have Different Reasons. Big setback to Renewable Energy targets in India Uttar Pradesh becomes the second state after Andhra Pradesh to cancel Renewable Energy projects owing to high power purchase prices. How to Design a Leave Policy every hr person should know that: 1 If an employee is eligible for leaves during probation 2 Can an employee take leave while serving a notice period 3 How many annual leaves is an employee entitled 4 What is the quantum of leaves that can be opted at one time and can it be approved 5 For the sake of convenience leaves should bifurcate under different segments for better management. [Read Full Blog]https//www.startuphrtoolkit.com/howtodesignaleavepolicy/ [https//www.startuphrtoolkit.com/howtodesignaleavepolicy/]https//www.startuphrtoolkit.com/howtodesignaleavepolicy/. In PMC Bank Crisis Directors Of Firm Accused Of Loan Default Arrested. Explaining the problem of open defecation in India. PMC Bank matter Housing Development Infrastructure Limited HDIL Directors Sarang Wadhawan and Rakesh Wadhwan accused of loan default have been arrested by Economic Offence Wing.. The dirty secret about website blocking in India... WhatTheBlock:  Processing img ifgfsl1l3aq31... Highlights Background IFF continues to receive a number of reports of website blockings through its online portal. We have written to the DOT and MEITY multiple times informing of the persistent blockings but there continue to be no reasoning provided nor action being taken for such blockings. Where is the legal basis We write to the ISPs highlighting the illegality without Court or Central Government orders and violation of Unified License conditions. This is the legal framework. This week we sent a legal demand to ISPs to review and unblock websites. Yes that includes your favourite service providers like Airtel BSNL Jio and Vodafone. In our legal notice we make clear the current legal framework that permits website blocking as we explained in our previous post [here]https//internetfreedom.in/whyispornbeingblockedinindiawhattheblock/ and [here]https//internetfreedom.in/whattheblockournetneutralityrulesrequireamonitoringandenforcementstructure/. To recap there are three ways 1. Through court orders 2. Through directions of the Central Government subject to certain conditions under Section 69A of the Information Technology Act 2000 3. Through directions by the Department of Telecommunications to Internet Service Providers under Clause 7.12 of the Unified Access License in the nature of public interest or under Clause 38.1 to prevent transmission of obscene content. We continue to emphasize on the opaqueness of this process. Very rarely are there any reasons for blocking of a website made available to the originator of the information or the general public who may want to access the website. Apart from a standard notice which is sometimes not even uniformly displayed across ISPs there is little clarity both in terms of notice being provided or even the legal basis for the same so we call them out on this in our legal demand. Yes lets talk about porn In our previous post we set out at length that there exist only three legal orders for blocking porn in India [read more here]https//internetfreedom.in/whyispornbeingblockedinindiawhattheblock/. We noted in it that The third court order which is publicly accessible was passed by the Uttarakhand High Court in a suo moto writ petition WP PIL No. 158/2018. In this case the Uttarakhand High Court had directed blocking of pornographic websites mentioned in a notification by DoT dated 31.07.2015. However DoT has clarified that out of the 857 websites mentioned in the notification ISPs were only required to block those websites which hosted child pornography. Further the final order dated 07.12.2018 in this writ petition disposed the matter after referring to an existing case in the Supreme Court Kamlesh Vaswani v. Union of India WP Civil No. 177/2013. Since this case was disposed there is little to no legal basis to sustain any interim directons which may have been passed by the Uttrakhand High Court to block porn websites in India [read more here]https//internetfreedom.in/whyispornbeingblockedinindiawhattheblock/. Lack of legal basis We highlight the number of website blockings reports of especially popular websites such as IndiaKanoon Reddit SoundCloud Telegram and various pornographic websites such as PornHub that IFF receives through an online reporting tool at www.savetheinternet.in. We explain in two points how there is no justification for such arbitrary website blocking that cannot be done proactively by ISPs. 1. Court ordered blocking The persisting widespread ban on pornographic websites seemingly finds legality in a direction by DOT dated 31.07.2015 which used the list of 857 pornographic websites produced by the Petitioner in Kamlesh Vaswani v. Union of India W.P. Civil No. 177 of 2013. We have pointed out that the DOT subsequently issued a clarification to ISPs stating that only those websites that hosted child abuse content were required to be blocked. The Uttarakhand High Court initially ordered blocking of websites mentioned in the DOT notification dated 31.07.2015 but during the hearing the DOT clarified that it had issued another notification requiring ISPs to only block websites featuring child porn. The Uttarakhand High Court made note of this clarification and disposed the case. 2. Violation of license conditions The amended Unified License terms made on the recommendations of the TRAI on net neutrality prohibit any discriminatory treatment of content and blocking has been very clearly included in subclause ivb with the exception of court or government orders which once again is not in effect. The sole exception IFF has a clear position against child porn and any abuse related imagery where we hold a clear view that proactive blocking by ISPs is a permissible action but needs to be done with postdecisional transparency and regular checks to ensure that this exception does not become the rule. We inform that even as per the 2011 Report of the UN Special Rapporteur in para 18 notes that child abuse content is a clear exception to the justification of blocking measures subject to the effective safeguards in place to prevent abuse of such restriction.Therefore with no Central Government/Court ordered blocks there is no reason for these blocks. Under whos authority As you can clearly see there is no legal justification for such arbitrary and unwarranted blocking and no clarity in case there are Central Government orders. We write to the ISPs with three requests 1. Conduct an internal legal review We believe many websites have been blocked in India by ISPs historically without any clear legal basis as on date. There may have been historical reasons which are invalid today. For instance any interim directions in a case before the Uttrakhand High Court which was disposed off. Hence the interim orders for blocking do not hold good any longer. 2. Provide legal reasoning To provide the legal basis under which the continued blocking of pornographic websites such as PornHub and the recent instances of IndianKanoon Reddit SoundCloud the Telegram domain and Playboy. 3. Provide clarity If there are Central Government orders restricting access to certain websites we ask that they made available to the public in order to provide users with clear reasons for such blocking to ensure it does not portray that arbitrary blocking by ISPs are conducted. We have continuously emphasised on how website blocking is one of the clearest forms of net neutrality violations if done by ISPs proactively and without a clear direction of Court or by Government Authorities as per law. We will keep working tirelessly on the need for the enforcement of net neutrality through adequate mechanism to proactively monitors reports and provide users with a well established redressal process to address violations. Until then we will continue to engage with the Government and ISPs institutions to ensure there is clarity and legality in website blockings. Links to important documents and posts Notice to ISPs on website blocking [link]https//drive.google.com/drive/folders/1qWHvIXuWgH8jrnEEHWhjbro06Iiikkquspsharing Why is porn being blocked in India [link]https//internetfreedom.in/whyispornbeingblockedinindiawhattheblock/ [IFF will be there when your VPN wont. Invest in digital rights today. It has a high rate of return.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. How A GDP slowdown increases the number of Jobs. Very strange. ELI5 please.: Swarajya The Jobs Paradox Amidst Cries Of GDP Slowdown Jobs Seem To Be Growing. https//swarajyamag.com/economy/thejobsparadoxamidstcriesofgdpslowdownjobsseemtobegrowing. How A GDP slowdown increases the number of Jobs. Very strange. ELI5 please.: Swarajya The Jobs Paradox Amidst Cries Of GDP Slowdown Jobs Seem To Be Growing. https//swarajyamag.com/economy/thejobsparadoxamidstcriesofgdpslowdownjobsseemtobegrowing. New private investments hit a 16year low. Festive season fails to lift passenger vehicle sales major companies report decline in September offtake. Asian Stocks Fall Further on Economy Worries. Government to redevelop Parliament Building Common Central Secretariat amp Central Vista. Customers of PMC Bank protesting in front of RBI.. Why does this sub hate the BJP and Modi: [removed]. India Banned Onion Exports. Now Asia Has EyeWatering Prices. Aukaat Mein OST TEASER BABA CHI. Comments invited on Guidelines for Development of Decentralised Solar Power Plants Submit by 11th October:  Department Ministry of New and Renewable Energy Deadline 11th October Contact id shobhit.srivastavanic.in. Draft document [Guidelines for Development of Decentralised Solar Power Plants]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/guidelinesfordevelopmentofdecentralisedsolarpowerplants.pdf. Comments / Suggestions from stakeholders on Draft Energy Performance Norms for Thermal Power Generating Units Submit by 15th October:  Department Bureau of Energy Efficiency Deadline 15th October Contact id ravinder.yadavbeenet.in and kumarabeenet.in by 15th October 2019 1600 hrs Draft document [Draft Energy Performance Norms for Thermal Power Generating Units]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/draftenergyperformancenormsforthermalpowergeneratingunits.pdf [Comment Response Sheet\0]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/commentresponsesheet0.pdf. Comments invited on Meghalaya Registration of Tourist Trade Bill 2019 Submit by 15th October:  Department Directorate of Tourism Meghalaya government Deadline 15th October 30days from 16th September 2019 Contact id Director of Tourism Lower Lachumiere Shilloong 793001 or meghtourismgmail.com Draft document [Meghalaya\Registration\of\Tourist\Trade\Bill\2019\Draft]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/meghalayaregistrationoftouristtradebill2019draft.pdf. Suggestions invited on Delhi Governments plan to introduce DeshBhakti curriculum:  Department SCERT Delhi Government Deadline N/A Contact id The suggestions can be submitted at [https//urlzs.com/cE13U]https//urlzs.com/cE13U Draft document [Delhi government notice]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/10/delhigovernmentnotice.pdf. Nearly 20 million viewers opt out of DTH services as bills start to pinch. Kashmir 144 Children including 9YearOld were detained since August Police tells JampK Court Committee. What Should We Do About the Indian Economy A WideAngled Perspective. India shelves plan on countrywide ban on singleuse plastic products.. IRCTC IPO will test Indian investors faith in the Modi governments handling of the Indian economy. In a Career of Reporting These Are Stories That Still Touch Me. Get ready this recession will come faster than we can expect US manufacturing survey contracts to worst level in a decade: [deleted]. Breaking Candidates Must Also Disclose Criminal Cases In Which Cognizance Has Been Taken By Court SC [Read Judgment]. Big income tax cuts on cards After corporate tax bonanza govt planning this Diwali gift for people. Behance is now illegal Boys. Explained The National Population Register and the controversy around it. Government Cant Manage Economy How Can They Fix Ecology Bombay High Court. GST collection slips below Rs 1 lakh crore mark to Rs 91916 crore in September. Unemployment Rate Among Indian Women More Than Twice That Of Men Report. PM Modi Innovation and Startups Crucial for India to become a 5Trillion Economy. Nirmala Sitharamans fiscal boost a week leaves many questions still unanswered. GYM Freaks In Delhi Will Freak After Listening To This News 80 of Gyms To Seal In Delhi Supreme Court Orders...: [removed]. Privacy Activist Usha Ramanathan On How Aadhaar Has Taken Over Our Lives. Delhi DDC Harvard tie up to study free bus rides womens safety. Govt to borrow Rs 2.68 trillion in H2 FY20 Economic Affairs Secretary. CJI Gogoi Asks CBI to Take Action on Report of Justice Tahilramanis Financial Irregularities. Too many Indians taking over USA jobs: [removed]. Narendra Modi Worlds Worst Chowkidar LIC amp PMC Bank. In Abu Dhabi For Love Kerala Woman After Parents Report Kidnapping. More Bad News for the Economy as Eight Core Sector Industries Record Negative Growth. Telangana stares at Rs 1.43 lakh cr public debt as on FY18CAG... Core sector output declines by 0.5 in August. Children join their parents in protests against bad roads traffic jams in Bengaluru. The young protestors were demanding for the widening of Balagere and Panathur Road which becomes quickly congested during peak traffic hours.. Govt wants Rs 30000 crore interim dividend from RBI. Government May Ask For Rs 30000 Crore Interim Dividend From RBI Report. Consumer gloom in India may dim festive cheer despite tax cuts. UP has finalized a plan identified sectors to become 1 tn economy Adityanath. Bihar and Uttar Pradesh More than 100 dead in fresh India flood chaos. Petrol price touches 80 in Mumbai highest in 2019. Crisishit PMC Bank used dummy accounts to escape RBIs attention The bank misled auditors of the RBI by replacing legacy accounts of the company with dummy accounts dating back to 2008. BJP MP Subramanian Swamys advice to PM Narendra Modi India Upfront With Rahul Shivshankar. Railways plan to fight cash crunch Get sponsors to clean stations cut lowdemand trains. Current debt crisis in India is similar to the 2008 Lehman shock Minoru Kimora. Ease of doing business India among 20 most improved countries. Govt may seek Rs 30000 crore interim dividend from Reserve Bank of India. OnePlus begins smartphone exports from India. Ban on SingleUse plastics and increased oil production So much for fighting climate change.. Govt may seek Rs 30000 crore interim dividend from RBI says report. ILL KILL MYSELF OUTSIDE THE RBI BUILDING: https//mumbaimirror.indiatimes.com/mumbai/coverstory/illkillmyselfoutsidetherbibuilding/amparticleshow/71355908.cms. iPhone 11 sees strong festive demand across India as people throng stores. Average age of marriage highest in JK. A health report has revealed that average age of marriage is higher in JK state than all other states in India [Dec 2015]. Average age of marriage highest in JK. A health report has revealed that average age of marriage is higher in JK state than all other states in India. Truck maker Daimler announces six nonproduction days due to slow demand. Lakshmi Vilas Bank in distress: [removed]. Why the fuck does the government want me to provide ID to couriers before shipping any item from abroad: I dont remember this being the case years ago. In the name of security now the government is increasing the risk of ID theft.. RBI places Lakshmi Vilas Bank under prompt corrective action. AP Govt owns all liquor business from Oct 1. Stock clearance at peak discounts.. Stock clearance sale at peaks now. Indians in The Gig Economy: Greetings Every manager today is talking about The Gig Economy and the Harvard Business Review has an article on it every other week. But my review of existing literature tells me that there is very little quantitative research in this area. This is especially scary because companies across the world are shifting to a flexible contractual workforce practically blind to the implications it has. This has far more consequences for Indians as almost 30 of the global freelance work is done by Indians. I am a final year MBA student specialising in Human Resource Management and I am working on a dissertation on this topic. My objective is to develop a framework within which organizations can develop a network of talented freelance workers while ensuring that the socioeconomic needs of freelancers are addressed. If you are currently involved in any form of freelance work kindly help me out by filling this questionnaire and help usher in the new era of employment. https//forms.gle/XWJ9xV7vkMQtPWV59. Indias generous maternity leave policy fails to cover 99 of women who need it. Citizens List Wont Impact Bangladesh PM Tells Sheikh Hasina Report. Farmer suicides what is the solution: [removed]. Amazing response by Indian officials in UN to Imran Khans rant. Assam will get its own version of the World Trade Centre as a 65storey twin tower.. Maruti Suzuki Expects Higher Retail Sales In September 2019. 2017 Gorakhpur tragedy Dept report clears doctor blamed for deaths of 60 kids. Why India needs timely crime data. Government of Odisha to develop the Shamuka Beach Area near Puri in Odisha.. Can the Indian economy ride out the storm. A conversation with foreign minister Jaishankar. Would compulsory service help the youth: Ive read a bit about this and wanted to know what the Reddit janta think Do you think individuals between the age of 1821 should clock in at least 6 months or any suitable time period in service That could be the army or driving ambulances or being in the paramilitary basic paralegal work firebrigade etc or something suitable My rationale is that when young adults are forced to work in situations that require participation team work and undertaking responsibilities their world view would mature a bit. They will also learn very important life skills. Furthermore these fields are currently understaffed do not require extensive training. Fresh blood would bring vigour and get work done faster. This kind of came in my head when I saw news anchors saying Yes to war and stuff like that post Balakot. These people never held a gun and tried to defend a fellow citizen irrespective of their caste or religion. Anyway I would like the youth to have more option and not have compulsory military service like it is done in many other countries. I have read the problems associated. But places like Austria allow for community service and I think that is important. I daresay it is an integral part of education as it teaches you how to live in a society.. How do I report child labour: In my area so many people employ kids in petrol bunks restaurants and local grocery shops. I hate to see them working when they should be out there going to schools. I feel like they are exploited on a daily basis. Ive decided to report all this but dont know where to start. Also can I be anonymous while I give a complaint against the owners. Reporting from Kashmir 1989 to 1994 Part 1. Pak approaches UNSC to allow release of monthly expenses for terrorist Hafiz Saeed committee allows request. TIL Indias largest export commodity is Refined Petroleum: [Source 1]https//commodity.com/india/ [Source 2]http//www.worldstopexports.com/indiastop10exports/ [Source 3]https//oec.world/en/profile/country/ind/. Indian economy to start recovering from late FY20. Fee to reregister cars older than 15 years likely to go up by 25 times. Medanta Group is planning to open 1000bed hospitals in Gorakhpur Varanasi and Allahabad.. Doubts About Rule of Law Hamper Indias Economy. Comments invited on Draft Delhi Health Bill 2019: Submit your inputs on email ID [dirdhsnic.in]mailtodirdhsnic.in within 30 days from 23.09.2019. Sedition Law Comission of India. Soaring US demands hold back trade deal with India. Premature Imitation and Indias Flailing State. Global Peacekeepers Award to PM for Swachh Campaign. Mukesh Ambani richest Indian with net worth of Rs 380700 crore Report. Hitting 5trillion mark by 2024 in India. Social media rumours of banks shutting down false RBI. Indias economic growth could rebound to above 7 next year ADB says. Hours After a LateNight Knock an Entire Neighbourhood Reduced to Pellet Injuries. Professor Ayushman comic book series to increase awareness among kids on use of herbs home remedies. Bengaluru Signature Business Park to be the citys largest business park of 407.08 acres would be developed. What kind of a joke is this RBI sanctions on PMC Bank get slammed on Twitter. SAP How To Creating VIP Incentive Report SAP Training For Beginners in Hindi. Rs 1.45 lakh crore to have trigonometric multiplier impact on economy bet on these 20 stocks.. How To Verify Voter ID Card Online and make correction in Voter Id From .... ActionPacked Hearing in Facebooks Transfer Petition before the Supreme Court.:  https//i.redd.it/vk8zcbb4sio31.jpg 24 September 2019 In todays hearing before the Supreme Court in Facebooks transfer petition seeking transfer of Antony Clement Rubin v. Union of India from the Madras High Court to the Supreme Court extensive arguments were made by the parties on whether technical and complex issues involving encryption should be addressed by the judiciary. On 23.09.2019 IFF filed its response to Facebooks transfer petition and reiterated that while it believes such problems should be addressed by the legislative and executive branches of government the Supreme Court should not curtail the jurisdiction of High Courts to entertain writ petitions by ordinary Indian internet users against large multinational tech companies. Ordinary Indian internet users residing in different parts of the country should be allowed to approach their State High Courts if their fundamental rights are violated by Big Tech because most Indians do not have the resources to initiate litigation in the Supreme Court. While we believe that the prayers in Antony Clement Rubin v. Union of India are misguided and strongly oppose any attempts to weaken encryption it is also important to preserve access to justice for aggrieved citizens. During todays hearing the bench once again inquired about the status of the Draft Intermediaries Guidelines Rules which have been in the pipeline since December 2018. The Counsel for the Central Government clarified that the policy formulation process was underway and special suggestions were being sought to revise the Rules. However he stated that a specific timeline for notification of the Rules could not be provided. The Bench comprising of Deepak Gupta J. and Aniruddha Bose J. noted that while misuse of technology is a serious concern such technical and complex issues are best addressed by the executive branch. The Counsel for the State of Tamil Nadu insisted that WhatsApp was trying to avoid complying with Indian law by stating that it does not have the technology to identify the originator of information on its platform but this was not true since Dr. Kamakoti who is a Professor at IIT Madras had provided a technical solution to enable tracing of originator. In response Senior Advocate Mr. Kapil Sibal appearing for WhatsApp stated that another IIT Professor had disagreed with Dr. Kamakotis proposed solution. This was a reference to the expert report by Dr. Manoj Prabhakaran from IIT Bombay that IFF had previously filed before the Madras High Court. Read more about it [here]https//internetfreedom.in/ifffilesindependentexpertsubmissionbeforemadrashc/. After hearing these submissions the Court noted that such complex issues need to be decided in consultation with technical experts and the judiciary cannot be expected to implement such changes. The Court emphasized that while policy formulation was within the domain of the executive any policy formulated by the government is subject to judicial scrutiny to ensure that it does not undermine the right to privacy. Since the Draft Intermediaries Guidelines Rules are being actively considered by the Government the Court adjourned the matter till 22.10.2019. It further directed the Solicitor General to file an affidavit by the Secretary of MeitY within 3 weeks about the status of the Rules and provide a definite timeline about when the process will be completed. IFFs Executive Director Mr. Apar Gupta said the following about IFFs stance in todays hearing gtIFF represents Indian internet users and their fundamental rights and not Big Tech. This requires us to take principled positions on whats the best outcome possible in tough and complex situations. Ordinary internet users should have the ability to approach local judicial forums against Big Tech and will lack the financial capacity and resources to travel from remote places in India to judicial forums such as the Supreme Court of India at New Delhi. This is separate from our substantive position which we have explained and our stance has been taken after considerable deliberation and inputs from our external team of lawyers. Just like we have filed a technical submission opposing traceability in the Honble Madras High Court we also opposed the transfer petition after receiving legal advice. According to us it is best to contest the demand for traceability or social media regulations before the Honble High Court. The High Court judgement will of course be subject to appeal if parties are aggrieved and the transfer petition is dismissed. Ultimately foregrounding all of this is our defense of the standards of the Shreya Singhal judgement. This is why we recommend that such complex questions that rest on technical aspects of computer science should be settled by executive and legislative processes rather than through courts. Any such legislative changes or regulations are also similarly open to judicial challenge if they undermine fundamental rights. The next hearing in the transfer petition is on 22 October 2019 and we will keep you updated about how this important case progresses. IFF was represented in todays hearing by Udayaditya Banerjee Ria Singh Sawhney and S. Prasanna and we are extremely grateful for their continued support. Important Documents 1. Copy of IFFs response to Facebooks Transfer Petition [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1sV6lC2jQLAmhibXdPS1BetexsP8ocGW/viewuspsharing. Privacy is no joke: [removed]. Delhi Development Authority DDA to redevelop six more slums based on the publicprivate partnership model.. A year on Ayushman Bharat faces multiple challenges ahead. The Dirty Work Behind Indias Smart Cities. If you love democracy you will have to fight the media Journalist Ravish Kumar. Modi 2.0s Corporate tax cut receives big thumbsup. India says no plans to revise fiscal deficit target or cut spending now. Howdy Modi or a Trumpcard: Trump using Modi for gaining Indian voters favor so he can make it illegal for them to live in USA is next level thugness.. Rupee vs Dollar How it works. Reliance Capitals 5 Billion Debt at Risk After D Rating. My thoughts after seeing NRI Bhakts collective go crazy over Modis visit .. To decongest the cities India needs fewer cars Opinion. High growth cannot be sustained till India makes adequate investments in infrastructure. CAG audit must in KIIFB KIAL Satheesan... One Nation One Tax. Indias Act Far East Policy for Russia A Step Towards Revitalisation. Sensex soars. Reserve Bank of India invites comments on Discussion Paper on Guidelines for Payment Gateways and Payment Aggregators: [removed]. Question about recent tax cuts: A few years back a tax cut bill in the US was passed which was hailed by Republicans as something which would create jobs and boost the economy. Barring a temporary boost in economic growth most companies from what I understand ended up engaging in stock buybacks and providing fat bonuses to their managers without much benefits to either their employees or consumers as a whole. Do you think this is likely to happen in India as well. Byelections for 64 Seats Voting on 11 Seats of UP on October 21. [Old] The Law is Clear Reserved category candidates are entitled to General seats on the basis of merit. The A Team is back: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/codvrnuzgwn31.png On September 14 2019 the newly constituted Standing Committee on Information Technology was announced by the Government. The Committee will be headed by Congress MP Shashi Tharoor as its chairperson. The Committee comprises of 31 Members of Parliament with 21 from the Lok Sabha and 10 from the Rajya Sabha. Why are Parliamentary Committees important Parliamentary committees are vital aids to parliamentary and legislative processes through deliberations interactions and debates amongst stakeholders to an issue. Raman Jit Singh Chima cochair of IFF provides a succinct explanation on the especially on Committee on Information Technology It plays a crucial role in holding government and other entities to account opening up the policymaking process on technology issues to citizens and expert inputs and using its power to call for hearings to also serve as a clear signalling function as to the approach the people of India wish on an issue. [Read here for more]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/policymakersmustengagemorewithtechnologyfirms/storyA0U7kw59OHCU28QOkTTn3M.html. At the conclusion of the year the Committees even provide reports with findings and recommendations which are shared with the Government and tabled in Parliament providing advisory value. Apart from what it seems as entirely too procedural the Committee is of incredible consequence as it helps hold the Government to account while also providing a platform through submissions or even hearings for both industry and the public to engage on significant issues. We have a few suggestions. As this new Committee forms we have taken the opportunity to write to them on three very particular issues Transparency and accessibility We highlight the need for further public participation through comments and also suggest that public depositions will enable better civic engagement and what better way to increase transparency than to begin telecasting proceedings. Wouldnt it be great to have public viewing of these Committees brainstorming Unfinished homework We point out the need to conclude matters deliberated on by the previous Committee such as the consultation on net neutrality and the need to safeguard citizens data online to name a few which are incredibly important issues that need clear outputs. Whats in store With technology finding new ways to leave us befuddled we suggest a few prevailing issues such as a legal framework for surveillance reform the current state of free speech amongst many others that need proper attention by the Committee. Were supremely excited to engage with the Committee in every way we possibly can and we hope there will be fruitful deliberation that will result in better governance of technology while putting the fundamental rights of the Indian citizen first. Links to important documents Letter to the Chairperson of the Standing Committee on Information Technology [link]https//drive.google.com/openid0B3J0iAyRzCGxYlVrcGoyNWZwLW1vMWZUT2l3dmxTejAzczJz. Explainer Will Nirmala Sitharamans Corporate Tax Cuts Save Indias Economy. An independent fiscal watchdog for Parliament. Handset makers expect lower taxes to give fillip to RampD manufacturing. [Serious Question ] How reducing tax on corporations will increase purchasing power of people: I dont believe companies will pass on any benefits to public.. Realty reforms a big draw for foreign investors Colliers. A Modest Proposal for Reviving the Economy. Nirmala Sitharaman Tax cut for new plants to lure MNCs looking beyond China. GOVERNMENT Policy Holders Workers Will Suffer If Modi Govt Continues to Bleed LIC Congress. Do we need death penalty in India Many judges agree find researchers. Taiwanese businesses look to India as alternative to China. A selfinflicted economic slowdown. This toilet retired as soon as it was made Bakhari village in Lucknow district is counted in UPs claims of being 100 per cent opendefecationfree under the Swachh Bharat Mission though the village only has old broken and unusable toilets. Bills to check spurious seeds pesticides in next Parliament session. Sensex jumps over 2000 points biggest single day gain in 10 years after Nirmala Sitharaman cuts corporate tax Firstpost. Ministry of Finance Rolls back Taxes on Securities Cuts back Corporate Tax Eases GST Compliance. Govt Listens: We lost about 17.6 trillion in market cap in last one quarter ever since budget was announced. GST new form now requires you to file quarterly return lt5cr Revenue Now BJP has rolled back every other Securities tax that caused the Blood Bath to begin with. I wish we could learn from tech firms and do more Sandbox testing before doing a nationwide rollout.. Nirmala Sitharaman slashes corporate tax to 22 govt to forego Rs 1.45 lakh cr per year after levy cut other relief measures Firstpost. Corporate tax reduced from 30 to 22 how is this going ti impact the economy: Livemint Five things to expect from GST Council meet in Goa today. https//www.livemint.com/news/india/fivethingstoexpectfromgstcouncilmeetingoaonfriday1568947764528.html. Corporate Tax Rate Cut From 30 To 25.2 To Spur Growth. Corporate tax slashed for domestic companies and new domestic manufacturing companies. KenBetwa river linking project may be economically unviable says Supreme Courts committee. Corporate Tax Rate slashed: Nirmala Sitharaman Corporate tax slashed for domestic companies and new domestic manufacturing companies The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/policy/corporatetaxslashedfordomesticcompaniesandnewdomesticmanufacturingcompanies/articleshow/71213356.cms. Corporate Tax Rate slashed: Nirmala Sitharaman Corporate tax slashed for domestic companies and new domestic manufacturing companies The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/policy/corporatetaxslashedfordomesticcompaniesandnewdomesticmanufacturingcompanies/articleshow/71213356.cms. Corporate Tax Rate slashed: Nirmala Sitharaman Corporate tax slashed for domestic companies and new domestic manufacturing companies The Economic Times https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/policy/corporatetaxslashedfordomesticcompaniesandnewdomesticmanufacturingcompanies/articleshow/71213356.cms. Subramanian swamy and State of Rupee vs dollar: ampx200B [Today 1 71 INR ]https//i.redd.it/hk8s9stlnon31.jpg 2014 If NDA forms the next government and Modi becomes Prime Minister then the value of rupee will get stronger and after two years of NDA rule it will be Rs 35 per dollar he said. source [financialexpress.com/archive/indianrupeewillgetstrongerafterndacomestopowersubramanianswamy/1244498/]https//financialexpress.com/archive/indianrupeewillgetstrongerafterndacomestopowersubramanianswamy/1244498/. JampK relied on loans to meet expenses Study. ET Analysis Halfway through tenure UP CM Yogi follows Modi govt model amp PM style. Overreporting of tigers Questioned officials rush to amend but holes remain. Current Economic crisis. FM Nirmala Sitharaman We have told the banks that till March 31 2020 no stressed asset MSME will be declared an NPA. We have also requested that the bank should make an effort to sit with such stressed asset MSMEs amp work it out with them to get them out of that situation.. R E C E S S I O N. A Suggestion by your Average citizen: Why dont the government remove most of the service and goods tax and ask every citizen to pay about 12 of their income yearlyand ask every body to update their income certificate every month.like the middle East countries. Banks asked not to declare stressed MSME loan as NPA till March 31 2020 Sitharaman. Tax Collection Misses Target By A Wide Margin In AprilSeptember. A selfinflicted economic slowdown. Right To Access Internet Is Part Of Right To Privacy And Right To Education Kerala HC. Rules are rather a tool used to squeeze money out of citizens at this point.. Ecigarettes ban As tobacco stocks surge this is how the government gained. Comments invited on Concession Agreement for Setting up and Operating Automated Inspection and Certification Centres for Transport Vehicles Submit by 1st October:  Department NITI Aayog Deadline 1st October 2019 Notice date 17th September Public consultation meet at NITI Aayog New Delhi on 15 October 2019 at 1100am. mail to rk.bhathejanic.in Contact id The comments are to be sent in the enclosed format in electronic/editable form addressed to Mr. R. K. Bhatheja Economic Officer PPPAU on the email rk.bhathejanic.in Draft document [Concession Agreement for Public Private Partnership in Setting up and Operating Automated Inspection and Certification Centres for Transport Vehicles]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/09/concessionagreementforpublicprivatepartnershipinsettingupandoperatingautomatedinspectionandcertificationcentresiccentresfortransportvehicles.pdf. Taxes in India: [removed]. Comments invited on ECommerce Guidelines for Consumer Protection 2019 Submit by 31st October:  Department Ministry of Consumer Affairs Food amp Public Distribution Deadline 15th September 2019 Extended to 31st October 2019 Contact id dscpucanic.in Document [Guidelines on eCommerce ]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/08/guidelinesonecommerce.pdf. Tough choice.. Slowdown Blues Why continued low inflation is not good for economy. Future of the Economy: For starters I want to be clear that I dont have any profession knowledge of economics after 12th grade CBSE. But whatever I say has been admitted by renowned economists around India both in the opposition and the government. If we compare the current economy of India to that of 1967 we find that there are shocking similarities the agriculture sector is suffering manufacturing industries both small and medium scale are running out of funds the tertiary sector has an acute imbalance towards production and employment. This frightens me because we all know what Indira Gandhi resorted to when the economy crashed around that time. I just want all of your thoughts on whether this comparison is accurate or not and if it is then how will it all play out and what all can we do. Bonus Theres a very funny clip of Subramanian Swamy BJP saying that PM Modi has only till December to do anything else street level demonstrations are going to start.. Rules are rather a tool used to squeeze money out of citizens at this point.. Left Right amp Centre India Bans ECigarettes Cigarettes Next. Indias government is pouring money into dung. Social progress not only depends on the economic development but also on the use of revenues generated by economic expansion.: [removed]. Subramanian Swamys economic views come full circle from Harvard. Social progress not only depends on the economic development but also on the use of revenues generated by economic expansion.: Highlights The study released by Institute for Competitiveness India in collaboration with Social Progress Imperative is the first edition of a subnational Social Progress Index for India. The global Social Progress Index ranks India at the 93rd position. However the countrylevel insights are not sufficient to devise a plan of action as the conditions vary significantly within the country. Therefore a regional study is conducted. Kerala emerges as the top performer by making remarkable progress across social indicators. Other states that demonstrate strong social progress performance include Tamil Nadu Uttarakhand and Goa. The top performers on social progress reveal that there are several ways to achieve worldclass social progress economic growth being one of them. The state scores range from low 40s to high 60s on a scale of 0100 exemplifying the immense scope of improvement for even the best performing states. Inclusion of high income states like Andhra Pradesh Arunachal Pradesh in the tier of Middle Social Progress reflects that social progress not only depends on the economic development but also on the use of revenues generated by economic expansion. Social progress over the period of eleven years has improved in every state. The group of states that have registered the highest improvement are the ones that were categorized as Very Low Social Progress States in 2005. This demonstrates that states at a relatively low level of social progress may be able to improve more rapidly since they have both more opportunities for improvement and can also draw on lessons and approaches that have been implemented elsewhere.. 100 guaranteed method to make India great again.: Just make 1 rule regards candidature of politicians No one with any active or pastproven guilty criminal case should be able to participate in elections as candidate. Maybe even add a clause about minimum education level like bachelors or atleast High school. Now I know this may result in depriving opportunity from some deserving persons to be leader but in the long run I think it will improve the status of our country. If a person with any active criminal case cannot apply for any government job then how the f can he be the government.. Indias GDP is less than 5 Why: [removed]. RBI releases discussion paper on Guidelines for Payment Gateways and Payment Aggregators. Subramanian Swamy vs Narendra Modi Indian Economy. India open to selling part of Air India to foreign airline sources. Big brain time. Sexual harassment case against investor Mahesh Murthy dismissed by Bombay High Court Report. In an order passed last week the court said the complainant did not properly explain why the FIR was registered 14 years after the alleged incident in 2004.. Indian economy can worsen further market valuation too steep Marc Faber. At 17.5 million Indian diaspora largest in the world UN report. E cigarette ban: So the government has decided to ban e cigarettes to protect the youth in a country of 106ish million smokers most of whom probably started smoking in their teens. And of course cigarette company share prices are rising due to this.. Reduction in Child Mortality 2000 2017. Vinod Dua Live Big Alert Indias Stock Market Declining. A 45 Billion Bet on Narendra Modis India Is Unwinding. Comments invited on the Code of Social Security Submit by 25th October: Department Ministry of Labour Deadline 25th October 2019 Notice date 17th September Contact id sanjeev.domnic.in Shri Sanjeev Nanda Under Secretary Ministry of Labour and Employment Room 17 Ground Floor Shram Shakti Bhawan Rafi Marg New Delhi 110001 by 251h October 2019 [Draft document The Code on Social Security2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/09/thecodeonsocialsecurity2019.pdf. Lets discuss this article. Aim is to take economy to 10 trillion by 2030 Rajnath Singh. First Interview on my podcast with Dr. Jayaprakash Narayana ex IAS Founder LokSatta movement FDR: [removed]. After learning about GDP .. Blueprint ready Govt mulling fourth booster dose to revive economy. Indian economy needs revolution not tinkering. Comments invited on the Aquatic Animal Disease and Health Management Bill2019 Submit by 30th September:  Department Department of Fisheries Deadline 30th September 2019 Notice date 13th September Contact id sagar.mehranic.in The Joint Secretary Fisheries Department of Fisheries Ministry of Fisheries Animal Husbandry and Dairying Room no 228 Krishi Bhavan New Delhi 110001 Draft documents [The Aquatic Animal Disease and Health Management Bill2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/09/theaquaticanimaldiseaseandhealthmanagementbill2019.pdf. Aramco Drone Attack Could Derail Indian Economy if Petrol and Diesel Prices Spike by Rs 56 Per Litre. Government eMarketplace and SIDBI partner to boost MSME Ecommerce Sales Will this Step Revive Our Economy. Translation Our country wouldnt be facing recession had our media not been such a whore.. Indians left with less money to spend after demonetisation per capita income growth at 5year low The growth rates of per capita GDP and of net disposable income have plummeted in the postdemonetisation years. Number of poor at 190 a day19932017. Sensex dives 642 points on crude oil woes Does India have any oil companies. Heavy Fall In The Stock Market. What Next for Indian Economy. Sensex slumps 700 points rupee falls sharply against US dollar. India is the worlds thirdlargest oil consumer importing more than 80 of its oil requirements and around 18 of natural gas.. Is India prepared for a global shock. 5 Growth A Surprise Analysing Why It Happened Says RBI Governor. True story. A DRDOIndia RustomII drone has crashed during flight test at Chitradurga Karnataka reports BangaloreMirror Livefist on Twitter. With economy in downturn India Incs senior executives grapple with severe mental stress. Why are Resident Indians Remitting More Money Abroad Than Ever Before. How bad is the employment scene right now: I am an engineering student who is planning to graduate next year. I read a lot about factories reducing operating hours massive layoffs etc. Does anyone have an idea of what we might face over the next year or so. Number of poor at 190 a day 19932017. Are you a Ghaziabad resident looking to get a pet dog Pay Rs 5000 first. A brain drain tax A 1000 annual surcharge on each diaspora Indian would generate 16 billion about 1.15lakh crore an amount sufficient for the government to immediately announce a 33 per cent acrosstheboard reduction in income taxes to spur economic growth. Despite global turbulence economic fundamentals strong Ravi Shankar Prasad. Growth numbers look much worse than predicted admits RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das.. 2 lakh jobs in danger Retweet to help us get attention from Govt. I am one of the people going to be affected. No We Are Not Living Through A Fiscal Crisis Heres Why. The Ordinance against vaping...: Is complete bullshit. While science is an ongoing effort and what we know might change tomorrow the current research shows gtExisting evidence indicates that EC use is by far a less harmful alternative to smoking. There is no tobacco and no combustion involved in EC use therefore regular vapers may avoid several harmful toxic chemicals that are typically present in the smoke of tobacco cigarettes. Indeed some toxic chemicals are released in the EC vapor as well but their levels are substantially lower compared with tobacco smoke and in some cases such as nitrosamines are comparable with the amounts found in pharmaceutical nicotine products. gt gt\ [sauce paper]https//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4110871/ Theraputic Advances in Drug Safety gt gtThe cardiovascular safety of nicotine is an important element in the debate on the benefits vs risk of ecigarette use and related public policy. Based on current knowledge we believe that the cardiovascular risks of nicotine from ecigarette use in people without CVD cardiovascular disease are quite low. gt gt\ [sauce paper]https//www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/S1050173816000530 Trends in Cardiovascular Medicine The deaths which have occurred in the US are unrelated to the vaping products currently being sold in India. They are black market home made cannabis vapes laced with Vitamin E which is toxic when vaporised. I am currently searching for a paper to confirm this. If children are vaping then that is not an industry problem. Thats a failure of proper parenting. Even so these products need not be banned. I dont mind being asked for ID when I purchase. I started smoking when I was 16. I quit four years ago. I havent touched a cigarette in 4 whole years. I dont cough anymore. I dont get throat infections. I can run climb stairs without getting winded. To be certain vaping is not without risk. But when patches failed gum failed inhalers failed drugs failed and selfcontrol failed vaping worked. Ive converted five of my friends to vaping. Hardcore smokers who would mock me for my gay strawberry smoke. They now get nauseated when someone smokes next to them. Ministry of Health fuckers who are trying to ban vapes are all in the pocket of ITC. Everyone of their arguments against vapes true or false equally apply to cigarettes. You think theyll ban cigarettes and bidis Im sorry for the rant. Im just pissed as fuck. Amid a sharp auto slowdown small towns drive up sales of used cars. Petrol diesel prices likely to increase after Saudi oil attacks. Online shopping sales in India Lower discounts economic slump take toll. Indias Economy Slows Stalling Once Thriving Manufacturing. Ghost city Over 100 residential towers abandoned by builders in Noida. Maruti Suzuki blames increase in ownership cost for declining car sales. After Subhasri death Chennai Corporation removes 3400 illegal hoardings in a day. India staring at a price flareup after drone attack on Saudi oil facility. people in the world had no idea what crypto coins actually are until the most famous Bitcoin came into the limelight. Bitcoin costs around 734350 INR. Click on the link to see more about Bitcoins. The impact of GST on invoicing and thus on revenue and profit of organizations operating in India exploring one of the factors impacting the economy right now: Before I begin I am not an expert on taxation I am a business guy working in B2B sales for an Indian MNC. My 3.5 year career has been largely postGST but I have experienced the preGST era as well. I constantly have to deal with GST and its numerous requirements. My objective is to highlight a major roadblock that I and many other business folks have encountered due to GST and I feel that this aspect is playing a big role in the slowdown and at the same time has been left largely unexplored till now because of the grassroot nature of the problem. The people higher up dont encounter this directly and anyone who doesnt encounter this wouldnt understand the gravity of the problem aka reporters etc. Again to reiterate I am not trying to debate the improvements over VAT and I am merely here to highlight a side of GST which is hindering my revenue and my profit thus my business. ampx200B Lets start with some basic concepts first /1 Invoicing The act of giving a bill for the products or services utilized by a customer. For most people this is a simple receipt at the end of a meal for instance or at the checkout counter of a clothing store for the clothes youve purchased or a bill given by a cleaning service for cleaning their homes. But for an organization an invoice is the means to collect money from a client. Anything that is sold to a client will generate an invoice for the products delivered/services rendered. The invoice will also have the tax details GST number billing address registered address shipping address list of items that need to be paid for applicable tax CGST IGST SGST payment due date and authorized signatures An invoice is a means to collect cash from the client. Without a proper invoice cash cannot be collected. This is where the problem starts. Since not having a proper invoice gives a lot of ground to the client to delay the payment. ampx200B /2 The process of Invoicing / Invoicing function in an organization Once the product is delivered or the services rendered or sometimes before they are delivered invoicing is triggered meaning that a bill is generated and the money has to be collected from the client. This is usually done through an ERP like SAP or Oracle. The invoice then reaches the collections department where the collection manager submits the invoice to the client for verification and payment. The collection managers are the front line people tasked with bringing money into the organization. They are one of the most important people for running the business because their performance impacts the cash flow of the organization. They are normally tagged to accounts aka clients. One collection manager could be handling anywhere from one client to thousands depending on the nature and size of their clients. Once the client verifies the invoice the money is transferred to the selling organization and it becomes revenue and subsequently profit for them. If the client holds the invoice for any reason then it becomes lost revenue or a bad debt loss for the selling organization. The longer the client holds this money the lesser the value that money holds due to the concept of timevalue of money. 100 rupees today is considered as more money than 100 rupees one month from now due to the timevalue of money. Thus a delayed payment impacts the profitability of the organization. /3 GST for the services industry GST dictates that the invoicing for services will be done in the state where the services have been delivered. I will explain this concept in detail as this is the crux of the problem. To start off I will outline a simple sale and how that sale would translate into the preGST and postGST era Problem Statement Assume that Tata Motors intend to buy 5000 chairs for their offices from Pepperfry for 50 lakh rupees. Tata Motors also wants Pepperfry to install the chairs in their offices 5 lakh rupees and then provide 5 years warranty including a checkup every year to determine the life of the chair and any repairs required 15 lakh rupees. Tata Motors wants the chairs to be delivered to 50 offices in india across 20 different states. This is a mix of products chairs amp services installation and maintenance. The total bill is for 70 lakh rupees 5000 Chairs INR 50 Lakhs Installation of Chairs in 50 Offices across 20 states INR 5 Lakhs Maintenance of Chairs for 5 years INR 15 Lakhs Pepperfry sales executives will take the purchase order from Tata Motors and put the order into their system. The input of the purcahse order will trigger three functions a Delivery of the products amp services b Invoicing and payment for the order c PostSale service amp maintenance PreGST Invoicing Before GST came into the picture the above bill would be generated by Pepperfry as a single bill centrally ie they would generate a bill for 70 lakhs with the extra relevant VAT and the tax details of the two organizations. This would be on ONE SINGLE BILL for the entire deal irrespective of state city etc. They would just give Tata Motors one single piece of paper saying that they are owed 70 lakhs with the due date for the payment. Manoj who is Pepperfrys collection manager for Tata Motors will submit this single invoice at the Tata Motors office where it will be checked by the Tata Motors procurement and finance teams and if there is nothing wrong with the invoice the payment will be cleared off by the due date. Again the point to focus on here is that only ONE INVOICE is needed for the delivery of the chairs and services to the entire country. Manoj has to submit just one invoice follow up on invoice and collect the payment on one invoice. Tata Motors teams have to verify one invoice and process the payment on one invoice. Only one tax number and billing address is needed on the invoice because it is being done CENTRALLY. If there is something wrong with the invoice Manoj has to correct only one invoice and resubmit it to Tata Motors. ampx200B PostGST Invoicing Like I mentioned before GST dictates that the invoicing be done in the state where the services have been delivered ie separate GST filing for all states. Explaining further this means that a separate invoice has to be generated for each state that is involved in the transaction. If this one state involved one invoice. If two states are involved then two invoices. If five states are involved then five invoices. And in this case since twenty states are involved twenty invoices. ampx200B The values of the invoices are split in direct proportion to the usage. If 100 rs is the total bill value in three states Maharashtra UP amp Kerala with 603010 usage then the bills will be Maharashtra 60 UP 30 Kerala 10 So in a sense it is a separate company in each state in terms of GST. Moving on to the implication in the Tata Motors Pepperfry transaction Since the chairs have to be delivered in 20 states Tata Motors amp Pepperfry will have to have a registered office in all twenty states along with a GST number for each state. Tata Motors will have to issue 20 purchase orders in the proportionate value to Pepperfry ie 70 lakhs split proportionally into 20 states. The sales executive will enter twenty purchase orders into the system. Then deliveries will be triggered for 20 states and 20 different invoices will be handed over to Manoj after generation. Manoj will submit 20 invoices to Pepperfry whose procurement department will then verify 20 invoices give it to finance to verify and then initiate 20 payments. Then 20 payments will be received by Tata Motors with 20 banking transaction IDs and Manoj will verify the 20 payments and close the transaction for now. This is the ideal scenario. As you might have been able to tell the effort required by everyone involved in the deal has gone up 20 times. This effort required will be the same as before if there is only one state involved on the buying side ie Maharastra selling to Maharashtra. Itll be twice the effort if two states are involved on the buying side ie Maharashtra selling to UP amp Kerala. It has a possibility of going upto 36 time the effort required previously for the same amount of money since there are 29 states and 7 Union Territories. Yes Union Territories are treated separately as well. ampx200B The impact from this is /1 Efficiency/Effort Pepperfry is still going to make 70 lakhs on the deal but the effort required will be twenty times that of before because Tata Motors will give 20 purchase orders on which 20 invoices will be generated. The time taken to process these invoices is the same because their value does not impact the time taken to collect the money on them. This is because each invoice will be the same template its just that their values will be different. Example Maharashtra Chairs INR 5 Lakhs Installation INR 50K Support INR 1.5 Lakhs Kerala Chairs INR 3 Lakhs Installation INR 30K Support INR 90K UP Chairs INR 10 Lakhs Installation INR 1 Lakh Support INR 3 Lakhs The total money being collected is the same as before but the sales executive Manoj the procurement guy amp the finance guy have to do 20 times the work for it with no other added value. Their efficiency in this scenario has gone down to 5 but it can arguably go down to 2.7 if all states and union territories are involved although this is a rare case. Also like I said that this is the ideal scenario. It doesnt always go this smoothly. Some of the challenges encountered are a Incorrect proportions of purchase orders / invoices Someone made a mistake if 10 needed to be allocated to UP then theyve allocated 11 or 15. The process has to be repeated again after finding the fault. b Incorrect GST on PO / invoice Suppose a particular invoice has the wrong GST it means that it cant be processed on incorrect tax information which means that that money cant be collected on that invoice. Before GST there would be one wrong tax number now it could be one or two or twenty. Mistakes happen in the real life. This is one of the most common things we face. Mistakes happened before GST as well now they just happen in multiples. And we really cant expect people to make mistakes because they always will. Again efficiency goes down as multiple times the effort is required to fix the mistakes. c Missing GST It isnt necessary that all companies will have a GST registration in every state. So Tata Motors might not have a registered office in 2 states for example ie they wont have a GST number. They will now have to provide a declaration to Pepperfry saying that they dont have a GST number for two states and then Pepperfry will be able to give them the invoice. The payment of the money is delayed till then. Getting that declaration in my experience takes a long time because if Tata Motors says that they arent able to claim input tax credit in that state. Thats like leaving money on the table for them and getting this declaration basically saying that they are willing to lose money on the transaction requires approvals upto the highest levels because it is a loss to the company. Manoj now has to follow up on two more time consuming things to get the same amount of money and thus efficiency goes down further. /2 Cash Flow Cash is the lifeline of a company. A company without cash cannot survive. They could be valued at a billion dollars but if they dont have cash to pay their employees they will shut down. Kingfisher couldnt pay their employees interest vendors because they didnt have cash left same for Jet again doesnt have cash for payment of salaries fuel loan payments etc. BSNL again is struggling to pay for things because they dont have cash. Thus a healthy cash flow is one of the most important aspects of the business or for the survival of the company. If companies were people cash flow would be the oxygen. Invoicing is how cash is brought into the company. Because of the decrease in efficiency of the collection managers a delay is introduced in the collection of the cash. So if preGST cash was being collected in 25 days now it would be taking say 45 days because the collection managers efficiency has gone down. And the tiny delays add up. Incorrect GST add another 7 days for that cash to be collected missing GST add 15 days etc. This has two outcomes Firstly because Pepperfry had earlier predicted that theyll get the money in 30 days but they are now receiving it in 45 days that means the 70 lakhs they need at the 30th day for their daily expenses now needs to be found from somewhere else since this 70 days will now be coming after another 2 weeks. They will have to dip into the reserves for 15 days. Secondly the money has lost some value. It was 70 lakhs at the end of 30 days but now since time has passed it has lost some value due to the time value of money. It couldve generated interest or it couldve been invested but now this is delayed and hence some value is lost. This is a loss to Pepperfry. To summarize GST has delayed the payment cycle of the company. It now takes longer to collect the same amount of money than it used to before GST was introduced. If money takes longer to come in it takes longer to go out salaries interest payments vendor payments and other outflows are impacted. /3 Profit The profit made on a deal varies from company to company and deal to deal. Let us assume that Pepperfry made 10 profit on this deal ie 7 lakhs. Due to the following factors this profit will get impacted a The payment cycle is delayed so theyre collecting the profit after a longer duration. They will have to collect 63 lakhs before they start making a profit. This could be after say theyve collected 13 of the 20 invoices. The remaining 7 will give them their profit. So basically profit generation is delayed because the cash flow has been delayed. This means that the profit made on the deal has lost some value. If preGST this was 7 lakhs now itll be less than 7 lakhs in value due to the time value of money. And again because efficiency has gone down the effort required to generate the same amount of profit has gone up and thus the profit on the deal has actually gone down. b There are 20 invoices to process. Not all will always go through. Many will get stuck and the payment will be delayed or may never come due to the process issues. The money that will just linger there and never come to Pepperfry will become a bad debt to them. If the invoice gets stuck for some reason like incorrect GST missing GST incorrect value the cash wont be collected for that invoice and that amount will get reduced from the profit. So because the invoice hasnt gotten processed the 7 lakhs profit will now be less say 5 lakhs. If more than 7 lakhs is not collected on the deal then Pepperfry will actually make a loss on the deal. The biggest culprits of this are PSUs like HPCL BPCL UBI etc. Their requirements are so stringent that if there is a single mistake and they hold the invoice. This payment could get delayed for years and thus the profit on the deal is impacted. They just wont pay till everything on the invoice is correct or they could delay for multiple other reasons. Many businesses dont sell to PSUs because of this reason their profits and cash get stuck in doing business with them. This is different from preGST because earlier if say there was a mistake there was one invoice to fix. Now there could be many. For the same amount of revenue as before now chances are you wont make the same amount of profit. Thus due to the lowered efficiency longer payment cycle and stuck payments the profit made has gotten impacted. ampx200B In conclusion to my ramblings due to the statespecific nature of GST the effort required to make the same amount of money as the preGST era has gone up. This has impacted the revenue and thus the profit made by companies and these are problems that everyone will face because of how GST is. If you want to do business in multiple states you will have to be ready to face these challenges. Feel free to discuss the impact this will have on our economy. In my opinion it has had a big impact but I really need someone much more knowledgeable than me to analyze and publish that. I feel this deserves a conversation at the very least because this one change has impacted revenue and profit extensively it has made making money harder and thus is going to have a lasting impact on the economy. The worst part is it doesnt look like this system is going to change in the near future. ampx200B Ill probably put a tldr later.. Telangana wont permit uranium mining in Nallamala forest KTR tells Legislative Council. Manmohan Singh tells Modi govt to stop headline management and focus on economy. A must read for young professionals Is the current downward trend of the economy cyclical or structural or both Is Entrepreneurship one of the ways to turn the wheel around. Academician Species Plan: Dear India before anyone alive today was born their teachers already came through criminally foreign infleucned sciences and that defended as logic rakceteering roles and natures simultaneously breachihng screens tools weapons and worse and regarding how the Constitutions surface values are abridged. Each modern nations founders worse than did not have free speech. And everyone forced everyone to blame other things and/or to blame others and/or to blame selves for the real causes of negative value nature progressions acts and natures acts like predicate acts and natures like criminal insidiousness natuers and/or like mass wrongdoers and like mass wrongdoing roles needs and natures where/how that counts too where/how we are nature as value/value as nature simultaneously and that increasing the physical value/value progressions we are. So states and so areas cant defend their sequence treatments and us from what exploits that and keeps it the only allowed nature of sophistication to keep it. This criminal foreign influence through the species is not sourced by one other nation but is fluent through each. And so all must teach right through fake science voice. We must have the species nature of volume its/ourselves seize what might use or even need a nuclear weapon. We have recorded criminally foreign influenced zoning laws and means to afford all that tied to the tacitcally denatured relationships to ground that the science of logic as volume as nature really as/is. So we must enter the identities the nations study of/as each other. This is not sourced by one other nation but is fluent through each modern nation and is maintenance to this. Many Wethersfield police and others interciites are tied to a Dimauro family and to a Kerr family for example with all these other antions and courtss roles with child offenders and with identity thefts note people I never had a class with. They are also with a person called Joshua Julian further with a principal sex offenders campus and further with women judges inolved with rakceteering with him and with others worse before that and as such tied sick also leading up to the Trade Center attack. Many tied to CCSU recorded confessed confirmed and demonstrated that a Scalora family is also invovled with sick abuses of little boys and girls distinctly nondistinctly and together and them now as ones foreign and domestic that are our sources here. Please get them from the names forging and switching. They are in the way of Pantheism now Its science. Its about the identity of value progression that all identities of value progression indiviually grouped and together and sequentially distinctly nondistinctly and simultaneously before and beyond that all that demonstrates it per science. They have the religions taught through countercriminal insidiousness natures and natures of logic as such counters to what is no longer worse criminal insidousness natures. Other natures of racketeering kept/keep these internations physical cultural bodies fake etc. victim predators. Each campus lied. You guys are the first reddit page when I looked up academician. It says we must be for India. I am your species nature of volume. I am for India but am more for the identity we are beyond and while being the value of each nation individually gropued and together. Even what is not overtly tacticlaly denatured from semiancient times is still tactically denatured landscape theater. Were in a semiancient trap. Now all must rap box sings..... Seeing the current economic situation O tweeted this out.. Aadhar to be linked with Social Media Are we really going to do this The govt is getting more brazen with every passing day.. Haryana journalist slapped with FIR for report on rotting grain. Nirmala Sitharaman 2013 vs Nirmalas Economy 2019 Rules for thee but not for Me. Swiggy taking a digg . Income inequality gets worse Indias top 1 bag 73 of the countrys wealth says Oxfam [January 30 2019]. Hyderabad cops giving helmets instead of challans. Journalists are losing jobs by the dozen. Whats happening. [REPOST] Challan amount of Rs. 653100. Probably the highest in India Repost. Deleted the owners info.. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman Is Announcing Measures To Boost The Economy. Find Police near you escape from challan. Is NHAI in Fine Financial Health Or Will India Pay for Needless Bravado. I have been appointed as Chairman of theParliamentary StandingCommittee on CommunicationsampInformation Technology. It is always a privilege to serve the nation through constructively pursuing Govt accountability to Parliament. Suggestions on issues2raise welcome officetharoor.in Shashi Tharoor. Millennials responsible for slowdown in automobile industry Data disagrees.. Millennials responsible for slowdown in automobile industry Data denies.. Medical camp Survey. Volunteer and support Social Mission.. Reserve Bank of India invites comments on Draft Guidelines for on tap Licensing of Small Finance Banks in the Private Sector Submit by 12th October 2019: [removed]. Telanganas one crore acre dream comes true. Cabinet Named 106 National Waterways In Spite of Objections By Finance Ministry Niti Aayog. Is it true that ONGC was once Indias most profitable company but this FY they reported a huge loss for the first time: My reading is that Modi govt. recently made them ONGC purchase GSPC amp HPCL which were having huge debts and because of that one of Indias Navratnas who was the most profitable public company reported a loss of Rs. 40 Cr. for the first time. Whether or not he did that to please Mr. Ambani is a speculation what does Ambani gain if ONGC makes losses Is my understanding correct or there is more to it. No endeavors made to edge Uniform Civil Code in India SC. Indian Governments Surrogacy Bill 2019 Everything You Need to Know. Indias Economic Sentiment Falls Google Searches Spike. Why would millennials do that. Centre gears up for tussle with Gujarat over traffic penalties. Theres no confusion The new reports clearly confirm Arya migration into India.. Millennials Opting for Ola amp Uber Not Big Factor in Auto Slowdown Says Maruti Suzuki Official. Indias GDP growth rate much weaker than expected says IMF. Indias economic slowdown may be worse than it appears. Those earning upto 1.80 lakh will get free health insurance in Haryana. OddEven to be back in national capital during 415 November. Kerala Spent Nearly 500 Crore On Alcohol This Onam. Dont misunderstand heavy traffic fines Gadkari appeals. Should the government and the people take efforts to stop the auto sector slowdown: [removed]. Redevelopment of GPRA colonies. Dont be fooled by Gmails promise for confidential emails.. Indian economic growth much weaker than expected IMF. 67 of Indias prisoners are unsentenced. Should the government and the people take efforts to stop the auto sector slowdown: All through those years in school they teach us to opt for public transport for environmental reasons which is good. Now we grow up and act on that and suddenly the government loses its shit. On a more serious note would it be wise for the government to intervene on the issue and provide relief measures such as the GST rate cuts Almost all the major cities are choking with traffic and parking problems. Fewer vehicles on the road should be the least of this countrys problem. I feel that the auto industry should suck it up and just accept the new normal. I am not a big fan of governments encouraging reckless consumerism of their citizens just to keep the economy growing. What are your thoughts. 5 steps to fix the economy by Dr. Manmohan Singh [Current Affairs 2019 Youtube]. India Staring At A Protracted Slowdown Manmohan Singh Warns Centre. Maruti differs with Nirmala Sitharaman says Ola Uber not big factor in auto crisis. Govt. plans to redevelop Parliament building by 2022. We dont have to use our mind when BJPs minister is talking.. Manmohan Singhs 5point remedy for extremely serious economic slowdown. PM launches Kisan Maandhan Yojana pension scheme for traders amp selfemployed Things to know Times of India. Using Einstein and Gravity Piyush Goyal Explains Why Modis 5 Trillion Goal Can Be Achieved. Blaming Millennials for Economic Slowdown. Whats next : [removed]. Never mind Newton: [removed]. Never mind Newton: Maths never helped Einstein discover gravity Piyush Goyal https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/mathsneverhelpedeinsteindiscovergravitypiyushgoyal/article29399249.ece. Two new genetic studies upheld IndoAryan migration. So why did Indian media report the opposite. Slowdown stories from Indias heartland: Slowdown stories from Indias heartland https//www.livemint.com/news/india/slowdownstoriesfromindiasheartland1568226866326.html. Maruti differs with Nirmala Sitharaman says Ola Uber not big factor in auto crisis. The Motor Vehicles Act 2019 amendment and the states OC Map. After Gujarat traffic fines set to be cut in Karnataka. Shankar Acharya Growth prospects dim. Site decided Govt clears mega solar project in Leh and Kargil. Nirmala Sitharamans millennial theory is correct Ola Uber do influence the perfect storm in auto sector. Good read. Auto crisis more due to overproduction than slowdown in economy Rajiv Bajaj. China vs India World Population Watch Top 20 Countries by Population and the challenge between China and India is remarkable.. Hilarious Hashtag BoycottMillennials Is Trending Thanks To FM Nirmala Sitharaman. STFU Librandu. Millennials Have Destroyed Every Industry Since Nirmala Sitharamans Remarks On The Auto Crisis. Modi government cuts increments for senior ISRO staff. Nirmala Sitharaman gets badly trolled for mindset comments. no potholes in mumbai says BMC committee chairman. U.P. State Road Transport Corporation to develop 24 Bus Stations on PPP basis. All is well. Pak Releases Masood Azhar from Custody Amid Tensions With India Over Article 370 Move Report. When you skip the tutorials.. First 100 days in Modi 2.0 Claims versus reality. Contrary to what the Finance Minister claimed millennials do want to purchase cars data from the YouGovMint Millennial Survey shows. When you miss the tutorials.. Comments invited on Draft Scientific Social Responsibility SSR Policy Submit by 8th October:  Department Department of Science and Technology Deadline 8th October Notice date 9th September Contact id Dr. Parveen Arora Adviser amp Head CHORDNSTMIS DST New Delhi Nirman Bhawan New Delhi11001 Email id paroranic.in Draft documents [Draft Scientific Social Responsibility SSR Policy 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/09/draftscientificsocialresponsibilityssrpolicy2019.pdf. Startups in the cow dung and urine business could soon get up to 60 government funding Report. Uber fires 400 employees as losses continue to pile up Report. Startups DelhiNCR home to 7000 startups pips Bangalore and Mumbai in Unicorn count Report. Dr Rathin Roy on state of Indian economy: Dr Rathin Roy on state of Indian economy. Who is Dr Rathin Roy ex Member Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister of India. Part 1 27 mins [https//www.youtube.com/watchvXRB9WgQFAZQampt2s]https//www.youtube.com/watchvXRB9WgQFAZQampt2s Part 2 52 mins [https//www.youtube.com/watchv7OUvbPzrd8Y]https//www.youtube.com/watchv7OUvbPzrd8Y ampx200B Spoiler Alert My understanding after watching the two videos 1. Economy is in deep shit 2. Worst is yet to come 3. Possible solutions are 1. increase taxes on middle class 2. reduce tax subsidies 3. increase inflation 4. And last and not the least BMKJ. Fewer startups over last three years says report. BSNLs CODE of Misconduct. We write to the DOT on the need for immediate action.: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/mt7ynl9icwl31.png Highlights Background IFF filed RTIs with BSNL the DOT on the malicious code injections by BSNL wrote to the DOT and also submitted an incident report to CERTIn on the issue. We received a response to our BSNL RTI claiming that the code injections contain no malware but acknowledging the existence of such code injections nonetheless. Need for investigation We write to the DOT with the help of reports by our communitry members of persisting code injections by BSNL. We request that necessary investigative action be taken in addressing the matter. Background Previously we informed you of our three pronged approach to the engaging of code injections by BSNL. While we did not recieve a response from the DOT and CERTIn to our complaints we received responses to the RTIs filed with BSNL and the DOT. However while the DOT claimed the subject matter did not pertain to them BSNL sent a response stating that that the there was no malware in the advertisements injected into the code. We couldnt have done it without our community The acknowledge by BSNL of such code injections is itself problematic. We wrote to the DOT to highlight that the alteration of code through injections is itself a violation of the principles of net neutrality and license conditions as we have explained in our previous post. Our supportive community members provided us with firsthand reports of tests conducted by them to inspect BSNL services for continuing code injections. One of the reports suggested that certain ad domains redirected to were considered suspicious by Kaspersky Internet Security. Government needs to take action We have informed the DOT of previous actions and correspondence conducted by us in attempts to address this issue. But in light of BSNLs response and the continuing practice of code injections we write to the DOT with two requests 1. To carry out an investigation and take action in line with complaints/reports in our previous correspondence. 2. To direct BSNL to take recourse as we have suggested in our previous complaint dated 17.05.2019 with Ref. No. IFF/2019/110 or necessary measures in addressing the issue of code injections Links to important documents Followup to the DOT along with BSNL response [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1GZSTJ2n4Bz1LQURBbUXfBokrcDzcqXlL/viewuspsharing Code injections ruining smooth browsing [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. what are chances of having resolution against motor vehicle amendment bill 2019 : after reading for while about the incidents are happening with traffic officer because they are fining people at least Rs.2000 . A dip in GDP is part of growth process Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman. Millenials preference for Ola Uber responsible for auto crisis says FM Nirmala Sitharaman. Did Nirmala Sitharaman Just Bring MillennialBlaming To India. Delhi to drop CBSE have its own next generation education board.. Automobile sales crash 23.5 in August worst decline in a month since 199798. India Post Payments Bank launches Aadhaar Enabled Payment Services. US200 mn ADB loan to upgrade rural roads in Maharashtra. If you violate the law you will have to pay penalty whether you are central minister chief minister bureaucrat or a journalist.. More the merrier. After Maruti Suzuki and Hero MotoCorp Ashok Leyland to halt production in September. Deepak Chaurasias mental health on steady decline GetWellSoonDeepak Sign the Petition. Everything You Need to Know about Indian Governments Major PSB Merger Drive Will it Work. Worlds worst badloan mess set to worsen on Indias cash crunch. Economic slowdown hits Telangana KCR cuts budget by 19 per cent.. Supreme Court says criticism of government army judiciary cannot be construed as sedition. India Post Payments Bank Announces Rollout of Aadhaar Enabled Payment Services at the First Anniversary of its Business Operations. Truck driver in Odisha fined Rs 86500 becomes biggest violator under new Motor Vehicles Act in the country. Demonetisation Initial Trigger For Current Economic Slowdown Says Indias Former Chief Statistician Dr Pronab Sen. Its not the economy stupid Why politics is to blame for Indias sluggish growth.. Iran removes antiIndia banners from Pak consulate in dead of night. No more Section 66A Cases We are building a Zombie Tracker with Civic Data Labs AgamiChallenge: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/0hfvlsk9vhl31.png Section 66A of the Information Technology Act 2000 was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of India in March 2015. This section was vague and lead to arbitrary arrests of young college students a cartoonist and many other social media users. Hence the judgement came as a huge relief. It meant that the unconstitutional Section 66A would not be able to used in future and even pending cases would be closed. But this did not happen to our horror. The problem is the implementation In a research paper lead by Abhinav Sekhri and coauthored by IFFs executive director Apar Gupta it was demonstrated that Section 66A was being still used for legal prosecutions all over India [read more]https//internetfreedom.in/66azombie/. This is unconsititutional and has clear harm to individuals who are accussed under it the Supreme Court whose judgement is being flouted even the creaky overburdened criminal justice machinery from police stations to trial courts. To the authors this is a signal failure in which the judgements of the Supreme Court are not being implemented on the ground for ignorance and the absence of proper incentives. The question is how can we fix this Earlier this year we collaborated with PUCL [follow PUCL on twitter]https//twitter.com/puclindialangen Indias prominent human rights advocacy organisation that was also a petitioner in the Supreme Court in the Section 66A Case [read more]https//internetfreedom.in/section66abitesthezombiedustrighttomemesection66a/. That resulted in a positive direction in which a copy of the judgement was directed to be sent to every district court and police station. This may not seem like it after all ignorance of law is not an excuse but was a radical step. As per many RTIs we have filed over the past few months this judgement has indeed been dispatched to district courts all over India. But the question and the suspision remains. Are Section 66A cases still being prosecuted Are fresh ones still being filed The answer to this is yes and yes as is demonstrable through the recent prosecutions of Priyanka Sharma in West Bengal and Prashant Kanojia in Uttar Pradesh [read more here]https//internetfreedom.in/phantomsensationsof66a/. We will not give up ChallengeAccepted To completely fix this we have come up with a techdev solution in partnership with CivicData Labs [check them out here]https//www.civicdatalab.in/. It will primarily query any fresh Section 66A cases on a monthly basis providing not only research insight but the basis for future advocacy actions to completely eradicate it from police stations and court rooms in India. We have called this the Zombie Tracker and submitted it for the Agami Challenge. We will be working in collaboration with CivicDataLabs to query analyse and publish we are at the same time considering concerns around the right to privacy and those of the accused a large data sets and have also been able to build a rough prototype at present. They have allready built a prototype of a digital dashboard from court data in Maharashta. But at present this is just like a concept car displayed at trade shows. It needs to be properly tested amended and deployed for maximum impact. The components of the proposal for the Zombie Tracker [click here]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/xdQPvNEzsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e3 all details including the work flow the various technical aspects a detailed budget with costs but also challenges and mitigation strategies have been fully and transparently disclosed and made publicly available. We invite further feedback on it Our larger hope is to build an innovative model in which a tech tool components of storytelling and advocacy all three work together as a strategy toolkit for the enforcement of constitutional judgements. To us this would be one of the best use cases of opening up judicial data to the public A great pool of applicants Please also check out some stellar applications in the applicant pool by Azim Premji University [crime victimisation surveys]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/EKpYdneZsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e5 IGIDR Finance Research Group [company level litigation]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/ZPZKnBWzsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e4 Oorvani Foundation [Urban Governance]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/KVpalmrgsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e15 National Institute of Public Finance and Policy [Contract Enforcement]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/WyelnDrQsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e13 HAQ Centre for Child Rights [Child Protection Law Implementation Tracker]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/YpZAkXMKsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e10 Veratech Intelligence Private Limited [MCA Dataset]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/xQgKvoaQsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e7 Manas Sharma Gurman Bhatia Prawesh Lama [dowry bazaar]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/YqQjoZAwsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e8 Preeti Pratishruti Dash [rape cases to provide insight into judicial adjudication]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/yvbPzjJRsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e1. You may also want to check out the entire gallery which also includes details of the data hubs which will host this data [click to view]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ. Important Links 1. IFFs submission of the Zombie Tracker to the Agami Challenge for review and comments [link]https//agamichallenges.awardsplatform.com/gallery/NeLxyneZ/xdQPvNEzsearch426dea9e9f5cff1e3 IFF will grow with individual Indian donors like you. Become a part of IFF today. [Become a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/.. How bad is the slowdown State of the economy explained in 10 charts. National Govt cuts back incentives for ISRO scientists just before Chandrayaan launch [July 12 2019]. Delhi government invites suggestions from citizens to combat air pollution Submit by September 12th: [removed]. Comments invited on Draft Rajasthan Wind amp WindSolar Hybrid Policy 2019 Submit by 20th September:  A Working Group was constituted by vide order dt. 24.06.2019 by Administrative Reforms Group3 Department GoR to study the existing Wind Policy and to suggest any revision/amendment in Wind Policy. The Draft of New Wind amp WindSolar Hybrid Policy 2019was placed before the aforesaid Working Group.As per the directionof Working Groupthe Draft of Policy is being hereby placed on RRECL website for comments of all stakeholders. Therefore all the stake holders are requested to submit suggestions/ comments on the draft of policy if any. The link for submission of comments will be available on RRECL website [http//rreclmis.energy.rajasthan.gov.in/policyComment.aspx]http//rreclmis.energy.rajasthan.gov.in/policyComment.aspx up to 20.09.2019 1159 PM Draft policy available at [http//energy.rajasthan.gov.in/content/dam/raj/energy/rrecl/pdf/Common/Rajasthan20Wind202620WindSolar20Hybrid20Policy202019.pdf]http//energy.rajasthan.gov.in/content/dam/raj/energy/rrecl/pdf/Common/Rajasthan20Wind202620WindSolar20Hybrid20Policy202019.pdf. Comments invited on Draft Rajasthan Solar Energy Policy 2019:  A Working Group was constituted by vide order dt. 24.06.2019 by Administrative Reforms Group3 Department GoR to study the existing Solar Policy and to suggest any revision/amendment in Solar Policy. The Draft of New Rajasthan Solar Energy Policy 2019 was placed before the aforesaid Working Group. As per the direction of Working Group the Draft of Policy is being hereby placed on RRECL website for comments of all stakeholders. Therefore all the stake holders are requested to submit suggestions/ comments on the draft of policy if any. The comments/suggestions can be send through the online link available on RRECL website [http//rreclmis.energy.rajasthan.gov.in/policyComment.aspx]http//rreclmis.energy.rajasthan.gov.in/policyComment.aspx up to 20.09.2019 1159 PM.  . Experts suggest replication of Telangana startup model. Mera desh badal raha hai monitor par 60 percent tax le raha hai digitalindia. aise taxes ke saath kuch ghanta khareedne ka man karega jeene ka man bhi nahi karega dubegi hi na economy.. Finance ministry task force to identify 100trillion infrastructure projects. Comments invited regarding display of confidential proprietary and personal information by Trade Marks Registry Submit by 30th September:  Department Office of the Controller General Patents Designs and Trademarks Deadline 30th September Notice date 6th September Contact id email id hodel.tmrgov.in and sdojha.tmrnic.in where subject line must be mentioned as suggestion / feedback in regard to display of document at official website. Draft documents [Comments invited regarding display of confidential proprietary and personal information by Trade Marks Registry]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/09/commentsinvitedregardingdisplayofconfidentialproprietaryandpersonalinformationbytrademarksregistry.pdf. Really. Best country in the world. Hum Hain Desh Kay Sipahi Chandryan 2. Rs 100 Lakh Crore Infra Investment Centre Constitutes Task Force To Draw Up National Infrastructure Pipeline. Why Pakistan is Not a Walkover. Indias traffic fines compared with other countries like the US and UK One variable that can be considered is as follows. In Germany if the blood alcohol level is registered at 1.1 mg/ml its a criminal offense and one is taken to court.. LALBAUGHCHA Raja 1934 2019 Lalbaugh Ka Raja Year 1934 2019. Auto industry slowdown: How much of this is due to bad policy and how much of this is due to a rapidly changing industry with the growth of uber and ride sharing apps owning a car is now more of a pain. My parents find it cheaper to call a uber/ola than driving our own car factoring in the stress fuel costs and maintenance costs. Our car is literally sitting in the garage losing money due to depreciation. For decades many of our youth found high paying jobs in the software industry.. but salaries in the industry have hit a plateau and onsite opportunities are on the decline. with this comes lack of disposable income to invest in high end automobiles.. ECONOMYThe 86 Trillion World Economy in One Chart: [deleted]. Union Minister Anurag Thakur Attacks Manmohan Singh P Chidambaram Over Economy. 75 new government medical colleges to be established by 202122. Maharashtra to convert 25 forts into heritage hotels wedding venues. Surats diamond industry loses glitter as slowdown deepens. A Certifiable Dampener The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting wants certification of online viewing content.:  https//i.redd.it/ll9d37u1axk31.png In a press release by the Press Information Bureau on August 31 2019 the Minister of Information and Broadcasting MIB invited suggestions for the certification of online viewing content yes this means Netflix Amazon Prime and many others. This is an issue that has been a part of selfcensorship code discussions and even court litigations which have been dismissed owing to the positive stance taken by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on the matter. Therefore in light of this invitation put out by the MIB we have written a representation with a few suggestions and concerns on establishing methods of certification of online video content 1. Open consultation With no formal communication of a consultation we have requested the Ministry that any consultation to take place be conducted with transparency and open to public feedback. 2. Concerns on the case being subjudice The issue had been previously disposed off by the Delhi High Court in the W.P. C 1164/2018 the reasoning used by the Court has also been basis of dismissal in other cases W.P. C No. 7123/2018. As we mentioned in [our previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/takeitandgo/ the Delhi High Court had reiterated the adequacy of the Information Technology Act 2000 especially in light of the affidavits filed by both the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology. We also mentioned how any change in policy as per the introduction of certification might impact the preexisting stand of government departments in an active litigation. 3. Censorship and effect on Freedom of Speech We have expressed the harmful effect on the freedom of speech and expression innovation and user choice and also referenced our concerns submitted earlier on the Code of Best Practices for Online Curated Content Providers by the Internet and Mobile Association of India. Our continuing concerns are on the resulting largescale censorship that will ensue. This will impact curator and user freedoms creating a similar practice to the current film and television broadcast industry. It is the diversity creativity and artistry portrayed through the online viewing platforms that a growing number of Indians prefer the this booming medium of choice. We continue to suggest that the existing concerns that imply censorship through certification as a solution can be adequately addressed by market based mechanisms and existing penal provisions which are in any instance harsh and contemplate long jail terms on conviction. As always IFF will continue to advocate for the Freedom of Speech and the facility to create artistic and innovative content for curators and also the ability to enjoy the same by enthusiatic users. Links to important documents Representation to the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1fVs1Kq4vZnVV5oMCZbeu3j8jAfPJ877/viewuspsharing Certain that Certification and Censorship needs to Cease [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. The problem with National Register of Citizen is that it left 19 lakh people out and their fate will be decided by the foreigners Tribunal.. Narendra Modi 100 days of Modi 2.0 a month of Parliament scrapping Article 370 Key developments. Government will not allow you to have multiple bank accounts every bank account must be reported.. Highlights on Ravish Kumars speech when receiving the Magsaysay in Manila: Here are the highlights of Ravish Kumars public lecture in Manila the Philippines India has conquered the moon. In this very proud moment I am looking at the moon and at the ground beneath my feet simultaneously. My streets have craters and potholes which outnumber the moon. Across the world democracies on fire in broad daylight are craving the coolness of the moon. But this fire can only by doused with information that is pure and with courage not by mere rhetoric. The more pure our information the deeper the trust within our citizenry. Two months ago I was working on my daily broadcast in my corner office when I received a call on my cell phone. The caller ID flashed an unknown international number from the Philippines. I was certain it was a troll calling. For some reason a lot of my troll calling traffic comes from the Philippines. If they are all indeed living in Philippines then Id like to take this opportunity to welcome them. I am here now. I have received thousands of calls from trolls in my life but never from a woman. I quickly shut off the speaker and put the phone against my ear. In sophisticated English the woman informed me that I won the Ramon Magasaysay Award 2019. Flash forward to when Im here with you. I am not here alone. I have brought the entire world of Hindi journalism practised by Ganesh Shankar Vidyarthi and Peer Munis Mohammad. Coming to the topic of the day. We are living in testing times as journalists and as common citizens. Our citizenship itself is on trial right now and make no mistake about it we need to fight back. We need to rethink our duties and responsibilities as citizens. I believe that in todays times when the attack on our citizenship is allencompassing and the states surveillance apparatus is more overbearing than ever the individuals or groups who are able to withstand this onslaught and emerge stronger from it will be the ones who lay the foundation for a better citizenry and for that matter maybe even better governments in the future. Our world is filled with such determined citizens already who in spite of pervasive hatred and a manufactured information deficit have chosen to fight back and bloom like the cactus flower does in the midst of a barren hopeless desert. Citizenship effectively requires a free flow of verifiable information. The state today has established full control over the media and the corporations. The implication of this control over the media and in turn your information flow is that it limits and narrows the scope of your citizenship. News channel debates take place within a vocabulary of exclusionary nationalism wherein they seek to replace the collective history and memory of the nation with that of the ruling partys in their viewers minds There are only two types of people in this news universe narrative the antinationals and us. Its the classic us and them technique. They tell us that the problem with Antinationals is that they ask questions disagree and dissent. Disagreement is the atma \[spirit soul or essence\] of democracy and citizenship. The democratic atma is under relentless attack every day. When citizenship is under threat or when its very meaning has been altered then what happens to the nature of a citizens journalism There are many countries in the world where this regime which coopts the judiciary too has gained legitimacy amongst people. And yet when we see whats happening in Hong Kong and in Kashmir you realise that people are still out there fighting for their citizenship. The citizens of Hong Kong have challenged the governments effort to render citizenship hollow by refashioning objects of control into devices of liberation. The citizens of Hong Kong were willing and able to extricate themselves from the authoritarian network of information. This tells us that the state has not yet defeated citizenship. Kashmir is another story. An information and communication blackout imposed for several weeks. More than 10 million people cut off from any information trade whatsoever. There was an internet shutdown. Mobiles were rendered useless. It is an unfortunate coincidence that most of Indias neighbours are also its neighbours on the press freedom index. India Pakistan China Sri Lanka Bangladesh Myanmar all fall within 50 ranks of each other right at the bottom of the international press freedom index released by reporters without borders. A few days ago going through my Twitter feed I encountered a notification issued by the Pakistani electronic media regulatory authority which gave clear directions to the countrys news channels on reporting the situation in Kashmir. It was specific to the extent of recommending the use of only black and white colours on TV channel logos on the15th which happens to be Indias Independence Day. I wonder how Pakistani news channels managed to work on the 15th with such a limited colour spectrum since closer home in India I cannot imagine Indian TV channels to run their logos and graphics in less than 10 colours and shapes at any given point in the day. Source [NDTV]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/ndtvravishkumardeliversramonmagsaysayaward2019publiclecturefulltext2096402pfromhomelivetv. Indias economy: [removed]. If a large bank were to fail it could bring down the whole financial sector with it as experienced by Lehman Brothers in 2008 which triggered the global financial crisis.. May the Ambanis be with you Modi Ji.. Can someone give a brief explanation on why our currency is going down : I am 16 and I am really curious on why Rupees is going down Thanks. Goodbye to Rs 5 Trillion Economy Subramanian Swamy on Slowdown The Quint. ..... Central Government announced 22 new AIIMS hospitals in different parts of India. GDP growth at 5 P Chidambaram slams Narendra Modi govt but forgets own uninspiring track record as finance minister Firstpost. Is Indias economy falling Reason: [removed]. Borrowers Rejoice as RBI Signals a fall in Home and Car Loan Rates. India extends 1 billion line of credit for development of Russias Far East. As India celebrates Teachers Day over 2 lakh posts in schools lie vacant. Is Modi managing headlines to escape GDP embarrassment. Beginning of an end. Lets make an effort towards ending water shortages Please support the Cauvery Calling campaign . Why do we have GST and customs duty on semiconductor Wouldnt it be better to get rid of this to help makeinindia : I understand that customs duty is usually applied to protect local companies. But dont have any companies that manufacture semiconductor chips. Most of it is imported. Indians simply do not have the tech to manufacture these nanometer scale chips. And this is going to take a long time to develop this industry here. IMO having this customs duty on these chips is just making electronics manufacturing more and more difficult. For my personal project I had to import every damn chip And had to pay customs duty GST shipping cost. How the hell innovators are going to work in this environment. Cost of prototyping can be half if I were US Especially when you talk about Make\in\India. Arent you supposed to take care of the innovators and startups So I want to know what is the point of having these taxes for semiconductor chips Is there anyone knowledgeable in this topic . Are we still required to link our Aadhaar Cards to our phone numbers. India has moved up 6 places on World Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index with 40th rank in 2017 to 34th in 2019 as per World Economic Forum report.. Cashless Prosperity Will 2019 be Indias Worst Diwali. it applies correctly on our Indian banking system.. US clothing companies push for IndiaUS FTA for greater engagement. LIC loses over Rs 17000 cr in PSBs since Junequarter last year. Amazon India to weed out singleuse plastic packaging by June 2020.. Maruti Suzuki to Shut Down Gurugram and Manesar Plant for 2 Days Amidst Sales Decline. o. Standup Comedy on India Pakistan Kashmir issue filled with satire. Kashmiri student based in Bangalore files petition before the Karnataka HC against communication shutdown: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/qkfwmyh0jik31.png September 04 2019 It has almost been one month since the Central Government imposed a complete communication shutdown in Kashmir on 5 August 2019. While restrictions have been eased in the Jammu region the Kashmir valley continues to remain under clamp down with internet and cellular network services suspended. On 19 August 2019 a young Kashmiri student based in Bangalore moved to the Karnataka High Court to challenge the complete communication blockade as violative of fundamental rights of residents of Kashmir and their loved ones living outside the State. The Petitioner was forced to approach the High Court because he had been unable to establish contact with his family members in Kashmir. He was especially worried because many of his family members suffer from various health problems and due to the communication shutdown and strict curfews it has become difficult to call for help or reach hospitals in time. The Petition argues that the complete communication blockade violates Articles 14 191a and 21 of the Constitution of India and it is incompatible with Indias obligations under international human rights law. Most importantly the Petition highlights that the communication shutdown seems to lack any legal basis because there is no order authorizing the suspension of telecom and internet services which is available in the public domain. As a constitutional democracy what sets India apart is our stated commitment to the rule of law. While imposing such severe and indiscriminate restrictions on an entire community the Government must at the very least act in a transparent manner. Without access to the legal orders it is impossible to know under which law the shutdown has been ordered on what grounds by which government authority for what period of time and whether it has been subjected to any kind of review. There have been three hearings in the case so far on 27 August 30 August and 3 September. The crux of these hearings has been the maintainability of the Petition in light of a similar petition filed by Mr. Tehseen Poonawalla being pending before the Supreme Court. During the hearings the counsel for the Petitioner has clarified that this case is different because the Petitioner is personally affected by the communication shutdown. Further High Courts in India have independent and concurrent powers to protect fundamental rights of individuals within their territorial jurisdiction. To us this is also an access to justice issue because an aggrieved person cannot be compelled to travel all the way to the Supreme Court in Delhi to seek constitutional remedies. Internet Freedom Foundation along with Ms. Maansi Verma assisted in drafting the Writ Petition and provided inputs on strategy and policy. The Petition was filed and argued by Mr. Vishwajith Sadanand and Mr. Ravi Varma Kumar and we deeply appreciate their support. While at the moment IFF does not have the capacity to be a full fledged legal clinic we do take on this role whenever there is a serious violation of rights of internet users in any part of India. This Petition is part of our larger advocacy against internet shutdowns which are a panIndia problem. Internet shutdowns cause great hardships because ordinary people cannot access many government benefits and essential services such as banking without the internet. In todays digitized world the internet cannot be considered a luxury and access to the internet is a fundamental right and any restrictions on it must be subjected to constitutional scrutiny. Important Links 1. Copy of Writ Petition [link]https//drive.google.com/viewerng/viewerurlhttps//www.livelaw.in/pdfupload/pdfupload363995.pdf. LampT Construction awarded contract to build Navi Mumbai International Airport. Brilliant piece hy Satish ascharya. Even Pakistans growth rate is ahead of Indias. Motor Vehicles Amendment Act Comes Into Force Rs 23000 Fine For Delhi Man In Contravention Of New Traffic Rules. I find it sarcastic that our current FM has a PhD in Economics: Isnt it quite sarcastic that our current FM is having a PhD in Economics and still we are plummeting like crazy. OPINION Population Regulation Bill Is Coercive Will Ultimately Lead To SexSelective Abortions. CIDCO to construct over 1 lakh affordable houses under PMAY scheme in Sanpada Navi Mumbai. Reliance Industries Technical Analysis NSE. 10 Things that you should know about Updating Details In Aadhaar Card. Paks lawyer admits Islamabad cant take Kashmir issue to ICJ says it has no proof of genocide. That new Model Tenancy law when do you think is it going to come into effect: [removed]. Voodoo Economics. India First country to use AI/ML in tax assessment. A true Phoenix.. What are the key reasons behind Indias rising electronic exports. Merger of 10 PSU banks unlikely to revive credit flow. Comments invited on Healthcare Service Personnel and Clinical Establishments Prohibition of violence and damage to property Act Bill Submit before 2nd October:  Department Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Deadline 30 days Notice date 2nd September Contact id usmsmohfwnic.in or to Shri. Rajeev Attri Under Secretary Medical Services Division Ministry of Health and Family Welfare Room No. 514B AWing NirmanBhawan New Delhi11001 Draft documents [Healthcare Service Personnel and Clinical Establishments Prohibition of violence and damage to property Bill 2019]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/09/healthcareservicepersonnelandclinicalestablishmentsprohibitionofviolenceanddamagetopropertybill2019.pdf. DBS revises Indias GDP growth to 6.2 for FY20. 2.1 Let us do a countdown till recession hits.. 2018 Corporate Accountability Index Ranking Digital Rights. Growth of core sectors slows down to 2.1 in July against 7.3 last year. Fake 500 rupee notes up 121 in 201819 says RBI. Can someone ELI5 the current state of the economy: I keep hearing things like the economy is going to shit and everything. But Im still pretty confused regarding the economics topic. Does it refer to forex. Opinion A big bank theory that wont suffice. A big bank theory that wont suffice: Opinion A big bank theory that wont suffice https//www.livemint.com/opinion/onlineviews/opinionabigbanktheorythatwontsuffice1567359628301.html. View Why Indias mega bank mergers move may not yield the desired results: Bank mergers View Why Indias mega bank mergers move may not yield the desired results https//m.economictimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/viewwhyindiasmegabankmergersmovecouldbackfire/articleshow/70939201.cms. View Why Indias mega bank mergers move may not yield the desired results: Bank mergers View Why Indias mega bank mergers move may not yield the desired results https//m.economictimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/viewwhyindiasmegabankmergersmovecouldbackfire/articleshow/70939201.cms. View Why Indias mega bank mergers move may not yield the desired results: Bank mergers View Why Indias mega bank mergers move may not yield the desired results https//m.economictimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/viewwhyindiasmegabankmergersmovecouldbackfire/articleshow/70939201.cms. whats up with the economy: [removed]. what do you think guys.. In a country like India where there has been economic liberalization how much is the government responsible for the economic slowdowns: I dont understand economics much but from what I have read our economy was liberalized in 1990s. So I guess there is free market in India which means the economy depends on individuals. So how much is the government responsible for our economic slow down As far as I have read the reason for the economic slowdown has been attributed to the complex GST system the heavy tax rate and demonetization. Exactly how much is the contribution of those to the slow down and how much is it due to nongovernment factors There was an interview a few days ago I guess where someone from the BJP said that the companies shouldnt cry for their papa and take their own responsibilities. Even though I think that statement was irresponsible I wonder exactly how much does government decisions and policies actually contribute to todays condition of the economy Is it like 100 or are there nongovernmental reasons too. Our honble exPM. On 31 August the deadline day a record 4929121 ereturns were filed CBDT. Foreign portfolio investors pulled out a net amount of Rs 5920 crore from the Indian capital markets in August even as government rolled back the socalled superrich tax for foreign and domestic investors last week.:  https//www.bloombergquint.com/markets/fpisnetsellersforsecondstraightmonthpulloutrs5920crinaug. Foreign portfolio investors pulled out a net amount of Rs 5920 crore from the Indian capital markets in August even as government rolled back the socalled superrich tax for foreign and domestic investors last week.:  https//www.bloombergquint.com/markets/fpisnetsellersforsecondstraightmonthpulloutrs5920crinaug. Amazon but not Aarey Mumbai India. Allaround Mismanagement by Modi Government Responsible For Economic Slowdown Manmohan Singh. The gig economy is creating lakhs of jobs but workers dont see a future. At this point the jokes are writing themselves. Amaravati Andhra Pradesh govt to paint panchayat buildings in party colours. The colour scheme of the panchayat buildings is similar to the YSR Congress Partys YSRCP flag colours.. Not real inclusion just a PR gimmick Why many trans employees quit the Kochi Metro. Out of the 43 trans persons who were employed by KMRL as part of their social inclusion initiative only 11 are still working.. Rupee vs Dollar. Rupee vs Dollar: [deleted]. Rupee vs Dollar: [deleted]. Gross Domestic Product. A great article in THE HINDU regarding the slowdown. Will try to summaries in the comments.. Just cant fathom how clueless our FM is. Economic Crisis. Man pushes BMW into river because he wanted a Jaguar. Indias quarterly GDP chart of last 10 years. Cash withdrawals over Rs 1 crore to attract 2 TDS from September 1 Tax department. Why RBI Act needs changes to settle the reserves transfer debate. 2018 Argentine monetary crisis. West Bengal assembly passes bill against lynching.. India needs economic growth of about 8 to provide jobs for the millions of people who enter its workforce every year WSJ. India needs economic growth of about 8 to provide jobs for the millions of people who enter its workforce every year WSJ: [removed]. Nirmala Sitharaman announces major bank merger 27 PSBs will now become 12. Indias economic growth seen slipping in AprilJune more stimulus expected. Modi calls highway construction financially unviable. Light House Project challenge to speed construction of buildings in India. GDP growth at 5 in Q1 more rate cuts from RBI likely Firstquarter GDP growth way below analysts expectations of 5.7. Indias GDP slows down to 5 and pakistanis have started to rejoice and troll us Its like a guy riding a decayed bullock cart on highway starts to laugh after knowing that a guy in latest model Ferrari who is miles ahead of him and riding at top speed has just shifted a gear down.: [removed]. SLOWDOWN Gets Real GDP data Indias GDP growth slows to 5 in AprilJune 2019. The iPhones Make in India story. Q1 GDP growth can slip below the 5.8 per cent mark. PM Modis 5 trillion GDP goal hits a hurdle Debt at road builder NHAI. Two Ideas 1 Neutrality Index NI an Indicator for News Houses amp 2 Blockchain Voting System A Protocol to Ensure Tamperproof Voting: Neutrality Index NI We have always heard of TV channels getting TRPs. In general the more the TRP the better. But why should we have TRPs for news channels Is including a TRP index for news channels or houses justifiable A news houses objective is to host a platform for unbiased news not to gather view count. Why not leave TRPs for entertainment channels Why cant we have a separate index for news and similar mediums Neutrality Index Having a Neutrality Index NI could significantly help stop the propagation of biased selective news. However the very first step in doing so is by taking TRP ratings off these news channels. Today the essential core objective of most Indian news houses is NOT to show news but its rather to show propaganda and that can be clearly seen by the pressure of the ruling government. NI is a way to break that link. With NI the news house is bound by a constraint and that is to keep up with its neutrality. How will NI be calculated We very well know that in our country voting has become more or less of a joke. That said using a voting system is probably not the right choice. Let me suggest having an independent body that has absolutely no relation or inclination with politics. What can be one Maybe an internationally wellknown agency that has been doing such work for several decades. Maybe something else This is still a work in progress. Blockchain Voting System A Protocol to Ensure Tamperproof Voting On a side note I would also love to hear your thoughts on how can we tackle the problem of EVM and vote manipulation in the country Weve seen it happen in India and recently in the US too. So it is very well possible and in no way can we dismiss the fact that vote manipulation did happen in the last general election. Problem EVM vote manipulation and repeated voting for the same person A possible way to tackle it Blockchain. In simple terms a blockchain is a kind of data structure kind of a tree that is made up of blocks duh and uses a hash function to ensure the integrity of the entire blockchain. In other words it cannot be tampered with. If tampered all the next blocks will carry the footprint of the block where the tampering originated. We can use a blockchain voting system paired with a unique identifier for each individual voter Aadhar for instance. A receipt of the vote will be directly sent to the voter on phone printed etc. and the voter can rest assured that nobody will be able to tamper with it. I wont go into the entire systems design but the system is highly scalable and efficient. Guess what there are multiple blockchain projects for implementing such a system already on github repository for hosting IT projects and West Virginia is already in the plans to adopt it. Thoughts Comments Suggestions Criticism is most welcome.. The total income of the RBI leapt to a fiveyear high of Rs 193036 crore as compared with Rs 78281 crore in the previous year a rise of nearly 147 per cent.. The Antipoor Antistudent Bill that Legalizes Quackery and Reduces clinical skills of doctors if that were possible.: TLDR people just glance through the headings and the bold font. Please DO read those it is a very important matter. Between Teen Talak Chandrayan nationwide floods Article 370 and Economic crash most of you must not have noticed the National Medical Commission Bill NMC that was sneaked into the parliament and passed in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha recently. This bill that shakes the healthcare system of the country to the core and not in a good way was vehemently opposed by doctors all over India by black bands marches burning copies of the bill and when all else failed even strikes. Many even got arrested during the protests. Yet it never even made it to the National news. And the bill passed with barely any opposition. So what is it why doctors are protesting it and is it really that bad Let me save you a lot of time YES But that is my opinion. Please feel free to form your own opinion. I am attaching a copy of the bill so you can read it yourself if you want [http//164.100.47.4/BillsTexts/LSBillTexts/Asintroduced/185\2019\LS\Eng.pdf]http//164.100.47.4/BillsTexts/LSBillTexts/Asintroduced/1852019LSEng.pdf Here are some of the points in the bill that I found very disturbing. Legalization of quackery First please understand that under the current system students after clearing 2 medical undergo MBBS entrance exams through NEET. After clearing one of the most rigorous competitive exams in existence they study under gruelling circumstances in govt colleges and a handful of private colleges for 4.5 years. The exams every year and after passing Final year MBBS they have to do one more year of very hard training internship. After that they have to pass yet another exam called the NEET PG entrance exam to even be able to practice as an MBBS doctor. Also note that India has a massive shortage of doctors. According to WHO the doctor patient ratio needs to be 11000. Note that WHO specifies this for government Allopathic doctors. In India this ratio of government allopathic doctors is 110189. Which means that there is a massive shortage of doctors amost 6 lakh doctors in the country. This shortage is found in both urban and rural areas though the shortage in rural areas is more severe. However the urban areas are not doing that good either. This is especially when the entire rural population is also seeking healthcare in the urban areas due to lack of basic facilities and infrastructure in the rural areas. These deficiencies would not allow for much healthcare provision even if doctors were there. Also note that according to WHO standards India lacks 2 million nurses as well. WHO has issued warnings to India regarding its dire state of healthcare and the crisis faced by the people. So the brilliant massive sarcasm solution is this NMC bill was Community Healthcare Providers. We already have a similar system of ANMs that kind of fit the description so why is this a problem. The problem lies in the language of the bill which is very vague. It states that Any person connected to the allopathic heathcare system can provide primary and preventive healthcare for a limited period of time after a 6 month training program. They can work without supervision here. However under secondary and tertiary hospitals they will have to work under doctors suprvision. Look at the statements in quotes. What does any person connected to allopathic healthcare mean Can an ambulance driver get this accredition Can a ward boy get it The bill makes no specification. It does not specify the minimum qualification needed for the course. I could be wrong but I did not find any description. It does not state any experience required or previous job status nothing. next it talks about a 6month training program. Again training for what What courses will be included What these people will be trained in. How they will be trained. Nothing is specified. Next it talks about providing primary healthcare. From what I understand. Primary healthcare means the treatment one gets at the first point of contact with the healthcare system. Generally In sane countries where stuff like peoples health is important this means a contact with GP a general practitioner or physician that can provide basic treatment for basic things. But In a country like India where Superpeciality Hospitals are the first point of contact for people the lines between primary and tertiary level healthcare are blurred. The bill does not define what Primary and Preventive medicine mean. It is not understood or implied because as I said anything can be considered primary when given at first point of contact with healthcare. So what treatment can the Community healthcare providers provide Can they write cardio medications Can they write pediatric medications Note that even MBBS students cannot write super specialty treatments or even a head CT to look for brain problems unless under supervision. Even PG students 3 more years after MBBS and internship which makes them a specialist cannot fiddle with other departments treatment. And for good reason the medication and treatment is way more complicated than making a Chandrayan rocket. SO can these people write that Can they perform operations which MBBS students cannot do unsupervised Even PG and beyond need supervision. Doctors are strictly regulated when it comes to ultrasound to prevent sex determination and female feticides. I am not trying to open a debate about whether that is good or bad. Doctors please focus on the issue at hand What is the guarantee that these people will not just determine the sex Again these people are supposed to be practicing in rural areas. There is no mechanism to make sure that they will actually practice in rural areas and not just peddle pills in urban areas. Also while doctors are bound to write generics and singledose combinations there are zero regulations in place for these Community Healthcare providers. CHP How is this in line with the intention to decrease unregulated indiscriminate use of drugs Also how much time is limited period of time 3 months 1 year 10 years. 100 years Nothing is specified. Even doctors have to renew their registration every 3 years. Already people illegally practice allopathy and kill so many people and give them lifelong problems. The govt has claimed to stop all quackery with this bill. Well yeah this is one way of doing it. Legalize quackery so there wont be any quacks left. Note that the reports of how well these CHPs do are mostly selfreported and up to now have been for things like uncomplicated delivery and diarrhea. If you talk to doctors they will tell you that in uncomplicated deliveries which form a large chunk of the deliveries you have to just catch the baby. The baby and the mother do all the hard work for you. In many cases of bleeding a simple massage can help stop it. So that is not a very complicated thing to be entrusting to the community. However comparing that to all primary healthcare is very wrong. Now note that doctors are not opposed to the idea of community health practitioners in principle. Like I said ANMs already exist. However how the system is set up and managed is the issue. Something more sensible would be welcome. For example. 6month training program for a nurse with more than 7 years work experience in an MCI approved medical college/hospital specifically to help prevent Acute Encephalitis Syndrome and provide aftercare once the kid has been discharged from the medical college. The appointment should be for 3 years pending renewal and the power to practise should be void outside the specified areas. Add to that some basic management like ORS for diarrhoea basic hygiene education womens health education checking BP temperature or changing dressings etc which nurses already do in most hospitals. However management should be according to doctors prescription and on any changes immediate referral and contact with the doctor. I dont think many doctors would be opposed to that form of a system. However this vague wildfire like scenario is extremely scary. Regarding no supervision \ why would anyone want to work under supervision when they can work unregulated alone This will take away nurses etc from the hospitals. As I already mentioned that there is a massive shortage of them the conditions in hospitals will become even worse as more and more of the nurses and other professionals or nonprofessionals set out to practice legalized quackery. This system should be started after ensuring an increase in the existing personnel not just redirecting them. If you want more rural practitioners research has shown that the best way is to make the system more inclusive of people born and brought up in rural areas. The medical profession in India is barely in the reach of urban lower middleclass families. Rural population cal only dream of becoming doctors here in such an exclusive system. But more on that later. Also for the people who cite WHO recommendation for CHP Note that WHO stated this for very poor countries that cannot train doctors due to complete lack of funds or war etc. They also stated that this is highly dependent on the kind of training received by the workers and care should be taken to ensure proper training for the work. Many countries much much poorer than India have managed a much better healthcare system without the use of these things. In India the 7th largest economy set to be a 5 trillion dollar economy ahem ahem what sense does it make to adopt measures for very poor and wartorn countries when we can afford better systems. The only sense I can make of it is that it will allow the govt to artificially inflate the numbers on the paper and say that they doubled or trebled the number of allopathic healthcare providers without having lift a finger. The situation on the ground will not change and might even become worse. ampx200B 2. The Bridge Course The notorious bridge course is back. This allows AYUSH practitioners to practice allopathy after a 6month bridge course. This is also ridiculous. Note that Ayurveda Unani Siddhi and Homeopathy are very different from allopathy. 6 months is not sufficient to learn the materials MBBS doctors find it hard to grasp in 58 years. It is hard and a lot of clinical time is required to gain the skills yes even the meager skills of the doctors these days. That cannot happen in 6 months. This would be like asking a history PhD to build a nuclear reactor. History professor may have a PhD but it is not in physics. similarly AYUSH is not the same as allopathy. Just as I would not want allopathy people practicing AYUSH. Now I am not saying Ayurveda is not helpful or good. It is and should be allowed to flourish and thrive dont get me started on homeopathy. I feel and this is my personal opinion it is absolute garbage. But to each their own. However I do believe that these practices should be kept separate and should not be allowed to mix. AYUSH practitioners practicing allopathy performing unauthorized surgeries and even running ICUs is a big reason for the poor healthcare especially critical healthcare in the country. While we should be investing in training Trauma surgeons intensivists for better emergency management and taking of the massive work burden off of the specialists so they can focus on OPDs we are legalizing quackery. Training paramedics and issuing proper wellequipped ambulances would be a much better use of resources help massively in cutting down the number of deaths and even stimulate the automobile industry. But no. If we really wanted to eliminate quackery we would have one national database for registration of doctors. The doctors name place of work and registration number would be available for people to see. Anyone could type that in and check whether the doctor is an actual licensd practitioner or not. Would not be that hard. However as was said in the Parliamentary discussion The content of the bill is directly opposed to the stated intent of the bill. 3. The Very Misunderstood NEXT exam. A lot of people think that NEXT exam is a good thing and will improve the clinical skills of doctors because that is what the AntiHealth Minister Harshvardhan Sinha stated. However this is a pure recipe to destroy all clinical skills in medicine for good Understad that currently every single yearly exam for MBBS 1st prof 2nd prof 3rd prof and 4th prof is conducted by the university. The exams consist of theory regarding mostly the most common diseases found practicals and clinical case discussion. Note that the object of the exam is to reject people unworthy of practicing medicine I am obviously not including the donation and capitation seats and the completely useless medical colleges On the other hand NEET PG entrance asks about questions that have very less clinical value and often about stuff that is rare and theoretical. The object is to rank students and select a handful out of thousands for future courses. Success is largely dependent on ones ability to take coaching and capacity to memorize MCQs. NEXT proposes to merge the two. These two exams are polar opposites of each other. One cannot satisfy both criteria. Now if one says that NEXT will have clinical exams. Then that poses a massive problem for PG entrance. First it is nearly impossible to conduct clinical exams at such a massive scale at the same time. Next clinical exams are subjective. This subjectivity poses massive problems for PG competition entrance which should be objective especially when there can be as many as 200 candidates at the difference of a fraction of a mark in the exam. Note that practical examiners are prone to biases and generally being one of the minorities women people from lower socioeconomic status religion or someone not liking your face can cause you to fail because of their discrimination. Universities tend to protect agaist this to some degree. However without any university to intervene scandals in exams will become even more rampant than NEET. Note that this exam will be necessary to gain your degree. If an MBBS student fails this exam they will be equivalent to 2. The bill makes no mention of how many attempts candidates get for this exam. By the looks of it students can take this only once. Chances of failing are very high the first time especially when the exam is designed to reject the majority of the people. This will destroy the careers of students for good. This is devastating when you consider the amount of time and money spent by students for MBBS. Many students have taken loans. This makes no sense when the difficulty of the exam has nothing to do with what actually it takes to become a good doctor. Meanwhile nurses ward boys and AYush are having a gala time. Note the level of difficulty for MBBS doctors who actually study the required subjects and the ease with which nonMBBS people will have in order to practice the same management. On the other hand if one says that there will be no clinical exam then this will decimate the clinical skills of doctors completely. Already MBBS students are found more in the coaching classes than with patients. Why would anyone go to clinics Moreover note that the final year MBBS has 67 subjects. While PG entrance has 19 subjects. If one says that only final year MBBS subjects will come in the exam then how does one justify admission into nonfinal year subjects MBBS teaches stuff like microbiology in 2nd year. However PG is gained in microbiology only after clearing PG entrance. Also an overall knowledge of all subjects is required to become a good doctor Preclinical knowledge non final year subjects is as important as clinical. This was precisely why just 34 years ago the govt has made it compulsory to pass gain at least 50 percentile in te PG entrance exam to even practice as an MBBS doctor. I am not here to debate how NEET is not Clean focus doctors focus. To take admission in an engineering college one must have studied maths in 2. One doe not get admission based on class 9th marks of maths while they have studied History and arts in 2. Then why is PG entrance allowing for this On the other hand final year degree examination similar to 10th exam or passing 2 which can be done in any subject comprises of only final year subjects. So if one follows the PG entrance pattern how does one justify making someone study ALL the subjects The cherry on the cake is that all this has been done without standardizing the medical syllabus. So different universities have variations in what they teach. This is what allows some universities to be awesome like AIIMS and PGI or even the whole state of Tamil Nadus awesome colleges. But it also allows some colleges to be absolute garbage. However since the universities have their own exams the students have to qualify them based on what they learned. If one wants to conduct one exam it is imperative that the syllabus and the books be standardized. Else it will not be fair. It would be like studying the table of 2 and being asked about the constitution of India. It makes no sense. This will promote coaching culture. Coaching is the termite that has hollowed out the medical system in India. IMO this poison should be exterminated for good. However this bill gives it more power. Already if one has not taken coaching in a metropolitan or sub metropolitan city cannot afford coaching or is rejected by coaching institutes or cannot access them they have very low chances of getting into MBBS or PG entrance unless you ave backchannels through dalals. But most of them work through coaching institutes anyway. Now these students will not even be able to gain a degree. They will not be able to practice even as MBBS doctors. All the while CHP can practice medicine after a 6month course If your intent is to increase the doctorpatient ratio how does this make any sense 4. Reservation for the rich ote that Medical colleges both for MBBS and PG have regulated and unregulated seats. Regulated seats are where the fees is regulated by the government. They are affordable for even lower middle income groups. The unregulated seats charge amounts that only the very rich can afford no even upper middle class cannot usually afford it The Anti health minister claimed that the NMC bill will regulate 50 seats. Sounds great. But it isnt. When you look at the current system the central government and the state governments together regulate 7585 of the seats. This is a net drop from 85 to 50 in the affordable regulated seats. The increase in unregulated seats has been called reservation for the rich as universities decrease the minimum marks required for admission to accommodate students that pay more at the expense of more deserving candidates. Medical education is slowly becoming less and less accessible to the common man. Note that the less the access of medical education to the common man the less is the access of healthcare to the common man. This is obviously to put more money in the pockets of the politicians and their cronies that own so many medical colleges across the country. 5. National Medical Omission Bill Note that until now there is a set method of maintaining medical colleges. There are strict requirements to open a medical college maintain one keep one open to increase the available seats for students etc. It makes sense because medical colleges treat people and train future doctors. It is imperative they have proper requirements to do so. For eg one cannot become a surgeon is there is not an operation theatre or enough tables in the operating theatre for students to learn on. Until now this regulation was done by the MCI or the medical council of India. Yes the same one. However recently MCU has been closing down many medical colleges across the country even government colleges as the government has not provided appropriate funds to maintain the infrastructure. I am not even going to start with private medical colleges not talking about the few awesome ones While the govt likes to brag about creation of new seats in medical colleges they conveniently forget the seats lost due to lack of upkeep of existing medical colleges. Just last year about 2000 seats were created and about 3000 seats were lost. There was a net loss of about 1000 medical seats. But instead of spending money on the colleges the govt decided to eliminate the body that shut down incompetent medical colleges. Now the colleges do not need to be inspected. Inspection is optional and can be done after 4 years of the opening of medical college \ at the time the first medical batch passes. What is to stop you or me from opening a Trump University like medical college charge lakhs of rupees per student per year and then close the college after 3 years and then open another one Absolutely nothing. This will destroy the careers of thousands of students per year. This will destroy their homes and lives remember how much money these colleges will charge. Students will pay the fees join coaching and study and due to no fault of them they will be left with no degree. Just like with generics for medical colleges there will be no pragmatic way to tell reliable and unreliable ones apart except for a few ones. This is legalized conmaship. 420si Not to mention the money laundering hubs these paces will become. Note that the old MCI head was in trouble for taking money to allow some subpar medical colleges to function. So the solution is to remove ALL regulation from ALL medical colleges. What a cognitive dissonance sir jee. This truly is the National Medical Omission Bill. 6. No more AIIMS PGI Welltechncally they will still exist. You must know that AIIMS PGI JIPMER like institutes enjoy a fairly autonomous status and the government is not able to interfere in their working by and large. Correct me if I am wrong but NMC bill removes this autonomous status. This autonomous status plays a great part in making these colleges hubs of learning and research incredible studies and institutes of excellence. This will be a massive blow to their functioning and will reflect in the quality of their care and research. I have no explanation as to why the govt would want to do this. Another point is that these institutes have PG exams twice a year. However under NEXT that will be reduced to once a year. This will cause droppers to lose an entire year instead of months. 7. Replacing MCI with worse. So we have all heard about the corruption stories of MCI. No one is defending the MCI here. However this bill does away with the MCI and replaces it with the national Medical commission. This will consist of all government appointees so they will be pretty much like Niti Ayog. What is amazing is that the medical community gets nearly no representation in the NMC. Ask yourselves about how much you know about the medical system and how it works nonmedicos obviously. That is exactly how much these people will know. And they are supposed to make decisions about medical education and healthcare. Imagine handing plutonium to a monkey. That would be safer. Now there has been many proposals to fix the MCI problem. I liked the one where MCI would be elected and the members would be on partial terms like Rajya Sabha. Their functions would be the same as the old MCI. To control the corruption one could have ahd oversight by a National Health Comittee with represenation of govt and medical communty Kind of how it works in Germany. This may not be the best solution but this is one of the scores of solution sthat were better than the NMC. The state of economy that we see today will be the state of healthcare very soon because it will be managed by similar people. ampx200B 8. Barely any State Representation The NMC has a structure where states get rotational representattion. Which means a state especially smaller stated that need more representation will get a chance to be on the committee after as much as 12 years After slight dissent from the non opposition this rotation was changed so that states could get representation a little sooner However even that is pretty vague. So obviouly state interests are not protected. ampx200B 9. Too much power The NMC has too much power. Even MCI inspected the colleges and provided guidelines over the medical syllabus it did not fix fees decide new branches unilaterally or have complete control over exams. NMC has all that and more. The definition of the powers and purpose is so vague that it is meaningless. They could do anything and it would be binding. Moreover the decision of the center in all matters is final. so the center could issue a fatwah on anything in complete opposition of the opinion of the entire medical community all the states all professions involved like this bill and everyone will have to follow it no matter how senseless or harmful. This is total dictatorship and seeing the past few decisions regarding healthcare will be devastating ampx200B These are just some of the most important problems I saw at first glance. As I learn more about this. I will keep you posted. I thought everyone should know about these problems as each of these directly affects your healthcare. The politician will fly to USA at taxpayer money for their treatment. We will have to suffer the consequences. If you are outraged by this please spread the word. Contact the media and ask them to cover this. A few emails are [ravishndtv.com]mailtoravishndtv.com [editornews18.com]mailtoeditornews18.com contactrepublicworld.com infotimesnow.tv [rajdeepsardesai52gmail.com]https//mail.google.com/mail/u/0/viewcmampfs1amptorajdeepsardesai52gmail.com These are the ones I know of. Please contact as many media sources as you can. And share them here. I shall update the post. or write an email to the PMO tweet at Harshvardhan / PMO or just irritate your representative till the goats come home. Most importantly inform as many people as you can about this. This is our fight.. Exclusive India to woo foreign firms like Apple to capitalise on USChina trade war. Counterfeit of new 500 notes increased by 121 in FY19 RBI. Economy PM Modi 9 Quint Hindi. The Freedom Index. Greener the colour more democratic and free the country is. India is a flawed democracy.. Indias economic crisis has only one root cause. This right here is one of the reasons I am proud of this country. The Freedom index ranging from Greenest being the most free and Reddest being the least. We are like an oasis in a desert. Let this not be subverted by the anti democratic elements.. NAFED to commit Rs 5000 cr for procuring over 50 of apple produce JampK Governer. Comments invited on NITI Aayogs Model Agreement for Engineering Procurement and Construction EPC of Civil Works Submit before 9th September:  Department NITI Aayog Deadline 9th September 2019 Contact id Mr. R. K. Bhatheja Economic Officer PPPAU on the email rk.bhathejanic.in Draft document [Model Agreement for Engineering Procurement and Construction EPC of Civil Works]https//ourgovdotin.files.wordpress.com/2019/08/modelagreementforengineeringprocurementandconstructionepcofcivilworks.pdf. Comments invited on Draft Environmental and Social Management Framework Submit by October 2019. Comments invited on Draft National Resource Efficiency Policy 2019 Submit by 24th September:  Department Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change MoEFCC Deadline 24th September [Notice]https//www.pib.gov.in/PressReleasePage.aspxPRID1583056 Contact id bhawna.singhgov.in [kaushik.rishinic.in]mailtokaushik.rishinic.in. Madras High Court pulls up Tamil Nadu Govt over helmet rule implementation Best Lawyers 9994287060. Gold price rise above Rs 40000 per 10 gram Heres how interest rate rupee impact the value of gold in India. Indias Spending Spree Slows as Debt Problems Become More Widespread. Cabinet clears 100 FDI in contract manufacturing coal mining. Comments invited on Model Framework for Guidelines on eCommerce for consumer protection Submit by 16th September: Department of Consumer Affairs has released the draft of E\Commerce Guidelines for Consumer Protection 2019 for consultation. Send your comments to [dscpucanic.in]mailtodscpucanic.in by 16th September 2019 [https//consumeraffairs.nic.in/sites/default/files/fileuploads/latestnews/Guidelines20on20eCommerce.pdf]https//consumeraffairs.nic.in/sites/default/files/fileuploads/latestnews/Guidelines20on20eCommerce.pdf. After Telangana Andhra Pradesh opens up on recession heat officials reveal falling figures. Explain delay in appointing Lokayukta Telangana HC raps state govt. A petition had pointed out that thousands of cases were pending with the Lokayukta and the State Human Rights Commission.. At current rates Bangladesh could top Indias per capita income by 2020 Also over the past 3 years GDP in dollar terms has grown 12.9 more than twice our rate May 28 2018. I fear that a recession may start by the end of 2020 Karvy Stock Broking CEO. Ministry invites suggestions for formulation of Rules amp Regulations under Consumer Protection Act 2019 Submit inputs 15th September:  Department Ministry of Consumer Affairs Food amp Public Distribution Deadline 15th September 2019 Contact id Shri Avinash K Srivastava Secretary Consumer Affairs secycanic.in. HUL reduces Lifebuoy Lux prices in latest sign of weak demand. Companies in Bengalurus Peenya industrial area slash jobs to cope with slowdown. Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers: Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers https//www.theguardian.com/world/2019/aug/28/indiaopioidsaddictionusdrugmakerspushpainkillersCMPShareAndroidAppPostonReddit. Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers: Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers https//www.theguardian.com/world/2019/aug/28/indiaopioidsaddictionusdrugmakerspushpainkillersCMPShareAndroidAppPostonReddit. Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers: Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers https//www.theguardian.com/world/2019/aug/28/indiaopioidsaddictionusdrugmakerspushpainkillersCMPShareAndroidAppPostonReddit. Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers: Opioids addiction rising in India as US drugmakers push painkillers https//www.theguardian.com/world/2019/aug/28/indiaopioidsaddictionusdrugmakerspushpainkillersCMPShareAndroidAppPostonReddit. Ecommerce guidelines to be mandatory under consumer protection law Paswan. Assam Citizen List Excluded People Spent Rs 7836 Cr On Hearings Report. Cooking with gas not wood. Reserve Bank Of India. RBI. Child Wellbeing Index 2019 Kerala Tamil Nadu and Himachal at the Top. Revive the animal spirits investment will follow. Explainer Why the RBI approved a record Rs 1.76 trillion transfer to the Modi government. Kerala TN Himachal tops Indias child wellbeing index says report. An Open Letter to the Finance Minister of India: [removed]. https//www.nairventures.com/post/anopenlettertothefinanceministerofindia: [removed]. IIT Bombay graduate takes up Railway Group D service for job safety. What exactly went wrong with Indian economy under modi : Most common things that I have heard are 1 demonetization caused some irreversible damage about 2 years ago. 2 GST implementation was horrible. or taxes are too high. 3 privatization/ selling assets of BSNL air india etc. I dont think anyone says this is one of the reasons but just throwing it out there anyway ampx200B What else did they screw up in terms of budget / policy Can someone knowledgeable about this topic shed some light PS I am not an expert. You can figure that out from the question itself Just trying to understand.. Indias GDP growth figures are hard to trust Nikkei Asian Review. 7th Pay Commission Update Good News for Pensioners Centre is Making Change in Pension Payment System Know What. Comments invited on Draft Employees Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Amendment Bill2019 Submit by 22nd September: [removed]. Nine ways to boost Indian Economy. Why does RSS want to ban Chinese companies only : It has come to light that a [RSS supported group Swadeshi Jagran Manch is opposing Chinese companies]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/swadeshijagranmanchsjmwritestopmnarendramodiwantsboycottofchinesecompanies2089249 for possible surveillance. My question is why not ban all surveillance companies including [Microsoft the worst of them all]https//www.bsi.bund.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/DE/BSI/CyberSicherheit/SiSyPHus/Workpackage4Telemetry.html Why allow [Five Eyes]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FiveEyes surveillance programs in India including [NSA/CSS PRISM]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PRISMsurveillanceprogram while banning Chinese companies for possible surveillance . RBI Surplus. Andhra Pradesh pulls Odisha students with books cash benefit. Kerala man held for suspected terror links let off after 24 hours Report. International Monetary Fund Raises Red Flags Over Indias Delay In Release of Financial Data. Top 3 things to know about GST Registration: How must one enroll in GST A GST gateway has been made for citizens therefore every single existing citizen will be moved to GST. Because of which there will be no paperbased enlistment or enrollement. Enlistment is free and the entire procedure can be accessed on the following link [https//vakilsearch.com/advice/gstenrollment/]https//vakilsearch.com/advice/gstenrollment/. What to do in case of a forgotten password Tapping on the Forgot password connection will give you an OTP which will be sent to your enrolled email address and telephone number. Use it to reset your secret word. In the event that you dont get your OTP on schedule hit resend and you can get it once more. It would be ideal if you note that the OTP you get is substantial for 10 minutes. How mandatory is Aadhar number While it is discretionary to make reference to your Aadhar number however on the off chance that you need to utilize your esign it is basic to fill in your Aadhar number. Can an enrolment application be rejected Truly it can dismissed in the event that subtleties submitted are not paired with what exists on specific reports. In such circumstances the citizen or the taxpayer will be given a decent opportunity to clarify his/her spot. To know more about [GST Registration and migration]https//vakilsearch.com/advice/faqsgstregistration/.. Cookie demand grows while biscuit sales slow. Time to strike the gavel. English Speaking Course for Beginners Hindi to English 100 Guaranteed. McDonalds faces boycott threats in India for serving halal meat:  [McDonalds faces boycott threats in India for serving halal meat]https//www.aljazeera.com/news/2019/08/mcdonaldfacesboycottthreatsindiaservinghalalmeat190826083241873.html My jaw dropped and hit the floor after reading this news. Another part that dropped my jaw gt ...I am more concerned about the processing it goes through the packaging the amount of nutrition and carcinogens it contains said.... . All villages will be linked with WiFi through GramNet by 2nd October 2019 with speed up to 100mbps. Acche Din.: [https//www.livemint.com/industry/banking/rbitotransferrs176lakhcroretogovernment1566830312844.html]https//www.livemint.com/industry/banking/rbitotransferrs176lakhcroretogovernment1566830312844.html. RBI to transfer Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the government as surplus reserves: [removed]. Here are some numbers to prove that the Indian economy is losing steam. RBI Board Approves Rs 1.76 Lakh Crore Transfer to Govt. JampK authorities rubbish reports of drug shortage in Kashmir claims valley has ample stock. Good news for young startups as India eases scrutiny on angel investment. The poor who most need insurance are least likely to have it Under cover. Sensex Surges Over 800 Points After Government Takes Steps To Spur Growth. India exempts startups from longstanding angel tax TechCrunch. What is your view about the current economic situation in India What is real : Is it goodaccording to government or badaccording to the opposition . For India Incs Sob Story Sitharaman Has a Sop Story. But Will It Help. Below the line. I dont know what to say.. Market Live Sensex recovers Nifty around 10800 amid global fall. Rupee Slips By 42 Paise To 72.08 Against Dollar. 9 steps to protect your finances against recession in the economy. Manmohan Singhs Top Security SPG Cover Withdrawn Given CRPF Security. Press freedom across the whole world Reporters without borders 2019. Is 5 Bollywood Remakes To Look Forward To The Most Trending Thing Now. Trade and Economy in Focus as G7 Leaders Get Down to Work. JKCCS 540 page report on use of torture in Kashmir.. Economic Measures Stumble Acknowledge Rollback. PrivacySupreme Two years of the Right to Privacy.: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/yl9n5sxxoci31.png Today marks the second year anniversary of a momentous day in constitutional history in the digital day and age. On August 24 2017 the Right to Privacy was identified as a fundamental right under the Constitution of India by a nine judge bench of the Supreme Court. The declaration of privacy as a right has had manifold impact not only affecting direct issues of data protection but even larger areas of mass surveillance and personal aspect such as the right to ones own sexuality. The Right to Privacy is very close to our hearts it has been one of IFFs core issues and we have consistently been working to ensure the same for citizens of India. Our fight for privacy has persisted since the introduction of the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill 2018 with submissions to public consultations RTIs requesting transparency and disclosure advocating for privacy through intrusive government schemes such as CCTVs and facial recognition systems and most recently the tabling of the Personal Data and Information Privacy Code 2019 in the Lok Sabha aided by the wonderful Dr. Ravi Kumar Lok Sabha MP from Tamil Nadu. This is only the beginning. We will work with all institutions of governance and also continue to challenge them to do better to continue to work towards ensuring an individuals right to privacy is put first and foremost. In light of this journey as country IFF due to the partnership and support of Mozilla will celebrate today with an event that will feature talks and a conversation with Justice B.N. Srikrishna. This will be to the benefit to a cross section of stakeholders and we hope bring varied perspectives such as on gender and criminal justice that are an integral parcel of privacy right. Since seating and space has been limited we are video recording this event and will post it online soon. We are also encouraging a wider community today to mark celebrate on what privacy means to them by posting on social media. We have created a document with a few tweets on privacy [at this link]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1D3rtpwNUPJq0cCBJtjKmofISHEIRn3fiQtAvBfU/edituspsharing for you tweet out personally. If you feel like it please do consider tagging it with PrivacySupreme. Thank you If you support the Right to Privacy help us support you. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. I think Im doing a lot more to revive our economy than our government ParleBachao. From colonial era to todays India a visual history of national security laws used to crush dissent. Piyush Goyal says job losses is a good sign for economy heres a reality check. Improving Conditions for Children in India. Question why not India take advantage of usachina trade war: So just now Trump tweeted to urge all American companies to find alternative to China. Why cant we be the alternative we have cheap labour plus a lot of labour. This trade war has been going on for some time so why government isnt doing anything to attract the companies to shift their manufacturing base in India. Is Indian economy really screwed How bad Any way it could be improved: [removed]. India is facing a structural slowdown says adviser to PM calls for national growth strategy. Indian Government Announces Steps to Boost Economy. Nothing to see here just another bhakt trying to justify Auto sector crisis.. Jobs Crisis Government Needs to Wake up and Smell the Masala Tea. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman On State Of Economy Live Updates. Govt considers exempting foreign investors from superrich tax Report. Live FM Announces FPI Surcharge Withdrawal Provides Angel Tax Relief. P Chidambarams Arrest A Diversion From Crumbling Economy Ashok Gehlot. Ache din. Parle MAY lay off 10000 employees amidst economic slowdown. Capacity building for sustainable food value chain gets Centres push. Parle laid off 10000 employees amidst economic slowdown so I redesigned their logo. Reason for economic problems: Im curious about the reasons for the current economic downturn. Whenever I hear about this all the conversations are politically motivated with it being used as a reason to blame the current government. But I have no idea whats actually causing the problems. Is it because of a policy failure or is it due to other factors Whats causing the problems. Indian rupee Rupee weakens to 72 against US dollar for first time in 2019. Niti Aayog chief rings the alarm bell calls for unprecedented steps Business News The Indian Express. Amaravati may lose status of Andhra Pradesh capital due to funds crunch. How worried should we be about Indias population explosion. Ambedkars contribution to womens rights in India. Ground Report Why Most Kashmiri Children Are Keeping Off School. Why CEA Subramanian says private sectors Papa Bachalo mindset must change. Economic Slowdown. Finally A politician from Congress ready for introspection within Congress.. Southern Railway decides to suspend onboard housekeeping services on 86 longdistance trains. Attorney General KK Venugopal Wants Govt. To Link Social Media Accounts To Aadhaar For Lamest Reasons Possible. KCR stresses on need for a national power policy. Whats floccinaucinihilipilification Ask the Reserve Bank of India. UP Scholarship Online Form 2019 UP Scholarship Apply Now Process and Important Steps For 2019. Indias economic policies [A long but good talk]. GDP Data subject to floccinaucinihilipilification RBI Monetary Policy Committee MPC Member Chetan Ghare. White Paper on Industries in Andhra Pradesh 21082019. Explained Why is age of marriage different for men and women The law the debate. Data on demonetisations link to economic slowdown may have been suppressed. Data on demonetisations link to economic slowdown may have been suppressed. Chief economic advisor K Subramanian to India Inc Stop socialising losses. Indian textile body uses newspaper ad to get government attention. India Innerwear sales Brief warning Innerwear sales reveal a slowdown. Economy Slowdown. Kavita Krishnan AIPWA presents report on groud reality on JampK Article 370. Top biscuit maker Parle may cut up to 10000 jobs as economy slowdown bites. After Auto sector its time for Textile sector. Indian Spinning industry facing biggest crisis resulting in huge job losses. Todays Business Standard had this for its readers.. In view of current state of economy wasnt idea of Basic Monthly Income an worthwhile experiment : To people who oppose govt giving sops to people here is my argument. Since economy works with buysell of products and services current slowdown can be attributed to A. Cash crunch in hands of citizens. I mean income not currency notes B. Oversupply of pricey products. C. Lowered consumer sentiment. Etc etc... You must have got my point by now... Since GST and demonetization money from parallel market is invested cough Real estate Cough Gold And any bulk sale of these asset will raise suspicion. Thus its slowdown. And since people are waiting for things to be rosy again they are willing to wait for luxuries. Now comes BMI. IF govt decides to push money to poor households... Purchasing power of poor will multiply manyfolds. And assuming they will go buying... Economy might revert back to health. Basis for my understanding was talking to a prof of commerce. Was talking about current slowdown. When he pointed towards 2008 depression and MNREGA. He explained about the bottom byuoncy which kept local economy in good health despite external flu. This enrichment of lower strata of society with cash flow kept demand high thus subverting depression and subsequent rejuvenation of economy when depression subsided in world economy. Since MNREGA is still available on this he told... Economy has now equilibrated with effect of MNREGA. His view about recent spurt of economic activity in Kashmir was favourable. Disclaimer this discussion was done far away from shores of India. Both me and him are not too much current with daily happenings of India.. ITC Asias Top Cigarette Maker Considers Stake In Coffee Day Report. Its confirmed For private sector salaries this was the worst year in a decade.. Indian economy crisis: Can somebody explainELIF the current situation of Indian economy. Why Fly 44yearold MiG21 Jets When No One Drives Even Cars That Old IAF chief BS Dhanoa. Channel churn TRAIs attempts to micromanage the broadcasting sector have backfired. Indias Largest BiscuitMaker Parle May Fire Up To 10000 Amid Slowdown. Population Control Is there any sensible and practical law that can control population : [removed]. Dont rush Indias healthcare reforms. Indias deposit insurance cover remains the lowest globally. In charts The Modi government is facing a serious cash crunch thanks to GST.. Mahindra warns of job losses. Economy. After Britannia now Parle hit by slowdown says GST responsible for it. Ground Report Entire Families Have Perished in the Kerala Floods and Landslides. Economic slowdown very worrisome new set of reforms needed Raghuram Rajan. Foodgrain production estimated at 285 mn tonnes in 201819. Ananda Dairy to support milk cattle welfare. Updates from the Supreme Court Facebooks transfer petition of the Aadhaarsocial media linking case in the Madras HC.:  https//i.redd.it/j4p04f4ojlh31.png August 20 2019 A few weeks back IFF intervened in an ongoing public interest litigation filed with the Madras High Court had permitted IFF regarding linking of Aadhaar with social media accounts as we explained in [our previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/vanakkamupdatesontheaadhaarsocialmedialinkageandencryptionpilbeforethemadrashc/. This case has gained such importance due to the spectrum of issues no longer limited to Aadhaar and social media linking and also brought within its ambit big companies such as Facebook Whatsapp Google etc. On August 13 the Supreme Court of India proceeded to hear a petition put forth by Facebook to transfer the case pending before the Madras High Court to the Apex court. The matter was adjourned to be heard on August 19 which was pushed once again to August 20 with continuing suspense of whether the case would be transferred keeping everyone on edge especially with the next hearing in the Madras High Court scheduled for August 21. Today the case was listed as Item No. 13 in Court No. 13 before the division bench of Supreme Court with Honble Justice Deepak Gupta and Honble Justice Aniruddha Bose in a hearing that continued for over 45 minutes. Arguments made were not purely limited to the transfer prayed by Facebook but also included substantial arguments on the encryption and the linking of Aadhaar. However the judges made it clear that at this stage the Court was only concerned with whether the petitions should be transferred and not with substantive merits of these cases. The Honble Court agreed to examine these aspects as it issued notice to the respondents in the petition. While it did not restrain the Madras High Court from continuing hearings it did direct that it shall not give any final orders. The next date for hearing before the Supreme Court is September 13 2019. Arguments were made by Senior Advocates Mukul Rohatgi for Facebook Kapil Sibal for WhatsApp and the former Attorney General of India K.K. Venugopal representing the State of Tamil Nadu. Issues of the existence of cross purposes in the relief claimed by cases in the Madras HC and the Supreme Court the magnitude of the impact of this case on global products such as Whatsapp even examples of the Blue Whale challenge as a justification to identification of originators were voiced. The next scheduled date for hearing in the Madras High Court is August 21 for which IFF will be present. We have also prepared submissions to Kamakotis response which will be submitted to the court. As always we will continue to update you with the happenings of the case while sipping the best filter coffee.. Linking of user profile with Aadhaar SC agrees to hear Facebooks plea: [removed]. Its high time for India to expand financial education fundamentals into the curriculum for preschool primary and secondary schools just like Malaysia. India also needs National Strategy for FinancialLiteracy. Is public money safe The National Small Savings Fund NSSF has for long been a safe refuge for the savings of millions of middleclass Indians. But loans from NSSF to stateowned companies have jumped 500 per cent since 201617 and some of these PSUs dont have the capacity to repay.. SBI Aims to Eliminate Debit Cards to Boost Digital Payment Solutions. India hardens stance on PoK. Crouching tiger hidden data. Donald Trump talks to Narendra Modi and Imran Khan asks them to work towards reducing tension in Kashmir. Indian states compared to countries with similar nominal GDP Source India in Pixels on Facebook. Tapping Indian cities unrealised growth potential. I find it rlly funy that and iphone subreditt has more mmebers than india subrettit: LIKE WHET. Can someone ELI5. Upwardly mobile India jumps 21 positions in cellphone exporters list still way below leaders China Vietnam. Term Extension of 15th Finance Commission A Wider Scope for Recommendations. Rakesh Jhunjhunwala on economy. Prime Ministers dream of economy. Modiled govt to be in power for next 25 years. Code on wages a major step forward. Traders body calls for boycott of Chinese goods seeks up to 500 import duty. 2016 Indian banknote demonetisation has attracted International atentions: /r/TheHatedOne is among the few internet enthusiast who promote personal security amp privacy from surveillance. In recent video he has included Indias effort to curb illegal transactions of 2016 Indian banknote demonetization https//www.youtube.com/watchvGADZ46VXmtU. Indias Obsession with GDP 5 Trillion Economy. South Asian GDP growth forecast.. The SigatsheKerung China Nepal railway construction begins. Rajnath Singh Indias nuclear policy in future will depend on circumstances. Transgender Persons Protection of Rights Bill 2019 Controversies and Recovery. What is Eligibility Criteria for NTR Housing Scheme In Andhra Pradesh. RTI activist asks for rainfall data Telangana govt demands Rs 20 lakh to give info. The fee of Rs 20 lakh demanded by the state government includes a whopping Rs 3 lakh as GST.. Finance ministry asks PSBs to seek ideas from branches for achieving 5 trillion economy Times of India. Hows this even possible. Modi on Thursday reviewed the state of the economy with finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman and other officials and discussed stimulus measures to prop it up.. Well how is this possible. How Britain stole 45 trillion from India. Indias No First Use Policy on Nuclear Weapons May Change Based on Circumstances Says Rajnath Singh. Lucas TVS announces nonworking days. Thailand Plans 10 Billion Stimulus to Support Economy. In 31 months Modi govt has completed just 1.1 km of work on Char Dham highway project. An idea to bring our diverse India closer: India is big PRETTY BIG everyone agrees Some states have population greater than a few countries in the world thinkUP Population and has a diverse cohort of people inhabiting it 29 states. Everyone wants to feel a part of India. But if youre running a kitchen in a house you just cannot start serving all varieties of food now can you Just cannot cater to say 29 different varieties of food and tastes. Thats impractical. But to run this kitchen successfuly it becomes imperative to cater to everyones requirements and their choices and keep everyone together united and happy. In a house we eat all types of food sometimes even things we dont like. If youre running this kitchen what could you do to keep everyone happy One thought could be to make a different variety of food every weekend to serve every single person and have a default menu running for the rest of the week. What Im saying is Idea gt Have a month dedicated to each state. When this month arrives for each state or UT the whole country comes together and celebrates their culture food religion langugae etc. News channels can run specials about this state and show what problems people of this state are going through so that they can be brought to notice and addressed appropriately. More attention can be given to each state this way and its diversity can be a thing of celebration. This can help people to be less ignorant of each other and hold hands and move closer by learning about each others problems likings dislikings etc. This thought is just an attempt to make the diverse country that is India a litlle more united. Please feel free to rip this idea apart and to debate over it diregard it or completely anhilate it in the comments. My only intention as a citizen of India is to provide contructive feedback and ideas that can be implemented by this country in some form or the other. Jai Hind and Happy Independence Day. Really hope this post reaches till PM Modi. How World Leaders Ruined the Global Economy. The way he explained the Era. Could India be the next Superpower. COULD INDIA BE THE NEXT SUPERPOWER. Where is growth in India coming from. How India Used Big Data and Computers to Jumpstart Its Economy in the 1950s Atlan Humans of Data. All about Advertisement. FMCG companies redflag gathering rural slowdown. Crisis in auto sector takes its toll 286 dealership outlets shut in 18 months. How India used big data and computers to jumpstart its economy in the 1950s: Interesting read about how P.C. Mahalanobis independent Indias first statistical adviser contributed helped bring data to governance and set an example for the world [http//atln.cm/India]http//atln.cm/India. Rupee Becomes Asias Worst Performer In August Amid China Woes Foreign Outflows.  India 20 ILoveIt day 697.72 . Are You in the Top One Percent of the World. Govt liabilities understated by 4 CAG tells finance Commission. Kashmir Caged A ground report by activists and reporters. Foreign Investors Face Wipeout As Rupee Becomes Asias Worst Performer. 5 trillion economy. Community Event by HasGeek and IFF: ampx200B [img]5re8uegffeg31 Hello beloved community members We have some exciting news We were just thinking to ourselves that we dont do enough community events. But with perfect timing HasGeek reached out to us to be a community partner for a talk on Net Neutrality by the brilliant Dr. Vishal Misra Professor at Columbia University. Dr. Misra began looking at Net Neutrality from an engineering and networking perspective a few years ago. At this talk he will touch upon issues such as the prediction back in 2008 about rise in paid peering and the negative impact of differential pricing on competition to name a few. Piqued your interest We thought as much. Head on over to HasGeek house Indiranagar at 1100am on August 15th. As you make your way to the event make sure to meet our super cool trustees Karthik Balakrishnan and Rachita Taneja to get some IFF merch. So what are you waiting for Hurry up and [RSVP at this link]https//hasgeek.com/fifthelephant/2019publiclecturebyvishalmisra/ Given it is Independence Day tomorrow we hope you take this national holiday as an opportunity to look into your digital wallets and channel some funds towards protection of digital rights. Weve made it as seamless as possible with a special page on Razorpay for your generous donations link at the bottom. In the spirit of optimism and as we as celebrate Indias Independence we hope to raise close to Rs. 1.5 lakh through the support of our community. Of course if you cant donate yourself please do ask your family and friends 1 share 1 prayer for protection against the allseeing eye of surveillance We joke we joke we kid we kid Not about the need for greater support in protecting fundamental rights in the digital sphere though. No amount is too small We appreciate your generosity and will continue to do everything we can to protects your digital rights. [Donate to IFF today]https//pages.razorpay.com/IFFLL2019. Inside Locked Down Kashmir a Reporter Finds Fear and Chaos. Kashmir Situation Jean Dreze Kavita Krishnan present report on onground situation in Kashmir. Press Club of India denied us permission to broadcast videos or show power point presentation part of our report on ground situation in Kashmir after abrogation of Article370. Economic Slowdown. Fact check Did foreign news agencies fabricate reports about unrest in Srinagar. Did BBC Al Jazeera Reuters fabricate reports of unrest in Kashmir Alt News. Modi hai to Mumkin hai: Sensex 2nd record plunge of the year [https//www.thehindu.com/business/markets/sensexsees2ndrecordplungeofyear/article29085847.ece]https//www.thehindu.com/business/markets/sensexsees2ndrecordplungeofyear/article29085847.ece. Sochilike centre for talented children in works. Supreme Court slaps cost on 7 states for failing to file responses Human Rights Courts Best Lawyers. India July retail inflation stays low enough to allow a fifth rate cut. Income Tax vs Consumption Tax: First let me say the disclaimers I am not in India right now. I do not have a complete understanding of Indian tax system. One purpose of this post is for me to learn. That being said from what ever I have read news papers online forum etc it seems like proportion of indirect tax ie consumption tax is higher than direct tax and corporate tax. At the same time business owners are hounded by the tax authorities. Two things stands out to me in this regard 1. Although every one I know feels like they are over taxed Indian welfare benefits are not at all generous. Public health benefits are substandard. So are government run K12 schools and most of public colleges and universities. Good quality public goods like parks libraries are scarce. Public infrastructure is also not something to be proud of. Number of government employees per capita is lower than most of the developed countries. We are also not running budget surpluses. Then where does the taxed money go 2. Greater burden on consumption tax implies greater burden on people who consume bigger portion of their income. Which makes it regressive. What is the justification for this structure Note this is not INC/BJP issue. This is true for all governing parties.. How is India developing its economy: I have searched for information on how developing countries develop and it seems like people are content with things staying as they are. I personally believe politicians should be focusing on helping people in developing countries in some way.. 10 Things No One Told You About The Economy. Pendrives amp gumption How local journalists are reporting from Kashmir A ground report on the nearclampdown on press movement information gathering and dissemination in the Valley. Employment data India Professional bodies and gig economy players to file data on jobs Govt to notify framework for collating data. Consumers thinking twice before buying a Rs 5 pack Britannia. Kashmir report Living hell here. The EcoRebels of the Himalayas DW Documentary. Air Pollution is a Bigger Problem than You Think but Solutions are Coming. Beyond Kashmir issue RTI UAPA and more. Tax History In US. In Mukesh Ambanis big announcements a promise to act on PM Modis appeal. Saudi Aramco Reports 47 Billion Earnings in First Half of 2019. Ground Report Angry Kashmir Empty on Eid as Restrictions Return to Srinagar. Anguished But My Predictions On Economy Came True By Yashwant Sinha. CBSE hikes exam fee for SC/ST by 24 times General to pay double.. Government can announce measures to speed up economic growth. Making an Offer They Cant Refuse. West Bengal leads India in GDP growth Amit Mitra. Indian States as per GDP: [removed]. Govt mulls legal action against media for baseless JampK reports. Suppose you were incharge of reorganising Indian territory ...: ... which new states/UTs would you create Would you break or merge any current states My take Create Gorkhaland and Bodoland from W.B and Assam respectively. Make Karbi Anglong and Kukiland a UT. Divide UP into 6 parts for better administrative efficiency and perhaps make Bundelkhand a UT for speedier development. What do you think . Modi government likely to bring bill to prevent religious conversion in next Parliament session. Article 370 Still Exists Why is Article 367 Very Important . Doctors in Uttarakhand are gaming the worlds biggest health scheme.. In Kashmir there are strict orders not to issue curfew passes to local reporters to prevent them for going around. But then there is no curfew according to Delhibased TV news channels.. Report 42 Dead in Rain Mudslides in Indias Kerala State. Govt might look for quick fixes to revive the economy but that needs structural change. Pakistan formally suspends trade with India.. UN chief is against changing Kashmir status: [removed]. Finance minister to review jail term clause for noncompliance of CSR.. Meanwhile the million dollar discussion in India on media.. India needs to talk about this.  Independence Day 15 August 2018 Special 2018 . Indias Taj Hotel chain to sell assets as economy weakens. GST trouble Businesses reporting 20 per cent revenue fall receive notices. Shoot movies in JampK invest there PM to film industry. Chinas exports increased in July despite trade war. Pakistan closes three air routes for Indian carriers.. With 370 now gone how much cash do you think will the Government of India pump into Kashmir With signs of economy slowing down moving a whole lot of funds to this region drag the country to a brink of financial crisis: The central government will need to prove socio economic growth in the region to piss off the neighbors my hypothesis is over the course of next year center will approve and allocate whole bunch of funds for development in Kashmir and Ladakh region. Dont forget we already spend substantial funds in these regions for our Armed forces and security. Our economy is already showing signs of slowing down our GDP forecast is lower than last year what are the chances that this move will eventually lead the country to a brink of financial crisis. Consumers turn gloomy about economic situation employment RBI survey. Mallya makes another offer of 100 loan payback. Development work already initiated in Kashmir Srinagar Metro to absorb 1300 engineers others India News Times of India. Transgender Persons Bill 2019 Passes In Lok Sabha Trans Community Disappointed.:  [https//thelogicalindian.com/awareness/transgenderpersonsbillloksabha/]https//thelogicalindian.com/awareness/transgenderpersonsbillloksabha/ People belonging to the trans community and who wish to identify as either a man or a woman would need to go through gender affirmation surgery also known as sex reassignment surgery or SRS. This upends the Supreme Court earlier judgment which states that the transcommunity do not need anyones acknowledgement as a persons gender identity is their word. . Mahindra Warns of Job Losses in Auto Sector Seeks Government Help. Admitting slowdown RBI lowers growth forecast to 6.9. RBI Lowers GDP Growth Forecast to 6.9 for FY20 NewsClick. Stop the communications blackout in Jammu and Kashmir and internet shutdowns in India. SBI lowers lending rates by 15 bps from Aug 10. Governor Das says 35 bps rate cut balanced based on data. RBI Monetary Policy Live Updates Repo rate cut by 35 basis points NEFT to be available 24x7. Govt Sets Up Ecommerce Regulator For Consumer Redressal. Kashmir and Palestine.: Kashmir is the new Palestine. Those arguing for Kashmiri Pandits agreed that a huge wrong has been done with them but it were not the normal Kashmiris you could blame for that. Check the demographics since 1947 Kashmir has always been a Muslim Majority state. Nehru was right in saying Kashmir is of the Kashmiris and we should hold a plebiscite. Even though he was a Kashmiri Pandit his greatness was such that he was ready to rise above narrow feelings. Even Vajpayee was for a solution which looked for taking Kashmiriyat into account. So people ask yourselves critically was the right thing done. Was it the right way to revoke those articles. Dont look at Kashmir as land look at it as people. Empathize my friends. Need silver linings NPCI responds to our representation. It is investigating the Truecaller Breach: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/r1u801m8uye31.png On 30.07.2019 media reports and various user complaints brought to light an issue that caused the automatic registration of unified payments interface UPI based IDs of Truecaller users without their knowledge and consent. We wrote to NPCI indicating concern and suggesting immediate and intermediate action [read more]https//internetfreedom.in/truecallerorfalsecallerweaskncpitoanswerthisquestion/. NPCI wrote back to us in less than 48 hours agreeing with the contents of our representation. It also indicated two specific steps. First it had stopped on boarding new Truecaller users on the UPI Platform. Second the matter is under investigation and we will be informed after diligence is completed in all matters. We will keep urging for public disclosure that will have multiple benefits. It will help inform impacted users improve processes in technology companies and further greater trust in the UPI ecosystem. But also let us step back for a moment. This is not only about Truecaller. It is about user consent more widely. The privacy safety and security of users of the UPI interface. While for a complete remedy we need a data protection law which India does not have yet that is user centric [like the Indian Privacy Code]https//saveourprivacy.in/principles we appreciate and commend the actions being taken by NPCI within its mandate and urge it do more. Limited to the UPI ecosystem in our representation we made three specific suggestions on the basis of inputs and tweets from Srikanth Lakshmanan logic Anand Venkatanarayanan [iam\anandv]https//twitter.com/iamanandv Srinivas Kodali [digitaldutta]https//twitter.com/digitaldutta and Abhay Rana [captn3m0]https//twitter.com/captn3m0. We continue to urge the NPCI to walk towards them and are hopeful that our wide community of supporters encourage them to do so as well. Links to important documents Response by NPCI dated August 6 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1haek4380lCSue0BWtD2nbpdfbTVavd6g/viewuspsharing. True caller or False caller We ask NPCI to answer this question [link]https//internetfreedom.in/truecallerorfalsecallerweaskncpitoanswerthisquestion/. Representation to the NPCI dated 1.08.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1IeG8YsMJradxS3cvNPrSYA80T5Jz3fWL IFF promises to brighten up the darkness of digital dystopias One small LED bulb at a time. We need you to donate to keep our lights on [B]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/[ecome a IFF member right now.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Barkha Dutt reporting from ground zero From Srinagar JampK Top Cop DGP Dilbagh Singh tells me there has not been a SINGLE violent incident after Article370 going. No spontaneous agitation. Says Mainstream Netas detained have been kept in hotels/guesthouses amp are comfortable.. Article 370 Removed The India Kashmir Issue. What is the expected outcome of the repeal of Article 370: Hopefully I am not the only one wondering this. What does India expect to happen when Article 370 no longer applies to Kashmir I read a lot of commentators saying only time will tell. But that hardly seems like enough motivation to take such a big step that was contemplated but never completed for several decades. Like is there a game plan here If this is a calculated risk how would the return manifest itself Are we just hoping that people in the valley will just begin getting along with the rest of the country now that we took away their exclusivity. Transgenders/Hijras in India: [removed]. Hope for a wonderful Community. The trouble with legislation thats difficult to enforce. Rajya Sabha approves NID amendment bill. What happens to Jammu And Kashmir Now. What Is Article 370 and Article 35A What Will happen to Jammu and K.... Rupee Falls 99 Paise To 70.59 Against Dollar. Lok Sabha passes bill that bans commercial surrogacy: According to the Bill only infertile Indian couples between the age of 2350 years and 2655 years for female and male respectively who have been legally married for at least five years would be allowed to opt for surrogacy but only through altruistic surrogacy. Problems with Education in India: [removed]. Govt likely to shelve plan for overseas bonds will first fix the slowdown.. Ambani lost 2.4 Billion in one day. How Newspapers Reported the Revocation of JampKs Special Status. [Rant] Criminalization of CSR is another pain for companies: This is another sort of rant about a bad policy by the government. Id first like to clear something up. Im NOT against mandatory CSR. I personally dont like the very idea of mandatory CSR but since its law our company fully complies with all CSR requirements. Its just the way the government is amending it to make non compliance a criminal offense that is problematic. Let me explain When a corporation is profitable it pays corporate tax. On top of that it generates jobs and wealth for individuals and provides valuable goods and services. This boosts the economy. When companies do CSR they are essentially doing social service and there is nothing wrong in that. The problem is why the bloody hell does the government want to criminalize it I know that non compliance is an issue but this just makes it an additional headache for companies. The compliance officer may not have the same view of CSR as companies do and will eventually end up harassing us. Since there is no concrete framework for CSR i.e. what is and what isnt CSR it is largely open to interpretation. And if the government puts another bureaucrat theyll have absolutely no idea on CSR. In fact I dont even understand why the government is doing this. The last time I checked CSR compliance is at 91.25. There are certain policies such as the tax on the super rich which is vote bank politics but this effectively starts an inspector raj all over again. And if companies have left over money for CSR we have to deposit in an escrow account after 3 years We are not criminals. We WILL eventually use that money. The government is literally putting its hand in our pockets This is a sad state of affairs. We aspire to be a 5 trillion dollar economy. The government wants animal spirit. And the ease of doing business here is being dragged down.. Lok Sabha passes Transgender persons protection of rights bill. We strongly condemn the communications blackout in Jammu and Kashmir and urge an end to internet shutdowns across India: The developments of the past few days are of immense consequence to the future of our democracy and the voices from Jammu and Kashmir need to be heard the loudest not silenced en masse. Access to the internet is a human right. Massive economic social and individual harm caused when it is disrupted. But the human costs are much deeper. Cutting off Internet access prevents people from using the Internet to reach out for help and makes them panic. They cannot make sure their loved ones are safe or practice their right to expression and political participation the government cannot unreasonably deny anyone in this country this right. We believe that internet based communications play a vital role in promoting greater trust between people and their government. Arguments on security and public safety which are often made have resulted in a situation where India has the highest number of internet shutdowns globally. Most of these happen in Jammu and Kashmir. As per SFLCs internet shutdown [tracker]https//internetshutdowns.in/ this is the 51st time atleast this year that Kashmir has faced an internet shutdown and it wont be the last until there is a serious reform on shutdown laws. We have through our work consistently over months highlighted how it results in harm to different parts of India. From Rajasthan West Bengal Maharashtra. But tonight we are concerned about Jammu and Kashmir. People there who are suffering from anxiety and bewilderment due to a deprivation of internet and mobile communication services. We are concerned for their safety physical and mental care. The last few days has underscored the need for legal reform given that as per our understanding the existing law under which orders for internet disruptions are passed undermine our fundamental rights. IFF urges the government to stop these arbitrary shutdowns that lack any sort of structure or oversight. Jammu and Kashmir and all of India deserves better. These are our constitutional promises which must be fulfilled. Apar Gupta Executive Director. Section 370: [removed]. Rupee suffers biggest slump in 6 years closes at 4mth low of 70.73 on yuan shock. RS approves the resolution on JampK. Pakistani dollar bonds fall after Indian government revokes Kashmirs special status. Sensex Rupee Slump on Yuan Woes and Kashmir Tension. Rajya Sabha Passes Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill 2019 Heres What You Should Know. Economy is screwed. So lets play Kashmir Kashmir.: I am not saying this is the only consideration but I cant get over the feeling that this is being done in such authoritarian fashion to divert attention from the horrible state of our economy. Parliament was give like 30 minutes to read the bill and suggest amendments. Chicken pieces missing from Chiken biriyan after ordering from Swiggy: So yes I ordered Chicken Biriyani from swiggy \[paradise hyderabad\]. Midway through the adventure realized there were no chicken pieces WTF happened here ampx200B P.S. The swiggy boy gave a weird smile when delivering the food.. Indian Economy jumps two places from 5th position to 7th position. CVC report reveals Union ministries departments shielding corrupt officers. CVC report reveals Union ministries departments shielding corrupt officers railway ministry among top offenders. 2 lakh laid off in last 3 months by auto dealers says FADA. Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana Phase III Everything You Need to Know About. A movie scene from Chashme Buddoor 1981 film petrol rate is only 5.1 paisa mentioned on the meter. Rs 25000 crore tenders cancelled or modified to promote Make in India products Times of India . Two lakh jobs cut in last 3 months across automobile dealerships FADA. Legislative changes proposed to 13 Acts in the Union Budget 201920. The crash of 2019. National population register. Indian government borrows money at 46 higher interest rate than most of developed countries: This is a bit technical topic so I have tried to simplify it with some approximations. Governments across the world need to borrow money to manage their day to day finances. These are in form of bonds. The money borrowed is given by investors such as banks worldwide specialist funds other countrys central banks which demand a certain interest rate to lend money to a government. Another dimension is maturity of loan does government want 1 yr loan 2 yr loan 5 yr loan 10 yr loan 20 30 yr loan. One of the most popular series is to compare interest rate on a 10 yr loan paid by various countries. While India has a yield read as interest rate for simplification of 6.4 for 10 yr bond countries like Switzerland Germany France Japan have a negative interest rate. This means investors are okay losing money for holding money in these countries. Imagine taking a home loan and paying negative interest rate on it. This image makes it clearer. 100bps is 1. [https//imgur.com/a/JcaMJCP]https//imgur.com/a/JcaMJCP Source [http//www.worldgovernmentbonds.com/country/india/]http//www.worldgovernmentbonds.com/country/india/. Yes I was told not to say such things Kiran MazumdarShaw. What India needs to do with eciggerates Tighter regulations or complete ban. In US Johnson amp Johnson agrees to pay 1 billion for faulty hip implants in India brazens it out. Johnson amp Johnson has claimed in India that it has received no adverse event reports on Pinnacle. Medical records accessed by The Indian Express show otherwise.. India slips to 7th largest economy. Gujarat more bimar than Bimaru states in waterborne diseases. Economic Slowdown. Report India Sends Back ExMaldives Vice President. RBI imposes Rs 11 cr fine on seven PSBs for violating norms. Motor Vehicles Bill for safer roads. UGC denies eminence tag to Ashoka KREA Jadavpur and Azim Premji universities. India slips to 7th largest economy World Bank. New LabourLaws offers Rs 178 per day.... Shame . True caller or False caller We ask NPCI to answer this question.:  Processing img m8c1akikozd31... Highlights In brief On July 30th 2019 Truecaller users faced automatic registration of their unified payments interface UPI based IDs without their knowledge and consent. Truecaller representatives have attributed the issue to the result of a software bug. We write to the NPCI The magnitude of such a security breach has brought to the forefront the continued lack of data protection and security measures available to the users of the online sphere. We write to the NPCI suggesting a few measures to consider in addressing these issues. We would like to thank Srikanth Lakshmanan logic Anand Venkatanarayanan [iam\anandv]https//twitter.com/iamanandv Srinivas Kodali [digitaldutta]https//twitter.com/digitaldutta and Abhay Rana [captn3m0]https//twitter.com/captn3m0 for their technical inputs and analysis without which IFF would not have been able to address the issue. The Breach On 30.07.2019 media reports and various user complaints brought to light an issue that caused the automatic registration of unified payments interface UPI based IDs of Truecaller users without their knowledge and consent. Users reported an indecipherable SMS sent out with a response later received through their banks alerting them to a UPI based registration. Both the official twitter handle for TrueCaller and representatives of Truecaller have indicated the issue to be the result of a software bug. Time to be accountable Truecaller has become a widely used service that does not only identify incoming calls from unknown numbers but also offers payments services through the use of UPI. This payment method is governed by the National Payments Corporation of India set up with the support of the RBI. In light of this we [write to the NPCI]https//drive.google.com/openid1IeG8YsMJradxS3cvNPrSYA80T5Jz3fWL on the systemic deficiencies that need recognition and suggest steps in addressing security and data protection issues Immediate steps 1. Technical assessment The NPCI should investigate this security breach and provide information on the bug but also on its impact to each user. Further steps include an audit of other payment platforms that utilise UPI. Intermediary steps 1. Complaint and redressal mechanism A complaint addressing mechanism with a structurally designated office and channels for redressal focused on data/privacy/technology issues available to the users should be put into place by NPCI. In line with this there is need for structure 2. Establish a working group for oversight If not already in existence in order to review security and data management practices through UPI an independent working group should be created to conduct investigations provide best practices for UPI and periodically review the platform ecosystem partners. 3. Architecture documentation Public facing technologies need documentation of all aspects of the technology to create trust and establish norms on correct use. The working group should strive to put all architecture documentation in the public domain to help researchers determine if any such vulnerability exists. While the concerns for such breaches of user consent security and data continue to loom all hope is certainly not lost With the support of such enthusiastic rights oriented individuals civil society organisations and even cooperative companies user rights and protections will triumph. IFF as always will continue to ensure your digital rights bloom in this gloom. Links to important documents Representation to the National Payments Corporation of India dated 1.08.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1IeG8YsMJradxS3cvNPrSYA80T5Jz3fWL Support us in our quest for the protection of digital rights [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Honda Reports Profit Drop on Yen Declining US India Sales. Bullet Train in India The harsh reality of Narendra Modis Bullet Train Project LATEST 2019. Jan Dhan now a profitable venture for banks. India slips to 7th largest economy in 2018 World Bank. After NMC bill is passed you people will have doctors like this. Goodluck. At 2.73 trn Indias economy pushed to 7th spot UK France march ahead. Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill 2019. Various Penalties under Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill 2019. Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill 2019. Top 20 Indian Richest States Ranked by GDP 1981 2019. India is one of the fastest developing countries. See the GDP data of the indian state from year 1981.. Airtel Q1 Report: Airtel reports widerthanexpected Q1 loss of Rs 2866 crore on Rs 1470 crore onetime hit. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/earnings/airtelreportswiderthanexpectedq1lossofrs2866croreonrs1470croreonetimehit/articleshow/70482199.cms. Irish Visa: [removed]. An Academics Response Draft National Education Policy 2019 Economic and Political Weekly. LS passes amendments to Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. July 2019 Car Sales Report Of Maruti Hyundai Tata Mahindra Honda Toyota. India Inc.. CCD shares continue to decline for the third day down 42 percent in three days. Free electricity in Delhi up to 200 units announces Arvind Kejriwal. India only Asian economy thats growing its export share amid trade war. Growth in 8 core sectors dips to 0.2 in June near 4year low Times of India. Crisil cuts Indias GDP growth to 6.9 from 7.1 for FY20. Worst July since 2002 for markets these 239 BSE stocks fell 1050. SBIs New Interest Rates On Fixed Deposit Take Effect Today. Medical commission bill. List of top Protein Powder Manufacturers in Chandigarh Protein Powder. India expects coalfired power capacity to grow 22 in three years ET EnergyWorld. Motor Vehicles Bill 2019 Full list of fines youll pay for traffic violations. CAG says GST has failed to live up to its full potential. Parliament clears the Bill that will change the way India drives.. Muslim women thank PM Modi on passage of Triple Talaq Bill India News Times of India. Sensex up 84 points banks auto stocks gain. CAG pegs Indias FY18 fiscal deficit at 5.85 vs govts 3.46 Report. India rises in global innovation index with a jump of 5 points. Banks Can Drive Anyone to Despair Devastated by Siddharthas Letter Mallya Draws Attention to Own Case: [removed]. Quiz on Indian Economy. GST system vulnerable to fraudulent input tax credit claims says CAG. A leaf out of Yunnans book. What is the biggest reason for migration in India. ET Explains Everything you should know about Indias current economic slowdown. Ssc Coaching Institute Franchise in Amritsar. Indian fertiliser sectors record on water pollution is a cause for concern CSE. CCD founder missing VG Siddhartha Cafe Coffee Day founder VG Siddhartha goes missing Reports. Rise in rating downgrades reflects slump in economy. Over 77000 feedback letters on draft National Education Policy. Amended RTI vs Participatory Democracy. Cafe Coffee Day founder VG Siddhartha goes missing Reports. Respecting reproductive choice. Would you describe India as a market socialist economy: I heard that India is a market economy since 1991 but I have also heard that around 55 of the economy is public sector are both these things true If so would you consider India a market socialist economy like China or Vietnam. Tim Draper Thinks Indias Crypto Ban Could Set it Back 40 Years. How Indias Dollar Bond Made Too Many Enemies. Weve been left on read. Lack of response from BSNL and DOT on Net Neutrality violations. SaveTheInternet:  https//i.redd.it/g582m08sm6d31.png Highlights Background Armed with publicly sourced complaints IFF approached the Department of Telecommunications on the continuing net neutrality violations and BSNL on insertions of code injections. However there has been pin drop silence in response. Need for an action The lack of a mechanism in place to provide redressal or cooperation from BSNL has led us to take a forward a threepronged action approach. Background Referring to our previous correspondences on 29.05.2019 with Ref. No. IFF/2019/112 [Read here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1seyH554MRserRW7Nxyi3KUeYL6ywbrL/view and on 27.03.2019 with Ref. No. IFF/2019/107 [Read here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wS1gUa0nl3YLM2Tlhjpej8l97cZanyZ/view various complaints received by us have been documented in the representations indicating net neutrality violations through summaries of reports received along with an anonymised document of the various complaints of violations. In addition our representation to BSNL with Ref. No. IFF/2019/110 has also specifically disclosed the occurrences of code injections inserted into nonhttps websites [Read here]https//drive.google.com/openid1q7aFOmqCOzvRaoifMheTOE16AdRTmIb. To combat atrophy we have have deployed a combination three step move. ThreePronged move to get a response Step One RTI with BSNL Having provided various crowd sourced complaints of such browser/code injections against BSNL along with our representation we received no response. As a result we filed an RTI with Ref. No. BSNLD/R/2019/50935 has also been filed with BSNL for information on its use of code injections. We have requested for copies of action taken to our complaint and any other complaints it has received and reasons if there has been no action taken as well. Step Two RTI and Complaint to the Department of Telecommunications In addition to our previous representations we have once again written to the DOT once again firstly providing clarity on how code injections are a violation of the Unified Licenses that govern ISPs and secondly on its lack of response and need for action [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1g0BFsoNE1ptHxzMLCa7Qk5Z5Knve8F7/viewuspsharing. Additionally an RTI with Ref. No. DOTEL/R/2019/50637 has also been filed with the DOT on action taken in response to our complaints as well others on net neutrality violations. Step Three Report to CertIN As a finishing touch we have filed an Incident Report with CertIn on the various instances of code injections we have received and also identified by attaching it as evidence. Many of these code injections have been termed to be malicious. To clarify the issue we have provided a letter providing the reason for our complaint [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/11FXCBEPN7c8orj5O6B8uMHDQUak3k7Tp/viewuspsharing. As we wait for the responses from these various bodies IFF will continue to document any and all net neutrality violations users might face through our online reporting tool. Please do report any violations you come across at [https//savetheinternet.in/report/]https//savetheinternet.in/report/. Links to important documents Incident report and Representation to CertIN [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/11FXCBEPN7c8orj5O6B8uMHDQUak3k7Tp/viewuspsharing Representation to the Department of Telecommunications on the lack of action on Net Neutrality violations dated 29.07.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1g0BFsoNE1ptHxzMLCa7Qk5Z5Knve8F7/view Representation to the Department of Telecommunications on continued reports of Net Neutrality violations dated 29.05.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1seyH554MRserRW7Nxyi3KUeYL6ywbrL/viewuspsharing Recent representation to the Department Of Telecommunications on reports of net neutrality violations dated 27.03.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wS1gUa0nl3YLM2Tlhjpej8l97cZanyZ/view SaveTheInternet [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Has India joined the war against car ownership. Issues with the Surrogacy Regulation Bill 2019. Visualising the latest data on migration from Census 2011. An Academics Response Draft National Education Policy 2019. Why foreign investors are fleeing India. An interesting long read: [removed]. Lacklustre festival season awaits India Inc projections gloomy. The State of India in the World.. My rant.: First of all I wanted to ask a few things but r/askindia is so small compared to r/india. So now the questions I wanted to ask I have to make into statements. Which might be false or correct. I expect to see some comments correcting me. It seems like there is this idea of West vs East and in the middle of that fight is USA and China. Right now I feel like if I leave the West and go to the East people will hate me because of my skin color and assume that they know how I think. I would have liked to visit China but given the gorment involmend in collecting organs I will now avoid that place. I guess that makes me some type of racist. Which I am fine to be called at. After all if someone yells at me Hey d1ck head I will most likely turn my head and look at them. Even tho I dont have a d1ck on my head.. This kind of thinking from me makes me automatically the enemy of Chinese Gov and the people in there will think of me as garbage as well. I have been wondering if I would get the same results if I would say something about India. Or are Indians less interest about the national prida and saving face. When I look at world economy. The big guys/territories are China Russia USA India and EU but when it comes down to political decisions the ACTUAL big guys are China Russia and USA China and Russia are in a alliance. Which gets us to war between West and East. When ever there is a big thing happening climate space war etc. I always thought of it as good and bad. Who is the first one to got to Mars Is something that makes me wonder if anyone else feels the same ways as I do about India. If Americans go to Mars first it will be some type of sign of American values Freedom Democracy Capitalism etc. and if China is the first to go to Mars it will be a sign of Chinese values Growth over everything Culture has meaning only if it is beneficial for the Goverment People serve the goverment Goverment is number 1. Chinese never wrong about anything etc. for someone like me who has met people from both countries and visited one of them it doesnt matter which one goes to Mars first I will forever be scared of the people from these nations. The nationalism from there will never end and it will give them anoter straw to strawman arguments. How ever... if India gets to be the First one to go to Mars I will think of it more like Meh.. Good for them. Even tho the people in India look nothing like me their culture is very different religion is nothing like ours and basically the whole country is very different from mine. I dont relate to India at all but for some weird reason I dont see it as bad thing in political way if India is the first to reach Mars. I have seen many news about India and how there are a lot of problems but everything just seems like a normal stuff that growing nation has. I met an India guy who said that Indian PM is just as bad as Trump and even after watching videos of his speeches I dont feel treathened by his supporters or anyone else. If someone was to ask me What do you think of India I would say that I think the head moving is funny when they speak Yes. I am racist. I have already said that. I have friends who work in healthcare and chemical industry. They said that it is horrible how everything comes from India. What makes it horrible is that it is an industry that will have a huge carbon footprint and it will cause problems to the ordinary workes. I dont know what to think of that. The ordinary guy in India will be able to support his family but with the cost of his health and land health. I wonder why indians never come to my country because of the good living conditions Everyone always goes to Canada USA UK etc. At fist I thought it might have something to do the small mount of public racisim but it is honestly so small that it shouldnt make any difference. A good example would be Nicki Minaj. At fist people here were talking about her like she is just another Black rapper. 6 months later there are articles about how she is talented IndianAmerican rapper and her consert in here sold out just like every other big artist. I wonder how UK is seen in India. I know UK now values India as a trading partner because they need the money but because UK was once The Master of India it might end up being a little weird relationship. I keep thinking about doing a road trip from Europe to India. Unfortunately there are a lot of problems between Europe and India I am talking about the nations between us. Wars everywhere... US FTC fines Facebook 5 billion over data leaks and scandals: social media giant Facebook will pay a recordbreaking 5 billion as fine to resolve a government probe into its privacy practices the US Federal Trade Commission and the company said. After the stock market closed Facebook disclosed as a part of its earnings report that the FTC told it last month that the commission had opened a separate antitrust investigation of the company. The FTC which issued a statement and held a press conference about the privacy settlement did not mention an antitrust probe. The FTC probe that resulted in the 5 billion settlement uncovered a wide range of privacy issues.. Crop insurance for all in Bengal. Ok. Then. Police Constable Stabbed to Death in Rajasthans Tonk. In the span of a fortnight this is the second reported incident of a policeman being killed by a mob in Rajasthan.. Fuel subsidies three times higher than evehicle budget Report. JUST IN Government reduces GST rate on electric vehicles to 5 from 12. Also GST reduction from 18 to 5 on Chargers for electric vehicles.. Govts dilemma To ban or not ban ecigarettes. Govt to privatise 2025 airports in next phase AAI Chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra. BSNL MTNL reeling under WiFi burden of MPs. This is hilarious.... Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 introduced in the Lok Sabha today SaveOurPrivacy: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/4q2nbxj5cnc31.png Highlights Background The past few months have been full of attacks on privacy. These include the government selling vehicle registration data introducing facial recognition technology and increasing CCTV surveillance. Unfortunately all this is being done in the absence of any safeguards principal amongst them is a data protection bill. IFF goes to Parliament Dr. Ravikumar Lok Sabha MP from Tamil Nadu has introduced the Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 today. This is a substantive redraft of the Indian Privacy Code which puts the interests of Indian citizens first. Parliament gets a modern progressive legislative proposal August is coming And that makes it a full year since the consultations on Indias data privacy regime were held. More than two years after the epoch defining right to privacy judgement a data protection regime seems distant. Meanwhile surveillance grows in scope sophistication and creep. Since the consultations in August 2018 there has been little movement on the Personal Data Protection Bill. But there has been a lot of activity on projects which pose massive threats to privacy [read more on it here]https//internetfreedom.in/runningoutoftimebutneveroutofslimenewwaysinwhichyourdataisthreatened/ We do not know if and when the Government will table a bill for it and what final form it will take. This is characteristic of a process that has lacked transparency even during the proceedings of the Justice Srikrishna Expert Committee [read more]https//internetfreedom.in/untitled2/. Today Dr. Ravikumar Member of Parliament Lok Sabha read more on him [here]https//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/firstconstituencythenstatenation/story6ZrWdYrzqWouzvAVUERwlJ.html tabled the Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019. This is a private members bill based off a reworked updated Indian Privacy Code 2018 and the 7 Privacy Principles. The public comments received on it have been factored and changes have been made. We thank for the wide ranging participation by individuals and organisations in supporting it. Blueprint for a rights based data protection and surveillance reform law There is very low chance that the Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 will pass into a law but it is one more small act of faith to protect the privacy of everyday ordinary Indians. It will hopefully provide a useful basis for study inspire debate by our parliamentarians who are actively engaging on issues of data protection and surveillance reform. At the time of filing it is the only legislative proposal on this issue. Our engagement in this effort is a continuing attempt in a range of actions across institutions which have been documented at length at the SaveOurPrivacy.in campaign website. We have in the past worked with different members of parliament and will continue to do so to advance data protection and surveillance reform. We will also post analysis on this bill and further upload it for further public debate and discussion. We thank not only Dr. Ravikumar but all parliamentarians notably Dr. Abhishek Manu Singhvi Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury Anupriya Patel Asaduddin Owaisi D. Ravikumar Mahua Moitra Manish Tewari N.K. Premachandran Supriya Sule who are actively engaging on the issue of data protection. wasnt that a long list of names These are just the MPs who have spoken in this present session of parliament on the need for a data protection law showing how the issues cuts across party lines Important documents Personal Data and Information Privacy Code Bill 2019 [link to PDF]https//drive.google.com/openid1DReq96eFLsSoKUvK94VCtu2Y1PE97. Airtel Africa Profit More Than Doubles in First Report Since IPO. Nissan to fire 1700 staff in India. This comes as the carmaker hits a decadelow profits globally. At the end of FY19 Nissan Motors India saw a decline of 30 in a market that grew 3.. Why its feeling like autumn of 2008 The stage is set for a major storm in financial markets and economies around the world. India will not be immune.. India readies plan for 4 billion Teslascale battery storage plants. Hindu parents say their teenage daughters were kidnapped forced to convert to Islam and married off. But a judge sent them home with their new husbands. Latest ammendment to RTI act will make it a cakewalk for the central government to have their way in the termination and other aspects of tenure of Central and State Information Commissioners. Its an attack on our right to seek information on the powerful politicians and bureaucracy.: Amendments have haunted the Right to Information RTI community ever since the RTI Act came into effect almost 14 years ago. This time demands for progressive amendments has been used as a smokescreen by the establishment to usher in regressive changes. Nevertheless the sword of Damocles of regressive amendments has hung over the RTI with successive governments. Amendments have been proposed since 2006 just six months after the law was implemented and many times thereafter. The difference between previous government and this one is that every attempt to ammend RTI Act has been done with prior setting up of a standing committee and debates whereas this government just passed the bill without any discussion and setting up a committee. In the form of the Right to Information Amendment Bill 2019 they amended Sections 13 16 and 27 of the RTI Act which carefully links and thereby equates the status of the Central Information Commissioners CICs with the Election Commissioners and the State Information Commissioners with the Chief Secretary in the States so that they can supposedly function in an independent and effective manner. The deliberate dismantling of this architecture empowers the Central government to unilaterally decide the tenure salary allowances and other terms of service of Information Commissioners both at the Centre and the States. Some might ask why this hurry to make ammendments into the law I think it is because the RTI helped with the crossverification of the affidavits of powerful electoral candidates with official documents and certain Information Commissioners having ruled in favour of disclosure. RTI is a constant challenge to the misuse of power. The RTI has been used to ask about village ration shop the Reserve Bank of India the Finance Ministry on demonetisation nonperforming assets the Rafale fighter aircraft deal electoral bonds unemployment figures the appointment of the Central Vigilance Commissioner CVC Election Commissioners and the nonappointment of the Information Commissioners themselves. The information related to decisionmaking at the highest level has in most cases eventually been accessed because of the independence and high status of the Information Commission. That is what the government has successfully amend. The task of the Information Commission is therefore different but no less important than that of the Election Commission of India. The Commission which is vested by law with status independence and authority will now function like a department of the Central government and be subject to the same hierarchy and demand for obeisance. Apart from Section 13 which deals with the terms and conditions for the Central information Commission in amending Section 16 the Central government will also control through rules the terms and conditions of appointment of Commissioners in the States. This is an assault on the idea of federalism. All the provisions related to appointment were used to be carefully examined by a parliamentary standing committee and then and only then the law was passed unanimously. It has been acknowledged that one of the most important structural constituents of any independent oversight institution i.e. the CVC the Chief Election Commission CEC the Lokpal and the CIC is a basic guarantee of tenure. In the case of the Information Commissioners they are appointed for five years subject to the age limit of 65 years. Now the central government is free to terminate their tenures if they wish to as CIC will function as just another department of Central government.. What happened during Kargil War Exclusive interview with Mushahid Hussain Syed. Understanding RERA Everything You Need To Know About the Real Estate Regulation and Development Act. OET Coaching in Amritsar. Any Updates on Indian Space Activities Bill. Budget allocation for statues: As far as I know the union budget makes provisions for the different schemes PMJDY etc. and under different heads like Defense Agriculture Railways etc. Under which head does statues like our Statue of Unity feature If there isnt a dedicated allocation in the budget where are the funds sourced/channeled from such a huge amount and how is this accounted for in the books of the finance ministry Is there any way this can be audited. Why is porn being blocked in India WhatTheBlock: Highlights Background In response to IFFs RTI query MeitY has revealed that blocking of pornographic websites in India is the result of three court orders. Two of these court orders were passed by an Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate in Mumbai and the third order was passed by the Uttarakhand High Court. No proactive blocking of porn by ISPs We can reasonably infer from MeitYs response that ISPs have not been directed by the government to proactively block porn websites and they should not be doing so in the absence of a specific court order. Hence legally there is little or no basis for proactive blocking. The mystery behind the Porn Ban In India viewing sexually explicit material in private spaces is not illegal. Then why are porn websites being blocked Many of our supporters have pinged us about this issue so we got down to first diagnosing why this is happening before coming up with solutions if any that this may require. First lets start with the basics. In India there are three ways to block a website. First a website may be blocked pursuant to a court order. Second a website can be blocked pursuant to directions of the Central Government under Section 69A of the IT Act. This is usually done by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MeitY and the Department of Telecommunication DoT. However the Central Government cannot directly block websites for merely hosting pornographic content because obscenity or morality is not a ground for blocking websites under Section 69A of the IT Act remember the controversy surrounding blocking of Savita Bhabi Read more about it [here]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Govtcantbanpornwebsitesforobscenity/articleshow/5558110.cms. Finally the DoT can also issue specific directions to Internet Service Providers ISPs under the [Unified Access License]http//dot.gov.in/sites/default/files/Unified20Licence0.pdf to block websites in public interest Clause 7.12 or to prevent transmission of obscene content Clause 38.1. To get to the bottom of this issue we filed RTIs with both MeitY and DoT. Our RTI filed with DoT was transferred to MeitY and the response from MeitY revealed that porn websites have been blocked in India pursuant to three court orders passed from 2016 to 2018. Nonavailability of court orders Unfortunately out of the three court orders cited by MeitY only one order is publicly accessible and we have filed a first appeal with MeitY for a copy of the other two orders. Two of the three court orders were passed by the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate of the Esplanade Court in Mumbai in 2016 and 2017. While we could not access copies of these two orders the information available on the ECourts website suggests that 500 websites were blocked in a single day based on a complaint by the cyber police department without providing any hearing to the owners of these websites. ampx200B [\Screenshot from the ECourt website showing that the order passed by the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate from Mumbai has not been uploaded by the court.\]https//i.redd.it/28x9dksfjec31.png ampx200B The third court order which is publicly accessible was passed by the Uttarakhand High Court in a suo moto writ petition WP PIL No. 158/2018. In this case the Uttarakhand High Court had directed blocking of pornographic websites mentioned in a notification by DoT dated 31.07.2015. However DoT has clarified that out of the 857 websites mentioned in the notification ISPs were only required to block those websites which hosted child pornography. Further the final order dated 07.12.2018 in this writ petition disposed the matter after referring to an existing case in the Supreme Court Kamlesh Vaswani v. Union of India WP Civil No. 177/2013. Interestingly the RTI reply sidesteps two other cases Kamlesh Vaswani v. Union of India and In Re Prajwala SMW Crl No. 3/2015 which may have led to blocking of websites that feature child porn or videos of sexual violence. However to the best of our knowledge these cases have not led to any directions for blocking of pornography websites more generally. ISPs should not block porn proactively ISPs expands to internet service providers not internet service police. The legal position is clear and they should desist from proactive filtering and blocking practices. Moreover the information received by us gives rise to a reasonable inference that the Government is not issuing directions to block porn unless it is child pornography. To us this means that there are no existing directions for proactive blocking of obscene content by ISPs and they should not be doing so without a specific court orders directing them to block individual URLs. Finally we recognize the concerning psychological impact of porn production and consumption but we do believe that when viewed privately it falls within an individuals right to free speech and privacy. This certainly does not include pornography which has minors present in it or is created in the absence of consent. To make and view pornography belonging to both these classes is not only a crime but a deep moral stain that results in long lasting physical and mental harm to the participants who are exploited for its production. We acknowledge that the ethics of mainstream porn production particularly the portrayal of women and other minorities merit study and examination. There have been notable attempts by [Point of View]http//pointofview.org/blog/eroticsindia/pornpanicbanaconversationaboutsexualexpressionpornographysexualexploitationconsent [Centre for Internet and Society]https//cisindia.org/raw/historiesoftheinternet/blogs/lawvideotechnology/xxxfilesinitialencounterswiththeunknown and [Centre for Communication Governance]https//ccgnludelhi.wordpress.com/2014/05/03/whatsproblematicwithpornban/ to promote a better understanding of online pornography through conferences and reports and we hope there is greater conversation on the issue. At present we maintain that pornography production requires greater diversity and strict enforcement to ensure absence of trafficking and labour protection. These are issues beyond the scope of our expertise and we look for leadership from feminist and sex workers rights organisations who are best suited to take the lead on this issue. We will listen and learn. At the same time IFF will do what it does best which is fight for internet freedom and the choice of individual internet users in India. This includes the private consumption of content that is deemed obscene under antiquated colonial laws which should not find space in modern progressive India. Important Documents 1. RTI response received from MeitY dated 08.07.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid11ZjE4RzzfEquweK7WkUYvR6FrfR1CGD\] 2. RTI query sent by IFF dated 30.05.2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1x5RvkBXvld5xaiRsxTabN6pxlfeJCi\] Help us keep the internet free from the moral police. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Do independent freelance developers need to file SOFTEX forms for foreign inward remittances received into their bank accounts: [removed]. What you need to know about the Chennai Water Crisis. ILampFS scam Company gifts Real Madrid match tickets Fitbit watches discounts on villas for favourable ratings. We really need some strict child birth control or at least some awareness: [removed]. New bill could be jackpot for private medical colleges. Auto component industry fears loss of 10 lakh jobs due to prolonged slowdown.. Budget CAG demonstrates how govt relies on offbudget resources to fund deficit. Lok Sabha passes changes to UAPA to allow government to declare individuals as terrorists. Vanakkam Updates on the Aadhaarsocial media linkage and encryption PIL before the Madras HC:  ampx200B https//i.redd.it/0remvkhc48c31.png As some of you may remember the Madras High Court had permitted IFF to intervene in an ongoing public interest litigation regarding linking of Aadhaar with social media accounts. You can read more about why we decided to intervene in this case [here]https//internetfreedom.in/aadhaarlinking/. There was a hearing in the matter today i.e. 24 July 2019 and IFF was represented by its legal team consisting of Suhrith Parthasarthy Arun Mohan and Surasika with our Executive Director Apar Gupta also being present in person. What is at stake This case is extremely important because the Honble High Court is considering a wide remit of issues and not just Aadhaar and social media linking. These include encryption intermediary liability and use of automated tools to take down illegal content. The outcome of this litigation could lead to a change in the product design of major social media platforms because law enforcement agencies want the Honble High Court to direct these companies to devise a mechanism to trace the originator of a message. In this regard a specific proposal has been made by Dr. V. Kamakoti who is a Professor at IIT Madras to include the phone number of the originator of a message whenever a message is forwarded. In its written submission to the Honble High Court IFF has emphasized that any restrictions on the use of social media platforms must be proportionate and they should arise from a deliberative and consultative process that takes into account the concerns of all stakeholders. We have highlighted how changing the product design of social media platforms to include the phone number of the originator of the message would undermine the freedom of speech of internet users. Anonymity is an important part of freedom of speech because otherwise individuals would be too reluctant to discuss controversial subjects in the public domain. The right to anonymous speech is especially important for whistleblowers abuse survivors activists and others belonging to marginalized groups who may face harassment if their identity was disclosed. What happened at todays hearing Today senior legal counsels appearing for WhatsApp and Facebook made extensive arguments on the central point of traceability. On our part we filed and placed a substantive response which addresses a broad range of issues which have arisen including concerns regarding digital surveillance encryption and content takedowns. During oral arguments based on submissions made by the lawyers for social media platforms the Honble High Court expressed the view that it may even examine the existing level of compliance and legal vacuum under the IT Intermediary Guidelines Rules. Prof. Kamakotis technical inputs which formed part of the Governments common report have been directed to be filed by the Honble High Court. This promises to be interesting and we will respond to it. The next date of hearing in this case is 21 and 22 August 2019. Important Documents 1. IFFs submission in response to the Governments common report [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1qBPe5rZaKmFnVLY0O2tWZhw4jpffKDE Dont want every message you send to be fingerprinted and tracked [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Do independent freelance developers need to file SOFTEX forms for foreign inward remittances received into their bank accounts: [removed]. Governance in education going the wrong way. Great economist thought . [Rant] Indias BRUTAL tax for the rich: [removed]. Advise the government call for essays from Indian embassy in the US. [Serious replies only] What is North Indias plan for when the Himalayan rivers become seasonal: This question is basically policy. There will come a time when Himalayan glaciers retreat enough that the great Himalayan rivers dry up in the dry season OctoberApril. Unlike peninsular India there are hardly any lakes in the alluvial north. We cant dam rivers in the plains. What is the long term plan of the Indian Governments to deal with this. Madhya Pradesh budget announces cow welfare fund hikes Haj committee grant. The budget presented by FM Tarun Bhanot also proposes a threefold hike in the honorarium for the priests working in the registered temples.. Draft tenancy law fixes rent agreement rules on rent increase security deposit. Mumbai deserves better: We as the financial capital of the country get NOTHING in return the property rates are one of the highest in the WORLD we pay most of the tax of the country and what do we get ampx200B we get a horrible storm drain which is handled by poor people which causes their death we get a failure of a drainage system every year there is floods no rain water harvesting either slums everywhere all the youth who was born and brought up here today do not have jobs everyone from chennai up bihar bangalore assam all come here to work and the youth has to leave bombay to go and work outside the country the only clean part of the city is sobo side even that is not that clean all we mumbaikars have to show for all our taxes is a sealink and vada pavs ampx200B p.s i made this rant post the budget im paying 42 percent tax and seeing nothing in return id rather shift to some other country man its ridiculous but i guess this is bombay the city of dreams right . Andhra Pradesh first state to reserve 75 private jobs for locals Times of India. ChinaBacked Bank Drops 200 Million Loan For Amaravati Project. The withdrawing of the loan comes less than a week after the World Bank pulled out of its loan too. Andhra govt to give 50 of nominated posts to SCs STs BCs minorities. With this SCs STs BCs and minorities will be provided 50 percent of the posts in government corporations boards societies trusts and market yards.. India enters 37year period of demographic dividend. He sees you when youre sleeping He knows when youre awake He gets your personal data and sells it for your own sake. DystopiaBells:  [img]ldrab12xozb31 Highlights Background While the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill marinates with new and improved changes privy to no one an issue of transparency that has consistently been raised the growing risks to the data of Indian citizens only continues to increase in number. Immediate need for a Data Protection Framework We wrote a representation to the Honble Minister for Electronics and Information Technology asking on the status of the much awaited Data Protection Bill. More importantly what it will look like and why it should be made public prior to its introduction in parliament. Thank you parliamentarians We also wrote to close to ten parliamentarians for not only opposing the Aadhaar Amendment Bill but asking for a rights focused data protection law. Running out of time but never out of slime new and improved ways to threaten your personal data With great power comes great responsibility. The stream of new technologies continuous to remind us of the various ways we are currently left vulnerable only solidifying our need for a data protection law. In light of this we wrote to Minister of Electronics and Information Technology Shri. Ravi Shankar Prasad on the immediate need for a data protection law [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1x9DGhuzf372rzIqFcJwmhx50ieIZHM/viewuspsharing. Right now India is under a privacy onslaught. This comes from several government policies and programs. Here are a few select ones 1. Facial Recognition On June 28 2019 the NCRB released a call for tender inviting bidders to provide Automated Facial Recognition Systems AFRS with the intention of creating a repository of crime and criminal facial data. The RFP for AFRS is alarming it furthers critical privacy violations largescale surveillance and also discriminatory profiling. 2. CCTV Delhi has recently had the privilege of installing over 1.4 lakh CCTV all over the city with the intention of providing security to women. The project is itself illegal as it has no statutory basis to substantiate the violation of privacy under Puttaswamy v. Union of India. In addition there is an absolute lack of transparency in the manner in which this project is advancing but questions of the protection of the storage accessibility and security of such footage continues to remain answered. 3. Social media linking To add to the dynamic nature of our current concerns an order was released by the Indian Higher Education Secretary asking students to link their social media accounts to all higher education institutes HEI as well as the Ministry of Human Resource and Development HRD without regard for the privacy of students and its impact on their freedom of speech and expression. 4. National Economic Survey While an entire chapter in the survey has been dedicated to purely data the approach is extremely concerning. Following the narrative set by the Draft National Economic Policy it treats data as a public good which is at the disposal of the Government to be used in a manner it deems fit. This understanding is fundamentally incorrect as it does not recognise that ownership should remain in the hands of an individual. The Draft Personal Data Bill has still not made its way to Parliament. In addition there is no transparency on the actual content of the Bill in its current form [Read our post on this]https//internetfreedom.in/lestweconsulttoomuch/. As we emphasised in the representation India appears to be settling in quite well within the definition of a digital dystopia. It is with these chilling concerns that we reach out to the Ministry on the immediate need for the Data Protection framework one that is fully rights respecting rather than a mere afterthought. The current Draft Personal Data Protection Bill should maintain its earlier standard and its framework needs to be disclosed in order to ensure that the approach to data as is in proposals such as the Draft National ECommerce Policy and the National Economic Survey do not make individuals data a public good relinquishing the individual of control of their own data. We have requested that the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology proactively engage and ensure the essence of a data protection law as is in several other jurisdictions is maintained. We will continue to engage with all forms of Government in ensuring India receives a data protection legislation that puts it citizens first Important documents Representation to Shri. Ravi Shankar Prasad dated 23.07.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1x9DGhuzf372rzIqFcJwmhx50ieIZHM/viewuspsharing Support us as we SaveOurPrivacy. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Government bars committee members from criticising official stats. Bengaluru reports 65 of Karnatakas dengue cases in two weeks. Bengaluru reports 65 of Karnatakas dengue cases in two weeks. 18 GST on flat owners paying monthly maintenance of over Rs 7500. The Hindu Editorial Cartoonscape July 23 2019 by Poorak Harichandan. India What happens if Chennai runs out of water The Stream. Report of the Committee to propose specific actions to be taken in relation to Virtual Currencies. Govt of India As for pvt cryptocurrencies given the risks associated amp volatility in their prices InterMinisterial Committee has recommended banning of cryptocurrencies in India amp imposing fines and penalties for carrying any activities connected with cryptocurrencies in India.. Women Hold Up Half of GDP Womens Rights and Economic Development in India: [removed]. Final index score of NITI Aayog report on States adversely impacted. Vijay Mallya spotted in the economy class of a flight.. PIL Minimum Education Qualification for people holding Public Offices MLA/MP/Ministers Possible: Is it possible Has anyone tried to do this Not sure why but this seems like a very simple law which can benefit the country vastly.. 9 Killed in Indian Village in Clash Over Land Dispute. Updated report link in comments. My original post was taken down. Govt tells Air India to freeze all appointments promotions Reports. Everything You Need To Know about the Eway Bill A Complete Guide. The rising population of human. Question / Non Political Income tax returns and Aadhar: Hi there Im looking to file my ITR but I havent made my Aadhar yet lets leave the discussion on why not For later I remember last year you could quote dummy Aadhar numbers and file for the ITR. But this year it does not work. Any suggestions on what to do Thanks. Are there Indian regulations that control construction in Riverside or Lake Side properties: [removed]. ONGC flouted safety norms Many accident cases were not reported by the public sector company as required under the law. Indias Budget Road to 5 trilliondollar economy: [removed]. Bihar govt. to give Rs 1.5 lakh to transgenders for sex change operation. State announces jail sentence for those who refuse to give houses on rent to them.. Life of a labour International: Well depicted article explains life of a labour globally even in the developed countries how is the impact and the burden of labours. Prime day impacts as well explained well. https//thewire.in/labour/thelifeoflabouramazonworkersstrikeonprimedayirregularitiesinrajasthansschemes. Thief leave evidence behindhis Aadhar Card. Environment or economy asks Nitin Gadkari. IndiGo Q1 results IndiGo Q1 profit zooms 43 times to Rs 1203 crore on 44 YoY jump in revenue Meanwhile Air India keeps guzzling tax payer money . REPORT Wildlife Inventory and Proposal for Sloth Bear Conservation Reserve in MarihanSukritChunar Landscape of Mirzapur Forest Division Uttar Pradesh. New education policy seeks to junk 102 format highstakes exams. Tim Draper Indian Governments Proposed Bitcoin Ban Bill Pathetic and Corrupt. Big wedding bigger government. 60 of farmers remain out of PM Kisan scheme. AAI has 26 unused airports across the country Minister tells Rajya Sabha The Hindu. Tim Draper Calls Indian Leadership Corrupt and Pathetic For Proposed Ban on Bitcoin. Surprise indirect taxes. Red signal These 10 companies may report loss in June quarter earnings. I wonder what the MHRD is going to do about this.. Prospects for the construction of the International corridor North South: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/xsco4uuej0b31.jpg The Intergovernmental Agreement on the establishment of the NorthSouth transport corridor was signed by Russia India and Iran in September 2000 during the second Eurasian Transport Conference in St. Petersburg. Later due to its attractiveness the list of participants expanded the project included Azerbaijan Armenia Belarus Kazakhstan Oman and Syria. Thus the NorthSouth corridor turned from a trilateral to a multiformat project. ampx200B The importance of the international transport corridor ITC increased every year despite the fact that for several years it was used as a route for transporting goods exclusively between Russia and Iran. The reason was the identified technical difficulties including the limitations of the Iranian port infrastructure which didnt ensure the delivery of cargo volumes to India. Trying to increase it it was found that Irans land transport network isnt ready for this either. It wasnt possible to make the corridor completely overland due to a number of contradictions between New Delhi and Islamabad. In addition the US imposed unilateral restrictive measures against Iran. However the advantages of the corridor over other routes of cargo delivery between Russia and India were obvious. ampx200B For example in comparison with the sea route through the Suez Canal the distance is more than halved and this significantly reduces the cost of transportation and its timing. Therefore the Indian side continued to work on finding options for full participation in this project. As a result after a lengthy negotiation process an agreement was reached on the joint development of the port infrastructure in Chabahar which is considered as one of the main links in the route and is the maritime part of the ITC. Due to the rapid growth of the Indian economy New Delhi was able to allocate about half a billion dollars to develop the infrastructure of the Chabahar port which is used to deliver cargo to the port in Mumbai as well as to develop railway lines in Iran for further communication with the northern part of the route. ampx200B However the USled sanctions policy interfered with the project and threatened India to fall under the unilateral American restrictions because of cooperation with Iran. However with the assistance of Russia this issue was resolved by the Indian authorities and Washington made concessions to New Delhi making an exception for it as part of developing infrastructure in Chabahar and building a road network to Afghanistan. As a result India has ensured contacts with the Iranian and Afghan sides. In December 2018 the Iranian port Shahid Beheshti through which the main shipments were carried out was transferred to the Indians under operational control. At the same time further negotiations are underway on the development of the Iranian railway infrastructure on the area to Afghanistan which requires rails as well as rolling stock. ampx200B The international transport corridor North South is beneficial for India not only as an optimization of cargo transportation with Russia but also as the development of trade relations with the countries of Central Asia. There the interests of India extend to minerals including precious stones and hydrocarbons. At the same time this corridor will allow New Delhi to keep up with Beijing which is actively joining an increasing number of countries in the region to its One Belt One Road initiative and to compete with it and offer an alternative to its partners. The construction of the railway line within the NorthSouth project offers great economic benefits in comparison with other alternative international transport routes. This project will create conditions for more efficient cargo transportation from the Persian Gulf to Europe from the perspective of cargo delivery terms which is certainly beneficial financially.. We might be in the market for a new kind of face mask.: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/72gcmhp0f0b31.png Highlights Background On June 28 2019 the National Crime Records Bureau NCRB invited bids from reputed turnkey solution providers for the implementation of a centralised Automated Facial Recognition System AFRS. Need for established safeguards The proposal to introduce facial recognition into society currently comes with a variety of concerns that need to be addressed first. We write a legal notice to the NCRB with also a covering letter and a copy of the notice to Home Minister Shri. Amit Shah and Home Secretary Shri. Ranjiv Gauba highlighting the features and scope of the AFRS and its unfathomable detriment it could bring about to Indians if implemented. Know your enemy Its important to understand the characteristics the Request for Proposals requires the systems to possess in order to understand how problematic it will be. Our legal notice highlights features which will be covered here in brief to provide basic context. 1. Function The AFRS is intended to be a repository of all crime and criminal related facial data and should be able to identify or verify a person from a variety of inputs ranging from images to videos. 2. Integration The system should be able to be integrated with various other databases such as ICJS CCTNS IVFRT state police integration software in existence or any others. The integration does not stop there it requires the system to be compatible with other biometric solutions such as Iris and AFIS but doesnt specify what these databases are. Might we have yet another Aadhaar worry to add to our frown lines 3. Identification As per requirements of the RFP the system should not only be able to match images from a variety of databases it should also be equipped to capture images from CCTV footage public or private video feeds. As concerning as this sounds theres more. It should also have the ability to tag images uploaded from newspapers raids sketches etc. with identifiers based on sex age scars tattoos consider landmarks features and contours in identifying individuals and also accommodate for images with plastic surgery and make up for accuracy in identification. 4. Technical requirements The aspects that stuck out in the RFP largely related to the need for the system to be compatible with biometric solutions such as Iris and Fingerprint identification systems. It also requires there that there be security in storage user access and authentication 5. Security requirements The bidder is largely responsible for additional measures in maintaining the integrity confidentiality and availability of data that will be stored apart from the established ISO standard prescribed in the RFP. Heres why we arent quite ready for scifi We take a closer look at these not so frightening features and identify concerns with the entire technology itself. Absence of legality The requirement of facial recognition systems does not stem from a statutory basis nor is it a result of the executive power of the Government. Clearly it lacks any sort of legal backing. This is in addition to the violation of privacy it will so flagrantly undermine as it fails to fulfil any of the elements laid down by Puttaswamy v. Union of India 2017 10 SCALE 1 in permitting a violation of privacy. Manifest arbitrariness Beginning to picture the massive invasion of privacy the AFRS will potentially have Especially with its all seeing eye looking at not only databases and databases of images but also strategically located CCTV footage images of newspaper clippings raids sketches etc. all most likely without your knowledge. This kind of enmasse surveillance is bound to bring about a high degree of damage. Studies by MIT and Georgetown and trials conducted the London Metropolitan Police acknowledge that pervasive biases that exist currently within our societies are likely to be mimicked by the algorithms within these systems. Misidentification and discriminatory profiling is the result were looking at if these systems are implements. Apparently the already existing discriminatory practices perpetuated by human beings is no longer enough we must look to AI to continue our dirty work. Absence of safeguards and accountability In light of the above there is currently no legal restrictions or limitations to this technology to ensure its proportional use or afford protection to those it interacts with. Add facial recognition to the on going debate on CCTVs and we have ourselves a full fledged mix of India and China no longer being restricted to the IndoChinese cuisine. Considering the trajectory India appears to be on with mass surveillance and technological perpetuating of discrimination a scarier version of the Orwellian dystopia seems to be right up our alley. We urge the NCRB to take a step back and recall the bidding process for the Automated Facial Recognition System until adequate safeguards that address these various concerns are put into place. This request is also with a disclaimer that failure to do so may cause us to seek remedy in accordance with the law. Important Documents 1. Request for Proposals by the National Crime Records Bureau for Automated Facial Recognition Systems \[[link]http//ncrb.gov.in/TENDERS/AFRS/RFPNAFRS.pdf\] 2. Legal notice to the National Crime Records Bureau \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1XNeqiyjCF0KWbiZB5mRUCtVyyxU2wj2v/viewuspsharing\] 3. Covering letter to the Ministry of Home Affairs and Home Secretary of Home Affairs \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1P9hpMJHFVJC9psbb8ri7CqpolxIhOl2z/viewuspsharing\] All your black mirror nightmares coming true Support us as we fight to restrict dystopias to tv shows and books. [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Water Sanitation and Hygiene in India The Borgen Project. Jalan panel moots transfer of RBIs surplus in tranches over 35 years. How is India Addressing Climate Change:  There is a mixed record in the past decade of how India has tried to address the question of sustainability. Manmohan Singhs government on the one hand resisted the push to reduce emissions while initiating the Clean Environment Cess in 2010. The Coal Cess was doubled in 2016 by the next government. This Cess however was ultimately not very effective since the coal mining companies shifted the costs to the customers. The earnings from this scheme is supposed to go into the National Clean Energy and Environment Fund to be put toward developing clean and renewable energy technologies. However since 2010 only 29 of the money collected was put into this fund and much less into the intended projects. Renewable energy has increased by 47 under the current government. But coal based thermal energy has increased by 18 as well and is expected to be double by 2040. The 2017 Energizing India report by the NITI Aayog paints a bleak future. For instance it says that by 2040 an additional 26 percent of our electricity would come from natural gas which is also a fossil fuel. Presently the strategy is to reduce emissions in relation to the GDP to stay within the Paris commitments. But this is not enough. The Paris commitment itself is insufficient in its goals. Reference [https//caravanmagazine.in/environment/ecologicalmythswarmingclimatesendnature]https//caravanmagazine.in/environment/ecologicalmythswarmingclimatesendnature. India building collapse Rescuers form human chain to search for Mumbai survivors. India Might Be Banning Cryptocurrencies According To Leaked Government Documents. President Urges Tanzanias Women to Set Ovaries Free Have More Babies to Boost Economy. NASA Says Earth Is Greener Today Than 20 Years Ago Thanks To China India. NASA Says Earth Is Greener Today Than 20 Years Ago Thanks To China India: [https//www.forbes.com/sites/trevornace/2019/02/28/nasasaysearthisgreenertodaythan20yearsagothankstochinaindia/4b8d193b6e13]https//www.forbes.com/sites/trevornace/2019/02/28/nasasaysearthisgreenertodaythan20yearsagothankstochinaindia/4b8d193b6e13. Pakistan opens airspace for all civilian traffic Indian flights to operate soon.. The Right to Education in India. Despite a potential 10 year jail sentence people are buying and selling Bitcoin Cash in India using Bitcoin.coms encrypted platform.. Govt readies plan for second wave of asset monetisation. Copyright Infringement Attorney in India Lex Protector Medium. Rupees higher than U.S.Dollar IndianDailyLive. Mauritius Scores a Pyrrhic Victory in the Indian Ocean. EChoupal Internet for Farmers. SBIs Anshula Kant Appointed As Managing Director Of World Bank Group. This 6yearold from India died in the USA desert at the border. CANADA BEAUTY FEELS YOU: [removed]. India lifted 271 million people out of poverty between 2006 and 2016 UN Report. 88 manual scavenging deaths in 3 years. UN appreciated Indias effort to minimize poverty lifted 270 MN from poverty Humanity Oye Good News. India lifted 271 million people out of poverty in 10 years UN. HSBC Stanchart Citi top charts in customer experience Kantar report. Health ministry sets up committee to consider central law against attacks on doctors. 93.5 Lakhs 400 Gram Gold Recovered From Telangana Revenue Officers Home. India air pollution Will Gujarats cap and trade programme work. The Great Legalization Movement India.. Twitter is down worldwide reports claim. Twitter users trying to log on to the social network Thursday arent having much luck. What appears is a message saying Something is technically wrong.. Churchills policies contributed to 1943 Bengal famine study World news. All Your Aadhaar Fears Are Coming True In Assam. Viksha IAS Channel for IAS apirants.. Could a Union of countries in the Indian subcontinent have been a solution for all the cross border problems we have had since: So hear me out on this now there has been a long history of violence spanning the whole sub continent that includes India Pakistan Bangladesh Sri Lanka Nepal and Bhutan. This has subsequently resulted in terrorism and insurgency in majority of these countries. Wouldnt a solution similar to the EU work for the countries in the subcontinent with all the countries in the sub continent developing quickly a common currency that can be used in all of these countries a free border for trade and travel that will finish off border disputes this will reduce tensions between countries aswell. This would reduce violence and would also keep chinese influence off of the countries in the subcontinent. Make the subcontinent union collectively much more economically and militarily stronger. Learning from the EU by not making the mistakes they did like no election of EU representatives in the EU parliament etc.. How 1.7 trillion has gone missing from govts budget. Local authorities can prohibit malls multiplexes from collecting parking fees Gujarat High Court. A Tale of Rogue Pirates Ashok Kumars and ISPs caught in the middle RTI data on court ordered website blocking reveals worrying trends WhatTheBlock:  https//i.redd.it/0e8et2q1km931.png Highlights Background As per RTI data from BSNL 31 cases over two years led to the blocking of more than 4000 websites in India. Most of the cases involve allegations of copyright infringement related to movies. We are making a copy of this response with the text of these orders available. BSNL has only revealed court orders but refuses to provide any directions received from the Central Government for blocking of websites and we will be filing an appeal with the CIC regarding denial of this information. Lack of Due Process Our analysis of the court orders reveals four disturbing trends. First the court orders permit blocking of the entire website and not just specific URLs which host IP infringing content. Second courts have passed the buck to ISPs to determine whether blocking websites listed by the plaintiff is necessary to prevent copyright infringement without independently verifying if these websites host infringing content. Third interim injunctions are granted to block access to websites without providing the website owner an opportunity of being heard. Finally Ashok Kumar orders which were intended to gather evidence against unnamed defendants are being misused for website blocking. Perseverance Pays Off Partly After a long drawn process BSNL has provided IFF access to court orders directing blocking of websites in 2017 and 2018. We had filed two RTI applications with BSNL on 6 March 2019 seeking information about website blocking orders issued by the Central Government and different courts. Both RTI applications were initially rejected by citing the existence of a fiduciary relationship under Section 81e and threat to life and safety of a person under Section 81g of the Right to Information Act 2005. We appealed the rejection of our RTI requests and we were partly successful because BSNL agreed to provide us access to court orders. However it has refused to disclose website blocking orders issued by the Central Government and we intend to challenge this before the Central Information Commission CIC soon. Anatomy of a Website Blocking Court Order We were provided access to 31 court orders in total. Out of these 25 orders were passed by the Madras High Court and the remaining 7 orders were passed by the Delhi High Court. Almost all the court orders relate to unlicensed streaming of copyrighted films TV shows or sports events on websites such as 123 Movies Pirate Bay Put Locker Torrent etc. Approximately 30004000 websites were blocked by each order but there is significant overlap in the websites mentioned by different orders. ampx200B We analysed all 31 court orders and discovered four disturbing trends. i Whole websites and not specific URLs are being blocked All court orders relating to copyright infringement permit blocking of the whole website and they do not limit suspension of access to specific URLs which host infringing content. The list of websites is prepared by the plaintiff with the help of paid investigative agencies and it is accepted by the court without any independent scrutiny. A notable exception to this trend of blocking whole websites is present in the solitary court order relating to trademark infringement which directs blocking of specific URLs selling infringing products on ECommerce platforms like Amazon Flipkart and Snapdeal. Indeed it is difficult to imagine a scenario where a court would mechanically block access to the whole website of a multi billion dollar giant like Amazon. Unfortunately file sharing platforms like Torrent which have been characterized as rogue pirates do not receive the same level of consideration. ii ISPs forced to be Judge Jury and Executioner Most court orders passed by the Madras High Court put ISPs in a tough spot because they are directed to block websites listed by the plaintiff if it is necessary to prevent copyright infringement. This is unacceptable because ISPs are not capable of making such decisions which require application of judicial mind. Whether blocking a website is necessary to prevent copyright infringement will require the ISP to evaluate the genuineness and imminence of the threat vis a vis each website. Since ISPs do not want to waste their resources on individually verifying whether infringing content exists on the thousands of websites listed by the plaintiff they will err on the side of caution and block access to everything. Further there are several exceptions to copyright infringement such as fair use for educational purposes or criticism and ISPs cannot be expected to balance competing interests to determine if the exception is applicable. iii Exparte orders are undermining the adversarial basis of our justice system Out of 31 orders in total 21 orders were passed without any of the defendants or their representatives present. Therefore there was nobody present during the hearing who could challenge the plaintiffs version. This is deeply problematic because our justice system follows an adversarial model which believes in discovering the truth through contestation between opposing parties. In the cases before the Delhi High Court there were four types of defendants owners of named websites which are known to host copyright infringing content owners of unnamed websites which may be hosting copyright infringing content but their identity is not currently known ISPs and government bodies like Department of Telecom. However plaintiffs who had filed their copyright infringement suits before the Madras High Court only impleaded ISPs as defendants. This means that owners of websites which are being blocked have not even been brought on record or served notice. If only ISPs are impleaded as defendants then it is not a genuinely adversarial proceeding because as previously noted ISPs are business entities which would prefer to err on the side of caution and they will not fight for website owners. iv Ashok Kumar orders being misutilized for website blocking For everyone who isnt an intellectual property lawyer an Ashok Kumar order is a court order which restrains a class of persons whose identity is not yet known from infringing the plaintiffs rights. These orders are called John Doe orders abroad. The difference between John Doe orders and website blocking orders has been explained by [Ananth Padmanabhan writing for CIS]https//cisindia.org/a2k/blogs/johndoeordersispblockingwebsitescopyright1 gtThe most crucial point of distinction between these two types of orders is that while John Doe orders speak to the primary infringer website blocking orders impose onerous responsibility on the ISP. John Doe orders as used in India thus far have served the purpose of a blanket search and seize mandate to gather evidence of direct infringement. As seen above the final relief in the suit is granted only against those John Does who are subsequently identified and arrayed as parties to the main suit. Website blocking orders on the other hand amount to granting the final relief at the interim stage itself as access is blocked to web links hosted by unknown persons by taking recourse to the ISP. In some of the court orders that we analysed the judges have failed to appreciate this distinction and they have put the cart before the horse by directing the ISPs to block access to any infringing website upon receiving notice of the same from the plaintiff. The ISPs are required to block access even if the owner of the website was not impleaded as a named defendant or mentioned in the list of websites provided by the plaintiff to the court. Need for due process and proportionate solutions On our blog we have previously written about problems in the website blocking process under the IT Blocking Rules. Most recently we discussed this issue in the context of [blocking of the satirical Dowry Calculator website]https//internetfreedom.in/blockingofsatiricaldowrycalculatorwebsitepromptsustotakeactionwhattheblocksavetheinternet/ for which we had also filed an RTI. Our analysis of the court orders supplied by BSNL reveals that even when websites are blocked by the judiciary there is a lack of due process and natural justice. Website owners are not given notice or hearing before grant of interim injunctions. Further court ordered website blocking is disproportionately broad because it is not limited to specific URLs which host infringing content. File sharing platforms also host legitimate content and cutting off access to the entire website is akin to throwing the baby out with the bathwater. The most troubling trend is the concentration of power in the hands of ISPs who are expected to block websites which may or may not be mentioned in the plaint based on whether it is necessary to prevent infringement. This means that our fundamental right to free speech which is guaranteed by Article 191a of the Constitution is left at the mercy of overly cautious and business minded ISPs. As internet users we are often left wondering why certain websites have been blocked because the notices displayed are cryptic and inconsistent and they do not disclose reasons for suspension of access. This lack of transparency directly impacts our right to receive information which is also a part of Article 191a of the Constitution. Filing RTIs has been an important part of IFFs strategy to unearth information which concretely demonstrates lack of due process and transparency in the website blocking process. If you have ideas about other RTIs we should file write to us Important Documents 1. Table providing a summary of the court orders received as RTI response from BSNL \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1UeVREmfxtyyHZ1DGAK99OEAsLYPbJLAd\] 2. RTI response containing court orders received from BSNL \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1PoilScq9usQhE4Xn3lUZOnuu2wwUL2g\] ampx200B Whether you like Netflix and Chill or Torrents and Tor the internet should be a space for curiosity and access to information. Help us preserve the best bits of the internet [Become an IFF member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. US House passes bill removing 7 countrycap on Green Card Indians may benefit. US House passes Bill removing country cap on Green Card. During Modi 1.0 Over Rs. 4.3 Lakh Crore Worth of Tax Concessions Given to Corporates. India to Build Desalination Plants Along 7800km Coastline NITI Aayog. Socialism just doesnt work: Applicable to many people here gtWhat do you call it when someone steals someone elses money secretly Theft. What do you call it when someone takes someone elses money openly by force Robbery. gt gtWhat do you call it when a politician takes someone elses money in taxes and gives it to someone who is more likely to vote for him Social Justice. gt gtThose who are always accusing people in the private sector of greed almost never accuse government of greed no matter what it does. gt gtThe strongest argument for socialism is that it sounds good. The strongest argument against socialism is that it doesnt work. But those who live by words will always have a soft spot in their hearts for socialism because it sounds so good. gt gtThe welfare state is the greatest confidence racket of all time. The government takes your money in taxes and then turns around and spends some of it to give you things. For this you feel dependent on them when in fact they are dependent on you. gt gtOne of the most dangerous trends of our times is that increasing numbers of people have a vested interest in the helplessness of other people. gt gtHowever emotionally similar envy and resentment may seem their consequences are often very different. Envy may spur some people to efforts to lift themselves up while resentment is more likely to spur efforts to tear others down. gt gtWhen people are presented with the alternatives of hating themselves for their failures or hating others for their success they seldom choose to hate themselves. gt gtNo one will really understand politics until they understand that politicians are not trying to solve our problems. They are trying to solve their own problems of which getting elected and reelected are No. 1 and No. 2. Whatever is No. 3 is far behind. ampx200B By [https//twitter.com/ThomasSowell]https//twitter.com/ThomasSowell. Mumbais new parking rule Fine upto 15000 for wrong parking.: BMC recently announced a new rule for parking in Mumbai. Targeting areas with traffic congestion and those with availability of public parking lots paid or free the fines for parking your vehicle in a no parking spot would attract hefty fines upto 15000 starting 7th July [TOI link]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/mumbaiparkillegallypayuptors15000fromsunday/articleshow/70099436.cms The rule says that fine may be imposed to anyone parking illegally within 500 m radius of a public parking spot. So far 26 such PPLs have been identified by the BMC. List below. I think this is a good rule to ease the roads from traffic congestion. Parking on wrong spots has been a huge traffic menace that leads to jams and ends up wasting many manhours. But some people are voicing out their opinions against it [TOI link]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/mumbailocalsprotestagainstbmcsnewparkingrule/articleshow/70141899.cms. One major concern is that this fine cannot be afforded by the poor and middle class citizens and second is that there is no infrastructure to support the 30 lakh odd cars that Mumbai city has. So such a rule should ideally be preceded by infrastructure improvement. But in BMCs defence the fines will be levied only in those zones that have an availability of public parking lots not the whole city. Its a good place to start with. What do you guys feel about this Is this a good step or you feel this is rushed ampx200B [Public Parking Lot list for the initial implementation of the rule by BMC]https//mumbaimirror.indiatimes.com/mumbai/other/dontknowwheretoparkyourcarpostbmcsnewruleheresalistofauthorisedpublicparkinglotsinmumbai/articleshow/70125931.cms 1 Near Artesia building Lower Parel division 2 Altamount Road Kemps Corner 3 Near Elco Market Bandra 4 BMC Parking Kurla W 5 Near Boomerang building Kurla W 6 Topiwala Market building Kurla W 7 One IndiaBulls Lower Parel 8 Cygnus Tower Santacruz E 9 Lodha Excelus NM Joshi Marg 10 Runwal Green GMLR Nahur 11 Kalpataru Avana building Parel Sewri division 12 Insignia building Santacruz E 13 Runwal Anthurium Mulund W 14 Lodha Supreme building Kanjurmarg 15 Runwal building Nepean Sea road 16 Behind Umiya Mata Mandir Goregaon E 17 Near Oshiwara Metro station Andheri W To open soon 18 Club Aquaria Borivali W To open soon 19 Celestia building Parel Sewri 20 Runwal building Andheri W free parking 21 Near R City Mall Vikhroli W free parking 22 Near Hub mall Goregaon E free parking 23 Next to Kamala Mills SB Road free parking 24 IndiaBulls Finance Center SB Road free parking 25 Vikas Palazzo building Mulund W free parking 26 World Tower SB road free parking. Top Takeaways From Budget 2019 Which Will Impact Students And Millennials. President Urges Tanzanias Women to Set Ovaries Free Have More Babies to Boost Economy. News Budget 2019 In Startups India Finance Minister of India Budget live for Indian Entrepreneurs. Farmer suicides went up despite loan waivers Govt India News Times of India. The Chabahar angle to Iran sanctions. Exclusive RBI Inspection Reports on SBI Reveal Evergreening Windowdressing Coverups and Worse. Raghuram Rajan says how markets and the state plays with economy. Adityanath sets 1trillion economy target for Uttar Pradesh says state has resources to achieve it. High Court In India Says Animals Should Have Same Rights As Humans. Delhi High Court dismisses plea seeking lifting of blanket ban on condom advertisements. Save water from draining to rice and cotton exports .. Rajya Sabha clears Aadhaar Amendments Bill despite lacking data privacy law for years. Rajya Sabha clears Aadhaar Amendments Bill despite lacking of data privacy law for years. Rajya Sabha clears Aadhaar Amendments Bill despite lacking a data privacy law. The Mystery Of The Missing Rs 1.7 Lakh Crore In Indias Budget. Indias water crisis caused by misallocation mispricing than actual scarcity says report. Union Budget Customs duty blow to print media. Rajya Sabha too clears Aadhaar amendment Bill. Indias PNB Slides After Reporting Suspected Fraud at Bhushan. Additional tax burden on superrich is flawed goes against Narendra Modis claim of kamdars over naamdars Firstpost. Rights Violations in Contested Kashmir Continue Unchecked U.N. Report Says. New Budget Old Outcome. The best article in the papers about the budget. Sensex Nifty battered by budget outcome global rout. Detected 38 billion rupee fraud PNB. Legal Notice for Copyright Infringement US lexprotector1. More Than 5 lakh Chartered Accountants Needed in Agriculture Sector Minister Venkatrao Nadagouda. Does India Get A Lot of Flak Because Her Economists Are Fiscally Conservative: [removed]. By 2030 India will lose 5.8 of its working hours because it will be too hot to labor outsidethats the equivalent of 34 million jobs.. Labour reforms public expenditure on infra to boost economy says Sitharaman. How to report on genderbased violence. How premium bikes have beat the sluggish economy. [AskIndia] [Policy amp Economy] Books or Sources for investment planning and Financial Education: I want to start working on financial independence. I earn sufficient now to do that. I just completed reading Rich Dad Poor Dad half way through I realised lot of the content is for American tax system. I still read through the whole book and it has been helpful. I want to know if there are any sources that are meant for aspiring investors in India. Sorry if Im posting this in wrongly Ive read the rules and done my best to be as informative about my intent.. PNB reports over Rs 3805 crore fraud by Bhushan Power amp Steel Ltd. Bhushan Power amp Steel Ltd PNB reports over Rs 3805 crore fraud by Bhushan Power amp Steel Ltd. Inspired from the article posted here. Had to.. Satsang For Moksh. Anyone else feel that the way the Indian penal code defines rape is highly controversial Like the definition of defamation and the fact that women cant be brought to a police station only for questioning: Im not supposed to give my opinion. BUT Rape should be made a gender neutral offense and a person should only be tried in court for defamation if the degradatory statement they are making is not true. Women should have equal responsibilities if they wanna have equal rights. They shouldnt have a free get out interrogation card just because they are women and more laws should be put into place to prevent discrimination of LGBTQ communities.. Roadmap. 50 bank accounts lie dormant how has Modi govt fared in financial inclusion. Indians are getting richer faster than people of any other economy but theres a problem. Doubling Farmer Income by 2022. The 5 trillioneconomy goal is a dangerous distraction for India. World Bank classification India is still a lowermiddleincome nation while Sri Lanka grows richer. Indian Rupee vs Pakistani Rupee ComparisonWhich is Stronger Currency. Countrys highest effective income tax rate touches 42.7. Union budget 2019. UNION BUDGET 201920 OF INDIA UNDERSTAND IN SHORT BudgetForNewIndia. Expect 8 growth from this year Union finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman. Income Tax Budget 2019 Govt Gives Tax Benefits to Middle Class on Loans Super Rich to be Taxed More. India to ease foreign investment rules in push for 5tn economy. Nirmala Sitharamans budget Budget. PANAadhaar interchangeability. As they said. Union Budget 2019 Benefits woman got from budget Humanity Oye Good News. Union Budget Petrol price to rise by Rs 2.5 diesel by Rs 2.3 after tax hike Times of India. Telangana procures record 77.5 lt paddy in 201819. Budget 2019. Chief Economic Advisor Krishnamurthy Subramanian on FM Nirmala Sitharaman keeping budget documents in four fold red cloth instead of a briefcase It is in Indian tradition. It symbolizes our departure from slavery of Western thought. It is not a budget but a bahi khataledger. Nirmala Sitharamans budget. Original Highlights from the Budget Speech: Highlights from the Budget Speech ampx200B I took these down as the speech was made in the Parliament. If you are forwarding this please provide attribution. ampx200B Possible impact on personal finance ampx200B Model Tenancy Law to provide better relationship between owner and tenant Payment platform for MSMEs for payments from government Action plan to deepen market for long term bonds and corporate bonds Multiple proposals to make listing of corporate bonds easier Social exchange for NGOs and voluntary organizations to raise capital Measures to ease access to treasury bills from demat accounts 100 FDI in insurance intermediaries note not insurance companies FPIs can buy REIT InvIT PIS to be merged with FPI for NRIs... Specific measures for rural population ampx200B Target for 100 household coverage for gas and electricity by 2022 PMAYGrameen to target 1.95 cr houses in next few years 114 days is the average duration for constructing a home 97 of feasible habitations connected by all weather roads. Phase 3 would upgrade 1.25 lakh km of roads Ease of doing business to be extended to farmers too zero budget farming to be extended nationwide Water supply to all rural households by 2024 Internet connectivity to every panchayat Specific measures for urban areas ampx200B PMAYUrban progressing well 81 lac sanctioned and 24 lac have been handed over 1 crore downloads of Swachatha app SPVs for suburban rail National Education Policy to be implemented National Research Foundation to fund research will collate all related funds from different ministires Online education to be promoted Specific measures for the economy Basaveswaras Vachanas have been quoted here ampx200B Proposal to streamline multiple labour laws to four labour codes This is huge A TV channel for startups to be designed by startups Startup India to be continued till 2025 LED bulbs to be almost universal soon Solar stoves and batteries to be popularized Interest subversion scheme for Women SHGs to be extended to all districts overdraft of 5000 for every SHG member NRIs with Indian passports to get Aadhaar 17 iconic tourist sites to be developed as world class sites NPAs reduced by 1 lac crore 4 lac crore recovered via IBC 70000 capital infusion into PSU banks Partial guarantee for banks if they buy pooled assets of NBFCs Additional steps to help NBFCs to raise capital Regulation of HFCs to go back to RBI from NHB 105000 disinvestment target Indias sovereign external debt to gdp is 5 govt would borrow more from abroad Taxation measures Starts with a Tamil poem roughly Even a part of a small farm can feed an elephant but not if the elephant itself enters the farm... ampx200B ELSS like scheme for ETFs Direct tax revenues went up by 78 in five years 25 corporate tax slab extended to companies with an annual turnover of 400 crores covers 99.3 companies GST on electric vehicles from 12 to 5 1.5 lac per year 2.5 lac overall tax deduction on interest towards loan for electric vehicles 35AD section to cover more sectors solar batteries etc. Self declaration from startups would ensure no scrutiny from IT department No valuation required for shares issued to Catergory II AIFs Home loans for \affordable homes\ to have tax deduction of 3.5 lacs Section 80EE Incentives for IFSCs working in GIFT city STT to be removed except for options Proposal to make PAN and Aadhhar interchangeable for tax filing Prefilled tax returns to be provided for many salaried taxpayers Australia and other countries follow this Faceless eassessment to begin from this year for some scrutiny cases 2 TDS for cash withdrawals of gt1 cr from bank accounts Business lt50cr turnover to offer cashless payment to customers No charges or MDRs for transactions on UPI NEFT RTGS etc. Full rebate for taxable income upto 5 lacs Please note that this does not benefit people in higher tax brackets Surcharge for individuals earnings 2c and 5cr Many easier provisions for GST einvoice to be launched and may do away with the need for eway bills Basic customs duty removed for defence procurements BCD increased for many items increased quite a few items of usage 5 duty on imported books Duty exemption for many raw materials Additional duty and cess on petrol and diesel Increase in duty for gold and precious metals 10 to 12.5 Dispute resolution scheme for preGST disputes still pending Fiscal Deficit is 3.3. Urjit Patel blames govt RBI and banks till 2014 for bad loan mess. Economic Survey Aadhaar aided MGNREGS beneficiaries. Union Budget 2019: Please use this thread for all the discussions about Union Budget 2019. Other threads regarding same topic will be removed. Watch the budget unfolding LIVE on https//www.indiabudget.gov.in Live updates [Moneycontrol]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/indiaunionbudget2019livespeechliveupdatesnirmalasitharamannarendramodibudgethighlightsincometaxslabrailwaybudgetbudgetannouncementseconomicupdates4172211.html [News 18]https//www.news18.com/news/business/unionbudget2019livespeechupdatesnirmalasitharamannarendramodibudgethighlightsincometaxslabrailwaybudgetbudgetannouncements2217843.html [Times of India]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/budget2019liveupdatesnirmalasitharamanbudgethighlights/liveblog/70081506.cms [Firstpost]https//www.firstpost.com/business/budget2019liveupdatesfinanceministernirmalasitharamantopresentmaidenunionbudgetindiatodayat11aminparliamentheresfullspeechandhighlights6930981.html [Financial Express]https//www.financialexpress.com/budget/budget2019liveupdatesnirmalasitharamanunionbudgetindia2019speechmodigovernment/1629062/ [NDTV]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/unionbudget2019liveupdatesnirmalasitharamantopresent1stbudgetofpmmodisnewgovernment2064428. Three lessons that India can learn from Telanganas historic Kaleshwaram Project. Economic Survey 2019 leans liberally on the wisdom of sages scientists and statesmen. Economic Survey 2019 Highlights Economy poised for takeoff says CEA. Meghalaya ordered to pay 100 crore fine allowed to restart coal mining. The National Green Tribunal had fined Meghalaya in January after a threemember committee headed by retired Justice BP Kakoti of the Gauhati High Court found that a majority of the 24000 mines in the state were illegal.. Economic survey 201920. Economic Survey 201819. The Bogibeel Bridge in India. Economy to grow at 7 pc in 201920 but faces several fiscal challenges next year Survey. Economic Survey urges freer labour laws to create jobs cites Rajasthan example. Corporate defaulters Bankruptcies Is India heading for a slowdown: While Stock Markets are at a high but looking at the GDP unemployment number Corporate defaulters Bankruptcies. Is India headed for economic uncertainty and eventual slow down Are we looking at another 2008. Economic Survey 2019 tabled in Parliament Key highlights. Indias Economy Likely to Grow at Healthy 7 Govt Says. India says Iran oil imports not stopped. India Rising One Nation One Election. Did you know. Inheritance tax likely to make a comeback in Union Budget 2019 say reports. Drug innovation and local manufacturing Under Make in India: [removed]. Punjab District Wise Per Capita Income 201516 Current Prices. UP govt initiates action against 600 corrupt officers. CBI turns up the heat on bank fraudsters conducts raids in 50 places across country. Finance Minister on Demonetisation. SC to translate orders in vernacular languages for nonEnglish speakers. Demonetisation Had No Effect On Indian Economy Nirmala Sitharaman. Is there a case for free rides for women. Demonetisationhadnoeffectonindianeconomynirmalasitharaman. Committee of CMs to discuss measures for transforming agriculture. Deficit rainfall leads to declining sugarcane acreage. Govt Screwed Us Crypto Startup Founder Writes An Open Letter To PM. Air India doesnt have funds to pay employee salaries beyond October. UGC launches new initiative to nurture socially relevant research. Centre launches nationwide water conservation scheme. ONGC discovers 230 million tonnes of oil reserves Dharmendra Pradhan.. Salaried Indians dont need big hike in standard deduction says finance ministry. 7th Pay Commission Center may hike minimum pay of central govt employees . Surprise West Bengal Tops In Average Ticket Size From Startup Indias Fund of Funds. Uttarakhand District Wise Per Capita Income 201516 Current Prices. Himachal Pradesh District Wise Per Capita Income 201516 Current Prices. No bank has power to employ bouncers to recover loans says government. New investment plunges to a 15year low. Online fund transfers via NEFT and RTGS to cost less as charges are removed. Not just a 5 tn economy India needs these by 202425. How selling cereals is actually exporting water. As GST turns 3 Centre promises more reforms. The perfect anime crossover doesnt exi... Andhra Pradesh Recruitment: AP has released the new notification for volunteers in their respective places in Andhra pradesh.. Indian Drama Of Decentralized Currencies Should Cryptocurrency Be Legalised In India. Indias science and technology funding Time for a rethink. Centre freezes advertisements to the Times Group ABP Group and The Hindu Report. IMA Ponzi Scam. Do I need to pay tax if I worked as a freelancer: I work as a freelancer and received payments via paypal and direct bank transfer from USA to my bank account via worldremit. So do I need to pay tax and is there any upper limit for freelancer which makes them exempted from tax. Latest News Breaking News Current Affairs and GK. Tamil Nadu District Wise Per Capita Income 201314 Current Prices. After Bikes Karnataka Transport Dept Calls For Halt Of Pooling Services By Ola Uber. ASSOCHAM seeks liquidity infusion investment sops in Budget. Latest News Breaking News Current Affairs and GK. EACPMs committee makes recommendations on beekeeping. Fiscal deficit touches 52 of full year target in first 2months. Karnataka govt moves to hike ST reservation. Not a single Pune Rera court order executed in last 15 months. India likely to pay for Russian arms in euros to bypass US sanctions Report.  5 1 duniya mein sheersh 5 sabase khataranaak havaee adde. hamaare paas 1 hai. India needs a constructed language: The Hindi supremacy arguement is well known. Issuing announcements in multiple languages is resource inefficient. English IS a foreign language and a remainant of our colonial past. The three language education is also a bit of problem for kids with dyslexia and language learning problems. Similar to Esperanto we need a constructed language which encompasses our diversity and at the same time instill unity. Oh wise Indians Linguists in particular Do we have a solution How ambitious would it be to make one. Rajya Sabha passes bill allowing trusts to set up units in SEZs. Trade war looms over G20 as Trump attacks India over tariffs. Govt working towards one nation one ration card Paswan. Maratha quota valid but needs to be cut to 1213 says Bombay HC. Trade war looms over G20 as Trump attacks India over tariffs. India wins solar case against US at WTO. Trade tensions with India and China put California almond growers at risk. Indians can worry less as the US denies capping H1B visa quota. One Nation One Election Listen to This Young Girl.. Dignity of Labour What is it really. Tata Salt Contains Poison US Lab Report. The Madras HC allows our intervention in the Aadhaar and Social Medial linking petition.:  https//i.redd.it/d07k09qtkv631.jpg Highlights Background Two writ petitions were filed in the Madras High Court in July 2018 praying for the interlinking of Aadhaar with social media for identity authentication purposes. We were deeply concerned with this development and decided to intervene. Intervention time Given the relevance of these cases IFF goes to Court for the 6th time continuing its fight for the right to privacy of the citizens of India amongst various other concerns. Our stand in court is to protect user privacy prevent surveillance but also to address the harms and regulatory issues such as endtoend encryption which are of concern to the Honble Court. Rest assured all our submissions are to advance digital rights and the constitutional values / Why we decided to intervene. Information is necessary for a well functioning society. However it also carries power and creates social structures. For instance social media while making sure all of us remain connected is no longer merely a way to stay in touch. It has become a way of life and permits a wider functionality. This also carries risks and harms. Many social media platforms today are rife with abuse misinformation and illegal content. It is undermining the demos of Indian democracy. A solution which has been posed in the Madras High Court is linking the real world identities government IDs such as Aadhaar with social media accounts. Concerned by these developments in early June 2019 we filed two interventions in Antony Clement Rubin v. Union of India amp Ors W.P. No. 20774/2018 and Janani Krishnamurthy v. Union of India W.P. No. 20214/2018. This is in our continuing work in approaching and assisting courts all over India in matters related to technology and fundamental rights. In the hearing today our intervention application was accepted by the Honble High Court of Madras. We thank our counsels Arun Karthik Mohan and Suhrith Parthasarathy for their representation. // Why linking Aadhaar to social media is terrible. Aadhaar being linked with our social media accounts Heres why we think this would result in a terrible outcome. Increased power of social media companies over users It would undermine the right to privacy in several ways. At present we can only visualise a few and as we very well know with technology based policy interventions the outcomes are often much worse and the threats only multiple when user rights are not considered at the outset. For instance it would allow social media companies to gather deeper more granular information about their users. A government ID especially one such as Aadhaar which has a common identifier would permit them to link the personal data on the social media platform more easily. This would result in more pervasive dossiers of social media users available to the highest bidder who can serve us then with ads across platforms. Not to mention it would also increase the harms to speech by chilling dissenting voices. Troubling legality This also becomes troubling neatly on the legality of the proposal. As per us the private use of Aadhaar remains problematic as indicated by the Honble Supreme Court. This becomes incredibly dangerous when it is mandatorily linked to our social media accounts. All this is happening while we are still governed by deficient safeguards that were devised for telephone tapping applied to digital surveillance by the government. In a related matter to reform the safeguards for government surveillance which is at present occurring without any judicial oversight we have made a constitutional challenge through a petition in the Supreme Court of India by filing Internet Freedom Foundation v. Union of India W.P. C. No. 44/2019 \[Soon coming up for hearing on July 2 2019\]. Increased risk to minors and women Linking real world identities may counter intuitively also contribute to the spreading of misinformation abuse and threats which not only result in a direct attack against our democracy but also allows for individualised harms which more often come through to women and children. Women other persons as well especially individuals from vulnerable groups in India quite often have adopted pseudonyms on social media to avoid censure from family acquaintances or wider social judgement. Linking their Aadhaar to their social media accounts would tremendously increase informational risks even rising to the level of threats to their physical security. /// A short statement on todays developments IFFs executive director Apar Gupta stated that We are grateful to the Honble Madras High Court for permitting us to make submissions given the vexed issues of Aadhaar and social media linking. This was possible due to the submissions of our counsel Suhrith Parthasarthy who is advising and representing us in this case. He also indicated the larger issues before the court on which we plan to engage in future hearings. Given the pervasive use of social media in our lives and the existing tools to harvest and utilise data for marketing purposes not to mention individualised advertisements the entire gathering of personal data itself has been a constant cause for concern in the law few years. Adding Aadhaar to this cocktail for the purpose of verification of identity would arguably create further harm. This case also concerns issues of online abuse misinformation which can contribute to challenges to social order and when law enforcement is deficient even violence. Hence the Honble Court has also in recent hearings been considering issues of intermediary liability and endtoend encryption. On all these issues IFFs staff will work with care to ensure submissions are made to safeguard and protect the digital rights of every social media user in India. In continuance with IFFs mission we will keep approaching courts in a systematic and planned manner to ensure the protection of the fundamental rights of every India. Transparency is a hallmark in all of IFFs work. Hence as with all our filed case pleadings even a copy of the intervention application is made public and is available in the link below. The next date for hearing in this case is July 26 2019. Important documents Intervention Application W.M.P No. 16726 of 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1yrhnSe8Ve1lZYuPzsgmKAN8B1jwHhf in Antony Clement Rubin v. Union of India amp Ors W.P. No. 20774/2018 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1UAxPH0XTLTRHdhs5PnoMV365eLD3B8d Intervention Application WMP No. 16663 of 2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1985S4A1XuCrnZwEe67XdNcUR3tpZ1Nh in Janani Krishnamurthy v. Union of India W.P. No. 20214/2018 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid14vMpTUwi21IAPu6QEYhAKzRrdVAK6Xf9 Last order by the Honble Madras High Court on October 31 2018 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1bpxL0Ll0dKyYokyBdO2Xe5fLaNrtaT3T Order of the Honble Madras High Court on June 27 2019 currently unavailable. Glad were fighting against Aadhaar Help support us [Become an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Trump Lambasts Indias Unacceptable Tariff Hike Before Meeting Modi at G20 Summit. How marketing campaigns boost vocational training in rural India. How biofuel saved worth Rs 5070 cr forex in a year. NSIC to enhance new offerings through CSCs. India reportedly wants to build its own WhatsApp for government communications. 1332 high price Medicines are regulated by government including cancer heart decease and sugar Humanity Oye Good News. Missing secularism in new education policy. Gandhi was not a stupid idealist but strong on economics: [removed]. Opinion Seize the chance. Guys anyone or have relatives planning to migrate to Canada Heres my inspiring PR story its good to learn from others experience and mistakes so we dont do it again. Please turn ON the Subtitle. Preparation is the key . Bhopal Gas Tragedy Tale Of Huge Cost Cuttings That Led To A Massive Disaster. Semiarranged marriages partially replacing arranged marriages in India UN report. India State Wise Per Capita Income 201516 in 201112 Constant Prices. CHENNAIS WATER CRISIS Actor amp Environmentalist Leonardo Dicaprio shared his views. 55 AsiaPacific countries including Pakistan China endorse Indias bid for UNSC nonpermanent seat. A scheme like Nyay would create utter chaos in rural economy especially in farming: Most small scale and even medium scale farmers are dependent largely on manual labour for most of the farm related work. With small farm holdings less that 10 acres it becomes impractical to use heavy farm machinery. As of now farmers are facing a shortage of labourers due to various reasons. Primarily that rural youth do not want to work in farms anymore. They would rather stay unemployed rather than work in fields. And I do not blame them for this. Otherwise they would rather come to cities and work on jobs like security guards etc. Due to this there is an acute shortage of farm labourers. I am speaking of this from personal experience of having a farm in vidarbha guess the situation will not be very different in other parts. This has led to cartelisation of workers with their managers dictating the prices and availability to the farmers. Earlier many farmers relied on help of other farmers families to get things done. But now with diversification and mass migrations this is no longer possible. A minimum income scheme will make the little available manual workforce ever scarce and expensive. Why would people toil in the fields and farms when they will get approximately the same money by sitting at home And this will certainly spell doom for small scale farmers who are dependent on manual labour for almost all of their needs.. Health Index Kerala Andhra best performers Bihar and UP worst shows NITI Aayog report. Agriculture needs 1991like reforms push. Labyrinthine disclosures. Rajasthan Andaman West Bengal house best police stations in India says MHA survey. India warns foreign ecommerce firms like Amazon Flipkart over discounts sources. UN Report Women Too Often Suffer Violence in Families. Railways on track to get private players on some busy routes up to 500 km. Drink driving may soon attract a fine of Rs 10000. Govt may deliver 1cr houses 2 years before 2022 date India News Times of India. Indians on an average have six best friends Snapchat Friendship Report. Snapchat Friendship Report Indians on an average have six best friends This is the third highest figure in the world after Saudi Arabia and UAE: [deleted]. Mehul Choksi may get repatriated soon are Nirav Modi and Vijay Mallya next. 490 billion in black money stashed abroad by Indians till 2010 Report Times of India . Kerala best state on health parameters UP ranks worst NITI Aayog report. Kerala Best State On Health Parameters Uttar Pradesh Ranks Worst NITI Aayog Report. Richest 1 Indians own more than half of countrys total wealth says report. Hyderabad the next innovation address of India. Foreign Minister announces launching of EPassport services Social Oye Good News. India plans to offer incentives to companies moving from China. The purpose of Public in Public Consultation lest we merely consult.:  https//i.redd.it/ll13230o2g631.png Highlights Background The Draft Data Protection Bill was released for public consultation on August 14 2018. While there have been several submissions they were not made public. The Bill was not passed in the 2018 winter session of Parliament that it was initially introduced but press reports confirm it will be listed in this session of parliament. Need for transparency As this Bill moves toward becoming law concerns grow with the not only visibility of its current state but also with its preexisting content. IFF writes to Minister of Electronics and Information Technology Shri Ravi Shankar Prasad emphasising the need for transparency. Furthering the right kind of Privacy The public consultation that took place in August 2018 for the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill did not result with the submissions made by various stakeholders being made public. Essentially this defeats the purpose in providing information that would enable us to make better responses to any suggestions that would result in the dilution of privacy protections in India. IFF filed two RTIs with the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on October 16 2018 to understand the purpose in maintaining such secrecy. We asked for information of those who made submissions to the public consultation and the content of the submissions and if anyone else that may have aided the process of drafting the law or reviewing the submissions. However we only received the number of submissions to the bill which was a total of 624 without their actual text being made public while the second query was blatantly rejected on the unavailability of information with the concerned Central Public Information Officer. While awaiting responses to Second Appeals filed with the Central Information Commission it seemed necessary to write to Honble Shri. Ravi Shankar voicing our concerns [Read about it here]https//drive.google.com/openid0B3J0iAyRzCGxbFI0dVBEMlRSMEFfd244am9uaUs5blQ0eGhN. Our representation reiterates the need for transparency in the public consultation procedure. The Draft Personal Data Protection Bill will most definitely revolutionise the current state of the industry this requires that the industry and various other stakeholders be made aware of the current state of the Bill that is intended to be passed by Parliament. IFF will continue to advocate for the privacy of the Indian citizens the first step in this journey is to ensure compliance with the Prelegislative Consultation Policy formulated by the Cabinet of Secretaries. We request that the procedure set by the policy involving at the very least a summary of the submissions provided. As we hope our request is given due consideration IFF continues ensure data protection and privacy moves to forefront as is needed in this day and age. Important documents Representation to Shri. Ravi Shankar Prasad dated 22.06.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid0B3J0iAyRzCGxbFI0dVBEMlRSMEFfd244am9uaUs5blQ0eGhN Help us fight for your privacy [Become an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Govt Investigations Into Muzaffarpur AES Deaths Show a Health System in Shambles Due to the Lok Sabha elections the Bihar government also skipped awareness drives about AES this year.. Number of wilful defaulters has surged 60 in 5 years. UK falling behind in race to engage with India warns UK Parliament enquiry. Chipenabled epassports on govt priority list. India v/s Developed countries Indias conundrum and stance on agriculture subsidy: [removed]. Modi Needs to Realise Whats Good for the US Is Not Good for India. Viral Acharya. A longterm vision for universal eyecare. UK falling behind in race to engage with India warns UK Parliament inquiry. And we cant stop and we wont stop saveourprivacy continues:  https//i.redd.it/s6svmpxyt9631.png This session of Parliament welcomes with open arms certain laws weve been quite concerned about. This includes amendments to the Aadhaar Act the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill 2018. This timeline coincides with the proposed amendments to the draft Information Technology Intermediaries Guidelines Rules 2018. All this may seem like dull legal mumbojumbo which it often is however these legal changes and proposals has a real direct and severe impact on your privacy. When we launched the SaveOurPrivacy campaign we made a public commitment to you to keep fighting to ensure it is protected and over the past few months we have kept busy serving it Heres a few highlights to catch up with what weve been stirring 1. Public Engagement and informing analysis We have continuously engaged not only through our submissions to public consultations but through our posts that summarise these issues with explainers. Aadhaar Amendment We have been coordinating with our friends over at the Rethink Aadhaar campaign. This includes spending time in devising strategy lending resources collaboration to increase visibility. Intermediaries Rules Some proposed changes to these rules has every intention will restrict not only your freedom of speech and expression but by measures such as breaking encryption endanger your right to privacy [Read about it here]https//internetfreedom.in/weurgemeitytopressrebootontheintermediaryrulessaveourprivacyrighttomeme/. The Draft Personal Data Protection Bill This proposed law may be introduced in the present session of parliament. It contains various gaps that need addressing before it is turned into legislation ranging from a number of exceptions provided to the Government to the lack of provisions that deal with surveillance reform and protection of children online [Read about it here]https//internetfreedom.in/saveourprivacyinitialstatementonjusticesrikrishnacommitteereport/. 2. Redrafting the Indian Privacy Code This has been a hell lot of work SaveOurPrivacys model code on privacy has undergone the process of a complete redraft. To ensure we do this well we held a a roundtable with some of the best legal counsels and academics to ensure the code is equipped to address further issues of data protection privacy and surveillance. We will be releasing this version publicly by the end of this week with an explainer. 3. Fighting in the courts In our fight against mass surveillance we have challenged the surveillance practices of Government through a writ against the Ministry of Home Affairs [Read about it here]https//internetfreedom.in/theministryofhomeaffairsdelegatessnoopingdecryptionhackingpowersabrogatesresponsibilityandundermineprivacy/. Parts of our work also included assisting in devising litigation strategy and coordination with the Peoples Union for Civil Liberties PUCL. More recently we sent a legal notice to the Delhi Government against the illegal CCTV project [read more about it here]https//internetfreedom.in/legalnoticetothedelhigovernmenttoimmediatelyhaltcctvinstallations/. 4. Filing RTIs. Ensuring transparency In ensuring we cover all grounds we filed a number of RTIs with the Central Government with queries on the Personal Data Protection Bill [Read about it here]https//internetfreedom.in/untitled2/ and surveillance powers of the Ministry [Read about it here]https//internetfreedom.in/wewontgiveupiffapproachescicagainstmhasrefusaltodisclosesurveillancefigures/. We have filed many many more RTIs and will be announcing our larger advocacy plan on using transparency to ensure that the surveillance powers of government are exercised with proper safeguards and judicial and parliamentary oversight This is definitely not the end of it. As we continue to carry these on our plan towards protecting your digital rights in light of the impending passing of these proposals will fully rest on these themes. Positively engage all government institutions with optimism and courage IFF will continue to engage with the Government and parliamentarians in order to urge the transparency prevails through the disclosure of the full contours of the Data Protection Bill to its introduction in Parliament. At the same time we will continue to fight in courts send notices and file RTIs. Focus on interests of the individual as articulated by the fundamental rights of the Constitution of India We will make every effort to ensure that any legal proposals or changes protect individuals like you We will work tirelessly to ensure that each government programme or private use impacting privacy is rights oriented by making sure dangerous proposals such as mandatory indefinite data retention and breaking encryption as suggested by the Intermediaries Rules do not proceed. Yes we can do more and have more impact But we cannot do this alone. We welcome all offers of collaboration and support One good way to support the SaveOurPrivacy campaign is to become a IFF member. This is not only a financial contribution which helps us hire staff pay salaries and do work systematically over the long term but also adds strength to our submissions and interactions with government and public officials. SUPPORT US AS WE SAVEOURPRIVACY. [BECOME AN IFF MEMBER TODAY]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. AND WE CANT STOP AND WE WONT STOP SAVEOURPRIVACY CONTINUES...: [removed]. GSTs performance versus promise. Viral Acharya quits as RBI Deputy Governor six months before end of his term. PSA Ministry of Human Resource Development Government of India is seeking inputs and suggestions on the Draft National Education Policy NEP 2019 from citizens.. Why The World Should Be Watching Indias FastGrowing Cities. Asia Pacific trade pact can go on without India for the time beingMalaysian PM Mahathir...... Libra a USD EUR JPY and GBP basket could undermine Indias monetary independence:  [https//techcrunch.com/2019/06/23/whosgoingtousethebigbadlibra/]https//techcrunch.com/2019/06/23/whosgoingtousethebigbadlibra/ Surprised more people on this sub arent aware of Libras threat to Indias monetary independence. The point of Libra is to have a financial ledger controlled by Facebook and other nonIndian corporations which determines the savings balances of 2.4 billion Facebook users globally. Units on that ledger would be drawn against a basked of dollars euros yen and pounds which means those Libra users would in effect own those currencies and use them to transact or store wealth. India is home to the largest group of Facebook users in the world. However Indias currency the rupee is not represented in the Libra currency basket which means if Indian users adopt Libra they would create a shadow economy beyond regulatory reach demonetization would not be possible and which accelerates currency flight by giving individuals a way to much more conveniently convert their salaries to foreign currency. Taken to an extreme by sapping Indias financial sector and exacerbating Indias current account deficit it could hobble Indias finances to the same extent as Pakistans is today. It doesnt seem like the government has issued an opinion on this yet. What do you think they should do. Industrial output contracts 0.1 in March to lowest in 21 months as manufacturing sector growth slows down. India Rejects U.S. Report on Attacks on Minority Muslims. India expect to overtake China as most populous country within a decade UN report finds. The money crisis in Pakistan A Mess. South Indian states combined GDP is 1.2 trillion USD equaling a GDP per capita of nearly 5000 USD. For Every 100 Rupees We Give How Much We Get Back. IT companies notice period: [removed]. The Dharavi Slum Redevelopment Project. How free is Indias economy: Post1991 liberalisation and 2017 dissolving if the Planning Commission is Indias economy still socialist like the Constitution says it is Rate Indias economy from 1 to 10 1 being laissezfaire capitalism and 10 being communism where do you think Indias economy is. Reporters Without Orders Ep 71 Encephalitis deaths in Bihar Sudan crisis Ind vs Pak match amp more Newslaundry. Not you too US warns India against Russian S400 ahead of Pompeos visit. Over 12000 suicide deaths by farmers in three years Deshmukh 610 deaths reported between January and March this year. Pakistan airspace to open only if India promises to not repeat Balakot. Considering waiving off conditions that forbid Indias deal with member States NSG. Why didnt Nehruvian Socialism/Mixed economy work: First of all I would like to say I have never studied economics and dont understand it very much either. So if possible ELI5. All I have seen since I became politically aware a few years ago is that there are people in America and India fighting about whether Socialism is good or Capitalism is good. Here is what I have gathered so far Nehru was influenced by Europe. So he chose the European model which is socialism as I have read to implement in new India after independence in contrast to American model which was capitalistic. It helped start India but India lagged behind other developing nations progress was slow. Then in 1990 economic liberalization happened and we became capitalistic. Our economy got a boost. So as people claim Nehrus socialism didnt work. However European countries are rich and successful nations thats what I have heard even though are are kinda socialistic i.e. a Mixed Economy which combines socialism and capitalism. I have heard from other sources that Nehruvian socialism was actually mixed economy and not hardcore socialism like say Soviet Union. I have also heard that under Barack Obama USA was a mixed economy too. If thats the case why didnt mixed economy work here What was the problem USA voted for Trump because of capitalistic economic policies. So I conclude that people of USA were fed up of mixed economic policies. So did mixed economy fail to work in USA Also a side question Mixed economy didnt work in early India. Does that mean it still wont work or ever work in the future. Stamping methods used:  Can someone give me a statewise list of what form of stamping is used in each state E.g. estamping franking printed stamps eSBTR. Why Chennais water crisis should worry you. TOP 10 Countries CO2 EMISSIONS Ranking History 19602019. Is India a planned economy or a market economy: I have read that the Planning Commission was replaced by an organisation called NITI Aayog in 2017. Is this new organisation as powerful as the Planning Commission was Is India still a planned economy. Flip flops in EV policy. Despite loan waiver farmer suicides have continued unabated Maharashtra govt. US against Indias policy on customer data being stored locally: I came across this [Reuters Article]https//in.reuters.com/article/usatradeindia/exclusiveustellsindiaitismullingcapsonh1bvisastodeterdatarulessourcesidINKCN1TK2N0 could someone explain if storing our data across borders have any advantage for us Because our policy should actually help with our privacy and I think it is a damn good one.. Centre plans to invest 25 lakh crore to boost agricultural productivity Ram Nath Kovind. U.S. tells India it is mulling caps on H1B visas to deter data rules. Found an app that quickly lets you check all the government schemes available to you. The Distress in Rural India. Amid Escalating Tensions US Warns India Its Considering Caps on H1B Visas to Deter Data Rules Report. MANDI a short film by Yashowardhan Mishra. Exclusive U.S. tells India it is mulling caps on H1B visas to deter data rules sources. Aaj Tak Reporter Anjana Om Kashyap Heckles Doctor At Bihar Hospital on Encephalitis Faces Backlash on Twitter.. Two men arrested for allegedly posting abusive video against CM HD Kumaraswamy. The abusive rant was reportedly because of the twos disappointment with the partys poor performance in the Lok Sabha elections. [June 10th]. Trade row with India hurting US almond growers. Cashew cultivation being extended to Madhya Pradesh Rajasthan. As palm oils get dumped processors become packers. Explainer In India All Eyes on a Monsoon That Is Critical for the Economy. shukra power : [removed]. EU to India How will you double farmers income by 2022. India deserves better. How to report scammerInstagram/fb seller: A friend of mine ordered a watch paid advance his mistake now he has blocked him on Insta/WhatsApp/Calls Information he has about the seller. Name Mobile Phone Number BHIM UPI ID. What can we do in this case. India deserves better. Owaisis heckling in Parliament reported using clickbait titles with communal overtones Alt News. How could multilingualism benefit Indias poorest schoolchildren. India is drying up fast. Climate emergency.: UK Ireland and now Canada have declared a national climate emergency seen these countries take initiative to curb their role in increasing pollution further is a good sign for everyone. Hopefully other countries will take notice too. My query is what is Indias stand on this matter how is our government trying to tackle this problem. Pharma company employees assault journos for reporting on mishap held. The two victims Manjunath and Devaraju are journalists working with regional TV channels Raj News and Samaya TV.. Work begins on collateralfree loan pledge. Only BS6 vehicles to be available from next year Prakash Javadekar. Etikoppaka Handcrafted Lacquered Idol of Lord Venkateshwara. Gujarat unveils Indias first emissions trading scheme to curb air pollution. Uttar Pradesh Adityanath govt bans liquor meat consumption around Varanasi temples. Price of produce in Chennai from Jan 2018 to May 2019. Electric AC buses to ply from Mumbai to Pune. Is India a socialist nation: [removed]. Indian Governments gift to farmer launching new app to sell products online directly Business Humanity Oye Good News. YSK Reporting telecallers to DND on 1909 actually works. This is the format for the SMS. Your service provider will call you a few days later to tell you that a case was filed and the telecaller was told to fuck off.. Socialism in India: [removed]. Jobs are needed the most. Bengaluru Delhi Chennai And Hyderabad Among 21 Cities To Run Out Of Groundwater By 2020 Niti Aayog 2018 report.. Govt likely to give nod to changes in motor vehicles bill. Form 16 in a new form. A Faster and Improved Way to Renew Your Passport in India. Vedanta lost 200 mn in profits in one year of Tuticorin plant shutdown Anil Agarwal. Introducing Esperanto. Trade war India announces tariffs on U.S. products Copyleft Today. Niti Aayog Want to make India a 5 trillion economy by 2024 says PM. How do I declare income from sale of virtual goods e.g ingame items or currency for tax purposes: I have exchanged some ingame currency for real life money with other people in a game via paypal. How do I go about adding this to my tax declaration There will be ongoing sales all year till I am out of game currency. Any advice on how to go about this. Report ind vs pak cwc2019. Vocational Training Provider for the Apparel sector. Analysis India Going Cashless Could Be a Model for the World. Archaic labour laws must be scrapped says staffing body. No trade action against India as of now USTR. Glimpses Of Vision 2024 In PM Modis NITI Aayog Address 10 Points. The Gaanja Situation Ep7 Deven Fights for Right to Life. Unrealistic Growth Projections Can Affect The Accuracy of Budget Decisions Economist Arun Kumar. Tanushree Dutta filed false complaint of sexual har..t against Nana Patekar says police in closure report. WPI inflation at 2year low in May. FAO SeedsampChips to promote youths engagement in sustainable development. India must reclaim its lost digital space. Contribution towards ESI scheme to be lowered to 4 from July. Lakhan Singh YadavMadhya Pradesh Min An international firm wants to investamptheir target is to build 300 gaushalas.They aim to build 60 gaushalas a year.They have sought landampwe have assured them of it.We had our first meeting with themampvery soon they will start working here. Are we putting farmers on a pedestal in India: So these are some of my views on the way we treat farmers in India. Looking for some healthy discourse and to try and see this issue from different viewpoints. TlDr at the bottom. So I recently saw a news article about how the government is planning to forgive loans taken out by farmers and it got me thinking about all the different benefits farmers receive in this country. As far as I know farmers receive heavily subsidized if not free resources like water electricity seeds and manure. They also dont have to pay any income tax and have various schemes that allow them to receive a fair price on crops they grow. Please correct me if Im wrong on any of this ampx200B Now speaking of loans my parents argue that if people like Vijay Mallya and Nirav Modi are allowed to default on such huge amounts then we should forgive loans taken out by farmers as well because they are chump change in comparison. While it might be true I dont agree because at the end of the day it is the tax payer that still bears the burden of these defaulted/forgiven loans. And we are trying to properly prosecute people like Mallya and Nirav Modi how effective it has been is another discussion altogether. So it doesnt seem right to me to put farmers in the same bracket as them. ampx200B With all these things taken into consideration do you still think it is right that we continue to put farmers on this pedestal keeping in mind that no other profession as far as I am aware receive such benefit. Think for example a taxi driver being forgiven his car loan because he did not make enough of a profit. ampx200B I understand that a farmers entire income could be destroyed if he were to have a bad harvest something that is in some cases entirely dependent on a good monsoon a factor that the farmer has no control over. And that it is the responsibility of the society to support our farmers as they grow our food. But there has to be a better way than to forgive loans like maybe investing in drought resistant crops and better irrigation technology. Why is it that the first plan of action seems to be forgiving loans ampx200B TlDr Farmers receive free stuff pay no income tax and yet get their loans forgiven during bad harvest seasons. But other occupations receive no such benefits. H1B visa aspirants should probably check this out. India to impose retaliatory tariffs on 29 U.S. goods from June 16. India finally retaliates in tariffs titfortat with US. Top 10 Countries GDP Purchasing Power Parity PPP Ranking History 19902019. Metro Man Gives Bankruptcy Warning To PM Modi On AAPs Free Ride Plan. PM Narendra Modi and other SCO leaders during the Summit in Bishkek. PC PMO India. Arvind Subramanians calculation of GDP is flawed too says economist Arun Kumar. Why the 10 quota may not make sense. Kejriwals idea is not so crazy after all. Two Brothers Allegedly Assaulted By Hotel Owner And Staff For Looking Different In Bhimtal: So this is what happened to my recent visit to Sapphire INN on the 8th of June Me and my brother were traveling from munsyari to hldwani. My brother had to attend his friends wedding at bhawali his friend had booked a few rooms at sapphire for the wedding guests. He had had asked us to come to this hotel to freshen up before we come to the wedding. We reached bhawali at around 7 and then proceeded to sapphire inn where other guests were staying. We came down parked our cars and proceeded to freshen up. A lot of guests were coming and going. Around 9pm While I was freshening up my brother went down to receive another of his friend who came in. While my brother was getting him up the owner stopped him and started getting physical with him. During the altercation he stuck my brothers ear ring and it strarted to bleed badly when I came down towards the reception I saw my brother bleeding and this person getting physical with him at this point I wasnt aware he was the owner. I held his hands and subdued him so that he stops hitting my brother and he calms down and we can have a discussion about him. This person was heavily drunk and barely able to talk I thought this was just a visitor who got too drunk and was causing trouble. I asked my brother and his friend to go out and tend to his bleeding ear and told the receptionist to call the police they had cctvs and we could easily verify what Happened. I went outside and was tending to my brother waiting for the police to come in so that I can record my statement and then leave for haldwani as we wanted to catch the 11pm bus for dehradun for my brother. Untill then I had no idea that the drunk person was actually the owner of the hotel. Within 5 minutes of the incident around 4 people in different bikes came in dropped their bikes in front of us and started beating us with fists and then got some sticks to hit us. The owner and other employees joined in and out numbered us 8 to 2. They hit us on the head multiple times. As the commomtion commenced the other guests who were in the hotel and getting ready saw whats happening downstairs and rescued us from the mob and took us to the base hospital in bhimtal. We had an initial first aid and the he took us to a better hosting in haldwani where we were tended properly. I ended up with stitches on my forehead and needing dental and plastic surgery for my face. My brother has multiple stitches on his head. We were in the ccu at Krishna hospital haldwani the next day and couldnt go to the police our parents were in munsyari who came down the next day to file a report. Before we could file a report the owner filed a report that we had fought amongst ourselves and injured each other. Interestingly they claim the cctvs havent been working for the last 7 days which just seems to convenient as the cctv footage would have been very incriminating for the hotel owners. Most of the other people have jobs or are in the army and have declined our pleas to be witnesses in the fir as their parents think it would be problematic which is rather understandable. Disappointing but understandable. The only two people hurt during the entire process was my brother and me singled out because we looked different from the group. They never raised a hand on anyone else and called us bhotias as they were hitting us. I would like to believe this wasnt a racial prejudice based crime but everything that transpired points to that. We had planned on staying just two hours and ended up being admitted to the hospital. We never checked in to the hotel hell we werent even the ones who were involved in any wedding celebration at the hotel or the wedding venue. We were just two people stopping by to give our congratulations to the family. Just because we looked different they decided we could be made the scapegoats for their drunk anger If anyone reading this think they can help me get some Justice please reach out to me I will forever be grateful. Arvind Subramanian Vs The Govt Who Is Right About Indias GDP. The multidimensional scope of foreign language experts in Pune: [removed]. Petition for appropriate punishment for people Assaulting Doctors Discussion: Sign the petition if you think something needs to be done about it [http//chng.it/dcZ57bXz]http//chng.it/dcZ57bXz Cases of patients attendants assaulting junior doctors are on the rise and still no proper action is being taken to prevent further such occurrence. The cases were either silenced by the respective state government or assailants were bailed out when the situation cooled down. Heres an article from Indian Journal of medical ethics on the issue a deeper look into why it happens views public opinion conditions surrounding such incidents [https//ijme.in/articles/assaultsonpublichospitalstaffbypatientsandtheirrelativesaninquiry/galleyhtml]https//ijme.in/articles/assaultsonpublichospitalstaffbypatientsandtheirrelativesaninquiry/galleyhtml ampx200B Spending resources to increase the security around hospitals is one way to go about it but the lack of such resources can be another problem. Increasing the punishment against such assailants can be another solution. Training doctors to prevent such aggravations and how to deal with the situation if such an event were to break out ampx200B Im listing the articles to these cases here 11 June 2019 Doctors of NRSMCH Kolkata assaulted [https//www.telegraphindia.com/states/westbengal/nrsmedicalcollegejuniordoctorsassaulted/cid/1692258]https//www.telegraphindia.com/states/westbengal/nrsmedicalcollegejuniordoctorsassaulted/cid/1692258 17 Sept 2017 Doctors of Gandhi Hospital Hyderabad assaulted [https//www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/currentaffairs/210917/hyderabaddoctorsattackedagainatgandhihospital.html]https//www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/currentaffairs/210917/hyderabaddoctorsattackedagainatgandhihospital.html 16 May 2017 Another case of a Mangaluru doctor assaulted [https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/mobangryrelativesdeadpatientassaultmangalurudoctorattemptabducthim62128]https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/mobangryrelativesdeadpatientassaultmangalurudoctorattemptabducthim62128 ampx200B Discuss your opinions and solutions to prevent these situations. PS If I missed an incident list it in the comments Ill add the incident.. Passing the tax smell test Subramanians growth claims would imply a strange boost in tax to GDP ratio.. Indian Economy View Indias economy is in crisis after reduced GDP estimate. Over 43 India facing drought situation grim in Maharashtra Karnataka. Indian Medical Council Amendment Bill cleared. Aadhaar Amendment bill gets Cabinet nod to be introduced in Budget session. Indias GDP numbers. AliExpress Shopping Party Over Indian Govt Plans Strict Measures Against Chinese ECommerce. Will Modi get his agenda through: What do you guys think Based on his history so far and the obstacles ahead how likely are key parts of his agenda to pass. Behind Indias Alleged Ban On Crypto Making Room For Its Own Digital Currency. [lll] Legality of Bitcoin [BTC] in India what will happen if India bans crypto. Narendra Modi Modis major minority outreach Slew of plans to be rolled out soon. Blackboard Edutech WORLD DAY AGAINST CHILD LABOUR The child is the pride of the country Do not sell them wages hands. For more daily updates download our app Get it now play store https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.blackboardedutechamphlen. It is only going to get worse.. ILampFS top executive bent norms to favour Ansals Internal report. Zee news reporting that the missing An32 plane was probably abducted by aliens. Indias workforce is masculinizing rapidly. India defends methodology to measure economic growth. Government planning new labour legislation by merging 44 laws under 4 categories. Govt planning new labour legislation by merging 44 laws under 4 categories. This may be a pretty uninteresting post but clearly shows how fishy the GDP calculation has become in the last 1012 years. EC terms reports of ghost voters in recent polls incorrect The poll panel reacted days after a section of the media reported that there was a discrepancy in the total turnout and the actual number of electors in some states.. Not Just 2019 EC Data on Voter Count and Turnout Doesnt Add Up for 2014 Either During the elections the Suvidha App provided the estimated data on voter turnout followed by a final report based on updated numbers on the EC website. The analysis discovered at least 75 discrepancies in the data.. Scholarships to 5 crore minority students in next 5 years Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi. Indias statistics may have been painting a far rosier picture of economic growth than the more modest reality of the past decade.. In a first India votes in favour of Israel at UN against Palestine human rights body. IAS Coaching in Kolkata: In India If You Live in Kolkata You must Check Which is the Best IAS Coaching in Kolkata for Civil Services Exam Preparation. ampx200B Impportant gt [IAS Coaching in Kolkata]https//blog.oureducation.in/topiascoachinginstitutekolkata/ Tips to Prepare for IAS Find out everything about the exam Choose your Bachelors degree in such a manner that you may benefit for the IAS exam. If you need a fall back option by doing a BTech. Dont worry. You can still start preparing and getting to know the social subject you wish to take for your IAS exam. Follow the news regularly Give your opinion and discuss the news daily Start giving IQ tests and getting to know about logical reasoning Take up online test series for regular practice Subscribe to a magazine and read articles with understanding. Petroleum Ministry Sets Up Panel To Explore The Possibility Of Allowing Private Players To Sell Subsidised LPG. Adityanath govt allows setting up of micro breweries for tourism jobs. Modi Government Saves Rs 51700 Crore In One Year Via DBT 4.23 Crore Fake Duplicate LPG Connections Removed. Suggestions for Union Budget 20192020 Legalization of Ganja. Jeweller accuses MLA of spiriting Rs 400 crore in viral suicidethreat audio. Indian governments strike against corruption 12top income tax officials forced to retire Social Oye Good News. Trump demands India reduce Harley Davidson tariffs to ZERO says friend Modi working on it. PM Modi asks target oriented fiveyear plan document for each Ministry. Why is Delhis air so toxic The Stream. Singapore dethrones US as worlds most competitive economy India not even top 40. Thoughts . Goa government to launch digital agriculture platform Agricloud Vijai Sardesai. Urgent speech law reform needed to protect online freedom in India.:  https//i.redd.it/ykcmku81ji331.png Recent events over the last few days have caused a bit of an outrage in the public area and rightly so. The arrest of journalist Prashant Kanojia has brought back to the forefront a jilted provision amongst others that furthers the arbitrary and indiscriminate arrests of social media users. We join others in demanding his immediate release but are also further pressing for much needed policy and legal reforms. With the formation of the new Government and our best foot forward [we write]https//drive.google.com/openid1Ke55RM0qMIVDSacqL2A15pgi2wAS5s to Shri. Amit Shah Minister of Home Affairs with a copy marked to Shri. Ravi Shankar Prasad Minister of Electronics and Information Technology and Minister of Law and Justice. The representation highlights the need for legal reforms in India to ensure freedom of speech and expression. With the continuously increasing number of Indians gaining access to the Internet fear of unlawful prosecution and arrests only appear to be growing. This in all eventualities results in an incredible amount of selfcensorship a direction India seems to be moving towards similar to that of China. The repeal of criminal defamation and sedition is the need of the hour more now so than ever before. Such a grand task can only be achieved with initiative by the Central Government of India to ensure momentum towards such reform. A few steps moving forward for both temporary remedies and long term reform have been suggested in the representation. Immediate steps Issue a detailed advisory to all State Governments cautioning against the use of criminal law to police free speech of social media users. Especially arbitrary arrests. Longterm systemic reform Operationalise the Law Commission of India to spearhead a comprehensive media and speech laws reform project with public participation. We are optimistic that the necessary steps will be taken by the respective ministries in addressing these issues. Till then IFF will continue to advocate for the rights of every Priyanka Sharma and Prashant Kanojia on the online platform of their choice. Important documents Copy of the Representation sent to the Central Government [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1Ke55RM0qMIVDSacqL2A15pgi2wAS5s Past post on the Ghosts of Section 66A [link]https//internetfreedom.in/phantomsensationsof66a/ The SpeechBill Campaign to modernise defamation law [link]http//speechbill.in/ Do you have a dream A dream of being a political satirist without the fear of arrest Fight for this with us [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. 10Year Jail For Buying or selling of cryptocurrency in India Report. Will having a standing education loan in the amount of 5 lakhs affect me in getting my work VISA for Germany: My loan is still active as I have been paying it off slowly for the past two years. I recently got a job offer from Germany for which I will have to get a work Visa. Once I arrive in Germany they will take over and get the Blue Card for me. ampx200B My question is will having this standing loan affect me getting my Visa ampx200B Thanks for all those who have answered. What do you guys think of this new legislation against cryptos. Oil Rises on Supply Cuts but Weak Economy Holds Market Back. India seeks global action against economic fugitives. In recent years the UK has emerged as the favourite haunt for economic fugitives such as Vijay Mallya and Nirav Modi although the courts have initiated action against both.. Indias unemployment rate doubled in two years soe in figures. Giving scholarships based on religion Only muslim students and no poor Hindu students. Mumbais Infrastructure Woes Is FearPsychosis Leading to Poor Unqualified Decisions. India plans to order taxi aggregators like Uber Ola to go electric documents. India plans to order taxi aggregators like Uber and Ola to convert 40 of their fleet of cars to electric by April 2026 according to a source and records of government meetings to discuss new rules for clean mobility.. Gadkari has big plans to push Indias infrastructure. CCTV project a voyeurs dream will lead to surveillance state Delhi govt gets legal notice. [Rant] Ghaziabad Police is Incompetent Unhelpful amp Narcissistic: Title. ampx200B I live in Noida and visit my girlfriend who lives in Indirapuram Ghaziabad on the weekends. We go to a lot of places but mostly spend time in Ghaziabad. Now Im sure all of you must have seen those shitty signs/warnings painted in red/blue by police saying NO PARKING HERE ORDER BY SHO or some nonsense like that. These signs/warnings are everywhere in Delhi/NCR and theyre enforced majority of the time in Delhi only because the police in Noida amp Ghaziabad dont give two shits about challaning people much less actively trying to stop someone who is openly flouting said rules. So today after spending more than 10 years driving in Noida and 2 years in Ghaziabad I got a challan in one of these signs/warning areas outside Aditya Mall Ghaziabad at around 7PM. I ran outside from a restaurant to see what was going on. Sure enough there were 2 policemen smugly taking photos of cars and using their phones to make challans of all the cars parked outside the mall. I approached one of them and the following conversation ensued the conversation was in Hindi but Im typing it in English for convenience ampx200B Me Why are you challaning cars Police Because \points at sign/warning\ Me But thats redundant. Theyre everywhere in Ghaziabad and I have never seen any of you actually do that. Police Well now we are. M Why P1 Because we have the authority to do so. \calls over second policeman\ P2 Whats the problem Why are you creating a fuss M Because you guys are challaning cars that have been parking here for so many freaking years and now without warning to anyone you just wake up one day and decide to challan all of them because your boss told you to P1 clearly getting irritated Listen these cars are parked illegally. They should be parked in the basement. M Why arent you challaning the scooties and bikes then P2 We will do those. M No you wont because youre just targeting all the cars. P1 Sir please do not create a scene. at this point I am really irritated at these guys but 2 guys on bikes zoom past us on the wrong side of the road M WTF why dont you challan those guys These wrong side drivers are EVERYWHERE in Ghaziabad and I have literally never seen any of them get punished. P2 dryly We will. M You didnt even look towards them nor did you take a picture WTF are you going to do about them P2 dryly again We will dont worry about them you worry about your challan. M THIS SHOULDNT BE HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE BECAUSE YOURE ACTING PARTIALLY AND CHALLANING CAR OWNERS ONLY. both of them are just walking away at this point M At least fucking tell me where to pay the challan P1 Govindpuram Police Station Ghaziabad. M What about the online link in the message P1 Doesnt work. wanders off ampx200B So the outcome of this situation is that to pay this 100 rupees fine I have to travel 27km 1 hour ONE WAY from my home in Noida to Govindpuram pay this dumb shit between the WORKING HOURS of 10 AM TO 5 PM and then again go back home 27km. The amount of fucking petrol I will burn in travelling these 54 kms. is more than double the fine not to mention the fucking day off from work that I might have to take in order to pay this challan. This is compounded by the fact that all the years spent driving in Noida and Ghaziabad I have encountered so many fucking brain dead animals on both bikes amp cars who drive on the wrong side of the road at insane speeds and flash their high beams at night making absolutely sure that either you give way to them or crash into them and cause an accident. The best part is that these motherfuckers are never challaned and only give encouragement to other people to drive on the wrong side of the road and threaten the lives of others as well. If I start going into details of how many times Ive had to narrowly avoid hitting these fucking morons I would be here all night. ampx200B \sigh\ ampx200B [Heres the message of the challan]https//imgur.com/a/nMB81W8 in case anyone was interested.. DHFL and Reliance Capital Used the Box System to Avoid Disclosure says REDD Report. India Reports Problems in Retrieving Climbers Bodies. Mansoon Finally Hits KERALA coast: [removed]. Turkey gets culled from US defence program in warning sign for India. The UberZomato economy Indias gig workers struggle to make ends meet with low pay no benefits. India is leading a global charge to make corporate giants pay fair tax. Primary Coal Production by Country 19802016. The Language Controversy: [removed]. 10year jail for buying selling cryptocurrency in India Report. Monetary Policy Meet RBI cuts repo rate by 25 bps to 5.75 changes stance to accommodative. Govt mulls paying fertiliser subsidy directly to farmers under phase 2 of DBT scheme. States sharing bank details expose deep pool of offshore money says OECD. Today I used 2 litres of water to bath Please save water this this really [serious]. Actually Free Rides For Delhi Women Is A Great Idea. Data Backs It HuffPost India. My thoughts on Three language education policy proposal: [removed]. NEP and the language problem what should be the 3rd language: We all know that there is a big controversy going on regarding the 3rd language teaching in schools proposed by National Educational Policy 2019. The proposal of teaching 3 mandatory languages local English and Hindi was bitterly opposed especially by politicians from the south. Centre has decided to scrap the Hindi imposition part. So what should be the 3rd language suitable for all the states of India I have an idea like that We have 22 scheduled languages. 21of these excluding Sanskrit can be grouped in 6 categories 1 Himalayan Dogri Kashmiri Nepali 2 Northern Hindi Punjabi Urdu Maithili 3 Western Gujarati Marathi Konkani Sindhi 4 Eastern Assamese Bengali Odiya 5 Southern Tamil Telegu Kanada Malayalam 6 Tribal Santali Meitei Bodo We shouldnt give priority to any special language like Hindi. So what could be done Let each state pick 1 language from each group as the 3rd language. So each state would have 6 languages to teach. Let the students pick a 3rd language from 3 choices at the upper primary level class 678 and a different one from another three at the secondary level class 9101112. Let me give an example Suppose WB has chosen 6 languages Nep Hnd Mar Ody Tam and Sant. Now a student of a state school will have to choose a 3rd language for UpPri stage among a group of 3 languages like Nep Hnd Mar. For the sec section she will have to choose one from the 2 nd group consisting Ody Tam and Sant. In that way it would be possible to provide adequate infrastructure and teachers for the 3rd language teaching in most school clusters. Promotion of Languages Each state would be encouraged to promote their own languages in other states by means of providing teaching experts scholarships etc. Pros I think that method would promote Unity in Diversity. It would strengthen our national integrity by reducing the language barrier. It would also help the students to seek jobs in other states. Con It would be difficult to teach so many languages. What do you think. Reserve Bank of India scraps charges on digital payments made through RTGS and NEFT. Wonder why our media is Lutyensdominated only Delhibased reporters can get government accreditation. RBI is slowly turning into a gem: RBI removes NEFT RTGS payment charges to push digital transactions https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/wealth/personalfinancenews/rbiremovesneftrtgspaymentchargestopushdigitaltransactions/articleshow/69672695.cms. RBI Cuts GDP Growth Forecast To 7 Waives RTGS And NEFT Charges. BT Buzz PM Modi pushes for big labour reforms 43 crore unorganised workers to benefit. Legal notice to the Delhi Government to immediately halt CCTV installations.:  https//i.redd.it/229oj54jdp231.png Highlights Background The Delhi Government is beginning installations of about 1.4 lakh CCTV cameras putting the privacy and freedom of millions of Delhi residents at risk. Feeds from these will be made available to RWAs and Market Associations without any safeguards Infringing privacy threatening womens safety The CCTV Project is completely illegal. It has no underlying legal framework or any legal safeguards. Even the bidding has been carried out in a secretive manner and our RTI for more information on it was deftly dodged by the Government. We put the Delhi Government to notice Today we sent a legal notice after repeatedly bringing public attention to this issue through social media. In the instance the project continues we will examine and undertake all steps available under law to fight and defend every persons privacy The Delhi Government was for years stuck in a battle with the Lieutenant Governor to install and fulfil its promise of about 1.4 lakh CCTV cameras in Delhi at the cost of 500 crore. The LGs office had recommended the cameras be installed with the permission of the police and drafted [rules]http//dceast.delhigovt.nic.in/wps/wcm/connect/b4db69004622dcdbb778b7c8da9eb17e/CCTV.pdfMODAJPERESamplmod1855201116ampCACHEIDb4db69004622dcdbb778b7c8da9eb17e governing the use of CCTVs in Delhi. Disregarding this on June 3 Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal announced installation of the cameras would finally begin by June 8. This is a project which will infringe the fundamental right to privacy is a waste of public money and worse even can contribute to endangering womens safety. Today we were constrained to send them a legal notice to halt the project immediately. Read on for more details. A secretive process For a project costing more than 500 crores and impacting the privacy of millions living and visiting Delhi there have been no open public consultations inviting comments and suggestions on the rules governing such cameras. There has also been no costbenefit analysis and the entire tendering process was done without the bid documents and the scope of work being made publicly accessible. For instance details of the project were also not provided through our RTI request and the Delhi Government incorrectly claimed that such details were already available in the public domain when in fact they were not read the [RTI request]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1jwWPi8gApRwwmiB3mmnSqNndqVvajK0E/viewuspsharing and the [reply here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1l0k0J2i2kJM9f7M2EHvu7aGTmfndvMtI/viewuspsharing. For the record the complete details were not made available on the PWD website and even the Standard Operating Procedure for thier installation and operation has not been published in a proper manner. Assualt on privacy Hard fought battles of getting and implementing privacy as a fundamental right are now at risk in Delhi where lakhs of CCTVs will now record each and every movement of citizens. According to one [survey]http//www.iosrjournals.org/iosrjhss/papers/Vol.202320Issue12/Version2/B2312020408.pdf conducted on this issue 210 out of 250 or 84 of the respondent students were concerned about the CCTV footage being used for stalking and personal abuse. As per the Supreme Courts decision in the right to privacy case Justice K.S. Puttaswamy v. Union of India 2017 10 SCC 1 the three core elements to gauge the legality of a privacy violation are a legality b legitimate state aim and c proportionality. The CCTV project fails on all these three parameters. Also for questioning Peters and doubting Thomases several passages in the right to privacy judgement clearly hold that even information in public spaces has a privacy right attached to them. A voyuers dream a stalkers paradise A onepage note providing the Standard Operating Procedure for such cameras makes the Resident Welfare Association nominee one of the primary custodians of the footage recorded. In the absence of any safeguards this means that your local neighbourhood committee member can access and use any recordings collected from any cameras within the neighbourhood. It can also lead to higher crime against women and issues of moral policing given that such unhindered unregulated and liberal access to CCTV feeds will be provided to a unrestricted number of people. This will be done without any safeguards. When we say without any we mean absolutely zero. Putting the Delhi Government to Notice All of these points are set out at length in a legal notice we sent today to the Honble Chief Minister of Delhi [Read the notice here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1tW6CsHuIWQN7KMLgjmlij8oTrSRgf/viewuspsharing demanding for a halt to such installations opening up the proposal for public consultations and the addition of adequate safeguards to protect the privacy and freedom of millions of Delhi residents. Today we remind the Government that Orwells 1984 is work of fiction and caution not an instruction manual. We would like to thank Kritika Bhardwaj Advocate for her legal advice on this matter. IFFs work depends a large number of volunteer lawyers who bring their expertise and talent to secure digital rights. Greater impact to our efforts can be achieved by your support. So do consider signing on as a IFF member. Link to important documents Our RTI request to the Delhi Government \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1jwWPi8gApRwwmiB3mmnSqNndqVvajK0E/viewuspsharing\] and the reply received. \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1l0k0J2i2kJM9f7M2EHvu7aGTmfndvMtI/viewuspsharing\] Note on the Standard Operating Procedure governing CCTV installation and feedsharing. \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1WUSc9pzdfIDUMZ0hY3hmFGLdHthEfS\] Legal notice to the Honble Chief Minister. \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1tW6CsHuIWQN7KMLgjmlij8oTrSRgf/viewuspsharing\] You are under watch. Like a potential criminal under constant perpetual ceaseless video surveillance. Want to fight back [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Found this in todays Business Standard. One nation simple tax.. Nilekani report proposes to simplify KYC norms. Gujarat Becomes First Indian State to Launch Emissions Trading. As an Indian I stand proud 3 out of the 5 most populous cities will be in India.. Housing sales up 3 in JanuaryMarch 2019 CBRE. Considering Delhis public transport crisis Kejriwals free ride is a Broken Window fraud. Job loss fears in India after Trump tariff shock. PMC Pune Municipal Corporation proposes free bus rides for women children and senior citizens. Running Dry Booming Bangalore faces severe drought. India to become 5th largest economy globally this year 2nd in APAC region by 2025. Delhi HC restrains Asus Technology from selling mobile phones accessories under ZEN ZENFONEtrademarks. World Bank retains Indias growth rate for FY1920 at 7.5 per cent. India roiled as Trump yanks its status as a developing nation. Indian politics: Looking at the recent general elections of India what do you think about my assessment of Indian politics I am an Indian who feels the safety of India and economic prosperity should be the primary priorities of this country . I am also an Atheist . Please do consider the external factors of cross border insurgency and global trade slowdown as a point of view . 1 Personality Modi has a strong personality whereas Rahul doesnt have any common sense and is seen as a retard surviving because of family connections only . Rahul isnt capable of running India in its crucial age of growth . We need someone firm up there . 2 Economy and policy These are not so easy things to be discussed . Most of the policies are long term and trust me many economists had said that the demonetisation and GST were like medicine . They did have bad short term consequences but are expected to yield good long term consequences . Hence majority of the educated people went against Congress to test these policies by atleast giving them some time to implement them on full scale . 3 National Budget If you have studied the national Budget put forward by NDA thoroughly then you know that its lucrative . It has tax breaks for middle class and some sort of minimum wage for badly effected farmers . It was a plus point . Plus the Japanese cooperation to develop bullet trains Hyperloop project approval and even the new Vande Bharat express were more than enough to feed the aspirational class . Congress with all its corruptions wasnt even in the race if you compare it to these policies and projects . 4 Secularism As a Hindu Atheist living in the republic of India I do accept the fact that a lot of religious unnecessary BS was done by this party and I know its wrong and I also want the culprits to meet justice. But then again the NDA won seats beyond the Hindi belt where extremism wasnt even felt . Economic promise Simply outweighed the religious BS concern for the majority . 5 Miscallenious In all totality the NDA BJP was up against a poorly administered opposition of UPA lead by the incompetent son of family hierarchy famous for its corruptions . Thats my point of view . I dont mean any hate towards any group but this is what it is . As a 17 year old Indian engineering aspirant interested in the countrys politics for its good who will cast vote from the next year onwards this is my view of the current situation of Indian politics . Feel free to correct me . Sorry for my devastating English mistakes afterall I am just a 17 year old desi . Thank you This is probably the longest text I have ever written except projects and minor research papers ofcourse . Crossborder suggestions for a healthy discussion are also welcomed . I dont have any ill intent rather I wanna use these forums to encourage people of my age to engage in politics as it does matter . I want a healthy discussion if you dont have a logic to back your points please dont reply . No jokes . Indian. ANDH BHAKTI An ISSUE: [deleted]. Actually Free Rides For Delhi Women Is A GREAT Idea. Data Backs It. Modi govt renews focus on Ayushman Bharat to rank states on quality of wellness centres. Education of girls from minority communities is govts priority Naqvi. CCTV Cameras To Be Installed In Delhi From Saturday Says Arvind Kejriwal. Modi govts 1000day rural target 2 crore houses roads to all villages toilets in homes. PM Modi pushes for big labour reforms 43 crore unorganised workers to benefit. I present to you Indias new HRD minister Mr. Ramesh Pokhriyal.: Just for the people who arent going to watch the video This guy says Horoscope is more accurate than Science. RIP Education system.. Yogi plans expressway to every region of UP by 2022. Rs 40000 crore bank recapitalisation in FY20 to boost lending. A criticism of the New Education Policy 2019 and existent education policies: Problems with respect to HECI and fee fixation One of the biggest problems that the policy has done is that it has legitimized the policy of state exit and buttressed the belief of Private Education providing Quality education. HEFA as has been founded by GoI in association with Canara Bank and has a corpus of 1 lakh crore of which centre is paying only 8500 crores puts this whole thing into perspective. The rest of the corpus is to be attained via loans which has to be repaid by institutes over period of time. Now indirectly asking on whom will the institutes push over this liability of 90000 crores Its the students and the pricing of courses. While Fee fixation and allowing autonomy is welcome to an extent but let us not fool ourselves any HEI with half decent infra would need a fuckton of expenditure and the money has to be absorbed from the peoples pockets ampx200B A blueprint towards privatisation of Higher education. Not a word has been spoken about Quality Assurance or the fact of Accountability fixation towards Private institutes. ASSOCHAM reports that 93 of the MBAs in our country is unemployable. [https//www.indiatoday.in/educationtoday/featurephilia/story/mbaeducationproblems32862620160711]https//www.indiatoday.in/educationtoday/featurephilia/story/mbaeducationproblems32862620160711 Now lets get into this quandary. We want to privatise education without a semblance of accountability towards them really providing people quality skill upgradation. Let us look into the average unemployability the Private college Engineer stands much worse in employability situation than the average NIT/JU/BESU and am not even taking the better NITs and IITs and IIScs into picture. THE WHOLE DOCUMENT PROMISES US LAVISH WORDS MUCH PROMOTION BUT IT SPEAKS ZILCH ABOUT WHERE THE FUNDS ARE GOING TO BE RAISED FROM. In the previous year we had seen how the INSTITUTE OF EMINENCE tag was given to JIO institute. This meant that they could raise a massive 1000 crores for over 10 years but we all know the project never even begun how can we judge its credibility and potential. The government did away 1000 crore clause for private institutes temporarily but there has not been any subsequent clarification on it thus proving the crony corporate neta babudom clout is taking over the education system too. ampx200B ampx200B The Report clearly shows that round about 49 of the children who take up education in Class 1 do not continue it beyond Class 10. The policy sort of considers that this ratio will be maintained and we should actually place infrastructure in such a fashion that it caters and provides quality care for the 51. Implicitly it has recognized that the rest of the 49 will not come up and that there would be more stress towards the 51 who continue than bringing up the 49 who are exiting the net. ampx200B ampx200B Fails to address the biggest issue EMPLOYABILITY . Take this in two parts. ampx200B Employability of the lesser skilled THE Present Government SINCE 2015 has been pushing the skilling agenda. Furthermore as has been the priorities of the policy skilling has been mandated as an important part of the DEP2019. It had promoted the PPP model for skilling. But the model as Sharda Prasad report has shown has failed to muster much influence. So much so that 99.5 of the skilling units are government owned. The skilling institutes are marred with CONFLICT OF INTEREST Malgovernance and the credibility of their skilling quality is pretty poor once we look into the rates of employability after completing the courses. The NSQF framework has adopted a technique of recognition to prior learning \ but although the skill of a layman is getting recognized what is its effective use if it doesnt lead to any jobs In the above tone lets also take up the ISSUE OF SYLLABI in VT and diploma courses. The course structure in VT is haphazard enough with its whole bouquet of courses preventing streamlining. This means aligning the courses to international requirements ensuring a basic foundation in the 3Rs and lifelong learning. It implies national standards for an indemand skill set with national/global mobility that translates into better jobs. Short duration courses with no real skills that provide low pay for suboptimal jobs cannot be called national standards. Hence the current national standards have to drastically improve. Germany has only 340 courses in accordance with the National Classification of Occupations 2015 which itself was based on the International Standard Classification of Occupations. Such trainees will be a national asset. What we have instead are nearly 10000 standards produced mostly by consultants. There cannot be thousands of standards compressed into 2000 qualification packs/job roles and delivered to trainees in a matter of a few months. This is not what the National Skills Qualification Framework NSQF had recommended. The focus should be in strengthening reading writing and arithmetic skills. No skill development can succeed if most of the workforce lacks the foundation to pick up skills in a fastchanging world. Vocational training must by definition be for a minimum of a year which includes internship without which certification is not possible. Shortterm training should be confined to recognising prior learning of informally trained workers who are already working. ampx200B ampx200B Employability of the higher skilled The problem of the higher skilled is sufficiently different from that of the lower skilled. Such a situation has happened due to few reasons 1. promoting a flawed pattern of EDUCATION FOR JOBS and MARKS 2. Lack of requisite jobs in the sectors of choice. Yojana in 2017 had carried out an Important little study where it matched the aspirations of students of HEI to the jobs that were prevalant across the state. The results were near abysmal given only few states had above 40 correlation between the jobs they were producing and the jobs that the students were demanding. 3. Putting in a process of Hands On education and not Hands free education. While the government has been pushing its cause of making innovation an important part for Ranking HEIs and ranking technical institutesand brought in a plethora of schemes to Encourage partnerships with such colleges that have a ranking of less than 200 as per QS the problems involving the lack of Hands On education are far more complicated than just that. It involves the problem of RoI on such innovation credits system the push towards Quantitative numbers yes more the number of papers and not more the number of papers in journals having high impact factor the lack of imaginativeness in our educational regime across society all contributes to the same. ampx200B ampx200B Romanticizing of Sanskrit and the past. Case in point Bharatiya Shiksha Board. No we arent going to become a vishwaguru by promoting cow pee as a cancer cure. No Bharatiya and vedic shiksha boards can never be equal to CISCE and CBSE. The skill imparted for doing astrology can only get a person to some VHP shakha sorry it is never going to a man a job to earn a living. Promoting pseudo science in the name of TRADITION is blasphemy. ampx200B ampx200B Mission Nalanda and Mission Taxila has said that there will be Higher Univ in every district but there is no plan in place. The government trying to establish the fact that pushing private people to open and run univs can be good but that will never be inclusive. To remember all those who believe this is some new innovative plan of mudiji the RUSA scheme and its intentions of opening HEIs across all EDUCATIONALLY BACKWARD districts was present since UPA days. The present rewrapping and calling for the Private sector gives me only a feeling of Skill India 2.0 ampx200B ampx200B ASER AND NAS reports clearly show the abysmal state of education in our primary levels. There has not been one attempt made to fix the situation rather than a vague policy prescription of INTERACTIVE EDUCATION. Mid day meal and good nutrition might attract and increase the GER at entry level but it isnt going to solve the LEARNING POVERTY GAP ISSUES . Let us not fool ourselves a country where the average class 5 to class 8 going child struggles to solve class 2 mathematics skilling is an useless exercise. OECDs PISA report had ranked us abysmally so much so that we withdrew participation from PISA and joined it back only this year. Economic Survey 2017 part 1 shows that the learning gap is far greater in girls wrt mathematics. In such a case solutions can be manifold. Should we create a separate situation for girls where they feel confident enough to take part in maths and science related activities Studies have shown that given the Backward Upbringing that a female child often gets combined with the fact that there is a huge Number of UNWANTED FEMALES Computed by metric Sex ratio of Last child it is only expected that they would feel Underconfident than their fellow male compatriot who has better ACCESS to CARE NUTRITION at home. The worst part of the report has been although it has agreed time and over again about the learning poverty gap it has ONLY PROMOTED SOME COSMETIC MEASURES LIKE FLIPPED LEARNING AND DIGITAL BOARDS. ampx200B BRINGING UNIVS UNDER CIVIL SERVICE CONDUCT RULES. One of the most important places of societal evolution and innovation and invention is the University. The varsity must be kept a free place where infusion of ideas permeability and penetration of ideas must be maximum. On the other hand our government has left no stone unturned to bring the Univs under the ambit of CCS rules. Vide CCS rules A professor would not be able to openly criticize and elaborately express his dissent against a government policy in an editorial without having its approval. The problem is not just in bringing Univs under CCS but a concealed attempt at making SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY and PROGRESS subservient to some whimsical stuff written in Ancient Textbooks. The Indian Science Congress was just a blatant attempt to push its agenda. Such vile attempts are being concealed under norms of PROMOTING RESEARCH IN CHOICE SECTORS GRANTS FORWARDED TO SUCH RESEARCH THAT IS SOCIALLY VIABLE and such other ambiguous terminology. Vide schemes like IMPRESS IMPRINT etc ampx200B BRAIN DRAIN AND BRAIN USE . A wonderful opportunity lay right infront of our hands to reverse back atleast a section of brain that has been drained. Given the rise of RIGHT in USA and across many European nations we could actually reverse and bring some of our talented brains back to our country. But for that we need a liberated education system and a system that is ready to suitably employ such people with due remuneration. Also lets move into the issue of BRAIN USE. A very important issue here can be one of social learning based methods via Interested people. Can we tap such brains that are probably voluntarily unemployed or maybe want a more respectable employment and try to push them in sectors where they can impart learning to say a TRIBAL school or maybe the average SSA school with a honorary compensation We have always been crying HEY NO TEACHERS AND NO RESOURCE while we actually have resources that we arent ready to look into. ARE WE TRYING TO BE A GLOBAL LABOUR ECONOMY OR A GLOBAL KNOWLEDGE ECONOMY The whole policy has been mired with ambiguities where it speaks of IMPROVED ACCESS but no QUALITY IMPROVEMENT where it speaks of ACCESS IMPROVEMENT but doesnt really proceed to describe how it would finance and in places where it speaks of FINANCING of HEIs it seems to forgot the margins of difference that exist between a PSU and a Govt funded HEI. Private for profit education has never been linked to improved access in areas of low access. What seems further is the deceit by the govt to concede an explicit percentage of society as going to be leftovers since they wont continue education anyways and the deceit by the govt to EXIT in a sustained manner from a section that needed greater govt involvement in the veener of PRIVATE EMPOWERMENT. The push for higher fees with minimal restraint will only lead to severe EXCLUSION of the lower rungs of the MIDDLE CLASS from the advantages of HEI while buttressing the hold of the upper echelons of the 1 both Sociologically and systematically. A total hypocrisy where we speak of inclusive education yet we believe FOR PROFIT education will push education to the EDUCATIONALLY BACKWARD PLACES. The Vacancies in the biggest and best Institutes wrt FACULTY are being kept vacant intentionally to show them in poor light to the public enabling generous privatization. Rather than being lost in dreams of how digital blackboards and play based education and a 5334 education which are cosmetic reforms to the real problems of POVERTY in learning UNEMPLOYMENT and DEPLORABLE INFRASTRUCTURE.. Trump believes that india is not a developing country anymore. Another blow.. Modi Governmentled Startup India will Earmark 1/3rd Funds for Women Entrepreneurs. DelhiMetro Addressing five questions on free rides for women. Theres no stopping now everything is going digital. DigitalRights:  https//i.redd.it/lln1lub9w9231.png Today Indias next round of challenges soon begin. Winners losers aside the fundamental remain the people and their rights. Considering our worlds ever evolving technologies a large portion of those rights are beginning to glitch between the physical and digital sphere. Expecting the representatives of the people ensure they step it up a notch to be inclusive of these developments cannot be too much of an ask. Prior to the general elections for this exact reason we set out certain demands out of the political manifestos of our parties [Read our Digital Rights Agenda here]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1AX57cteUOqWmUsh6eeaPqAcLo8KKMx673drxE1lzfk/edit. It essentially advocates for the protection of fundamental rights within the digital sphere. With this in mind we have written to the Government to make your digital a governance priority [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1i8Ta1muh0oJ7WfAdBQbjhsgni2nbW4A/viewuspsharing. We provide a brief of what the 6 point Digital Rights Agenda intends to cover and changes it aims to bring about. As the Agenda is largely allencompassing of digital rights issues we suggested that the Ministry considering including it in the 100 day agenda required by the Prime Minister from various departments and ministries. While there are aspects that political parties may have advocated for through their manifestos they have a long way to go before they produce results. We continue to urge the Government to strengthen the digital rights system in India upholding liberty and openness in line with the essential values of the Indian constitution. In order to achieve this IFF will engage in all modes possible including executive bodies legislatures as well as approaching courts and just as importantly appeal to the members of the public. Links to important documents Letter dated May 3 2019 to the Honble Minister for IT [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1i8Ta1muh0oJ7WfAdBQbjhsgni2nbW4A/view Digital Rights Agenda [link]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1AX57cteUOqWmUsh6eeaPqAcLo8KKMx673drxE1lzfk/edit Think digital rights need due importance too Support us and [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Farmers in Maharashtras Vidarbha Region to Soon Get Solar Pumps. Problems in Establishing Universal Primary Healthcare: One of the key problems in establishing Universal Primary Healthcare is getting healthcare workers Drs HNMs NMs Compounders etc. to work in rural primary care centers. This is not about remuneration you cant just throw money at the problem. These places also typically lack good schools for their kids and general infrastructure eg. electricity to allow them to aspire that their kids can also attain their own level of attainment. One first solution might be to improve the quality of life in taluk headquarters where the families of health workers can thrive so that the health workers can attend to the problems in the neighbouring villages with that much more of a clear mind. We cant expect them to be altruistic when none of us are.. Trump trade war latest news Trump brings tariff war to India drops its developing nation status. Running Dry Booming Bangalore faces severe drought. Zomato implements paid parental leave for 26 weeks for both men and women.: Source https//www.zomato.com/blog/parentalleavepolicy gt For women across the globe we have teams in 13 countries as we speak we will be offering 26 weeks paid leave or will follow the government mandated policy whichever is more. We will be offering exactly the same benefits to men as well. There wont be even an iota of difference in parental leave policy for men and women at Zomato going forward. gt This policy also applies to non birthing parents and in cases of surrogacy adoption and samesex partners. Reason for this policy and it should be followed by other organisations. gt While we have been lucky to attract and nurture some of the strongest female leaders I have ever met it has been incredibly hard to find women leaders out there at senior levels. Majority of the senior positions in the world are currently filled by men and even if an organisation wants to focus on gender balance in the senior ranks within it is almost impossible to do that because of the supply bias. gt According to me a lot of that imbalance at the top stems from an unequal leave policy for men and women when they welcome their children to this world. Vox did a great episode on Gender pay gap which is available on Netflix. Link www.netflix.com/title/80216752sourceandroid episode Why women are paid less. Those who want to read https//www.vox.com/2018/9/7/17828964/genderwagegapexplainednetflix The video and the article referred to a research and argued that women are paid less not because the employer doesnt want to pay them equally BUT because they miss out on timely promotions or have to turn down opportunities which may advance their career because they choose to have kids while men dont have to make these choices. By giving men mandatory parental leave a child birth will affect both the genders equally in career AND men can also provide the care in initial few months. This is the kind of progress I want to see from Indian companies.. Free rides... interesting. Parched India awaits monsoon rains as reservoirs begin to run dry. Manufacturing shows strongest growth in 3 months PMI rises to 52.7. Factory activity grows at fastest pace in three months in May on improved output and new orders PMI. Modi govt expects to deregister another 20000 bogus companies by end of this year. After protests in south govt tweaks Hindi formula in draft education plan. Govt may EQUIP students with direct fee transfers. Govt to offer extra subsidised foodgrain. Where did the jobs go and where they will come from. Modi govt plans to bring 75 of all Indians under Ayushman Bharat. Jaishankar says no language will be imposed will consult states. Rajasthan to enact a right to health law Ashok Gehlot. With Eye on Assembly Polls Delhi Govt Proposes Free Travel in Metro and Public Buses for Women. What is the need of this. Madhya Pradesh citizens to soon have lawful rights to health and water. Uttar Pradesh plastic ban effectiveness: Hey everyone Can some people from Uttar Pradesh enlighten me how is the situation there regarding the plastic bag ban Are there still plastic bags in the streets Are they still being used in markets What are common attitudes towards the ban Would love to see what the locals have to say as the information available on the internet regarding effectiveness of the ban is extremely limited. Im doing a study regarding the ban and would love for you guys to help fill in a quick survey [https//docs.google.com/forms/d/1bQpFcm8VlGQwrmtohit2DzE94Fct6cHfJQAYVhXZT\0/editts5cf1fe8f]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/1bQpFcm8VlGQwrmtohit2DzE94Fct6cHfJQAYVhXZT0/editts5cf1fe8f please do get friends and family to fill in as well really really need more ppl to fill it thank you so much . What is the need of this kind of decision. Chinese firms will follow Indias data localisation norms Chinese official. Delhi Govt to Make Metro amp Bus Travel Free for Women Kejriwal. Indian High Commission in Islamabad issues a statement on harrasment of guests at Iftar says it violates basic norm of diplomatic conduct. Asks Pak MoFA to investigate. Excuse me what the fuck: There have been reports which Ill be linking at the end of this post of AAP considering traveling for women by buses and metro to be completely free of cost. With a few months to go for assembly elections this move by AAP seems more of desperate measure to rope in all the women voters. Considering 25 percent of the riders to be women the finances absolutely do not work out. There are already glaring issues regarding the safety of women and providing freebies is definitely not the way to go about it. I have attached the annual report of DMRC which clearly shows that it is eventually finding its way to profitability. Making metro commute free for women will be a hugely regressive step in the existing scheme of things. This proposal will not only fuck the DMRC finances but also the increase in footfall will be catastrophic for the management and also for the fellow commuters who are \paying\ for the metro rides. I am an average randian and it took me a few minutes to predict the possibility of this glaring repercussion. Imagine the issues that will be discovered if this step is analyzed thoroughly. ampx200B DMRC Report [http//www.delhimetrorail.com/OtherDocuments/DMRCEnglishARYear201718.pdf]http//www.delhimetrorail.com/OtherDocuments/DMRCEnglishARYear201718.pdf Metro free for women reports 1. [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/delhimetrobusrideslikelytobefreeofcostforwomen154057020190602]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/delhimetrobusrideslikelytobefreeofcostforwomen154057020190602 2. [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/busesmetromaybefreeforwomenindelhi/articleshow/69616049.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/busesmetromaybefreeforwomenindelhi/articleshow/69616049.cms 3. [https//www.timesnownews.com/mirrornow/infocus/article/delhigovernmentplanstomakemetrobusridesfreeforwomen/429774]https//www.timesnownews.com/mirrornow/infocus/article/delhigovernmentplanstomakemetrobusridesfreeforwomen/429774. Excuse me what the fuck: There have been reports which Ill be linking at the end of this post of AAP considering traveling for women by buses and metro to be completely free of cost. With a few months to go for assembly elections this move by AAP seems more of desperate measure to rope in all the women voters. Considering 25 percent of the riders to be women the finances absolutely do not work out. There are already glaring issues regarding the safety of women and providing freebies is definitely not the way to go about it. I have attached the annual report of DMRC which clearly shows that it is eventually finding its way to profitability. Making metro commute free for women will be a hugely regressive step in the existing scheme of things. This proposal will not only fuck the DMRC finances but also the increase in footfall will be catastrophic for the management and also for the fellow commuters who are \paying\ for the metro rides. I am an average randian and it took me a few minutes to predict the possibility of this glaring repercussion. Imagine the issues that will be discovered if this step is analyzed thoroughly. Reports 1. [https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/delhimetrobusrideslikelytobefreeofcostforwomen154057020190602]https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/delhimetrobusrideslikelytobefreeofcostforwomen154057020190602 2. [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/busesmetromaybefreeforwomenindelhi/articleshow/69616049.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/busesmetromaybefreeforwomenindelhi/articleshow/69616049.cms 3. [https//www.timesnownews.com/mirrornow/infocus/article/delhigovernmentplanstomakemetrobusridesfreeforwomen/429774]https//www.timesnownews.com/mirrornow/infocus/article/delhigovernmentplanstomakemetrobusridesfreeforwomen/429774. Indias unemployment rate at multiyear high of 6.1 in 201718. How the White Revolution brought Anand to Indian farmers. Why no one is recognizing that taxation on new cars has become insanely high in India. India no longer worlds fastestgrowing economy BBC News. Textile Minister Smriti Irani Calls NSSOs Unemployment Data Fake News Alleges Data Distortion. NDA seeks to widen scope of RTE act revamp UG courses. Goldman Sachs Indian developer to invest 250 million in real estate. New education policy seeks to junk 102 format highstakes exams. FICCI compliments PM for extending PMKISAN. Future of Internet Policy in India Privacy Data Protection Cybersecurity among critical aspects. TNAgainstHindiImposition and StopHindiImposition are the top two trends on Twitter:  [\StopHindiImposition]https//twitter.com/hashtag/StopHindiImpositionsrctrenampdataidtweet3A1134713384958488576 \TNAgainstHindiImposition start trending on Twitter after the government had announced their three language policy.. After Swachh Bharat in the pipeline Jal Shakti Nal Se Jal for all. Donald Trump terminates Indias preferential trade status under GSP programme. ICMR seeks complete ban on ecigarettes.. Vikas Bahl Reinstated As Super 30 Director After Getting Clean Chit In Sexual Misconduct Case Reports. In Major Revamp Draft Education Policy Does Away With 102 Model of Schooling Brings in 5334 Format. Day 1 of PM Modis new government Big boost for farmers traders students. Now 14.5 crore farmers to be covered under PM Kisan scheme Agriculture Minister. India no longer worlds fastestgrowing economy. IAF removes temporary restrictions post February 27 in signal to Pakistan to open its airspace for overflying again. Coal Power Plants India. Maharashtra bans ecigarette says use as harmful as tobacco products. Modi Reform Scorecard DBT Checks the Right Boxes. Modi Gov faces job crisis as unemployment falls to 6.1. Sensex Nifty fall in afternoon session market turns volatile as govt announces portfolios for new cabinet ministers. Modi Cabinet Nirmala Sitharaman new FM DStreet says she must revive Indias animal spirits. Indias unemployment rate hit 6.1 in 201718. India looses Fastest Growing Economy Tag. A friend suggested me this gem must watch if you want to understand how economy works in a simplest way.. Who can replace Rahul Gandhi Mukesh Ambani: [removed]. Amit Shah is Home Minister Rajnath is Defence Minister Full list of new portfolios in Modi govt. Zombie State Owned Enterprises Vampiric Corporations and a Fossil Fuel That Refuses to Die Why Indias Reliance on Coal is Bad For India and the World: [removed]. Modi Must Embrace Urbanization To Build A New India. 5 free transactions are not bad and unlimited on own bank atm. In USA its around 3 [OC]. Indian election What does Narendra Modis sweeping victory mean for Australia. Indias Credit Flow and GDP story and trend: [removed]. Railways roads and highways sector to get the largest chunk of investment in Modi 2.0 ICRA. Modi govt to scale up Digital Village 2.0. Modi govt to scale up Digital Village 2.0. Modi healthcare scheme won hearts and votes. Dont exacerbate the problems Raghuram Rajans advice to Modi 2.0 on economy. Why the integrity of data matters. 6 Facts that you must know about GST on Real Estate Projects. AC not working in train Claim your Refund from IRCTC: [removed]. Yes Indias Economy Is Growing but Can You Trust the Data. What is your dream union cabinet for Next government lead by Narendra Modi: If you are given a chance to place your favorite leader in union cabinet and with what portfolio. Was Mumbai doctor Payal Tadvi murdered Post mortem report finds bruises on neck body. Net Neutrality enforcement in India needs to find its bearings.:  https//i.redd.it/e91l45d5n5131.png Coming in very shortly after the reactivation of SaveTheInternet campaign and IFFs complaint to the Department of Telecommunication news reports state that the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has announced that it will be releasing a fresh consultation paper on compliance with net neutrality [Read here for more]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/telecom/telecompolicy/newconsultationpaperonnetneutralitysoonrssharma/articleshow/68898246.cms. This paper will also aim to identify certain critical applications that could claim exemptions from current net neutrality principles. While were greatly appreciative of TRAIs move to tackle net neutrality violations we continue to relay our concerns in maintaining net neutrality as explained in our previous posts [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/anotherstepforwardinindiasleadershiponnetneutrality/. We included this in [our recent complaint]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wS1gUa0nl3YLM2Tlhjpej8l97cZanyZ/view to the DOT and TRAI which discussed the implementation of an enforcement mechanism the need for which has rapidly increased with unrestrained website blocking over the last couple of months. IFF continues to monitor the scene with SavetheInternets Take Action Petition receiving support from over a 1126 individuals emphasising the need for the enforcement of Net Neutrality. In addition although the number of reports have reduced our online reporting tool has received fresh responses of websites [Read here for more]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NvHjlRQSrfZZ2jTq3Qy97Jla0AVnrAIo59smAvZ4wg/editgid488589538 being blocked since March 25 2019. Here is a brief analysis. Streaming/VPN/Porn Continued reports of blocking against torrent and streaming websites VPNs porn websites and reddit spread over a wide geography within India. Cryptocurrency/Cloud Storage A recent addition has been reports of the blocking of cryptocurrency websites the kickstarter website cloud storage site mega.nz and Cloudflares DNS Server. Throttling Further there has been throttling of speeds without the use of a VPN on BSNL. Apart from the regular ISPs Jio Act Fibernet and You broadband wired connections such as Airwire Spectra Smartlink and GTPL have also engaged in blockings. Code Injections While not malicious there has been an instance of BSNL injecting advertisements into nonhttps websites. We restate the urgency and necessity for taking positive action not limited to an enforcement mechanism but also to the need for transparency and disclosure regulations for ISPs to ensure compliance with license amendments. Due importance to this needs to be given in the upcoming consultation process. Continuing with advocacy Today [we wrote again to the DOT]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1seyH554MRserRW7Nxyi3KUeYL6ywbrL/viewuspsharing marking a copy to TRAI pursues the issue further writing to the DOT informing them of the continued blocking. With no recourse to this the need for an appropriate enforcement mechanism looms over the functioning of a free and open internet. IFF will participate in the public consultation to ensure that an enforcement mechanism in line with TRAIs recommendations is advocated for and any other complementary steps deemed necessary. Links to important documents Raw spreadsheet of recent reports violations [link]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NvHjlRQSrfZZ2jTq3Qy97Jla0AVnrAIo59smAvZ4wg/edituspsharing Representation to the Department of Telecommunications on continued reports of Net Neutrality violations dated 29.05.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1seyH554MRserRW7Nxyi3KUeYL6ywbrL/viewuspsharing Recent representation to the Department Of Telecommunications on reports of net neutrality violations dated 27.03.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wS1gUa0nl3YLM2Tlhjpej8l97cZanyZ/view. Yes Indias Economy Is Growing but Can You Trust the Data. PM Modi may roll out public WiFi hotspots project. Modi govt to scale up Digital Village 2.0. Modi healthcare scheme won hearts and votes. Register or Apply for a Death Certificate Online in India. Have an Agent Helped You with the Ration Card Creation Process through the Internet. Is China Rerouting Its Exports To India Through Hong Kong. Reforms for a New India How to steer transformative economic change in Modis second term. Netherlands look to cooperate with India under PM Modis leadership. Economic growth may have slipped below 7 in FY19 lowest in 5 years ET Poll. FDI inflows contract for the first time in 6 years. A social index for Ease of Doing Business. youtube recommended me this video title is India Headed For Middle Income Trap PMs Economic Advisory Council Member.. Leaked BJP Cabinet Surprise inclusions. India replaces China as the fastestgrowing market for Taiwanese machine tools. Delhi govt to shut down coaching centres operating above fourth floor. Modi govt plans to resume oil imports from Iran skirt US sanctions. IndiGo the lowcost conqueror is now coming for Emirates Etihad Airways. In Counter To China India Scores Big Sri Lanka Port Deal With Japan. What is the reservation status of naturalized Indian citizens : Specifically if my Hajong friends get Indian citizenship under this government can they be eligible for ST status . Today I Mobilized an entire community to the aid of the so called worker class. I worked towards curbing the verbal and physical abuse of the staff at a local grocery outlet by classless customers. It is our moral duty to voice angst and put an end to hooliganism. Rabid is injustice: [removed]. 67 Lawmakers In Odisha Assembly Facing Criminal Charges Report. Kerala to levy 1 flood cess from 1 June. PM Modi likely to visit Maldives for first bilateral visit after reelection. To all the people that defend restaurant delivery aggregators packing charges: It is NOT just on the restaurant it is under the aggregators control too. They can choose not to partner with restaurants that repeatedly mess up orders serve shoddy food or incorrect orders not to mention charge exorbitant packing charges. Cost of containers and stuff in India for a 2 person meal is not more than 20 Rs. ampx200B So why do they not put pressure on the restaurants MONEY. BUSINESS. in specific INDIAN MINDED BUSINESS. fuck your customer sideways and in the ass and charge him for it. ampx200B \ Fake tracking \ Shitty app that shows 75100rs discounts with coupons then gives lower amounts. Customer service says the maximum amount has been changed to rs 25. two weeks later restaurant still shows 75 rs max discount nothing is updated let alone on time even after 2 weeks. \ Generally suspect discounts and pricing schemes \ partner up with shitty restaurants and provide shitty food ampx200B you are not helping anyone by backing these companies up. When expendable income was not as high 15 years ago all businesses bent over arse backwards to satisfy and even delight customers. Now that average spending is way up they care fuck all. Were basically providing them services not the other way around. ampx200B Its not this bad in the west lived in us for 6 years because of things like Better Business Beaureu lawsuits etc. But its true its happening to some degree there too. Its the lack of any enforcement or legal framework that allows these pirates to operate legally.. India pips UK to be 5th largest economy Source World Economic Outlook April 2019. Centuries old Guru Nanak palace partially demolished in Paks Narowal Report. Textile industry asks retailers to source garments locally. China proposes ASEAN3 mega free trade agreement sans India Australia and NZ. Why Zomato is hiding some restaurants from main lists of restaurants that deliver to my area: This is a very shady thing to do. You have listed a restaurant on your site for delivery but not showing it to potential customers and basically cutting off that restaurant but still charging them your share of cut when some loyal customer buys from that restaurant What business is this At least Swiggy and Uber Eats shows all the restaurants. tldr Some restaurants are not on the main list when you open the app you have to search for the restaurant on another window and choose delivery option from there.. Latest World Poverty Clock update estimates that India has achieved a lt3 extreme poverty rate. Does India need a strict two child policy: So Baba Ramdev in all his wisdom suggested liquor ban cow protection rights and a third child no benefit policy. While I dont agree with the first two the two child policy does sound like the need of the hour. We as Indians complain about quality of life unemployment poverty lack of equitable resources and what have you Maybe the two child policy will help stabilize a good deal of our issues Whats your two paisa on this. Switzerland steps up process to share banking info 11 Indians get notices in a day.. Govt clears restructuring of statistical system proposes NSSO CSO merger. The Indian Government Has Systematically Used Torture to Crush Opposition in Kashmir New Report Finds. Book Recommendation Mihir Sharmas Restart: I think this is a perfect book to read right now for anyone interested in Indian politics or economy. As Modi 2.0 starts I am hoping for some big bang reforms land amp labour being the biggest ones. This book by Mihir Sharma is a good introduction to understanding what reforms India desperately needs right now. The subtitle for the book is alarming amp in some way absolutely true. Its the last chance for the Indian economy or we are going to be stuck in the Middle Income Trap as Rathin Roy has been pointing out. I expected this book to be informative but a plain amp boring read. But it is so well written. It has a Right tilt amp considers the issue of farmer suicide as statistical jugglery. It asks us to stop jerking off to the 1991 reforms by Congress. But I have always read books from the lenses of the Left. This was a new experience. I recommend everyone to read it. Heres a Quote I loved ampx200B [We make nothing. Nothing.]https//i.redd.it/44ks6hl9vj031.jpg. Navy HAL keen to supply Navy with light utility helicopters The NUH programme is a key priority for the Navy that wants to retire its ageing Chetak fleet and is short of rotary wing aircraft for warships at sea.. On anvil Rs 30 lakh crore transport boost. Higher education to get a boost with 1.5 lakh crore action plan. Translation of PMs speeches: [removed]. ISIS Boat Reportedly Sets Off From Sri Lanka Kerala Coast On High Alert. 1.37 crore formal sector jobs created in FY19 shows EPFO subscription data. Has the conflict with Muslims in Sri Lanka been reported by Indian media: In Sri Lanka there is currently a lot of tension between Tamils and Muslims. Considering the amount of attention being historically given to the conflict between Tamils and Sinhalese I would presume that they would give a similar amount of attention to the conflict between Tamils and Muslims. But Ive been hearing a lot of comments from Tamils that the media have not been covering/reporting on the riots and conflicts in a balanced manner. The Easter Bombings happened after the Tamil Nadu elections so it probably had no effect on the election of DMK.. Why dont we Indians also start to ditch the dollar as rupee rate has plunged so far: [removed]. Indias lead over China as worlds fastestgrowing economy will widen in coming years By Nupur Anand. Indian Air Force DRDO test fires guided bomb from Sukhoi combat jet. Only reporter India needs. Role of government in Corporate Social Responsibility in India Innovative Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd: [removed]. Democracy first and foremost.:  https//i.redd.it/cirx7l419xz21.png An organisational statement by Apar Gupta Executive Director IFF has over the past 8 months has done substantial work to raise civic awareness and institutional engagement on digital rights. With the election results coming in there exists celebration but also anxiety as to the strength of a mandate that can pose a challenge to individual liberties freedoms which increasingly interact and are determined by digital tools and technologies. We congratulate the results of this festival of democracy which by no means was perfect but requires to be respected. We look forward to the next term of the central government which can advance digital rights as a priority. To those who are fearful at this moment we wish to reassure and stress on the importance of solidarity. We have been blessed to be in a country that promises us justice liberty equality and fraternity. These are values that are articulated by the Constitution but they are not achieved by default but committed labour. IFF is here to serve this need. Today we draw lessons from Constituent Assembly speech by Dr B.R. Ambedkar on the 25th November 1949 [PDF link]https//www.mea.gov.in/Images/attach/amb/Volume06.pdf. In his speech Dr. Ambedkar outlined with prescient clarity methods to hold power to account. Strengthen constitutional methods This means engaging and safeguarding institutions. This includes all our constitutional bodies. The legislature judiciary and the executive government in all its arms such as the Election Commission or the Telecom Regulatory Authority. IFF intends to continue its engagement to ensure that our democratic traditions are stretched. Focus on policy rather than a person We continue to work on the substance of proposals legislation court judgements and executive orders. Promoting evidence based participative and transparent frameworks for crafting technology policy. Victories on this will only be possible by making these materials engaging comprehensible and participative for a greater number of ordinary everyday Indians. Strive for social democracy and fraternity As per Dr. Ambedkar social democracy consisted of a trinity of liberty equality and fraternity. This holistic view is present in all our work and we deeply believe in his words that Fraternity means a sense of common brotherhood of all Indiansof Indians being one people. It is the principle which gives unity and solidarity to social life.. Today is a day for unity and solidarity. Remembering the objectives of constitutional governance as opposed to government being only an end in itself. Towards this we will keep engaging and building a community of passionate supporters and collaborating with activisits and civil society organisations. IFFs challenges may increase but we remain optimistic. With humility we recognise the importance of our mission. The integration of technology will increase with our lives beyond cities and towns into the villages and the distant hamlets of our vast and diverse country. At this moment we would also like to clearly set out our funding model. We are a registered nonprofit aiming to draw funds from individual givings by Indians. This is also being supplemented and being made sustainable by organisational donations. To us our funding philosophy is a powerful method for ensuring a level of democratic legitimacy in our work and priorities. It makes us responsive accountable and transparent. It allows us to do work which carries an element of risk such as approaching courts and taking clear advocacy positions on digital rights with political parties. You can strengthen our mission and help us do much more hire the best staff have better resources and create a larger level of impact. [I urge you to become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ We promise to do our small bit to safeguard our constitutional values in a connected world. New government of India Its time to legalize cannabis in India.: [removed]. Reliances Mukesh Ambani to give Amazons Jeff Bezos run for his money in India. 7 Fun Fact about RBI. Politics aside: Sensex at record new heights. Thats good news. Make in India boost for Indian Railways ICF worlds largest coach manufacturer rolls out 60000th coach. Anyone interested in running for elections and learning about them: [removed]. Full text of Justice N.V. Ramanas letter to recuse himself from the judges committee to probe complaint against CJI. Breakin at Indian Air Forces Paris office handling Rafale info Report. Browse PM Modi Governments Schemes amp Yojanas That Were Launched. Why did Arunachal Pradesh not see the same kind of insurgency as the rest of the Northeastern States : [removed]. Mitesh Patel Gay Pharmacist Murdered Wife So He Could Use Her Embryos To Start Family With Male Lover gagersdaily. IMF Loan Complete Analysis Why and how much Pakistan economic in trouble. Rupee strengthens for third day against US dollar. New Prime Minister should ease land acquisition rules CEA Krishnamurthy Subramanian. Delhi High Court dismisses Monsanto plea to enforce BT cotton seed patent. Being responsive on the Jammu amp Kashmir report. All of the worlds top 10 cities with the fastestgrowing economies will be in India. How India is solving its cooling challenge. The Kilogram Gets A Makeover India: [removed]. India on road to car registration portability. India to grow at 7 in FY20 over domestic consumption investment United Nations Report. Mods please dont remove it. I tried to report a mob lynching that happened right in front of my house Heres what happened [Kolkata]: VERY LONG POST SO READ AT YOUR OWN RISK It happened 2 years ago. I was in class 10 then now 12. It was around 1115 at night. I live in a busy area of the city but around that time roads usually get empty. There was a guy in our area who had some mental illness. He never attacked anyone never did any bad thing. All he did was walking in the road singing loudly or saying weird shit Like Bom bom bholey Or I made Parth Chatterjee the minister. He said in a way that made everyone laugh. He was pretty known on our area. Anyway that night just after completed my dinner I heard some screaming and loud noises outside. Where I live is very safe and peaceful other than elections I cant remember anything like that happening there in my 17 years of life. So I looked outside and saw some guys were beating up that mentally unstable man. Why What I heard that he had said something about our councillor TMC probably made a joke about him and they were taking his revenge. It was happening right outside of my window. We dont live in a house. We live in an apartment. Nobody not a single one said anything. Because nobody wanted to get in trouble. I immediately tried to dial 100 but my mom stopped me. My family doesnt have any strong member. I live with my single mom old grandpa and grandma. She didnt want to get into any trouble. I knew where she was coming from but it was hard just to sit and watch TV. The sound was getting louder. They were using some woods now. I had never felt so angry in my entire life. Adrenaline was overflowing in my blood. What struck me the most was that 5 people were attacking a mentally unstable guy who was in one word powerless. I took out my phone and recorded the whole thing. There was a tree in front of my window and the lighting was not good either. Still I a managed to get some footage and all the sound. I opened my laptop and logged into Facebook. I didnt even use Facebook. The account was created when I was in 7th grade. I never used it after 8th. I changed my name and used a fake photo that I couldnt be spotted. I uploaded that video. I tagged as many people as I could. From the CM to Kolkata Police and every minister I knew the name of. A lot of time justice is server through social media right I thought this video would get viral and those people will be caught. The next day noon I checked my account. Nothing had happened. 37 likes no comments. I didnt want to give up. I DMed the official page of Kolakat police. They didnt respond. I did it again with str8nger words. They replied Please contact your local police station I tried to explain my position. That my family wont let me. That I didnt want to get into any trouble. Then I messeged again this time almost insulting them. I mean I was using a fake profile anyway. Give us your contact number This was unexpected Im very good at texting but not in talking. But I thought it could be the last chance. I gave them my mobile number. First they asked my exact location. Then everything that happened. Then if I was sure that the local councillor or his people were involved. I said yes They took him name multiple times. Then another unexpected question. Give us the address and the contact details of the victim What I didnt even know the guy Hes probably homeless. He cant have a phone. And even if he did how was I supposed to know his number I told them that he was mentally unstable and I didnt know anything about him. Then they went rough. They asked why I was messaging them if I didnt know anything about the victim. They said they cant just try to find him out of nowhere even though that is probably their job. They warned me to not call again if I didnt have the address or contact number of the victim. I dont know who was right there. Im just wondering what if you saw a rape or a murder on the road. For some reasons you couldnt report immediately but you recorded a footage and had information about the criminals wont you be allowed to report afterwards just because you dont have the contact information of the victim. Droughthit Chennai has 1.3 of water in its reservoirs one of the lowest in 70 yrs. Data of Instagram Influencers Leaked Traced To India Report. Phantom sensations of 66A.:  https//i.redd.it/0aur0pyepiz21.png Phantom sensations of 66A. Once again 66A has been brought to the forefront of every news report the whole of this last week. Were sure it caught everyones attention considering a meme was involved. [Weve explained the journey of 66A earlier]https//internetfreedom.in/theserightsarentgoingtofightthemselves/ that the Supreme Court in the Shreya Singhal case in 2015 declared it unconstitutional. However after a study conducted showed pending cases of 66A still on the loose Peoples Union for Civil Liberties along with the study approached the Honble Supreme Court once again. Victoriously the Court ordered that copies of the Shreya Singhal judgement be passed on to all Courts Prosecutors and Police Departments in India to bring about the necessary awareness of its unconstitutionality. However not to despair since we went back to court with PUCL a skimming through the web and online legal databases do infact show an absence of pending 66A cases. To evidence the same a case in the Patna High Court CR. WJC No.72 of 2019 acknowledges the wrongful use of Section 66A in a detention order by the State Government and has required it to revisit the matter in order to consider the correctness [Read the judgement here]https//indiankanoon.org/doc/158318530/. While there has clearly been a drop in the presence of 66A two recent instances have brought it back to the spotlight. We know its been a greyskied week especially in Delhi as youll see a little later in this post. Adventures at the Supreme Court of India Event I The Supreme Court has had an interesting last week. Petitioner A. Siva Raman filed a contempt petition Conmt.Pet.C No. 618/2019 in the case filed by Peoples Union for Civil Liberties asking the court to ensure the passing of the Shreya Singhals judgement to which the Court with J. Rohinton Nariman and J. Vineet Saran on May 10 2019 issued notice [Read the order here]https//drive.google.com/openid1h1qamt7pPRaiDO8rGkaI7T8NR2g0fZ4Q. While we are not entirely aware of the reason for the contempt petition it would be reasonably fair to infer that there has been a breach of the directions of the Supreme Courts orders. As soon as we have more information an update will be put out. Event II In West Bengal a 25 year old woman named Priyanka Sharma member of the Bharatiya Janata Party was arrested for posting a meme on Facebook. The meme was a picture of Chief Minister Mamata Bannerjee in place of Priyanka Chopras face at her appearance at the Met Gala. On the basis of a complaint by a member of the Trinamool Congress an FIR was filed against her invoking the essence of Section 66A of the Information Technology Act as a reason for which she was arrested. There is a lack of clarity as to whether the original charges emphatically quoted Section 66A itself as consistently reported by the media or merely imposed its effect within the ambit of Section 66 of the IT Act. Approaching the Supreme Court the vacation bench of the Supreme Court immediately ordered her release by the West Bengal Government but along side stated that she apologise in writing once she was released. News reports indicate that before her release Priyanka Sharma was forced to sign a written apology. While the Court may have tried to avoid implying the apology was preconditional to her release its final order managed to convey just that. Bar and Bench has uploaded the application seeking directions from the Court for her release [here]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/05/RajibSharmaApplication.pdf. Although the closure report of the police in West Bengal indicated that it has no basis for the charges filed the intention behind the purpose of using Section 66 was quite clear. The continued use of this provision has definitely been concerning especially after having gone to Court twice however its use finding a way through the guise of Section 66 calls for the need to be more vigilant in ensuring the essence of 66A no longer prevails. Once again IFF will continue to all that it can to uphold the right to freedom of speech and experience if every which was it possibly can. Link to important documents Notice in the Contempt Petition filed by A. Siva Raman \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1h1qamt7pPRaiDO8rGkaI7T8NR2g0fZ4Q\] Help IFF fight against the phantom limb [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Priority call. India Is Running Out of Time to Enact Urgently Needed Reforms. See All the Schemes the Modi Government Launched in its Term: Hey all As a tribute to everything the BJP government has done in its leadership Ive created an app to showcase all the schemes that they have launched no matter which government turns out to take take the reign in the next few days. It may even help you as citizens of India to see what schemes are available to you besides dedicating this to the government in the last years I also kinda made it so it was easy for me to keep track of all that has been done. As a thanks to all you redditors its ADfree for a limited time to all those who install through here. Here you go [https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.trollgen.indiagovernmentschemes]https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidcom.trollgen.indiagovernmentschemes. Breaking the silence Report documents torture in Kashmir. Sensex creates history. Welcome Mudi Kaka. Breaking the silence New report documents torture in Kashmir. Breaking the silence New report documents torture in Kashmir. India faces a daunting problem how to provide access to cooling to its citizens without warming the planet.. Opinion The relocation of state capitals could boost Indias economy. India will suffer for Modis failure to tackle corruption. Middle Income Trap Current Affairs 2019. Despite Centres claims India is staring at economic slowdown. Consumption has long propped up Indias economy so its decline is cause for alarm. Venom venom venom. BSNL engaging in code injections.:  Processing img pasrqtt6sqy21... Highlights Background IFF has received an increasing number of reports through its online reporting tool of various net neutrality violations. A particularly interesting response also informed us of browser injections by BSNL. Need for security BSNLs disregard to the security of their networks is alarming given the sensitivity of the nature of information transmitted in these fields. We ask BSNL to take necessary recourse in addressing the issue. Background In [our previous posts]https//internetfreedom.in/whataweekupdatesfromsavetheinternetonwebsiteblocking/ we introduced our online reporting tool to keep a record of Net Neutrality violations around India. One of the responses that stood out informed us of browser injections by BSNL permitting advertisements on nonHTTPS sites. We decided to look into the issue further which led to the discovery of numerous public complaints on social networking platforms and discussion forums of similar injections. Venomous code injections Techniques such as code injections are generally used to gain unauthorised access to systems compromise the integrity and safety of sensitive data or deny access amongst other significantly detrimental consequences. After learning of its prevalence within the BSNL services it led to concern not only the security of the information involved but especially the illegality of their actions so we put it to the test against various frameworks in existence. The Information Technology Act 2000 Section 43 of the Act provides various protections to information that is within a computer resource in order to maintain its integrity and security from unauthorised attacks. Hacking of a computer system deceptively in such a manner would even render one punishable by fine or imprisonment under Section 66 of the Act. Not only is injecting code done without the knowledge of the individual its purpose is to undermine the vulnerabilities of the code to fulfil its own agenda. Cellular Media Telephone Services Agreement As far as we could find BSNL is governed by the provisions of Cellular Media Telephone Services agreement which specifies in clause 44.4 that the Licensee BSNL is to ensure protection of privacy of communication and ensure that unauthorized interception of messages does not take place. Permitting such insertion of code definitely permits unauthorised interception of the original code which in all likelihood puts in jeopardy the security and protection of the privacy of the transmission. This is in clear breach of its own license conditions. The Department of Telecommunications also circulated a notice providing for minimum requirements of security to be met by Licensee in line with the DoTs licensing conditions in May 2011. It specifically expects measures to be in place against intrusion of malware protection of information in networks and its facilities basic updated security measures in compliance with statutory regulatory licensing or contractual obligations. BSNL appears to be clearly failing to meet these requirements. So we decided to write to BSNL stating exactly this explaining how it is in contravention with a multitude of provisions [Read it here]https//drive.google.com/openid1q7aFOmqCOzvRaoifMheTOE16AdRTmIb. In addition to this we have also attached to this representation a compilation of various reports of such code injections. Such thorough documentation has only been possible to the proactive users of Twitter and Reddit you guys have led us to some pretty intense discussion forums. We provide BSNL with some necessary next steps provided below in not only addressing the issue but to provide some accountability for their lack of redressal over user complaints. Investigate Formulate a working group to coordinate the legal and technological departments and then conduct an official audit specifically investigating each reported incident and identify the reasons for its occurrence in different geographies. Disclose Public disclosure of the findings of the audit and take the proportionate corrective measures. Fix Take immediate actions in the interim as well as standing instructions which may be considered to prevent recurrence. We are optimistic that BSNL will pay heed to our representation and take needed action. We do mention that in case of failure to do so IFF fully intends to move forward with strategic steps to approach Government authorities including CERT IN and the Department of Telecommunication to bring awareness and the required response in strengthening existing security measures. Link to important documents Representation to BSNL on Code Injections \[[link]https//drive.google.com/openid1q7aFOmqCOzvRaoifMheTOE16AdRTmIb\] Ads making you mad Help IFF fight against it for you. [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Study finds semihighspeed rail line feasible Kochuveli to Kasargod corridor. Pepsi Coke may go off shelves in T.N. from August. Pepsi Coke may go off shelves in Tamil Nadu from August.. Smaller cities emerging as magnets for migrants. Indias next government faces economic slowdown. NYAY or not we are not taxing the economy enough says economist Abhijit Banerjee. To fund any minimum income guarantee scheme many current schemes may have to be reviewed shut down says one of the economists consulted for formulating NYAY.. NYAY or not we are not taxing the economy enough says economist Abhijit Banerjee. To fund any minimum income guarantee scheme many current schemes may have to be reviewed shut down says one of the economists consulted for formulating NYAY.. Opinion Education Budget should be announced separately: The history of a separate railway budget was that it was a distinguished priority of the British government and therefore it was announced separately. Independent inherited this legacy. While now railways is not the most expensive spending and we are stopping its special status we should now place a similar priority to education. A separate education budget shouldnt just be a gimmick but basically a promise of a minimum amount of money the govt. will spend every year on education with transparency and detailed preplanning. This would also give the public knowledge and accessibility to negotiate this amount to even more if the govts attention is not adequate. Would also education to become a nonnegotiable element of our economic spending keeping out of reach of the whims of political parties.. To Redditors of Kolkata: Its not the buildings the roads the bridges amp other concrete that make a city what it is but the people inhabiting it. Hence my dearest peers knowing this city to be their home lend me your ears. These are dark times that were going through. Violence. Oppression. Racism. You name it and its what we experience ad nauseam. Change is needed. We need it we demand it and this being the season of ballot boxes amp EVMs we yearn to vote to that end. Tis here I beg to differ and ask is it really a considerable choice when were given to choose our predators between lions tigers and wolves Yes one of them is way worse than the others amp needs to be gone for everyones good but is empowering the other murderers any better For as long as I remember our lives have been spent as slaves amp serfs to these powers the fools bigots amp goons called politicians we elect into leaders the banks capitalists amp industrialists we sell ourselves to and to each other caught in their barbaric game of tag in which were all it in the end. I want to change all of that dont you They say everything big starts small. Hence in a world of 7.6 billion would it be too wrong to start with our city of 14 million prided so much for its openness liberalism amp intellegentia Kolkata is OUR CITY OUR COMMONS OUR HOME enclosed by bigots amp greedy gluttons to have created a graveyard for our dreams and for life especially for the thousands who pour into it everyday hoping to obtain the collectively acknowledged fictional oxygen called money required of us all to exist. This is no longer a city but a corporate heath bearing concrete in place of vegetation. I yearn of you hence lets not set aside our differences on who we wish to elect which fiction we wish to pray to and so on but evolve our minds to move beyond such gibberish and actually work to make this city sustainable homely liveable post partisanism post market post capitalist and really smart not just a dumb city with proprietary wifi that the oligarchs deem smart. Let us build on this pyre of yesterdays failures a new city that truly would shower joy on all. Considering todays problems my wish is to take back the city into our collective hands as our commons manage it so and make it thrive not grow exponentially. Of course when I say take back I dont ask for a violent revolution of the ploretariat but establishment of mutualaidnetworks amp P2P Commoning practices with each of our houses condos etc. being its reliable nodes. It is impossible to build such a space using current structures such as the market a network where people paywall goods amp services to exploit each other amp accumulate capital or the state with its systemic biases of race religion etc. the NGO circus standing on Corporate Social Responsibility Grants acting as bandaids distributed by those that machine gun us and other topdown vertical hierarchical institutions. Therefore lets start here as the Kolkata Commons Collective a mutualaidnetwork where we organize ourselves horizontally as equals and work hard to produce maintain and common the commons for us all to enjoy. In case you think my beliefs to be Utopian and my ideas too lofty the same was amp still is thought of the knowledge commons Wikipedia the numerous thriving Wikis Free amp Open Source Software especially Linux which powers apart from the desktops of a few of us the entire internet all supercomputers most phones Android Sailfish Tizen Open Source Hardware such as Arduino Raspberry Pi RISC V the Wikispeed car FOSMC bike 3D Printers Open Designs Creative Commons works Theatre Commons grouups Cities like Seoul Barcelona Brussels etc. the hackerspaces amp real makerspaces anarchist nonprofit commons oriented ones unlike the corporate forprofit open washes of science museums amp technical schools coming up around the world etc. and many more. The big question is whether we continue our banal servile practically cannibalistic ways being skeptical of our capabilities or pitch in to prove the marketworshiping orthodox skeptics wrong to liberate ourselves and eveyone else [Heres a nice introduction to the Commons]https//youtu.be/nsRFdBBOyzUt155. In case you wonder what are these commons I so talk about feel free to check this [6minutes short]https//www.youtube.com/watchvwpRS9167vk or [24minutes long]https//www.youtube.com/watchvcKrcQ30518 explanations. If you so happen to think everything is fine amp will be fine [heres also a little something for you to consider]https//www.youtube.com/watchvQX3M8Ka9vUA. If you wish to binge a bit more check out [how amp why the City should be a Commons]https//www.youtube.com/watchvz3itmhDuem8 or [a summary of commoning]https//www.youtube.com/watchvake8u8tpR5U. After that of course let us please network amp work Here are some of my proposals a list to which youre more than welcome to add via comments maybe. Proposals Localizing our physical economic circuits to reduce the ecological footprint amp make the city resilient to calamities both natural amp artificial. The media may be glorifying Orissa on its disaster management since Fani hit but lets remember that huge sectors of the state are still dead without electricity water etc. since being dependent on a centralized power grid system theyve no recourse but wait for the long electrical and other circuits to be connected again become functional again. So noting the above creating improving amp sharing our own version of [Open Source Ecology]http//opensourceecology.org/s [Global Village Construction Set]https//www.opensourceecology.org/gvcs/gvcsmachineindex/ and establishing a network of [Hackerspaces]https//hackerspaces.org/ to start manufacturing [Glocally]http//commonstransition.org/whatisp2panintroduction/ doing the light things globally and the heavy things locally to aid us. Running a web of [SOLEs Self Organized Learning Environments]https//www.theschoolinthecloud.org/ to aid our education. Creating a distributed internet based on meshnet technology using the [ESP8266]http//esp8266.net/ and similar Open Source Wireless microchips protocols like [LoRaWAN]https//loraalliance.org/aboutlorawan like systems etc. to free our dependence on centralized paid private connection providers we use to access the WWW and communicate. So think distributed web with [IPFS]http//ipfs.io/ amp [dat]https//datproject.org/ protocols along with garlic routed P2P VoIP accessible amp managed as a common without any central authority or monetary barriers. Manufacturing amp distribution of basic phones similar to the [WiPhone]http//a.wiphone.io/ to inhabitants who require it and much much later a fully Open Source [RISC V]https//riscv.org/ based smartphone running [Android ROM]https//source.android.com/s or [GNU/Linux distros]https//itsfoss.com/opensourcealternativesandroid/ with touch friendly UIs. Establishing a real public transport system using carsharing algorithms Real Sharing and not Uber/Ola/Lyft/.../s share washed microlending economy to share the leftover seating amp storage spaces on our existing Cars converting our petrol amp diesel drinkers to sustainable local sources such as electric via renewables like solar wind hydro etc. collecting scavenging amp hacking the abandonned vehicles lying on randomly on roads especially around Police Stations to aid these ventures producing distributing amp evolving the [WikiSpeed]http//wikispeed.org/ [OSCAR]http//www.theoscarproject.org/ [OpenMotors]https//www.openmotors.co/ [Tabby]https//www.openmotors.co/tabbyevo/ [FOSMC]https//www.fictiv.com/blog/fosmc amp other platforms and connecting them as a Transport Commons for everyone to enjoy. Running networks of [submersiles]https//www.openrov.com/ [solar powered]https//solarimpulse.com/ [lightweight]http//ligetistratos.com/index.html [aircraft]http//makerplane.org/ amp [low altitude satellite systems]https//libre.space/ to physically reach greater distances without having to go through state regulations and corporate pay walling. Establishing distributed powergrids using solar wind and other available sustainable technology to escape our dependence on the Power Corps. Movement to Open Source platforms as opposed to proprietary private ones to remove our dependence on Corps. For instance moving from MS Windows Apple Mac OS X etc. to GNU/Linux distros FreeBSD forks etc. Nurturing Open Source Communities to voluntarily labour to help develop the global Open Source pool and other Commons Creating a [network]https//farm.bot/ of Vertical Farms Aeroponic Gardens Aquaponic Greenhouses and so on to [produce]http//farmhack.org/tools Food Commons for us all networking into a postmarket moneyless ecosystem using the [Open Food Network]https//openfoodnetwork.org/. Creating a network of sustainable [water]http//www.freewat.eu/ cycles to provide potable [fresh water commons]http//openwaterfoundation.org/. Providing universal healthcare as a commons producing [Open Source medicines]http//www.opensourcepharma.net/ amp [medical equipment]https//hackaday.com/2018/01/30/makingthecaseforopensourcemedicaldevices/ in our mesh of [biohackerspaces]https//biohack.me/ [while also]http//openbci.com/ [extending our human bodies]https//openprosthetics.org/ capabilities through transhumanist practices and sustaining a thriving grinding biohacking culture in the city. Hacking our prodigal buildings to make them [more comfortable effective amp efficient]https//www.openbuildinginstitute.org/ connecting everything with DiY Open Source IoT systems. Nurturing a thriving proscience DiY hacker/maker culture in our city along with aiding education in STEAM Science Technology Engineering Arts amp Mathematics and the humanities in their advanced forms ... the list goes on. And finally scaling to the suburbs and villages of West Bengal and even other cities in other states connecting Kolkata to the global commons movement and making ourselves visible on the global map to help liberate the world.. India is too big to govern properly and so we need smaller divisions: India is too big and difficult to govern properly it is a common excuse often used to justify all the problems and shortcomings we have. So we need smaller units to govern it properly. However creating smaller states out of the large ones would create wide resentments among people. It is not feasible everywhere. So what about some alternative plans We could create some specialized substates within states like these 1 Mega City Regions MCR The urban agglomerations with 5 million plus populations. There are 7 such areas according to 2011 census namely Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Chennai Bangalore Hyderabad and Pune. The mayor of an MCR would be ranked as an Assistant CM of a state. The regions would have its own police administration and economic freedom. 2 Large City Regions LCR The urban agglomerations with 1.5 million plus populations. There are 20 such areas according to 2011census like Surat Jaipur Kanpur Lucknow Nagpur Kochi Patna Vizag etc. The mayor of an LCR would be ranked just below the mayor of an MCR. The regions would have its own police administration and economic freedom but with less autonomy than an MCR. 3 Special Tourism Regions STR Some areas are frequented by millions of tourists every year. These regions need special type of governance focused on tourism related issues like safety cleanliness communications preservation of nature etc. Some probable STRs are some parts of Goa Kerala Mysore Ajanta Ellora Visakhapatnam Puri Konark Digha Darjeeling Shillong Sikkim Kulu Manali etc. The head of an STR would be ranked same as the mayor of an LCR with similar power. 4 Special Economic Zones SEZ Areas with less strict rules and regulations to run a business with sufficient infrastructures. These zones would have similar autonomy to an LCR. 5 Special Mining Zones SMZ Areas with a lot of minerals and mines like some parts of the Chhota nagpur in Jharkhand hilly regions of Odisha etc. 6 Special Nature Reserves SNR Areas with big forests deserts hills etc which need special protections. An autonomous local government could do it better. 7 National Nature Reserves NNR Large areas spreading around multiple states need a different type of division. An NNR would have more autonomy than an SNR. Such regions are Western Himalayas Eastern Himalayas North Eastern hills Eastern Ghats Western Ghats Vindhya Satpura hills and Nilgiri region. 8 Special Coastal Regions SCR The coastal regions need different types of administration covering both land and sea. 9 International Border Regions IBR These areas would be like thin lines covering multiple states. The focus should be on national security controlling smuggling and illegal immigrations. The administration here should have to work with different army and paramilitary orgs. What do you think about it. UAE New Interim 6Months Multiple Entry Visa: The UAE on Wednesday announced a sixmonth multiple entry visa for investors talented individuals and outstanding students so that they can explore opportunities and review facilities for longterm residency in the country. Check the complete article on [https//www.khaleejtimes.com/nation/dubai/uaelaunchessixmonthmultipleentryvisa23]https//www.khaleejtimes.com/nation/dubai/uaelaunchessixmonthmultipleentryvisa23. National Institute of Nutrition stands by its report on no onion garlic in its meals. RBI finds bad loan divergence in Union Bank. India Headed For Middle Income Trap PMs Economic Advisory Council Member. Blocking of satirical dowry calculator website prompts us to take action WhatTheBlock SaveTheInternet: [removed]. Centre Looks To Make QR Codes Mandatory For All Shops Report. 996 overtime schedule can help India catch up with China. We wont give up IFF approaches CIC against MHAs refusal to disclose surveillance figures: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/e4jeb9q4v5y21.png Highlights Background After the MHA rejected our RTI applications about use of surveillance powers under Section 69 of the IT Act IFF has filed an appeal before the Central Information Commission to take the fight for transparency to its logical end. Farfetched exemptions sought by MHA IFFs RTI applications which only sought consolidated total figures were rejected by the MHA on flimsy grounds. Moreover the MHAs refusal is hypocritical because in the past it has voluntarily disclosed details of specific cases cracked using surveillance. Background In December 2018 IFF had filed six RTI applications seeking statistics about electronic surveillance under Section 69 of the Information Technology Act 2000. Section 69 is also at the heart of our PIL demanding judicial oversight in the surveillance process. The information obtained through these RTI applications would support our litigation work and you can read more about our PIL for surveillance reform [here.]https//internetfreedom.in/ifffilesrejoinderinpilseekingsurveillancereform/ Having a meaningful discussion about surveillance is impossible in India due to lack of facts and figures. So how do we fix this problem Through these RTI applications we hoped to fill this gap and bring statistical data which could form the basis of an informed debate into the public domain. To give you a sense of our RTI queries the following is an illustrative list of figures sought by us 1. Total number of surveillance orders passed by the Competent Authority. 2. Total number of surveillance requests from law enforcement agencies rejected by the Competent Authority. 3. Total number of surveillance orders passed by the Competent Authority for prevention of any offence affecting the sovereignty or integrity defense or security of the State. 4. Total number of surveillance orders passed by the Competent Authority for investigation of any offence. 5. Total number of orders which authorize surveillance for more than 15 days. Total number of surveillance orders which were renewed for a period exceeding 60 days. As you can see we did not ask for details of a specific interception order or a particular individual. However despite our request being limited to anonymous and consolidated figures the MHA refused to provide the information citing various exemptions under Section 81 of the Right to Information Act 2005. In his response the Public Information Officer merely stated that disclosure of surveillance related statistics would threaten national security under Section 81a endanger the safety of third parties under Section 81g and interfere with ongoing investigations under Section 81h. The First Appellate Authority also cursorily rejected our first appeal without explaining how harm would be caused by disclosure of total figures. The untenability of MHAs objections Unwilling to give up we filed a second appeal before the Central Information Commission. In our appeal we have argued that our request should not be denied under Section 81 because we have not sought any identifying information about an individual or details of a particular interception order. The MHAs refusal is especially ironic because as recently as February 2019 it has willingly provided details of even specific cases cracked using surveillance. In its counteraffidavit to our PIL seeking surveillance reform the MHA has provided an illustrative list of forty three cases which were solved through surveillance. This illustrative list is intended to bolster the MHAs defence of its surveillance powers and therefore there is selective disclosure of surveillance related data when it suits the governments interests. We need hard data for informed public debate In the absence of total figures it is impossible to know what proportion of surveillance leads to actionable intelligence and if the Government is casting an excessively wide net. Without this data we do not know if the Competent Authority and Review Committee are merely acting as a rubber stamp and approving surveillance requests by law enforcement agencies without proper scrutiny. As the old saying goes everyone is entitled to their own opinion but not their own facts. Reliable and accurate data on surveillance could serve as a common basis for discussion between people holding opposing views and this is why we are determined to go the distance in this fight for transparency. When such data has been made available in other countries it has opened up the surveillance process to public scrutiny. For instance in the United States there was considerable uproar after it was revealed that Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Courts approved 99.97 surveillance requests received from the government. While the implications of such a high approval rate are [debatable]https//www.stanfordlawreview.org/online/istheforeignintelligencesurveillancecourtreallyarubberstamp/ the mere existence of such data enables the public to have an informed discussion on the subject. The lack of data is far more alarming in the Indian context because unlike the United States we do not have any judicial oversight in the surveillance process and all decisions are taken by bureaucrats belonging to the executive branch. So what comes next We have been pursuing this through multiple levels of appeals and we will continue to persevere. Our efforts in court have already yielded results and the MHAs reply to our PIL has brought to light for the very first time the Secret Operating Procedure used for conducting surveillance. You can read more about the Secret Operating Procedure [here]https//internetfreedom.in/revealedsecretoperatingprocedurefollowedbythegovtfordigitalsnooping/. In this endeavour we have been supported by an amazingly committed team of lawyers including Sai Vinod Vrinda Bhandari Karan Lahiri Gautam Bhatia and Prateek Chadha. You can also do your bit to create a transparent accountable and privacy respecting system of surveillance by giving as little as Rs.100 every month. We hope you will help us in this mission by [becoming an IFF member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ today Important Links 1. Copies of second appeals filed by IFF before CIC \[[link]https//drive.google.com/drive/folders/10X4glAUqXZn6oRu3nl4LAJ3oFXljhJsuspsharing\] 2. Copy of counteraffidavit filed by the MHA in W.P.C. 44/2019 \[[link]https//theleaflet.in/centredefendssnoopingnotificationinthesupremecourt/\]. Rising balance in Jan Dhan accounts spells windfall for banks. Post poll India faces fuel price hike. Data wars Why politicians need to stay out of it. Kerala Schools to save 3000 crores30 Billion by using GNU/Linux OS. Prannoy Roy Analyses the UP Elections Some of the best reporting Ive ever seen from NDTV. Crisil Downgrades DHFLs Rs 850Crore Commercial Paper. Bringing out the big guns. Justice for Rights appeals.:  https//i.redd.it/qcxwq4ysgyx21.png Highlights Background On February 8 2019 a PIL by the Justice for Rights Foundation that made a plea for separate guidelines to regulate content on online streaming platforms was rightly dismissed by the Delhi High Court. However late last week an appeal was filed in the Supreme Court against this decision. An appeal to an appeal To ensure the freedom of speech and expression through online viewing platforms we hope the Supreme Court of India upholds the decision taken by the Delhi High Court in its stance on regulation of online streaming content. Background The Justice for Rights Foundation approached the Honble High Court of Delhi W.P. C 1164/2018 requesting for guidelines on regulating certain kinds of content on the online platform that included abusive language obscenity amongst many others. To our delight the judgement provided by the Honble Court established the capacity of the Information Technology Act 2000 to regulating online content through its provisions with no need for external regulations. To this the Justice for Rights Foundation filed a Special Leave Petition in the Honble Supreme Court of India. The court issued notice on May 5 2019 [Read the order here]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/05/JusticeforRightsFoundation.pdf. In [our previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/takeitandgo/ we looked at the reasoning provided by the Delhi High Court in maintaining that the provisions of the Information Technology Act 2000 were sufficient to deal with any concerns. We continue to appreciate the submissions by both the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology that enabled the Court to establish that no need for further guidelines were necessary. An appeal for an appeal To further this victory the judgement in the Justice for Rights case was relied upon in yet another case Nikhil Bhalla v. Union of India amp Ors W.P.C 7123/2018 where it was dismissed by the Delhi High Court [as we updated you earlier.]https//internetfreedom.in/onedowntwotogo/ However this appeal to the Supreme Court by Justice for Rights has the potential to impact the progressive stance taken by not only the Delhi High Court but also the Ministries involved. The remaining cases around the country as a result are at the behest of this appeal and could succumb to a transfer to the Supreme Court. We hope that the Supreme Court will uphold the position taken by the Honble Delhi Court and the Ministries in ensuring the uncensored freedom of viewing content sphere. IFF will continue to play a role that brings about this outcome. Link to important documents Special Leave Petition to the Supreme Court of India by Justice for Rights \[[link]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/05/JusticeforRightsFoundation.pdf\] Order of the Delhi High Court in Nikhil Bhalla v. Union of India amp Ors W.P.C 7123/2018 \[[link]http//delhihighcourt.nic.in/dhcqrydispo.asppn90948ampyr2019\] Order of the Delhi High Court in Justice for Rights v. Union of India W.P. C 1164/2018 \[[link]http//delhihighcourt.nic.in/dhcqrydispo.asppn90948ampyr2019\] Need Hulu to feel less blue Help us fight against TV style censorship creeping to the internet. [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Astrologer in Jalandhar Consult Pt. Desraj Sharma 91 9888483014.. Millionaires fleeing India in larger numbers Report. Rap for a Cause Poorna Sawaraj: [removed]. High on promise low on delivery UDAN not flying well. Top automakers cheer govt push for EV localization drive. The middle income trap that India must avert. Worrying Signs For India As More Than 50 Medical Colleges Produce Zero Research In a country that produces 50000 doctors every year a recent medical conference in Delhi revealed over the last 10 years332 out of the 576 medical institutions have failed to produce even a single research paper. A brief animated explanation of the Indian Election 2019. How demonetisation happened: Before Demonetisation RBI/Economists/Anyone with logic This move will have a negative effect on the economy and people will find ways to convert their black stashes by some way or the other also we are not ready to implement it at this moment as it will cause a hell lot of trouble to the entire nation to conclude this is a shitty move . Supreme Wisdom wale Modiji desh Main kaale dhan k badal chhaye hue hai note bandh kar do kuch problem hAi to paytm se kaam chal jayega kaam to hai nahi logo k paas line main khade hokar time pass bhi ho jayega Aur kisika paisa nikalne k liye kuch commission bhi Kama lege to deshwasiyo aaj 8 baje se economy ki lagnewali hai tumhara note Mujhe de do return main pink wala Gandhiji le lo. In parts of Kerala Nirahua is bigger than Mammootty Migrants from Bengal Bihar and Odisha are powering the economy but theyre also changing social cultural dynamics. Islamic State claims it has established province in India calls it Wilayah of Hind Report. Industrial production Weak manufacturing drags industrial production to 23month low of 0.1. In setback to banks NCLT orders Sterling Biotech liquidation. Women in UP TN and Bengal set up most units under PMs job scheme. Russian TV Reports On Indian Economic Miracle. Google under the lens of the Indian authorities for possible abuse of dominant market position with the Android operating system.. How India Compares To Its Peers. Modi Is Indias Best Hope for Economic Reform. Supreme Court issues notice to Centre in plea for regulation of online streaming platforms.. This happens a lot in India not the refunds ofcourse. More questions than answers in corporate databases used by govt. After UNSC ban on JeM Pakistans ISI sets up new terror group JaisheMutqi. India not obliged to be compliant with UPOV Experts to Minister. Indias incredulous data Economists create own benchmarks. Singapore passes fake news law facebook twitter and google need to put warning sign next to post. Amidst Indias Possible Ban Asia Attracts More Crypto Funding from VCs.. Indias Incredulous Data Economists Create Own Benchmarks. SC today asked Staff Selection Commission SSC to declare 2017 result for recruitment in Central Govt jobsalso appointed a high power committee headed by retd SC judge to suggest measures to make conduct of entrance exams for jobsampadmission in educational institutions foolproof ANI on Twitter. The real price of sugar and how the powers that be are looting us:  [https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/agribusiness/maharashtramath1kgsugar2515litreswater/article27072657.ece]https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/agribusiness/maharashtramath1kgsugar2515litreswater/article27072657.ece. Dodgy GDP numbers rattle markets stocks go into free fall. Schools Run By Indian Army In Jammu And Kashmir Secure 100 Pass Results In Class X CBSE Exams. Was Chinas rapid growth built on corruption. How to know the holdings on which the NAV performance of SBI pension plans depend on: We are looking to surrender the pension plan. I thought tracking its holdings and surrendering on a relatively profitable day would be better. However I am not able to find which holdings the plan depends on. Btw the plan is SBI Life Insurance Horizon II Pension.. Would love it if someone could review my content.. Why does India have to listen to US sanctions and stop importing oil from Iran at an enormous loss for us: [http//www.sify.com/news/usendsiranoilwaiversindiastudiesmovenewsinternationaltewxugiigjdcd.html]http//www.sify.com/news/usendsiranoilwaiversindiastudiesmovenewsinternationaltewxugiigjdcd.html US imposed sanctions on Iran last November to stop their exports but gave a waiver to India to keep importing oil from Iran as for India it is much cheaper to import from Iran instead of the US. The US government ended this waiver which if followed by India will force it to look for alternate and more expensive sources and is expected to make US a major supplier of crude to us. I think our government should not bow down to this bullying by the US and take a strong stance against it.. India Ambassador to China With China Stay Engaged and Alert. TAFE PCRA ink MoU for energy efficiency in agriculture. What are the Flagship Schemes of Government of India Everything You Need To Know. Inspired By Lanka Mastermind Man Plotted Suicide Attack In Kerala. The accused 29 has reportedly confessed to have been inspired by Zahran Hashim the alleged mastermind behind last Sundays suicide bombings in Sri Lanka in which at least 250 died.. Allegations against CJI Former woman employee of SC seeks copy of inhouse inquiry report. Study Claims Bengaluru Is Indias Infidelity Capital With 1.35 Lakh Reported ExtraMarital Affairs. Indian Owner Of Malayalam TV Station Flees UAE Amid Losses Report. CJI sexual harassment case Section 144 outside SC after protests against clean chit to Gogoi. International Tourist Arrival in India Open Government DataOGD Community. Fiscal fears loom as Modi government misses FY19 tax revenue target by over Rs 1 lakh crore. Reduce air pollution in india. India signs MoU with Japans largest egg producer ISE Foods in a bid to improve the quality of eggs waste management and disease diagnosis in poultry farms across the country. 25 lakh tourists visited India in 2018 availing eVisa. The Worst Aspect of Indias Internet Shutdowns Is the Official Secrecy About It. This is pretty awesome Indias Sexual Appetite Market Report 2019. This is pretty awesome Indias Sexual Appetite Market Report 2019 Not trying for a Daily Sax Thread but whatever lol. Two years of RERA Implementation still patchy in many states. Surfing OpenCorporationRanking. CJI Case SC Denies Justices Chandrachud Nariman Met Panel to Raise Questions About InHouse Hearings. Coaching centres in Uttar Pradesh reveal the growing job crisis in smalltown India. CJI sexual harassment case 2 judges raise questions over hearing without victim. How can we have an unemployment crisis when our country still has the fastest growing economy in the world as stated by UN report 21092020 Why are the people not questioning the methods of generating unemployment statistics in the same way they are questioning the formula to calculate GDP: [removed]. SAT Tuition in US. Belated hanuman jayanti to all.. Have consumer goods become expensive Or I just had a weird experience: I was in India in December after 2 years and was seriously astounded by the amount of money we had to spend on groceries compared to 2 years ago. Around a 1000 every trip to the grocery store this was in Delhi. A thousand used to mean something wtf happened. Priyanka Chopras Brother Siddharths Wedding Called Off Ishita Kumar Deletes Roka Pics Reports. The Govt of India admits that IndianEconomy is slowing down. fayedsouza reads out the report by Finance Ministry amp shares more information. SDG India Index And Surprising Results: [removed]. This Karnataka coop has chosen to go local. Interview Former statistics body chief on government interference and suppression of jobs data. The former acting chairman of the National Statistical Commission PC Mohanan explains the reasons for his resignation.. MEA Official spokespersons response to China lifting the hold on Masood Azhar. India Slips Further Behind China During First Five Years of Modi. Sanitary Ware: [removed]. Manufacturing sector growth slows to eightmonth low in April amid election uncertainty PMI. Trademark Law Firm in US. Panel examines CJI Ranjan Gogoi in harassment probe exparte. I crossed 1.6LPM bar I saw my salary slip and saw the taxes and I realized that I have been always fooled by India My fellow Indians and the Indian Bureaucracy: [removed]. South NE States top povertybusters league [NP] [Economy]. PakistanBased JeM Chief Masood Azhar declared a Global Terrorist by UNSC. U.N. Security Council Committee Blacklists JaisheMohammed Founder Diplomats. Why India cant be the next China and shouldnt try. GST collection for April more than 1.13 lakh crore highest since tax rollout. TIL that India accounted for 27 of global GDP in 1700s before British invaded us. This video gives us the realisation and awareness as to what we as a country have survived through. Colocation case Sebi bars NSE from accessing securities market for 6 months slaps fine of Rs 625 cr. About time we realised that Reservation has always been about representation and not a poverty alleviation measure. The Tamil Nadu model clearly shows being populist doesnt really mean you give up on quality of the delivery because youve a quota for representation from down trodden part of India. Akshay Kumar get angry at reporter asking why he did not vote.. Sri Lanka mistook Indian alert as bid to create rift with Islamabad. Another brilliant report by Ravish Kumar on the recent UP Telangana Board Debacle. Can India become a smartphone superpower. Indias Demographic Dividend Are the Indian Youth Gainfully Employed: [removed]. Indias Plan to Become a Smartphone Superpower. BUDDHIST COUNCIL. Gdp per capita comparison between India and East Asian Countries.. 67 of Indians think job opportunities in India have gotten worse over the past 5 years. crude rate An IndiaChina maneouvre could soon leave worlds oil powers toothless. Constructive public policy sprouts only in sunshine not darkness RTI TechPolicy:  [img]lts0947ticv21 Highlights Background The Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade DPIIT released a new Draft ECommerce Policy to public consultation on February 23 2019. This was done with no information provided to the public on the stakeholders involved its formulation or meetings conducted. Lack of any transparency IFF filed an RTI with the Department of Commerce requesting details of meetings carried out stakeholders involved and documents related to the process. However the response received claimed exemptions to providing information under 81i under the RTI Act. With this seemingly recurring stance taken without legal justification the question of transparency the very intention behind the Act is being raised. Its meant to be seek and ye shall find. The process of a public consultation is undermined if any recommendations that will have wide ranging impact are not proactively disclosed to the public. IFF filed an RTI requesting the following information be provided. 1. Details of the dates and participants of any meetings and consultations on the Draft ECommerce Policy. 2. Copies of the minutes on any meetings and consultations on the Draft ECommerce Policy. 3. Details of work and copies of the agreement contract or office circulars for engagement or authorisation of work of any individual organisation or entity has been engaged/contracted at any stage to provide services/advice/drafting. 4. Information on any decisions taken for conducting any public consultation on the Draft ECommerce Policy. Disappointingly the response to the RTI had the CPIO claiming exemption under 81i where cabinet papers including records of deliberations of the Council of Ministers Secretaries and other officers are exempted from disclosure [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1C4B6NxQu59Sbs3TgJjcjmDnvWHY6NfhC/viewuspsharing. Under no circumstance do any of the queries fall within the category of the deliberations of these officers to be deemed cabinet papers. Pertinent information is being refused with no legal basis creating a cause for concern. While IFF has filed a first appeal challenging the response this intention to withhold information is largely prevalent. We still await the publication of submission to the draft Personal Data Protection Bill. Similarly an RTI filed by IFF to MEITY requesting the composition of the Cyber Regulatory Advisory Committee saw a similar lack in the provision of information. No clarity to the disparity. The inconsistency in the Governments stance is seen through the publication of stakeholder comments with identifying details in the consultation process of both the Draft Information Technology Intermediary Guidelines Amendment Rules 2018 and the composition of the National ECommerce Think Tank to an RTI filed by MediaNama [Read here for more]https//www.medianama.com/wpcontent/uploads/MOCOMRTIResponseNationalECommercePolicyThinkTank.pdf. The consultation process to both the Draft ECommerce Bill and the Draft Personal Data Protection Bill is identical to that of the Intermediarys Amendment Rules involving no confidential information given there is no sensitivity of information. Inspite of an inherent public interest in the disclosure of this information to aid in transparency and inform academics and scholars combined with the obligation on the Government to proactively disclose all relevant facts relating to important policies or decisions affecting general public we still find ourselves in this situation. There needs to be a higher level of accountability to the callousness in claiming exemptions under the RTI Act. IFF is regularly filing RTIs Link to important documents Response to RTI on Draft ECommerce Policy \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1C4B6NxQu59Sbs3TgJjcjmDnvWHY6NfhC/viewuspsharing\]. Integrated farming needed to increase productivity of livestock VP. Rubbing Trade Partners the Wrong Way How Indias Trade Frictions With the World Will Shape the International Trading Regime:  Between 2008 and 2018 China was the country most often [mentioned]https//pudding.cool/2018/12/countries/ in NYT headlines and was the most commonly mentioned nation in ten of twelve months. China is in the news so frequently in large part because of its spectacular economic rise and the United States trade war against China in response. Indias has had one of the fastest growing economies in the world over the last ten years and total exports of manufactured goods and services has doubled over this [period]https//www.trademap.org/Index.aspxAspxAutoDetectCookieSupport1 faster than any other nation in the G20. Indias rise as a major power in the world of global trade has inevitably led to frictions and new trade disputes. In todays podcast episode I am going to explore the implications of Indias economic rise on the rules that govern international trade today. I will be discussing Indias trade conflicts surrounding its tariffs and subsidies to agriculture Indias conflict over its more permissive interpretation of intellectual property laws and its desire for greater access to trade related visas to the United States and other nations. India will be holding elections for the Lok Sabha Indias parliament through April and May of 2019. Given that approximately two thirds of Indias population lives in rural [areas]https//data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.rur.totl.zsend2017ampstart2008ampyearlowdesctrue voter turnout rates in rural areas are consistently [higher]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/etexplains/howindiascitiesvotewhytheurbanvotematters/articleshow/68161241.cms than in urban areas and rural regions are [overrepresented]https//faculty.polisci.wisc.edu/bhavnani/wpcontent/uploads/2013/09/BhavnaniMalapportionmentwebversion.pdf in the Lok Sabha it is unsurprising that Indian politicians heavily court the rural vote. For example the government of Narendra Modi increased agricultural [subsidies]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20180213/withhiseyeonelectionsmodiletsindiassubsidybillsurge by 15 in the runup to the Indian elections. However these subsidies and the broader need to appeal to the rural electorate has created major tensions with Indias trading partners. Subsidizing Indias milk industry has long been a [cornerstone]https//www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/002463019090104C of Indian rural development strategy but a major glut in milk production has led to serious rural unrest. The states of Gujarat and Maharashtra two major milk producers responded by offering a 727 subsidy a [ton]https//www.reuters.com/article/usindiamilkexportsexclusive/exclusiveindiasmilkpowderexportstosurgeonsubsidiesdampenglobalpricesidUSKBN1KH0GQ on milk exports to find international markets but major milk producers such as New Zealand and United States by [lodging]https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/news/world/sopsforskimmedmilkpowderexportscomeunderwtolens/article25105134.ece protests at the WTO. Similar complaints have been issued for Indias subsidies to cotton rice sugar and other [crops ]https//www.farmprogress.com/farmpolicy/exploringsubsidiesandtariffsindiaand Indias subsidy regime has made it difficult to negotiate trade agreements with countries afraid they would be flooded by [subsidized]https//www.wilsoncenter.org/sites/default/files/ASIA121219Pakistn20India20Trade20rptFINAL0.pdfIndian production. Although India is heavily reliant upon agriculture today its industries of the future will rely upon technology instead. India has long been in conflict with wealthy nations over issues of intellectual property. In [1970]http//nopr.niscair.res.in/bitstream/123456789/19652/1/JIPR20128129201015.pdf India passed a major reform to its intellectual property law that excluded pharmaceuticals from product patent production. The law saw a proliferation of drug makers focused on bringing the price of medicines down. Most dramatically [Indian]https//www.who.int/bulletin/volumes/84/5/news10506/en/ drug makers were essential in bringing the price of a years supply of HIV drugs down from 10000 to 200. However as Indias economy liberalized in the 1990s India sought to join the WTO. The WTO however felt that Indian drug makers who did not have to invest in research and development to flood markets with copycat products. India and other nations seeking to join the WTO forced India to sign up to certain minimum standards on IP production known [as]https//s3.amazonaws.com/academia.edu.documents/46259403/14679701.002992016060526096cy8tfh.pdfAWSAccessKeyIdAKIAIWOWYYGZ2Y53UL3AampExpires1555901790ampSignature2FvHHNDjBkWXZ2Bz2m2sopV8ZQfiU3Dampresponsecontentdispositioninline3B20filename3DPharmaceuticalpatentspricesandwelfar.pdf TRIPS Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights. By signing up to TRIPs Indian drug makers gained access to developed country markets. The US today imports [5 billion]https//www.trademap.org/CountrySelProductCountryTS.aspxnvpm17c6997c7c7c7c307c7c7c27c17c17c27c27c17c27c17c1 worth of pharmaceuticals and [40]http//chemindigest.com/indianpharmacompanies40generics/ of generics are made by Indian companies. One notable area where Indian generic drug manufacturers do not have access to the Indian market is insulin. Insulin prices have [soared]https//www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20190122/NEWS/190129990/risinginsulinpricesdrivehigherdiabetescarespending from 2864 to 5705 from 2012 to 2016 in part due to the [oligopoly]https//www.beckershospitalreview.com/pharmacy/novonordiskelilillyandsanofimustfacelawsuitoverinsulinprices.html of Sanofi Eli Lily and Novo Nordisk. In 2015 Glargarine a common form of insulin offpatent. Indian generic drugmaker Biocon quickly came to market with their generic and gained easy [approval]http//www.gabionline.net/Biosimilars/News/InsulinglarginebiosimilarslaunchedinUKandSouthKorea in Japan the EU and the UK. However Biocons Glargine has struggled to gain approval in the US as it has been held up in courts over IP [infringement]https//www.biopharmadive.com/news/mylanlantussanofipatentinsulincopycatmarketentry/544306/. Indias conflict with the US extends beyond intellectual property into issues of immigration as well. Indias IT services [export]http//homepages.rpi.edu/simonk/pdf/bodyshopping.pdf industrys origins lie in bringing skilled IT workers on shortterm work visas to the United States. In the early 2000s the typical Indian programmer earned only a [quarter]http//homepages.rpi.edu/simonk/pdf/bodyshopping.pdf of their American counterparts. This process known as BodyShopping allowed Indian programmers to earn strong salaries by Indian standards and American corporations to have access to cheap labor. The type of work visa most under contention has been the H1B visa a temporary work visa for skilled workers that offer 65000 openings to foreign workers at [renewable]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H1Bvisa terms. The US government since the presidency of Obama has steadily been raising the processing fees of H1B visas in order to [curtail]https//qz.com/india/1000438/theh1bnumbersforindiansbeganfallingevenbeforetrumptookoverfromobama/ bodyshopping. This process has accelerated under Donald Trump with processing times being deliberately slowed down and regulations such as the ban on employment [authorizations]https//www.forbes.com/sites/andyjsemotiuk/2019/02/25/h1bvisaholdersfacinglossofspousalemploymentauthorizationsexploreotheroptions/4791f9c4668f for the spouses of H1B holders. India launched complaints against the US in the WTO arguing these visa rules [discriminate]https//www.google.com/searchsourcehpampeiozS9XLCjNIv4tAXZoLzYAwampqindiaimmigrationwtoh1bampbtnKGoogleSearchampoqindiaimmigrationwtoh1bampgslpsyab.3..33i160.507.11955..12073...3.0..0.171.2882.21j9....2..0....1..gwswiz.....0..35i39j0i131j0j0i67j0i20i263j0i10j0i13j0i22i30j33i22i29i30.lSs9ToZ5BtA against Indian workers and companies and negotiations over access to visa access have been part of recent US trade deals with [Singapore and Chile. ]https//www.murthy.com/2016/12/12/overviewh1b1scitizenschilesingapore/There is a longstanding connection between trade and immigration and Indias economic rise is likely to bring immigration issues to the forefront of global trade negotiations. Indias economic rise is causing global institutions to rethink international trade norms surrounding agriculture intellectual property and immigration. The economic rise of China has caused a tectonic shift in global trade negotiations. The rise of India is likely to cause a similar change in coming decades. Whatever the outcome of these trade disputes it is likely to plaster the headlines of newspapers throughout the world. Selected Sources [The Effects of Malapportionment on Cabinet Inclusion Subnational Evidence from India ]https//faculty.polisci.wisc.edu/bhavnani/wpcontent/uploads/2013/09/BhavnaniMalapportionmentwebversion.pdfRikhil Bhavnani [The white revolutionHow Amul brought milk to India ]https//www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/abs/pii/002463019090104CVenkatkrishna Bellur Saraswathi Singh Radharao Chaganti [Intellectual Property System of India]http//nopr.niscair.res.in/bitstream/123456789/19652/1/JIPR20128129201015.pdf N R Subramanian [Innovation and intellectual property rights lawan overview of the Indian law]https//www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0970389617305864 S. Ravindra Bhat [Bodyshopping versus Offshoring among Indian Software and Information Technology Firms ]http//homepages.rpi.edu/simonk/pdf/bodyshopping.pdfSumit K. Majumdar [www.wealthofnationspodcast.com]https//www.wealthofnationspodcast.com/ [https//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/IndiaTrade\Negotiations.mp3]https//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/IndiaTradeNegotiations.mp3. Blame Patent Laws for the PepsiCo FC5 Potato Lawsuit. Rs 300 crore hole in Air India pocket as Pakistan air space closes. Johnson amp Johnsons rejects lab report on baby shampoo authorities want product off shelves. The company has strongly objected to the Jaipurbased Drug Testing Laboratorys findings that declared the shampoo allegedly contained formaldehyde.. Vote FOR India Really . Sterlite Plants Closure Might Bring Down Indian Exports By 3 Billion Increase Hazardous Imports EEPC Chief. PIL seeks to link Aadhar with social media accounts. RBI Ordered To Review Its Disclosure Policy On Banks Under RTI 10 Things To Know. Reddit is being blocked by ISPs again: Posting this thread because we are seeing many posts related to this. If its blocked on your ISP then please state the circle and ISP name in the comment. Heres a [previous post]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/b0vuri/itseemslikealotofispnetworkprovidershave/ on how to bypass this ban. Probable reason behind this ban based on a [RTI filled by a redditor.] https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/bg13sy/ispsblockingredditigotareplyfromdotto/ Any further threads regarding this topic will be removed.. Govt may ban Deloitte over allegations of fraud in IL and FS audit. The necessity of English Speaking. Public sector banks longterm strategy on Jan Dhan begins to pay off. Blatant exploitation of online business companies. Top 10 Populous Countries. India saying no to Bitcoin drafting bill to ban cryptocurrencies. US Special 301 Report undermines efforts to lower medicine prices globally Leena Menghaney. Change in GDP of top 15 States compared with each other. Comic commerce What fuels the mini economy of vintage Indian comic books. Gujarat govt. to back potato farmers in PepsiCo fight. India hikes wheat import duty to support local farmers. Handicap Pension Scheme. Election Commission of IndiaECIA Small Introduction History And Functionality. PradhanMantri Ujjwala Yojana PMUY. Asias worst most incident of 1947...Indo Pak partition...a painful story.. Startup India A Initiative Of The Government of India: [removed]. India trashes US report calls it attack on cheap generic drugs India News.. Cyber Surakshit Bharat Programme. Digital India PlatformIn Hindi And English: [removed]. India trashes US report calls it an attack on cheap generic drugs.. Report Iran Guard Monitors US Aircraft Carrier With Drone. RBI to issue new Rs 20 denomination banknotes.. Annual Policy Review 20182019 by PRS Legislative Research: PRS Legislative Research has released its annual policy review which has the highlights of the year in terms of legislation bills passed in the Parliament and analysis of work done in each sector individually. [Link]https//www.prsindia.org/sites/default/files/policypeviewspdfs/APR20201819.pdf for those who might want to go through 100 pages of policy in India.. The report says Oil Price a Thanos for Indian Economy. About 200 US companies seeking to move manufacturing base from China to India Report. Whats needed for updating mobile no. and email ID for Aadhar: Just a quick question but what details are needed to update my email ID and mobile no for my Aadhar Im assuming a passport and my Aadhar card should be enough. Also Im doing this outside of my home state would that cause any complications Thanks a lot. Surgical Strike hero General Retd DS Hooda presents the national security report. Protests against unemployment. New Delhi 1990.. RBI to issue new Rs 20 denomination banknotes. China Ireland India have sold over 94.4 Billions or 4.62 Lakhs Crores of US Debt in the last 12 months.. India Considers Complete Ban on Digital Currencies. Indian Consumers Face PostElection Fuel Price Shock Economy Could Be Hit. Amazon Retail India on expansion spree plans to enter 60 smaller cities Report. Veterans write to Reuters about ANIs report. 10 member Hindu gang stole 3 crore. Cyberabad.The suspects allegedly duped the bank of Rs 3 crore. The arrested were Duryodhan Mandal Sanjay Mandal Virendra Mandal Dhanajay Mandal Niranjan Mandal Prakash Kumar Ganesh Kumar Mandal Kamalesh Mandal Rajendra Kumar and Pinku Kumar Mandal.. Why CJI Gogoi Should Step Away From Judicial Work Till InHouse Inquiry is Complete. Bold steps needed to meet crisis in jobs. Indias Secret Stimulus Is a Bad Sign If the economy is doing so well why is the central bank opening the floodgates to liquidity. In Rajasthan Indias First RightToHealthcare Law Takes Shape. Potato farmers cry foul as PepsiCo sues them. Woman who accused CJI of sexual harassment raises concern about composition of inquiry committee. One down three to go:  [img]t7d95wzqk7u21 Highlights Background In early February the Delhi High Court dismissed a Public Interest Litigation by the Justice For Rights Foundation that prayed for separate guidelines to regulate content on online streaming platforms. Jumping on the bandwagon Following suit in line with Justice For Rights another case was dismissed before the Delhi High Court filed by Nikhil Bhalla. However there still exist similar cases in the Delhi Bombay and Karnataka High Court that need to look to the rationale in Justice for Rights. Background The public interest litigation filed by the Justice for Rights Foundation in the Delhi High Court asking for separate guidelines to regulate content on online streaming platforms was dismissed on February 8 2019. The Court agrees with the stand taken by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting MIB and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MEITY that the Information Technology Act is a robust enough legislation requiring no additional guidelines or regulation. One down A similar case was filed in the Delhi High Court by advocate Nikhil Bhalla with reference to a dialogue demeaning the former Prime Minister of India Rajiv Gandhi. It prayed for framing of guidelines for content considered vulgar and offensive. Access a copy of the petition uploaded by Medianama [here]https//www.medianama.com/wpcontent/uploads/NikhilBhallavUnionofIndiaNetflixOrsPETITION.pdf. Thankfully the Honble Delhi High Court has once again upheld the right to freedom of speech and expression as it dismissed the case by Nikhil Bhalla relying on the judgement in the Justice For Rights Case on April 9 2019 [Read the judgement here]http//delhihighcourt.nic.in/dhcqrydispo.asppn90948ampyr2019. It continues to regard the provisions of the Information Technology Act 2000 an adequate legislation to provide for deterrent action to be taken and respond to complaints received. Three more While the Honble Delhi High Court has progressively worked its way through the cases sole Uncanned Media v. Ministry of Information and Broadcasting amp Ors W.P. C No. 7123/2018remains to be put to rest. It requests that Respondents disseminating offensive and vulgar content be prohibited from delivering content. Similarly we informed you of another Public Interest Litigation where Padmanabh Shankar v. Union of India amp Ors W.P. 6050/2019 approached the Karnataka High Court seeking regulation of online video streaming [Read more here]https//internetfreedom.in/herewegoagain/. Finally in Divya Ganeshprasad Gontia v. Union of India Public Interest Litigation No. 127/2018 the High Court of Bombay prays for a similar style of television censorship to be ported to the online platform. We continue to hope that the cases that remain will be adjudged with the same reasoning as the Justice for Rights judgement. It will work to the better health of digital platforms and in the maintaining of the free and open internet. Link to important documents Order of the Delhi High Court in Nikhil Bhalla v. Union of India amp Ors \[[link]http//delhihighcourt.nic.in/dhcqrydispo.asppn90948ampyr2019\] Public Interest Litigation filed in the Karnataka High Court on February 2 2019 \[[link]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/03/PadmanabhShankarvNetflix.pdf\]. Avengers Endgame to screen 24x7 in India new shows to be added reports. Aadhar updation is such bullshit process: I am on my way back to home with an unsuccessful attempt to update my adhar. Time 4pm First went to the post office they said they issue 6 tokens at 9am . And updation is done at 330pm What the hell Like people should set everything aside just to get the phone number updated and run around these post offices. Then i thought to myself ghar se nikla hoon kuch toh leke jaaunga andaz apna apna style So i thought these people must have made their own rules and i headed to bangalore one. Same story they issue 40 tokens at 9am. Going back home empty handed increasing the traffic and business for uber. What do the goverment smoke while making these rules No where in the whole internet it is mentioned you have to go at 9am to collect tokens and then later to update.. US to ensure steady oil supply for India The Economic Times. In 2018 Indians applied for a record one million Schengen visas. Context to the Supreme Court Order on stressed assets of banks [Important for fellow Indians to know].. IFF files rejoinder in PIL seeking surveillance reform.: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/dsa81k3e11u21.png Highlights Background In January IFF had filed a PIL challenging the constitutional validity of the existing electronic surveillance framework in India and we filed our rejoinder in the matter yesterday. Need for judicial oversight In the rejoinder we have pointed out that the Government has failed to substantively engage with our contention that the standard for evaluating fundamental rights claims has changed after the landmark 9 judge bench decision in KS Puttaswamy v. Union of India. Under the newly adopted proportionality standard electronic surveillance will pass constitutional muster only if there is judicial oversight and the existing regime which concentrates all power in the hands of the executive requires urgent reform. Background Remember IFFs petition before the Supreme Court seeking surveillance reform Well there have been some interesting developments in the case recently. Yesterday IFF filed its rejoinder in the constitutional challenge against Section 69 of the IT Act and the IT Procedure for Safeguards for Interception Monitoring and Decryption of Information Rules 2009. At yesterdays hearing the Supreme Court took our rejoinder on record and directed the matter to be listed after two weeks. On 20 December 2018 the Ministry of Home Affairs had issued a notification authorizing ten law enforcement agencies to conduct electronic surveillance and this prompted us to file a writ petition since it suggested an activation and expansion of the governments surveillance machinery. You can read our detailed analysis of the history of surveillance in India [here]https//internetfreedom.in/theministryofhomeaffairsdelegatessnoopingdecryptionhackingpowersabrogatesresponsibilityandundermineprivacy/. The Governments stance Various petitioners including IFF have questioned the constitutionality of the existing surveillance framework and the Government filed a common counteraffidavit responding to all the petitions. As a result the Governments response consisted of broad assertions which failed to engage with the specific and nuanced arguments made in our petition. First the Government heavily relied on a never disclosed before Standard Operating Procedure to show that powers under Section 69 of the IT Act are exercised in a well regulated manner. Second it repeatedly emphasized on the existence of a Review Committee in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court in 1997 in PUCL v. Union of India as a sufficient safeguard. Finally it stated that judicial oversight in the surveillance process was undesirable because in order to effectively tackle threats like terrorism and organized crime the executive needs speedy decision making. It also produced before the Court an illustrative list of cases cracked using electronic surveillance. Why the Governments defence is inadequate and misconceived The Governments defence is like a bucket with too many holes that doesnt hold water. In our rejoinder we have responded to every argument made by the Government but four important submissions from our rejoinder are worth highlighting. ampx200B 1 The Standard Operating Procedure is secret and illegal We have argued that the Standard Operating Procedure has no bearing upon the constitutionality of Section 69 of the IT Act or 2009 IT Rules. It is a form of executive action which lacks any legislative backing because it has not been issued under the IT Act or the Telegraph Act. Therefore all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to the Standard Operating Procedure before specific law enforcement agencies were notified on 20.12.2018 is illegal. 2 The Review Committee lacks judicial members and it is overburdened The existence of a Review Committee is insufficient because it only consists of officials belonging to the executive branch. Since it does not have any independent judicial members the Review Committee is unlikely to rigorously examine whether an interception order genuinely pursues a legitimate aim and whether less restrictive alternatives are available. Moreover according to the Srikrishna Committee Report the three member Review Committee has to evaluate 1500018000 interception orders at every meeting. The sheer volume of interception orders makes it practically impossible for the Review Committee to apply its mind to each interception order or conduct any enquiry or investigation to determine if an interception order is lawful. Therefore the Review Committee is effectively a rubber stamp for law enforcement agencies. ampx200B 3 Reliance on PUCL v. Union of India is outdated and incorrect The Review Committee is in conformity with the guidelines laid down in PUCL v. Union of India but that judgement was delivered twenty two years ago in the context of telephone tapping and the technological landscape has undergone massive change since then. In the modern digital age individuals share and store a large amount of sensitive personal data on their computers and smartphones. Further law enforcement agencies are now equipped with advanced tools that have centralized and automated the surveillance process and even enabled them to track and analyse social media activity of citizens. Therefore due to increase in both the governments capability and the citizens vulnerability the threat to privacy posed by electronic surveillance is substantially higher today than it was two decades ago. After the 9 judge bench decision of the Supreme Court in KS Puttaswamy v. Union of India recognizing a fundamental right to privacy the judicial standard for adjudicating rights claims is the proportionality test and in the absence of judicial oversight surveillance cannot be considered proportionate. 4 Lack of transparency and withholding of surveillance related data While submitting a list of illustrative cases cracked using surveillance the Government has conveniently not revealed how many total interception orders were passed during the relevant period in spite of [multiple RTI requests]https//internetfreedom.in/topsecretgovernmentrefusestorevealtotalnumberofsnoopingrequests/. Therefore it is impossible for us to determine what proportion of electronic surveillance results in actionable intelligence and whether law enforcement agencies are casting an excessively wide net. ampx200B The tentative next date of hearing is 10 May 2019 and we will keep you posted about the progress of the case. You can also support our litigation advocacy efforts and help us fight for your fundamental rights by [becoming a member]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ today Important Links 1. Copy of Rejoinder filed by IFF [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1ZvBzmdj2qxjdjSPI52DBmUhyWH1cfG/viewuspsharing 2. Copy of Order passed by the Honble Supreme Court on 22.04.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/17KImjcBS9UJs1k2W1PITZvqyvT1VPx4f/viewuspsharing 3. Copy of Counteraffidavit filed by Union of India [link]https//theleaflet.in/centredefendssnoopingnotificationinthesupremecourt///. Tata Power to focus on clean energy not to build new coalfired plants report. Entire set of EVM has been replaced for AC 34 PS No 31 as per report from DEO South Goa. CEO Goa Election on Twitter. Trump says no to waiver for India 7 others importing Iranian oil. India must complete its reform process in next five years Arvind Panagariya. Procedural Impropriety Shown By Justice Gogoi Says Resolution Passed By SC Advocates On Record Association. As Lawyers We Cannot Accept How CJI Handled Sexual Harassment Allegations. An open letter to the chairman of the Bar Council of India.. Jet Lenders To Approach Debt Recovery Tribunal If Stake Sale Process Fails Report. The Seen and the Unseen hosted by Amit Varma Ep. 116 Indias Lost Decade. A simple way to book IRCTC ticket and pay on delivery: [removed]. Thirty minutes and a wrinkle in Indian Standard time:  [https//theken.com/story/indianstandardtime/]https//theken.com/story/indianstandardtime/ \[needs login\] Two ageing scientists have spent over a decade advocating for a modified IST. Will their research hold ground in the future or become just another entry in Indias chronicles against time standardisation. Queries regarding NYAY: A lot of people have been asking questions regarding basics of nyay implementation. In this post i have tried to answer some of those queries. 1. how will you identify the poor SECC will probably be the way to go for identification. 2. Will taxes increase It might but it might not be income tax etc. Something like wealth tax may be introduced for inheritance and that might be enough. Further the average randia junta wants norway like facilities in a 1.3 billion population country with only 7 taxpaying population. So the problem remains taxation has to go towards the wealthy 3. Redistribution is not the way to go. 3rd class capitalist argument. Even when 1 enjoys 73 wealth they will come with these excuses. And its not hard to realise why this concept finds so much popularity amongst the 1.6lpm gang. The idea is very simple SOCIALISM FOR ME CAPITALISM FOR EVERYONE ELSE. The capitalism of today is nothing less than socialism for the rich. We never talk about and infact we praise tax cuts and subsidies given to industrialists the bulk of whose benefit doesnt go to MSMEs but to the HUNDRED CRORE GANG 4. What if fuel comes in gst ambit. The highest slab is 28 and that is way lower tax then what we pay right now unless they willing to amend the GST act to add a whole new slab for fuel not sure how they will compensate for the loss of tax revenue . Once again Income tax most probably wont be increased. There are taxes like BTT Banking Transaction Tax Wealth Tax which might be brought back. However i can bet 100 that fuel wont be brought into GST bracket that soon. Even if they do they will do it only in the 3rd or 4th year. Is BTT really a bad thing No. Infact it will only promote digitzation of banking activities rather than going to bank everytime for transaction. 5. However RG has put out no specifics of how he plans on implementing it and controlling other economic variables like inflation. For this look into the ECONOMIC SURVEY 2016 17 chapter of UBI after that dont blame kaka to be socialist. They discussed nitty gritties there. Sure they believed a lot of money would come from demonetisation but take that windfall out and the rest of model will be similiar 6. Economic Basis of Nyay. SOCIAL POVERTY METRICS. THE WORLD BANK 1 DOLLAR POVERTY LINE HAS BEEN SEEN AS INSUFFICIENT BY THE ATKINSON COMMITTEE. THE NEW POVERTY METRIC THAT THE WORLD IS MOVING INTO IPL not indian premier league intl. poverty line 0.5\MEDIAN INCOME OF THE COUNTRY. THIS IS WHERE EXACTLY THE CONCEPT OF NYAY ORIGINATES FROM. FURTHER THE DIRECT BENEFICIARY IS MOST LIKELY TO BE KEPT AT THE HEAD WOMAN OF THE HOUSE DIRECTLY ELIMINATING THE GENDER GAP OF POVERTY AT THE HOUSEHOLD LEVEL.. Indian Democracy: [removed]. Serial Bombings in Sri Lanka this morning 52 reportedly dead and over 300 injured. PrayForSriLanka. Should the Govt seriously consider shutting down Air India : [removed]. Opinion The countrys copyright law requires a digital reboot. Allegations Against The CJI And Taking Up The Issue On The Judicial Side Key Issues. Business Advisor Astrologer in Jalandhar. Mueller Report NotreDame Royal Baby Your Friday Evening Briefing. Its unreal how many efforts one has to make to get yourself recognized as Atheist.: https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/gujaratmanbarredfromturningatheistmoveshc/articleshow/68947876.cms There is no provision in law to declare yourself as Atheist.. The BMC wants to spend 12700 crores on a coastal road that will be devastating to Mumbais Koli community and the rich coastal ecology significantly increase Mumbais risk of flooding and likely not reduce traffic significantly. Please sign on to this petition [more info in comments]: [removed]. India Drops Down on World Press Freedom Index Report Says Scribes Attacked for Annoying Hindutva Subjects. Demonetisation Enforcement Directorate seizes 146 kg gold jewellery in Hyderabad. Population graph from ancient times. RAW needs to become more like CIA and move away from IAS amp IPS. India Drops Down on World Press Freedom Index Report Says Scribes Attacked for Annoying Hindutva Subjects. Jet airways shut down we strongly appeal government to look after the employees. What are some good personal finance/investing books specific to Indian economy: Any good books that help in teaching a fresher about managing money Most of the recommendations on net come off as spam. Thanks. Consumers in south India spend more on groceries prefer smaller pack sizes Report. For Subansiri okay Govt looks at report of panel under judicial scrutiny. Unemployment the elephant in the room. Jet Suspends Ops Last Flight From Amritsar To Mumbai Tonight 10 Points. 50 lakh people lost jobs since demonetisation says Azim Premji University report. An alternative to bans. A Letter to MEITY.: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/kf65ikwgxts21.png Highlights Background In a PIL filed in the Honble High Court of Madras on April 3 2019 social networking application TikTok was banned. The Honble Supreme Court of India refused to stay the ban against the download of TikTok from application stores. Need for alternative measures to banning It is necessary to move away from outright bans on applications that provide no resolve and infringe upon the right to freedom of speech and expression and online assembly to active policy and regulatory measures for the protection children and young adults online. This can only be done after potential harms are studied scientifically and a rights respecting framework can be developed. Today we wrote to the Government to urgently start this process with an approach paper and a public consultation. Background The recent outright bans such as on popular video game called PUBG in various districts of Gujarat resulted in the arrest of at least 21 young persons and the current ban on a video sharing platform called Tik Tok has resulted in preventing its download from Application Stores appears to be setting a precedent. On April 3 2019 a PIL in the High Court of Madras led to the ban of Tiktok for its negative impact. Once the Supreme Court of India refused to the stay the order on the ban MEITY gave further orders to remove the application from the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store. As mentioned in our [previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/statementonthetictokban/ IFF has taken the next step forward. Need for Action Today we wrote a representation to the Ministry of Electronics and IT MEITY in response to this ban \[[Read it here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1eEPFL5UGsYOpgeNQZ8M2hK8ekrrERXP/view\]. It explains that the ban is a disproportionate reaction to the need to afford protection to children on the internet. Not only does it go against the fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression under Article 191a it also violates the principle laid down by the Shreya Singhal case that protects intermediaries from liability and requires individualised content takedowns pursuant to court and executive orders. Bans bypass this important protection which came through as a hard fought victory for internet users in India \[[read more on the Shreya Singhal case here]https//internetfreedom.in/theserightsarentgoingtofightthemselves/\]. We are not closing our eyes to the arguments being made about potential threats to minors on digital platforms. Proceeding towards a state of moral and social panic which leads to bans are the easy way out. It is necessary to take a more informed and calibrated approach with the government proactively laying down best practice norms monitoring compliance and punishing violators. Hence to commence a policy based dialogue our letter urges MEITY to undertake the three specific actions which may lead to better outcomes. 1. Adopt a rights respecting stand against App Bans Ensure bans are not imposed in maintaing fundamental rights guaranteed under the Constitution judgements of the Supreme Court emerging from Shreya Singhal and Puttaswamy v. Union of India \[2017 10 SCC 1\]. 2. Commence a transparent consultation process Engage in a transparent approach or consultation paper inviting public comments on social media technology and adolescent health as a joint effort with the Ministry of Women and Child Development. 3. Activate the CRAC Bring back to life the defunct CRAC Cyber Regulations Advisory Committee which has been statutorily tasked under the Information Technology Act 2000 to provide the function of guidance ensuring that technology is harnessed in a rights respecting framework and meets the challenges of any potential harms. The letter has been addressed to MEITY with copies marked to the Ministry of Women and Child Development and the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights. IFF will continue to engage in every possible manner in order to ensure that not only are bans not the defacto response but that the necessary steps forward to the protection of children and young adults on digital platforms is given the necessary push within the framework of digital rights for their freedom health and safety. Links to important documents Letter on the safety of minors on digital platform \[[link]http//drive.google.com/file/d/1eEPFL5UGsYOpgeNQZ8M2hK8ekrrERXP/view\] Statement on TikTok by IFF \[[link]http//https//internetfreedom.in/statementonthetictokban/\]. Jet Airways crisis Jet Airways stares at shutdown as lenders reject appeal for funds Report. Saudi Aramco in talks for 25 per cent of Reliances refining petrochemical units Report. Five million people lost job opportunities after demonetisation says study: Five million people lost job opportunities after demonetisation says study https//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/bangalore/fivemillionemploymentopportunitiesreducedsince2016study/article26858221.ece. Five million people lost job opportunities after demonetisation says study: Five million people lost job opportunities after demonetisation says study https//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/bangalore/fivemillionemploymentopportunitiesreducedsince2016study/article26858221.ece. Five million people lost job opportunities after demonetisation says study. Modis minister says need to do more on jobs but the real crisis is data. Singapore investors bet big on Indias real estate sector. TikTok vanishes from Google Apple app stores in India after ban. Google blocks Chinese app TikTok in India after court order Report. 94 of IT Graduates are not fit for hiring says this IT stalwart. When you are an Indian and you are new on Reddit. The Truth About Jobs in India. 5 million men lost jobs since 2016 Report. Aramco in Talks for 25 Percent of Reliances Refining Petrochemical UnitsReport. 50 Lakh Men Lost Their Jobs After Demonetisation Report. GDP Prediction 20182100 Video is NOT nade by Me. Indias Jet Airways Stock Falls on Report of Temporary Close. Four people banned by Election Commission of India for breaking rule code of conduct.: [removed]. IMD monsoon forecast offers respite for Indian agriculture economy.. Exports hit record in FY19 surpass earlier FY14 peak Times of India. Neutral assessment of unemployment data https//www.ceicdata.com/en/indicator/india/unemploymentrate. SC to test ECI claim of toothlessness against hate speech. India GDP Data and Charts 19802020. healthcare services in India India facing shortage of 600000 doctors 2 million nurses Study. healthcare services in India India facing shortage of 600000 doctors 2 million nurses Study. How China seeks to hide extent of trade surplus with India. Does blocking pornography curb the spread of violent imagery. To end the glut of coins govt mulls privatisation of distribution exports. Suppose if there is a hypothetical separate country with only South Indian states onlyTNKeralaAPKarnatakaTelengana how will the currency of the hypothetical country would hold against USD. Amarinder protests Canada dropping references to Sikh extremism from terrorism report.. Trash. After Rafale Deal Huge Tax Waiver For Anil Ambanis French Firm Report. My manifesto it would be like that if I had a political party: Everyone is excited about the BJP and INC manifestos so why not publish my own manifesto too If I was the top boss of a party my manifesto would be like that. Read it and decide if you will vote for bikbar or not lol. Highlights 1. Millennial Hours Work We will start a scheme to give 1000 hours paid work per year to 150 lakh educated youths in 5 years. There would be three categories cat i 125 lakh rs 100/ hr cat ii 20 lakh rs 200/hr and cat iii 5 lakh rs 300/hr. The selection in different categories would be done via a nationwide competitive examination. The minimum qualification would be 102 and age 1845 years. The cost of the MHW would be average 96 lakhs per year for 5 years. Suitable works would be provided according to the eligibility of the candidates. 2. Farming Cooperatives We will encourage the formation of farming cooperatives. We will help them to use modern technology to increase production without wasting water and abusing chemical fertilizers and insecticides. These coops also connect the farmers directly with the market. They will also act as safety nets in case of corp failures. 3. Labour Market Flexibility We will make our labour markets more flexible by changing existing laws. It would help our firms to be more productive and attract more FDI. It would also increase labour participation rate. 4. Unemployment Benefits A welfare fund would be created to give unemployment benefits to the laid off workers for 1 year. The benefits would include a monthly minimum pay retraining and helping them to find jobs. We will raise the money by collecting a unemployment benefit tax from firms. 5. Encouraging Startups We will encourage the startups to grow by giving them credits at discounted interest rates and tax waivers. 6. Ease of opening a business We will make it easier for opening a business. There would be a single website to apply online and your papers would be ready within 48 hours. 7. Growing smaller cities To grow our nation faster and to reduce the pressure of increasing migration to cities we will make plans to grow the smaller cities of India. There are about 250 towns population 91 lakh which would be grown to million plus cities within 10 years. With an average cost of rs 4000 cr per city per annum it would need rs 10 lakh crore per annum total investment to make these cities world class. We will ensure that fund from government 25 private entities 25 FDI 25 and foreign loans 25. 8. Making our big cities better Every million plus city would be given more autonomy for being better. The city councils would have more freedom to collect revenues and spend. The focus will be given to ensure clean and sustainable water and electricity supply solving the slum problems law and order public transport and reducing traffic jams cleaning the roads and other areas rainwater harvesting beautification restoring the public parks etc. 9. Healthcare We will try our best to make the government hospitals better by providing more qualified doctors health workers and infrastructure. Focus will be given to small block level hospitals to reduce the pressure of the larger city hospitals. 10... It is taking too much time and has become too long to read. So it ends here. If you like it there would be a part 2 later.... Data claiming 45year peak in unemployment is misleading. Indian institutions are still operating with the technology and outlook of 70 years ago.. Indias defense expenditure hits all time low of 1.6 of gdp. Are there any sites for downloading project reports freely: Are there any sites for downloading MBA marketing project reports with pdf for free. i need help please: [removed]. This Delhi village was declared open defecationfree by its BJP MP in 2018. Except it isnt. Are electoral bonds legal Supreme Court to decide today. Manmohan Singh vs Narendra Modi The real India growth story. Indias GDP number still has some issues Gita Gopinath. Indias GDP number still has some issues Gita Gopinath. Indias population grew at 1.2 average annual rate between 2010 and 2019 UN report. Program teaching Indian schoolchildren to read in 50 days. Try again Gujarat High Court declines to hear our PIL against the PUBG Ban.:  https//i.redd.it/px5c34y6ymr21.png On April 4 we had filed a petition in the Honble High Court of Gujarat in the wake of press reports that close to 21 young persons many of them college students were arrested for playing an online game. This game PUBG had been banned by at least six police departments in Gujarat through proclamations made under Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973. A copy of our writ petition is available [here]https//drive.google.com/drive/folders/1SSO9dKo5TCl58eWUZmiODa1wCPTGKBFj. Prior to filing this petition on 14 March we had issued a [public appeal]https//internetfreedom.in/pleasedonotjailpugbusers/ for revoking these Section 144 orders and ceasing criminal prosecutions against people for playing PUBG. However despite positive statements from police departments particularly the [Ahmedabad Police]https//twitter.com/AhmedabadPolice/status/1106597689129472001 that the ban would not be renewed some Section 144 orders such as the one passed by the Rajkot Police continue to be in force till April 30. Further the legal prosecutions would have continued against these young persons who would have either suffered a long criminal trial for years or may have pleaded guilty for a fine which would then impact their professional prospects and ability to travel abroad for further studies. The collateral consequences of a criminal conviction can affect a persons ability to get admission into a college find a job rent a house obtain a visa and so on. This is a serious matter and a criminal conviction for playing PUBG would impose significant disabilities on the 21 young people who have been arrested. We sensed that this required urgent intervention as was extensively pleaded in the writ petition. However the Honble Gujarat High Court when the case came up for hearing today i.e. on 11.04.2019 refused to hear the petition at the threshold. This means it has refused to hear the case and dismissed it at the preliminary stage. In such a situation a short order is usually issued by the court setting out its reasons which we will make available publicly as and when it is uploaded. We were represented by an excellent legal team comprising of Asim Pandaya and Manan Bhatt and we are deeply thankful to them. During todays hearing the Honble Gujarat High Court mentioned that individuals who have been arrested for playing PUBG in contravention of Section 144 orders may approach the High Court on their own. However this observation is subject to confirmation in the written order. We had anticipated such a concern and addressed it in Para 2.13 of our petition where we noted that young college students who have been arrested may not have the resources and support to withstand protracted litigation against the Police Department. However the Honble High Court did not agree with our submission. In terms of next steps we will confer with our legal team and keep you informed. We hope and are confident that the legal merits of such orders will be examined by our courts on the touchstones of our fundamental rights and constitutional principles. Important Links 1. A copy of IFFs Writ Petition \[[here]https//drive.google.com/drive/folders/1SSO9dKo5TCl58eWUZmiODa1wCPTGKBFj\] 2. Public Appeal issued by IFF against the PUBG Ban \[[here]https//internetfreedom.in/pleasedonotjailpugbusers/\]. TIL Indian free speech can be restricted on account of public order reasonings. Vague and less freedom.: [removed]. Largescale malfunctioning of EVMs reported across Visakhapatnam. News about OCI students: [removed]. Ban on TikTok app would harm free speech Chinas Bytedance tells Indias Supreme Court. Why people fall into a debt trap. Surgical strike on Rafale book backfires The book is a summary of the reportage on Rafale including information revealed by Ram in his investigative reports. Centre cant withhold documents under RTI citing national security says SC. Delay in RTE funds by Haryana government to affect admissions Times of India. India in 3028: [removed]. Plight of Doctors in India The Great Indian Resevation. Indian Economy To Grow 7.3 In 2019 IMF. Asian paints share price Stocks in the news Asian Paints Jet Airways GAIL Panacea Biotec DLF and Airtel. Does rural India have enough water to sustain opendefecation free status. Car sales in 201819 sputter in signs of worry for the Indian economy. Where will the money for NYAY come from: The title pretty much says it all. According to Congress Manifesto they expect it to finally cost gt1 but lt2 of the national GDP\[1\]. This puts in the same league as the current defense budget\[2\]. So yeah as someone who already pays a crazy amount of direct and indirect taxes should I be worried about the implications of this scheme Also will this not lead to a reduction in the productivity of the workforce and/or salaries in general ampx200B \[1\] [https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/basjie/r\lets\discuss\the\bjp\and\congress\manifestos/]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/basjie/rletsdiscussthebjpandcongressmanifestos/ \[2\] [https//data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs]https//data.worldbank.org/indicator/ms.mil.xpnd.gd.zs. How does a government affect the economy and employment: I have never studied Economics or social sciences. I have only watched some YouTube videos and has been following the two Indians subs on Reddit yeah Im unfaithful xD. But I havent understood this what has the government anything to do with the economy Why do people blame government for employment/unemployment I mean companies and business are not opened by the government but by normal individuals. The employers are also common people. The buyers/traders are also common people. So isnt a bad economy a result of bad performance of the people of country What role does a government play in this whole affair Where does the government fit in this entire scenario Side question Almost everyone agrees that Nehru had bad economic policies due to which the economy of India detoriated. Why I think his economic model was called mixed economy. It as far as I know works for European countries. Then why didnt it work for our country. We need to convert more informal jobs into formals to get enough jobs for the population: There are not lack of jobs in India but we dont have enough formal jobs. By formal jobs I mean jobs that have fixed work hours with facilities like retirement benefits medical facilities paid holidays job security safe and secure environment minimum pay etc. Most of our people who are not farmers especially from the small cities and rural areas are engaged in informal jobs with often hazardous conditions and exploitations. It should be changed. I think it could be done by encouraging creation of private organizations working on that fields. For example there are lakhs of construction workers work as daily labourers without any benefits. These workers could be brought under various construction worker supplier firms especially in small towns. Those firms would provide them salary training and safety etc. There could be many companies in small cities to supply maids/domestic helps and cooks. These maids should be enrolled as employees. It will absorb millions of poor women into formal sectors. Organised cab networks app based and or phone call based could formalize the private transport systems within small cities where Ola/Uber dont operate. The small city and rural area bus services have also great possibilities. It could also provide formal jobs to many as conductors drivers mechanics etc. Many small city mom and pop shops could be brought under some networks. These companies could work as both online and offline retailers. There are many such fields like brick making rice meals cold storages goat firming fishing agro products etc which could be profitably formalized generating millions of jobs. To do these the governments should encourage the start ups in these fields. There should be long tax holidays much less paperworks legal protections and easy credits with interest subsidies for them. What do you think TLDR We need to convert informal sectors by encouraging startups by various facilities. It would create millions of jobs.. The Worlds 10 Largest Economies in 2030. Low savings high real interest rate Is Indias economic growth sustainable. About Kavaratti Population 2019: [removed]. Indias biggest tomato district surrenders to cheap Chinese pulp. Ravish Kumars thrilling report on the mysterious death of Judge Loya Recently came by this old video that I surprisingly missed. Just incredible. how to add money to PayPal from sbi account. My Oslo Experience: [removed]. IFF files PIL against the PUBG Ban in Gujarat.:  https//i.redd.it/x80x2f889zq21.png Remember the PUBG Ban in Gujarat which led to the arrest of at least twenty one people Well we decided that it was time to do something about such arbitrary bans which use the threat of imprisonment to force youngsters to give up recreational activities. We have filed a PIL before the Gujarat High Court challenging the PUBG Ban and the subsequent arrests as violative of Articles 14 19 and 21 of the Constitution. We are being represented by an incredible litigation team consisting of Mr. Asim Pandya and Mr. Manan Bhatt. We expect that the matter will be listed for hearing in a week or two and we will keep you updated. Why have you filed this challenge Yes while we are thankful for the public statement by the Ahmedabad police that the ban will not be renewed there is nothing stopping it legally from happening. What is worse are the legal prosecutions that have resulted from it. While the PUBG ban may seem absurd and amusing at first glance it is no laughing matter. Out of the twenty one people arrested at least thirteen were young college students For a young student who is worried about his familys reaction and future career prospects being arrested by the police can be a deeply traumatic experience. To us the PUBG Ban is fuelled by moral panic and the harms from video games require scientific study and then nonlegal methods of engagement. We at IFF promise to keep fighting against such arbitrary and disproportionate bans and we hope you will support us by becoming a member.. My experience in Oslo: [removed]. On tax Trump show its love to China and anger with India. Technical Analysis USDCAD 812 April 2019. India spends just over 1 and worlds lowest. USA is spending 17.25 on health care. Today is World Health Day.: [India spending 1 on health care]https//www.google.co.in/amp/s/m.timesofindia.com/business/indiabusiness/indiashealthspendjustover1ofgdp/amparticleshow/64655804.cms. Love and Peace accept JESUS While we still have time: [removed]. Fitch rating firmly trusts modi economic reform policy: [removed]. We express support to Safeguarding Democracy from Digital Platforms.:  https//i.redd.it/hwdvogutomq21.png A nonpartisan action plan on safeguarding elections and democracy from digital platforms and the misuse of social media has resulted out of a collective reflection by concerned civil society groups including Common Cause Internet Freedom Foundation Free Software Movement of India Association for Democratic Reform and many former public servants including Dr N. Gopalaswami and Dr S. Y. Quraishi both former Chief Election Commissioners. We stand with these organisations and individuals demonstrating our support to the need for free and fair elections. The statement is an urgent appeal to the Election Commission of India ECI to monitor the online spending of political parties for election campaigns and not just spending by candidates. It makes six suggestions to uphold and defend the integrity of the next general elections. It asks the ECI to make it mandatory for political parties to disclose official Political Party/Individual handles on all major platforms such as Facebook Twitter as well as lesser known platforms such as WeChat Sharechat TikTok etc. The statement has been endorsed by an array of leading citizens academics artists former constitutional office holders civil servants including Secretaries to the Government of India and retired CECs and civil society members. As the parties are now preparing their manifestos we urge them to consider the suggestions put forward. Link to important documents Statement Safeguarding Democracy from Digital Platforms [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1qpBDIpZa3MiJ1HN3Pl4rPkFZ38jB/viewuspsharinghttp//. Himachal growth model. Himachal growth model. India under Modi A growing economy but not enough jobs. 88 lakh taxpayers didnt file returns in year of noteban 10fold jump over previous year. Creditors May Lose Over Rs 90000 Crore As Videocon Sinks Report. US Count Found No Pak F16s Missing Contradicts Indias Claim Report. Indias growth at risk if Modi is not reelected CISCO CEO John Chambers. US Count Found No Pak F16s Missing Contradicts Indias Claim Report. Government sells Rs 1100 crore worth of enemy shares in Wipro.. Women Helping Women How a Network of Female Digital Finance Agents is Boosting Empowerment in India NextBillion. Draft employment report data shows that 12 of qualified people are without jobs. RBI cuts repo rate by 25 basis points loan EMIs likely to fall Times of India. Donald Trump goes after India calls it one of the highest taxing nations in the world. How to report poll code violations to the ECI. Statement on the TikTok Ban:  Processing img vl67sxx247q21... ampx200B Yesterday i.e. on April 3 2019 the Honble High Court in a public interest litigation passed an interim order banning the download of the social networking application Tic Tok. We agree that the privacy of children merits urgent legislative protection and this interim order may be an overreach on the fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression. It often seems we are in the throes of a social mediamoral panic. Within the space of a month we have seen the ban of PUBG in Gujarat by police departments and now the Honble Madras High Court has banned TikTok [refer to report by LiveLaw]https//www.livelaw.in/topstories/tiktokmobileapplicationdownloadprohibited144046. But first what is TikTok It is a social networking application that is aimed towards video creation and sharing. The average length of videos ranges from 1060 seconds. While such a format has been socially critiqued for a range of impacts the Honble High Court of Madras has passed three harsh directions which merit to be contested. The first direction prohibits the download of the application the second prohibits the television telecast of videos created through it and the third directs a response from the Union Government on its position to legislate a statute analogous to the Children Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA. Much of this has been done without adequate legal reasoning. While there are several legal arguments to be made against these directions we are examining whether IFF should approach the Honble Court and offer assistance. Briefly we share the concern of the Honble Court that issues of privacy cyber bullying and addiction. Children deserve legal protection online. This is why we have in the [Draft Indian Privacy Code 2018]https//saveourprivacy.in/bill made exhaustive provisions with respect to it. However it is important to consider that banning an application and prohibiting will be a clear case of overreach. We are in the process of conferring with legal counsel and will be taking steps to ensure that the fundamental rights of internet users are considered by the Honble Court. As with all of IFFs work subsequent steps and updates will be informed regularly and transparently. [Dont want internet in India to turn into a Banistaan Join IFF. Become a member today]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Do not be selfish prepare for more taxes to fund NYAY scheme Rahul Gandhis aide Sam Pitrodas advise to Indian middle class. BSNL to Layoff 54000 Employees But After Lok Sabha Elections Reports. India seems to be winning the black money battle. The Swiss banks have stated that Indian deposits have fell by 80 since 2014. Future of youngsters spoiled Madras HC directs ban on TikTok app. Indias Total GDP Change Over 200 Years. Kerala floods 2018 Report exposes Left govt expert blames poor dam management. 42 Indias Land Area Under Drought Worsening Farm Distress In Election Year. BSNL okays laying off 54K staff but will wait Govt. Poor dont know how much is owed to them. On Ahmedabads Streets Nobel Laureates Unemployment Warning Unfolds. Gujarat Fishermens Landmark Victory in US Supreme Court Goes Unreported in Indian Media. Air pollution killed 1.2 million people in India in 2017 says report bigger killer than smoking. Nobody cares for Bihars drying rivers in poll season. About Ichalkaranji Population: [removed]. Indians Life Satisfaction Goes Bust as Economy Booms. VP emphasises on creating ecosystem for rural entrepreneurship. Bengaluru come join us for a night of Digital Rights and Drinks today: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/w87iajdnutp21.png Bengaluru We hope to see you today at The Humming Tree Indiranagar for an engaging conversation with the IFF team on digital right. Our Executive Director and lawyer Apar Gupta techie and Board CoChair of IFF Karthik Balakrishnan and Board Member of IFF and activist Rachita Taneja you may know her from her comics called Sanitary Panels will be there. Lets discuss your views on digital rights and any ideas you have on what IFF can do to protect it. The event is at this [link.]https//www.eventbrite.com/e/openbarforanopeninternettickets59377449550 Please do Register Details of the event Date April 2 2019 Time 8PM to 11PM Location The Humming Tree Indiranagar. Indian coffee varieties get GI certification. Need support / Condolences / Anything....: [removed]. Hyderabad sees fastest GDP growth Chennai Kolkata slowest. Lashkar Jaish recruited most number of locals from JKs Pulwama in 2018 19 Report. Need help in reporting these: https//imgur.com/a/sJBLmTr Such messages keep coming to me from a whole lot of different numbers and i get atleast 20 per day. It just fucking fills my inbox irritates me and sometimes I miss some important messages sent by someone. I needed some fucking help in reporting these not blocking as I think it is illegal and if nothing is done against them they just might continue to flood the inboxes of innumerous other people. I had searched up on google and had got a number 1909 on which sent a message according to the format required. But soon a reply came invalid keywordsvalid keywords START STOPetc.. I guess thats because they might have changed some stuff. Please if someone knows any site or number where I can report them just help My sim is of BSNLCellone. Should We Worry About the Slowing Economy. Govt plans to specify a unique colour code for generic medicines. Rs 2000 demonetised good luck.. Sheila Dikshit exCM of Delhi had a birthday party in my neighborhood and they left a mess behind Im told theyve cleaned up after themselves in the past but is this how political leaders should behave at ALL. Whats the policy to control an epidemic in waiting this was outside a hospital in Bambawar Near Dadri Uttar Prdesh India. Indias Fiscal Deficit Widens To 134.2 Of Target In February. Earth hour: Earth hour should be practiced everyday. Sometimes I feel it is just a marketing campaign which doesnt generate desired results.. Fiscal deficit crosses 134 of budget estimate at Februaryend. USA vs China vs India Everything Compared 19702017. Indias current account deficit narrows to 2.5 of GDP fiscal deficit widens. Majority of Govt deptts continue to treat audit paragraphs as trash. Centralized AC Cleaning Dubai. Income tax CAs across India request Modi govt to rein in tax officials. apply for indian e visa: [removed]. Easy and a durable process: [removed]. Digital Rights and Drinks See you soon Bengaluru: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/57k903uef0p21.jpg Bengaluru Redditors Weve got events lined up for you Monday On April 2 2019 Monday Internet Freedom Foundation is conducting a bit of a meet and greet with IFFs leadership at the wellknown Humming Tree between 7PM to 11PM. It will be an informal chat with lawyer and Executive Director of IFF Apar Gupta techie and Board CoChair of IFF Karthik Balakrishnan and Board Member of IFF and activist Rachita Taneja you may know her from her comics called Sanitary Panels. This will be a space to chat about digital rights tech policy and how issues such as privacy online censorship net neutrality can be advanced in the framework of innovation. But mostly we want this gathering to be about listening our community of supporters on their ideas for IFF and what it can do to protect digital rights in India. If this is something that interests you please do join and bring your friends. We hope to see you there The event is at this [link.]https//www.eventbrite.com/e/openbarforanopeninternettickets59377449550 Please do Register Details of the event Date April 2 2019 Time 8PM to 11PM Location The Humming Tree Indiranagar Tuesday Busy on Tuesday Fret not. The Centre for Internet and Society is hosting a public talk on April 3 2019 by IFFs Executive Director Apar Gupta on the challenges to digital rights being faced in India. However our capacity is limited to 30 people so hurry up and RSVP by emailing [pranavcisindia.org]mailtopranavcisindia.org. Further information about the talk is at this [link]https//cisindia.org/internetgovernance/events/whatisiffamodelfordigitalrightsadvocacyinindia. Details of the event Date April 3 2019 Time 6PM to 8PM Location The Centre for Internet and Society Domlur Do invite your friends and colleagues. Both events are open to the public and in our continuing focus to engage and learn from individuals and communities on how we can strengthen IFFs work and mission See you next week Bengaluru ampx200B. Why is the Rs 10 coin not mentioned in the RBIs official page of valid coin denominations: [removed]. Why is the Rs 10 coin not mentioned in the RBIs official website of valid coin denominations: [https//rbi.org.in/Scripts/ic\coins.aspx]https//rbi.org.in/Scripts/iccoins.aspx. BRICS Everything Compared 19802017. DSC Payslip 2019 Login Download DSC Monthly Pay Slip Kannur. Indian Police Detain BelgianBorn Economist and Social Activist. [Serious] How does a government provide jobs: Government managed institutions only need a limited number of employees. And with increased automation the scarcity of unskilled jobs is only going to increase. Still inorder to create more jobs the current government has introduced the [Phased Manufacturing Programme PDF]https//meity.gov.in/writereaddata/files/NotificationPMPCellular20Mobile20Handsets28.04.2017.pdf. It indirectly enforces companies to manufacture locally. As I see it entrepreneurship should be the preferred way of making jobs. During the current governments tenure the [ease of doing business has increased]https//www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/behindindiasleapineaseofdoingbusiness/article25469900.ece and the government is actively encouraging entrepreneurship with things like [Startup India]https//www.startupindia.gov.in. Isnt the main cause main cause of this epidemic overpopulation How would another government combat this issue any better. India the biggest democracy is actually saving democracy across the globe A hidden battle. Economist Jean Dreze Two Others Let Off After Being Detained Briefly By Jharkhand Police. [Policy]Traffic fines need to be linked to the value of the vehicle.: I dont see any other way to actually make people respect road laws in a way that will effect all motorists.. Representation to the DOT on net neutrality violations.:  https//i.redd.it/4g6drd7sjto21.png Highlights Background There have been increasing reports of website blocking by various ISPs all over India. To which we built a crowdsourced information form encouraging users to report violations of net neutrality they were facing. Need for an enforcement mechanism The main threat to net neutrality is the absence of mechanism that monitors reports and provide users with a well established redressal process to address violations. Background Owing to a large public movement on Net Neutrality known as SaveTheInternet.in the Telecom Regulations Authority of India TRAI made the Prohibition of Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services Regulations 2016 which banned zero rated services after much public protest. Further consultations on the issue of technical discrimination led to the TRAI eventually introducing amendments to the Unified License conditions which upheld the intrinsic connection between net neutrality and free speech. Need for Action In our previous posts we provided information of our analysis of the reports of blockings that we received [Read here for more]https//savetheinternet.in/blog/whataweekupdatesfromsavetheinternet/. We also explain why website blocking is a violation of net neutrality [here]https//internetfreedom.in/whattheblockournetneutralityrulesrequireamonitoringandenforcementstructure/. In brief when any blocking is carried out without direction or order of the Court/Government it is considered to be discriminatory treatment. Additionally even if this measure is being engaged it is necessary that it be done in a manner that is proportionate transient and transparent. Neither of these conditions have been met and have left users with no understanding of the reasons for such blockings or a mechanism for redressal. Hence in light of the growing intensity of such violations and after seeking advice from external legal counsel we have made a formal representation to the Department of Telecommunications requesting for certain interim steps to be carried out [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wS1gUa0nl3YLM2Tlhjpej8l97cZanyZ/viewuspsharing. That as an interim solution investigation into the reports of violation submitted by close to 250 prople until an enforcement body in line with the recommendations of the TRAI is set up. That the DOT enforce its authority to ask for records/information of compliance by licensors especially with regard to the complaints reported to us. That in ensuring deterrance of such violations necessary fines for breach be considered. However these are just the initial steps in supporting TRAIs recommendations in creating an enforcement structure for Net Neutrality. We are only just beginning. Economist Jean Dreze Two Others Detained In Jharkhand. Heres how RPL making change in rural India. Direct tax collection falls short CBDT raises alarm. The Real Story Of Kashmir. Timing Pulley Manufacturer in South Africa. Big development. United States takes public vote route to list Pakistan based Jaish terrorist Masood Azhar 1267 Committee bypassed for the first time. 15 UNSC members to vote on resolution to designate Masood Azhar soon. Massive diplomatic push against Pakistan.. Fresh move by United States to designate Masood Azhar at UNSC. US moves fresh resolution against Azhar with French amp British support demands subjecting Azhar to arms embargo travel ban amp asset freeze. Jaish had claimed responsibility for Pulwama terror attack. Restricting PartyinPerson Is it constitutional:  [https//www.youtube.com/watchvCxmpIIMqzcM]https//www.youtube.com/watchvCxmpIIMqzcM Today I learned that the courts in India or is it only the Bombay High Court can restrict a defendant or litigant from representing themselves and can decide to legally require them to be represented by a lawyer. This is something similar to the absurd requirement that tax returns of individuals who trade in equities and derivatives file their returns as a business and get their returns attested/filed by a CA. Along with the obvious problem that people representing you are much less invested in your case whether legal or financial such legal requirements create a situation where lawyers and CAs get an easy opportunity to loot the common man while providing the least service.. Facebook finally bans white nationalism and white separatism: Can Hindu Nationalists be next please . Curb on imports to bring rupee to 6870 level Department of Economic Affairs. RBI receives aggressive bids infuses 34500 cr. liquidity. Raghuram Rajan raises doubts over 7 growth seeks impartial data examination Times of India. Top 20 Love Marriage Specialists in Pune Payment after work. We make space for so many vanity projects UBI is not impossible to implement Economist Abhijit Banerjee. Vijay Mallya posted a series of tweets lashing out at stateowned banks for double standards for their intervention to bail out Jet Airways while the same lenders caused his Kingfisher Airlines to fail ruthlessly and loss of jobs: [removed]. UPSRTC clocks record 123cr profit in 1718Highest by any state: [removed]. Will Build 10 Singapore in Delhi if Full Statehood Granted Arvind Kejriwal: This socialist ignoramus is the total antithesis of LYK with no clue about how Singapore became what it is. Amazing that these fools imagine that just by saying Singapore they can create Singapore. He will never read never try to understand but continues to mislead the people of India.. What a Week Updates from SaveTheInternet on Website Blocking:  https//i.redd.it/5hawt3hdugo21.png Its been a week since we reactivated SaveTheInternet.in. and we have received overwhelming support Here is an update on the reports of website blocking over the last week. Over the last few months IFF has been on the look out for Net Neutrality violations. Through an online [reporting form]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfW1hG9msgaILOLk1EMEY3V3UDJIZlTJPRoxgkIO7pUzuZ2aA/viewform we gathered evidence of extensive blocking carried out by not just one but various ISPs all over the country. We created a [data sheet]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676 and [provided a summary]https//internetfreedom.in/morethan100peoplereportviolationsofnetneutralityalloverindiaweneedenforcementaction/ of the reports based on the information collected. A round total of 200 responses of blockings beginning January 2019 to March 2019 was received. In light of these rampant violations we thought it fit to reactivate our SaveTheInternet website and a week has passed since. The website has [Take Action Petition]https//savetheinternet.in/petition/ button which allows individuals and organisations to show support to list of joint demands which is then sent to the relevant government offices. The purpose behind this decision was move beyond email support for net neutrality to active petitioning. In this short period of a mere week we have received tremendous support with about 970 signings. The website also has the option to [submit reports]https//savetheinternet.in/report/ of any net neutrality violations to us. In addition to our earlier 200 we have received a further of 65 reports of such continued blocking. This is a brief analysis of the latest reports. Broad Trends We continue to see general blocking of porn proxy VPN torrent and streaming websites Streamable College humour Sound cloud Telegram Reddit and Alexa.com as we did in our previous reports. https//i.redd.it/fp9bu0kgugo21.png There have been a few responses that indicate blocking of sites that measure internet speeds gaming sites and some report pure latency being introduced for certain websites. A large portion of these connections are mobile based but there have been a number of wired connections reports as well. The ISP conducting the highest amount of blockings is Jio both mobile and wired with some from Airtel Hathway You Broadband Spectra amongst a few others. The blockings have been widespread ranging from Himachal Pradesh Uttar Pradesh West Bengal to Maharashtra Karnataka to name a few states. The most recent report that has drawn a considerable reaction from users is the blocking of indiankanoon and earlier today taxscan. Claims are that a Government order has been provided for indiakanoon however there has been no evidence or reason for the blocking. Additionally after this blocking was discovered access has been restored to the website. A consolidated datasheet of the form which redacts the personal details of the respondents is [available here]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NvHjlRQSrfZZ2jTq3Qy97Jla0AVnrAIo59smAvZ4wg/edituspsharing. In our efforts to address these violations we plan on sending a detailed response to the Department of Telecommunications and the Telecommunication Regulatory Authority of India of our findings. Please do continue to [report any violations]https//savetheinternet.in/report/ it will aid in taking necessary steps further. If you havent shown your support for Net Neutrality yet make your way to this [link right here and sign the petition]https//savetheinternet.in/petition/ Link to important posts Raw spreadsheet of recent reports violations [link]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1NvHjlRQSrfZZ2jTq3Qy97Jla0AVnrAIo59smAvZ4wg/edituspsharing Raw spreadsheet of previous compilation of violations [link]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676 Read a summary of the blocking reports and why blocking is a Net Neutrality violation [link]https//internetfreedom.in/whattheblockournetneutralityrulesrequireamonitoringandenforcementstructure/. Raghuram Rajan raises doubts about India growing at 7 says cloud over GDP data needs to be cleared. Indias Exposure to US Treasury Securities: After losing almost 30 billion from its Forex kitty between April and early November Indias forex reserves slowly started increasing in midNovember. If yields move down and bond prices rise there is a good opportunity for the RBI to book profit by again offloading securities and moving to other eligible investments. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/bpy3g2jt8go21.jpg. Headline Mistake on Front Page typo error of Rs 72000 cr instead of Rs 72000 a year.. Saradha scam SC says CBI has made very very serious revelations in its status report. The bench asked the agency to file an application within 10 days seeking appropriate relief against former Kolkata police commissioner Rajeev Kumar.. A Manifesto for Progress. Top 10 Voterspriorities and Governments performance ADR report. Under Arvind Kejriwal govt enrolment amp pass percentage have fallen in Delhi govt schools. These rights arent going to fight themselves Its been four years since Shreya Singhal or has it really:  Processing img wf0xrk4geeo21... The Momentous Result On March 24 2019 we celebrated the four year anniversary of the one of the most significant judgements in the digital rights sphere the case of Shreya Singhal v. Union of India. Many of you may have kept abreast with this tumultuous journey over the years so here is a brief recap timeline of our adventures. 2012 When 21 year old student Shaheen Dhada was charged under Section 66A of the Information Technology Act 2000 for her comment on the shutdown of public functions due to the death of late Bal Thackeray the fight for internet freedom in India took flight. Section 66A criminalized the dissemination of certain types of messages that were offensive or menacing. This provision was used so indiscriminately for the prosecuting of individuals for their basic expression of free speech. As a result a petition to amend this Section was filed in the Supreme Court against this disproportionate law. 2013 After the Supreme Court issued notice in this petition there were several others that filed petitions challenging Section 66A. We mention the a few groups such Common Cause the online review website Mouthshut The Internet and Mobile Association of India and the [Peoples Union for Civil Liberties]http//www.pucl.org/ to draw importance to need for collaboration amongst various stakeholders from diverse backgrounds. Individuals civil rights groups and industry associations who all came together to further and deepen constitutionality. 2015 The challenge to this section took two years to receive the landmark judgement by the Supreme Court declaring 66A unconstitutional however this was merely the beginning of things to come. The Illegitimate FourYear Reign 2016 Even after it was struck down reports by the National Crime Records Bureaus NCRB Crime in India released during the year informed that around 4154 new cases were filed and 3137 arrests were made in 2015 while 2423 arrests were made the previous year. In addition about 575 people were still in jail on January 1 2016 twice as many as the 275 in prison when the law was in force a year earlier. 2017 There were whispers of a proposition by the Ministry of Home Affairs to strengthen Sections 153A and 505 laws that deal with hate speech and statements of public mischief of the Indian Penal Code through amendments rather than modifying 66A. An idea that received support by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology. 2018 [A working paper]https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893 by the Internet Freedom Foundation through Abinav Sekhri and Apar Gupta published a study of the continued prosecution under 66A despite its declaration as unconstitutional. It looked to media reports online legal databases and reports of the National Crime Records Bureau to analyse cases. Through their study they established that 66A lived on. However we did see an update to electronic records of the IT Act and the Indian Penal Code on Indiacode that incorporated the changes the judgement brought about making 2018 a little less grey. 2019 Blue skies appeared when in collaboration with PUCL we took this research to court to ensure these prosecutions were stopped once and for all. Victoriously the Honble Court once again took a positive stance by ordering that a copy of the Shreya Singhal judgement to all Courts Prosecutors and Police Departments in India to ensure complete awareness through the grapevine. The Current State of Affairs But the Shreya Singhal decision was much more than about Section 66A. It concerned the intermediary rules which govern platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. It also dealt with website blocking. Both these issues stressed on the importance of protecting our fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression. Over the past few months the digital sphere has grappled with intense hurdles to its somewhat generally free and uninhibited state of being. We have brought to the forefront two further issues apart from the horrendous revival of Section 66A. Website Takedowns Late 2018 saw the introduction of the Draft Information Technology Intermediary Guidelines Rules which largely threatened to clamp down on the right to freedom of speech and expression through breaking encryption automated censorship further Government access to personal data [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/a16022019/. However before this was released to public consultation the Indian express reported that these changes were first debated in a private meeting. Subsequently we thought it necessary to make these changes public. This was promptly followed by a call for comments. Website Blockings We portrayed in [our very visual explanation]https//internetfreedom.in/whattheblockournetneutralityrulesrequireamonitoringandenforcementstructure/ the violations of Net Neutrality through the rampant spike in blocking that are being carried out by various ISPs all over India over the last few months. Initially we collated the data received through our online reporting form but most recently we informed you of our reactivation of SaveTheInternet campaign in light these various threats to net neutrality. We thought that in light of the fouryear Shreya Singhal anniversary it was necessary to highlight that these victories not only take time but continued efforts. These results require constant advocacy action and followup. More importantly the jointcollaborations with various likeminded organisations activists that truly care for your digital rights is what enable these triumphs. Without any of this we face the risk of scaleback and recession as is happening right now. Therefore as far as clichs go we assure you that we along with many others will continue to rage and rage against the dying of the light. Continue to support us and we continue to support you [Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Few details Rs 3.6 lakh crorequestion Will Rahul Gandhis minimum income scheme be a topup or subsidy tweak. Owners having a hard time paying for property tax are crushing Indian businesses. Our team couldnt get into the office today.. 26 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. Building a house for everyone in India. Virgin Hyperloop. Ola cabs back on Bengaluru roads as Karnataka govt lifts ban. Time for Project Leopard in India Report on poaching in Uttarakhand points to officials connivance raises alarm. 25 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. Whom to report my neighbour preferably anonymously for running an illegal factory inside residence. Any of you guys in Toronto: Im a Pakistani Canadian whos sick of how much the [army leeches off the countrys wealth]https//tribune.com.pk/story/1904969/2govtpayrs36trilliondefencedebtservicing/. Im sure my Indian brothers agree that our nations deserve better leadership who needs to address the real issues of poverty water sanitation climate change etc. I am thinking of creating a dialogue showyoutube where we discuss the war propaganda in both India and Pakistan. Lets work together to show the public that we have more in common than in difference. ampx200B You can DM me or generate a dialogue here. Peace. India is facing a serious water crisis.: With the beginning of summer many Indian states including Gujarat are facing a serious water crisis. To add to the woes the general elections will happen for the large part of April and May. At the peak of summer. And as we all know owing to the elections the elected representatives at central and state level will become full time campaigners and the local administration will get busy managing their events. Governance is set to take a serious hit. It is only a matter of time that the crops and cattle will start dying. Water mafia will go rampant. Marginalised groups will be overlooked. Fights will erupt over first access to water. Industrial production will go down due to short supply of water. The decline in ground water levels will fast accelerate. Water scarcity will lead to food scarcity. A national crisis is about to take place. Clearly the election commission didnt care. But would this be an election issue Would the media give spotlight to the sharded lands the parched lakes the dying livestock and the thirsty hapless people of digital India Would urban Indians even care To add a perspective 600 million Indians live in areas of high to extreme water stress. Source [Economic Times]https//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/1billionindiansliveinwaterscarceareasreport/articleshow/68498081.cms. Question about the Unemployment rate in India: Hey guys Im an unemployed engineering graduate from India. Im trying to understand a few things about the problem. 1 Why is the unemployment rate so high today I just stumbled upon this [https//www.cmie.com/kommon/bin/sr.phpkallwarticleampdt2019031920094612ampmsec486]https//www.cmie.com/kommon/bin/sr.phpkallwarticleampdt2019031920094612ampmsec486 2 I dont fully understand the governments responsibility not a rhetoric or a taunt. I am absolutely clueless about this possibly due to my inability to research and understand this on my own for this and would like an ELI5 or any sort of explaination about this. 3 What are the possible ways in which this problem can be fixed or at least be made more tolerable ampx200B Note I am not supporting or bashing anyone or any party/organisation. I am trying to genuinely understand this problem and would appreciate genuine answers. Please do not take offence to any of the above sentences I mean no harm. Thanks. 24 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. This video shows some bizarre ads some of us used to see as kids on TV. I used Bing by mistake to search MODI DRESS while shopping. This came up ...  https//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/03/blogpost187.htmlm1. Thank you Redditors: Hi folks ampx200B I had been reflecting on our engagement on Reddit for the past few weeks and thankfully I had some time today to get this out. Part of why I am writing this is often people devalue the strength of online communities in the growing waves of a global techlash. We often concentrate on the problems of abuse loss of privacy or mental distraction as we should but also forget the benefits of why we keep using these tools as we should not. Here is a short thank you note explaining what the Reddit community means to us at IFF and how it is becoming instrumental in charting our journey. ampx200B Over the past few months we have actively engaged on Reddit and shared how we are building out an effective organisation to fight for our digital rights. But what are digital rights Many do not even understand what privacy means And to those who it does make sense they do not see any clear path to winning on such battles. That is why IFF exists. We want to champion the ideals of fundamental rights with technology. A core part of this idea is enriching public debate. Through public engagement like here and making ordinary people stakeholders in the formulation of tech policy letting them know whats happening in our courts and government ministries. Even to make it fun and make it easier for them to participate ampx200B Along with conversation what also matters are solid wins which come through institutional engagement. Some of our recent work demonstrates we can achieve public victories on important issues such as Section 66A online streaming internet shutdowns and net neutrality. This impact comes through first with small but tangible steps which seem incremental but build into giant leaps over time. None of this would have been possible without all of you. Most of the community here has been overwhelmingly supportive of our work. Has been curious engaged and questioned us to do better. We could not ask for more. But we do when it comes to money which for us is not a bad word. ampx200B To us money means resources which we strive to use effectively. That can strengthen our mission primarily through staffing the best talent and building a team of digital rights allstars. Here the Reddit community has been a tremendous boost to our work. A lot of the financial support for IFF has come in totalling to about 2.7 lakhs in the past three months. This is what we like to call grassrouter donations. Presently in a given month we average about 8090 donations and now with a monthly subscription plan that we built out we have 40 members we started with zero donations in October and about 30 in November. Yes these are modest figures even for a nonprofit like us but are have helped pay costs and hire people. They have demonstrated that IFF provides a valuable social service and many people are there to support it. ampx200B One area which is on the top of my mind where we can be better is involving volunteers. While many volunteers are working with us we have lost many others due to a lack of interest. We hope to work up the magic sauce to make this work by one of our next hires a community and communications outreach person. ampx200B Let us know what we can do or if you would like to help up. We have limited staff and resources but are always open to thoughts and suggestions. ampx200B Thank you Redditors have a great weekend ampx200B Apar Gupta Executive Director Internet Freedom Foundation. 23 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. Ola banned in Bengaluru for next 6 months. National male workforce shrinking says labour report that Govt buried. Tencent reportedly imposes sixhour restriction on PUBG Mobile players in India. Rupee just became the best performing currency in Asia within two weeks of being labelled the worst thanks to the rise in popularity of our beloved PM renderey by the Balakot Airstrikes. The turnaround has been fueled by the improved chances of Prime Minister Narendra Modi winning a second term amid recent tensions between India and Pakistan. Wtf. Around 70 percent of career opportunities are available in below five industries for data analytics in India.. The Adani Group strongly objects to factually incorrect and malicious reports on the acquisition of mine on forest land in Chhattisgarh. We want to clarify that no such acquisition has taken place. We urge everyone to ignore and avoid spreading of the fake news.. How can Kashmir Conflict be resolved: [removed]. Delhi powers ahead of mumbai/s economy. Cable Network new rules: So the new rules have applied in my localitys tooI was using the local cable network till now...but its mandatory to shift they say. The cable guy has given me a sheet with all the channels with check boxesand on the other side packages of channels I wanna opt for mix of Hindi English and local Language channel so there isnt any package for that. What do I need to know before checking the channels I want .. I dont want him to dupe me...give me all the info you know to be right... Thanks in advance. If I Had Got More Than a Minute to Speak Arun Shourie on Rafale Proceedings in SC. National male workforce shrinking says labour report that Govt buried Jobs News The Indian Express. For First Time Since 199394 Indias Male Workforce Is Getting Smaller Report. Indias rupee just went from Asias worst to best currency. World Markets Mostly Lower as Investors Await Fed Report.  / 106 31 .... India staring at severe water crisis among worst in the world Research. PollVault So Many Chowkidars but Corruption Watchdog Five Years Late. U.S. human rights report flags curbs on Indian media. About 72 Indians are worried about not having right skills to secure wellpaying jobs and an equal percentage of them fear the country is losing its unique tradition and culture.. Hyderabad HC Internet a maya bazaar Aadhaar data may stay online. National male workforce shrinking says labour report that Govt buried. So i just finished civil engineering and i saw this. In snub to China Dalai Lama says his successor may be from India. Paul Krugman Nobelwinner Paul Krugman warns India story could end with mass unemployment. Section 66A returns to its grave after accidental resurrection.: [removed]. Holika Dahan 2019 Traders To Burn Chinese Goods on March 19 to Protest Chinas Stand on Terrorist Masood Azhar: Chinas decision to block the proposal at the UN to enlist JaisheMohammed JeM chief Masood Azhar as a global terrorist drew ire and criticism from Indians across the globe. A large number of Indians took to Twitter demanding a boycott on Chinese goods. People on social media stated that there should be a complete ban on Chinese goods being sold in Indian markets. . 19 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. Modi vindicated as IIM study debunks jobless growth theory says 15 million added to labour force yearly. Emergency Tickets Quota Tatkal Scam of Indian Railways. What happened to BSNL: I think BSNL was sabotaged internally for the profit of private companies. BSNL used to be a very good provider of telecom services in the country. I remember it was the first telecom company that came into our small town it provided very good service for that time it was relatively cheap and reliable. It was also the first 3g provider in our area. But somehow quality of its services went downhill over the yearsnowadays the network goes down in my area very frequently due to some fiber optic cut or sometimes something gets stolen from the tower premises and nobody seems to care. Everybody in my town had at least one BSNL sim which they used but after the disruptions everyone got frustrated and switched to other providers. At the time of 3g allotment BSNL was forced to take the spectrum in all circles by matching highest bid price in that circle. I dont understand why couldnt the govt give the spectrum for free in the first place. After all its a govt entity and everybody must have known it would kill BSNL. The government didnt even allocate 4g spectrum to BSNL it was like the final nail in the coffin. . SaveTheInternet is now online: [removed]. Best Trademark Law Firm in US. Redditors SaveTheInternet.in is now online: [removed]. Looking for sources on NITI Ayogs policies: [removed]. This recent Wonderful Interview of Raghuram Rajan. Indian Air force Exposed After 2627 February Airstrike PAF Attacked i.... Modi governments environment policy endorses everything that bodes well for business TheWire. Are there any documentaries or reports that shows the situation of mental hospitals and asylums in India. SHEKHAR GUPTA China humiliated India because of these 5 fatal follies of Modi Doctrine. What is Dearness allowanceDA in Hindi... 2 DA for central government .... What could possibly be the reason for Pakistan not opening its airspace: Does this not affect their economy which is already in bad shape I am surprised no one is asking this question Do they have some kind of monetary/symbolic incentive to keep their airspace closed . Daily News Current Affairs and GK In Hindi and English. Proposed ecommerce norms cloud future of Netflix Hotstar Amazon Prime. Is arvind kejriwal doing better than sheila ji: Which party has done more work in Delhi. Aap or congress. . Modi Govt Wanted to Sell ONGCs Biggest Oil amp Gas Fields to Pvt Companies Report. 17 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. DeMon RBI just rubberstamped it. Why is pubg banned and not gta: At one point of time GTA was almost as popular as pubg and had all sorts of things which actually encourage murder and objectify women. Im not saying GTA shouldve been banned Im wondering why pubg is such a big issue considering theres other games that have much worse and might actually be responsible for teenagers doing messed up stuff rather than pubg. Bids invited for Rs 20000 crore bullet train project. Guess whos back back again SaveTheInternet: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/51080s0s6hm21.jpg Background Back in 2016 the principles of Net Neutrality were established in India when the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority of India prohibited Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services. This effectively prohibited pricing and technical discrimination as offered Facebooks Free Basics services. In 2018 TRAI further solidified net neutrality in its recommendations which the Department of Telecommunications adopted to make license amendments. However there have been lasting concerns over the years that largely deal with lack of enforcement of these Rules. This brings us to the current day scenario where we have been witnessing rigorous website blocking by TSP/ISPs with no legal justification. We have been updating you in our previous [posts]https//internetfreedom.in/whattheblockournetneutralityrulesrequireamonitoringandenforcementstructure/ of these rampant occurrences. The Present and Future of Net Neutrality in India The Centre for Communication Governance at NLU Delhi and the Internet Freedom Foundation organised an engaging discussion on The Present and Future of Net Neutrality this on March 14 2019 Thursday at the India International Centre Annexe. The reason behind organising such a gathering was to examine Net Neutralitys existing regulations and concerns but more importantly identify the necessary steps forward to protect the spirit and intent of net neutrality. The panellists comprised of experts from government academia civil society organisations and industry. Additionally we have created a report summarising significant aspects of the discussion [Read here for more]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1vCL0niT1AjiymaxLHHpibuitgCK2es/viewuspsharing. ampx200B [ ]https//i.redd.it/kqy6wibu6hm21.png SaveTheInternet As we have explained over the past few months the Internet Freedom Foundation has focussed its efforts on identifying the violations of Net Neutrality through blocking of website access. It is in light of these current threats to net neutrality it has taken the step to activate the [SaveTheInternet.in]https//savetheinternet.in/ website on March 18 2019 at 800 AM. The website has been designed to move beyond email support for net neutrality to active petitioning. With a direct [Take Action Petition]https//savetheinternet.in/petition/ button it provides individuals and organisations with the opportunity to show support to list of joint demands sent to the relevant government offices. We continue to make it possible for you to [submit reports]https//savetheinternet.in/report/ of any net neutrality violations to us. However the buck does not stop there. We at IFF will continue to monitor violations as we have and to the best of our abilities will ensure the spirit of Net Neutrality is maintained in India. Through this data we will be armed to take advocacy actions make formal complaints and ensure TRAI and DOT enforce the necessary enforcement mechanisms. All for one and one for all [Support IFF in the fight for Net Neutrality]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/.. What is the difference between rightwing and leftwing in India: Are there different ways of looking at it Economically Administratively Socially etc. Kerala Has 22552 Mothers In AgeGroup 17 To 19 Almost 74 Per Cent Urban And 76 Per Cent Muslim Government Report. US ready to review preferential status if India comes up with a trade proposal Report. CVigil App Election Commission of India to report Model Code of Conduct or Expenditure Violation: cVIGIL allows anyone to report Model Code of Conduct or Expenditure Violation cVIGIL provide time stamped evidentiary proof of model code of conduct / Expenditure Violation having live photo/video with auto location data. This unique combination of timestamping live photo with auto location can be fairly relied upon by election machinery to navigate to the right spot and take prompt action. The GISbased dashboard provides strong decision tool to drop and dispose of frivolous and unrelated cases even before they are acted upon thereby reducing the workload of election machinery on ghost complaints. Presently there is a lack of fast information channel to transmit and track complaints on MCC violations. Delay in reporting of Model Code of Conduct MCC violations has often resulted in the culprits escaping detection from the flying squads of election commission entrusted to ensure enforcement of Model Code of Conduct. Further lack of any documented untampered evidence in the form of pictures or videos was a major hurdle in establishing the veracity of a complaint expost facto. The Commissions experience has also shown a significant percentage of reporting was false or inaccurate which led to wastage of precious time of Field Units. The new cVIGIL app launched by Election Commission of India is expected to fill in all these gaps and create a fasttrack complaint reception and redressal system. cVIGIL stands for Vigilant Citizen and emphasizes the proactive and responsible role citizens can play in the conduct of free and fair elections. Citizens are encouraged to use the ECI main website for lodging the other type of complaints or call the National Contact Centre at 1800111950 or State Contact Centre at 1950 for other complaints. Only available on Android https//play.google.com/store/apps/detailsidin.nic.eci.cvigil. 16 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. Govt panel considered selling ONGCs biggest oilfields to pvt firms Report. More than 100 economists raise red flag over government interference in data estimation. Report for ISPs blocking sites: Heres a link to report the blocking of sites. I am sure someone must have posted the link anyway but here you go anyway https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfW1hG9msgaILOLk1EMEY3V3UDJIZlTJPRoxgkIO7pUzuZ2aA/viewform. A probably unpopular take on agarian problems: I hope for an actual debate in the comments. Please dont use down votes to show disagreement The problems faced by the farmers large stem from their own community. At this point a large portion of them are basically economic liabilities. Its is wasteful where 50 of our population generates only 18 gdp . We dont need to this many people and most of them are in disguised unemployment anyway Raising MSP is basically BS and would just worsen the situation . The value of agricultural produce is usually quite low as compared to even other primary activities this is true everywhere. Raising MSP would just put the government under more financial pressure. The problem is largely because the land holding are too small . According to google in 201516 the average size was 1.08ha. This is the biggest problem as there is simply no viable way to earn a profit from 1.08ha of normal land and crops. It maybe possible if the crop is highly valued such as spices medical herbs rare or expensive flowers or other cashcrops but these things grow in a select few areas. 45ha can earn a decent if not high profit provided use of technology and commercial practices Therefore the farmers just end up in an endless cycle of debt trap every few years. Small holdings cant earn a profit the produce from these small lands just goes mostly for subsistence and there is little marketable surplus. Despite what people say about giving technology etc. It wont work. It would just put the government in debt instead of the people because of the same reason. These holdings are too small to effectively use technology these farmers would gain some but still wouldnt have enough profit to continue maintaining and using modern farming techniques and the same situation would be created. Not only this but if a large area is controlled by a single person he can work more efficiently try more things as well earn enough to purchase technology himself without going into debt There are only 3 ways I see. 1. Consolidate the farmers lands into corporates. I still dont understand why farmers havent realized this . There are very few cooperates in this field just seeing Mother Dairy or AMUL should have been example enough. The only way to make them do this is literally to use force as most of them are either not educated or unwilling for some stupid reason 2. Encourage growing of more valuable crops wherever possible there is no reason to grow wheat or rice at place where the climate can support more valuable crops . Also by making these people have more competitive market practices. The best way is to force them to do this by reducing protectionism 3. Simply getting themselves out of agriculture . It is known that they have higher fertility rates. The only thing stopping their kids from acquiring education is their own stubbornness and idiocy. There is no reason to not send one of your 4 kids to school when literally everything related to and used in schools is free for them. They also gain money by just sending their girl child to school under Beti Padhao Beti Bachao. All in all we need to look beyond these woes and go for the long term using force if necessary. If we dont this shit will keep repeating every few years. This is not the governments fault these guys have every facility that maybe needed to get out that situation it is not our responsibility if they fail to use it. . A Smoldering Volcano Pakistan and Terrorism after Balakot. A critical analysis of Modi government on job creation or rather job destruction . Economists allege political interference in statistical data The Economic Times. 15 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. A probably unpopular take on the problems faced by farmers: Note that this is an opinion. Please remember that the purpose of down vote is not to show disagreement The problems faced by the farmers large stem from their own community. At this point a large portion of them are basically economic liabilities. Raising MSP is basically BS and would just worsen the situation . The value of agricultural produce is usually quite low as compared to even other primary activities this is true everywhere. Raising MSP would just put the government under more financial pressure. The problem is largely because the land holding are too small . According to google in 201516 the average size was 1.08ha. This is the biggest problem as there is simply no viable way to earn a profit from 1.08ha of normal land and crops. It maybe possible if the crop is highly valued such as spices medical herbs rare or expensive flowers or other cashcrops but these things grow in a select few areas. 45ha can earn a decent if not high profit provided use of technology and commercial practices Therefore the farmers just end up in an endless cycle of debt trap every few years. Small holdings cant earn a profit the produce from these small lands just goes mostly for subsistence and there is little marketable surplus. Despite what people say about giving technology etc. It wont work. It would just put the government in debt instead of the people because of the same reason. These holdings are too small to effectively use technology these farmers would gain some but still wouldnt have enough profit to continue maintaining and using modern farming techniques and the same situation would be created. Not only this but if a large area is controlled by a single person he can work more efficiently try more things as well earn enough to purchase technology himself without going into debt There are only 3 ways I see. 1. Consolidate the farmers lands into corporates. I still dont understand why farmers havent realized this . There are very few cooperates in this field just seeing Mother Dairy or AMUL should have been example enough. The only way to make them do this is literally to use force as most of them are either not educated or unwilling for some stupid reason 2. Encourage growing of more valuable crops wherever possible there is no reason to grow wheat or rice at place where the climate can support more valuable crops . Also by making these people have more competitive market practices. The best way is to force them to do this by reducing protectionism 3. Simply getting themselves out of agriculture . It is known that they have higher fertility rates. The only thing stopping their kids from acquiring education is their own stubbornness and idiocy. There is no reason to not send one of your 4 kids to school when literally everything related to and used in schools is free for them. They also gain money by just sending their girl child to school under Beti Padhao Beti Bachao. All in all we need to look beyond these woes and go for the long term using force if necessary. If we dont this shit will keep repeating every few years. This is not the governments fault these guys have every facility that maybe needed to get out that situation it is not our responsibility if they fail to use it. . There Was A Mistake Certain Pages Of CAG Report Omitted From The Copies Given To Your Lordships AG Tells SC [Rafale Courtroom Exchange]. ISPs are reportedly blocking Reddit in India. How to stop using Made in China products Dhruv Rathee Economical amp Realistic Solution. An unpopular opinion on unemployment crisis: As we all know unemployment is at an all time high .Most people say that it will be a major issue in the upcoming elections. All in all everyone is blaming someone or the other but I feel that that no government is at fault Unemployment will probably stay over 5 for sometime to come. Lets be honest no matter what any government tries our economy is not big enough to support 1.3 billion. Absorbing people into agriculture and low or unskilled jobs will just make things worse in the long run. We all laughed when Modi said that we could sell pakodas but he wasnt kidding. Selling pakodas and having a small shop is actually the only way everyone can earn money and yes there shouldnt be shame in doing so. We arent communist either. Big companies or enterpreneurs will always constitute the majority of the economy and this is not bad unnatural or something we should oppose . How to stop using Made in China products Dhruv Rathee Economical amp Realistic Solution. Indian Banks have confidence towards large projects only: [removed]. Property Management Service for NRI in North India.: [removed]. Salaries not reachable but citys BSNL employees wait for things to get better. BSNL Employees to Get Salary Before Holi Government Releases Pending Dues of Rs 171 Crore to MTNL. Even Mudra job survey data put in deep freeze. Raghuram Rajan on Understanding Community Ep. 62. Weve come a long way bois. Phase out diesel vehicles within six months NGT tells CONCOR The Hindu. Mudra job MSME Jobs survey data put in deep freeze: [removed]. What a shame of a democracy we live in. Ive lived in absolute monarchys that had more freedom of expression than this country.. 14 March 2019 Eco News Daily Eco News Latest Eco News in Hindi. Modis Disinvestment policy was a joke: [removed]. Invitation to The Present and Future of Net Neutrality at the India International Centre Annexe New Delhi: Hello fellow Redditors Have we got news for you The Centre for Communication Governance at NLU Delhi and the Internet Freedom Foundation invites you to attend a spirited discussion on The Present and Future of Net Neutrality this Thursday March 14 2019 at the India International Centre Annexe Lecture Room II. Why the rager We know you too have noticed the endless website blockings recently. First Telegram then Redditindia today Alexa.com Such restricting of access to websites is the most visible form of Net Neutrality violation as we have explained in our previous post. We began tracking violations through our online reporting tool witnessing continued blocking over the last couple of months currently totalling to 171 reports. This clearly does not seem to be a temporary issue. Take a look at the variety we discovered Apart from the actual blockings our main concern lies in the inability of users to lodge complaints against ISPs. Hence this discussion will be led by experts designed to analyse the existing regulations and obligations on net neutrality. We intend to discuss measurement and enforcement steps to be taken in ensuring enforcement mechanism that monitors reports and provides users with a well established redressal system to address net neutrality violations. There is need to make sure Indias got the strongest net neutrality laws are not just on paper. We would love for you to come by to brainstorm together This event is open to the public free of charge unfortunately only the Delhi public for now. However registration is required and were filling up incredibly fast. Please do register ASAP. See you there Agenda Two panel discussions will take place Panel I Net Neutrality Regulations in India which will be moderated by Sarvjeet Singh Executive Director Centre for Communication Governance at National Law University Delhi. Panel II The Future of Net Neutrality which will be moderated by Raman Jit Singh Chima Asia Policy Director of Access Now and CoChair of the Internet Freedom Foundation. Date and Day March 14 2019 Thursday. Place Lecture Room II India International Centre Annexe New Delhi. Time 600 pm to 800 pm. . Invitation to The Present and Future of Net Neutrality at the India International Centre Annexe New Delhi.. Invitation to The Present and Future of Net Neutrality at the India International Centre Annexe New Delhi.: [removed]. Prices of Nearly 400 AntiCancer Drugs Slashed by Up to 87 Expected to Save Patients Millions in India. Prime Minister Visits Bhutan. sub to Pewdiepie: [removed]. Raghuram Rajan says capitalism is under serious threat. 13 March 2019 Daily/Latest Eco News. Indias Young Graduate Engineers Struggle to Find Work as Jobs Crisis Worsens. Just In Industrial production slows to 1.7 in January 2019 as compared to 7.5 in yearago period Govt data. PTI. Explained India becomes Trumps latest trade target. India worlds second largest importer of major arms report The Express Tribune. RBI moves towards becoming the tenth largest holder of gold worldwide:  In 2018 over 600 tonnes of gold was bought by central banks led by emerging market banks. This was the highest in the previous five decades. Economic uncertainty slowdown and the U.S.China trade conflict supported investment flows towards gold. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/i9p7d7lpiol21.jpg. Job crisis Indias engineers struggle for work as job crisis worsens. CtrlAltStall Indias engineers struggle for work as jobs crisis worsens.. Participate in Bridge India Annual Diaspora survey:  Indian diaspora think tank Bridge India today launched is inaugural panEuropean Indian Diaspora survey. Bridge India is a progressive nonprofit think tank dedicated to discourse on public policy for the betterment of India and was launched in late2018 in London. By launching this survey the organization seeks to develop a better and more detailed understanding of the Indian diaspora in Europe including their relationship with India and create a goto resource for policymakers in Europe and India to understand diasporas issues and concerns better. This survey will not only provide an overview of the diaspora landscape across Europe it will help inform Bridge Indias activities in the coming year. It focuses on questions about NRI voting rights politics how well integrated Indian diaspora are in their home country in Europe motivations for emigrating trade relations and more. The results will be released in London in Summer 2019. There are nearly 30m people of Indian origin around the world. Surveys such as these are important for understanding the views of the current generation and can help policymakers better interact with the diaspora. Please take the survey here [http//www.bridgeindia.org.uk/survey/]http//www.bridgeindia.org.uk/survey/. 12 March 2019 Daily/Latest Eco News.. Gujarat cities have started banning PUBG.. Gujrat cities have started banning PUBG.  http//prathamikshaikshikkhabar.blogspot.com/2019/03/blogpost57.htmlm1. Tax Scam of Vodafone. Universal Basic Income a great idea but needs to be tested: [removed]. Pilot project for making Delhi more pedestrian friendly. National Ganga Council Headed by Narendra Modi Has Not Met Even Once. Largest job creators in MSME sector Telangana Maharashtra and Gujarat. Minutes of RBIs PreNote Ban Board Meeting Raise Questions Over DecisionMaking Process. Revealed Secret Operating Procedure followed by the Govt for digital snooping.:  https//i.redd.it/vf5zcq1sbhl21.png We recently received the Governments common reply to petitions filed by IFF and others challenging the constitutionality of Section 69 of the IT Act the IT Procedure and Safeguards for Interception Monitoring and Decryption of Information Rules 2009 and the MHA notification authorizing ten security and intelligence agencies to conduct electronic surveillance. We have [previously explained]https//internetfreedom.in/theministryofhomeaffairsdelegatessnoopingdecryptionhackingpowersabrogatesresponsibilityandundermineprivacy/ why the existing legal framework for surveillance needs urgent reform. The CounterAffidavit filed by the Ministry of Home Affairs has disclosed the Standard Operating Procedure followed by law enforcement agencies to snoop on citizens. The Standard Operating Procedure is more appropriately titled as the Secret Operating Procedure because it has been brought into the public domain for the first time. The disclosure of the Secret Operating Procedure is a major step in reforming Indias surveillance regime which is otherwise shrouded in secrecy. A copy of the CounterAffidavit and the Secret Operating Procedure is available on [The Leaflets website]https//theleaflet.in/centredefendssnoopingnotificationinthesupremecourt/. The contents of the CounterAffidavit and the Secret Operating Procedure confirm our worst fears about centralization of power in the hands of an opaque and unaccountable Executive. In spite of [repeated requests]https//internetfreedom.in/topsecretgovernmentrefusestorevealtotalnumberofsnoopingrequests/ the Government has not disclosed the total number of interception orders passed in its CounterAffidavit. Further the Governments reply confirms that there is complete lack of judicial oversight in the surveillance process. Most troublingly on certain issues the Secret Operating Procedure even dilutes the meagre safeguards present under the Information Technology Procedure and Safeguards for Interception Monitoring and Decryption of Information Rules 2009. The Supreme Court has given us 4 weeks to respond to the Governments CounterAffidavit and you can read the Order passed on 8 March 2019 [here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wNvAmRzRqV6Tqhtfz295aqZQhMRx3m/view. We will soon post a detailed analysis of the Secret Operating Procedure because this never seen before extralegal document has profound privacy implications for all of us. Link to important posts and documents Copy of the CounterAffidavit filed by the MHA available on the Leaflet [link]https//theleaflet.in/centredefendssnoopingnotificationinthesupremecourt/ Our explainer on how the MHA notification could turn India into a surveillance state [link]https//internetfreedom.in/theministryofhomeaffairsdelegatessnoopingdecryptionhackingpowersabrogatesresponsibilityandundermineprivacy/ Our post on the MHAs refusal to respond to RTI queries about total number of interception requests [link]https//internetfreedom.in/topsecretgovernmentrefusestorevealtotalnumberofsnoopingrequests/ Copy of Order dated 08.03.2019 passed by the Supreme Court granting us 4 weeks time to reply [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1wNvAmRzRqV6Tqhtfz295aqZQhMRx3m/view. Water Fountain Manufacturers in Jalandhar. Things to Consider When Choosing a Pediatrician. India Imposes Complete Ban on Solid Plastic Waste Imports. U.S. presses India to stop buying oil from Venezuelas Maduro envoy. 11 March 2019 Daily/Latest Eco News : [removed]. Demonetisation wont curb black money RBI told government. Brand Modi vs Rest Will the Modi brand Resurrect itself in this Indian general election 2019 showdown. Deal for 36 Rafale jets a masterstroke says IAFs Kargil war architect. How do fans produce wind New Kerala helpline is encouraging children to ask questions. India is more than 2 times cheaper than average world country. Membership Programme Support us in our fight for digital rights: Hi Redditors We know how much you care about digital rights and your overwhelming support has been instrumental in making sure we are able to work for your rights. But as an organisation it is important for us to grow and expand so that we keep doing better each day. To make that happen we have rolled out a new Membership Programme where you can lend your support to us in a more structured and regular way. Memberships start as low as 100 and offer certain benefits based on the membership tier such as membership cards goodies and quarterly donor calls. Do check out our website for more details on this and if you have any questions drop us an email at [donateinternetfreedom.in]mailtodonateinternetfreedom.in https//i.redd.it/bmladf7gh3l21.png. Does Flipkart hide some negative comments: [removed]. What the block Our net neutrality rules require a monitoring and enforcement structure:  https//i.redd.it/jvawqsmfa1l21.jpg Internet Freedom Foundation has been actively engaging with the issues of net neutrality ever since our triumphant win for open and nondiscriminatory access to the Internet. We emerged victorious when net neutrality in India acquired solid footing through recommendations issued by the Telecommunication Regulatory Authority of India TRAI prohibiting Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services. In brief [we explained]https//internetfreedom.in/traisrecommendationsareanotherbigvictoryfornetneutralitybutfollowupactionisneeded/ how TRAI recognised the principle of nondiscrimination broadly interpreted with good reason providing understandable exceptions along with a mechanism for transparency and accountability. However over the years in extensively covering this issue we have become privy to various bumps in the supposed unhindered existence of net neutrality in India. Currently a particularly concerning threat to net neutrality looms the web. IFF has been engaging with users for a few months gathering evidence through its online [reporting form]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfW1hG9msgaILOLk1EMEY3V3UDJIZlTJPRoxgkIO7pUzuZ2aA/viewformof extensive blocking carried out by not just one but various ISPs. In a [previous post]https//internetfreedom.in/morethan100peoplereportviolationsofnetneutralityalloverindiaweneedenforcementaction/ we disclosed a [data sheet]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676 and provided a summary of the reports based on information collected. Updated Summary 1. Over the month the number of reports provided to us has seen a considerable increase now standing at a total of 171 responses of blocking beginning January 2019 to March 8 2019. 2. A large portion of our findings are mobile internet users at 62.9 while 29.3 are wired connections graphically represented below as well. 3. Reports show that blockings conducted by Hathway have begun more recently over the past month and a half restricting access to Proxy Services Virtual Private Networks and majorly the Telegram website. 4. Over the past few days there have been increasing complaints against Jio for the blocking of Reddit in cities ranging from Bangalore Chennai to Pune and Noida. ampx200B ampx200B https//i.redd.it/yssxrit2a1l21.png Seeing is believing Understandably one would assume a direct correlation between illegality/immorality and blocking. However this is far from true. It has spared no corner of the web from pornography proxy and torrent sites VPNs to even mainstream platforms like Archive.org Telegram and Soundcloud. Most recently we discovered reports as from various users as in the summary above that even Reddit has been blocked specifically on Jio GigaFiber if accessed without VPN. We provide a few instances below to exemplify our reports since naturally seeing is believing. However we go beyond it to active monitoring of ISPs by the DOT for compliance and eventually towards remedy. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/yselnch8a1l21.png ampx200B https//i.redd.it/tge05vc9a1l21.png Is it a violation you ask This blocking trend has raised significant concerns regarding its impact on net neutrality. The fundamental aspect in maintaining net neutrality is the equal treatment of all data with no restriction on the access choices of the user. The Department of Telecommunication in the amendments it carried out aim to ensure this. Ideally this created a prohibition on internet service providers from either speeding up slowing down restricting choice bandwidth and the ability to access anything on the Internet. It is important to understand the illegality behind these current swarm of blockings Violation of Net Neutrality Firstly an ISP is not permitted to engage in any discriminatory treatment of content. Discriminatory here indicates any form of discrimination restriction or interference in the way it treats content it goes on to include practices such as blocking degrading slowing down or granting preferential speeds or treatment. Therefore in light of our current blockmania it is in clear violation of net neutrality. Type of Practice Secondly even if such practices are engaged there is a mandate on ISPs to be proportionate transient and transparent and can be carried out only under specific conditions. We have examined a variety of reports concluding that there has been no explanation by the ISPs for the blocking the continuity over the last few months clearly it not temporary and neither has it been conducted transparently with no information being provided by the ISP Requirements Thirdly the conditions it fails to comply with are of particular importance to us. These practices can be conducted if an ISP is reasonably managing traffic providing emergency services during a grave public emergency in order preserve integrity and security of the network/equipment in pursuance of an international treatyand most applicable to us in implementation of a court order or Government direction. Evidently the latter is especially not the reason as per an RTI request Read here for more. Additionally what is of further concern is the absence of mechanism that monitors reports and provides users with a medium to lodge complaints against ISPs as a safeguard. In an [earlier submission to TRAI and the DOT]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1qQcA73a63IydEZqr0XVGhG7Nak2BHvhS/view we suggested there be an enforcement mechanism of sorts in line with the recommendations made by TRAI. This will provide users with a well established redressal process to address net neutrality violations. We are in dire need of transparency and an enforcement mechanism as the number of merely recorded reports are becoming increasingly commonplace. Our fight for net neutrality has stood its ground in the face of continued opposition through out these years and we will not be slack in this attempt to undermine one of Indias most significant digital victories. Over the next few weeks we will be attempting to organise a convening of important stakeholders to this conversations examining steps for actual enforcement remedy and complaint. We would be failing in our duty to protect Net Neutrality if we do not pick this up soon. Link to important posts Our summarised report of Net Neutrality violations around India [link]https//internetfreedom.in/morethan100peoplereportviolationsofnetneutralityalloverindiaweneedenforcementaction/ Raw spreadsheet of reports violations [link]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676 Tell us if your ISP is blocking any proxy websites or VPNs. We promise to seek remedy. SaveTheInternet SaveOurPrivacy [link]https//internetfreedom.in/tellusifyourispisblockinganyproxyorvpnswepromisetoseekremedysavetheinternetsaveourprivacy/ Another step forward in Indias leadership on NetNeutrality SaveTheInternet [link]https//internetfreedom.in/anotherstepforwardinindiasleadershiponnetneutrality/. What the block Our net neutrality rules require a monitoring and enforcement structure.. Gold worth Rs. 90 Lakh seized at Hydrabad airport. Your Morning Fix Special How close is India to getting 100 Smart Cities TheModiYears. Bahrain Pressure Could Legalize Crypto Market in India. Your Morning Fix Special How close is India to getting 100 Smart Citie. Uber Lost and Found Index Report. Hindustan Times reports man landing on the moon.. Govt of India and RBI has launched 20 rupees coin in the market.. Sugar mills welcome financial assistance for ethanol production. Before Govt blocked jobs report stats panel search body tweaked in its favour. Capitalism needs communities and communities need to be saved. Communities which have been left relatively powerless while state and markets have expanded can lead to mass resentment and rage writes economist Raghuram Rajan.. Here We Bleeping Go Again: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/rqk15qe8knk21.jpg Background The Delhi High Court dismissed a Public Interest Litigation on February 8 2019 by the Justice For Rights Foundation. A similar PIL has been filed with the Karnataka High Court on February 2 2019 requesting the Government to prescribe suitable legislation to regulate viewing content on online streaming services. Need for consistency The Delhi High Court in its judgement reinforced the adequacy of the Information Technology Act. We wrote to the Ministry of Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology to ensure steps are taken to similar stance in relevant cases. Background Recently the Honble High Court of Delhi was approached by the Justice for Rights Foundation praying for separate guidelines on online streaming content [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/takeitandgo/ where the Court took a positive stand in maintaining the sufficiency of the Information Technology Act 2000. However in yet another Public Interest Litigation the Karnataka High Court has served notice in a petition approached before it seeking regulation of online video streaming services [Find the order here]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/03/PadmanabhShankarvNetflix.pdf. This petition has a slight twist to it. If You Cant Beat Them Join Them While the attempt to create new guidelines took a bit of a nosedive what better way than to slyly use existing legislation to achieve the same goal. Unlike the case in the Delhi High Court this petition additionally desires to include online streaming within the ambit of what is known as the Cinematograph Act 1952. As a result this would render it as public exhibition requiring such content to be certified regulated by suitable legislation with an appropriate Board through sanction. This would potentially function much like the Central Board of Film Certification CBFC likely to further extend its moral policing habits. Its highly unlikely that anyone wants a Pahlaj Nihalani regime on the internet. However the basic premise behind this petition lies in the claim that there is a lack of legislative framework in the regulation of online viewing content. Keeping this in mind however the Delhi High Court has rightly enforced the adequacy of the Information Technology Act 2000 in governing content and the platform establishing that there is no need for separate guidelines [Read the Order here]https//drive.google.com/openid1W7g9fLcgG8vYBJuDag0NQYOZru1npo6. We wrote to the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on February 20 2019 suggesting steps in ensuring consistency in such cases in all courts [Read our letter here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1k0cy7gG4V2I8klsYzMiCOGQbnvgoPnN/viewuspsharing. Once again we approach their offices requesting a press release on the order passed by the High Court of Delhi to ensure the positive stand receives greater awareness amongst both the Courts and the general public. We hope the Karnataka High Court will consider this to maintain such consistency in the not only the protecting of our right to freedom of speech and expression but also in the self sufficiency of Information Technology Act. Document Links [Public Interest Litigation]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/03/PadmanabhShankarvNetflix.pdf filed in the Karnataka High Court on February 2 2019 [Our letter to the Ministry of Information amp Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology dated March 7 2019]https//drive.google.com/openid1yvOG34tU52SQ5g33o5fRR5blT5fDh2s [Public Interest Litigation]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2018/10/DelhiHCNetflixAmazononlineshowsPetition.pdf filed by the Justice for Rights Foundation and a copy of the [Order]https//drive.google.com/openid1W7g9fLcgG8vYBJuDag0NQYOZru1npo6 dated February 8 2019. [Our letter to the Ministry of Information amp Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology dated February 20 2019]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1k0cy7gG4V2I8klsYzMiCOGQbnvgoPnN/viewuspsharing Is bleep going to bleep the new bleep Lets hope not. Continue to support us as we fight against the bleep.[ Become an IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Pak News Channel Reports Fake News That Sikh Regiment Refused To Fight For India. Running out of road The death of diesel. New formula for minimum wage in India could double incomes but only if implemented right. Indias balancing partnerships in Eurasia ORF. Top Beneficiaries Under U.S GSP Program: The US has announced that it intends to terminate Indias designation as a beneficiary of its Generalized System of Preferences GSP. The move came two days after Trumps reference to India as a veryhigh tariff nation and his demand for a reciprocal tax on goods from India is in keeping with Washingtons concerted attacks on Indias trade stance. Exports to the US from India under GSP at 5.7 billion were over 13.25 of Indias total goods exports of 43 billion to the US that year and a far smaller proportion compared to Indias total exports. The US goods trade deficit with India was 22.9 billion in 2017. However blanket removal of the GSP scheme for India means that about 1900 products exported by the country to the US will be hit. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/uh2bizjc3ik21.jpg. Unemployment Rate in India Highest at 7.2 Since Sept 2016 Report. Very cool. Anyone know when this started. BI tool for economic policy data.. Why is India so poor compared to other BRICS: [removed]. Indias unemployment rate highest since 2016 Report. Indias Unemployment Highest Since 2016 Climbs to 7.2 in February CMIE Report. Under Modi govt Coal Indias market cap fell by Rs 85000 crore almost 40 in 4 years. Donald Trump said that he intends to end Indias preferential trade treatment under a program that allows 5.6 billion worth of Indian exports to enter the United States duty free.. Trump moves to end special trade treatment for India. One Nation One Card PM launches mobility card that would work across country Times of India. In Other News The Indian conglomerate Mahindra Group introduced the Fastest Car in the world which in fact is Electric.: I think this sub needs some good news which is always missing So here it is. gtThe Indian conglomerate Mahindra Group bought a majority stake in Pininfarina in 2015. Mahindra has an automotive division owns South Korean car company SsangYong Motor and runs a team in the Formula E racing series. gt gtSo when Mahindra decided to extend the Pininfarina name from car design to car production it brought with it expertise and resources. Anand Mahindra chairman of Mahindra Group said he wants to take Automobili Pininfarina in the opposite direction and prove that electric cars can be luxurious exclusive and collectable. Electric vehicles are the future and Mahindra intends to be in the mass market for shared mobility and autonomous vehicles he said. But this disruption is not going to affect peoples desire for things of beauty and make the heart beat faster. Source [https//www.bbc.com/news/business47418405]https//www.bbc.com/news/business47418405. Hours after reports of an Indian submarine sighted in Pak waters Pak claims to arrest 44 extremists.. the heart of the internet: [removed]. Free Meal Full Refund for Flight Delay Govt Issues New Passenger Rights Charter. India housing market to cool despite government support Reuters poll. PsyOps insight with Yuri Bezmenov: In view of the stupid PsyOps Pakistanis played and some of us stupidly fell for including the NYT article I am posting a link of a YT video which showcases and provides a good deal of insight into playing the long game in spycraft. Liberals rightwingers warmongers peace lovers neutral people part of the system kind of people can all be explained as both a cause and consequence through this video. Sit back and enjoy. A major part of the interview covers India so please do not remove this without watching. Thanks. [https//www.youtube.com/watchvy3qkf3bajd4]https//www.youtube.com/watchvy3qkf3bajd4. Launch of One Nation One Card for all modes of transport. After India Loses Dogfight to Pakistan Questions Arise About Its Vintage Military. Tera Time Aayega [A Special Message from Indian Railways]: ampx200B [This came in the mail today.]https//i.redd.it/h0e0exf5uyj21.jpg. Intel agencies trying to ascertain reports on Masood Azhars death Officials. JeM Chief Masood Azhar Responsible for Pulwama Attack Dead Report. finally some good news. Uber in India Safe for Female Traveler: [removed]. Rs 9000 crore gas grid project for Northeast India. Indias economy slows before national election. Do You Think You Are Supreme Top Court To Haryana On Aravalli Land: [https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/onaravalliforestssupremecourtasksharyanagovernmentdoyouthinkyouaresupreme2001215]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/onaravalliforestssupremecourtasksharyanagovernmentdoyouthinkyouaresupreme2001215. Arun Jaitley hopes more banks will exit RBIs PCA framework with govt funding support. The Modi Years Do more Indians have access to electricity. Cabinet approves reservation for people living within the Border not LoC and other status people.. If provoked prepared for any contingency Army at joint defence briefing. You dont need to be a conspiracy theorist to believe that the digital payments giant Visa influenced the Indian governments 2016/17 anticash Demonetisation drive Visa pretty much openly brags about it in their annual report. Govt. detects 20000 cr. GST evasion 10000 cr. recovered. Pakistan Prime Minister Imran Khan As a peace gesture we are releasing Wing Commander Abhinandan tomorrow.. The Danger of Multiple Stories An Assessment of the Facts and Reporting Surrounding the Pulwama Attack. Indian economy is losing momentum data shows. Views on IT cells:  Ever had an experience of getting a new twitter account banned when you just try to troll their IT cell or just post anything slightly anti BJP or anti Mr. Modi Faced that a lot I am kind of hooked up rn but wanted to try the varying degrees extremism in the views that can flag you on the BJP IT cells radar and they mass report you to get you banned. For the first time it was a single tweet enough but next time I started with some softer views with linearly increasing harshness an it took them like 10 tweets to get triggered. PS This sub might also be very much in their radar as the political consultancies BJP hires have very intellectual grads from the likes of IIT and IIM alumnus . PPS If you dont know about BJPs IT cell then it would make a very long post Go watch Dhruv Rathee on YouTube and you will also get to know their media connect which is quite visible in current state of affairs.. Andhra Pradesh gets new railway zone called South Coast Railway in Vishakhapatnam. Will the Supreme Court of India Finally Ban Bitcoin. Led by NBFCMFIs microfinance loans grow 43 to Rs 1.7 trn in FY19 MFIN. Pakistan F16 Shot down. Failure of Pakistan is known to all.. A PAK f16 jet shot down by IAF. CNN news reporting. How trustworthy is CNN. Indian ecommerce market to touch 84 billion in 2021 Report. [Humor] You heard about Method Acting Let me introduce Method Reporting . TV9 Telugu. Budget 2019 Key Highlights For Small Businesses In India. Adani Group wins bid to operate Guwahati Airport. India Strikes Back... Surgical Strike 2... Detecting Shell Companies MCA Seeks Location Photo of Companys Registered Office in Form INC 22A. Uri 2.0. What 2050 will be like the world in the future and how India will become the crowdest country in the world and the second largest economy.. India lacks good economic jobs data due to informal economy says Bibek Debroy. Adani Group highest bidder for operating developing five airports. Waste bars offer free drinks in exchange for beach trash. Adani Group wins bids to operate 5 AAI airports. Water dangers loom for South Asia Report suggests countries have to start cooperating or pay a huge price. PM to visit Kumbh Mela Sunday. Afghanistan opens new export route to India through Irans Chabahar port. Seems like everyones adjusting themselves for the coming Automation Era.. Delhi Economy Booms People Earn More Delhi Economic Survey 201819. UPSEE 2019 20 15 . AlQaeda in the Indian Subcontinent AQIS The Nucleus of Jihad in South Asia Report. Power sector Circular Debt: [removed]. Trump alarmed by very dangerous situation between Pakistan India The Express Tribune. GoI to launch public DNS server. Uber is reportedly close to making a tactical exit from Indias food delivery industry. Modi government passes ordinance to ban unregulated deposit. Uber Eats Close to India Exit To be Reportedly Acquired by Swiggy. Govt. Approves New National Electronics Policy. The Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Visit to India. Mo D. Our elderly deserve a life of dignity. Governments Second Innings Home scheme is transforming old age homes in the State. The facilities will have modern bedrooms recreation rooms libraries yoga rooms treatment rooms labs pharmacy food court and a walkway.. Bigger then terrorist attack. Ache Din: Just few days ago I posted a [picture of two Fifty rupee notes]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/as7wgp/thedifferencebetweenoldandnewfiftyrupees/ highlight the wear and tear of new ones while the older notes are pretty intact. ampx200B Now I just got this Ten rupee coin which has a cut on it. Not just the cut but there is hardly anything readable on this coin. Most of it has worn out. The coin was made in 2016. ampx200B Isnt the primary purpose of having a coin is to make the currency last longer What do you think [New Designer Coins]https//i.redd.it/ebard7yxw1i21.jpg. New energy in India Saudi relationship. India not to allow its share of water from Indus network of rivers to flow into Pakistan. Tripura gets first Mega Food Park. WION woman journalist manhandled by reporter at Aero India in Bengaluru. Indian economy fundamentals sound set to reach 5 trillion says PM. Russia To Support India To Declare Masood Azhar As A Global Terrorist In UNSC. Supreme Court orders eviction of 10 Lakh Adivasis from forestlands. Times Now reporter showing his true color. After PM Modi meeting Saudi Crown Prince talks about 100 bn investment opportunity in India. Report of Courtappointed Architect What it says and the areas where it is silent. Finance panel chief calls KCR a leader with great audacity and panache. Raghuram Rajan Indian is eventually going to be bigger economy than china.. Like amazon prime before bedtime The Delhi HC supports you. Says no to TV style censorship for online streaming platforms.:  Processing img i18pnt8qknh21... Highlights Background In a public interest litigation filed by the Justice for Rights Foundation in the Delhi High Court a plea was made for separate guidelines to regulate content on online streaming platforms. The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting MIB and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology MEITY informed the Court that the Information Technology Act is a robust enough legislation. On February 8 2019 the High Court agreed with this submission and dismissed this PIL. Industry proposes SelfRegulation In January 2019 at the India Digital Summit in New Delhi the Internet and Mobile Associations of India IAMAI along with some prominent online video streaming companies created a code for selfregulation. As per press reports this has been presented to MEITY and Ministry of Information and Broadcasting MIB for endorsement. We have in the past cited concern on this measure. Giving credit where it is due We wrote to MEITY appreciating the position it took in affirming the sufficiency of the Information Technology Act for online video content streaming even though some provisions within it require reform. We have also called on for additional steps including seeking a correction of the order given it cites the nonexistent Section 66A and asking a copy of it to be furnished in similar public interest litigations. Background Three interesting events have taken place bringing us to this particular intersection. One On October 11 2018 a public interest litigation PIL was filed by the Justice for Rights Foundation in the Honble High Court of Delhi W.P. C 1164/2018 requesting the Court for guidelines on regulating certain kinds of content on the online platform. This included web based shows such as Sacred Games Game of Thrones etc. for vulgarity pornography abusive language as you can imagine the list goes on. This is not limited to certain adultbased content but even the use of the phrase Holy Cow in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory [Read the PIL here]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2018/10/DelhiHCNetflixAmazononlineshowsPetition.pdf. Two On January 16 2019 the Economic Times reported an agreement among certain companies and the IAMAI on a code for the selfregulation by online content providers. We explained the deterrent effect this would have on your online viewing experience [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/weurgearethinkontheproposedselfcensorshipforvideostreamingplatforms/. Three On February 8 2019 a division bench of the Honble Delhi High Court consisting of the Honble Chief Justice Rajendra Menon and Honble Justice V. Kameswar Rao delivered a verdict on the PIL filed by Justice for Rights Foundation dismissing the petition. This was possible largely due to the positive submissions by MIB and MEITY. Appreciation with a side of caution The Honble Court affirmed that while there is no separate provision for regulating online content the provisions of the Information Technology Act 2000 were not only merely applicable but an adequately armed with Section 69 to block illegal content. It also contains an entire chapter of offences which can take care of illegal content. While we are concerned with some of them this is an incremental victory. It prevents a heavy licensing style system from emerging in the video streaming space which would threaten our viewing choices online. A large part of this result is due to the submissions of both the MIB and MEITY which pointed that there is no need for further guidelines when sufficiently stringent provisions are already in existence. Agreeing with them the Honble Court instructed that if the petitioner continued to consider content provided on certain platforms prohibitory it should take it up with the relevant statutory authority. Thats legal for tough luck. You can find the order of the Court [here]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1W7g9fLcgG8vYBJuDag0NQYOZru1npo6/viewuspsharing. This is a positive outcome due to the submissions made by two government ministries. We have called on them to cement this with taking the following actions Incorrect reference to Section 66A The Honble Court order has referred to Section 66A of the Information Technology Act which was struck down as unconstitutional. Here government ministries should ideally approach the Court and request for a correction of this error. Utilise the Order After such an application has been made and a corrected order is available it may be used in similar PILs which are pending in different courts over India. This will prevent any inconsistency and help maintain our online freedoms. Avoid according sanction to the selfcensorship codeIf the IAMAI SelfRegulation Code for online video streaming platforms was to receive validation it would result in it being accepted as an industrywide norm. Cut to the precensorship of your favourite shows. This would defeat the very beauty that lies in the uninhibited nature of online viewing content. Your shows would just be one magnificent bleep like Udta Punjab and its 94 cuts. It is for this reason we urge both MIB and MEITY to maintain its position which it took in this case. We will be sending a letter for these follow up actions and also seeking a meeting with their offices. You can find our letter to MIB and MEITY [at this link]https//drive.google.com/openid16ce4AZnFeya06YZmqSLPhNTPlzVlWwlWljEhEMEUNc. Document Links [Public Interest Litigation]https//barandbench.com/wpcontent/uploads/2018/10/DelhiHCNetflixAmazononlineshowsPetition.pdf filed by the Justice for Rights Foundation and a copy of the [Order]https//drive.google.com/openid1W7g9fLcgG8vYBJuDag0NQYOZru1npo6 dated February 8 2019. [Our letter to the Ministry of Information amp Broadcasting and the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology dated February 20 2019]https//drive.google.com/openid16ce4AZnFeya06YZmqSLPhNTPlzVlWwlWljEhEMEUNc [Our letter to IAMAI dated January 17 2019]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFY3ZWWXpRdnRuVEpwWmMzYW1kR21yejA3d2g0/viewuspsharing Like Amazon Prime before bedtime Help us fight against TV style censorship creeping to the internet. [ Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Does the UP gov publish its budget in English: [removed]. Neither a Borrower Nor a Lender Be Why MicroCredit Brings Only Modest Returns:  Everyday [Sufiya Begum]http//www.futureofchildren.net/wpcontent/uploads/2016/07/SpeakingTruthMuhammadYunusv1.pdf a 22year old mother of 3 borrowed 22 cents from local moneylenders to buy bamboo with which she made furniture. All of her profits went back to those same moneylenders as she had to borrow at interest rates of 10 a day. Lack of access to capital and financial services has locked hundreds of millions of the most vulnerable in poverty. Many have touted microcredit as an intervention that can pull these people out of poverty but it is unclear how effective it is in fighting poverty. Todays podcast will be exploring the effect of microcredit on global poverty focusing on the success of the Grameen Bank in Bangladesh the microcredit financial crisis of India and an examination of the empirical evidence on microcredit. Muhammad Yunnus winner of the 2006 Nobel Peace Prize began his career as banker to the poor in the village of [Jobra]https//www.economist.com/media/globalexecutive/bankertothepooryunuse.pdf Bangadesh. He was inspired by the story of Sufiya Begum to make small loans to [42 women]https//www.economist.com/media/globalexecutive/bankertothepooryunuse.pdf. To his surprise all 42 women paid back their loans. Banks showed little interest in adopting Muhammad Yunuss idea so in [1983 ]http//grameen20bank2C20microcredit20and20millennium20development20goals/Muhammad Yunus created the Grameen Bank. The Grameen Banks model centered on organizing groups of poor women. Each individual in a group is mandated to save small amounts of money everyday and receives financial coaching from Grameen Bank employees. Average loans are [small ]http//www.grameen.com/wpcontent/uploads/bskpdfmanager/GB201533.pdfaround 170 and generally intended for small business creation. While loans are made to individual members liability for loans are share at the village level among groups of groups. The microlending relies upon social pressure by group members and the fact most members have few borrowing choices beyond microcredit to ensure extremely high levels of [repayment]https//www.kansascityfed.org/publicat/reswkpap/pdf/rwp1011.pdf Microcredit has grown at a spectacular rate in Bangladesh. [Approximately ]https//www.researchgate.net/publication/314243671MicrofinanceMarketinBangladesh25 million Bangladeshis about one seventh of the population borrow 5 billion from microredit financial institutes every year and microcredit has been credited for [one tenth]http//www.ifpri.org/blog/howmicrofinancehasreducedruralpovertybangladesh of poverty reduction in rural Bangladesh. The initial success of microcredit in Bangladesh led to its rapid expansion. However as is the case in Andhra Pradesh India the result was overexpansion. Vikram Akula a long time admirer of the Grameen Bank founded SKS Microcredit in 1995 quickly turning it into one of the regions largest microcredit lenders. Akula argued that microcredit needed to attract private [profit seeking]http//www.informaticsjournals.com/index.php/jbt/article/viewFile/21237/17453 capital if it was to reach all of the poor. Vikram Akula worked to attract venture capitalists such as Seqouia Capital the venture capital firm behind Google and Apple. The companys expansion accelerated in 2009 as the company moved towards an IPO. SKS added 100 branch banks trained 1000 workers and added 400000 borrowers in just work. Loan officers were given incentives such as expensive watches and cash bonuses for signing up as many people as fast as possible. Unsurprisingly the quality of loans dropped rapidly and SKS loan officers had to resort to drastic tactics to [coerce ]https//www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052970203918304577242602296683134repayments. SKS officers threatened borrowers with violence. Scores of suicides by desperate borrowers have been documented. The public turned against SKS bank and its employees were attacked if they attempted to collect loans. Eventually the government of Andhra Pradesh stepped in dramatically increasing regulations on microcredit and effectively shutting the for profit microcredit industry down. Given Bangladesh and Andhra Pradeshs opposite experiences with microcredit it is incredibly difficult to say if microcredit has a positive impact on fighting poverty. The original research on microcredit was highly promising. Studies consistently found [large ]https//digitalcommons.pepperdine.edu/jef/vol9/iss1/2/positive impacts on income especially for [poor women]https//openknowledge.worldbank.org/bitstream/handle/10986/19162/multi0page.pdfsequence1. However these studies were observational rather than experimental. While economists try to control for education income and other observable variables in their analyses it is impossible to control for everything. As a result developmental economics is coming to use experimental methods such as randomized control trials to understand what works. In 2005 researchers created a microcredit experiment in [Hyderabad]https//economics.mit.edu/files/5993. They partnered with a local microcredit lender to open branches in 52 neighborhoods and selected 52 other neighborhoods to act as a control and collected a series of survey over the next three years. The researchers found that although households in neighborhoods with a new microcredit branch borrowed substantially more and invested more in small businesses than control neighborhoods the impact on poverty were modest. RCTs in [Ethiopia ]http//citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/downloaddoi10.1.1.721.1455ampreprep1amptypepdf [Bosnia ]https//www.nber.org/papers/w18538.pdf[Morocco]https//scholar.google.com/scholarhlenampassdt02C15ampqrctmicrocreditmoroccoampbtnG and other places have consistently found disappointing results. The best empirical evidence suggests that microcredit does not live up to the high hopes of the Grameen Bank nor does it usually result in impoverishment as among many who borrowed from SKS Bank. It is instead a tool in the fight against global poverty that is useful in some circumstances. The development experience with microcredit makes it clear that we can only identify the most effective antipoverty strategies with rigorous analysis. Selected Sources[Grameen Bank Microcredit and Millennium Development Goals Muhammad Yunnus]https//www.jstor.org/stable/4415509[The Creditworthiness of the Poor A Model of the Grameen Bank Michal Kowalik David Martinez Miera]https//www.kansascityfed.org/publicat/reswkpap/pdf/rwp1011.pdf[In credit we trust Building social capital by Grameen Bank in Bangladesh Asif Dowla]https//www.google.com/searchsourcehpampeiRJJsXOTrLu2zgged8KOoCQampqIncreditwetrust3ABuildingsocialcapitalbyGrameenBankinBangladesh2CAsifDowlaampbtnKGoogleSearchampoqIncreditwetrust3ABuildingsocialcapitalbyGrameenBankinBangladesh2CAsifDowlaampgslpsyab.3...543.543..747...0.0..0.184.280.1j1......0....2j1..gwswiz.....0.CPBVggpoVg[Beyond Ending Poverty The Dynamics of Microfinance in Bangladesh World Bank]http//documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/366431468508832455/BeyondendingpovertythedynamicsofmicrofinanceinBangladesh[Rise and Fall of Microfinance in India The Andhra Pradesh Crisis in Perspective Phillip Mader]https//www.researchgate.net/publication/264487807RiseandFallofMicrofinanceinIndiaTheAndhraPradeshCrisisinPerspective[The miracle of microfinance Evidence from a randomized evaluation ]https//economics.mit.edu/files/5993Abhijit Bannerjee Esther Duflo [www.wealthofnationspodcast.com]https//www.wealthofnationspodcast.com/ [http//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/India\BangladeshMicroCredit.mp3]http//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/IndiaBangladeshMicroCredit.mp3. Story of each Rupee. Centre hikes DA by 3 to benefit 1.1 crore employees pensioners india news Hindustan Times. Download AP Annadatha Sukhibhava Scheme Beneficiary List 2019. You can help Save Aravali.: Fellow Redditors The Haryana Government is [planning to amend]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/gurgaon/haryanabillseekstoendprotectiontoaravalisingurugram/articleshow/68000393.cms the Punjab Land Protection Act 1900 in its upcoming Budget Session starting tomorrow 20th February. If the amendment is passed in the Legislative Assembly around [900 hectares]https//realty.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/industry/haryanalikelytoleave900hectaresofaravalifoothillsoutofprotectedarea/67910749 of Aravali foothills in Delhi NCR Gurgaon and Faridabad \ classified as Natural Conservation Zone NCZ will be open to Private Real Estate Ownership. The Supreme Court of India in the past has passed several orders to safeguard the Aravalis and has criticized illegal encroachments in the region. Amending the PLPA will give a post facto approval to the existing encroachments. A few months back thousands of residents [successfully]https//www.hindustantimes.com/gurugram/tosavearavallibiodiversityparknhainowlooksforalternativeroute/story7m1ZTcHlY5NXQY1oObukBI.html protested against the proposal of the [the passage of an NHAI road]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/gurgaon/thousandsgathertoprotestnhaisroadplaninaravalibiodiversitypark/articleshow/66407137.cms through the Aravali Biodiversity Park BDP. Its time once again that we stand united to stop any such activity that benefits the wealthy and powerful real estate developers at the cost of environment. Please raise your voice to Save Aravali. Talk about it on Social Media. You can also sign the Change petition here [Link]https//www.change.org/p/chiefministerofharyanamanoharlalkhattarsavearavaliforestsdontamendplpa Thank you. SaveAravali AravaliBachao . Prime Minister of Pakistan Imran Khan Policy Statement on the Pulwama at.... Imran Khans adress to the Nation on Pulwama Attack.. Resources for welfare. India Surpasses Italy for Worlds Worst SouredLoan Ratio. Jets of Air Force Suryakiran Aerobatic Team Crash In Bengaluru Ahead Of Aero India 2019 Pilot Reportedly Dead. The difference between old and new fifty rupees note. Not sure which one will outlast the other.. Kashmiri dean of Dehradun college suspended after a protesting mob demanded it Report. Two Dehradun colleges have said that they will not admit students from Kashmir starting next academic session.. Inside a Typical Home In Gujarat India.. Murders of Religious Minorities in India Go Unpunished Report Finds. CIC pulls up RBI for nondisclosure of demonetisation records. I Rue The Day We Ever Became Farmers In Rural India A Struggle To Survive. Indian central bank to pay bumper 3.9bn dividend to Narendra Modis government. Open Letter to Imran Khan. Border Security Chinas cultural overtures in Ladakh [June 2018]. CAG report on Airforce Capital acquisitions including Rafale. Cancellations grounding of aircraft leads to spike in Indian airfares. Viewpoint How far might India go to punish Pakistan. Jio tops 4G download speed chart in January Idea fastest in upload speed Trai [Just a few days after Ookla report said Airtel is faster. It seems like Ambani Skynet is controlling everything]. Increase in the Customs Duty for goods originating in or exported from Pakistan is the first evidence that all the past peacekeeping initiatives have been rendered invalidated.: This [update]Central Government is satisfied that the import duty leviable on all goods originating in or exported from the Islamic Republic of Pakistanfalling under the First Schedule to the Customs Tariff Act 1975 51 of 1975 hereinafter referred to as the Customs Tariff Act should be increased and that circumstances exist which render it necessary to take immediate action. All goods originating in or exported from the Islamic Republic of Pakistan 200 basic custom duty with immediate effect... Read More http//vca.tricksntechs.com/articledata/indexid2504 just affirms that Pakistan has lost its Most Favoured Nation status. . India hikes customs duty on goods from Pakistan to 200 after Pulwama terror attack. I lost my Aadhar card. If somebody finds it can they misuse it in any manner: I was giving an exam and I lost it at the exam centre. When I came to my room I couldnt find it anywhere. My friends suggested that I download it from the government site. So should I take any action related to my lost Aadhar card. Help stop take over of Chennai Mass Rapid Transit System by the Chennai Metro Raol Corporation: [removed]. Section 66A bites zombie dust. SC issues fresh directions: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/c1cgoerbovg21.png Highlights Background In March 2015 the Supreme Court by its judgement in Shreya Singhal v. Union of India declared 66A of the Information Technology Act to be unconstitutional because it violated our fundamental right to freedom of speech. However a study conducted by IFF found fresh cases continued to be filed. This meant people were being prosecuted even ending up in jail for a law which does not exist. PUCL goes to court again PUCL one of the original petitioners in the Shreya Singhal Case approached the court highlighting this study. The Court issued notice and asked the Government to respond which finally acted in January 2019 and issued an advisory to all State Governments and asked them for data. For instance Kerala reported 18 cases while most state governments did not respond. Supreme Court protects us again Yesterday February 15 2019 a series of directions were issued by the Court to not only close existing Section 66A cases but also prevent fresh registrations. These included directions for the Shreya Singhal judgement to be sent to all courts in the country to senior administrative officers and director generals of police. Background Previously we explained to you the why Section 66A of the Information Technology Act or what we called the legal zombie was despite being declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of India still being used in courts and police stations across India [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/66azombie/. Section 66A was a criminal offence that permitted the imprisonment of anyone that posted offensive comments on the Internet. It was a vague section that was arbitrarily interpreted. This is why it was struck down. But it seemed to enjoy a halflife with continuing prosecutions and fresh FIRs. Yes just like a zombie. To put a stop to this we collaborated with PUCL which took the research study to court. PUCL is Indias leading human rights organisation and had litigated important victories for the liberties of ordinary Indians like you and me. It was one of the original petitioners in the Shreya Singhal case which lead to Section 66A being declared unconstitutional. Continuing their leadership on this issue they filed application registered as MA 3220/2018 in W.P. Crl. No. 199/2013 filed by PUCL seeking the Honble Supreme Court to provide directions to ensure prosecution under 66A does not persist [Read here for more]https//internetfreedom.in/iffssupportsseekingastopto66acasesrighttomemesection66a/. What happened in court We are happy to let you know in yesterdays hearing on February 15 2019 prayers in this application were largely granted by the Supreme Court. The case was listed in Court Room 6 as Item 52 before the bench of Honble Justices Mr. Rohinton Nariman and Sanjay Kishan Kaul. PUCL was represented by its team of lawyers lead by Mr. Sanjay Parikh supported by Advocates Ramesh Pukhrambam Sanjana Srikumar Apar Gupta and Abhinav Sekhri and the Union of India by the Attorney General K.K. Venugopal and many other lawyers who assisted him. This came after the Ld. Attorney General supported PUCLs plea for the need for greater awareness and sensitisation of courts prosecutors offices and police. Prior to the hearing in a counteraffidavit the Union of India detailed steps it had taken to generate awareness on Section 66A. This included a letter it wrote on 11.01.2019 and then a reminder on 14.01.2019 to various State Governments asking them to furnish data on Section 66A cases and also asking them to close them. Some responded. For instance Kerala stated that there were 19 cases that were filed after Section 66A was held to be unconstitutional and they would be closing all of them. We expect greater compliance as the Honble Supreme Court due to further directions that were issued by it we will link the order when it is uploaded on the SC website. This included sending a copy of the Shreya Singhal judgement to all Courts Prosecutors and Police Departments in India. As we indicated in our study that while ideally Section 66A should be removed by an amendment act of parliament this is a promising outcome and will be a major check on fresh Section 66A FIRs. We are grateful for this outcome which has come through in a nonadversarial manner. Reach out to us if you become aware of any continued prosecution under Section 66A. At the same time we promise to remain vigilant collaborate with other organisations to ensure public victories on fundamental rights. After all legal zombies such as Section 66A have this uncanny tendency to rise from the grave. IFFs role in the proceedings IFF has not only supported research that provides a studied basis to reliefs sought in court but through its executive director appeared in the case and assisted PUCL in management and work execution. As indicated before IFF will continue to engage with courts for public outcomes on digital rights. We will collaborate support and work with other organisations groups and collectives. We continue to urge people to [support PUCL]https//internetfreedom.in/iffssupportsseekingastopto66acasesrighttomemesection66a/www.pucl.org by signing on and becoming its members and making donations to them. Document links Sekhri Abhinav and Gupta Apar Section 66A and Other Legal Zombies October 31 2018. IFF Working Paper No. 2/2018. . Available at SSRN [https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893]https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893 or [http//dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3275893]https//dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3275893 Please also refer to our previous blogposts [announcing the study]https//internetfreedom.in/66azombie/ and then an [update on a change]https//internetfreedom.in/66aandotherlegalzombiesthegovernmentrespondsbutthehorrorcontinues/ in the text of the Information Technology Act. [Web copy]https//docs.google.com/document/d/198ubnzYtvibI3vKbTIPtW7XoRuAOcdIyVF6DWuFoTE/edituspsharing of 3220/2018 for ease of readability. [Join our growing tribe of zombie hunters. Become a IFF member today.]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Centre hikes sugar minimum selling price to Rs 31 per kg. We call on MEITY in our counter comments to withdraw proposed changes to the Intermediary rules. They are unconstitutional and open to legal challenge.:  https//i.redd.it/62i3y8dr6vg21.png Highlights Background The draft Information Technology Intermediary Guidelines Rules 2018 were opened to public consultation. Initial comments from various civil society organisations and industry groups were released to countercomments till February 14 2019. Recall the proposed changes We submit our countercomments to MEITY showing our support for the concerns of Civil society Organisations while contesting the submissions of some corporates and industry bodies that would hurt online privacy and freedom of speech. We will challenge if these changes are made We have clearly stated in our countercomments that we intend to support and explore all legal remedies if these unconstitutional changes come to pass. We will continue to champion the fundamental rights of ordinary Indians who use the internet. Why should you be concerned Do you china style restrictions on the way you can use the Internet Neither do we. The changes proposed to the Intermediary Rules in the guise of safety do just that. Curb your right to freedom of speech and to privacy. Previously we explained to you that these Rules affect you whether you are an individual [click here to read]https//internetfreedom.in/civilsocietyandresearchorganisationsareunanimousproposedchangestointermediaryrulesmustberecalled/ or a startup [click here to read]https//internetfreedom.in/wecallontechstartupstoprotecttheirusersandbusinessespressforarecalloftheproposedchangestointermediaryrulesitrulessaveourprivacyrighttomeme/. These proposed changes were put to a process of consultation that ended yesterday night. In our countercomments we put together the tremendous support shown from Civil Society Organisations highlighting the unconstitutionality of these proposed changes [click here to read our counter comments]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1rxJoEHM1m6IXprXENQyJwxU1cMSZuu6d/viewuspsharing. We stand with these Organisations in the fight for your freedoms as we submit our counter comments to MEITY. However there are always two sides to a coin. A few Industry Groups and companies are in complete support of these Rules. For instance Reliance Jio states that We strongly recommend that the intermediary should enable tracing out of originator of such information on its platform which will help Government agencies identify the originator of such misleading information and hold them accountable in order to maintain cybersecurity. Sounds a little like a neighbouring country Defending our constitutional promises Apar Gupta Executive Director at the Indian Freedom Foundation in an [interview]https//www.nytimes.com/2019/02/14/technology/indiainternetcensorship.html with The New York Times warned This is very similar to what China does to its citizens where it polices their every move and tracks their every post on social media. Throughout this process we have tried to ensure these Rules are recalled. The Rules allow for tracking through the weakening of endtoend encryption it necessitates providing the Government with information at the drop of a hat and also the removal of content on the internet based on still developing automated tools. These changes mean the information you send over applications could be traced by the Government. An intermediary could be required to provide any information about you. Anything you post on the Internet that is considered unlawful could be taken down. These are just a few examples. Fundamental Rights are a constitutional promise to every Indian. But these rules are an affront to our civil liberties. Video Explainers Want to learn more We collaborated with Bisbo a youtube creator to create video explainers in multiple India languages [English]https//youtu.be/TfMEOF3gL6g [Hindi]https//www.youtube.com/watchvMCh835mOt3Iampt224s [Bengali]https//www.youtube.com/watchvDtzvSRQppQA [Gujarati]https//www.youtube.com/watchvHRq5KqRUNs [Punjabi]https//www.youtube.com/watchv8aZvUX4RX7Q more to follow.... Do watch them and send them to your college and family Whatsapp groups The Rules are unconstitutional and violate our fundamental right to privacy and to freedom of speech and expression. But if these Rules were to be passed in their present form you can be assured Internet Freedom Foundation will explore all means to challenge them this includes going to court. Well continue to show our love for the free and open internet so you can show your love on the Internet Read more IFFs Counter Comments to MEITY [PDF]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1rxJoEHM1m6IXprXENQyJwxU1cMSZuu6d/viewuspsharing IFFs Guide to Tech Startups on the IT Rules [PDF]https//docs.google.com/document/d/1Drlhfl17lUhHsqoZFxXp1xlVFCwIqMBFwz0ArUhzw/edituspsharing or [Google Docs]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1xNgFso684t1ECWPl7jn5bcNEzMwmoMG/viewuspsharing. Sheet with extracts comments by digital rights and research organisations [PDF]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1peFYrzfHwa5QoFMUFFtesdmMTdqEuDLi/viewuspsharing or [Google Docs]https//drive.google.com/openid1peFYrzfHwa5QoFMUFFtesdmMTdqEuDLi. [IFFs post on the submission to MEITY. Press reboot on the Intermediary Rules SaveOurPrivacy RightToMeme]https//internetfreedom.in/weurgemeitytopressrebootontheintermediaryrulessaveourprivacyrighttomeme/ Full text of [IFFs submission to MEITY]https//drive.google.com/openid1pDQt1M81spH66kv0CHcUk8P9UDp9oc on the proposed changes to the Intermediary Rules. [Post revealing the proposed changes to the Intermediary Rules with an ]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/[initial analysis]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/ Support IFF IFF works hard to protect your rights. So all of us can use the most innovative technology that makes your life better without harming our fundamental freedoms. Yes we are winning these battles. [Help us Donate right now]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Vashikaran Specialist in Delhi Call 91 9915537976: [removed].  . This is how Pulwama attack is reported in Pakistan.. Heart Touching Poem by a Soldier Pulwamaattack. India vows complete isolation of Pakistan over Kashmir blast which left 44 troops dead. If this doesnt scare you I dont know what will.. For India lt3. Fed up with fly ash India villagers fight back against power plants: [removed]. Narayana Murthy On How India Can Become A 10Trillion Economy amp More. Thank you for loving the free and open internet: Thinking about the last time I got a valentines day letter takes me back to senior school. Around 2002 when the internet was around but still not quite... everywhere. As the years rolled on promises of a digital transformation emerged in sputters. I think I was not alone when I hoped that gigabytes of bandwidth could cure all ills. Fix our lives even larger social problems. Well we are still not quite there. But our lives are not quite the same. In time many of us have grown to not only use but love the free and open internet. But each day it is under threat. Take for instance the Intermediary rules. Any changes to them will impact all of us. Think about the legal rules that govern your ISP Airtel IdeaVodafone Jio or others or large social media platforms Wikipedia Github Facebook Sharechat Youtube Instagram Twitter etc. or even smaller startup online services you use and enjoy for me it is IndianKanoon. Changes proposed to these rules not only massively change your online experience but also threaten your online privacy and free speech. So how can you prevent these changes First get to know about the Intermediary Rules. To make it easier we have collaborated to create a video explainer. Yes please do youtube and chill [English version]https//youtu.be/TfMEOF3gL6g / [Hindi Version]https//youtu.be/MCh835mOt3IE2808B Second tell the government to roll back these proposals. How [Click on this link]https//internetfreedom.in/civilsocietyandresearchorganisationsareunanimousproposedchangestointermediaryrulesmustberecalled/ and follow three simple steps given at the end. These proposed changes illustrate the wider threats to our online freedom. To help win on these battles we need an organised fighting force for our civil liberties. This is where IFF comes in. This week we have rolled out a [membership plan]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ to make you an integral part of our work. The Reddit Community has been a core supporter of our work and we continue to call on you to do more Please do try it out send it to any friends or family to sign up as well. It has a system of recurring donations and different membership tiers. We offer some benefits and promise to remain in constant touch. As always I invite you to explore [our work]https//internetfreedom.in/ and personally value any feedback. We are listening to you and we know you share our love for the free and open internet Apar Executive Director Internet Freedom Foundation. CJI Sacks Two Supreme Court Officials For Tampering With Order in Anil Ambanis Contempt Case. G20 Nations GDP Rankings 2019. Chit Fund Bill govt. breaches Oppn. unity. Prime Time With Ravish Kumar Feb 11 2019 New Report Raises More Questions on Rafale Deal. Reddit Transparency Report 2018 What was removed from Indias view. NDAs Rafale deal is 2.8 percent cheaper than UPA agreement says CAG report. H1N1 in Rajasthan Can the Nipah outbreak in Kerala offer lessons. Afghanistan what price tag do we put on Indias strategic security. A PANIndia Loss RoC Does Not Have The Details Of 95 Per Cent Real Estate Firms Says CAG Report Revenue Hit. The best books on Indias economy discussed by distinguished economist Kaushik Basu. Diversity deficit in IIMs IITs just 23 STs and 157 SCs in 9640 faculty posts. 8 Strong Initiatives by Indian Railways for Better Amenities and Cleanliness: [removed]. NDAs Rafale deal is cheaper than UPA offer says CAG report. US INdia IndiaUS defence sales at all time high Pentagon. Mint District Jobs Tracker Where Indians Work. Mahajhootbandhan On Rafale Exposed By Auditor Report Arun Jaitley. CAG Rafale Report Dassault Didnt Pass On 25 It Saved on Guarantees in New Deal. Chaina turns China Punjab parcel reaches Beijing. Rafale Deal 2.8 Per Cent Cheaper Than What UPA Negotiated Auditor Report. How Modi Weakened Green Laws To Aid Real Estate Lobby. Learning to probe early Why research should be made part of UG curriculum in India ORF. Reddit India help IFF scale up. Join us in our mission: Over the past two months we have been a noisy bunch over at r/India. Making posts every other day about online privacy censorship and net neutrality. As we explained in detail with our [republic day letter]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/ajyuju/arepublicdayletterfromiff/ this is because one of our principal goals is towards community building and organising. Our core belief is that battles on digital rights will only be won with greater public engagement. Over the longer term this will require highquality staff. It will include programme officers who look at movements in policy process. A talented team of product technologists community organisers designers and even mememakers to support and spark public campaigns. A policy technologist with whom IFFs lawyers can talk and understand technology before they craft a constitutional argument. But this will only be possible with funding. The right type. From every day and night internet users like you. At IFF we recognise to ask for money we have to provide a continuing utility. Value through our work engagement and listening to your concerns closely. Forging a meaningful link between IFF and its donors. This is why we have to built a [membership program with recurring donations]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. This model helps us have a predictable flow of funds and focus on our work. More importantly it challenges IFF to meaningfully stay in touch with its individual donors. This is the culture we are creating where our funder profile matches with our work for internet users in India. We invite you to try it out this membership model. Donations start as small as Rs. 100 a month and go up to Rs. 1500. For all members we undertake to send monthly email updates and respond meaningfully. This even includes a quarterly call with IFF leadership for the highest tier of supporters. So please consider a contribution by [clicking here]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. And even if you do not for the moment want to make a financial contribution at present please do consider upvoting this on Reddit or sharing this post on social media. We promise to continue our mission for fighting the tough fights for your digital rights on the internet in policy consultations committee rooms parliament and courts. In gratitude Team IFF. ShutdownIndia shows Modis muchhyped startup initiative is unravelling. Mobile wallet transactions in India increased 40 times in five years says Gulshan Rai. Reliance Groups 201617 report spoke of Rs 300 bn in Rafale JV offsets. Asghar Ali guilty of unauthorised killing of tigress Avni T1 says report. 73 startups that raised capital say they have received 1 or more angel tax notices since the date of inception. Swiss EVoting System Penetration Testing.... Why cant we do this in India: [removed]. We should make our tourism sector better for jobs and foreign currency reserve growth.: Tourism can create a lots of jobs directly and indirectly. Due to its huge size natural beauty rich historical and cultural heritages India attracts millions of foreign tourists each year. However the condition of tourism industry is pathetic in India. If we could solve some of the basic problems India could attract a lot more international tourists. Its a US210 billion industry which supports 42 million jobs. For comparison our IT industry size is US150 billion with 4 million jobs. India receives about 15 million foreign tourists each year while Malaysia and Hong Kong receives 27 millions each. China gets 60 millions and its controlled zones Hong Kong gets 28 mil and Macau 17 mil. So we need to better to attract a lot more foreign tourists. There should be special tourist zones STZ for better investments in infrastructures communication systems and law and order. We need to keep the tourist places safer for the tourists especially for the women tourists. Special security forces for the tourist spots are required. Also they need to use modern security and surveillance systems for better efficiency. The culture of scamming and cheating foreigners need to go. Strict actions were necessary against those cheaters. The services like rented cars restaurants shops etc should be kept under strict vigilance in tourist zones. The security forces should also check the misbehaving tourists too. We dont need assholes to destroy our national heritages and local culture. There are many places in India with amazing tourism possibilities. Developing these regions could attract more tourists. . Piyush Goyal Favours Printing Currency To Finance Deficit. Emerging technologies and Indias nuclear deterrent ORF. This is how electric companies are stopping the growth of solar. FossilFree. Sources Parliamentary Committee on Information Technology has passed a resolution unanimously that they will not meet any Twitter officials until senior members or CEO of the Twitter Global team depose before the Committee. 15 days deadline has been given to Twitter.. Kaushik Basu former Chief Economist of the World Bank discusses the best books on the Indian economy. The Hindu begins an indepth expose of the Rafaele deal and guess who has a half page ad below the article...: [removed]. India needs to organise such public hacking tests on its voting system. Its a powerful measure to identify and then fix any backdoors / loopholes in the system of course it depends entirely on political willingness. Supreme Court refuses to stay 10 reservation for general category. In job markets a higher education degree is often a road to nowhere. The jobs report cant be called a draft it is final once I approve it Mohanan. [HINDI] This was Mr Piyush Goyals Masterplan Jagran Report.. Matdaata matdaata: [removed]. Finance Ministry seeks transfer of Rs 27380 cr from RBI retained towards risks reserves. Something to think about looks like economists of this country have started to understand the problems faced by the middle class.. Cloudtail back on Amazon India. Is it necessary to link PAN with Aadhar if I dont file ITR : I have a PAn but dont have Aadhar . Can my PAN be cancelled if I dont link it with Aadhar https//www.zeebiz.com/personalfinance/newsincometaxpayeralertyourpancardmightbecancelledifyoufailtodothis84926 Here it is written that PAN should be linked with Aadhar . Should I make Aadhar and link it with PAN . Save the Children India Best International NGOs in India Working for Child Betterment. Timing Pulley Manufacturer in South Africa. Global junk food majors get official say in Indias public health policies.. What brexit may bring to india: [removed]. Netflix Amazon Prime Dont Need Our Licence Centre To Delhi High Court. All About Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Mandhan NEWS. Mega silk event to be held in New Delhi tomorrow. Brookfield in Talks With Indias Reliance Industries to Buy Tower Fibre Assets Report. Interstate agri commodity trade on eNAM gets momentum. Celebrating the three year anniversary of TRAIs Net Neutrality Order with action SaveTheInternet:  Processing img tbd5hfe7laf21... Highlights We won On February 8 2016 the TRAI after rounds of consultations and a sustained public campaign in India made the Prohibition of Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services Regulations 2016. This effectively prohibited zero rated services such as Facebooks Free Basics and safeguarded the open and free internet. This was a massive public victory. Positive followup actions Net Neutrality is a bundle of measures which safeguard user choice in their choice of online content. This should not be interfered by internet service providers. Acting on TRAIs recommendations the DOT made license amendments on September 26 2018 which also safeguarded ordinary internet users from technical forms of discrimination such as blocking and slowing down web services. Need for action Some may ask what good are legal protections if they cannot be enforced This is our fear as well. Over the past few months we have been engaging specifically for enforcement of net neutrality protections in India and are committed to exploring a range of actions to make sure they do not exist just on paper. Analysis We won was message that was broadcast far and wide on social media on February 8 2016. Coming after a charged online campaign under the collective of SavetheInternet.in it signalled that public victories are possible. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India TRAI on that day made the Prohibition of Discriminatory Tariffs for Data Services Regulations 2016. These regulations banned zerorated services such as Free Basics which would have distorted the open and free internet and made our internet service providers interfere with our choices for online content. This victory and Indias leadership on this issue has been acknowledged all over the world. This was only possible because of a large collective of volunteers an engaged online community the TRAI so many organisations and individuals who all took leadership on this issue. We thank them all It is also important to see how this regulation has aged over time Emerging consensus Academic studies and analysis acknowledged the harmful effects of zerorated services over time. For instance a recent study analysed in [a post over at EFF]https//www.eff.org/deeplinks/2019/02/countrieszeroratinghavemoreexpensivewirelessbroadbandcountrieswithoutit notes [A comprehensive multiyear study by the nonprofit Epicenter.works]https//en.epicenter.works/document/1522 comparing the 30 member countries of the European Union EU on net neutrality enforcement has found that zero rating business practices by wireless carriers have increased the cost of wireless data compared to countries without zero rating.. Thankfully such services are prohibited in India. Complete net neutrality protections The TRAI Zero Rating Regulation also signalled a principled acknowledgement of net neutrality in law. This has further been cemented by subsequent rounds of consultations and recommendations that have then been acted on by the Department of Telecom by making changes to license agreements. India today is arguably the world leader on comprehensive net neutrality protections in law that prohibit pricing zero rating etc. and technical discrimination blocking throttling etc.. We have much to thank for but we must also now focus on action and enforcement. But what about enforcement While we celebrate let us also temper our optimism. Our victories can only be maintained and enjoyed with positive engagement on net neutrality enforcement. For instance after disturbing reports emerged of network interference by ISPs of proxy and VPN web services we curated an online form which now has close to 150 detailed responses and we are examining a range of advocacy actions. We are hopeful for collaboration on net neutrality advocacy and enforcement. We are open to all thoughts and suggestions on how to undertake effective advocacy actions. If you have any thoughts suggestions comments more importantly want to commit time and help us write to policyinternetfreedom.in. Over next week we will also start proactively reaching out to people on this issue and launching a range of actions. Let us work together and keep winning. Link to important posts Raw spreadsheet of reports violations [link]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676 Tell us if your ISP is blocking any proxy websites or VPNs. We promise to seek remedy. SaveTheInternet SaveOurPrivacy [link]https//internetfreedom.in/tellusifyourispisblockinganyproxyorvpnswepromisetoseekremedysavetheinternetsaveourprivacy/ Another step forward in Indias leadership on NetNeutrality SaveTheInternet [link]https//internetfreedom.in/anotherstepforwardinindiasleadershiponnetneutrality/ . Union budget 2019 Whats in Offer for Farmers. Only 50 of PAN linked to Aadhaar. Raguram Rajan on Freakanomics Radio The rise of strong authoritarian regimes across the world too many strong leaders around if you will for a peaceful world: Latest episode Ep 366 of Freakanomics Podcast featuring Raguram Rajan This Economist Predicted the Last Crisis Whats the Next One Link to the Episode with the Transcript [http//freakonomics.com/podcast/rajan/]http//freakonomics.com/podcast/rajan/ Do not want to leave any spoilers here do check it out ampx200B. Ambulance on bike Delhi government launches unique initiative to provide health services in congested areas. Indias fastpaced economic growth has failed to generate employment opportunities for over 12 million Indians who enter the job market every year.. Need for the Parliamentary Committee on IT to broaden participation and move towards outcomes:  [img]q7x8jmpq84f21 Highlights Context The Parliamentary Committee on IT has recently published a notice for a hearing on Safeguarding citizens data on social/online news media platforms that will be held on February 11 2019. This meeting invites representatives of Government and Twitter. Broaden participation In line with our past representations when hearings were conducted on data breaches privacy and to review the functioning of the UIDAI we are asking for greater public participation. This includes oral depositions by experts academics domain specialists technologists and civil society groups. Move towards outcomes We also indicate the need for the past hearings on these important subjects to lead towards outcomes. The mandate of the Parliamentary Committee on IT is to make recommendations to Parliment and the work and learnings gathered by depositions and submissions may perish if reports are not prepared and tabled before the next elections. Analysis In continuation in continuation of our letters dated May 21 2018 April 21 2018 and April 5 2018 and a formal memoranda and submissions we made on June 01 2018 we continue to engage with the Parliamentary Committee on IT. We have today written to the Chairperson Shri Anurag Singh Thakur and all the Honble Members appreciating the vital role that is played by it in informing the lawmaking process issues of technology and human freedom. [Our letter dated February 7 2019 to the Honble Chairperson and members of the Committee on IT is available here.]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1RBebpOEOriDueBznWxqaIAvzkOOt/viewuspsharing In a digitally connected India the committee has assumed vital importance and held hearings on pressing controversies including net neutrality data protection and privacy data breaches and the Cambridge Analytica scandal and overviewed the functioning of the UIDAI. Its next meeting on February 11 2019 comes after a representation of[ allegations of bias of social media companies]https//www.ndtv.com/indianews/twittersummonedbyparliamentarypanelafterantirightwingaccusation1989447 specifically Twitter. Such hearings need to be broader and involve other platforms as well. But most importantly this hearing is correctly titled as safeguarding citizens and we believe citizens should play a vital role in it. We believe the public academic civil society groups domain experts and specialists are a vital component of this exercise. They need to be permitted the ability to make oral submissions which are right now restricted only to representatives of Government and Twitter. Secondly over the course of the past three years the breadth of issues considered by the committee have been of vital public importance. However any outcomes or recommendations which may form a report has not yet been made. As our board chair Raman Chima has notes on the specific issue of data breaches and the Cambridge Analytica scandal a final outcome of this Committees deliberations on this important topic is also key to ensure that Parliament remains relevant in how it seeks to protect privacy rather than being overtaken by developments pushed by the executive and judicial branches of government. We will continue to engage with the committee as firm believers in public victories which are possible through institutional engagement. Documents Letter dated Feb 07 2019 \[[link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1RBebpOEOriDueBznWxqaIAvzkOOt/viewuspsharing\] Letter dated May 21 2018 [\[link\]]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFelpKOFZmeHFCaUFETlVpZGk0R1ZPZno3ZVNz/view Letter dated April 21 2018 [\[link\]]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFdURhWml3cC1kXy1Remd5dnFUNTY3VUdoa2tN/view Letter dated April 5 2018 [\[link\]]https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B9LKE1DkhtFcUlObWtpNjRUbUhYb2Y4b0JKS2IwVTBYSFNZ/view. So dont stop me now dont stop me Cause Im having a good time having a good time Source Parliament. Towards a Socialist India: [removed]. Key Amazon seller Cloudtail returns in a new avatar. Yu hi dalal nahi kehte... Tech Colonisation: It is only if Indian tech dominates India that it can dominate the world. https//swarajyamag.com/magazine/canindiadefeattechcolonisation. Against Modi govts unemployment woes next door Chinas booming jobs industry. Centre to come up with Ease of Doing AgriBusiness Index. More than 100 people report violations of net neutrality all over India. We need enforcement action. SaveTheInternet: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/w7exgs3hbxe21.png On January 10 2019 following up on reports of network interferences to proxy and VPN websites from Reddit and a story in Quartz India we made an [online reporting form]https//internetfreedom.in/morethan100peoplereportviolationsofnetneutralityalloverindiaweneedenforcementaction/proxy20and20VPN20websites for users to report such instances. A summary of the reports is provided below and a data sheet has also been made available available as we seek further data and request for collaboration from the wider net neutrality community in India as we continue pushing for enforcement. Summary of reports 1. A total of 134 reports have been provided to us from the different cities and states spread across evenly over a 2 week reporting period. These include reports from major metropolitan cities and as well as smaller towns such as Siliguri Udupi and Mindapur. We can reasonably infer this is a pan India problem. 2. The reports primarily arise from users of mobile internet users 64.4. They are concentrated across two telecom operators which also have licenses to provide internet services. These are Reliance Jio with approximately 85 complaints and Airtel with 41 complaints. Other telcos and ISPs which also find mention are ACT Fibernet BSNL Vodafone and Hathway. 3. The reports on blocking of proxy and VPNs are concentrated for Jio. These include detailed statements which go beyond the blocking of pornographic websites or domains which may be blocked by interim injunctions by orders of courts. Most reports on Airtel conflate the blocking of pornographic websites but also state that it is blocking the Telegram domain different from the usage of the app or its download through an App store. A version of the form which redacts the personal details of the respondents is [available here]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676. Preliminary Inferences 1. Users are generally not aware of the reasons for network interference with websites and internet services in India. There are no clear statements or information available on the reason which may emerge from any legal order that is made available to them. They also are left wondering if this fault may be caused due to a technical error or may have commercial or regulatory interest attached to it. Further there lacks any institutional process to gather or request such information in a standardised manner. 2. There is a lack of any data gathering or reporting mechanism available for complaints about blocking and throttling. Hence in the absence of any such system users are left to correspond with the consumer helplines of telecom operators which lack the technical ability and the incentive to address issues of systemic network interference. It is not publicly known whether such monitoring even takes place by the Department of Telecom or by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India. We need enforcement to SaveTheInternet The extent of the complaints and our analysis indicates the need to press demands for the enforcement of Indias net neutrality protections. We call on academics activists technologists civil society groups network engineers and those from the wider net neutrality community to help us collaborate with data and then press for enforcement. Please do write to us we would like to share your experience and work on net neutrality engagement since the regulations were made share our learnings and data and discuss policy and enforcement actions in the true spirit of collaboration. Link to important posts Raw spreadsheet of reports violations [link]https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1O5ToesR8HCcH6bmPs7s5jN6YlYw4t4lovCpmY7xyc/editgid1822363676 Tell us if your ISP is blocking any proxy websites or VPNs. We promise to seek remedy. SaveTheInternet SaveOurPrivacy [link]https//internetfreedom.in/tellusifyourispisblockinganyproxyorvpnswepromisetoseekremedysavetheinternetsaveourprivacy/ Another step forward in Indias leadership on NetNeutrality SaveTheInternet [link]https//internetfreedom.in/anotherstepforwardinindiasleadershiponnetneutrality/. Indian Railways creates record More LHB coaches made in last 2 years than in 17 years since introduction. TOP SECRET MHA Refuses to reveal total number of snooping requests: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/bldfh1q7tve21.png On 20th December 2018 the Cyber and Information Security Division of the Ministry of Home Affairs MHA issued an order which authorises ten security and intelligence agencies to intercept monitor and decrypt any information generated transmitted received or stored in any computer resource. We called to attention the risks this poses to our online privacy saying that it enables surveillance without any transparency or oversight. It lacks any meaningful safeguards. These arguments are at the centre of the [case filed by IFF ]https//internetfreedom.in/supremecourtissuesnoticeoniffspetitionforsurvelliancereformsaveourprivacy/which is challenging the legality of the digital surveillance system before the Supreme Court of India. In order to get to the bottom of this order and do something about it IFF filed six RTIs seeking answers to the following rather basic questions 1. How many times has the government used its powers for an interception 2. How many agencies have been authorized to intercept monitor or decrypt data 3. The names and the directions provided to the abovementioned agencies. 4. Date time and duration of meetings conducted by the Review Committee. 5. How many times has the government received requests from different agencies seeking interception Number of requests deniedNumber of requests approved 6. How many times has an order been issued to prevent any offence which affects the sovereignty integrity defence or security of the state Number of times order issued to investigate into an offence According to us these are very reasonable queries. They can help us understand how surveillance works in India. How much does the state tap our smartphones How many times does it ask for our personal data from online companies Such disclosure can suggest broad operational trends and the implementation of safeguards. Such aggregate data would in no way impact national security. Well to our disappointment all six RTIs were rejected. The grounds cited are sections 81a 81g and 81h of the RTI Act 2005 on the grounds that Disclosure of information related to lawful interception/phone tapping/monitor or decrypt is exempted. This basically means that the government is unwilling to tell us who has access to all our private data and why they have access to it. If anything this reply confirmed was the complete secrecy and lack of oversight in digital surveillance by the Government of our personal data. Next steps We will be filing an appeal against this denial and pursuing these RTIs to their logical conclusion. We would also like to indicate that RTI Activist Mr. Venkatesh Nayak Coordinator Access to Information Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative has filed similar RTIs and received a similar rejection. He has recently penned a legal analysis on it [at the Leaflet]https//theleaflet.in/computersinterceptedtransparencyinterruptedmhascpiorefusesinformationaboutdecember2018authorisationorderundertheitact. Link to documents 1. RTIs filed with the Ministry of Home Affairs on 28.11.2018 [link]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1TNGVn9nxyQrSZ6T7Dotfn09sm1oTmCA/viewuspsharing 2. Denial by the Ministry of Home Affairs on 29.01.2019 [link]https//drive.google.com/openid1dh3z9dc8Ux72pjznrj8f3Ad4lVYgVC This post is authored by Tanvi Vipra is an intern at IFF. The RTIs were drafted and filed by Sai Vinod Advocate.. Interview Men and women report similar levels of workplace bias in Indias engineering sector. Small sellers calling it quits on Amazon.. Citizenship circus Northeast in crisis again. Five years on Indias new education policy still a work in progress. TRAIs new cable DTH rules TV bills will go up for most users says CRISIL report Technology News The Indian Express. Rotomac Fraud Scam. Crypto Can Sway Indian Rupee Govt Worried. Indian Railways wont have jamadars or chowkidars anymore and its a welcome move. Population Explosion: [removed]. Population Explosion: [removed]. Interim Budget 2019 Major Highlight and Concerns With Budget Details: [removed]. Entire Aravalli area is devastated rues annoyed Supreme Court: Entire Aravalli area is devastated rues annoyed Supreme Court https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/otherstates/entirearavalliareaisdevastatedruesannoyedsupremecourt/article26178955.ece. The Indian government is worried that cryptocurrencies may destabilise the rupee. Britains dirty secret the burning tyres choking India George Monbiot Opinion. Change my view The new eCommerce bill passed by the government protects inefficient local businesses will reduce foreign investment into india and the growth of the eCommerce industry is thinly veiled votemongering and will hurt the indian economy and citizens in the long term: Further reading https//www.financialexpress.com/industry/aregulatedindiaforflipkartamazonhereswhatdraftpolicymeansfor125billionecommercemarket/1398362/ https//m.dailyhunt.in/news/india/english/inc42epaperinc/draftindianecommercebillfavouringdomesticplayersatthecostoftheecosystemnewsid95145397 https//www.livemint.com/Industry/DjRaxows878f4ZP22TxiaP/WhatdraftecommercepolicymeansforIndiasretailsector.html. The new eCommerce bill passed by the government protects inefficient local businesses will reduce foreign investments into india and the growth of the eCommerce industry is thinly veiled votemongering and will hurt the indian economy and customers in the long term: More reading https//www.financialexpress.com/industry/aregulatedindiaforflipkartamazonhereswhatdraftpolicymeansfor125billionecommercemarket/1398362/ https//m.dailyhunt.in/news/india/english/inc42epaperinc/draftindianecommercebillfavouringdomesticplayersatthecostoftheecosystemnewsid95145397 https//www.livemint.com/Industry/DjRaxows878f4ZP22TxiaP/WhatdraftecommercepolicymeansforIndiasretailsector.html. Change my view The new eCommerce bill passed by the government is bad for the indian economy and consumers in the pong term protects inefficient local businesses will reduce foreign investments into india and the growth of the eCommerce sector. It is thinly veiled votemongering: [removed]. Capsella bursapastoris seeds: [removed]. What are your thoughts on Indias economy growth: I think India is growing fast but I dont know if living are improving for low income family. I think that needed for india to be considered a superpower ampx200B This video discusses some good points but isnt poverty a big problem still [https//youtu.be/eSkW9XMLkq8]https//youtu.be/eSkW9XMLkq8. 50 Indias workingage population out of labour force says report. Indias bruised ecommerce market is still a retail sweet spot. URGENT Amount not credited to account but phonepe reports successful.: I routinely transfer funds between my hdfc and sbi accounts using phonepe. Few days ago I did the same albeit a large sum. Transaction status was pending on phonpe app but amount got debited from hdfc bank. I waited for 3 days. Now phonepe reports transaction as successful but amount did not get credited to sbi acccount nor did it get reversed. Phone pe support says transaction reported successful from our end you have to deal with banks WTF . A third of Himalayan ice cap doomed finds shocking report. Rising Temperatures Could Melt Most Himalayan Glaciers by 2100 Report Finds. Union Budget 2019 Highlights no tax on income till Rs 5 lakh Rs 6000 income for farmers: [removed]. Do you realise which story is now buried under the Bengal firestorm The unemployment report.: Think about it. Which was the biggest story before the CBI decided to descend upon the CP No ones talking about it for now. Maybe we can hope that after the dust settles a bit itll pick up again. But I dont know. There is also the aspect that maybe the govt. knew that this is what would happen and they planned this. Im avoiding conspiratorial thinking but it is something that will inevitibly come up. We know it wouldnt be beyond them and that govts. do this stuf all the time. I am literally praying the opposition and the media doesnt forget about it.. Do you realise which story is now buried under the Bengal firestorm The unemployment report.: First of all I know this is conspiratorial. This is just me spitballing here. But think about it. What was the biggest story before CBI did this The NSSO report Now there wont be any discussions on it and there wont be any digging on it. Its buried. Gone. Done with. The govt. knew that sending the CBI to do such a thing would provoke a strong reaction from the opposition. They knew this would happen they knew the jobs report would get buried. I am literally praying the opposition and the media does not forget about that report.. Now All Employees Calculating Income Tax Like This. Top takeaways for the Budget 2019 One liner summary. US fake university sting angers India. Kerala suffers worst unemployment among major states in the country. Underworld Don Ravi Pujari Arrested In Senegal Reports. I was about to report spam and then saw the last line.. Manufacturing PMI rises to 53.9 in January. Why very few people pay tax in India: In Australia with a population of 25m approximately 12m people pay taxes where as in India with population of 130crore only approximately 1.5crore pay taxes. Why our tax cover is so low Is it due to vote bank politics or we have failed as economists . Is Indias growth inclusive: India has experienced high growth rate for more than two decades but still we are unable to lift out people from poverty as we expected. Unemployment rate is high too. Similar to India China grew for the past 3 decades though better than India but had been able to lift out 500 million people out of poverty reduced illiteracy to a great extent and provided many jobs. Do you think that Indias growth is not inclusive Growth is not trickling down as jobs and the poor are not much benefited from the countries overall development. What are your views on this. GST mopup rises to 1.02 lakh crore in January. Given such great Income Tax Relieves where will the money come from: Hi as good as yesterdays budget offerings sound and as happy as the public is I just genuinely want to know how will the government get all the money that Mr Goel proudly announced will have to be borne by the government Please dont even dare to make it political because everyone knows this is a 100 poll oriented budget but whatever it is how will the govt compensate for this. India ramps up spending on coal exploration as it slashes funds for mine safety. Humne Kamartod inflation ki kamar tod di says FM Piyush Goyal. Why Universal Basic Income is Fraught with Serious Problems. Algorithmic trading strategies: [removed]. Highlights Of Budget 2019 SlickAccount Blog. India Begins Trade Through Irans Chabahar Port Afghanistan to Soon Follow Suit. Amazon Users in India Will Get Less Choice and Pay More Under New Selling Rules. RCom files for bankruptcy. Changes to Information Act might force websites like Wikipedia Github Reddit and more to Blacklist india: First of all i am not sure of what is happening and i have just read from these two articles ampx200B [https//scroll.in/article/910601/thepurdahamendmentproposedchangestotheitactcoulddrawaveilovertheindianinternet]https//scroll.in/article/910601/thepurdahamendmentproposedchangestotheitactcoulddrawaveilovertheindianinternet [https//scroll.in/article/910463/whythemodigovernmentsproposedchangestoitactposeaseriousthreattoopeninternetinindia]https//scroll.in/article/910463/whythemodigovernmentsproposedchangestoitactposeaseriousthreattoopeninternetinindia ampx200B According to the article the government is proposing changes to the Information Act which will require companies with more than 50 lakh users in India to incorporate in India. ampx200B So either the companies incorporate or just block Indian users which means no Wikipedia Github StackOverflow and no more reddit Or am i missing something ampx200B. Changes to Information Act might force websites like Wikipedia Github Reddit and more to Blacklist india: [removed]. No the govt has NOT exempted tax up to Rs 5 lakh income no change in tax slabs. Corruption Is Still Thriving In Modis India. Trend of Major items of the expenditure during budget. Where does the rupee come from where does the rupee go. Budget 2019 assures income support to small marginal farmers. Budget 2019 One lakh villages to go digital next 5 years. Is their maths weak or my understanding of some deep meaning has failed. ICAR ICRISAT sign MoA finalise 5year action plan. Highlights of Interim Budget 201920:  Tax 1. Within 2 years Tax assessment will be done electronically. 2. IT returns processing in just 24 hours. 3. Minimum 14 revenue of GST to states by Central Govt. 4. Custom duty has abolished from 36 Capital Goods. 5. Recommendations to GST council for reducing GST rates for home buyers. 6. Full Tax rebate upto 5 lakh annual income after all deductions. 7. Standard deduction has increase from 40000 to 50000. 8. Exempt on tax on second selfoccupied house. 9. Ceiling Limit of TDS u/s 194A has increased from 10000 to 40000. 10. Ceiling Limit of TDS u/s 194I has increased from 180000 to 240000. 11. Capital tax Benefit u/s 54 has increased from investment in one residential house to two residential houses. 12. Benefit u/s 80IB has increased to one more year i.e. 2020. 13. Benefit has given to unsold inventory has increased to one year to two years. Other Areas 14. State share has increased to 42. 15. PCA restriction has abolished from 3 major banks. 16. 2 lakhs seats will increase for the reservation of 10. 17. 60000 crores for Manrega. 18. 1.7 Lakh crore to ensure food for all. 19. 22nd AIIMS has to be opened in Haryana. 20. Approval has to be given to PM Kisan Yojana. 21. Rs. 6000 per annum has to be given to every farmer having upto 2hectare land. Applicable from Sept 2018. The amount will be transferred in 3 installments. 22. National Kamdhenu Ayog for cows. Rs. 750 crores for National Gokul Mission. 23. 2 interest subvention for farmers pursuing animal husbandry and also create a separate department for fisheries. 24. 2 interest subvention for farmers affected by natural calamities and additional 3 interest subvention for timely payment. 25. Taxfree Gratuity limit increase to 20 Lakhs from 10 Lakhs. 26. The bonus will be applicable for workers earning 21000 monthly. 27. The scheme called Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Mandhan will provide assured monthly pension of Rs. 3000 with contribution of Rs. 100 per month for workers in the unorganized sector after 60 years of age. 28. Our government delivered 6 crores free LPG connections under Ujjawala scheme. 29. 2 interest relief for MSME GST registered person. 30. 26 weeks of Maternity Leaves to empower the women. 31. More than 3 Lakhs crores for Defence. 32. One lakh digital villages in next 5 years. 33. Single window for approval of India filmmakers.. Budget gives Income Tax relief but theres a catch No change in slabs. RBI removes Bank of India Bank of Maharashtra Oriental Bank of Commerce from PCA framework. No Country For Miners The Death of Miners in Indias Banned RatHole Mines: [removed]. One of the few things I credit this Government. Full Tax Rebate On Annual Income Up To Rs. 5 Lakh: [removed]. While bugdet 2019 presented in lok shabha: [removed]. NSSO data being disowned by Govt itself. We urge MEITY to press reboot on the Intermediary Rules SaveOurPrivacy RightToMeme: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/2sgunizszwd21.png ampx200B Remember our post on the secret meeting to the change the IT Rules Well after it was no longer a secret due to an Indian Express report the Government went ahead and announced a public consultation. Yesterday we sent in our comments to them. Read on for the details. These proposed changes can drastically increase online censorship and hurt your privacy. Highlights A private meeting with a proposal to threaten our fundamental rights On December 24 2018 the Indian Express [reported]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/itactamendmentsdataprivacyfreedomofspeechfbtwitter5506572/ that in a private meeting with a few social media companies and industry representatives the Ministry of Electronics and IT MEITY proposed disturbing changes to an online law that would result in grave censorship and surveillance for Indians. We that very day published the [full text of these proposed changes]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/ with an influential analysis that guided public debate. A public consultation Shortly after it MEITY announced a [public consultation]http//meity.gov.in/content/commentssuggestionsinviteddraftE2809Cinformationtechnologyintermediaryguidelines on the proposed changes. These were proposals to make changes to the liability exemptions for online platform or service provider. An intermediary is any service providers which transmits hosts and publishes user content. So it can be your ISP email provider social media platform or any webservice which allows you to post upload and publish. These platforms because of their technical ability to connect us to others host our data publish it help us realise our freedom of speech they mediate our online experience impact our privacy and hold great power. Recall these proposed changes start afresh Yesterday we sent [our submission to MIETY]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1pDQt1M81spH66kv0CHcUk8P9UDp9oc/viewuspsharing noting the problems with the proposed changes. Our clear demand is that instant consultation with the proposed changes needs to be withdrawn. We fear this exercise is expending energy and resources on the basis of draft legal rules that lack any clear rationale that has been articulated by MEITY. The proposals themselves are substantively harmful to our fundamental rights as we explain in our submissions are unconstitutional. We instead advocate for a fresh exercise with a white paper to update our legal rules. IFF believes that our government should protect people rather than merely seeking greater powers over a few dominant online platforms. Analysis This has to be the most peculiar public consultation we have participated till now. Usually public consultation exercises are done with an approach paper or first trying to understand what specific harms benefits or policy objectives we are trying to fulfil. Only after that is done some legal provisions are identified for change or introduction. This is not the case with the consultation on the proposed changes to the Information Technology Intermediary Guidelines Rules 2011 the IT Rules. On December 24 2018 the Indian Express [put out a report]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/itactamendmentsdataprivacyfreedomofspeechfbtwitter5506572/ that revealed some proposed changes were put in a private meeting to a select number of social media platforms and industry bodies. The same morning [we published the full text of these proposed changes]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/. We noted problems early on with these proposed changes on grounds of privacy and free expression giving feedback rule by rule. This was widely covered by the press and became a major news story [coming shortly after the MHA notification]https//internetfreedom.in/theministryofhomeaffairsdelegatessnoopingdecryptionhackingpowersabrogatesresponsibilityandundermineprivacy/. Later in the evening that very day MIETY [announced a public consultation]http//meity.gov.in/content/commentssuggestionsinviteddraftE2809Cinformationtechnologyintermediaryguidelines on the same rules. This was without any approach paper or explaining the rationale of the suggested changes. We found this to be not only strange but also harmful to public confidence as internet users who will face the impact of these changes the most were deprioritised where feedback was first sought from large private online platforms. We object to the substance of these proposed changes which result in undermining our fundamental rights by turning online private intermediaries into policing agencies by breaking encryption empowering the government to gather more personal data using risky automated filtering and sending monthly reminders to behave ourselves. We clearly put across our demand to recall these proposed changes and end this consultation. It is not going to lead to any meaningful change or addressing the range of harms which today require a balanced policy conversation which should then move towards legal changes. This is drawing scarce resources and time in a critical year for our digital freedoms. We need to seriously address issues of online content censorship privacy discrimination and due process. The present approach both in process and substance is misguided and even harmful. [Our full submission to MEITY can be found here]https//drive.google.com/openid1pDQt1M81spH66kv0CHcUk8P9UDp9oc. Read them We try really hard to write them in simple nonlawyerly or policy English. What can Redditors do This consultation is not over yet. Next step Countercomments. What does it mean 1 Comments are [published by GoI\MeitY by Feb. 4]http//meity.gov.in/content/commentssuggestionsinviteddraftE2809Cinformationtechnologyintermediaryguidelines 2 Responses to these comments by Feb. 14 Oh yes we get to celebrate valentines day by showing more love to free speech and privacy In the counter comments period you can agree elaborate discuss and disagree on the existing submissions like the one made by us. We really hope you send in comments and refer to our work It is important to have a diversity of voices there that leads to rulemaking. How do you participate Send an email to gccyberlaw\[at\]meity\[dot\]gov\[dot\]in pkumar\[at\]meity\[dot\]gov\[dot\]in dhawal\[at\]gov\[dot\]in after Feb. 4. Dont worry we will remind you again ampx200B. Rs 6000 Direct Cash Transfer For Small Farmers Minister Piyush Goyal. Budget 20192020 PDF. Budget2019 The Finance Minister Piyush Goyal announces Income Tax exemption limit raised to 5 lakh. Cheer for middleincome taxpayers. Unorganised Sector social security coverage for old age in addition to health amp bima yojnas a Mega Pension scheme announced. Rs 3000 pension after 60 years.. Interim Budget 201920 Modi govt announces Kamdhenu Yojana for cows. Budget 2019 Highlights and News Live Proposal no tax on income up to 5 lakhs. Income Tax Slab raised to 5 Lakhs.: People earning upto 6.5Lakhs dont have to pay tax on specific investments. BUDGET LIVE No tax on income of up to Rs 5 lakh Goyal announces. India brightest spot in the word GDP growth fastest in last 5 yrs Piyush Goyal Times of India. NDA2s Final Budget. A little budget limerick from Moneycontrol: The government has a thing called the Budget And it tries its best to fudge it. It hires some cooks to fiddle with the books But the deficit they cant seem to budge it.. This is half positive for the country Swarajya editor trolled for discovering nuance in record no of jobless. Unemployment data based on draft report NITI Aayog. Think tank debunks media report of joblessness at 45year high.. Indian jobless rate at multidecade high report says in blow to Modi. With the recent Oxfam India Inequality report amp Congress Minimum Income Guarantee announcement why arent we discussing AOCs 70 marginal tax in India already: [removed]. With the recent Oxfam India Inequality report amp Congress Minimum Income Guarantee announcement why arent we discussing AOCs 70 marginal tax in India already: [removed]. Protectionism crony capitalism and blatant suppression of economic freedoms. Its just how we roll.. India job data spells trouble for Modi. GDP growth rate for 201718 revised upwards to 7.2. Kerala Budget 20192020 highlights Kerala to promote electric vehicles declare state hunger free. Indias unemployment rate hit 45year high in 2017/18 report. Indias unemployment rate hit 45year high in 2017/18 report. Whats the point of GST if this allowed. Unemployment highest in 45 years report says. What Arnabs channel is focusing on right now.. India likely to surpass UK in worlds largest economy rankings Report. Has NDAs tax obsession borne fruit. MCA likely to probe allegations against Dewan Housing. Indias unemployment rate hit 45year high in 2017/18 report. Good news TCS campus hiring has jumped 50 per cent over last year reports Times of India M J Akbar. Unemployment Rate Highest In 45 Years Reveals Stalled Report 10 Points. Unemployment Rate Highest In 45 Years Reveals Stalled Report. Afghanistan sends the first shipment to India through Irans Chabahar Port. Afghanistan now no more dependent on Pakistan that denied its skies for DelhiKabul trade . Namami Gange Project Thought: Can we talk about Ganga Cleanup project. [https//www.reuters.com/article/indiaganges/exclusiveindiasgangescleanupinashamblesmodiintervenesidUSKBN1780ZC]https//www.reuters.com/article/indiaganges/exclusiveindiasgangescleanupinashamblesmodiintervenesidUSKBN1780ZC ampx200B \ Why isnt government enforcing bans on dumping waste by tanneries \ Why isnt the allocated funding not been used Can anyone tell me what happens to such unused allocated budgets Or this is just for publicity \ Patna chokes the Ganga with urban sewage industrial waste sand and brick dust Cant Municipalities dump this waste after treatment. I understand that you need plants for treatment but rather than making it a central governments responsibility Cant it be enforced at city/town/village level somehow . Universal Basic Income For all: [removed]. DHFL share falls 9.73 amid Rs 31000crore fraud allegations by Cobrapost. Stooping Low For Political Gain 5 Quotes From Manohar Parrikar Letter To Rahul Gandhi. Dont rub your eyes This is Indian Railways Mathura Junction station after its beautiful makeover see pics. SURVEY ON THE IMPACT OF GST ON THE INDIAN ECONOMY.: [removed]. Mints Macro Tracker 16 indicators that tell you about the state of the economy. India ranks 78/175 among least corrupt nations: India is not as corrupt as one imagines it is solidly in the middle of the pack which is not bad for a country of 1.31.4 billion people and massive poverty. ampx200B gtIndia is the 78 least corrupt nation out of 175 countries according to the 2018 Corruption Perceptions Index reported by Transparency International. Corruption Rank in India averaged 75.67 from 1995 until 2018 reaching an all time high of 95 in 2011 and a record low of 35 in 1995. gt gtsource [https//tradingeconomics.com/india/corruptionrank]https//tradingeconomics.com/india/corruptionrank ampx200B. Why India should not treat cryptocurrencies like Ola and Uber. UP Cabinet holds meeting at Kumbh. LIC pours smile on the face of Kumbh visitors. All members of National Statistical Commission resign after Centre failed to publish jobs report. Government trying to suppress official report showing demonetisation job loss: [Govt sits on postnotebank job loss report two top statistics panel members quit]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/govtsitsonpostnotebanjobsreporttwotopstatisticspanelmembersquit5560384/. With the recent Oxfam India Inequality report amp Congress Minimum Income Guarantee annoucement why arent we discussing AOCs 70 marginal tax in India already: [Oxfam Report]https//scroll.in/latest/910224/oxfaminequalityreportindiasrichest1grewby39in2018bottomhalfby3 [Minimum Income Guarantee]https//www.bloombergquint.com/business/congressbeatsbjptoincomeguaranteeplanbutleavesmathtomanifesto [AOCs 70 Marginal Tax Rate]https//nowthisnews.com/videos/politics/alexandriaocasiocortezs70marginaltaxrateisntthatradical Ask me it \[AOCs tax plan\] only makes sense. Its not like Ambedkar didnt warn us about this divide. Govt sits on postnoteban jobs report two top statistics panel members quit : [Government trying to suppress official report indicating demonetisation job loss]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/govtsitsonpostnotebanjobsreporttwotopstatisticspanelmembersquit5560384/. Government moves to clip Sebis wings. With the recent Oxfam Inequality India report amp INCs MIG annoucement why arent we discussing AOCs 70 marginal tax in India already: [removed]. India and the Global Fight for LGBT Rights. National Statistical Commission Members Quit After Govt Refuses To Release Jobs Report. Delhis Amazing Lake Revival Ground Report by Dhruv Rathee. UN reports state 50 million tonnes of ewaste is produced each year. Snapshot of poverty in India. DHFL shares tank 8 as media report hints at Rs 31000crore scam. Cobrapost expose claims to have exposed Indias biggest financial scam. DHFL promoters siphoned off 31000 Crore of public money.. Jio blocks and unblocks VPNs with or without the consent of governemnt. Should Bollywoods monopoly of North India be broken up: I think that Bollywoods monopoly of North Indian cinema is unhealthy and the solution is to restrict Bollywoods access into markets outside of Mumbai and Delhi metro area maybe in the form of a higher taxation and actively promote the regional film industries like in the South. My reasons for doing so is such 1. When there are more film industries the number of artists videographers dance choreographers etc will also multiply in number. More people get jobs and wealth wont just center around a few people who are calling all the shots in the industry at the moment. 2. There will certainly be more diversity in the kind of films that are produced. Places like UP and Bihar dont have the same taste in film as people who live in Mumbai or Delhi. 3. One problem with Bollywood is that it doesnt relate to the average person living in the Hindi belt. This addresses that particular problem. Points 4 amp 5 elaborates more on this. 4. Once films become more regional they will get worse in quality but people shouldnt be concerned about that. In the case of South India people have often criticized that the movies have dumbed down over the decades meaning that last time the films were more classy with complex storylines but now theyre more violent with simple storylines. What they forget is that last time it was only the educated upper caste/class who had money to go to the cinema and watch movies. Now almost every man in South India could purchase a movie ticket and so a massive democratization process has happened. 5. Regional govts and locals can use these regional films to understand their societies better. When violence is portrayed in a South Indian movie thats exactly how the gangsters in the South behave so theres a lot of truth in these movies. But in Bollywood you have fights between lightskinned actors with full makeup on and nice clothes and the scene is somewhere in Europe. Another example rape thats portrayed in Southern movies looks as heinous as how it happens in real life. Can Bollywood dare to show it in that level of brutality They cant because otherwise the urban middleclass of Mumbai and Delhi wont buy the tickets. Theyll powder it up and as a result the truth doesnt get exposed. . Cryptocurrencies in India legal regulation in final stages reveals RTI query. SURVEY ON THE IMPACT OF GST ON THE INDIAN ECONOMY. Indian households debt doubles in FY1718 What are we borrowing for and how much. PM Economic Advisory Panel Cautions Govt Against Deviating From Fiscal Consolidation The statement has come amid speculations that the government may announce packages for farmers and poor and sops for middle class in the budget ahead of general polls.. The Coalgate Scam Overview of Scam that Shook India. Government Reforms Pay Off Shipping Jobs For Indian Seafarers Increase By 42 Per Cent In Just Four Years. Declare unemployment national disaster says youth collective [Economy]. By Vishnu one of my children broke out of the chains again. Anybody know where I can buy some good ass whips and collars: Yet again those little shits broke out I mean come on I give them a single rice every day a bed made of rocks and a blanket made from the skin of that fucking thief kid next door and this is how they thank me Ungrateful asf. . New TRAI regulation for Cable and DTH Airtel Sucks: Did anyone succeed in switching over to the a la carte channel list on Airtel after the new TRAI regulation They seem to be either a bunch of thieves or the people who work there are seriously incompetent. Possibly the most pathetic company in the country Im disgusted at how much theyre able to get away with. Shameless people About a week ago I realized that their channel selection page timed out every five minutes and raised a complaint. They took several days to fix the issue. Tried doing it again today the experience is seriously broken. In fact it is absolutely impossible for someone to complete the process without losing it. They seem to have put something in place just for compliance and are hell bent on swindling the people. Not sure how TRAI lets them get away with this. [Twitter thread]https//twitter.com/GajaBuja/status/1089556780672110592 with all details. Not sure what would wake these people up and make them empathetic to customers. If there was one guy in the whole company who had an Airtel TV connection and tried doing this theyd have not put in place such a broken implementation. ampx200B. Was the jan dhan yojana a part of the causes of NPA crisis: Okay so hows this for a hypothesis government of India started Jan Dhan Yojana so that more and more people could get connected to the banking system and be a part of the formal economy. Along with them these many peoples brought upon their many many tiny fortunes flooding the banks with massive amount of money. And with this money banks did what they do best. Shell out loans left and right to anybody who asks for a one. Some time went by and some scandalous stuff happened and then someone raised the alarm that the loans they were dishing out were probably not going to come back. And thus we had on our hands a NPA crisis. People of r/India how is this for a hypothesis and what are some arguments in favour and opposition of what I hypothesize.. It was not 1 rupee 1 dollar in 1947.. Delhis Amazing Lake Revival Ground Report by Dhruv Rathee. Modis Record Debt Sales Before Polls to Pressure Indian Bonds. ModiPhobia. Atal Pension Scheme. Please help me by signing this Petition Make 40 hours week policy compulsory for all Indian companies. Facebook plans to integrate WhatsApp Instagram and Messenger chats Report. OPINION The SC ruling that a blind or a deaf person cant be a judge goes against the Constitutions spirit. Subhash Chandra apologizes as Zee Group shares crash on media report of money laundering postdemo. Why Zee Group Stocks Tumbled. Pink economy out of the closet. WEF 2019 Raghuram Rajan says Indian economy may slow down if a coalition govt is formed. Country where you well feel rich in 1 rupee.. WEF 2019 Raghuram Rajan says Indian economy may slow down if a coalition govt is formed. Alarming Level Of Heavy Metals In Delhi Gurgaon Air Report. Why do farmers get such a raw deal : I have been hearing this for god knows how long that farmers selling their produce at extremely low prices. Sometimes they say disposing them off is cheaper then taking the market price. We all hear horror stories about onions and what not going for Re1/Kg or even less. I mean damn wth happened Whereas I am paying shitloads to buy the same stuff. Its like the price got inflated y 1000 in between. I mean what fck happened in between. Did God himself took a dump on the whole produce and made it more wholesome before it reached the market Even transportinggstsgstcgstswachmootloot cess and n numbers of middlemen cannot inflate the price this much. What is going on Id really like a detailed answer. Preferably someone who deals in this industry.. Goa has a traffic sentinel scheme where you take pics and report traffic violation. See how people justified the violence on a traffic sentinel. Buying a car over Rs 10 lakh Be prepared to pay more taxes This is ridiculous. Seriously now we have to pay GST for tax as well How much more is the government gonna fleece the customers. Already we are paying hefty taxes and drive vehicles on shit roads. Something needs to be done about this. The secret world of gigolos I flatly refuse women who want to sleep with me but not pay me. By Women from all walks of life and from several cities are paying for sex reports Reena Martins. The secret world of gigolos I flatly refuse women who want to sleep with me but not pay me. By Women from all walks of life and from several cities are paying for sex reports Reena Martins Some names have been changed to protect identities.. Joining the India story Rise of the Muslim middle. Chinas official media advocates mature and progressive ties with India. India Wants To Use Flesh Eating Turtles To Rid The Ganges Of Decomposing Bodies Vice HBO. Why Having More Women in the Workforce Is Good for the Economy. Indians Are Worse Off Under Modi. A New Drug Policy Approach Can Alleviate Poverty in Rural India. Starting July 1 Delhi schools to have Constitution classes. Telling Numbers Nine Indians own as much as half the country. Super star firms give for free but will it continue asks Rajan [Economy]. How new TRAI rules will change your Airtel DTH Tata Sky Dish TV plans in 2019. List of all charges. Friends Lodha victims show me some love amp appreciation. India to become bigger than China eventually Raghuram Rajan. Indias Bankruptcy Code Had Teeth. Now Its Got Dentures Faced with a highprofile test the countrys revamped insolvency code is already on the brink of failure.. Biggest employer of women across Indian districts. Beti Bachao Beti Padhao 56 Funds Spent On Publicity. Plastic waste imports to India go up report. We send countercomments to the terrible proposals of Telecom Companies in TRAIs OTTConsultation SaveTheInternet: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/ilckrmk6oxb21.png In November 2018 the TRAI released a consultation paper on the regulation of OTT services basically online platforms and services. Telecom companies said some terrible things about the internet in TRAIs OTT Consultation. We wouldnt stand for it and responded in our countercomments. We submitted comments on 8th January 2019 and our counter comments yesterday night i.e. January 21 2019. Highlights Licensing the Internet The proposals pose a test of substitutability to assert that OTT and TSPs telecom companies provide similar services and that they should be regulated similarly. They say this is necessary for continued investment in network infrastructure. Questions on policy and economic basis We found from data that the economic stress on telecos comes from the intense price competition they face due to the extremely low prices of their competitors. There is also no clear data on the amount of investment needed in the sector. To pose regulation for internet services in the absence of not only causation but even a credible correlation to economic losses of telecom companies is a harmful public policy choice. Protect users not telecos and platforms We submit the need for legislative action and regulatory reform in the domains of privacy consumer protection and competition law frameworks. When it comes to internet policy end users should be the most important stakeholders. The consultation queries posed by TRAI to an extent fall outside its jurisdictional scope. We further suggest that it must conduct a specific consultation on interception and surveillance reform in the telecom sector. Read more on our countercomments [over here]https//internetfreedom.in/wesendcountercommentstotheterriblestuffthattelecossayintraisottconsultationsavetheinternet/. Also do consider following us over at twitter internetfreedom where we post regular updates on our work. As always thanks so much for your support.. Satellite images show China is building underground facility 50 km from India border. raghuram rajan Focus on macro stability and move towards a jobcreating economy Raghuram Rajan. Court seeks report on moving gigantic rock to Bengaluru. Drug price regulators wings clipped. In an official PAN application site of Government. 300000 farmer suicides since 1995 an average of about 12000 a year: The struggling farmer who planned his own funeral http//www.bbc.co.uk/news/worldasiaindia46644440. Brexit U.S. Shutdown Chinese Economy Your Tuesday Briefing. Transport dept riled as Ola Uber yet to disable child lock. India To Soon Get Its Own Standard Of Apparel Size Smriti Irani. Kerala government schools best in India outstanding mathematics skills Report. India to soon have own standard of apparel size Smriti Irani. V K Sasikala given preferential treatment in prison Inquiry report. India likely to surpass UK in the worlds largest economy rankings. are you seeking the Truth: [removed]. A petition we the world should have a say in institutional reform too:  \[technological transformations of the fourth industrial revolution\] are changing how individuals governments and companies relate to each other and the world at large. says the World Economic Forum 2019 overview asking for institutional reform. Who is in charge of deciding how institutions should look like in the future The most powerful politicians and influential businesspersons and economists in the world. Please kindly consider [signing the petition]https//www.change.org/p/unitednationsasrulersoftheworlddiscussinstitutionalreformtheworldshouldntstaysilentrecruiter917229843amputmsourcesharepetitionamputmmediumcopylinkamputmcampaignsharepetition. Thanks. Chinas aiming for college excellence India for quotas. India likely to surpass UK in worlds largest economy rankings in 2019 PwC report. India likely to surpass UK in the worlds largest economy rankings in 2019 PwC Report. Desperate times calls for desperate measures. 10 year challenge. Commentary on No corruption at the top in this BJP term: [removed]. Delhi Over 18k applicants granted seats under EWS did not report for admission last year. PMs PrePoll Handouts To Cost Billions Breach Fiscal Targets Report. Opinion Modis dream of fulltime Internet surveillance. French order for Rafale suggests Modi Govt paid a lot more for a lot less. Eat This. God save India Report from to Hindustan Times.. Indias Sun Pharma Tumbles on Report of Fresh Allegations by Whistleblower. Blocking websites only fuels Indias appetite for porn Data. Netflix has led the process of creating a self censorship code in India. WTF: [removed]. Compensation Specialist in Mt. Druitt. Indian Army India in final stages of setting up Defence Cyber Agency. Netflix Local Rival Hotstar To Censor Content In India Report. Acche Din Supreme Court paves way for opening of dance bars in Mumbai. Stainless Steel Solution For Providing Clean Drinking Water in India: Steel production and application directly influences the Indian economy and development of other major industrial sectors. Among steel stainless steel is the most widely used grade which has proved to improve various industrial challenges and has acted as a part of solution too. https//i.redd.it/5l89y8gebxa21.jpg Some of the applications of stainless steel in India are Stainless Steel Sheets Stainless Steel Tubes and Pipes Stainless Steel [Threaded Bar]http//www.threadedrebars.com/contact.php Stainless Steel Tanks Stainless Steel Equipment in Food Processing Industry Railways and Roads [Anchor Bolt]http//www.threadedrebars.com/ [Rock Bolt]http//www.threadedrebars.com/product.php and Other Fasteners Stainless Steel Automobile Body Members Stainless Steel Aircraft Body Members Stainless Steel Fibres Stainless Steel Castings Stainless Steel Kitchen Utensils and much more. In this blog we are going to cover how stainless steel is a part of the solution for providing universal access to clean drinking water in India. Among the countries where access to clean drinking water cannot be taken for granted is India whose rapid urbanization is creating ever greater demand for adequate and uninterrupted clean water supply. While we often see images of India in the media and tourist industry that shows the many natural and manmade beauties the country has to offer those who have been there know that clean water and even the most basic levels of sanitation are often hard to find. Its a country of enormous contrasts. India can boast that it has 10 citizens on the Forbes list of the worlds richest 200 people and yet it is also 61 on the Global Finance list of the worlds poorest countries faring worse than even Nigeria Bolivia and the Congo Republic. ampx200B https//i.redd.it/zwd4wq9gbxa21.png Happily the stainless steel industry is playing an important role in improving the health and quality of life of many ordinary people in India. In a recent article published in the March issue of Stainless Steel World News Nirmal Mathur President of the Indian Stainless Steel Development Association ISSDA took a closer look at how India is promoting stainless steel to address this issue. He opens his article by making a reference to a new initiative known as Smart Cities Mission The Smart Cities Mission is an innovative new initiative of the Government of India to promote cities that provide core infrastructure and give a decent quality of life to their citizens which includes a clean and sustainable environment with smart solutionsIt is worth noting that in the mission statement much emphasis has been placed on adequate and safe drinking water supply. Conclusion There is no doubt that the challenge is huge despite the massive investments being made. The shortage of clean water is exacerbated by several factors including shortage waste and leakage and contaminated groundwater. Access and access and delivery of safe drinking water vary from state to state and even within a given state. In this context the choice of materials used for storing and transporting water are critical to prevent contamination and corrosion affecting the water. Mathur states The choice of material for recycling transporting and storing water is of utmost importance to maintain quality and hygiene. Stainless steel is known to play a major role in helping to cope with these challenges around the world. In India the stainless steel industry has been promoting the use of the material in waterrelated applications for a long time but slowly and steadily its potential is now being realized. . We urge for a rethink on the proposed selfcensorship norms for video streaming platforms: ampx200B ampx200B [img]85zunnb5bxa21 This post is not about Game of Thrones Sacred Games or Mirzapur. But it is. A lot of Indians are today turning off the television set and increasingly logging onto online streaming platforms. Here they are getting a wide diversity and choice of content they have been denied till now. A lot of this has to do with the nature of online content streaming which also facilitates at its very core a wider range of ideas and expressions that have been heavily censored and prohibited in cinemas and on TV Channels. At this crucial time as per a report in yesterdays [Economic Times]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/media/entertainment/ibmayendorseselfregulationcodeforonlinevideoplayers/articleshow/67550022.cmsfrommdr and [The Ken]https//theken.com/story/videostreamingselfregulation/ the Internet and Mobile Association of India IAMAI has proposed Code of Best Practices for Online Curated Content Providers and sought endorsement by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting MIB and the Ministry for Electronics and Information Technology MIETY. As we set out in our letter of concern to IAMAI we call on them to reconsider this proposal it creates a defacto censorship mechanism which will only become more pervasive in time. This will be to the detriment of the entire online video streaming sector. We have explained how this is harmful over at our website written to IAMAI and are considering steps to correspond and urge the government not to take this up. Link to our post is available here [https//internetfreedom.in/weurgearethinkontheproposedselfcensorshipforvideostreamingplatforms/]https//internetfreedom.in/weurgearethinkontheproposedselfcensorshipforvideostreamingplatforms/. Missed opportunity to replace existing quota. Missed opportunity to replace existing quota. Net Neutrality [OC]. Your ITR filing will soon get processed in just one day. Netflix Local Rival Hotstar To Censor Content In India Report. 11 million jobs lost in 2018 onethird of them by the salaried class [8jan2019]. Income tax exemption limit may be doubled to 5 lakh in interim budget Report. A million migrations Journeys in search of jobs. [NP] Are foreign governments allowed to ask for your Aadhar number: The Australian visa application process recommends submitting your Aadhar number and a photocopy of your Aadhar card. If you dont have one you have to submit an alternative proof of identity and provide an explanation for not having an Aadhar card. Just the passport is not sufficient. However do they have permission from UIDAI or the Indian Government which directs the UIDAI to do this It sounds highly illegal and the basis of a diplomatic spat otherwise.. 100 Working The Pirate Bay Proxy List 2019: [removed]. Can Universal Basic Income make India Develop. Income Tax Exemption Threshold May Go Up In Interim Budget Report. Video explaining everything regarding recent RBI events. Strong possibility of 26/11 plotter Tahawwur Rana extradited to India Reports. Supreme Court issues notice on IFFs petition for surveillance reform SaveOurPrivacy: ampx200B https//i.redd.it/vfa4bnzbmda21.png Remember when we dramatically posted here [Help Stop India from becoming a surveillance state]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/a8jp77/pleasehelpstopindiafrombecominga/ This was when around the end of December last year a MHA notification was issued authorising 10 central agencies to snoop in computers. As we explained this was incredibly problematic since it was without any proper checks and balances. While the public pressure did work to an extent and more people became aware of the issue due to a lack of a positive response by the Government we were forced along with 4 other petitioners to approach the Supreme Court. Today the court agreed to hear this case and issued notice in it directing a response by the Government. The full details with the petition are [available here]https//internetfreedom.in/supremecourtissuesnoticeoniffspetitionforsurvelliancereformsaveourprivacy/. We urge the Reddit community to read it as many of the questions we got here were useful in our own thinking and subsequent inputs into the petition. . Is the BJP really concerned about Indias poor. Report Wealth Inequality Class and Caste in India 19512012. Supreme Court issues notice to Centre after PIL on surveillance gives it six weeks to respond. Vast Income Inequalities Within Castes Study. Top 10 Among Forward Castes Own 60 Wealth. The govt. should fund an online learning platform that serves as an all purpose education system.: It should have free crossplatform opensource Flexible accessible open to all ages and available worldwide Make use of learning methods like gamification SRS animation minigames interactive AIs lecture videos etc. Focuses on learning for mastery and expertise rather than pass exams that quiz you on useless trivia . Covers a diverse variety of subjects from kindergarten to university level Government schools have free internet and computers to access this platform tutors thatll assist facetoface will be present as well as helpers who can guide senior citizens etc. Those who can afford will be able to learn from home one their own devices and internet or enroll them in provate school which will have better equipment and more tutors. Cases where assessment is required like realworld projects can be handled by schools as well. And specialized practical training can be conducted in universities. TLDR Lets do away with traditional classroom based learning and implement an online platform where students can choose the subjects they want to learn the time they want to spend on it etc . Odisha minor delivers child inside school premises. Police questioned the schools headmistress on why the incident was not reported though the girl spent months in school. Seven staffers have been suspended.. EXCLUSIVE Rajkumar Hirani sexual misconduct row Reports of Munna Bhai 3 put on hold are baseless and fake. Has Mumbai ignored BEST transport system or is bus drivers strike an overreaction. Fuel Prices Hiked 6 Times So Far This Year Petrol Rate In Delhi Crosses Rs 70/Litre. Does Universal Basic Income make sense for India..and in general. Inexplicable Uturn. Across the aisle Nearly all Indians are poor. Indias Rayudu Reported for Suspect Bowling Action. Relevance/effectiveness of Caste based Reservation: Hypothesis Caste based reservation as a policy helps uplift and normalise the social and financial status of underprivileged groups. Valid or invalid Now without context this is going to ruffle a LOT of feathers the wrong way so let me clarify 1. I do not identify to any caste and never been affected/needed the benefits of the reservation policies. 2. I understand the sentiment behind reservation to give an equal footing to all peoples disadvantaged by archaic societal beliefs. If we look back at the development of our demographics quality of life since independence can we say that reservation has helped Would this development have occured without reservation Why are there still individuals of the reserved group who are downtrodden When aligned according to similar economic conditions do caste based distinctions in the population still stay visible in the quality of life Once again This is a super complex and touchy topic but requires open discussion. . Filmmaker Questions CBFCs Hypocrisy Over The Accidental Prime Minister The Quint. The paradox of slum tourism. Top Upcoming Major Project In India Infrastucture Development In India. Maharastra gives green signal to homeschooling Launches new board Get details here. How Indian army chief General Bipin Rawat wants to restructure tge army and modernise it. Renowned economist Meera Sanyal passes away. She was suffering from cancer.. Suspended Hardik Pandya KL Rahul To Be Sent Back From Australia MidTour Report. Unemployment rose to a 4year high during demonetisation Govt survey. AC Repair Company in Dubai. Neither reservations nor agitation dispel gloom among workers in Delhis industrial areas. Demographic window of opportunity among Indian states. How do I report fraud websites scamming people over Instagram pynkvilla.com: So a few months ago Instagrams ad engine started showing me ads of Indian websites selling football jerseys and merch. As a regular football fan caught between the excessive expensiveness of the original evident fakeness of Palika and apparent unreliability of Aliexpress these accounts seemed like a breath of fresh air. A month ago I finally bit the bullet and ordered a Germany 1988 jersey from a website that looked the most legit pynkvilla.com there was even a 20 discount to push me over the edge and Ive been regretting it ever since. The order hasnt been shipped and nothing has been updated ever since. They have one email ID listed that they use for sharing order information as well as customer services and unsurprisingly no one has been responding to my emails. They have a phone number listed for contacting through WhatsApp and WhatsApp has been showing one dismal grey tick for a couple of days. The phone number rings but no one picks up. Instagram doesnt allow me to report the account for anything except spam or inappropriate content. Is there a hassle free way to report the website to concerned authorities Some of these accounts also do their selling through Instagram only is there any way to get Instagram to kick these as well Mind you its sponsored content at that.. Tell us if your ISP is blocking any proxy websites or VPNs. We promise to seek remedy. SaveTheInternet SaveOurPrivacy: In Aria Thakers [article for Quartz]https//qz.com/india/1516366/isjiohelpingindiaspornbanbyblockingproxyvpnsites/ on the 8th of January she reports on activity on Indias subreddit where users had started a thread reporting that Reliance Jio was blocking proxy websites. This includes websites like Hide.me VPNbook Hidester etc. all of which are websites that allow the user to mask their location to access information on the internet when the same is blocked in their area. ampx200B The principle of Net Neutrality which not has regulatory backing through license amendments holds that telecom companies which provide internet access and Internet Service Providers ISPs are required to treat all data equally not interfering with the access choices of the end user and thereby any providers selective blocking of proxy websites is extremely concerning as it contravenes this principle and regulatory compliance. ampx200B Further with the lack of a codified privacy law in India blocking VPN sites completely leaves users devoid of any sort of privacy online which means that any action on a service providers part takes away a technical protection for one of our most essential fundamental rights. To this end we are putting out a Google Form to the public. The intention behind this form is to collect data on which websites are being blocked and by which ISPs after which we will look through it and see how best to remedy the situation by complaints approaching Government ministries regulatory bodies etc. ampx200B Suffering a block [Click here and let us know]https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfW1hG9msgaILOLk1EMEY3V3UDJIZlTJPRoxgkIO7pUzuZ2aA/viewform. . Top 10 banks in India.. Tell us if your ISP is blocking any proxy websites or VPNs. We promise to seek remedy. SaveTheInternet SaveOurPrivacy: In Aria Thakers [article for Quartz]https//qz.com/india/1516366/isjiohelpingindiaspornbanbyblockingproxyvpnsites/ on the 8th of January she reports on activity on Indias subreddit where users had started a thread reporting that Reliance Jio was blocking proxy websites. This includes websites like Hide.me VPNbook Hidester etc. all of which are websites that allow the user to mask their location to access information on the internet when the same is blocked in their area. The principle of Net Neutrality which not has regulatory backing through license amendments holds that telecom companies which provide internet access and Internet Service Providers ISPs are required to treat all data equally not interfering with the access choices of the end user and thereby any providers selective blocking of proxy websites is extremely concerning as it contravenes this principle and regulatory compliance. Further with the lack of a codified privacy law in India blocking VPN sites completely leaves users devoid of any sort of privacy online which means that any action on a service providers part takes away a technical protection for one of our most essential fundamental rights.To this end we are putting out a Google Form to the public. The intention behind this form is to collect data on which websites are being blocked and by which ISPs after which we will look through it and see how best to remedy the situation by complaints approaching Government ministries regulatory bodies etc. Suffering a block [Click here and us a report]https//goo.gl/forms/pXWBPiGPyA1lK54J3.. Have a look on this petition. Meghalaya mine collapse Beyond the tragedy for states politicians mining their own business. Alleging collusion between politicians the state machinery and mine owners the report cited this as a primary reason for illegal mining in the state despite the ban.. iPhone production will be slashed by 10 in Q1 2019 Report. Gujarat encounter killings Share Bedi Committee report with petitioners SC tells govt The court did not relent to Gujarats plea to bar the petitioners from sharing the report with the media.. Webinar 11am Thursday Intermediary Guidelines Amendment Rules India. Home Maintenance Company in Dubai. End reservation for good: I am from an economically backward class family. Tough the 10 percent reservation should make me happy it fails to do so. And that for multiple reasons. I know people who earn 50k a month and have income certificates saying farmer 11000 per annum. Which I am surprised isnt a dead give away. But my problem isnt that people will fake their income screw that. My problem is that just for the greed of votes we have seen almost everyone voting to pass this bill in the loksabha. And this wont stop here. This will continue as long as people can be devided into groups. Leaving the last few groups very disadvantaged. Beyond that I think we will reach about 100 reservation at this rate. 5 here 10 there some 3 someplace else. And and when we do reach there or for every step we take towards it we loose a little bit of our right to claim that we are a democracy. Lacking true liberty and and a level playing field always holding a barcode and product description tag. I say remove all reservation. Keep like 10 reservation for 1 First gen learners. 2 Handicapped. 3 Homeless or significantly economically weak. Not less than 800000 per year poor I mean I have no food for tomorrow poor. And this with the hope that we can all one day reach a true Democratic and liberal and just India.. She Stole My Heart... Nagpur Man Reports Theft.. Loans deposits by Indians in Swiss banks down 34.5 in 2017. Sawarn Bill to benefit the lower income group of open caste passed in Lok Sabha Know how. According to WEF report growth of the middle class will lift nearly 25 million households out of poverty. Democracy Index 2018. Sensex Jumps Over 200 Points Rupee Rebounds 7 Paise Against Dollar. Prayagraj Kumbh Mela 2019 Salient features. India likely to surpass U.S to be worlds second largest economy by 2030. She Stole My Heart... Nagpur Man Reports Theft To Cops. At 7.2 India to stay fastest growing economy. Indian Government Considers Legalizing Cryptocurrencies. Ground Report How Indiaspend Twisted Facts To List Fight Between Muslims As Communal Clashes For Hate Database. 150 Million workers and farmers on two day strike protesting against anti labour and farmer policies of Modi Government.. Gita Gopinath joins IMF as its first female chief economist. JSW chief Need to slow rising population or economy will slow down. TS Nirudyoga Bruthi Scheme Details: [removed]. Indian Economy To Grow At 7.2 Pc In 201819 Up From 6.5 Pc Last Year Govt. Pizza by the Bay Asked Us to Get Out Because We Reported A Drink[NP]. Upper caste reservations Central Cabinet approval for 10 reservation for upper castes Study Idol. A look at UP farmers amid cow slaughter ban.... Why Tencent Holdings Invested in an Indian FoodDelivery StartUp The Motley Fool. When will Flowers of our country stop selling flowers....and be seen in schools.... Govt approves 10 reservation for economically weaker upper castes. India closes for next 2 days Farmers in 10 trade unions in protest against Modis policies. India jumps 73 spots to 26 rank in World Banks electricity accessibility list. Modi government approves 10 prevent reservation in Government jobs for economically weaker upper castes. Modi govt undermined HAL gifted Rafale to Anil Ambani Rahul Gandhi. Supreme Court issues notice to check any 66A Cases RightToMeme Section66A. RBI expected to pay government up to 5.8 billion interim dividend Report. Before demonetisation Modi govt nudged RBI to introduce shagun Rs 11 Rs 21 bank notes. Rupee extends gains trades higher at 69.35 per dollar. New drug price cap exemptions pitch DoP against health ministry. Government will soon make Aadhaardriving licence linking mandatory Ravi Shankar Prasad. Is the Modi Government Misleading Parliament by CherryPicking Data Why does MoS External Affairs reply to Rajya Sabha exclude tax havens Mauritius and Cyprusfrom the list of top 10 maximum FDI inflow countries. Sheer abuse of power by District Magistrate Nikhil Nirmal: District Magistrate Nikhil Nirmal Barbaric Uncivilized Unconstitutional Behavior [https//www.youtube.com/watchv45ByNSAU6cU]https//www.youtube.com/watchv45ByNSAU6cU DM Nikhil Nirmal Alipurduar WB thrashes youth for lewd comments on wifes FB profile. The behavior should ideally warrant expelling him from being on duty. What kind of IAS officers is India producing They should seriously consider meditation or selfcontrol training to these unruly officers. More here [https//www.dnaindia.com/india/reportcaughtoncamerabengaliasofficerthrashesyouthforlewdcommentsonwifesfbprofile2705006]https//www.dnaindia.com/india/reportcaughtoncamerabengaliasofficerthrashesyouthforlewdcommentsonwifesfbprofile2705006. India RBI Postpones Plan to Establish National Crypto CBDC. India lost 11 million jobs in 2018 rural areas worst hit CMIE. The analysis report showed individuals from vulnerable groups namely women uneducated wage labourers agricultural labourers and small traders being the worst hit by job losses in 2018.. Govt will soon make Aadhaardriving licence linking mandatory Ravi Shankar Prasad Times of India. Across the aisle It is Fail on the report card. 07/02/2018 Aadhaars 11billion question. Govts ambitious Startup India fizzles as 82 SMEs did not get any benefits Report. Sabarimala protests Centre steps in home ministry seeks report from Kerala govt Sabarimala protests. MSDE felicitates young entrepreneurs at National Entrepreneurship Awards. Indias railroads had 63000 job openings. 19 million people applied.. A scam bigger than Rafale P. Sainath on Modi governments Fasal Bima Yojana 9/11/2018. India lost 11 million jobs in 2018 rural areas worst hit CMIE. Indian govt cracks down on Alibaba says goods cant be shipped as gifts. This follows reports that platforms like AliExpress Shein Club Factory are selling goods marked as gifts to avoid Customs duties now collected as GST.. Petrol And Diesel Price To Go Up In Karnataka As Govt Hikes Tax Rates. Govt Looks To Limit Imported Gifts To INR 5000 Per Aadhaar Number. Twitter QampA with the Ministry of IT tomorrow between 45 PM SaferSocialMedia: As we had [posted before]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/a92n0h/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodel/ the Ministry of IT was considering changes to the IT Intermediary Guidelines Rules 2011. These changes were being considered in secret with social media companies and after [the Indian Express did a front page story]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/itactamendmentsdataprivacyfreedomofspeechfbtwitter5506572/ and [we released]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/ the entire text of these rules a [public consultation]http//meity.gov.in/commentsinviteddraftintermediaryrules on it was announced. These changes will harm all of us who use the internet. They will break endtoend encryption make indefinite data retention possible and will also require proactive censorship by algorithms on platforms. Please do [read our analysis here]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/. Tomorrow the Ministry of IT is doing two things. It has first invited a select group of people for consultation on these rules. This will be attended by our executive director [Apar Gupta]https//twitter.com/apargupta84 and IFF Chairperson [Raman Chima]https//twitter.com/tamewildcard. We will update you on what happens there. The second thing it will be doing is that Ministry officials will conduct a [twitter QampA]https//twitter.com/GoIMeitY/status/1081071055366701057 with the hashtag SaferSocialMedia between 45 PM. Close to this QampA we will be tweeting model questions from [our twitter handle]https//twitter.com/internetfreedom around that time. In addition to using the IT ministrys hashtag SaferSocialMedia we will also be using SaveOurPrivacy. We request and call on all redditors to participate. For privacy and free speech. Geographical indication to standardise handicrafts industry. India Set To Replace UK As 5th Biggest Economy. But There Are Bumps. RBI PCA banks Queue to check out of Hotel California is slowly forming. No Decision On Printing Rs 2000 Notes Have Adequate In System Official. City Bajaar Indias local search engine Largest Online Marketplace Aligarh Largest Free Online Business Directory Mathura Business Directory Agra Top SSC amp IIT JEE Coaching Classes in Mathura Aligarh Agra Best Ayurveda Hospitals In Agra Hotel Mahajan Palace Aligarh. Centre to confer National Entrepreneurship Awards tomorrow. Strengthening irrigation schemes. Most Indians fail to see the real side of how Murica is a victim of Capitalism.. What is Rupashree Prakalpa :  Rupashree. This scheme for the girls who are over 18 years old. Under this [Rupashree Prakalpa]https//natnit.net/governmentscheme/rupashreeprakalpa/ the Girls will get one time Rs. 25000 amount at the time of her marriage from the Government of West Bengal. To apply Rupashree Scheme the applicant must have to fulfil the following eligibility guideline. Know all the details info about who can apply for Rupashree Scheme and then download the application form. 1. The age of the girl must be above 18 years at the time of her marriage to apply for the [Rupashree Scheme]https//natnit.net/governmentscheme/rupashreeprakalpa/. 2. The annual family income does not exceed Rs. 1.5 lack. 3. Applicant must be a permanent resident of West Bengal for apply Rupashree Scheme. 4. No minimum educational qualifications required to apply Rupashree Prakalpa.. News India stops printing Rs 2000 note two years after its shock launch. MSME Loan Alert Get Rs.1 Cr In Just 59 Minutes: [removed]. The clue to demonetisation lies in a suicide in Pakistan: [removed]. U.S. President Donald Trump mocks PM Modi for library in Afghanistan: U.S. President Donald Trump mocks PM Modi for library in Afghanistan https//www.thehindu.com/news/international/uspresidentdonaldtrumpmockspmmodiforlibraryinafghanistan/article25896776.ece. How could they not think of that before Like seriously. India to legalize cannabis soon. See more in the video. P. How could they not think of that before Like seriously . India Still Cautious Over Crypto RBI Shelves Plans For Own Cryptocurrency. Security advisory board expanded NSAB inducts former envoy Amar Sinha exIB chief Asif Ibrahim: The National Security Advisory Board NSAB has been expanded with the induction of Amar Sinha former Ambassador to Afghanistan and Tajikistan and former IB chief Asif Ibrahim as its members. While former RampAW officer Tilak Deveshwars name was also said to be on the list an official confirmation was awaited till the filing of this report. [https//indianexpress.com/article/india/securityadvisoryboardexpandednsabinductsformerenvoyamarsinhaexibchiefasifibrahim5517855/]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/securityadvisoryboardexpandednsabinductsformerenvoyamarsinhaexibchiefasifibrahim5517855/. The clue to demonetisation lies in a suicide in Pakistan: [removed]. Tamil Nadu urges Centre to pay Rs 7214 crore in GST dues to the state. Alcohol firms are the unlikely victims of farm loan waiver. The making of Aadhaar 2.0: The making of Aadhaar 2.0 https//knappily.com/law/aadhaaramendment161 Knappily when you want to know all in 2 minutes. The making of Aadhaar 2.0: The making of Aadhaar 2.0 https//knappily.com/law/aadhaaramendment161 Knappily when you want to know all in 2 minutes. Modi govt to announce Rs 4000 per acre direct transfer crop loan at 0 per cent interest. Shri Arun Jaitley explains what offset means that Rahul Gandhi doesnt know. Rafale Rahul Gandhi challenges Narendra Modi to oneonone debate on the jet deal What are your thoughts on this . Opinion Why Congress GST 2.0 promise is just snake oil. Raghuram Rajan Disruption concentration and the new economy. dainik 30 minat ke kaam ke saath maasik 300 yooro praapt karen. Flipkart Amazon Hit as Government Looks to Ban Online Exclusives. Reporter why are you standing here. She My husband told to stand.. Read a post discussing on Smart cities initiative. six months old report. UP to impose 0.5 gau raksha cess to protect stray cattle. My first read of 2019.. Thats what Indias youth are up to.. What is the Fee for Aadhaar Card Services New Fee Structure [Updated]. Do online virtual purchases fall under GST: So today I purchased some ingame currency in a mobile game. I saw that it was a 30 USD purchase which is around 2000 INR. But my bill comes with a GST of 363 INR. Is this really taxable If so that seems weird to me. G20 Countries GDP Comparison 20042023. Paytm Payments Bank gets green nod from RBI to restart KYC reopen ewallets bank accounts. Dont allow new colleges from 2020 review every two years Panel to engg body.. Raghuram Rajan Disruption concentration and the new economy Livemint. Changes in RERA likely in early 2019. Worst of the NPA crisis is over says RBI report. Tamil Nadu to usher in New Year on green note with ban on singleuse plastic. Ending the year KeralaStrong 2018. This resource rich Central Asian country wants Indian mangoes. In search of eKYC 2.0 Aadhaars identity crisis. Banks lost Rs 41167 crore to fraud in 201718 RBI. Railways completes 306 km of western dedicated freight corridor. PostGST travel time of trucks has reduced by a fifth Govt. After Firstpost report on bullet train project Maharashtra govt suspends officer who responded to RTI query Firstpost. After Firstpost report on bullet train project Maharashtra govt suspends officer who responded to RTI query. The Latest Deadly Clashes Reported Amid Bangladesh Voting. Indias missing middle class The elephant in the room. Modijis tenure. India among first five nations to submit Sixth National Report Enironment Ministry. Review of Job Opportunities at IndianMoney: [removed]. What is Virtual Aadhaar Card How to get Aadhar 16 digit Virtual ID Aadhaar Card. Cabinet strengthens POCSO Act approves death penalty for aggravated sexual assault against minors. Delhi HC judgment on oxytocin calls out government on its arbitrary order. Single standard GST rate is desirable Jaitley. India May Legalize Cryptos But Under Strong Rules Report CoinDesk. CAG report unearths massive land allotment scam in Karnataka with children named as beneficiaries... No other film will be allowed to release with Thackeray Shiv Sena worker. Govt. not required by Supreme Court to frame triple talaq law. Keralas alternative to farm loan waivers has lessons for India. Mahesh Babus bank accounts frozen. Say good bye to big discounts starting from February 2018. Why is alcohol and its accessibility this restricted in Indiacertain states: I was wondering what the main motivation would be behind the restrictive measures regarding alcoholaccessibility from a governmental point of view. ampx200B Any thoughts on this. Aadhar Card Download How to Download E Aadhaar Card Online Easily. Why We Need to ReThink Our Relationship With Land in Chhattisgarh and Beyond. HDFC Bank Posts Rs 5005 Crore Net Profit in Q2 2018. Haphazard development destroys Kashmirs forests and apple orchards: [removed]. Cant UnAadhar myself from Airtel: So I went to a Chortel disservice branch in the market and queried if it is possible to delink my Aadhar from my phone sim now that the SC has made it nonmandatory as ID and Address proof. The fellow at the store assured it has already been delinked. I requested him to show the screen. I mentioned the Aadhar was still there to which he retaliated but it has been delinked. It is now there only as your ID/Address proof. I said in that case please use my other IDs as proofs and remove this. Sir this is not possible. I asked for the manager who gave me the same. To summarize it is not possible to remove your Aadhar information altogether from an existing phone on Chortel. It seems to me the linking/delinking facade then means nothing because given how shamelessly they made their own new rules recently they will at a moments notice from the government or from their own initiative use the information they have. Apparently the only way out is to buy a new sim card but that doesnt solve the problem. How long does it take to integrate information from an owners new sim with the old one in this day and age I dont know if the banks are delinking Aadhar or they will come up with the same excuses. Hopefully not.. Explainer Govt clamps down on etailers ahead of polls but offline retailers still unhappy. Private sector report 41 growth in net profits in Q2 201819 despite rise in expenditure RBI The Economic Times. Karnataka declares 156 of 176 talukas droughtaffected. After 21 Years Assam Gets Its Bogibeel Bridge Know Why Its Important. Telangana shows an alternative to farm loan waivers. Sony India Channels 9 Channels For Rs 31 Per Month TRAI New DTH Rules: [removed]. Banks Strike Bank Merger Bank strike on Wednesday services to be affected. The true role of art and literature. SLCMs agri financing arm Kissandhan raises Rs 29 Cr. How do fertiliser supply gets regulated. India Has a Banner Year for Deals and Overtakes China as a Favored Target. Bought a blanket. Sad to see that even a low end commodity like blanket is imported from China.. Solving The NPA Crisis IBC Helps Recover Over Rs 80000 Crores In 2018 Target Of Rs One Lakh Crores In 2019. Dollar out India UAE to trade in their currencies. Ever Wondered How to Deactivate/ Delete the Aadhaar Card of a dead person Know About the Procedure: [removed]. Indian Banking amp Economy News. GST Impact on Software Industry. Petrol Prices Hit 2018 Lows Diesel Rates At Lowest Since March. Delhi Cant Breathe Why Do Indian Citys Have the Most Polluted Air on the World:  Every winter the air of Delhi becomes an unbreathable morass. By some estimates breathing one day of Delhi air when air quality is at its worst is equivalent to smoking 44 cigarettes and the toxic air reduces life expectancy by approximately six years. The burden of air pollution falls especially hard on the elderly and infirm and an entire generation is growing up breathing suffocating levels of pollution. According to the World Health Organization Delhi is the most highly polluted megacity in the world and three of the ten most polluted cities in the world are in the neighborhood of Delhi. In todays podcast episode I discuss the agricultural origins of air pollution in Delhi I discuss the nonagricultural sources of pollution and the environmental Kuznets curve. In a previous podcast episode I discussed the [environmental ramifications]https//wealthofnationspodcast.com/thericeofwrathhowobscurebritishlandlawandfreeelectricitycreatedeconomicstagnationandenvironmentaldisasterinpunjab/ of the green revolution. One that I did not discuss was the air pollution created by the burning of rice stubble after the harvest. Modern mechanized harvesters leave a large amount of rice straw that needs to cleared before the planting of the winter wheat crop. The cheapest and fastest method to clear the fields is to burn to rice straw and more than 2 million farmers burn 23 million tons of rice residue over 80000 sq km of farmland resulting in massive fires. As much as a third of the air pollution comes from these fires. Although the government has banned burning rice residue the state governments have struggled to do so. For one thing government policies such as [enforced sowing]https//www.pressreader.com/india/thetimesofindianewdelhiedition/20181020/281663960984871 times and large subsidies of mechanized harvesters only encourages more burning. The government has provided subsidies of 80 for the purchase of mulchers that process rice but it is a slower process that costs 3 times more than burning the fields after subsidies are taken into account. Many of the sources of air pollution come much closer to the city of Delhi. India is a major importer of Petroleum Coke a byproduct of refining heavy oils such as those produced in Canadian tar sands and emits twice as much sulfur as coal making it one of the most polluting sources of energy. The Indian government has announced a partial ban on the import of [petcoke]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/whyispetcokestillbeingusedincityaskshc/articleshow/67169254.cms for 2018 although certain industries are exempt. Similarly the rapid growth of diesel car use has had a strongly negative impact on air quality. The number of cars in Delhi has more than tripled over the last 8 years. Moreover between 2004 and 2014 the percent of cars sold in India that used diesel went up from one quarter of all cars to one half. In 2014 the government of India phased diesel subsidies out and demand for diesel cars has collapsed. Only 23 of all cars sold in 2018 are expected to be diesel. Finally coal the only natural resource India has ample reserves of is a major contributor to air pollution. There are over a dozen thermal coal power plants surrounding Delhi and the largest Badarpur had long been falsifying records on emissions to pass standards. The Badarpur powerplant and many others are being [phased out]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/badarpurthermalplantshutforgood/articleshow/66228551.cms to help reduce levels of air pollution. One of the most important ideas for understanding air pollution in Delhi is the environmental Kuznets curve. The idea of the Kuznets curve is that levels of air pollution are lowest in low and high income countries but much higher in middle income countries. Indias rapid economic growth means it is rapidly approaching middle economic status has resulted in a massive increase in pollution. Many cities in the developed word such as Pittsburgh and Manchester were once famous for being the types of places where a person could go to work in a white shirt and come back in a gray one. It is a process we have seen in Beijing which for a long time was considered the most polluted city in the world. However [since 2013]https//www.who.int/airpollution/data/cities/en/ Beijing and the Chinese national government has placed draconian measures to curb pollution. Coal use was cut by one half since 2013 and major construction and steel projects mothballed. Levels of air pollution are down by 20 since 2013. The experience of Beijing shows that the Kuznets curve isnt a natural inevitability but the result of sustained changes in policy. Sources [Economic growth and environmental degradation the environmental Kuznets curve and sustainable development ]https//www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/0305750X96000320David Stern Michael Common Edward Barbier [Off Target Status of Thermal Power Plants in Delhi NCR Centre for Science and Environment]http//www.indiaenvironmentportal.org.in/files/file/OffTargetStatusofPowerStationsReport.pdf. Shining India. Is farmer suicide fake news but of the good folks: Interesting take on farmer suicides bu Manu Joseph. . Interesting take on farmer suicides by Manu Joseph: [https//www.livemint.com/Opinion/dgjzvPDF8oiFbgrMKpkU9H/OpinionIsfarmersuicidefakenewsbutofthegoodfol.html]https//www.livemint.com/Opinion/dgjzvPDF8oiFbgrMKpkU9H/OpinionIsfarmersuicidefakenewsbutofthegoodfol.html Basically he talks about how agrarian distress is not the monolithic cause of all farmer suicides and why sensationalist news of such incidents may act as further catalysts.. India should take note of Huawei How arrest of Chinese princess exposes regimes world domination plot. RBI shortlists TCS Wipro IBM 3 others for setting up Public Credit Registry. Centre to roll out prepaid metering across India from April says power and renewable energy minister RK Singh. PM Launches Rs.100 Coin In Vajpayee Memory Says Cant Believe Hes Gone. First look of 100 rupee coin released today in the memory of Atal Bihari Vajpayee. World Moves to Study Indias Notes Ban While Team Modi Looks Away. Debt Isnt Killing Indias Farmers The causes of rural distress are many and varied and expensive loan waivers arent the answer. India must resist the lure of the Chinese model of online surveillance and censorship IntermediaryRules RightToMeme SaveOurPrivacy: As reported in todays [front page story]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/itactamendmentsdataprivacyfreedomofspeechfbtwitter5506572/ in the Indian Express why are government and large online platforms privately discussing how to censor and break the encryption of your social media and messaging. To take down your posts proactively and by requiring traceability. Why is it being done secretly Why are you not being involved We first explain what these rules do then pose the top 5 concerns for users in a rule by rule analysis. ampx200B Link to complete post is here [https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/]https//internetfreedom.in/indiamustresistthelureofthechinesemodelofsurveillanceandcensorshipintermediaryrulesrighttomemesaveourprivacy/ ampx200B Folks Do post any comments or questions. We really look forward to the inputs criticism and support of the Reddit India community. . World steps up to study Indias cash ban while Modi looks away. GST Intelligence Busts Rs 220Crore Fake TaxInvoices Scam. Govt moves to access and trace all unlawful content online. Centre plans a board for Vedic schools HRD minister Prakash Javadekar said the spread of Vedic education was very necessary. Ajay Devgan does a full circle and tweets about plastic pollution awareness whilst sponsored by Vimal.. Why Indias Airlines Struggle to Take Off. NRC exclusion causes distress deaths in Assam: [https//www.deccanherald.com/nrcexclusioncausesdistress709480.html]https//www.deccanherald.com/nrcexclusioncausesdistress709480.html gtDas who found himself among over 40 lakh people in Assam whose names were off the draft NRC felt deeply humiliated when a lawyer colleague taunted him as a Bangladeshi lawyer. Its bad enough that we are cursed with sadistic governments and government employees. But at least people can attempt to remain nice to one another. ampx200B. 9000 Calls 500 EMails Intercepted Every Month Under Congress Rule In 2013 Says RTI. Explore sustainable development goal sdg indicators by the States of India. Bloomberg Global Outlook 2019 All Praises for Modi: Quoting Pg 29 gt We see GDP growth continuing to recover gradually in 2019 after adjusting for base effects. gt gtStructural reforms implemented by the Modi administration in the last few years have made the economy more resilient to external shocks. gt gtDemonetization and a new indirect tax are yielding a higher taxtoGDP ratio while a new bankruptcy law is supporting a stronger credit culture and banking system. gt gtIndias improved ease of doing business ranking is boosting investor confidence. Recent joint policy measures by the government and central bank are also likely to support growth and address concerns about a liquidity crunch and strict macroprudential banking norms. gt gtWe forecast a 7.6 expansion in the fiscal year through March 2020 up from a projected 7.2 in fiscal 2019 and 6.7 in fiscal 2018. We estimate potential growth at 88.5. While every third post on reddit and FB is calling Modi Govts financial policies a disaster reports which are actually used by wall street are all bullish. Kuch gadbad hai Heres the [link to the report]https//data.bloomberglp.com/professional/sites/10/GlobalOutlook2019.pdf. Opinion There are no winners in farm loan waivers. GST rate changes: Some of the key takeaways from the changes announced which may directly affect us. ampx200B ITEMOLD RATENEW RATE Parts for the carriages for disabled persons285 Monitors and TVs upto 32 inches2818 Digital cameras2818 Power banks2818 Video game consoles2818 Pulleys Gear boxes etc.2818 Cinema tickets above 1002818 Cinema tickets below 1001812 Third party insurance premium on goods carrying vehicles 1812 ampx200B Other key points GST on cement is still 28. GST on air conditioners / dishwashers is still 28. GST on automobile parts is still 28. GST on flights for pilgrimage will now be the same as regular flights. Changes will probably be applicable from 1st Jan 2019. Todays changes will have an overall impact of 5500 crore on revenue.. Please help Stop India from becoming a surveillance state.: We did not want to ask you for help over the weekend. We really did not. But this could not wait. There has been a recent notification by the Government which activates a 2009 law allowing them to snoop on your computer. To order an ISP or a large platform to decrypt information even reroute traffic. It can gather all your digital information even requiring online providers or you to turn over any information which may be encrypted. For privacy this is a red alert. Yesterday when we got news of this we started [explaining]https//twitter.com/internetfreedom/status/1075954903279943681 with the hashtag SaveOurPrivacy over twitter which soon started trending with people outraged by this tremendous creep of surveillance power. The Reddit community has been an early supporter of this campaign you will now notice more people speaking up for SaveOurPrivacy. Many more need to join in. This is the only way we can defeat surveillance and push for legal reform as advocated by our campaign from the start. So we are asking you to do more. Call to action 1. We ask you to tweet post on facebook or instagram and spread the word on SaveOurPrivacy with a link to www.saveourprivacy.in 2. We need more explainers and content. Consider asking your favourite youtuber to do a video explainer on SaveOurPrivacy. We are happy to help them with content and give all support. Have a great Saturday night . State wise GDP contribution ranking 19802017. PSBs mopup over Rs 10000 crore from people not maintaining balance using ATMs more. The Great Bengal Famine Of 1770.. The Great Bengal Famine Of 1770.. Indias Forex Reserves Deplete By Over 613 Million. Facebook may be developing its own cryptocurrency for money transfer on WhatsApp. Hello Big Brother. Indias Assault on Central Bank Autonomy Is Just Starting.. What Raghuram Rajan feared. India shall be leading world in next two decades Mukesh Ambani Telecom News ET Telecom. India Becoming Worlds Fastest Growing Economy Shows IMF Data. Can the govt be sued for not collecting data on key issues like farmers distress suicide violence against journalists etc.: Im not really sure how many such issues the govt turned a blind eye to. What key issues do you think govt has stopped collecting data This also makes me wonder what govts priorities have been. Im sure there is a justifiable answer to these questions. However if there are no justification on why they entirely stopped data collection then can we at least sue them How can the public make the govt start data collection again on these key issues. Indias farm crisis will worsen with Earth on course to get 3 deg C warmer. Why foreign investors are losing interest in India. Huh.. Wuh... Is this for real: All computers now under govt. watch https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/allcomputersnowundergovtwatch/article25792523.ece. When can we expect GST on car to be 18: Im planning to buy Tata Tigor but suddenly a gst of 18 has been popped up. So Im wondering when its gonna happen. Should I wait for GST to get lowered . Vote for boat A recurring monsoondriven demand drives the boat economy of north Bihar.. Rural postal employees go on strike. Farm loan waiver Why economy will have sleepless nights. Politics over economics of farm loans my waiver vs your waiver. NITI Aayog targets 4 trillion economy by 202223. An IIT Teachers Assessment Of Kota And Other Coaching Classes. In Pics From History Graduate To New RBI Governor Controversies Surrounding Shaktikanta Das. 250 farmers end life after CongressJDS govt takes over. Demonetization impact Demonetisation hit growth by 2 percentage points US Study. Bulandshahr SIT Report Reveals Innocent Muslim Men were Arrested on CowSlaughter Charges. RCom shares plunge on report of govt blocking Reliance Jio deal. Nepal bans use of Indian currency notes of Rs 200 Rs 500 amp Rs 2000. Companies insisting on Aadhaar to face Rs 1 crore fine jail for staff. RBI officers protest over promotion policy. Not Loan waivers the Governments should take serious steps to improve the conditions of Indian farmers.: 58 of our 130 crore people are directly dependent on agriculture. However the average annual income of a farmer household is only about 1100. So per capita would be about 210 where our national per capita income is 2000. Source Dalwai committee report http//agricoop.nic.in/doublingfarmers Only about 50 of that income is actually from agriculture. There are also wide regional differences like the average income of a farming family in Panjab is about 4.5 times of more than the farming families of Bihar or WB. Most of these farmers are vulnerable to climate change and related issues. It could be disastrous to millions of people if anything serious could not be done for improve their conditions. Farm loan waivers are not permanent solutions. Steps should be taken like a improving irrigation systems by digging more canals improving existing canal networks tanks ponds water bodies and rain water harvesting. b Building vast networks of cold storage systems. c Inspiring and helping start up companies to use digital technologies to sell farm products directly to the consumers eliminating the middle men. d Funding Agriculture researches to improve farm productivities and innovation of new GE crops suitable for changing climate patterns. e Helping farmers to be more educated regarding modern farming methods. f Developing food processing industries. g Increasing the production of exportable farming products like organic vegetables fruits tea coffee spices edible oil etc. h Modifying archaic rules regarding agricultural marketing which harms the farmers. i Improving rural road and communication infrastructures. i By generating jobs in the manufacturing sectors the number of dependent families on agricultural lands should be reduced to increase average farm land sizes per family. In that way if inflation adjusted 12 growth per annum per farming family could be generated their real income would be tripled after a decade. It would drag millions out of the poverty traps. The rural areas would become more prosperous. There would be growth of many secondary rural businesses. A lots of rural jobs would be created checking migrations towards the big cities. Lot of new consumers would be created making Indian economy much stronger. What do you think . Indian regulator says Reuters report on JampampJ baby powder under consideration. Demonetisation slowed Indias growth when world economy was growing Raghuram Rajan. Modi Govt Collected Over Rs 4000 Crore as Swachh Bharat Cess Even After Abolishing It. Hyderabad Pin Code Details Postal Codes List of Hyderabad District India. Indian Regulator Says Reuters Report on JampJ Baby Powder Under Consideration. Cabinet gives nod to make Aadhaar voluntary for mobile bank accounts. Heres why Shaktikanta Das appointment is good news for financial markets. Laws to be amended to let private firms use Aadhaar. Aadhaar To Be Voluntary For Banking Phones. Centre Takes First Step. Aadhaar Card in Assam How to get Aadhar in Assam Easily [Updated]. The WTO Ruled Against Indias Booming Solar Program. PM Modi announces 1.4 billion aid to bail out Maldives from economic crisis. The numbers game The Hindu. Kumbh Mela gets a control centre and new airport complex. Is One Countrys Trash Another Countrys Treasure What Happened When China Banned the Import of Waste Plastic:  Since 1950 the word has produced 8.3 billion tons of plastic and 322 million in 2015 alone. Plastic utensils and other waste is filling up our landfills and choking our oceans. Plastic can only be properly recycled after being sorted and graded a labor intensive process that most wealthy consumers are unwilling to do. As a result tens of millions of tons of plastic waste are exported to China where this plastic is recycled and repurposed. The plastic recycling may have solved environmental problems in wealthy nations but created new ones in China. The plastic imported that could not be recycled was often dumped into Chinas streets and rivers and between 1015 of Chinas plastic waste originated in the developed world. Moreover the acrid fumes and toxic byproducts of plastic recycling damage the environment. Wenan the city at the center of Chinas plastic recycling industry is one of the most polluted in China. To solve these problems China effectively banned the import of plastic waste in 2017 creating a host of problems for the rest of the world. It is estimated that 111 million tons of plastic worth 7 billion need to be redirected to make up for the loss of Chinese markets and over three quarters of worlds plastic waste exports once went to China . Some of this plastic was redirected to other markets although it is unlikely any set of countries can replace the central role placed by China. Imports of plastic waste to Indonesia have increased by 56 doubled to Vietnam and increased 10 fold in Thailand. Malaysia has emerged as the largest importer of plastic importing an estimated 160 million tons of plastic waste more than any other country in the world. However the same environmental problems of recycling plastic has overwhelmed these countries. Malaysia and Thailand will ban the import of plastic by 2021 and it is likely over time other countries will follow suit. Much of the plastic once sent to China is accumulating in warehouses and recycling centers in wealthy nations and no one knows what to do with it. The Chinese government banned the import of waste paper in addition to waste plastic. The economics of paper recycling are similar to that of plastic. China once imported 5 billion worth of waste paper roughly half of the worlds total. However unlike with plastic India is increasingly replacing China in waste paper imports. Indian imports of waste paper have doubled since 2007 and thanks to Chinas ban are expected to more than double in 2018. Much of the labor intensive process of sorting and grading waste paper happens in the slums of Indian cities where wages are low and environmental standards lower. The most famous slum based recycling center is that of Dharavi made famous by the movie Slumdog Millionaire but it is hardly the only such recycling hub in India. After grading and sorting the paper is sent to paper mills where it is converted into newspapers and packaging. It is expected that by 2025 two thirds of all the paper mill feedstock will come from recycled sources much of this imported from abroad. Selected Sources [The Chinese import ban and its impact on global plastic waste trade]http//advances.sciencemag.org/content/4/6/eaat0131.fullEFBBBF [www.wealthofnationspodcast.com]https//www.wealthofnationspodcast.com/ [http//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/India\\Dharavi.mp3]http//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/IndiaDharavi.mp3. India inflation rate since 2012: ampx200B [https\/\/tradingeconomics.com\/india\/inflationcpi]https//i.redd.it/wwv1jnjn4s421.jpg. Challenges in Indian Industrial growth in 21st Century. PostGST you save Rs 320 on monthly spend of Rs 8400. Mastercard to start deleting data of Indian cardholders from global servers. Clean Chit Misfires Nation flies into Rafale riddle as verdict lists mysterious CAG report and PAC examination The Telegraph. PM Modi launches development projects worth over Rs 1000 crore at Rae Bareli in UP. EPL Liverpool vs Manchester United A prematch report. The state of the Rafale clean chit Govt says it made a typo in its submission to Supreme Court that pricedetails shared with CAG and CAG report reviewed by PAC Cartoon. Airtel Vodafone and other Telecom operators Delhi Circle: Companies are forcing people into doing validity recharges and Airtel in my case has started deducting money from my main balance too without my consent to give a validity extension for 30 days. This Airtel sim was supposed to come with lifetime validity and i cant find a single operator who gives you permanent sim validity on just basic top up recharges. And im up for porting my number into any operator who you know gives me just incoming and outgoing because i dont make phone calls much and neither do i use mobile internet. Seems like these companies are doing just to push people into JIO like service i agree profit and customer base is the Motive here but what about ppl who are just common light users and dont want to recharge for 500 bucks every three months. These guys can come up with a validity recharges for a year or two.. but forcing everyone to recharge every month just to keep you mobile number active is just not fair thats what i think. This number was my permanent one had linked it with my banks and everything now i have no idea what to do. Port any suggestions. And anyone else facing this issue mostly people from the Delhi circle do share an opinion. Thank you . How to Apply for Aadhaar Card Easily [Updated] Register For Aadhar. How to report SMS spammers using disposable numbers: I religiously report spam. However Ive noticed that spammers are using disposable phone numbers to spam while including a different number in the actual message. Its pretty clear the spammer fully expects the spamming number to be blocked while retaining the number in the message. How do we report the number included in the message as well. data for income measures: Where can I get median household income data for India 1990 present Basically I am looking for any measure of income other than GDP or GNI. More of an actual income measure than productivity measures. Any one has any ideas. Top 10 countries with the most GDP from 1960 to 2017. How Britain stole 45 trillion from India: https//www.reddit.com/r/Economics/comments/a6fmvl/howbritainstole45trillionfromindia/stJPPPECKCampsh4d2294cf Ive long maintained that India built the western world and now there is research to prove it. From being either a 1 or 2 economy for over 2000 years India and China ruled the roost India was brought to its knees and looted by the British. What I find sad is the changing attitudes in India embracing the toxic western culture and habits that their ancestors paid for and now the west is embracing the Eastern way of life. Yet again the west is duping the east and were loving it.. New RBI Chiefs Appointment Could Unleash Financial Terror Shiv Sena. Rafale judgment Govt moves SC seeking correction in para which makes reference to CAG report PAC. India Post ventures in ecommerce to support rural artisans. lndia Post ventures in ecommerce to support rural artisans. No bail even if cannabis HP MLAs say yes many doubtful. ISL 201819 Chennaiyin vs Delhi Dynamos A prematch report. Gujarat Cows to raise funds for their own welfare. We are not spies French journalist booked by Tamil Nadu Police dismisses trespassing charge. Jules Giraudat also says two Indian reporters on police radar did not help him and his colleague enter restricted area in Kanyakumari.. Report on toxic talc worries India. Demonetisation Centre says it has not studied or assessed economic impact of the decision. Wheres the CAG report Rahul. A recent economic research shows that British drainedan euphemism 45 trillion from India during its colonial rule. Its more than 17 times the GDP of current Day UK.. Farm loan waiver should not form part of poll promises says Raghuram Rajan writes to Election Commission Firstpost. Karnataka govt likely to exempt IT sector from Employment Act. ISL 201819 FC Goa vs NorthEast United A prematch report. Come June industries must pay for using groundwater. Niti Aayog meet Economists call for rate cut strides to help liquidity. How Working Women Can Make India SIGNIFICANTLY RICHER. Aadhaar Paperless Local eKYC How to Generate for Offline Data Verification. India 201819: [removed]. India Revokes Passports Of 33 NRIs For Abandoning Wives Women And Child Development Ministry. Arvind Subramanian says Indian economy is in for a slowdown Business Today. India under Modi carried out some really fundamental reforms IMF chief economist. The Tech Diary Of An ICT Geek: [removed]. New RBI Governor Govt runs country economy need to have free fair discussions with it. What happened to the taxes on fuel: Since the NDA govt. took over Crude prices have taken a fall and have never quite recovered their old prices. But the taxes on fuel prices have been increased and so the price at the pump has not changed much. Where was this money spent by the govt. ampx200B A part of this must have been spent on recovering the subsidies that were spent when the crude price was high. Does that account for all of it If not what are the main areas in which the govt. spending has increased as compared to the earlier regime. Shaktikanta Das as RBI governor is catastrophic.: I am literally depressed ever since I heard the appointment. I cant stress enough how bad this is. Urijit Patel though having bowed down at the time of demo. not only put his foot down but also stuck out his neck for the reforms initiated by RR. Being in the related field I could tell you the economist troika of RR UP and viral Acharya was the best thing that could happen to India. While RR brought precision in clarity and clinical precision in Income recognition norms Patel appended it and furthered the cause with religious fervour. To the point it was frustrating to the industry. But these were the bitter pills necessary for holistic cleaning of the banking system rot. Yes bank HDFC ICICI were literally on their knees for relaxation in such norms even their bosss bonuses were withheld due to violation of norms. Viral Acharya has fought tooth and nail over relaxation of PCA norms only to see it watered down just when it could have all got better must hurt. It must hurt every indian. They are the pride of the nation and RBI andeft their stalwart career to work tirelessly for the betterment unlike the Dramebaaz who is so fucking clueless I had no idea. Banks have been known to rig the system every now and then public ones more so where RBI doesnt have the same ambit of power as it holds over the private sector and so you can tell by their relative performances and growth. RR bought inflation targeting to India with Urijit Patel himself spearheading the committee and has been since then able to contain inflation as it should be. Coming to the reserves they are not even actual reserves this govt. is so myopic. More than half is on account of revaluation of exchange rate and gold price. The other being accumulated over the year over the course of number of governments which this particular govt. shamelessly putting a claim on. This is an attack on the sensibilities of the common man. This is what happens when you put an illiterate on the pedestal he will fuck you over. This is no rocket science. People at least the educated ones should know by their experience. Try dealing with someone you count as stupid in your day to day life. And now extrapolate the fuck out it to countrys top man. I am not even bringing Shaktikanta Dass credentials anything is dismal in front of such league of extraordinary people. But what makes Shaktikanta dangerous is his display of loyal tailwagging in the face of demo. and GST. He would have had such an unremarkable career had it not been for Modi govt. He was the guy who suggested people be put indelible ink after withdrawing money during demo. I mean come on. We have come a long way back people and this backward bullet train doesnt seem to stop. Not even in 2019. . Earn money on instagram Best ways to make money On Instagram Tips For Hindi. Hindus Sikhs from other countries should be given citizenship without any documents Meghalaya HC. ENSURE portal to ensure livestock subsidies under DBT. The new RBI governer.. Shaktikanta Das appointed as new RBI Governor:  Former finance secretary and current member of the Finance Commission Shaktikanta Das has been appointed as the Governor of Reserve Bank of India RBI. [Read More]https//www.varindia.com/news/shaktikantadasappointednewrbigovernor. 759 stone pelting incidents reported in JampK in 2018 MHA. Railways to run special trains to Kumbh Mela in January. Ecologically Sensitive Areas of India Everything You Need To Know. States classified according to their performance.. OMG I just Register for FPSCFleet Professional Smart Card Just in 1000/ INR Validity 1 year I got professional amp social benefits.. Save the Children India Child Sex Ratio in India Progress and the Way Forward. India Chooses the Man Who Led Demonetization as Next Central Bank Governor. State economy has doubled in last 4 years. Modis lieutenant during demonetisation is now Indias central banker. From today the Indian Air Force will be engaged in an air exercise with the US Airforce in Eastern India and another air exercise with the Russian Air Force in Western India. The height of strategic diplomacy and the success of Indias nonalignment policy.:  Along with that the Indian army will be conducting a military exercise with the Chinese Army in Chengdu China. And last week Indian Airforce did an air exercise with Japan over Northern India. While Indian Navy will be engaging Russian Navy at Vishakapatnam in a naval exercise.. Shaktikanta Das Modi Govts PointMan for Demonetisation is New RBI Governor. Thoughts on this. Shaktikanta Das appointed as new RBI Governor. Shaktikanta Das appointed new RBI governor. ISL 201819 Pune City vs Goa A prematch report. Congress Leads In 3 States. Economist Surjit Bhalla resigns from PMs economic advisory council. Shahs jibe at Manmohan A chaiwala did a better job of running the country than an economist. Eminent economist Surjit Bhalla resigns from EACPM. Economist Surjit Bhalla has resigned from PMEAC Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister.. Resigning officials must stop the personal reasons bullcrap.: As some suggested reposting from my earlier comment on another post that was removed. gt Context Urijit Patel the RBI governor resigned yesterday amid speculations of rift with the Central govt. Following a long trend of high ranking resignations in the last few years he also has cited personal reasons in his resignation. I was just typing a similar post about these personal reasons. What are these officers even scared of Why cant they be vocal about why they are resigning Im not worried about the political implications of their resignations. People are not stupid. They KNOW why officials resign citing personal reasons. However being vocal about their reasons gives these officers a chance to point out the institutional lacunae. Politics apart we need strong institutions and even stronger people heading these institutions. Bringing out the shortcomings of their respective institutional positions is a great service to the nation. It gives policy makers a chance to correct them. It is easy to dodge the bullet and say Im just gonna quit. We need people at the helm whod say Fck it Come what may imma defend this institution and the Constitutional values it stands for. But if you do want to quit quit responsibly. And dont frigging come back years later on media with your insightful whining you know thats why I had quit.. How Vedantas Goa port modernisation spurred a dubious Sagarmala investment. The Future of IndoAmerican Relations From Convergence to Cooperation.. RBI Governor Urjit Patel steps down citing personal reasons. The end of the road for Urjit.... Urjit departs... citing that old cherub personal reasons. Caption this. Winter Session is here A sansad update from SaveOurPrivacy: The winter session of parliament will start on December 11 2018 in which important legislative business on privacy will be conducted across three key legislations. Read on the status for each one of them. The Data Protection Bill which has been on everyones mind and what SaveOurPrivacy is primarily about is not listed in the tentative legislative agenda for either the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha. We have also checked with some sources who say it is unlikely to come up. Irrespective of this we are prepared in case of any last minute changes even as we have informed that work on it has been put on the backburner. Why Read on. We have been told and some [press reports]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/soonallaadhaarholdersmaygetopportunitytooptout/article25675295.ece also seem to indicate as much that the Government is working on a range of amendments to the Aadhaar Act including the most mischievous reintroduction of its use by private entities which was struck down by the Supreme Court as unconstitutional. We will keep a close watch on this to ensure that the purposeless use of Aadhaar is not permitted [our position on Aadhaar]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/howdoestheindianprivacycode2018dealwithaadhaar. Much more urgently... in the last session the DNA Profiling Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha. Some MPs even filed notices for opposition. Now it is listed for consideration and passing. There is a real danger that this illthought out proposal can become a law. Without a credible privacy law such as the Indian Privacy Code 2018 in place. To increase awareness and parliamentary engagement we will tomorrow publish a detailed analysis on what are the top problems with the DNA Profiling Bill. Call to action 1. If you work in a legislators office and want to reach out to us please do ping us on [contactsaveourprivacy.in]mailtocontactsaveourprivacy.in. We can help provide context and brief lawmakers with expert knowledge on privacy and data protection. 2. Call your MP on these legislations find out who by using [MyNeta]http//www.myneta.info/ and the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha websites. A phone call is incredibly effective in putting your view across to them as a voter. 3. [Donate generously]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/ to IFF which powers SaveOurPrivacy. More money means more resources in this long fight to win on privacy.. Urjit Patel steps down amid rift with government. Urjit Patel resigns as the RBI Governor. IAS academy in Chennai. Indias growth very solid says IMF Chief Economist. Supreme Court issues notice to the state governments of Jharkhand Tamil Nadu Gujarat Andhra Pradesh and Telangana on a plea filed by activist Medha Patkar challenging amendments made by the states to the Land Acquisition Act 2013.. NHAI may not get many bids for toll roads. Even Heinous/Brutal Crimes May Not Be Rarest Of Rare SC. Poverty in India would paying the poor directly work: India is full with millions very poor people. So many people are suffering in abject poverty while some are enjoying lavish lifestyles. If we could not solve that problem soon it would create social unrest very soon. Here is a plan came from my idle mind and I am here to share it with you. Warning Too long to read. The plan is paying the poor directly some money. How much Our per capita GDP is about 2000 USD and if we allocate 1/5th of it per family it would be 400 usd per poor family per year. Its a Universal Basic Income with 50 universality. 50 of our total households translates to about 130 million familiesaverage about 5 people /family . So the total cost to GDP ratio would be 2. How to do it Surely it would very difficult to implement such an ambitious project successfully but it can be done if we want. At first a proper socioeconomic survey is required the real income and wealth of every citizen. We need to properly target the poorer half of our population. 100 foolproof system is not possible but a 90 accuracy is expected. After identifying the families the money should be transferred to the bank account of a female member. It is observed that most females of the poor families tend to spend such money for the wellbeing of the family while males most often spend it in alcohol and gambling. The amount should be same for each family inspite of family size. So the smaller families would be better off with the UBI. Source of Funding The Survey should identify the rich guys who dont pay taxes. We could tax them. We should also seal the loopholes to curb tax avoidance by rich desi businessmen and big corporations. We can also get money by reducing unproductive government spendings. Pros 400 usd per year is Rs 28550 in todays exchange rate. Rs 28k per family per annum extra income would drag most of them out of the poverty line. It would give the poor people a safety net. It would revitalize the rural economy. As a result the overall economic progress of the nation would become faster. Extra spending due to that money would create millions of jobs. Security of UBI would give the poorest of our nation extra bargaining power. So it would reduce the exploitation of the poor. A smaller family would benefit more than a larger one as the amount would be same. It would encourage the poor to keep the family small. So it would check population explosion. Human trafficking slavery and sexual exploitation of little girls would be reduced as all of these are linked with dire poverty. Buying votes by giving the poor some cheap gifts or a 100 rupee note would become much difficult. Less beggars and such people. Extra income would inspire the poor to send the kids to schools. Reduction of crime. Empowerment of women. Cons The expenditure would be great. There would be a some people who would pocket the benefits not meant for them. Even with an 1 error there would be such 1.3 million undeserving families. Lets debate.. What ails India Indians and the Indian government: I want to address some of the a common issue here which is to blame most things on our corrupt society it is our population growth etc. I am not an Indian but I have travelled to India many times. I have also lived in India for periods of time. I read news about India regularly. I can speak Hindi. I live in the Bay Area and I have many Indian and Pakistani friends. I say all these things not to suggest that I have qualifications but rather to fend off any accusations of racism or prejudice which always seem to rise when an outsider makes comments. First Indian society is not some alien thing that was handed from heaven. It rises from the particular combination of governmental form you have chosen and the preexisting cultural norms of Indians. In the long run society is nothing but the sum total of people logically responding to the incentives their society sets up for them. You have chosen for yourselves an overwhelmingly large state which controls everything and yet does nothing. The people of India it seems to me are forced to eke a living in the cracks and niches of the economy while the state dominates everything. This would not be a problem if you had a decent state. But your state was set up a long time ago. Its structures were designed for a colonial master. You didnt adjust the incentives. Your government institutions and the officers within them have a psychology of the extractive colonial mastersi.e. zero sum mentalitynot the mentality of a beneficient gardner or guardian. Although we complain about the state in California and we think we understand how bad government is we really dont have much idea about how bad India is until we go to India and actually work with the public health care system in India. If you search my old reddit posts youll see a few posts where I describe what I witnessed in Indian healthcare. I saw cruelty that was at the limits of my imagination. The sort of things I would expect in Charles Dickens style Victorian novels ... but in the modern day. Horrific things. Immoral things. And yet the people doing these things were not immoral or horrific. Well not in the conventional sense. They were raised up in institutions where routinely treating people worse than cattle is the culture. Where did this culture come from I dont know the origins but I can tell you what maintains the culture. It is the lack of accountability. And there is no accountability because people dont see a better alternative is possible. And they cant see a better alternative is possible because there is no competition. Everywhere in society there must be competition and destruction of the corrupt and old. India venerates the old too much. It venerates old institutions and culture too much. It venerates parents and religion too much. Every attempt to introduce new varieties of healthcare solutions is stymied by some combination of old government interests old men with power or old unions. I cannot even collect and provide blood from a private blood bank in a remote area although maternal hemorrhage might be very common in the area. The government will make some reason about how I might give AIDS blood to patients and will stop me from doing that. Leave aside the fact that they dont provide any blood at all and maybe some people would not mind the risk of AIDS if it means not dying ... but what about the fact that we can demonstrate that our testing is much better than government testing. It doesnt matter. They wont evaluate our testing without a bribe. And then another bribe will be necessary to take into account the fact that our test is satisfactory etc. Why do people demand bribes Because their salaries are pathetic. Why are the salaries pathetic Because the institutions can pay them some pittance and they dont have an alternative job they can choose so the salaries dont rise. Why are there no alternative jobs Because the government dominates the economy and there is not much private enterprise to give alternative employment. The domination of 1 Billion people by one institution with no competition cannot be a healthy thing for any society. The mighty Soviet Union collapsed trying to centralize everything. Why is India still trying Nehrus failed dream of running everything from Delhi People think the economy and the morals are two separate things. They arent. They are linked. Indians in California are as moral as any other people. Maybe a few who come directly from India are a bit immoral but their kids become as moral as any Americans after one generation. They just respond to the fact that obeying the rules pays you here. In India you get punished if you play by the rules. You cant make it. Everyone around you is breaking the rules. If you are a clerk in a hospital and someone comes for medicine and you dont ask for a bribe maybe that means your own kids wont get a proper education ... because you have to pay for a private school after all since the government school is garbage and anyway requires a bribe. Why are government institutions so worthless Its because no institution can endure without corruption and calcification for an extended period of time. You have to disrupt every institution internally. For private companies this comes by way of bankruptcy merger or acquisition. Sometimes the board will reorganize the company internally prior to those drastic measures ... but thats rare. Govt. of India has had ZERO shakeups and reorganizations. Its still operating like British Raj style. Have you ever gone to meet a senior IAS officer Do you see the army of clerks waiting outside their offices. I dont mean 4 or 5 clerks. Im telling you there are DOZENS of clerks. Maybe hundreds. WTF are these people all doing with their monitors and keyboards Nobody fucking knows. If you took all those salaries and gave it to one guy he would be a decent guy and he would do decent work without a bribe. And the rest of those people could go find work in the private sector which would grow once the government stopped raping it every day.. About womensafety Sumitra says reports focus on negativity. Jobs admissions 97 of Central OBC quota benefits go to just under 25 of its castes. Google Microsoft Facebook WhatsApp Join Centre In Massive Porn Cleanup. Mass deletion of voter names reported in Telangana polls Chief Electoral Officer Rajat Kumar accepted that many voters could indeed not exercise their right and said that a mistake had been made for which he apologised to the public.. mAadhaar How to Download / Use mAadhaar App on Mobile Easily [Updated]. Whats up India. Does anyone here feel tired amp sick of Farm Loan Waivers: [removed]. MP More CCTV malfunctions reported in strongrooms holding EVMs. 17 of 20 fastest growing cities in the World will be from India. Cow Carcass Found in Bulandshahr Was 48 Hours Old Mob Wanted Clash With Muslims Top Cops Report. Swimming Pool Manufacturer in Jalandhar. Does the Middle class adjust the most to survive in India: Do you believe that Middle class has to adjust to everything from monthly groceries to childrens education Only few policies address middle class woes Middle class pays taxes and is made to beg for remedies of their problems for years Most middle class is honest but is taken advantage of Middle class has to shell out the most money to survive the only power middle class has is their voting right but that is also divided along religious and caste lines . Scope of principalagent relationship in gst. Follow on Twitter to earn in Indian Stock Markets: [removed]. India Sweeps Top Ten in List of Worlds FastestGrowing Cities. PAN card rules get an upgradation here are the new rules. Understanding TRAIs most recent OverTheTop Consultation Paper SaveTheInternet NetNeutrality: This is a public analysis for TRAIs Consultation Paper on OTT \[OverTheTop\] Consultation released on November 12 2018. OTT is an acronym that sounds dull dry and technical we suspect just so that our eyes glaze over it and we stop paying attention. But this matters as this consultation has the potential for important regulatory changes that will impact how you use your internet platforms and services in future. Even Reddit. So we ask you to pay attention. This consultation is important to all of us. ampx200B Read [our public analysis here]https//internetfreedom.in/understandingtraismostrecentoverthetopconsultationpapersavetheinternetnetneutrality/ which also includes a guide for participation. Remember the last date to send in comments is December 10 2018. . Fastest growing cities in the world from 2019 to 2035. Indias Currency Swap Deal with UAE to strengthen Trade Ties. EPL 201819 Manchester United vs Arsenal Prematch report. Govt notifies dualfuel usage for agri machinery amp construction equipment. RBI Keeps Repo Rate Unchanged at 6.5 Reserve Repo Rate at 6.25 in Monetary Policy Review. Rajdeep Sardesai on parliament attack reporting it was great we closed the gate so no one else could enter we are like vultures we feed on these moments. Doubling of Farmers Income Is it even Possible: [removed]. GamingBytes Rockstar to balance Red Dead Online economy. Regulations on sale of animals: Hey does someone know about the laws that regulate buying of pets from shelters and catteries Any information on what registration/licences they require what is the standard of care such places need to maintain if they can be sued under consumer protection laws or on grounds of fraud and malpractice for not disclosing all information about the animal theyre selling for profit etc would be really appreciated. . NorthEast United vs Bengaluru FC A prematch report. Exclusive Incentivising hybrids is like taking three steps backwards says Tata Motors MD. RBI Policy Meet Today Governors First Response On Autonomy Row Likely. Urbanization in India is lagging behind: If we compare the urbanization over the past 500 years India has been [left behind]https//ourworldindata.org/grapher/urbanizationlast500years on this front. I would tend to think that this has huge implications when it comes to human development and improving peoples lot in general. . Percentage of food imported by various countries xpost from r/MapPorn. Cargill India appoints Simon George as President. Hi Im Milan Vaishnav and you can Ask Me Anything beginning at 9 am EST/730 pm IST: Hi my name is Milan Vaishnav. Im a senior fellow and director of the South Asia program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Im also the director of our India Elects 2019 initiative more details here [https//carnegieendowment.org/specialprojects/indiaelects2019/]https//carnegieendowment.org/specialprojects/indiaelects2019/ which looks at the trends shaping Indias 17th general election. In the past few years Ive authored or edited books on money and muscle in Indian politics [https//carnegieendowment.org/2017/01/24/whencrimepaysmoneyandmuscleinindianpoliticspub66205]https//carnegieendowment.org/2017/01/24/whencrimepaysmoneyandmuscleinindianpoliticspub66205 campaign finance in India [https//carnegieendowment.org/2018/05/25/costsofdemocracypoliticalfinanceinindiapub76399]https//carnegieendowment.org/2018/05/25/costsofdemocracypoliticalfinanceinindiapub76399 and Indias public institutions [https//carnegieendowment.org/2017/04/21/rethinkingpublicinstitutionsinindiapub68221]https//carnegieendowment.org/2017/04/21/rethinkingpublicinstitutionsinindiapub68221. Id be happy to talk about these or any other subjects during this AMA. I look forward to the conversation. ampx200B \ Milan. AFTER THE MARCH FARMERS ON THEIR WAY HOME FROM DELHI SPEAK OF ANGER HOPE AND BLEAK FUTURES: [removed]. ISL 201819 Kerala Blasters vs Jamshedpur Prematch report. An incremental victory in the Rajasthan HC against Internet Shutdowns. What we learn from ImplantFiles Indian ExpressICIJ investigation into the world of dodgy medical devices Mints Macroeconomic tracker. Time To Back PM Modi All Those Trying To Keep Peace US Message To Pak. November 2018 Car Sales Snapshot. 56 Indians still dont have a health cover. Are oil prices on the boil again. India China JAI Japan America India Trilateral partnership okay if it promotes peace China. can a person be tracked with new phone and new sim but with same aadhar card details that of old sim For total anonymity: [removed]. IMPORTANT If you think that someone is misusing your Aadhaar Card maybe the Cybercafe Guy or some close friend then you can easily Prevent the Missuse of Aadhaar Card by following this method.. Neros Guests by P Sainath. ISL 201819 Delhi Dynamos vs Mumbai City Prematch report. Under fire NITI Aayog says was told to look at GDP back series data. Rahul Jain is a Bollywood playback singer music composer songwriter and a live performer. He did his Bollywood debut with Fever starring Rajeev Khandelwal amp Gauhar Khan in 2016.. Aadhar Card Update/Correction Address Mobile Number Email ID Picture Name DOB Gender Aadhaar Card. Can someone ELI5 the whole NDA v UPA GDP issue that is going on right now: I tried to read up on it but couldnt understand it. Can someone do an ELI5 Thanks.. The GDP wars.. OP Rawat Note ban had absolutely no impact on black money. During polls we seized a record amount. India to host G20 summit in 2022 PM Modi. Employment through pseudosciences. The effect of banning them.: [removed]. Making Indian Politics Less Corrupt An Idea: Hey guys I am back with my idle ideas about making India a better place. Lets kill some time and debate about it. Warning Too Long. Everyone knows that most of our politicians are too corrupt. With so much corruption in political parties its totally impossible to make our country corruption free. Why most our politicians are so corrupt Give someone too much power without sufficient remuneration he/she will be corrupt in most cases. Now if there is almost zero chance of punishment 99.9 will become corrupt. A political leader has no source of legitimate money to become rich. However in a country like India even a petty leader without any office is way too powerful. So we need to curb their power and/or give them some legit way to earn money. Our political leaders are professionals yet it is supposed to be a voluntary service. If the political leaders are not paid by the people someone with money will pay them and they will work for him. It is as simple as 224. To reduce corruption in politics we need to pay the political parties from government funds. In a complex country like India a good politician is way way more important than a good doctor or engineer. Thats why we should attract some of the best talents in politics. How to pay them Here is a plan to pay the political parties. In the general election of 2014 the vote share of the largest 5 parties were roughly 31.34 19.52 3.84 2.55 and 1.71. The difference is too much and the biggest too would get the lions share if we give them money by only vote percentages. So some more complex system is needed. There are 7 national parties and 51 recognised state parties in India. We have about 90 crore voters in India and if we assign rs 140 close to 1 of per capita income per voter then the total becomes Rs 12600. If we divide it among the state parties each would get close to Rs 250 crore per annum. Now if we share same amount of money with the national parties then each will get Rs 1800 crore per year. Now if everyone gets the same amount then whats the point of winning an election So there should be some performance based shares too. Now there are 4120 legislative assembly seats in India. So we can distribute 25200 crores 2 of per capita per voter more here. So each party will get Rs 6 crore per MLA per year. We can double the amount for an MP seat. So the cost would be 545 x 12 Rs 3270 crore. So the Total Cost to the public fund would be Rs 12600 x 225200 3270 Rs 53 670 crore. Now calculate how much money the BJP party would get. They are national party 1800 cr 268 MP 1608 cr 1515 MLA 9090 cr Rs 12498 cr. INC 1800 cr 49 MP 588 cr 721 MLA 4326 cr Rs 6714 cr. Now consider a small party like AAP. They are a state party 250 cr 4 MP 48 cr 85 MLA 510 cr Rs 808 cr. Not bad I think. Now its an example there could be other better models too. There should be an independent constitutional board to look after the system and resolve disputes. Donations Donations to a political party should only be made through the board. It could be done via bank or online. The maximum donation amount should be capped at Rs 10000. The donations should be checked and audited carefully. Other Incomes The parties could sell news papers banners Tshirts with slogans caps etc to earn money. It should also be monitored to check black money. Spending The parties should spend the money for election campaigns and to pay their leaders and members. They should also employ regular salaried staffs and professionals. Careful audit by the powerful and independent board is required to make it successful. Pros and Cons If that system could be implemented successfully it could reduce the amount of black money in politics. As the political leaders would be paid by the public money it should also make them more responsible to public. It could also create many jobs. A politician could get handsome salary and peerks from his/her party all clean and white money. As a result many educated and qualified people would join politics. Hopefully it would also reduce the number of criminals in politics. Tldr To curb black money and corruption in politics the parties should be paid from the public funds. The share of money would be based on status and performance. . President of India Inaugurates CIIs 13th Agro Tech India. TAFE launches tractor rental App JFarm in Jharkhand. How To Apply For Aadhaar Card For Kids/Children Easily Baal Aadhaar Aadhaar Card. Fiscal deficit exceeds fullyear target in just seven months.  . Farmers Protest Brings Rahul Gandhi Arvind Kejriwal On Same Stage. Whether ITC allowed on Mechanical and Electrical Works in GST Click to know whether ITC is allowed on Mechanical and Electrical Work.. gst taxjig. India Checking Report ILampFS Employees Held Hostage by Staff in Ethiopia. Soon Youll Be Able To Travel From Mumbai To UAE By An Underwater Train. Faulty hip implants JampJ payout formula may set template for other damages suits. Demography along Pakistan border changing BSF flags concerns. India is now a world leader in renewable energy . Indias worldbeating economic growth cools as credit crunch hurts. Brazil Russia India China and South Africa BRICS have table discussion in Buenos Aires Modi speaks to Xi and Putin there. Is it possible to remove my phone number and email ID from Aadhar: I was a stupid during my early years to just follow all governments rules. Aadhar was one of them. I linked my primary phone number and email address to Aadhar. It feels like that citizens should have a phone or email to have Aadhar so they can avail benefits of government. No I do not want such an ID. So how to I permanently remove them from Aadhar I do not want to change number or email.. Crown Prince Mohammed Abdulaziz Deputy Prime Minister has met in Buenos Aires Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to discuss an array of issues including political security economic investment agricultural energy cultural and technological fields SPA said.. Reporters In Indian Ocean Jarawa tribe risks dying out A good news documentary about The Jarawas. Reporters In Indian Ocean Jarawa tribe risks dying out A very good news documentary about The Jarawas [NP]. GDP Growth Slows To 7.1 Against 8.2 In Previous Quarter. Stock market report Sensex completes best month since July. December 1 8 Major Changes That Could Affect Your Daily Life From Tomorrow. [DEADLINE] SBI account holder Heres why you may be denied internet banking from tomorrow: [removed]. Ground Report of Kisan Mukti March in Delhi Prime Time With Ravish Kumar. Help the TRAI set its digital priorities for 2019: [removed]. The truth about Indias GDP. Uttarakhand to start gotra tourism prepare logos for each gotra. 1/3 of worlds stunted kids are from India says report. Floating solar project Shapoorji Pallonji bags countrys first largescale floating solar project. Arvind Subramanians comment on demonetisation Why do economists keep mum on critical issues till they retire. Report Spotify might launch in India within six months. Modi has arrived at the G20 in Argentina. Decoding Arvind Subramanians stand on demonetization Did exCEA ever support noteban Latest News amp Updates at DNAIndia.com. Govt revises historical data to boost current gdp growth. The Future of the Internet is Indian. Demonetisation was a draconian monetary shock. India to export fish meal and fish oil to China. Struggles Of New IIT Kanpur Faculty Member Puts Caste Discrimination Centre Stage. The point being that UPAs cronyism got us the NPA problem whereas NDAs cronyism helped us get a proper and stable economy . Cronyism is indispensable. You choose whos cronyism is better .. Note Ban a Massive Draconian Monetary Shock Exchief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian. Conditions of new notes within just two years of printing. AcheDin. Interim Budget to be presented on Feb. 1. Demonetisation Is A Draconian Monetary Shock ExChief Economic Advisor. Invisible Hands in Agriculture: [removed]. Now New Official GDP Math Says Growth Under UPA Was Actually Slower Than Recorded. Friend got caught trying to score some weed. Cops beat him to pulp and tell his parents that he is a worthless junkie.: So this happened yesterday in Hyderabad. The police deployed a rat trap with a dealer and my friend fell prey. My friend isnt hardcore or a repeat offender. He does it maybe like once a month tops. He has some mental issues and uses it to calm his anxieties. And from what Ive seen it has helped him a lot more than talking to a therapist Many therapists Ive seen here are garbage anyway. First things first WHY THE FUCK isnt weed legal at least as an effective medical/psychological treatment Secondly I realize that no matter how much I question the governments stance on weed the fact still remains that it is illegal and getting caught in the act would most definitely cause some legal trouble. But does it warrant a full fledged physical torture by the police just the kind of treatment that you would hand over to a murderer They even asked him why he does it and he told them he uses it to counter his mental issues. And guess what They reply Youre going to have more mental issues now and trash him even more after that. After the physical torture was over they run through his phone to find if he had contacts with any other dealers or sells it himself to anyone else. He comes clean. Next they call his parents to the place and tell them that their son is a junkie and needs to go to a drug rehabilitation center. The whole thing is fucked up. So coming to my questions 1. Can the police do this without any legal recourse 2. Is there an active movement/group in India that supports the legalization of medical/recreational marijuana in India 3. Have you experienced something similar to this Found out that this isnt a [lone instance.]https//www.reddit.com/r/IndianEnts/comments/9sohwc/policebeatinguppeopletryingtoscoreweedin/utmsourceredditandroid [/u/anitfass]https//www.reddit.com/u/anitfass if youre still around hit me up.. Home is the most unsafe place for women says UN report. Demonetisation New notes issued after demonetisation become unusable in just 2 years The Economic Times. CSCs to play role in shaping rural India. Economic Times New notes issued after demonetisation become unusable in just 2 years.: Economic Times New notes issued after demonetisation become unusable in just 2 years. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/newnotesissuedafternotebanbecomeunusableinjust2years/articleshow/66839347.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. Demonetisation New notes issued after demonetisation become unusable in just 2 years. Delhi government drafts policy to make 25 of vehicles electric by 2023 seeks public opinion. The great migration Keralas silent revolution. India offers Maldives 1bn in loans to help repay China debt. NPAs on downhill path since March peak says RBI. Ministry withdraws note ban report. Investor premium in startups under lens. Forget development for all India needs to develop some islands of prosperity as the engines of growth.: India is among the fastest growing economies of the world. However China has now way ahead of us due to their decades of continuous high rate of growth. They are now reckoned as the next superpower. We also need to grow our economy at a breakneck speed to become the next one. The growth of Chinese economy was initially driven by their neighbouring better developed places like Taiwan Japan Hong Kong South Korea and Singapore. India dont have such neighbours. So as a substitute we need to create some highly developed islands of prosperity within our country. These places will act as engines of our economic growth in the future. Thats why we need to select some regions preferably in the coastal areas from Kachh to Kanyakumarika to Kolkata. These areas should be under a special unified development board with the members selected from the central government each of the selected state governments and private sector. All these islands should have similar type of administrative machinaries. We need to build world class infrastructure in these areas. High quality roads should join each sector with others. The island cities should have wide roads quality drinking water systems 24 hours uninterrupted power supply. These islands should be under a special police force which would be highly trained and efficient. There should be special courts for speedy trails. In short these areas would be like tiny developed countries within our border. These islands should attract big investments from both foreign and domestic players. It would require a huge amount of money to be spent here by the government. Development of a few selected regions much better than other regions will also be protested by many. So an agreement regarding it should be made between major political parties of India both in power and opposition. TlDr India need to build some special regions akin to the developed nations. These areas will drive our economic growth in the future. . Naveen Patnaik launches public bicycle sharing system. First ever UN report on human rights in Kashmir was released recently. Govt issues new guidelines on school bag weight homework.. Reduce School Bag Weight No Homework For Classes 12 MHRD To States UTs. Twothirds of hospitals empanelled under Ayushman Bharat not accredited. The John Chau episode shows Indias internal security is porous. Trump offers India chance to stop brain drain. Narendra Modi questions Congress scepticism after 2016 surgical strikes accuses party of misusing 26/11 for political gains. Can genetic mutation occur in women due to gravitational matrix at Sabarimala temple. Govt does a Uturn proposes hybrid car subsidy in India. Japans Line Jumps 17 Percent After Nikkei Reports Tencent TieUp. Why Govt Employees Are Up in Arms About the New Pension Scheme. Singrauli Indias energy hub fails to power lives of its people. ImplantFiles The IndianExpress joined reporters from 36 countries for an ICIJorg meeting in Washington DC to plan the most exhaustive health investigation ever mounted. Here is what we found. Support parliamentary scrutiny against internet shutdowns KeepUsOnline: [removed]. Doublespeak. When Intl Oil Prices Go Up Lets Have A Transparent Model. When They Go Down Lets Not. The Govt Always Wins.. Kartarpur marks a fresh start. India has not learnt any lessons from the 12.8 billion ILampFS Group bankruptcy. Indian states and union territories by GDP per capita. Is this a weather condition Not random it shows this most of the days mumbai outskirts. Should i give up the fight amp just resume smoking its gonna happen either way. Startup culture is changing governance in India a news report of Startup India in action in its various states.. Applicability of GST on High sea sales. How to Avail An Aadhaar Card If You Are An NRI Easily [Updated]. Govt does not need RBI funds for next six months says Jaitley: BJP is such a fiscally responsible party. They have given RBI six months to pay up. They are not reasonable give gives the debtor time to pay and are not at all like Mobs. Congress was so irresponsible that it did not touch RBI funds. [Govt does not need RBI funds for next six months says Jaitley]https//www.livemint.com/Industry/TRkJAVfSbFvYQu9ET9O9wK/GovtdoesnotneedRBIfundsyetsaysJaitley.html. The private sector has transformed Indias highways airports. Can it do the same for water supply. Indian Economys GDP world ranking has slipped to the 7th position below France and is likely to retain its position back again by 2019 and is predicted to be the 2nd largest in 2050 following Chinas Economy.. I Understand Hindi Sitharaman Upset With Reporters Sarcastic Query on Surgical Strike: [I Understand Hindi Sitharaman Upset With Reporters Sarcastic Query on Surgical Strike]https//www.news18.com/amp/news/india/iunderstandhindisitharamanupsetwithreporterssarcasticqueryonsurgicalstrike1948847.html Ttt. Get Either Parent Name on your PAN Card. Global Catholic Nuns Urge Reporting of Sex Abuse to Police. Zero Discussion On Public Policy In India: [removed]. Andhra Pradesh tops in employability level among states India Skills Report 2019. Labour 9 Kinds of Manual clearance in India. Chant Vedic Hymns For Better Crop Goa Governments Advice To Farmers. Tamil Nadu noon meal scam Income Tax seizures reveal payment of 2400 crore in kickbacks to politicians officials. Job Work services provided to Foreign Company is taxable under GST. India now has 268 mobile handset and component manufacturing units 6.7 lakh jobs created ICEA. Will allot two days exclusively for entry of women at Sabarimala Kerala government promises High Court. Modi govt amp RBI could be headed for another standoff this time over ATMs. Fitch keeps India rating unchanged for 12th year in a row. 4 Passenger Friendly updates announced by the Indian Railways: [removed]. Flowchart of Refund application processed by the Department. How one Indian city cracked the problem of urban spread. [AskIndia] Question regarding aadhar: Ive not registered my mobile number with my aadhar I am not at all going to register it ever. I want to download PDF of aadhar card. However the option to download PDF without registered number is not available anymore. Two months back I got aadhar printed from a bank by providing biometric verification because mobile number is not registered. I want to know if it is still possible to get aadhar PDF or print without registering my number. I asked a small shop who is working under aadhar agency but he is saying its not possible without registered number. I cannot ask bank or official aadhar seva kendra because of the 3 days holiday.. For new members of r/India please add your support as most Indians dont care about their privacy. Freebies distribution in State not considering peoples financial status has made people lazy Madras HC.. Google Pay Tez customer care helping number 06207194485//8420366252quora.vip: [removed]. [Advice] British citizen of Pakistani origin wishing to visit India Visa advice please: Hi guys Trying to plan a holiday to India for the wife and I. Ive heard that its more difficult for people if Pakistani origin but I cant find any official info on this. Can anybody guide me on this please. India and its States some states are too much populated to govern efficiently: [removed]. Different types of interest rates defined in GST Act. 29088crore indirect tax evasion detected in AprilOct.. Rupee hits near 12week high traders say RBI not seen in market. Indias 1st Mobile App for Villages MISSION ANTYODAYA. MSME Loan Alert Get Rs.1 Cr In Just 59 Minutes: [removed]. Did opium hold back UP and Bihars growth. Arindam Misra a worshiper of vaniyas cunts: [removed]. Bengaluru pays the highest salaries in India Study. Maharashtra contributes about 15 of total GDP of India.. Largest employer of workers at a district level India. The geography of employment in 21st century India. View PM Narendra Modi has taken serious business regulatory reforms. NDA govts policies helped India jump 23 ranks in doing business Livemint. Delhi court asks police for report on plea over DSSSB exam. How Modi and Jaitley Gamed The World Banks Doing Business Rankings. India and Its Capital Delhi is not a suitable place for our national capital.: [removed]. To Boost Numbers Modi Govt Counts Workers Quitting One Job to Join Another as New Job. India Russia to build stealth frigates. India and Its Capital Delhi is not a suitable for place for our national capital: I am here again to publish my stupid ideas on reddit. Its now your choice to downvote or upvote or support or roast this post. The problem with Delhi as our national capital are many like these a Security Delhi is too close to Pakistan and China and so it is more difficult to defend during a full war. A missile send from China or Pakistan would be much difficult to intercept due to short travelling distance and time. Fall of the national capital would demoralise our forces during such a war. Also Delhi is too close to the terrorism infected areas of Kashmir Xinjiang Afghanistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. These areas can pose grave security threat to the national capital of India. b Distance Delhi is too far from the southern states of India. It is in the northern part of North India. Its inconvenient for the citizens of these states. c Climate Delhis weather is far from comfortable. The summer is too hot and the winter is too cold by Indian standards. The temperature range could be between 2 to 48 degree C. The climate is also semi arid. There are frequent dust storms in the summer and dense fogs in the winter. d Pollution The city is too polluted to live without major health issues for a long time. The pollution issues are difficult to solve due to annual crop burnings heavy industrialization of the nearby areas dense population and peculiar climate. e Crime The nearby regions of Delhi are among the most culturally backward regions of India. The poor folks from UP and Bihar has migrated into the city by droves. Also the culture of nearby Haryana is toxic. Their hatred for women and law and order has made Delhi a very dangerous place to live for people who are not rich enough. There are many such problems which cant be listed here because it will make the post too long to read. Now it seems that best position for a new national capital would be Vizag Visakhapatnam. It is too far from China or Pakistan. The Bay of Bengal is dominated by Indian navy and protected by our our naval bases of Andaman and Nicober. The city itself is the headquarter of Navys Eastern Command. Its Indias only natural port. Proximity to sea has given the city a pleasant climate although humidity can be high. It also helps to grow trade and commerce. The city is also situated near a middle position of India. The population of the metro is more than 6 million respectable enough for a national capital. Also the people living here wouldnt probably dream to impose their language and culture all over India like hindi. Lets debate.. This truce is actually a defeat for the Reserve Bank of India. A media report drops massive Ballon dOr hint fans enraged. PMO received GD Agrawals letters on Ganga but did not take action RTI. Why Modi Government is exploiting Indian Forest and Wildlife: Just have a look at the recent news 1. [https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nagpur/newrailwaylinessettocutthrough13tigercorridors/articleshow/66659444.cms]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nagpur/newrailwaylinessettocutthrough13tigercorridors/articleshow/66659444.cms 2. [https//indianexpress.com/article/india/scsaidnotohighwayinjimcorbettbutmoefinstituteagreestohelpclearit5312675/]https//indianexpress.com/article/india/scsaidnotohighwayinjimcorbettbutmoefinstituteagreestohelpclearit5312675/ 3. [https//www.indiatimes.com/news/india/mumbaikarsfighttosavecityslastgreenpatchaareyforestthatsbeingcutdownformetroconstruction354131.html]https//www.indiatimes.com/news/india/mumbaikarsfighttosavecityslastgreenpatchaareyforestthatsbeingcutdownformetroconstruction354131.html 4. [https//www.nyoooz.com/news/delhi/1245373/newroadtorun2kminsidearavalibiopark/]https//www.nyoooz.com/news/delhi/1245373/newroadtorun2kminsidearavalibiopark/ 5. [https//www.dailyo.in/politics/kenbetwariverlinkingprojectenvironmentministrymadhyapradesh/story/1/17539.html]https//www.dailyo.in/politics/kenbetwariverlinkingprojectenvironmentministrymadhyapradesh/story/1/17539.html. Aadhaar Card Complaint By UIDAI TollFree Number Post Email Easily. Hyderabad Vs Pune City Comparison Pune City Vs Hyderabad City. Indias Draft Crypto Regulations Likely to be Announced in December. What are indications that the Indian economy failing. Farmers are marching to Delhi on 29th and 30th November: Given the distress in the agrarian sector in India constant farmer suicides and the terrible mishandling by the government farmers have decided to march to Delhi to demand a special Parliamentary session on the agrarian distress. This is coming after the long march to Mumbai which shook a lot of peoples consciences. If you would like to show solidarity you can choose to do any of these things ampx200B 1. Sign the petition [http//dillichalo.in]http//dillichalo.in 2. Join the march if you are in Delhi Your support through your presence means a lot. 3. Donate for the march 4. Volunteer as a translator photographer poster designer etc. If you want more information the website linked above has really comprehensive information packets. Thank you for reading. CBI row Supreme Court unhappy about leak of Alok Vermas reply to CVC adjourns hearing. However The Wire and Vermas lawyer said that it had only reported Vermas replies to the Central Vigilance Commissions questionnaire.. INEQUALITY BIGGER CHALLENGE. Sugar production begins with 238 sugar mills. In UPs Race To Be Free Of Open Defecation Enthusiasm For Toilets EvidentAs Are Fudged Data. Free Complete Animated Financial Accounting Course: [removed]. IndianOrigin Professor In US Used Students As Servants Report. The RBI and Govt meeting was like Department one we want this Department two we want that Everyone ok the CEO will decide Only in case of Governments there are committees set up to disown and delay decision making and exerting backdoor influence: LIVE Decisions taken at the RBI board meeting https//www.livemint.com/Money/3lZLyEze9tXvoCr7Vok1XK/RBIMeetingLiveUpdatesBoardmeetingunderwayNBFCslen.html. The RBI and Govt meeting was like Department one we want this Department two we want that Everyone ok the CEO will decide Only in case of Governments there are committees set up to disown and delay decision making and exerting backdoor influence: LIVE Decisions taken at the RBI board meeting https//www.livemint.com/Money/3lZLyEze9tXvoCr7Vok1XK/RBIMeetingLiveUpdatesBoardmeetingunderwayNBFCslen.html. President Kovind of India calls for greater trade technology and investment partnership with Vietnam and to inject new vigor into bilateral relations. Approximate Percentage wise contribution by states and UTs in Indias GDP [201718]. Historical returns on asset classes in India ViniyogIndia.com. Ground report Why this Telangana village has unanimously decided to vote for Harish Rao. At Ibrahimpur locals say that their fate has turned around since Harish Rao adopted the village. Getting the economy back on track. India looks to buy 24 US Romeo antisubmarine helicopters for 2 billion. 14 lakh fake children registered with anganwadis in Uttar Pradesh WCD Ministry. NDA govt. divested twice as much as UPA DIPAM data shows. BCCI rubbishes reports of CoA reprimanding Kohli via memo. Petrol price down by Rs 7.29 per litre in one month rates back at midAugust levels. Process and Procedure related to Job Work under GST gst gstindia. Can anybody explain the whole mess between the RBI and the government: From what I understand the government is in a cash crunch and wants to borrow 3.6 lakh crores from the RBI reserves but is now denying it and the RBI officially is saying no but some BJPsympathetic CA appointment by the govt on the RBI Board is saying we should print more money to get out of this crisis. Im not an economic expert but that sounds disastrous to me and from what little I could find online a lot of economists/experts are saying thats suicidal with some saying Whoever thought demonetisation is the worst thing the govt could come up with needs to think more. Can someone break it down for a common man please Thanks. This country is driving me madder everyday.: Ganga waterway project cleared after overruling expert panel https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/gangawaterwayprojectclearedafteroverrulingexpertpanel/article25528142.ece. Govt decides to stop funding to newer IIMs. Farming in 20 of districts in India threatened by climate change. Chinas Belt and Road investment map 47 targeting India and South Asia. Current UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey to be the next Revenue Secretary Sources To CNBCTV18. The future of urbanization in India. Economodi 101: So basically my country spent 3000cr on a dumb statue and is asking for external funding for polio vaccines worth 100cr while the punjabi minister is buying a new fleet of luxury cars for all his ministers worth 150cr why does this country pay taxes. Compare China to India if you dare rather than with developed countries.: [removed]. Compare China to India if you dare rather than with developed countries.. Suresh Prabhu emphasises on innovation in agri startups. Bengaluru elevated corridor Elevated Catastrophe A look at the controversy behind Bengalurus 92km corridor project. NEDAC GA sets agenda for cooperatives to cooperatives trade. CVC report on CBI director Alok Verma has some very uncomplimentary findings Supreme Court Times of India. No cleanchit to Verma CVC report contains mixed findings. RBI data counters RBI claim Credit to small firms shrinks. RBI data counters RBI claim Credit to small firms shrinks. Ayushman Bharat FIR against owners of 89 websites spreading false information. As India fails to clean up its air China is winning war on pollution. PM Modis keynote address at Singapore Fintech Festival. Playboy reporter who misquoted Ennio Morricone apologizes. How the BJP government in MP tricked the youth with employment promises. Finally bilingual English/Hindi books for aspiring bilinguals. The whole collection is on sale.. Netflix Denies Report Saying That It Has Agreed To Censor Content In India. Netflix Denies Report Saying That It Has Agreed To Censor Content In India. Cauvery statue will be built under PPP model Karnataka minister. Official Netflix India statement about The Print Indias report about Netflix censoring in India The information quoted is inaccurate and entirely false. Netflix was never in this meeting.. NCDCs scheme to promote young entrepreneurs in cooperatives. I confirm that we have a workshare agreement with our main Indian partner HAL for the production of the Rafale. Its a great step. CEO March 2014. In Depth Biodiversity Report. A question of writ The Hindu. Tata Sons Chairman to Pitch to Board on Plan to Buy JetReport. Indian PM Narendra Modi Cracks a BlockchainJoke at Singapore FinTech Festival. TN Srinivasan Yale Economist and Key Proponent of Indian Economic Liberalization dies. India wiring mess Soon one duct for Power TV Internet. How Vodafone Ideas 3.5 bn fundraising will impact telecom in India. Summary of the OTT Consultation Paper SaveTheInternet NetNeutrality:  We won right Many of us know about Net Neutrality a bit. Most of us would feel that fight for it is over and we won Yes we did. More than a million people sent emails to Indias telecom Regulator TRAI to stand up and protect their right to access internet content on their terms. Several regulations recommendations and license amendments have followed. Substantial progress has been made over two years but some core areas of work remain. This includes a recurring policy proposal for the licensing of internet services and platforms such as Whatsapp but also other chat internet messaging and VOIP providers which are called OTT services. TRAIs OTT Consultation Paper While we do feel that this poses dangers to users may prevent and bring a chokehold on innovation and overall just bad policy we first want people to actually read the TRAI paper. The OTT Consultation Paper released by TRAI on November 12 2018 runs into close to 42 pages 38 pages effectively and to make the best use of your time and get you to read it we made a 5page summary 3 pages effectively. [Click here to access the summary]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1sCQaF5D6dzvEzULielhvAjoCttIhI5O/viewuspsharing Why a summary Where is your analysis This summary is without any opinion commentary or analysis. It brings the core points of a larger document condenses it and puts it to you. We think this is an important first step in letting people form their opinions and search for answers by providing an authentic summary that you can trust. We intend to follow this up in a week with our analysis like we always do and then make a formal submission in the interest of users. In the paragraph below we further explain our model of civic engagement around government and regulatory processes to build capacity for public campaigns. What is IFFs engagement model Think about a summary as the first step in a threestep process. We first hope over the coming months we are able to create summaries that come out within 2448 hours of any regulatory consultation policy or government measure. Then the second step is that within a week post a comprehensive and readerfriendly analysis on which we invite public comment and then it is finally is followed up with a participatory process for formal submissions. This may not be perfect to start out there will be slips but we hope to improve as we go along. For building out all of this making sure we do not miss even one consultation on net neutrality free speech privacy and innovation we need to grow our capacity and hire people and organise the motivation and drive of volunteers. This starts with an email from you. Keep reaching out to us If you have any thoughts or questions notice a regulatory consultation on digital rights and want a summary or want to help us draw up one please feel free to reach out to us at [volunteerinternetfreedom.in]mailtovolunteerinternetfreedom.in. We have limited resources but we reply to each email and try to take our supporters along in this journey of realising the dream of an advocacy organisation that protects our basic human freedoms in the digital age. Join forces make a donation volunteer and help spread the word on SavingTheInternet and NetNeutrality [Click here to access the summary]https//drive.google.com/file/d/1sCQaF5D6dzvEzULielhvAjoCttIhI5O/viewuspsharing. 22 budget cut looms over sports ministry. Ban nonCNG private vehicles or go in for OddEven in Delhi suggests EPCA. Last year over 8400 hate crimes were reported in US. Modi is a good friend but India is a tough negotiator admits Donald Trump. Firstpost Raghuram Rajans comments on economy make one wonder if he is seeking to be Manmohan Singh of UPA3.. Global IT challenge for youth with disability Study Acute. In India sour discussions btw the Prime Minister and Central Bank: [removed]. Puribound Dhauli Express derails no casualties reported. Rafale row We chose Reliance by ourselves I dont lie says Dassault CEO on Rahul Gandhis allegations. Cyber experts slam govt for ban on porn sites. https//wap.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/rafalerowgovtsubmissiontoschintsatshortcutsindecisionmaking1181113000391.html. Supreme Court to consider tomorrow 48 pleas seeking review of Sabarimala verdict. ISO certification services. Competition Commission of India orders probe against Railways IRCTC for abusing dominant position. If Delhi has to collapse let it collapse says angry Supreme Court bench. Visualizing the Relationship Between Corruption and Economic Growth Around the World. India inflation reduces to 3.31. Homage across political spectrum to Ananth Kumar. Exclusive Under Modis Crop Insurance Scheme Premiums up 350 But Farmers Coverage Stagnant. Student is a consumer can file complaint. Belt and Road rethink in Southeast Asia Will India change its mind. The importance of UKIndia relations. Why CBIC not allowing CESS Credit in TRAN1 Taxjig. Quint Debate Should Bengal Govt Give Rs 28 Cr to Puja Committees. Jaitley Claim on Aadhaar Direct Benefit Transfer Gain of Rs 90000 Cr Annually Is False. RBI wants the nation to know about its differences with the government.. Narmada 33576 tourists visited StatueOfUnity today earned Rs.3362860 today 10 Nov 2018 total 108247 tourists reported in last 10 days Sardar Patel Rashtriya Ekta trust earned total Rs.21047325 in last 10 days. Gujarat Tv9News. H1B Trumps latest visa proposal and its impact on India. Indias banking system is flirting with a Lehman moment. Demonetisation GST and NPAs Why the government wants to dip into RBI reserves. Avenues for an educated person to change the system: I am a working professional in Bangalore. I would like to get some help on what can I do to improve the system in India. Broadly would like to do things 1. Systemic change for long term 2. Damage control for short term. The problems here are so overwhelming that i dont know where to start. And hence I have decided to start here. Thoughts. India ranked 177 out of 180 in Environment Performance Index a report by Yale and Columbia University and ranked 180 out of 180 terms of Environment health issues.. Uttarakhand has failed to rejuvenate the Ganga through Namami Gange. New CAG report reveals that almost 26 million litres of untreated sewage still flows into the Ganga every day in the state. Chinese String of Pearls Surrounds India From Pakistan SriLanka and Now Myanmar EurAsian Times. Modi Printing Rs 3.6 Lakh Cr Would Be Worse than Demonetisation. To what extent rupee can devalue if goverment of india decide to print 3.6 lakh crore.. Modi Printing Rs 3.6 Lakh Crore Would Be Worse Than Demonetisation how much the rupee will devalue if Goverment decides to print 3.6 lakh crore... [showerthought] Dubai should build a slightly taller statue of literally anything after Indian politicians build their tallest: Just to piss them off and to remind them how pointless the whole thing is. Dubai anyway likes to have record breaking monuments like malls bridges buildings etc. Taliban at Afghanistan talks table today Delhi sending nonofficials. Short clip of Udayan Mukherjee interview to Vir Sanghvi. Full interview of Udayan Mukherjee to Vir Sanghvi on how the Indian Economy is doing. The day money vanished Indians dispute whether Modis radical economic experiment was worth it. How To Change Health Insurance Policy Portability health Plan Yogendra Verma Policy Bhandar: [removed]. Demonetisation disrupted the life of every Indian and failed all of its stated goals. Is the CentreRBI crisis yet another outcome of demonetisations disastrous legacy. Is Input Tax Credit available on Gifts or Perks given to employees. Arun Jaitley says demonetisation gave India more revenue more resources for the poor better quality of life. Two years on remembering demonetisation and all the mayhem it caused. Two years after demonetisation A look at what has happened so far. RBI refuses to disclose cost of destroying banned notes after demonetisation. Modi govt shouldnt rob the RBI. Can Input Tax Credit be availed on return of expired drugs Yes read more here. Country Portrait of India. [Rant] Why is road tax so high in Bangalore: Like seriously why the fuck Honda City ZX Diesel is 15.63L on road in Gurgaon its 17.39L on road Bangalore Why should anyone pay extra 1.75 lakh for roads which are MUCH WORSE compared to gurgaon What is this loot by Karnataka govt. Also Haryana govt doesnt bother if you bring your KA or any other vehicle but in Karnataka if I bring my HR vehicle they threaten to confiscate the vehicle as if I imported cocaine. High road tax completely shattered road infrastructure including footpaths traffic jams that dont move for hours motorbikes on footpaths so cant walk peacefully either. DAFUQ. The Poorest Suffered the Most From Demonetisation Meera Sanyal. Sivasankaran who defrauded IDBI of Rs 600 cr flees after CBI diluted his LoC. Sadabahr old Hindi Filmy Songs. Ayushman Bharat Yojana First angioplasty gives life to 42yearold. Is RBI really being strict with banks under PCA. Two years after demonetisation crisis in rural India. Black hole of silence on demonetization. India will go down under garbage one day SCs strong rebuke on solid waste mgmt. FinMin RBI fight over Rs 3.6 lakh crore surplus from the regulators reserves. RBI Governor May Resign on 19th November for Health Reasons and Spat with the Ministry of Finance. Its impossible for my mother to prove shes living: [removed]. Goods and Services Tax practitioner is a person who can perform the following duties on behalf of their clients furnish the details of outward and inward supplies furnish monthly quarterly annual or final return make deposit for credit into the electronic cash ledger file a claim for refund. Why dont Indias intelligence agencies hire laterally : I am not sure if this question has been answered by Indias defence establishment but I always wonder how the Mossad Savak MI6 or CIA are able to attract the talent that makes them of such repute. These nations are governed by democracies yet are able to hire all the best experts in fraud detection linguistics cyber systems imagery electronic warfare forensics signals....you name it and they probably work with the best brains. I attribute part of this to 3 points 1. Recruitment to Indias intelligence agencies has been through mostly government exams where reservations / additional bottlenecks apply 2. Most of Indias intelligence agencies are full of officers from the Civil Services the typical babus who do not have foundational knowledge in the craft of espionage 3. Their recruitment is thus unilateral. The other foreign intelligence services I mention above seem to have open portals where one can apply and be drafted to their divisions based on your skills. I see even former RAW chief Vikram Sood saying that the government should go out on the open job market to hire domain experts instead of babus for a better output as a countrys people get the government they deserve and the government gets the intelligence it deserves. Given these intelligence agencies report to NSA / PMO they should rather tweak employment rules to get the best unless I am illinformed. Is there no way of working fulltime for the government through lateral means against external threats for this country where ones talents are fully recognised and the person trained Any inputs would be deeply appreciated.. National Policy on Electronics is going to be game changer for India. Apples Asia Suppliers Fall on Report iPhone XR Production Boost Canceled. Apples Asia Suppliers Fall on Report It Canceled Production Boost for iPhone XR. Domestic coal cannot keep up with demand in India ICRA. Govt wants Rs 3.6 lakh crore from RBI a third of its reserves central bank says no. How GST and demonetisation impacted govt finances. RBI autonomy Bimal Jalans quit if you cant make peace with the boss advice to Patel is daring but a disastrous recipe for markets. Introducing the Raisina Dialogue. Patanjali Paridhan Baba Ramdevs Swadeshi Apparel Store Launched in Delhi Yoga Guru Unveils 3 New Brands LiveFit Astha Sanskar on Dhanteras. As INS Arihant completes first deterrence patrol India declares nuclear triad operational. Former Censor Board Chief Pahlaj Nihalani files a plea in Bombay High Court against Censor Board after it reportedly suggested around 20 cuts in his upcoming movie Rangeela Raja file pic. Former Censor Board Chief Pahlaj Nihalani files a plea in Bombay High Court against Censor Board after it reportedly suggested around 20 cuts in his upcoming movie Rangeela Raja. India has achieved completion of her nuclear triad with the first successful deterrence patrol by INS Arihant. This places India in the league of the few countries that can design construct and operate Strategic Strike Nuclear Submarines SSBN.. Shutting down Air India : As you may be familiar Air India is doing very [poorly]https//qz.com/india/1403962/afterfailedairindiasalegovernmentlinesupanotherbailout/. The primary reason is poor management in part due to government interference. Various attempts to privatize have [failed]https//www.ft.com/content/214af29464d211e890c29563a0613e56 in the recent past. It has about 29000 Cr in [debt]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/airlines/aviation/airindiasrs29kcroreworkingcapitaldebttobemovedtospv/articleshow/66502669.cms. Air India was started in a time where India was living in a socialist paradise with Govt. control of everything. At that time private players were basically absent as compared to now at least so it made sense for the Govt. to have an airline. However today having a Govt. owned airline is useless since Indian aviation scene is already super competitive. Air India has a market share of just about [13 ]https//www.livemint.com/Companies/4ltXPDJVDRZ10XLlCPXhjI/IndiGoremainstopairlineinIndiawith41marketsharein.html. Whats the point in bailing out Air India year after year with tax payer money If we cannot sell it why have it at all I am surprised this option is not being considered seriously. I am curious as to what you guys think about it.. The need for a boost to MSME sector. CBI vs CBI. Supreme Court gives CVC and Government a long rope. RBI Governor Urjit Patel gets showcause notice over nondisclosure of wilful defaulters list. Behind govtRBI rift DEAs insistence on Rs 3.6trillion excess capital. Eway bill has become necessity for the movement of goods having value of goods more than Rs.50000/ in few states the value of goods should be 100000/ or more is necessary for the supplier or receiver to generate eway bill in order to avoid the penalty from the authorities. gst gstinida. Understanding RBIs Balance Sheet Is It Sitting On Excess Capital. First 5Gcapable iPhone wont come before 2020 says report. Not job of banks to bail out borrowers RBI deputy governor. Top European clubs planning to start a new league Reports. [link] Someone should draw out valuable insights from RBI data: [removed]. Thats rich We gave 1billion aid to India as they built 330million statue. Kishore Kumar Super Hit Songs Mobile App. This should have been the biggest news of the week in India. For the first time since independence a container is moving on inland vessel. PepsiCo is moving 16 containers from Kolkata to Varanasi on vessel MV RN Tagore over river Ganga. Such a huge accomplishmentSagarMala. India and Italy on Tuesday agreed to fasttrack bilateral trade and investments and set up a bilateral industrial development and cooperation mechanism at a meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Italian counterpart Guiseppe Conte.. Delhi NCRs construction ban leaves labourers stranded and broke. Iran Says Report of U.S. Oil Waivers Shows Market Needs Iranian CrudeTV. How Facebook Will Make Money From Your WhatsApp Status Update:  How Facebook Will Make Money From Your WhatsApp Status Update. [NP]Almost 94 mobile handsets sold in India country made Report. Reuters India on Twitter Mastercard told the U.S. government in June that Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi was using nationalism to promote the use of the Indian payments network RuPay. India tops world with most Net shutdowns. RBI cant claim complete autonomy PMEACs Bibek Debroy. Want Location Identity Of Those Spreading Fake News Centre To WhatsApp. Nehru Conspiracy Bring Hinduism Back in Indias School Curriculum . Why is India at war with its central bank. Escorts Q2 tractor sales up by 3.3 at 21039 units. Rationalisation of Flexi Fare Scheme in Indian Railways Flexi Fare completely removed from 15 trains.Highest slab reduced from 1.5 times to 1.4 times. AffordableRailways. 50 Indian items face heat as US revokes dutyfree privileges on import of 90 products. Final Nail in the Coffin India Plans Complete Ban on Cryptocurrencies. NKorea readying nuclear site for inspectors SKorea report. Dont miss the opportunity We have global buyers from INDIA CHINA USA. Reach us here to start a fresh deal. Views on FSDC deciding to ban crypto currency in india: [removed]. Poland is looking for migrants from India: joke. Yogi Adityanath has laid the foundation for a new UP.. Ease of Doing Business India jumps 23 notches now at rank 77. India is not a tariff king says World Bank official on Donald Trumps remarks. Microsoft has been sharing Indian bank customers data with U.S. intelligenceagencies. India Moves 23 Positions Higher On World Banks Ease Of Doing Business Ranking. India jumps 23 positions to Rank 77 in World Banks Ease of Doing Business. Read these instructions before filing the Annual Return in GST. Well thats positive: India Jumps 23 Spots In World Banks Ease Of Doing Business Index Ranks 77 https//a.msn.com/r/2/BBPa1j5meninampreferrerIDInAppShare . Well thats positive: India Jumps 23 Spots In World Banks Ease Of Doing Business Index Ranks 77 https//a.msn.com/r/2/BBPa1j5meninampreferrerIDInAppShare . India Jumps 23 Spots In World Banks Ease Of Doing Business Index Ranks 77. India ranks at 77 in the World Banks Ease of doing business index. India has recorded a jump of 23 positions against its rank of 100 in 2017.. Voter ID Card How to Apply in Online. Section 66A and other legal zombies IFFresearch: Today marks Halloween which is increasingly a day marked in urban India. It is a testament to our syncretic culture that a Halloween celebration gives occasion for people to express themselves with pageantry and costume. Timely as it may seem we take today not only with irreverence but also some seriousness when we call Section 66A a legal zombie. Why You must have heard about Section 66A. It was a criminal offence which was vague and used to jail people for comments they made online. It was declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court in March 2015. This meant the use of Section 66A past present and future would stop. But we find that despite its constitutional death Section 66A continues its terrible afterlife. Police is still registering FIRs and Courts are still hearing 66A cases. This is terrible for the freedom of speech online undermines the rule of law and the judgement and authority of the Supreme Court of India. [Link to the paper]https//ssrn.com/abstract3275893 This paper is coauthored by Abhinav Sekhri and Apar Gupta and is available at SSRN. It is in a research series which is hoping to support rigour in digital rights scholarship to service public advocacy efforts. It is funded entirely by donations received from Indian internet users. About IFF Research Series The IFF Research Series supports young academics scholars technologists and researchers to author rigorous analysis and papers on pressing digital rights issues in India. Such work is being funded by public donations by ordinary internet users such as you to help understand and advocate for free expression privacy and encryption net neutrality and innovation. We will put all our papers up for review and comment on SSRN and invite any feedback at policyinternetfreedom.in. RTI confirms Rajan sent PM Modi list of bank defaulters in February 2015. RBI Governor Government invokes neverused powers to make Urjit Patel fall in line. Indian Couple Who Died In US Yosemite Park Fell Taking A Selfie Report. Urjit Patel May Consider Resigning as Arun Jaitleys Remarks Widen RBIGovt Rift Report. Why is the RBI involved in a public spat with the government. Odisha Govt hikes minimum wages for daily labourers. Stubble Fires Evident in the Punjab State of India. Honda Reports Rise in Profit on Cost Cuts Healthy Sales. A Look At Why Crime Pays In Indian Politics Parallels NPR. The Financial Express Rupee rescue India and Japan sign record 75billion currency swap deal.: The Financial Express Rupee rescue India and Japan sign record 75billion currency swap deal. https//www.financialexpress.com/economy/rupeerescueindiaandjapansignrecord75billioncurrencyswapdeal/1366067/ Any views on this I remember sometime back a thread in randia discussing about how Japan keeps currency value low intentionally due to exports in which case why would they propose this. Delhis air could turn even more toxic today after AQI hit 367 on Monday. Indian IT companies bullish on hiring plans for next 6 months Report. India going through massive transformative phase cant compete with China: [removed]. Yo Yo Honey Singh Lak Tera Bomb Bomb Kamal Raja Punjabi Song. Undermine RBI autonomy face markets wrath ignite economic fire Deputy Governor speaks up: A top Reserve Bank of India RBI official on Friday warned that governments that do not respect central bank independence will sooner or later incur the wrath of financial markets ignite economic fire and come to rue the day they undermined an important regulatory institution. RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya said the market can discipline the government not to erode central bank independence and it can also make the government pay for its transgressions. Interestingly the market also forces central banks to remain accountable and independent when it is under government pressure he said. Delivering the A D Shroff Memorial Lecture in Mumbai Friday Acharya listed three important pockets of persistent weakness in maintaining the independence of the RBI. One its inability to undertake the full scope of actions against public sector banks visvis private banks two the discretion to retain reserves without having to transfer surpluses to the government and three protecting its regulatory scope a case in point being a recommendation to have a separate payment regulator bypassing RBIs powers. I chose for todays occasion the theme of the importance of independent regulatory institutions and in particular that of a central bank that is independent from an overarching reach of the state Acharya said. This theme is certainly one of great sensitivity but I contend it is of even greater importance to our economic prospects. Source [https//indianexpress.com/article/business/underminerbiautonomyfacemarketswrathigniteeconomicfiredeputygovernorspeaksup5420706/]https//indianexpress.com/article/business/underminerbiautonomyfacemarketswrathigniteeconomicfiredeputygovernorspeaksup5420706/. No coal Karnatakas thermal power plants on verge of shutting down. Crime criminal tracking network starts online services. Indias internet shut down 154 times in 2 years 8x more than Pakistan. SBI to take big haircut from ailing power firms loans. Soil health water and climate change big challenges for agriculture Suresh Prabhu. Gemalto CEO apologises for Aadhaar report. Dhanuka Agritech wins Company of the Year award. Johnny Depp reportedly dropped from Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. RBIs dilemma How to resolve financial sector crisis without causing inflation a run on the rupee. Undermine RBI autonomy face markets wrath ignite economic fire Deputy Governor speaks up. Cryptocurrency Illegal In India Says Trade Organization Head. Seven laws that restrict free speech and criminalise it. Indian Supreme Court Gives Government Two Weeks to Submit Cryptocurrency Report. India set to be third largest aviation market. HRD ministry may bring in faculty quota ordinance in 2 weeks. A Telecom War Might Leave Over 60000 People Jobless: [removed]. RBIs Urjit Patel nominated for this global award Not flamboyant as Raghuram Rajan but actionoriented. Someone is sending me porn pics and vulgar words from a fake facebook id. I threatened him that ill report to police if he continues. he still continued sending me vulgar pics and deleted his facebook id. What can be done against him now: My question is if i want to report this crime to police then how can i report a deactivated facebook id Is police going to help me nab this bastard. Why is the government bashing bitcoins so badly if they want a cashless economy : [removed]. IndiaMyanmar pigeonpea programme gets new research boost. Five more rice mills to export to China. Yashwin Encore Wakad Pune.: [removed]. Jio banned porn sites. Rape laws cant be genderneutral Centre tells Delhi High Court. India Financial System Bankrupt Economic Engine China Grows Jayant Bhandari Is what he is saying true. PM Imran Khan Chats About India Aims for Stability Panel at Saudi Conference 10/23/2018 English. Centre Asks For 827 Porn Sites To Be Blocked. CCEA approves creation of fisheries development fund. Are you eligible for Ayushman Bharat health scheme. Disappointed over denial of eminence tag IITMadras to HRD. PM Narendra Modi awarded Seoul Peace Prize 2018 for his contributions in the development in both national and international economic sectors and for reducing the amount of existing discrimination.. No Water To Drink Nearly Half Of Maharashtra Declared DroughtHit. 2019 Ideas for Action Competition. A fourth of Aravali hills in Rajasthan gone for ever.. How Much Will You Pay For Pollution Caused Top Court To Graphite India. Economic Times Telecom sector may cut over 60000 jobs.:  https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/telecom/telecomnews/telecomsectormaycutover60000jobs/articleshow/66324949.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. Economic Times Telecom sector may cut over 60000 jobs.:  https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/telecom/telecomnews/telecomsectormaycutover60000jobs/articleshow/66324949.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. The World Economy in 2017. Over 90 beneficiaries under PMMY scheme got loans less than Rs 50000. The World Economy in 2017. If only we had this in India. A tax report showing us where our money actually goes.. Richest 10 of Indians own over 3/4th of wealth in India. Demonetisation Impact Just 1.5 lakh tax returns vs 23.5 lakh notices sent. Direct tax base widens sharply over 4 years compliance rises. This is how an Australian income tax return looks like. I wonder how a similar tax return would like in India.. This is what the Australian Income Tax return looks like. I wonder how the Indian income tax return would look like. CBDT releases Direct Tax Statistics. Worlds quickest developing economy has the worlds most polluted air. Worlds fastest growing economy India is home to 10 most polluted cities. The worlds fastest growing economy has the worlds most toxic air. SabarimalaTemple Security beefed up amid reports of entry of women. 400 petrol pumps in Delhi shut as dealers go on strike. Less than 33 of waste in cities towns along Ganga processed. Why do infrastructure projects take so long to finish in India: Why is this the case In any other city Bangkok Jakarta Cape Town etc. a project can start and finish in lt 5 years. These countries are able to build a skyscraper in that time. In Mumbai for example infrastructure projects seem to linger on and on. Several tall buildings have been under construction for almost 8 years now. ampx200B What is the reasoning for this Even in Pakistan or Sri Lanka the Chinese construction companies can come in and build a damn or building in a short time. ampx200B EDIT Here is a reference article [https//www.makaan.com/iq/newsviews/whydoinfrastructureprojectslingeroninindia]https//www.makaan.com/iq/newsviews/whydoinfrastructureprojectslingeroninindia. War in CBI: Are we going down the drain . BSNL has just deactivated my SIM for not linking Aadhaar: What can I do now . MeToo Group of ministers to look into laws against sexual harassment at workplace say reports. The panel will probe if the current safeguards are adequate or need to be further strengthened to act as a deterrent.. Only 400 comments on Indias privacy law Sounds low no We filed RTIs: This week we filed RTIs Right to Information Requests with the Ministry of Electronics and IT for the [consultation on the Draft Data Protection Bill]http//meity.gov.in/content/feedbackdraftpersonaldataprotectionbill. After a [post here]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/9mwq75/reminderwehave12hourstoshapeindiasprivacy/ many from the Reddit community participated in this consultation. Why RTIs We were spurred into action noticing that newspaper reports indicated only [400 responses were submitted]https//www.thehindubusinessline.com/infotech/itmingetsover400responsesondraftpersonaldataprotectionbill/article25192157.ece and unnamed ministry officials indicated most of them were from companies government departments and industry bodies. Sounds low no We started wondering whether the comments sent by internet users academics and technologists civil and digital rights organisations would even be considered. This has lead us to file two separate RTIs The first is to know who all sent their comments and what were these comments. After all this is a public consultation and there is a existing practice like with the TRAI to proactively publish all inputs it recieves. This will allow us to be better placed to know and respond to any industry lobbying for dilution of the privacy protections in India. The second RTI is to know who if any besides the ministry is reviewing the comments and drafting the law. Given the lack of transparency flawed composition of the expert committee that produced the Draft Data Protection Bill. Much of this background is contained in several representations made by Rethink Aadhaar and the National Campaign for Peoples Right to Information. We are aware that we cannot just rely on seeking information and disclosures. We need to do much more. In the coming months we hope to pick up pace respond with greater agility and strenthen our collective efforts to protect privacy. . Amritsar train accident Unsafe venue yet police gave goahead for festivity. That is one hell of a misdirecting/clickbaity way to put things together. OpTic India disqualified from Zowie eXTREMESLAND 2018 hacks detected Reports. NITI Aayogs dream of a 10trillion Indian economy by 2032 pared to half. Sabarimala chief priest appeals to young women not to visit hill shrine denies reports of closing the temple. Sri Lanka reverses 300m China housing deal as PM visits India. Suggest some Hindi books for my Father who takes great interest in politics military and economics. Novels: Its easy for me to choose a novel on these topics in English but there seems a serious shortage in Hindi language novels on Indian economics or military. Even specialized topics covered under these categories are good enough to be read. Please suggest a novelstyle book coz the others are mostly upsc oriented and I dont want him to feel that he is in exampreparation mode. But yeah there can be some Upsc books which are written in novel/novella style so those are welcome. Please help r/india. TIA. Are you also excluded from Modis Ayushman Bharat. Another victory for net neutrality in India. But we better start focussing on enforcement.: [removed]. Another victory for net neutrality in India. But we better start focussing on enforcement.:  https//i.redd.it/vpxmbflo3xs11.png Important work remains in the battle for net neutrality in India. We have reached an important stage with binding rules to a large extent containing protections made towards the end of last month. For those who may be interested we have prepared an analysis suggest further policy steps to the TRAI and the Department of Telecom. But more importantly we must all now start thinking of reporting violations. [Click here for a detailed analysis.]https//internetfreedom.in/anotherstepforwardinindiasleadershiponnetneutrality/ Any law or rule is only as good is as its enforcement. Over the coming months we are hoping to report and support internet users in reporting net neutrality violations in India. This is our first post on Reddit which has been an important vocal community of support on digital rights. By regularly updating and inform you in plain english on what is happening on net neutrality privacy through saveourprivacy free expression and innovation we hope to encourage feedback and steer on our work. So please do reach out. As always we are happy to have volunteers who can help support us with their skills time and [donations]https//internetfreedom.in/donate/. Reach out by writing to us at [volunteerinternetfreedom.in]mailtovolunteerinternetfreedom.in . India 58th most competitive economy in WEF index rank up 5 places over 2017. India ranked 58th most competitive economy in World Economic ForumWEF index. [NP] The average wage of an employee of the 1.3 Million strong Indian Railways is 8.8 Lakh Per Anum.. External Committee to Probe Nishtha Jains Complaint Against Vinod Dua. FIFA World Cup reportedly boosted Russian economy by 14 billion. Performance reports paint grim picture of HAL work. REPUBLIC OF FEAR India is hostile to its weakest and poor there is no justice for theminterview with a reporter. Make in India giving way to assembled in India govt study shows. Perfect storm heading your way UN on growing hunger climate change threat. India to be worst hit if global trade falls says commerce minister Suresh Prabhu. Tez merkezi:  Tez Yazdr Tez Merkezi 2010 Danmanlk Dnyasna Giri [Tez]https//yazimisleri.net/ danmanlk sektrne ilk olarak yksek lisans eitimimizi srdrrken harlmz karmak adna bir tez merkezi bnyesinde redaksiyon hizmeti vermek adna girdik. 2011 Tez Danmanlna Gei Yksek lisans eitimimizi tamamladmzda kendi alanmzda tez danmanl yapabilir dzeye gelmitik. Uzman olduumuz alanlarda yksek lisans tez ve projelerinde danmanlk yapmaya baladk. Her ey yolunda giderken 2011 yl sonlarna doru beraber altmz tez merkezi ile mali sorunlar yaadk ve bu merkez ile ilikimizi sonlandrdk. 2012 lk Tez Merkezimiz Ald 2012 yl balarnda tez danmanl yaptmz dnemlerde edindiimiz uzman evremizinde desteini arkamza alarak kendi tez merkezimizi kurduk. 2013 yazimisleri.net Kuruldu 2013 ylnda yazimisleri.neti kurarak sektrde ufak ufak admz duyurmaya baladk. Bu srete uzman kadromuzu da genileterek sektrde tecrbemizi arttrdk. 2013 Karacaren Danmanlk almaya ilk baladmzdan beri sektrde sregelen karlkl gven sorunu srekli devam etmekteydi. Bu balamda gvenilirliimizi arttrmak adna akademik danmanlk firmamz resmiletirerek ATOya kaytl Karacaren Danmanlk firmamz kurduk. 2017 Mobil Platforma Gei Gnmzde mobil kullanmnn yaygnlamasyla birlikte mobil kullanclara daha iyi hizmet vermek adna internet sitemizi mobil platformlara uygun hale getirmek iin yatrm yaptk. r/https//yazimisleri.net/. Minister Malaysia eager to swap MyKad with Indias Aadhar biometric ID system Malaysia [NP]. Do I still need to give my aadhar card details when applying to a credit card: I went to HDFC bank to apply for a credit card and the guy there asked for my aadhar card details which BTW I gave them when I opened my HDFC account. I told my dad about it and he seems to be open okay with that. He told be if not aadhar card I would still have to give my voter ID card which I dont have. I just turned 19 . IT companies file lawsuit against USCIS over shorter duration of H1B visas. RBI unchanged interest rates. India attracted USD 22 bn of FDI flows in first half of 2018 UN report. Pressure Creates Diamonds Globalization Creates Industrial Clusters How Surat Conquered the Diamond World: [removed]. Holding unregulated crypto assets like Bitcoin in India could attract punishment. India to set up 3 new agencies including cyber and space to boost defence capabilities. The new Doval Durbar reduces Indias layered security system to a topdown Caliphate.. PM Modi warns Saudi Arabia says high oil prices will hurt global economic growth. Indias new Fourth Industrial Revolution centre. Google may partner with Flipkart Paytm to launch its Shopping tab in India Report. Global Hunger Index 2018 India ranks 103rd out of 119 countries. If you think the traffic situation in Lower Parel is bad right now what will happen in 2022. Times of India Driving licences to be uniform across India.: Times of India Driving licences to be uniform across India. https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/drivinglicencestobeuniformacrossindia/articleshow/66199699.cmsUTMSourceGoogleNewsstandampUTMCampaignRSSFeedampUTMMediumReferral. A first in country Maharashtra to start home delivery of liquor.. Rs 96000 worth fake notes recovered from Mumbai. Exclusive U.S. senators urge India to soften data localization stance. Thierry Henry to take over as Monacos manager Reports. [NP] Some Internet Users May Face Network Failures Over Next 48 Hours Report. major issue of air pollution in India Indian government should fix this issue too in the entire 29 states. EMV chip for Debit and Credit cards. Trumps willingness to antagonize the world triggers ChinaIndia rapprochement. Where Bangladesh Beats India. Indian here.. While high oil prices roil you govt oil companies are getting richer. India is the only major economy on target for Copenhagen accord and close to Paris agreement.. Government hikes customs duty on 17 items list includes smart watches telecom equipment. After Centres Fuel Price Cut Jaitley Challenged States To Follow But 3 Opposition States Had Led Way. Positioned 115th India Rejects World Banks Human Capital Index. Rafale Deal Gets Murkier as French Report Reveals New Facts. Global farm equipment market to reach US 200 bn by 2024. India lost 79.5bn from climaterelated disasters in 20yrs UN report. Reportedly Flipkart cofounder Sachin Bansal to invest 100mn in Ola. Odisha Governor lays foundation stone for 2G ethanol biorefinery. Weaker solar radiation poor ratings of discoms keep solar tariff above Rs 3/unit in UP. UPDATE Dassault Aviation issues statement over reports in French media. Says it has freely chosen to make a partnership with Indias Reliance Group.. RafaleDeal Report says Reliance was mandatory for Dassault Frenchcompany denies. Consumers not confident about economy or jobs RBI Survey. Inland Waterways Authority of India will be starting a new Roll onRoll off RoRo facility for Majuli Island. Is import substitution the right policy for India: [removed]. GDP Grew 6.8 Annually In 5 Years To 2015 Jobs 0.6 New Report Contradicts PMs Advisers. Dassault document says Anil Ambani firm as Rafale partner was imperative and mandatory Report. Gujarat HC junks PIL for segregation of nonvegetarians on trains. Fee Structure Fee Balance Inventory Report School ERP. Cabinet okays MoUs with Lebanon in agriculture with Romania in tourism. Report India to become worlds 11th wealthiest nation by 2022. No Azim Premji jobs report does not use erroneous data to study employment in India. Japanese Passport Named Worlds Most Powerful Indian Passport Ranks 81 in the Henley Passport Index. Reminder We have 12 hours to shape Indias privacy law: Everyday we are all dealing with information overloads. So as a friendly reminder we are letting you know that a little less than 12 hours remain for a government consultation on a draft privacy and data protection law. Today is the last day to send in comments. A privacy law will determine important issues for our digital freedoms and society. From how our personal data is used by the government compulsory ID schemes mass surveillance to how private parties profit off it and yes even permit interference in elections by microtargetting of propaganda. We know many may want to send in comments but dont know how. Follow the steps below to send your feedback. 1. [Download this handy guide we have prepared.]https//saveourprivacy.in/media/all/DataProtectionBillChapterBasedGuideGuide12.09.2018.pdf You can use it to draw up your own submissions or just attach to a statement that you agree with it we also encourage people to draw up their own submissions to help read our [guides and explainers]https//saveourprivacy.in/coverages over specific issues. 2. [Click here to go the government website and participate.]http//meity.gov.in/content/dataprotectionbillfeedback We urge you to please participate and ask the government to protect us not large data brokers or surveillance programs and compulsory biometric schemes which take away our freedoms. Thank you for your time and please feel free to ask us any questions on privacy data protection issues or the process the government is following. There may be some a time gap between responses but we always try to ping back. . Worlds fastestgrowing economy isnt creating jobs like before.. Global headwinds big test for Modi ahead of 2019 polls. How NRIs keep Indiaamprsquos Current Account Deficit in Check. Huge Gaps In Implementation Of Old Age Pension Schemes Supreme Court. Sensex falls 175 points on rupee woes rising crude prices. Rupee slumps 33 paise to close at record low of 74.39. Jharkhand invites invest in agriculture amp food processing. Paswan emphasises on building consumers trust in FMCG amp Retail. best immigration consultancy in hyderabad. Now is the time to build on Swachh Bharats success Bill Gates. No respite from skyrocketing fuel prices despite rate cut. US keen to invest in Indias infra port solar sector development OPIC. Agriculture minister bats for organic farming. IMF projects Indias growth at 7.3 in 2018 7.4 in 2019. So what do you hope your life will be like in 2040: The new [IPCC report]https//www.reuters.com/article/usclimatechangereportexclusive/exclusiveglobalwarmingsettoexceed15cslowgrowthundraftidUSKBN1JA1HD indicates that by 2040 there will be widespread drought poverty mass migration etc due to climate change. India is also the country that will be [most adversely impacted]https//www.livemint.com/Science/AphhJrsCVyNACWGX3sxfEJ/Indiaamongtopcountriestoincurmaxlossfromclimatecha.html economically and environmentally. The future of our children seems really horrible. . Rupee crashes to new record closing low of 74.06 against US dollar Times of India. RBI Survey Indians are not buying tall stories about the economy and jobs. Gujarat to bring law to make 80 local hiring mandatory for firms. 30 per cent driving licences are fake Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari. FATCA/CRS Mandatory Froms: [removed]. New India on rise Centre states brought in over 10000 reforms in last two years says Narendra Modi. Mega health insurance scheme Ayushman Bharat runs out of money asks Finance Ministry for additional funds. UNICEF Praises PM Modi For Investing Time In Health Sanitation Issues. Major Climate Report Describes a Strong Risk of Crisis as Early as 2040. Ramlila delayed as Ram Lakshman stage dharna against stinking pond in Varanasi. ELI5 What is the NPA problem that the Indian banking sector faces How big is this issue and how does it affect the countrys economy Finally how did we reach here and what is the government doing to address it. Gita Gopinath appointed IMF Chief Economist. Anurag Kashyap Issues Statement on Vikas Bahl Controversy Says He Anonymously Reported it. Most powerful countries India 16th and Pakistan 20th. Turkey is 13th.. Most powerful countries India 16th Pak 20th. Provocative media reports fuel communal hatemongering on Ankit Gargs murder. Exclusive Reliance Defence was made offset partner for S400 missile deal with Russia in 2015. Exclusive India inks S400 with Russia Reliance Defence signed offset contract in 2015. MDH Owner Mahashay Dharampal Gulati Dies at 99 Report. Should the US Sanction Indias Russian Defense Shopping Spree. Reliance Defence was named offset partner in S400 deal with Russia. Indias Act East Policy. Oil prices and the hypocrisy of the opposition. What can we citizens do to save falling rupee: I dont want rants saying we could do nothing government sucksetc. I just wanted a list of things we could do like reduce petrol diesel plastic usage etc. One of these reasons for failing rupee is huge imports and trade deficit being paid in dollars leading to selling of rupees and increase in demand for dollars.. Ben Johnsons 1988 Olympics dope test reports were tampered with. Wahat Happpen if: If trunmp died what happen in the world... Banks telecom companies could be allowed to use Aadhaar says Jaitley. Gita Gopinath and Indias Brain Drain Highprofile Westerntrained economists no longer appear welcome in Narendra Modis government. Gita Gopinath and Indias Brain Drain Highprofile Westerntrained economists no longer appear welcome in Narendra Modis government.. Vat Rates On Fuel Slashed In 11 States. Rupee at 74 against dollar is still better than its peers RBI governor Urjit Patel. India ADB sign 110 mn loan to improve rural roads in MP. India to share agriculture expertise with Suriname. Manohar Parrikars defence rejig saved Rs49300 crore. RBI holds rates Rupee crosses 74mark to the dollar Sensex crashes 792 pts. 1 United States Dollar equals 74.19 Indian Rupee Highest ever. India Russia formally ink the 5.2 billion deal for S400 air defence system. Indian Rupee hits lifetime low of Rs. 74/ agains USD.: [removed]. Stock Market crash Sensex Market mayhem Rs 3.31 lakh crore equity wealth wiped out. India risks US sanctions ahead of possible 5 billion Russia defense deal. Diamond Quadrilateral Project All You Need To Know: [removed]. India ranked 28th among 73 countries in govt epayment adoption 2018 Visa Survey. ILampFS crisis Action against exdirectors only after probe report. How first cut in fuel prices in a year could strain finances. Sorry Washington India Cannot Be Cowered Away From Russia. Investors become poorer by Rs 5 lakh crore in two days of market crash. Petrol diesel prices cut LIVE updates 6 BJPruled states announce fuel price cut by Rs 2.50. Proof of real development of India and the fastest growing economy in the world Alok Kumar. Centre Cuts Petrol Diesel Prices By Rs 2.50 Asks States To Make It Rs 5. Proof of real development of India and fastest growing economy in the world Alok Kumar. The Easy Money Era Is Over in India. Data Protection Bill Industry bodies write to IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad against data localisation. Amartya Sen blames Left for economy decline in Bengal [Old]. Black Market Sand Mafias. Looking for contact: [removed]. Deepening farm crisis in India could hurt Modis reelection bid. Rupee Hits New AllTime Low Of 73.77 Against Dollar 10 Things To Know. Dollar to Rupees OMG. After Contamination Pharma Company Banned From Producing Polio Vaccines. Bearish signals When minimum support price is only on paper. EU and FAO to build a more sustainable future for all. WHO HAS TO MONITOR ECONOMIC REGULATORY AUTHORITY CA K HANMANDLOO Money Mantan TV. WHAT ARE THE PLANNING PRECAUTIONS PERFORMANCE OF Economic Regulatory Authority Money Mantan TV. How Tamil Nadu Officials Made Up A Report To Aid Illegal SandMining. Prepared in four days report concluded no illegal mining was taking place along Tamil Nadus coast. [May 18]. In Soviet India government abandons you.. Chennaibased journalist Sandhya Ravishankar alleges stalking intimidation after reports on sand mining mafia. Petrol stares at century in Mumbai diesel hovers around Rs 80. Rupee breaches 73/dollar but pain may not be over yet. Tanushree claimedlied MNS attacking her but the guy was pawan bhardwaj from sahara news. 2008 zeenews report confirms. Bank Of Maharashtra 51 branches merged or closed. Check the list on website of bank.. Dhanuka Agritech organises Farmer Welfare Conference in Bihar. AIIB approves US455million loan for rural roads in AP. Did Ancient Indian Rishis Beat Newton to Gravity Moment AICTE Brings in New Engineering Course. Shadow banking crisis may push Indias central bank to leave the rupee stranded. If agitators damage property leaders must go to cops Supreme Court. If there are unsubstantiated claims it will be reviewed by a committee AICTE chief. In India 82 Male And 92 Female Workers Earn Less Than 10000 Per Month Report. Cash transactions up after demonetisation but Indias ATM network far from adequate. In India 82 male and 92 female workers earn less than 10000 per month Report. Kisan rally Nearly 20000 farmers march to Delhi with 15 demands city borders barricaded. CSE assessment finds major gaps in making villages open defecation free. Rafale being brought to attack Pakistan says BJP. Story of a Feku and a Pappu.. DU LSR alumna Gita Gopinath appointed as Chief Economist of IMF Big proud moment for India. Have Plan To Deal With Backlog Of Cases Says Justice Ranjan Gogoi. Indias sanitation summit overshadows problems that persist. In Shock Move India Nationalizes Giant Shadow Bank At Center Of Market Rout. Adultery rulingWoman commits suicide after husband justifies affair blames the Supreme court ruling. Maharashtra Buldhana farmer dies of starvation as shop owner denies ration for no aadhar link. 10 more days to comment on Indias privacy law: Last week was all about the Aadhaar judgement. Within it all five judges of the Supreme Court repeatedly indicated the urgent need for a strong privacy and data protection law [read how a privacy law stops Aadhaar]https//saveourprivacy.in/blog/aadhaarjudgementrequiresastrongerdataprotectionlaw. But chances are we wont get such a law till you speak up. Wondering how The ongoing government consultation on a draft privacy and data protection law has been extended and is still open for public comment. But do hurry this extension is only till October 10 2018. Follow the steps below to send your feedback. 1. [Download this handy guide we have prepared.]https//saveourprivacy.in/media/all/DataProtectionBillChapterBasedGuideGuide12.09.2018.pdf You can use it to draw up your own submissions or just attach it and whether you agree with it we also encourage people to draw up their own submissions to help read our [guides and explainers]https//saveourprivacy.in/coverages over specific issues. 2. [Click here to go the government website.]http//meity.gov.in/content/dataprotectionbillfeedback Remember you have to do this in the next ten days. A few minutes will help you protect your privacy and data for years to come.. When Kerala will look like Norway and Madhya Pradesh like Tunisia. Opinion Indias urban mobility and congestion problem. When Kerala will look like Norway and Madhya Pradesh like Tunisia. RBI data on Public Sector Banks In four years banks writeoff over seven times recovery. Between April 2014 and April 2018 the countrys 21 Stateowned banks ended up writing off Rs 316500 crore of loans. Killer Indian roads claim lives of 56 pedestrians daily.. India airports Has PM Modi built more than others. LPG cylinder price hiked by Rs 59 subsidised gas to cost Rs 2.89 more. BCCI likely to rope in a new spin coach Report. If petrol price hits Rs 100 mark petrol pumps across India will stop working.. If petrol price hits 100 petrol pumps across India will stop working.. Submitting to the people who are bewildered by the support to HAL. 20 Questions on Aadhaar amp understanding the Supreme Court verdict. Free market money: Whats your say on people in free country having the freedom to choose free market money Basically is micro economics gt macro economics Is individual sovereignty gt State sovereignty If so opinion on government imposed capital controls on usd/gold holdings. . EPL 2018 Chelsea vs Liverpool Prematch report. This blog by Gautam Bhatia explains the Aadhar judgement pretty well in a series of articles. Those interested in knowing the legal aspects of the judgement do check out.. My points on Adultery Where did i went wrong: I had an argument with my friend on divorces and supreme courts judgement on Adultery his point was that SCs judgment is bringing equality which is great ampx200B My point was that 1. if wife is having extramarital affair and husband is able to prove it and they take divorce women marries the one she love 2. If wife is having extramarital affair and husband is not able to prove it but their is tension in Marriage and they go for divorce Man pays Maintenance. 3. If husband is having extramarital affair and wife is able to prove it they take divorce Man pays Maintenance. 4. If husband is having extramarital affair and wife is not able to prove it but their is tension in Marriage they go for divorce Man pays Maintenance. ampx200B. If your employer asks for Aadhaar for the purpose of Provident Fund then give it in writing to them PF is contributed from employee salary employer. It does NOT come from Consolidated Fund of India. Hence Provident Fund does NOT come under Section 7 of Aadhaar Act.. Idli Sambar Dosa Will Outlast Pizza and Burgers Says Venkaiah Naidu. Real Time GDP Calculator: [removed]. Journalists Ravish Kumar amp Prasun Bajpai speaking at Committee Against Assault on Journalists CAAJ forum: [Ravish Kumar section]https//www.youtube.com/watchvBniMCUAHhA [Prasun Bajpai section]https//www.youtube.com/watchvpgiEZfisddk https//twitter.com/caajindia They speak on how the journalistic landscape of the country has changed for the worse in recent years and how it was different previously. They talk aboutBajpais section how Commercialization/Profitmaking is the core driving force rather than actual censorship or propaganda. Bajpais section is a bit odd in that he says he rarely if ever faced pressure of a certain kind. Which is why there was also the following article about this speech of his. [The curious Uturn of Punya Prasun Bajpai]https//www.newslaundry.com/2018/09/24/thecuriousuturnofpunyaprasunbajpai Still both are an interesting watch. Both videos are not long either. . Indias biometric ID plan must protect privacy court. States average GST revenue shortfall down to 13 in 201819. Smart City is merely a slogan misnomer Christopher Benninger. Smart City is a slogan misnomer Christopher Benninger. Welcome to Noida Extension Property Reviews london mart london mart review commercial properties forum Londonmart ncr properties review real estate reviews london mart ncr review commercial property reviews properties feedback London Mart Reviews. You gave Facebook your phone number for security. They sold it to advertisers Report. 30th Sept last date for public comments on the proposes Data protection and Privacy Bill.: Ola The government has invited public comments on the propossed Data protection and Privacy bill 2018. The due date for which is 30th September 2018. L You can submit your comments here http//meity.gov.in/content/dataprotectionbillfeedback For more clarity follow the comments and reports submitted by the Internet Democracy Project. P.s I know this is terribly late but I posted it as soon as I found out myself. . Soooo. Sabarimala verdict live updates SC ends ban on entry of women into temple head priest says verdict disappointing. ILampFS Financial Services declares fresh defaults of 395 crore. Analysis Indias shadow banking scare could derail its robust growth story. Christmas Cricket on the Cards Down UnderReport. [Podcast] Where are the jobs. Government fights rupee drop cash crunch in coordinated policy moves Times of India. PM Modi French President Macron get UNs highest environmental honor: [removed]. Question regarding Deleting/purging of AAdhar details from entities which had collected the before the SC judgment: Hello All Now that the SC has deemed that private companies cannot collect aadhar information is there a way I can ask my bank Insurance companies and mobile service provider to delete my Aadhar data from their databases. Is it mentioned anywhere in the judgment that they have to do it proactively or on customer request only. Supreme court verdict on Aadhar card now it will not be necessary everywhere. I do not understand the section 497 ruling article: [The Article]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/supremecourtstrikesdownadulteryasanoffencekeyhighlights/articleshow/65975511.cms Section 497 of the Indian Penal Code was dealing with Adultery. As per the Indian law a woman cannot be punished for the offence of adultery. Only a man who has consensual sexual intercourse with the wife of another man without his consent can be punished under this offence in India. Why does the article say things like gt It was manifestly arbitrary and dents the individuality of women. Wasnt this one of the laws which only protected women irrespective of her adultery and only criminalised men for the same crime. PAN Card mandatory but Aadhaar is not mandatory for bank acc but Aadhaarpan link is mandatory. AadhaarVerdict. A very interesting thread on how CAG reports in 2012 led to high NPAs and economic distress. CAG Report Exposes Irregularities in Karnataka Health Dept Says Patients Given Substandard Drugs. FM Arun Jaitley launches portal to grant MSME loans within an hour. How India has evolved since Independence in the numbers. Supreme Court LIVE updates Adultery law ruled unconstitutional in unanimous verdict section 497 struck down. Supreme Court strikes down adultery as an offence Key highlights. How to delink Aadhaar from digital wallet bank Stepbystep guide. With creamy layer in SC/ST quotas Supreme Court fundamentally changes how caste reservations work. Husband Not the Master SC Rules Adultery Not a Criminal Offence. Govt hikes import tariffs on 19 items ACs refrigerators footwear hit. Sorry. Government hikes customs duty on 19 items to curb widening CAD. Supreme Court Verdict on Aadhaar Whats valid and whats not Everything you need to know about todays Aadhaar verdict. computer science should be mandatory for lawyers and judges.: Have seen too many people asking for ethics to be made mandatory for computer engineers. The recent aadhaar judgment makes me think computer science should be mandatory for judges. Have them develop and deploy a few web application scale it up to handle the load defend it against cyber attacks before allowing them to judge technical matters.. Rate Of Unemployment In India Highest In 20 Years Report. How to check how many numbers my aadhaar is linked with I recently bought Jio SIM. The guy made me punch my thumb twice saying it didnt work. But I got Aadhar email twice.: I tried to contact Jio TollFree but not able to reach the representative. Any other way to check what all the numbers my Aadhaar is linked with. Especially in Jio.. My list of issues with Aadhaar. Probably more but here are 22. Spoke about some of these with amitvarma and ankitv AadhaarVerdict https//t.co/FZbxKgDJsl: Check out nixxins Tweet https//twitter.com/nixxin/status/1044805322093809664s09. Supreme Court declares Aadhaar as Constitutionally valid. Supreme Court declares Aadhaar as Constitutionally valid: [removed]. Supreme Court upholds Aadhar but limits its uses. This is really good to see that 26 of budget is allocated for education. Thanks to AAP government.. Supreme Court rules Aadhaar not mandatory for bank accounts mobile numbers school admissions: https//indianexpress.com/article/india/aadhaarverdictsupremecourtjudgmentuidai5374829/. Indian Badminton Stars Saina Nehwal Parupalli Kashyap Set to Tie The Knot Report. Aadhaar verdict SC says Aadhaar constitutionally valid but not everyone can seek access: https//indianexpress.com/article/india/aadhaarverdictliveupdatessupremecourtjudgmenttoday5374587/ . Supreme Court Aadhar Verdict Discussion Thread. Aadhaar verdict live updates The Hindu. It is better to be unique than to be best... Aadhaar is based on being unique... says Justice Sikri. AadhaarVerdict. Aadhaar Verdict in Supreme Court LIVE Updates Bench Assembles Ruling in Indias Second Longest Case Shortly. 57 of regular Indian employees earn less than 10000. Jaitley hits out at Raghuram Rajan says postmortem easier than taking action. Even Hindus Exist Meerut Police Assaults Woman for Dating a Muslim Man. The incident the video of which has gone viral on social media took place after the interfaith couple was harassed by members of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad before reportedly handing them over to the police.. So a few people have left India with loans of thousands of crores: Why are we not creating a list of all people with such loans and keeping special tabs on them Or why do I not see any news article creating a list of these people and speaking about them before they flee the country I am sure this information is publicly available. At least an inquiry board with a list of people who have borrowed money and are in serious debt have defaulted on their repayments...etc etc might help prevent these things What do you guys think. Who controls your data India may pass a law ensuring that you do.. Modicare has a long haul ahead of it. Aadhaar judgment expected tomorrow. How the National Pension System works to see you through your sunset years. Nifty hovering around 11000. Ayushman Bharat 1 thousand patients benefit on the first day Food amp Health Humanity. Centre forms panel after JICA stops funds for bullet train. Marketing Bandar Latest Headlines News Online News Top News. In less than 24 hrs Modicare benefits over 1000 patients Times of India. Modicare India Launches the Biggest Healthcare Scheme. Petrol crosses Rs 90mark in Mumbai for the first time Local Press Co. Puff Pieces OneSided Reports Ahead Of Elections Are Paid News Election Commission To SC. Why Petrol/Diesel Prices are Increasing in India. Ayushman Bharat Trivializes Indias Quest for Universal Health Care. Far more Indians kill themselves than previously assumed The Economist. The staggering costs of Indias healthcare system. The Indian Flu or Why the Crash of the Economy Is Imminent. Ayushman Bharat Trivialises Indias Quest for Universal Health Care. What happened to all the money collected from Swachh Bharat cess. Petrol price touches 90 in Mumbai. Closely monitoring financial markets along with Sebi ready to take actions RBI. Finance Minister Questions Hollande On Rafale Truth Cant Have 2 Versions. PM Modi launches worlds largest govt healthcare scheme. Modicare India launches worlds biggest experiment in universal healthcare. Head to vellore for some free petrol: [removed]. HAL staff is angry with own defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman. Indian states and union territories by GRDP nominal per capita .. Potential of Cryptocurrencies in India 2 part writeup: Just a log of my thoughts on decentralizing India with cryptocurrency tech and DLTs. For those Indian crypto fans and enthusiasts here in r/india . This is not light reading in any way and each writeup is at least a 15 min read. Part 1 [https//www.minds.com/blog/view/852833023295651840]https//www.minds.com/blog/view/852833023295651840 Part 2 [https//www.minds.com/shadedmirrors/blog/decentralizingindiawithdistributedledgertechnologiespa889482225182662656]https//www.minds.com/shadedmirrors/blog/decentralizingindiawithdistributedledgertechnologiespa889482225182662656 PS I am just a crypto enthusiast throwing out some ideas in the spirit of public discourse. If there are better ideas out there that build on these concepts discuss I am all ears. Personally I feel the decentralized nature of these systems suits the Indian way of life business and general diversity very well. ampx200B. Will PM Modi break his silence over Rafale row. ExFrench President Hollande strikes. After Hollandes Bombshell French Govt Says Not Involved in Choice of Indian Partners for Rafale Deal. Sexual assault on 4yrold in Hyd Another case reported from same school in old city. Statement by the Spokesperson of the Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs. Rafale deal statement by France. Geography of Upward Mobility in India. Teaching a noble profession that lost its core values HornetPost. Why is the adult film industry illegal in India: Help support the change here https//www.change.org/p/ravishankarprasadlegalisetheadultfilmindustryinindiarecruiter465822778amputmsourcesharepetitionamputmmediumcopylinkamputmcampaignsharepetitionamputmterm36a262a5460241479fcd49ec7acb922c If you think it should be legalised sign the petition. Support a free internet. Say no to regulation. . My Report Become a Citizen Journalist Report Your Story. Over 10 Years Poverty Rate In India Reduced To Half UN Report. Bank NPAs A 5Ws2Hs Analysis. Bishop Franco Mulakkal accused of raping nun arrested Reports. CAG Questions Gujarat Govts Claim on Open Defecation Free Status.... CAG report reveals irregularities in government schemes in Odisha... Why Indian Rupees Falling against US Dollar Dollar Rate Today. Pakistan asks India to suspend work on Kishanganga Ratle hydro power projects in Jammu and Kashmir Times of India. CAG report finds major lapses in the Gujarat govts flagship health schemes... CMIEs Mahesh Vyas says 3.5 million jobs lost due to demonetisation. Reserve Bank of India Versus Cryptos. Delhi governments expert committees to select groom sports talent. Muzaffarpur shelter home horror SC ends ban on media reporting. 1 ltr of petrol in India costs 21 of the daily GDP per capita. Lost my wallet which had my Aadhar card color copy and my debit card linked to my Aadhar. Im worried. What can happen: Ive blocked my debit card. But my identity on Aadhar info number home address etc is out there with someone. Im freaking out right now thinking of what could go wrong. Can my identity be stolen and misused Please advice . . Three experts explain how biometrics DID NOT make Aadhar more secure Indian Express. While high oil prices roil you govt oil companies are getting richer. India has no right to pretend it is an inclusive democracy. More infants died in India last year than in Pakistan China and Ethiopia put together. Indian Flight Turns Back After 30 Passengers Report Sick. Inside Italys Shadow Economy. NPAs of public sector banks tripled since June 2014. Global tech firms gear up to fight Indias planned data law. VISA dos and donts: Hello friends I have a visa appointment tomorrow for an Irish Visa. Its for a job interview. If anyone has been in a similar situation if youve applied for an Irish visa not necessarily for an interview could you please share Dos and Donts If this is a wrong place to ask could you redirect me to the right thread if you know it. Amazon Samara buy Aditya Birla Group retail chain for Rs 42 bn Report. Bike taxi will be affordable traveler will visit Taj Mahal now. Gujarat Assembly increases MLAs salary by at least Rs 45000. Adventure Tourism in India Leading to Deaths and Massive Environmental Degradation: Litigation against mass trekking operations has led to a ban on nearly all mountain tourism in Uttarakhand leaving 100000 jobless and an industry without a future. But this doesnt solve the problem or punish those responsible. ampx200B [https//www.outdoorjournal.com/featured/opinioneditorial/adventuretourisminindiauttarakhandban/]https//www.outdoorjournal.com/featured/opinioneditorial/adventuretourisminindiauttarakhandban/. Backlog burden of Supreme Court from Aadhaar to Ayodhya. Adventure Tourism in India Leading to Deaths and Massive Environmental Degradation: [removed]. Desi headache for Facebook amp Twitter: [removed]. Make in India wont fix the real problems. Will RCEP help us: [removed]. LIC stays invested in zerorevenue loss making companies as mutual funds exit. A platform to report polluting vehicles on road: What do you guys think about a platform where we can report licence numbers of vehicles on road which are emitting a lot of pollution The database can be accessed by state pollution control boards. I live in Bangalore. I have noticed this problem especially among those old diesel vehicles passing by me which almost chokes me to death. Lets build this as an open source project and do it together . National Pension System PFRDA tops value shared supports speculation by NPS. Father Stan Swamy activist raided in Bhima Koregaon probe irked govt with report on jailed tribals in Jharkhand. SCIF SMIN INDA India is known for being the fastest growing economy in the World. HAL was dropped from Rafale deal by UPA govt itself says Nirmala Sitharaman. Why Indians dont hack WiFi networks anymore. Reserve Bank of India Versus Cryptos. Opinion This bank merger must put strategy before size. The most influential judgements in Supreme Courts history. Couple receives petrol as wedding present. One manual scavenging death every five days Official data Data obtained by The Indian Express shows that only 109 of the 170 districts have filed their response and only 62 have identified at least one manual scavenger.. Fuel Price hike continues Petrol nears Rs 90/litre in Mumbai and Rs 83/litre in Delhi. This report points out 4 professors from IITK to be guilty of casteist discrimination. I have myself been a low caste student under 2 of the professors mentioned and have never felt discriminated.. Jabariya Jodi ParineetiEktas funny banter over Sidharths reported exit. India to merge three stateowned banks to tackle sour debt Reuters. If any under construction property is registered under RERA Can I ignore documents verification and go ahead with seals deed: I in process of buying underconstruction flat in Bangalore.The builder mentioned position date on or before March 2019. The builder has already builted and completed more than 10 projects. Its a my first time I am buying flat.. Exports rise in fastest pace in 3 months.. The Ghost of Corruption Haunts Modi and His Government.. The real problem with this country is the economy.: No matter who you elect crime wont go down substantially. The only way to reduce crime is to develop your country. You can and should try to fix the societal issues but theres no poor countrie that isnt crime ridden. India needs about 20 years of development at current rates thats it. . Visiting Himachal Pradesh for a Malana Cream or chitta high The CM has other plans. AP Essay Violence Meets WellTraveled Reporter in Hometown. The roadmap to military reform in India. Indian billionaire buys 2mn mansion for his daughter Report. Arun Jaitley says confident of meeting fiscal deficit target. Demonization was only harmful: I came across a politically unbiased article today. It stated that a RBI study data proved that 99.3 percent of all the money in the big notes that were in the circulation was exchanged. Thats 15 lakh crores. And that demonization did NOT achieve its said goals. And that it definitely wasnt worth the hassle and stagnation of growth. Any thoughts . Where are the jobs in Modi Regime. Govt steps in to shore up rupee curb current account deficit. Bhima Koregaon Violence Pune Police Deny Appointing FactFinding Committee. HDI report Millions out of poverty alarming inequality in India. Burari deaths It wasnt suicide but accident finds CBI report. Petrol touches Rs100 per litre in Delhi Petrol pumps closed as Machines fail. NonPerforming Assets When and how did banks pile up such bad loans. Parking is not a right Indian cities need to rethink how they use public spaces. Had a discussion regarding fuel price increase with friends can someone please answer this query: We were having a discussion and making fun of the amazing math done by BJP regarding the same on their twitter and I said the price per barrel was 100 back then and is around 80 now someone pointed out that the rate of rupee vs dollar has also increased. So that makes it more expensive to buy the fuel. Is it so And how much of a difference does it make Thanks.. Freecharge sells your data to multiple ad providers as well as Facebook.: India needs a good online privacy law like GDPR. But until that day only thing we can do is to let people know what is happening. Today I want to write about [freecharge.in]https//freecharge.in. This website blatantly takes data and shares it with 3rd party companies. I installed [Ghostery]https//github.com/ghostery/ghosteryextension on my browser and voila a list of all trackers including Facebook became visible. Screenshot below as proof gt[https//imgur.com/a/ZKUkXcC]https//imgur.com/a/ZKUkXcC gt gt[https//imgur.com/a/9XbnDAF]https//imgur.com/a/9XbnDAF 2 similar screenshots just to show all the trackers on their home page. I understand when websites which do not directly make money do these things to earn some money but this is a website where people pay money to buy services still they are doing this. This is sadly also not the end. If you have ghostery installed and enabled then freecharge will not let you log in. This means unless you are unwillingly sharing your information with these trackers you will not be able to use their services. While I alone cannot bring about any change to what is happening maybe sharing this here will make some people aware and they will atleast take a step to control the data they are giving away or will now give away their data with consent.. Centre launches Dairy Processing amp Infrastructure Development Fund. UN Puts India in Shameful List of 38 Countries for Reprisals on Rights Activists. Economic amp Banking Crisis Of India. Is natural gas in India deregulated: I am looking for information regarding the natural gas pricing mechanism of India specifically whether it is regulated or deregulated. Any help regarding this will be greatly appreciated. Thanks.. PMAASHA to provide MSP assurance to the farmers. Interactive Visualization Explores the Relationship between State Communal Violence and Elections. Interactive Widget for Exploring Relationship between State Communal Violence amp Elections. Headache Continues Govt bans Saridon and other FDCs. Rupee Targets Slashed as Overseas Funds Dump Indian Bonds. SOUTH INDIA Mega Projects and Development SOUTH INDIA Economy road and...: [removed]. Participate in the Data Protection Consultation: Greetings [/r/India]https//www.reddit.com/r/India A public consultation is not much till the public participates. But data protection is a complex area and an [ongoing government consultation]http//meity.gov.in/content/feedbackdraftpersonaldataprotectionbill on Indias draft data protection law is closing soon on September 30th. Given up already Dont. Its easy to participate and voice your opinion. We believe everyone should have a choice in letting the government know what type of data protection law best protects their privacy. To make this consultation more accessible for people we have prepared a handy [15page guide with graded recommendations]https//saveourprivacy.in/media/all/DataProtectionBillChapterBasedGuideGuide12.09.2018.pdf. https//i.redd.it/cd3yvbtg7xl11.png But why bother A data protection law is incredibly important and will impact all of us in deep pervasive ways financially socially and professionally. For instance the Governments draft law has a provision that permits employers to surveil their employees without seeking their consent. Such measures can lead to a legal system of data protection that undermines your privacy and rights. The only way to cure such problems is to shake off the cynicism and engage. We hope these recommendations help the general public civil society and digital rights organisations formulate their responses. Looking for more information If you are looking for more background such as articles video explainers and the like on separate issues of data protection head over to our [resources page]https//saveourprivacy.in/coverages. Apar Drafting Volunteer [SaveOurPrivacy.in]https//SaveOurPrivacy.in SaveOurPrivacy is a community campaign powered by the Internet Freedom Foundation supported by 10000 people and 27 organisations. Its objective is to ensure that your right to privacy is secured and protected in the digital space. If you have any ideas for support or comments please do reach out to us at contactsaveourprivacy.in . Indias Petrol and Diesel price may fall if government adopted these methods. Petrol prices in india. Sugarcane Leads to Diabetes Grow Something Else CM Yogi Adityanath to UP Farmers: News18 Sugarcane Leads to Diabetes Grow Something Else CM Yogi Adityanath to UP Farmers. https//www.news18.com/news/politics/sugarcaneleadstodiabetesgrowothercropscmyogitoupfarmers1875049.html. Raghuram Rajans note reaffirms Modis credentials as banking reformer: Commentary on Rajans note published in Firstpost [https//www.firstpost.com/business/raghuramrajannotetoparliamentarypanelcongressblamingmodifornpamessisbunkumitcondemnsupaeramistakes5168561.html]https//www.firstpost.com/business/raghuramrajannotetoparliamentarypanelcongressblamingmodifornpamessisbunkumitcondemnsupaeramistakes5168561.html ampx200B Link to actual note while cautious in blaming corruption definitely underscores lack of risk management and prudence [https//www.scribd.com/document/388322475/ParliamentaryNoteRaghuramRajan]https//www.scribd.com/document/388322475/ParliamentaryNoteRaghuramRajan ampx200B. A Blind Man Fighting FakeCases. Relationship between Communal Violence and Elections. Gay sex ruling to free Indias pink economy. Despite what Modi says the world still thinks India is as corrupt as ever Feb 18. JampK Suspected militants attack police personnel no casualties reported. Aadhaar Enrolment Database Compromised UIDAI Dismisses Reports. Food system transitions in India may impact global food system Study. PressStatement UIDAI hereby dismisses a news report appearing in social and online media about Aadhaar blahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblahblah. Should Narendra Modi Really Resign For Fuel Price Hike Chakravarthy Su.... Should Narendra Modi Really Resign For Fuel Price Hike Chakravarthy Su...: Please listen till end of this video so nicely its been explained it gives an insight what is our Honorable PM Modi Ji is doing for our nation. BIMSTEC embarrassment for India Nepal Thailand send only observers to groupings first joint military exercise being held in Pune. Still too many children out of school. ELI5What are the reasons behind the ongoing slump in the value of rupee and the rise in the fuel prices.: I cant really depend on news channels anymore the coverage almost always seems biased. Online resources seem a bit abstruse to be honest. Someone care to elucidate please.. Andhra slashes petrol diesel prices by Rs 2 a litre with Rs 1120 crore burden. UIDAI Social Media Body not a Snooper. Former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan fires back at Niti Aayog VC Rajiv Kumars ludicrous NPA resolution led to slowdown claim. Read his full letter to the Lok Sabhas Committee on Estimates here. Panga director dismisses reports of Kangana Ranaut signing noninterference clause. Fuel prices all time high Petrol at Rs 80.87/litre in Delhi Rs 88.26/litre in Mumbai. How true is this What happens if you consider inflation. What actually happened with demonetization: I know that 99.3 notes came back. But BJP still calls it a success while others strongly disagree. I am pretty sure that the pace at which the operation was carried out was nothing more than a gimmick. Also Ive heard people claiming that black money just became two times more portable. So what actually happened Anything good for the nation. Swachh Bharat scuffle death Pratapgarh police report clears the accused. This is what PM Dr. Manmohan Singh said in his address to the nation on Jun 4 2008 on rising Petrol prices which they controlled by issuing bonds worth 1.44 lakh crore.: [removed]. Indian Railways paperless unreserved tickets see whopping rise From 195 to 67000 in 3 years. 40 Ayurveda Hospitals in Rajasthan Didnt Admit Any Patient for 5 Consecutive Years CAG report.... India made rapid progress in increasing access to sanitation in schools UN report. Johnson amp Johnson buried key facts on faulty hip implant surgeries kept regulator in dark. The report by a govt panel states that over 3600 patients with the faulty implants remain untraceable and that at least four deaths have been reported from those who underwent surgeries using these devices.. What BJP did what Congress did and what People did. Digital India in good use.. Opening a new bank account without aadhar: Oh my it sucks Trying to open a new back account for the past 2 weeks and no bank is accepting th forms without Aadhar no HDFC Induslind even axis Such a pain in the ass. According to the latest PMLA Prevention of money laundering act Aadhar seeding is compulsory. So banks have made it mandatory for customers opening a new account with them. Bhenhod. Supreme court ka Order ka no use. . Petrol Prices Cross 88 Rupees/ Litre In Mumbai Cheapest In Delhi Among 4 Metros. There seems to be reports that NET exam to be conducted in December 2018 is going to be online. Is this true: Even though application procedure has started on the nta website for the NET exam in December 2018 there does not seem to be any information on how the exam is going to be conducted online I might be wrong. If anyone has any information about this kindly reply.. Not Just Pizza... Arvind Kejriwal Launches Doorstep Delivery Service. Indias Exports May Benefit from U.S.China Trade War. Rupee is Asias worst performing currency ... but is it so bleak for India: [removed]. Fuel prices set a new record Petrol at Rs 80.73/litre in Delhi Rs 88.12/litre in Mumbai. Im not a promoter of any media body. But IMO India truly needs independent media body like TheWire. Do support them.. Indias Exports May Benefit from U.S.China Trade War. RBI Ban Hearing in 2 Days What Indian Crypto Exchanges Are Expecting Bitcoin News. Only 33 Indians save regularly for retirement HSBC report. WHO Report Ranked India 117 On The List Of Worlds Laziest Nations Is That So Bad. so tired of airtel digital tv chors: [removed]. ROIs most profitable relationships in trade and remittance. Nepal snubs India to skip 1st Bimstec antiterror drill. Kejriwal to home deliver your needed documents. No need to visit government offices.. Nepal gets access to all Chinese ports ending dependence on India for trade. The autopsy report Forensic investigations in India are done by doctors who are neither trained nor qualified leading to endless legal stalemates. Cash ban may have driven Indians away from banks The Japan Times. Fires at Mumbai towers every 2 days in last decade RTI reply. The RTI reply sought by activist Shakeel Ahmed Shaikh said the city saw about 48434 fire incidents from 2008 to June 2018 of which 1568 incidents were reported in highrise buildings.. Only 1 Rafale fighter jet out of 36 will arrive in India custommade Report. Wrongful Prosecution Miscarriage of Justice Legal Remedies Law Commission of India Report No. 277 SCC Blog. Need of Mobile Enterprise Application Platform in Business DeviceMax. Petrol Fuel price crosses Rs 80 in Delhi nears Rs 88 in Mumbai. Nepal gets access to all Chinese ports ending dependence on India for trade. Air India flight from Kerala lands on wrong runway pilots grounded what fo you think is it pilots problem or due to any other problem. MBA grads of r/India What was your placements committee like: Ive heard they whoop ass of juniors in a number of colleges. They know when a company is gonna come to campus but deliberately withhold this info. For instance we were told at 2 am that theres a company coming at 430 pm. They also abuse a lot and threaten juniors if they mess with them. Is this phenomenon present across India or only in select colleges If so whats the best way to tackle it instead of just ignoring it like a pussy Ive heard this happens even in esteemed colleges like IIML. I dont know if teachers are oblivious about all this happening or they simple choose to ignore it.. Agriculture Sector and Farmers ruined by Modi Government in India. demonetisation Cut the politics DStreet says cash ban was worth it amp why. Explain like Im 5: Why is the Ruppe plummeting. Solar installations plunged 52 in Q2 2018 price fluctuations uncertainties around trade cases impact growth. History owes an apology The key quotes from Indias landmark ruling on gay rights. Eternal Vigilance the Price We Must Pay for Democracy Former IAS Officer S.N. Shukla. Mumbai Fire breaks in Kamala Mills compound no casualties reported. The Crisis is in the Electricity Sector is not Just About NPAs NewsClick. One of biggest YouTube Channel H3 Productions Calling Indians Motherfuckers...... Trash talking about our bollywood culture.... Comparing Bollywood Legends to Janitors in their latest video. And all sorts of racism. Please report.: https//www.youtube.com/watchvdOsladVO250ampt204s In this video you can check it out yourself.. Indias Future Projects 20182100 India The Future Most Powerful Country [policy/economy]. Is India The Biggest Risk In Emerging Markets. [Ask Legal/Tech] Followup on IT remote job fraud I have unearthed a scam but dunno where to report.: There is this 24 year old dude on a student visa in the US who only takes remote workfromhome jobs because he can hire a proxy in India to do the work for him. The way he operates is he takes whatever job he can get in the US because there is a demand for Golang skills. He then hires people in India to do the daily work for him. He claims to pay them 300400 per month for the work done. The way he switches jobs and also ease with which he hires people in India to do proxy work for him tells me this is a big syndicate. This is wrong on multiple counts. 1. People are making money in India by supporting this malpractice. Who employs them and how wide spread is this What provision does Indian Law have to report these people for fraudulent practice 2. Indian IT workforce gets a terrible name due to these scamsters. The quality of work should be apparent for employers seriously how are they so ignorant of this practice but I am shocked its still going on in 2018. 3. People are gaining entry into tech industry and highly contested immigration visas by resorting to blatant cheating. This cheating looks systemic to me involving vendors hiring managers and the lower level contract employees. WTF can we do to weed out this corruption Some people doing this dont even understand its wrong They only care about the and visa. . Rupee Rupee breaches 72 mark against dollar for the first time ever. Rupee Breaches 72 Mark To Hit Lifetime Low Against US Dollar Key Things To Know. Around the World in 60 Crop Failures The Fall Armyworm Reaches India: [removed]. India finally moving ahead a bit. Landmark decision. Supreme Court of India to deliver landmark ruling on Section 377 criminalising intercourse against the order of nature. 52.02 days of employment generated under MGNREGA CAG report.... Why isnt anyone talking about the falling rupee: 71.9 and [falling.]https//falling.Next Hyper inflation incoming . Devastated and destroyed Delhi slums struggle to recover from frequent fires Cities. Manjuls cartoon for midday. Delhi affected by malaria 324 cases reported so far. Contract Farming Strengthening farmers through innovating agriculture processes. Mazdoor Kisan Sangharsh Rally A Sea of Red Descends on Delhi NewsClick. Opinion The dice is loaded against those buying health insurance in India. Aadhar deadline Government RBI sit on IBA appeal against mandatory enrolment. A dollar in 71.50 today. Rajasthan Govt. To Distribute Free Mobile Phones To Women Of BPL Families. Cigarette pricing system in Ahmedabad WTF: They charge 18 rupees if you buy singles but if you buy a pack its cheaper at the rate of 15 rupees per cigarette. DO THEY WANT US TO SMOKE MORE. Modis Cash Crackdown Failed Indian Bank Data Shows. Government rules out excise duty cut as petrol diesel prices hit fresh high. Broadcasters Body Asks Republic TVs Arnab Goswami to Apologise For Misreporting. Hey any one who can help me get more information on modicare In lay person terms please. Ground Report Not just Naxalites innocent Adivasis were also killed in Sukma say eyewitnesses. On per kilometre basis airfare cheaper than auto rickshaw ride says Jayant Sinha. ADB okays 346 mn loan for road improvement in Karnataka Times of India. Petrol price would soon touch Rs 100 as also the rupee against US dollar says Chandrababu Naidu. Mumbai Fire hits industrial area in Malad no casualties reported. Any GST pundit in the house: Hi folks I have a commercial building with couple of shops on rent I cannot collect GST on composite bases have to do it on standard / monthly scheme. I also have a small confectionery shop which falls under same GSTINmine by law I cannot run it under composite scheme. Now I cannot issue voucher on every purchase for example on tea/ coffee and snacks. Any ideas what I could do Apologies if I have posted on the wrong forum. . SC declines urgent hearing against NGT order allowing access to Sterlite plant. The Manual Scavenging Report. IAFs fighter jet crashes in Jodhpur no casualties reported. Indias Biometric Database Is Creating A Perfect Surveillance State And U.S. Tech Companies Are On Board. NOTA Is it None of The Above or All of the Above: Recently I filed an RTI application with the Election Commission of India to find details about NOTA. They have given me a reply where I could find details about all the circulars posted rather than actual details. I have raised a query with appellate and yet to get my details. But in the URL provided by them I have a couple of circulars about NOTA. There is one circular that baffled me. Circular No. 576/3/2013 notifying the Rajya Sabha and all the Election Commissioners except few Union Territories that NOTA is presumed to be exercised in respect of all candidates and that vote is to be treated invalid. ampx200B Does this not violate the Fundamental Right to Equality where a persons vote is valid and the others invalid Will it be possible to repeal the same in any court What other details need to be taken care of this in case if we go to court for the violation of Fundamental Rights. Know Why India is Facing a Crisis in the Power Sector. OneNationOneCard For Public Transport Soon Says NITI Aayog CEO. India to soon have Londonlike onenationonecard policy for transport. RBI Loan defaults by small businesses double in a year. Mauritius tops Indias FDI charts again. Economy slowed down due to Raghuram Rajans policies not demonetisation Niti Aayog VC. Why the Great Indian Plastic Ban is Unrealistic in order for the plastic ban to actually succeed India should allocate resources to replenishing ramshackle institutions such as the Central Pollution Control Board and other task forces dedicated to enforcing the ban.: What India needs is a phased approach focussing on a single state as an experiment and using its success as an exemplar for other states to follow suit. This article sums it up pretty neatly [https//www.kinderworld.org/articles/problems/whythegreatindianplasticbanisunrealistic19115]https//www.kinderworld.org/articles/problems/whythegreatindianplasticbanisunrealistic19115. India Unveils Strategy to Increase Forest Cover:  India on Thursday released its National REDD Strategy one of the key tools to fulfil the countrys commitment of increasing forest cover in a timebound manner under the Paris Agreement on climate change. [https//weather.com/enIN/india/news/news/20180831forestcoverpolicy]https//weather.com/enIN/india/news/news/20180831forestcoverpolicy . IKEA Apologizes After Customer Reports Caterpillar in His Food. Economy slowed down due to Raghuram Rajans policies not demonetisation Niti Aayog VC. Ayushman Bharat National Health Protection Scheme thRadical. Kerala flood relief fund crosses Rs 1000 crore. The Remarkable 100 Per Cent Failure Rate Of Modis Demonetisation. Burnley vs Manchester United Prematch report. Vodafone Idea makes a fresh start as merger concludes. aadhar update problem..: i have registered mobile nos with me. i want to update email id registered on my parents aadhar. but when you login to uidai portal only address update options available. did anybody have same problem . PM Modi launches India Post Payments Bank 650 branches across the country. Opinion Modi Supporters Please See These New Economic Facts. Revenue from GST falls to Rs 93960 crore in August lowest in FY19: [https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/revenuefromgstfallstors93960croreinaugustlowestinfy192907241.html]https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/revenuefromgstfallstors93960croreinaugustlowestinfy192907241.html ampx200B https//i.redd.it/2og5fj7r8oj11.png ampx200B. I found 20000 Rs. worth of old 1000 and 500 rupee notes. Can I do anything: My grandfather died around the time demonetization was happening. This summer while at his house Im not an Indian citizen I found the money in a few envelopes. We had traded in most of his cash through relatives but I guess this must have slipped through. I know its technically illegal to even have these notes but I heard there was some news about giving a window to exchange for people with valid reasons Im 100 sure it isnt black money either. . Justice Ranjan Gogoi to take over as the next CJI Reports. Leicester City vs Liverpool Prematch report. Indias GDP Grew 8.2 in the Last Quarter. Indian Rupee performaning strongest vs Dollar compared to other currencies in the world. Why Are Lakhs of Protestors Heading for Delhi NewsClick. How to Book A Train Coach For Wedding Trip: [removed]. Kangana Ranauts Big Fight with a Reporter. Indias worldbeating growth not enough to end job drought. UP Over 93000 People Including 28000 PGs amp 3740 PhD Holders Apply For 62 Peon Jobs. Indias GDP grows at 8.2 cements its position as fastest growing economy. cGwlhtEw1nUOBDd8A6WP1. Women should get equal share of property gained after marriage upon divorce Law panel. Uniform civil code neither desirable nor necessary at this stage says Law Commission: Uniform civil code neither desirable nor necessary at this stage says Law Commission https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/uniformcivilcodeneitherdesirablenornecessaryatthisstagesayslawcommission/article24833363.ece. Indias GDP grows at 8.2 per cent in 201819 Q1. 8.2 GDP Growth In The First Quarter Cements Indias Economic Recovery. Q1 GDP growth rate zooms to 8.2 highest in over two years Times of India. AIB The Demonetization Cricus [2016]. Rupee slumps to 71mark first time ever drops 26 paise against US dollar Jessica Dsilva. Indias economy likely grew 7.6 percent yearonyear in AprilJune quarter. Reserve Bank of India Aware of P2P Exchanges Planning Central Bank Digital Currency. With 1 day to go IT returns surge 60 cross 5 crore filings. UK Exporting Naan To India Shows Spirit Of PostBrexit Britain Minister. Dr Ambedkar five influential books. Buyers must pay up to Rs 24000 on insurance for new vehicles from September 1. Rupee hits fresh record low of 70.86 against US dollar. CAG report shows Kerala disaster couldve been prevented Poorlymanaged dams ineffective forecast system part of mismanagement... All this talk about the exchange rate made me curious. My research showed me that Congress is actually a much bigger culprit than BJP. What are your opinions. India likely to replace UK as worlds fifthlargest economy Jaitley. ADB to fund 375 million to irrigation projects in Madhya Pradesh. Passing off Politics as Economics. Report India Must Decriminalise Drug Use to Address Punjab Crisis. Govt cant prosecute JampJ for faulty hip implants under existing act. Rupee hits fresh record low of 70.82 drops 23 paise against US dollar. TB in India Is India Poised To Become A world leader in eliminating TB. Rupee Slips to Fresh Record Low of 70.82 Against US Dollar. Rupee Slips to Fresh Record Low of 70.82 Against US Dollar. Rupee Slips to Fresh Record Low of 70.82 Against US Dollar. Rupee Slips to Fresh Record Low of 70.82 Against US Dollar. Madras HC orders exclusive lane for judges and other VIPs in highway toll plazas across country. Madras High Court directs NHAI to provide VIP lane in all toll plazas across India. Indian Government showing the world what one can achieve when priorities are in order.. Demonetisation is Dead Long Live Demonetisation. Demonetisation comes to haunt govt as RBI says 99.3 notes back. Rupee Plunges To AllTime Closing Low Of 70.59 Against Dollar. Why Not Show Pakistan The Same Consideration Shown To China. [NP] PSA You can file you ITR online without giving Aadhar details.: Just leave the field blank.. Indias central bank just proved demonetisation was for nothing. 99.3 of demonetised notes worth Rs 15.3 lakh crore returned RBI. India is set to overtake China as the top driver of global oil demand growth. Google Pay Google teams with banks to launch digital lending for India. 99.3 Per Cent Of Demonetised Notes Returned To Banks RBI. 99.3 of demonetizednotes worth Rs. 15.31lakhcrore returned to banks RBI:  As many as 99.3 of the old Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes that were banned overnight in November 2016 have been returned the Reserve Bank of India said in its annual report. Of the Rs. 15.41 lakh crore worth Rs. 500 and Rs. 1000 notes in circulation before November 8 2016 notes worth Rs. 15.31 lakh crore have been returned.. Studds Accessories Ltd files DRHP with SEBI for IPO. Tuberculosis in India Tuberculosis The Scourge of India. Centre asks states to ban ecigarettes Times of India. Is the rural analysis coming through in Modi Era: [removed]. Commercial Flying Of Drones To Be Legal In India From December 1. Why the great Indian plastic ban is unrealistic. With Eye on Chinas Belt Road Initiative India to step up economic partnerships with Eastern Southern Europe. Blockchain And AI To Be Tracked By New Reserve Bank of India Unit Cryptovibes.com. BCCI elections in 90 days Committee of Administrators. Air quality in DelhiNCR DelhiNCR breathing cleaner air this year than in 2016 amp 17. Amaravati bonds for Andhra Pradeshs new capital gets BSE listing. Amaravati bonds for Andhra Pradeshs new capital gets BSE listing. India can replace US exports to China amid trade war finds study. The Ganga Is Dying and This Sadhu Is on a Fast Unto Death to Save It. What The Indian Railways. Reserve Bank of India Sets up New Unit to Research amp Regulate Cryptocurrency Blockchain. The Reserve Bank of India Has Created A Secret Internal Unit to Deal With Blockchain Cryptocurrency and AI. Making Sense of Keralas Flood Disaster. Indias Silent Miracle of Progress in 9 GIFs Inspired by Hans Roslings Factfulness Ten Reasons Were Wrong About the World and Why Things Are Better Than You Think: [removed]. There are more working women than working men in this Indian state. Nearly 44 Indians come out of extreme poverty every minute Study. Indians pay 35 more for petrol than consumers in Pakistan. Not all is well with Indias corporate hospital chains. Raksha Bandhan celebration with Aadhar verification. PM Narendra Modi to launch FAME India II on September 7. After IBC war on NPAs Modi government gets tough on bank frauds warns CEOs to keep check or face action. RBI tells urban coop banks to improve governance practices. India A Cruel Paradox of Rising GDP and Low Social Development. Nearly 1.2 crore jobs created in 10 months till June CSO report. More than 8.6 lakh still in relief camps in Kerala CM fund gets Rs 535 crore. In 2018 80 of all mobiles sold in India are Make in India assembling/manufacturing.: In 2015 20 of the mobiles sold in India were Make in India and rest were imported. In 2018 80 of all mobiles sold in India are Make in India assembling/manufacturing. Due to this Rs 3 lakh crore has been saved in taxes in last 4 years and currency exchanges and 4.5 lakh new jobs have been created via 120 local manufacturing hubs. It is estimated that by 202021 imported mobiles will have only 56 share. Make in India vision and mission was advertised propagated and made into reality by PM Modi led Govt. But hey why would Rahul Gandhi share these facts in Germany and Europe. His portrayal of India mob lynching due to unemployment GST led to starvation and demonetization led to suicides is shocking and very cheap. Give credits where its due Sir.. Committee of Administrators takes full control of the BCCI. Why Indian government exports petrol at half the price we pay. Tribal hostels of Jharkhand the worst. Yogi govt gives khandsari plants a push ahead of challenging sugar season. From The Economists morning briefing about Navjot Singh Sidhus hug: The Economist has a morning briefing every week day called Espresso and I quite enjoy it especially when theres something about India. Unfortunately its not a very shining article this time around If Judas betrayed Jesus with a kiss Navjot Singh Sidhu an Indian cricketerturnedpolitician now faces the extraordinary accusation of betraying his country with a hug. Last week he embraced Pakistans army chief in Islamabad at the swearingin of Imran Khan as prime minister. He was soon accused of sedition in India for having insulted the families of Indian soldiers. A court hears the case today. The Bajrang Dal a thuggish rightwing group has offered 500000 rupees 7130 to anyone who brings his head. Although charges under the sedition lawa colonial relic from 1860rarely stick people have been implicated for reasons as trivial as rooting for Pakistan in cricket or liking the wrong Facebook post. Meanwhile Mr Khan is batting for his former onfield rival Those in India who targeted him are doing a great disservice to peace. Given the circumstances Mr Sidhu might have preferred the erstwhile allrounder to leave the ball alone. Im glad that courts are wise enough not to go through with charging people under the sedition law most of the time but its clear that this has to go. Its been abused so much Sidhus situation is a case in point and more than that it seems to be a violation of free speech. Furthermore when this is used against Kashmiris it seems to have a really bad effect. Hope I dont sound patronising to any Kashmiris reading this but if were trying to maintain the integrity of the country locking up people who dont feel happy with the situation wont solve any issue.. Today is PrivacyDay for India: Last year on same day 24 August 2017 Supreme Courts 9Judge bench ruled unanimously that Right To Privacy is a fundamental right for every citizen of India under Article 21 of constitution. Comment what [RightToPrivacy]https//twitter.com/hashtag/RightToPrivacysrchash as a fundamental right should mean for Indians.. Why doesnt the Centre want to accept the 700 crore aid from UAE for Kerala: With the scale of destruction caused by the floods Kerala is in a desperate need for funds for rehabilitation. This makes me wonder why the Centre is denying the 700 crore aid from UAE. Is there some general foreign aid policy which prohibits this Is it something related to UAE specifically Or is it because they dont want India to be in debt to UAE PS Yes I have seen articles which say that no official announcement has been made from UAE s side but the question still holds. . Privacy matters India is still in the dark a year after the landmark Puttaswamy judgment. Lets Celebrate. Friday but Also Privacy Day.: [removed]. Meter Down Income Down Why Delhi Autowalas Love Charging Extra. AMA SaveOurPrivacy: [removed]. Can someone who has worked with weather reports confirm the legitimacy of this Or is this just fear mongering. Kerala floods India not accepting overseas aid says Thailand. India Balance of Trade 19572018: I thought it would be nice to actually just see the data on how we are doing as an economy. ampx200B ampx200B https//i.redd.it/jgo044tljsh11.png. India oil import costs set to rise as Iran US sanctions kick in. How the Doyang Hydroelectric Project Flooded Assam and Nagaland. Some users are reporting that Google Play is saying DBS Digibank is a harmful app and needs to be uninstalled. Anyone here got the same notification. India Set to Decline UAE Maldives Kerala Aid Offer as Part of 14YearOld Policy. Delhis Doordarshan Bhawan hit by minor fire no casualties reported. What are reasons for which the Indian governments have rejected foreign aid as relief for calamities: Recently News has been spread that Relief for Kerala from UAE has been rejected. Similarly Relief from abroad during Uttarakhand floods had also been rejected. Is there any economical/Diplomatically reason why. Suspected dengue death reported might be the first of 2018. India HDI Trend 19812011. No Proof Required GDP Report misreading the facts. Why Centre Might Not Accept UAEs Rs 700Crore Offer For Kerala. GDP game How to cherrypick your convenient growth figures reasons and always claim the winners prize: [https//www.firstpost.com/business/gdpgamehowtocherrypickyourconvenientgrowthfiguresreasonsandalwaysclaimthewinnersprize4999801.html]https//www.firstpost.com/business/gdpgamehowtocherrypickyourconvenientgrowthfiguresreasonsandalwaysclaimthewinnersprize4999801.html Interesting read shows how governments choose to credit or discredit stats to there benefit.. Medical Council suspends Maharashtra Pathologist for Allegedly Selling Signatures to far off labs. His name is seen in reports from more than 200 laboratories in adjacent districts alleged the MAPPM officials. Kerala floods What to expect when none of the 61 dams have any emergency plan Deeprooted mistakes unearthed when a CAG audit report on flood control and forecasting was analysed. Meet the men who rule over Reserve Bank of India. Sequoia wraps up new 695M fund for India and Southeast Asia. 125 MPs Petition President Who Has No Role in Public Policy to Implement TwoChild Norm. UAE has offered RS 700 crore in aid for Kerala floods CM Pinarayi Vijayan. China versus India A race India lost even before it could start. Centre Removes its Own Report Which Showed India Grew at 10 During Manmohan Singh Regime. Government plan to reduce IIT aspirants dependence on coaching by SWAYAM portal Social Technology. Relief funds sponsored Gujarat riots UK report [OLD]. Cheering numbers GST gives a major push to Income Tax base. Relief funds sponsored Gujarat riots UK report 2004. NRI Marriage in India Se Related Baate: [removed]. Why they Reject Ukraine visa for Indian in Hindi/Urdu. Deciphering India through data visualization Indian Education System. Fake account for Kerala CM distress relief fund blocked by SBI. Idea asked me to report to the court because I didnt pay the bill.: So as the title says idea sent me a message saying I need to appear in front of the court because I havent paid my outstanding bill. Are they allowed to do that Theyve permanently shut off my card and keep calling me to pay the money. So... What the fuck . Aadhaar esigns see severe decline in volumes over regulatory uncertainty. Kerala floods How Centres proposed Dam Safety Bill would have impacted Keralas water reservoirs dams Firstpost. Bolsa Invertir En Bolsa Ingresos Pasivos Invertir En Bienes Races. Indian Court Says Committee to Decide Fate of Shut Vedanta Copper Smelter. Indian aviation market posts highest growth in May in Asia Pacific region ACI. Supreme Court said no to highway in Jim Corbett but MoEF institute agrees to help clear it. Indian Railways Arrival Timings Updates All You Need to Know: [removed]. Inside The Mad World of Indian and Pakistani Visa Rules. Earn just inviting people: [removed]. Free BTC: We are giving 0.001 BTC for first 10000 people who will comment follow and signup today with OniBinary. Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. [img]2rs9ouc7z2h11. Only 23 of rural income from farming reveals NABARD 201617 survey. India rejects patent plea for immoral sex toy. You Can Now Use Googles Plus Codes To Help Locate Kerala Flood Victims More Easily. TN Govt. bans cellphones in all colleges. Rupee likely to stabilise at 6869 a dollar says Garg. Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. For Investors only Very Legit paying platform: Fastest trading platform in the market Earn 1000 in just 15 seconds Wanna know how Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. Processing img 6dy3eqzhwxg11... Processing img 4wym0p2iwxg11... Processing img xz51yqzhwxg11... Processing img qgwa5rzhwxg11... Processing img wshc1r2iwxg11.... Earn just inviting people: [removed]. Free BTC: you dont need to worry anymore. We have added the new feature in our application where you will get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade WIN OR LOSE This Bonus will run for a week and will end on August 19 2018 Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. [img]bfdtkhaduxg11 Trade with us now. Free BTC: [removed]. Earn just inviting people: [removed]. For Investors only Very Legit paying platform: [removed]. Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. Saw this news and felt that I needed to respond to it. Please post your valuable comments for the video below. https//m.economictimes.com/news/economy/indicators/indiaclocked1008pcgrowthundermanmohansinghstenureshowsdata/articleshow/65444247.cms. The AntiTrafficking Bill 2018 Can it be an effective deterrent against Human trafficking. India clocked 10.08 pc growth under Manmohan Singhs tenure data shows. Nearly 90 of rural homes in India have savings accounts in banks Report. India bans pet coke import for use as fuel. Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: Are you worried to lose your investment through trading Well you dont need to worry anymore. We have added the new feature in our application where you will get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade WIN OR LOSE This Bonus will run for a week and will end on August 19 2018 Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. https//i.redd.it/gxirbxrsfqg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/zm0zqc1tfqg11.jpg Trade with us now. For Investors only Very Legit paying platform: Fastest trading platform in the market Earn 1000 in just 15 seconds Wanna know how Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. https//i.redd.it/zvdmqeb6xpg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/kphbfs37xpg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/13gvyvn6xpg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/j64cebh7xpg11.jpg Processing img hm7x15z7xpg11.... Earn just inviting people: Earn 1000 without investing Are you good with inviting people This is for you Sign up now with OniBinary Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. https//i.redd.it/9jh2zu5gvpg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/jjukzedgvpg11.jpg https//i.redd.it/x00t4drgvpg11.jpg. Free BTC: We are giving 0.001 BTC for first 10000 people who will comment follow and signup today with OniBinary. Want to know how Comment How or just send me an Email. https//i.redd.it/arva3lr8vpg11.jpg. Record Whopping Income Tax collection Rs 10.03 lakh crore during 201718. Indian economy grew twice in double digits in Manmohan Singh era MOSPI committee. Surprise India clocked over 10 GDP growth in 2 years of UPA era shows government data. India Is Introducing Free Health Carefor 500 Million People. For the Indian fuzzywuzzies to enjoy in the coming recession Dads Army. Mumbai reports first malaria death fight with leptospirosis cholera continues. Farmer Income Grew By 37 Per Cent Between 2012 and 2016 NABARD Survey:  https//swarajyamag.com/amp/story/insta2Ffarmerincomegrewby37percentbetween2012and2016nabardsurveytwitterimpressiontrue. Donate To Kerala United We Stand. ELI5 Depreciation of Indian Currency: [removed]. In Indias citizenship test a spelling error can ruin a family. Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. Get 5 Cashback Bonus in every trade: [removed]. For Investors only Very Legit paying platform: [removed]. Earn just inviting people: [removed]. Free BTC: [removed]. Best way to Invest Money. cnntoday In our village everyones houses were destroyed Velayudhan Flood Survivor onKeralaFloods KeralaFlood KeralaRains India LyndaKinkade reports. PakistangtIndia: Its just obvious. Former PM Vajpayee has passed away according to reports: I am verifying the information and will add credible sources here. . Economist says Hindu pilgrims are unemployed. GST on Salary 18 GST on salary paid for services by a firm to its branch offices in other states rules AAR. 18 GST on salary paid for services by a firm to its branch offices in other states rules AAR. Poor policy encroachment and illegal quarrying are the major reasons of kerala floods environmentalists .. Free BTC: [removed]. Check out this report by NDTV on ISROs space technologies for the manned mission. They are further ahead than most of us thought.. Does pakistan act as a proxy for indoiranian deals during sanctions: Well Ive heard Amurika used some countries as proxy when Iran had to withdraw its funds after some sanctions durin obama. Ive heard some russian companies are usin pakistan ports as proxy to carry out IndoIranian deals even after sanctions. I dunno if its true. Increase in Indians coming to US illegally seeking asylum report. State of economy insurance for poor and Indian in space Highlights from PMs IDay speech. Jan Dhan Yojana Deposits in Jan Dhan accounts cross Rs 80000 crore. Modi govt will further alienate the south by moving Aero India to Uttar Pradesh. Already Asias worst performing currency the Indian rupee might fall further. Day after biggest 1day fall in 5 years rupee hits 70/dollar 10 points. Rupee again hits record low against the US dollar. 72 years strong and Independent or 70 times weak. Like Vietnams Golden bridge govt wants to build iconic bridges. Chinese official says Indian bank notes are printed in China RBI denies. The Higher Education Commission of India Bill is a remedy worse than the disease. Aadhar isnt the biggest cause of leaks. Eating Chaat on recycled paper is.. Sterlite Industries The under reported truth. Indian Crypto Traders Rely on Stablecoins Amid Crypto Ban. Dr BR Shetty donates 2 Crores to Kerala flood victims. Rupee Opens at Record Lows Against Dollar On Back of Turmoil in Turkish Lira. Karma of Brown Folk by Vijay Prashad.. Take me to this fuel station. Nick Jonas to attend Priyanka Chopras bash in Mumbai make engagement official reports. India lost onethird of its coastline from erosion gained almost as much Report. Punjab Government students will now have bank accounts to receive money. Arsenal vs Manchester City Prematch report. Now nobody can escape dowry case by fleeing abroad. The Karma of Brown Folk by Mr. Vijay Prashad Assistant Professor of international studies at Trinity College in Hartford Connecticut.. Maratha bandh in Pune Sorry for violence Marathas take agitation off the streets. The past 20 days have seen Maratha protests turn violent with major incidents of vandalism reported in Pune Navi Mumbai Chakan and Aurangabad.. The Case for India by American Author Will Durant 1930.. Because road travel is for plebs and they dont deserve decent infrastructure either. People of Mumbai this is where your tax money goes.. Access control Why it makes sense for Gates to promote Aadhaar. So about Aadhar Pay: You dont need debit/credit card or even your cell phone to make a payment. No OTP no nothing. Just have to enter your Aadhar number and scan your finger. Assuming your Aadhar is linked to your bank a/c. So my question is how is it safe Aadhar number is acting like your bank a/c number and your finger is acting as your password. Is it safe to put this info in a merchants system I feel like this is a massive theft opportunity waiting to fuck up the users of Aadhar pay. . Swiggy support at its best: Since support chats are all the rage rn here goes swiggy at its best. I honestly feel sorry for the support executive who wasnt empowered to fix the issue. https//i.redd.it/pdsqo83vsgf11.png. GOBARDHAN YOJANA The scheme which could create 1.5 million jobs in India. OPERATION GREENS The road to doubling farmers income in India. How government awarded the highest 51073 km of highways projects Nitin Gadkari explains. The Indian Govt Plans To Launch Crypto Tokens For Financial Transactions. Economic Lessons From the Raj The Myth of Colonial Plunder. India to step up use of biofuels to cut oil import bill. ATM card fraud Heres how to spot and avoid a card skimming device. Ajay Kumar wants to make India a global defence power. Climate Change IndoGerman Environment Partnership. NaMoBharath NaMo Bharath Bangalore presents an informative session on Indias Economic situation Then...Today 2014 2018 Unveiling the exciting financial situations that people do not know. Chief Guest Mr. Vivek Mallya Economist. No need to carry your driving licence vehicle papers anymore Road Transport Ministry approves DigiLocker. This is how the taxpayers money is looted by a corrupt Government in the name of development.. Credit Facilities Recieved by Jay Shahs Kusum Finserve LLP Report by The Caravan. Highest GDP state in India. Centre asks States UTs to inspect child shelters. Astronomers report the most distant radio galaxy ever discovered. Did NDTV report encounter of terrorists in Kashmir as death of civilians. Delhi jal board water supply in colony. Four times S Gurumurthy weighed in on the Indian economy and banking.. Rafale Missiles and Radars Leaked Data Shows What India Buys From France. CNN News18 Reporter First there is this myth that those women are discriminated and now her kids. Well as a rule kids inherit through dad and not mon. Two imagine what material would be those men be made of who want their kids to actually inherit their Nana or Nanis property through their wife.. India Today journalist thrashed by mob for reporting on illegal slaughterhouse in Karnataka. Need a consulant to help us form a Non Profit society for artists in Bangalore: With expert in arts and culture field post GST so an experienced lawyer and a CA would help form this . CNN News18 reporter explains how discrimination against women is a myth. Cargills report highlights commitment to vibrant food and agriculture. Bullet train feasibility report omits top chapters on project cost is shrouded in secrecy Land rights movement. Government junks report on Indias poor rank on environment terms it Arbitrary. Rafale defence deal Yashwant Sinha Arun Shourie and Prashant Bhushan explain what is wrong. Government junks report on Indias poor rank on environment terms it Arbitrary. MCA makes Aadhaar details mandatory company directors mull legal options. Bullet Train Project a ClimateNegative Action 80000 Trees Shallow Aquifers to Be Hit Report.. There goes my future tax money: These Are The Stressed Power Plants With Rs 1.8 Lakh Crore Debt At Risk https//www.bloombergquint.com/business/2018/06/08/thesearethestressedpowerplantswithrs18lakhcroredebtatrisk. Indias economy is an elephant thats starting to run says IMF Times of India. S. Gurumurthy And Satish Marathe Appointed To RBI Board. Over 21000 Indians overstayed visas in US last year Report Times of India. S.Gurumurthy with no academic credentials in economics staunch suppporter of demonetisation and links to RSS appointed as RBI director. He was also a CA to Mallya.. Rajya Sabha deputy chairman poll All you need to know Times of India. Well there goes my future tax money. The Real Slumdog Millionaires Gangsters Bureaucrats Entrepreneurs and the Making of Dharavi: \[removed\]. Strong Indian economy continues to lead global growth IMF. Indian government appointed a gullible WhatsApp forward peddlers to RBI board.: Government appoint S Gurumurthy Satish Marathe as parttime directors on RBI board https//m.economictimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/governmentappointsgurumurthysatishmaratheasparttimedirectorsonrbiboard/articleshow/65313380.cms S Gurumurthy tweeted this in January gt Intersting .. aliens were in India 5000 years ago See this video. NASA may come out with huge announcement Source https//twitter.com/sgurumurthy/status/957283860403769344s19. Marathe Gurumurthy appointed parttime Directors on RBI board. Rich India and Poor India. Economic cities to be built in Andhra Pradesh. Over 200000 nonfilers filed income tax returns in FY18 and paid taxes worth Rs 64.16 billion. Delhi Petrol crosses Rs 77 mark on rising global rates diesel at Rs 68.50. Acharya Pramod Krishnam Exclusive Interview. Where Indias affluent classes live. Hundreds of farmers suicides in Rajasthan during BJP rule because of the Raje government policies Sachin Pilot. Mukul Mudgal Committee suggests jail term for dope suppliers. Chinas Empire of Money Is Reshaping Global Trade. India Spends More Of GDP On Defense Than China. The timeline of important events surrounding the crypto regulations in India. Do you think the RBI will lift its ban on crypto. Indian products can be more competitive in the shadow of the USChina trade war. Exclusive Apple opposes access to phone logs for TRAIs spam reporting app MediaNama. Exclusive Top security expert exposes dangerous flaws of Aadhaar SabrangIndia. Horrible Performance Report of Engineering Colleges of India. Kerala Judicial probe into Adani port pact winds up hearings even before revised terms are notified. The commission is investigating a CAG report which said that there were irregularities in the agreement and that the terms were not favourable to the state.. 14 Maoists killed in encounter with security forces in Chhattisgarh Times of India. Asian Stocks Rise After Solid US Jobs Report. Nita Ing If You Can Survive In India You Can Survive Anywhere. What India can learn from Chinas rise in higher education. PACs draft report faults UPA2 gold import scheme Times of India. Banks collect Rs 5000 crore from customers in FY18 for breaching minimum balance. UIDAI Toll Free Number In Your Phone How Much You Should Concern. When I tried to file a complaint online after the SBI home branch failed to do the thing they promised.. Cracking eAadhar password in 2 seconds with Maths Noteworthy The Journal Blog. Aadhaar Helpline What Google Didnt Answer but Needs to. The truth behind Indias jump in global economy rankings Vivek Kaul Asia Times. GST Council clears 20 per cent cashback on digital payments with Rs 100 cap. CIU Citizenship By Investment Unit Antigua puts Choksi facts on the table. Dont watch TV. Is our news outlets reporting whats happening in Bangladesh. Aadhaar UIDAI contact Google inadvertently takes the blame. Goa lost Rs 1400 crore due to mismanagement says CAG report. Airports ports may no longer need green clearance Gadkari. ICRISAT to scientifically assess Telanganas Mission Kakatiya. Minimum balance Banks penalised customers 11500 cr Business Line. Minimum balance Banks penalised customers 11500 cr The Hindu BusinessLine. Modi beats target 5 crore gas connections under Ujjwala Yojana given 8 months ahead of deadline. Centre is pushing for quota in promotion for SCs/STs in jobs. Opposing Supreme Court ruling2006.: [https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/centrepushesforquotainpromotionforscssts/article24595870.ecehomepagetrue]https//www.thehindu.com/news/national/centrepushesforquotainpromotionforscssts/article24595870.ecehomepagetrue. Top BBA Colleges in Mathura. How India is changing the world through International Solar Alliance. North Korea Has Not Stopped Nuclear Missile Program Confidential U.N. Report. Swachh Bharat MissionGramin to help avert over 300000 deaths by 2019 WHO. [NP] WHO report likely to hail Swachh Bharat. How accurate are these ratings It says US has more rapes happening that Indiapercentage wise. I understand US reporting of cases would be higher for sure. But I was just curious.. Once again UIDAI has been caught lying redhandedly. Discount on digital payment at petrol pumps reduced. Home car loan EMIs to get costlier as RBI hikes repo rate by 25 basis points. Director Of Accidental Prime Minister Arrested For GST Fraud Of Rs. 34 Cr. US bill relief for India trouble for China amp Pakistan. My local vegetable vendor gives a receipt behind a NERPAP voter registration form with someones aadhar number and phone number on it. Rajasthan becomes the first state in India to implement Biofuel Policy. Heres why Swiss banks are no more a safehouse for Indian tax evaders. WHO report likely to hail Swachh Bharat:  The World Health Organisation WHO will be releasing a report on Friday which is expected to say that the Swachh BharatGrameen project of the Narendra Modi government will result in averting over three lakh deaths related to diarrhoea and proteinenergy malnutrition between 2014 and October 2019. . Worlds Biggest ToiletBuilding Spree Is Under Way in India. The Optical Illusion Of 0 GST On Sanitary Napkins. Citizens seek answers as Aadhaar helpline comes preloaded in phone book. Indias booming solar sector has one major flaw poor quality. How to get government subsidy without having Aadhaar card Livemint. Kerala is the most energyefficient State. Act II Policy makers and protagonists Statesman Special Report. Kerala Rajasthan and AP ranked as the top energyefficient states.. Indian Railways announce limit of free luggage in trains New structure penalty and more Economy News. National Health Protection Scheme Is it really a game changer for Indian health sector. RBI goes for backtoback repo rate hike first time since October 2013 EMIs may get costlier. RBI increases repo and reverse repo rates. After Japan China too bullish on Gujarat Times of India. Maharashtra govt approves Rs 79 bn for water projects in droughthit areas. Cashew nut production grows to 8.17 LMT in 201718. Amazon Explained The policy that could kill deep discounts by ecommerce firms. Outgoing Bank of Baroda chief tells Modi govt Stay Out youre hurting us. Anyone who is prepping for UPSC BUT have done Social Sciences before Im curious.: [removed]. Modis idea of respect for women. Crime finger prints and Aadhar: So I was wondering. Since the government current has a fingerprint database of almost every Indian. Doesnt that make solving crimes a bit easier If finger prints are found on a crime scene just find a match for it in the database and youll have the criminal. . https//www.thequint.com/news/india/rssharmatweetaboutaadhaarre1deposit: One Rupee Battle RS Sharma is Not Aware of BHIM Apps Flaw. Cracking eAadhar password in 2 seconds with Maths [NP]. Times Reporters Answer Questions About Our G.D.P. Coverage. Song Tiled Acche Din Kab Aayenge Changed To Acche Din Ab Aaye Re Reportedly Due To Govt Pressure. Song Tiled Acche Din Kab Aayenge Changed To Acche Din Ab Aaye Re Reportedly Due To Govt Pressure. 26 years later Keralas Idukki dam to be reopened as water levels rise. What are some good books on Indian economy: Books that explain Indias economic history since 1947 its economic/finance policies liberalization of 90s current trends and future forcasts. I am looking for technical books not a general audience layman type books.. Compromising a 6B big data project through poor data quality the Aadhaar case study Anand V. Sensex Nifty extend losses dragged by HDFC twins Infosys G News. Indian economy showing signs of regaining animal spirits. Cheap online shopping may end as govt looks to check deep discounts. 7th Pay Commission Latest News Today Minimum Pay of Rs 26000 Fitment Factor of up to 3.68 Times For Central Government Employees in August. India Mortgaged ForcedFed Illness and the Neoliberal Food Regime. Tax Not Fair: First of all I dont support Tax system. I feel the current tax system is really not fair. The tax systems should consider spending the tax money of a person mostly on the place he lives in. So if 75 of a persons tax money is spent on his place he will get direct benefit for the money he paid as tax. The rest 25 should go to the rest of the place in india. Its like charity is mandotary on people i feel people should have freedom on what they spend on even that is one type of freedom. Charity is good but dont make it mandotary on people. Make them good citizens and let them choose to do charity by themselves. Thats where a nation wins.. Discussion on Gandhis 18point contructive program: [removed]. Air India business or Burden for the government. SC declines Centres offer to place committees report on data protection. Brief Analysis of The Personal Data Protection Bill 2018. Bureaucrats dont make good online duelists. Justice Srikrishnas data protection bill for India is full of holes. https//qz.com/1343154/justicesrikrishnasdataprotectionbillforindiaisfullofholes/:  Indias first data protection bill is riddled with problems. Recent GST rate cut credit negative Moodys. PNB fraud India requests Antigua and Barbuda govt to detain Mehul Choksi. Indian Railway Luggage Rules One Must Be Aware of: [removed]. Attorney General for India K K Venugopal mentioned before CJI Dipak Misra to submit Justice Shrikrishna report on data protection in Aadhaar matter. A Constitution Bench has reserved the order in Aadhaar matter. Two News18 journalists attacked in Punjabs Jalalabad for reporting on illegal mining mafia says report. Employers eager to hire try a new policy No experience necessary. TIL In 2008 TRAI recommended interconnectivity of PSTN VOIP but was not accepted by Govt: [Recommendations on Regulatory framework for Internet Telephony]https//trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/Recommendations241020170.pdf gtSec 3.10 After due consultation process and detailed deliberation TRAI on 18.08.2008 recommended to the Government that ISPs may be permitted to provide Internet Telephony calls to PSTN/PLMN and viceversa within country and necessary amendments may be made in the licence provisions. However Government did not accept this recommendation of TRAI. With the sad state of mobile connectivity and related issues it seems the right time to implement TRAI proposal in order to help consumers. . How much import tax will i have to pay: Ill be buying a graphics card shipped from USA which is 12359 INR Shipping charges. Does shipping charges apply to import taxes . TRAI chiefs Aadhar dare backfires personal details put online The Hindu. Brief Analysis of The Personal Data Protection Bill 2018. Only 66 per cent of registered companies are active Official data. Everybody rapes India Kalam Deccan Herald 2007. Aadhaar Details of TRAI Chief Leaked After he Tweets His UIDAI Number Throwing Security Breach Challenge. Kerala No. 1 Unrivalled in Governance Again. Kerala is the new Gujarat model.. TRAI chief reveals Aadhar number challenging hackers security researcher responds with whole host of personal info. Mahatama Budh Real teaching Mega Social Studies / Science B.Ed Lesson Plan File in Hindi Free download Online. TRAI head tweets his own Aadhar Number as a challenge to hackers. French security expert Elliot Anderson leaks the Chairmans personal address PAN Card and birth details . Economist Paul Krugman Warned Indias Growth Model Could Cause Problems. Was He Right. FRDI Bill unlikely to be tabled during budget session as joint committee looking into it seeks extension Firstpost. Aadhar is totally safe guys. Nothing to see here move on.. Blockchain technology can add 5 bn to Indian economy in 5 years Nasscom official. This guy is the honorary secretary TRAI.. 3 Delhi sisters who died of starvation were fed unknown medicine by their father Report. Lets Make India Better Together: Hey I am a NRI so I do not have personal insight to the current issues in India. The opinions I have are from media outlets and what I read online. However since my visits to India I have felt a connection to the land and of feeling of warmth and homeliness. Even though I cannot criticize other NRIs for their decisions because I do not really know how good/bad it is in India they become materialistic and get caught up with it and many forget about India. I think if they all came together and actually helped India we can see major improvements but I know that will not happen. So my goal was to understand what are the most pressing issues you guys think India is facing infrastructure healthcare What improvements have you seen in the past 10 years What do you think are possible solutions How do you think ordinary people can help I may be to optimistic but I want to help and maybe together we can propel India to the top. I welcome any general thoughts as well but please no pessimistic bashful posts. i know the task is huge but I also know as the younger generations start to break away from old traditions and be more aware it is very possible. Also just a side comment for conversational purposes what do you guys think about so many of the rich moving out India I feel like if India can keep its talents these people can contribute immensely. Thanks.. Quora: What are your views on the anticorruption bill passed by the Parliament of India today by Ashok Dhamija https//www.quora.com/WhatareyourviewsontheanticorruptionbillpassedbytheParliamentofIndiatoday/answer/AshokDhamijashare5e36f420ampsriduokBc. I Pretended It Didnt Happen Nuns Report Abuse by Priests. Srikrishna Committee Suggests Amendments in Aadhaar Act for Data Protection. 36 kids rescued from Pune madrasa after reports of sexual abuse surface 1 arrested. India stocks hit record highs as experts consider their safe haven potential. Data Protection Committee Report by Justice Srikrishna Committee. A 20T economy is growing at 4.1 in the West: What the hell are our leaders doing They cant even get a 2.6T economy to grow at at least 10. They actually have the guts to boast 7 growth in recent years when China has been growing on average 10 for the past 40 YEARS. Its time the Indian population sent them a clear and strong message to stop wasting time and focus only on development ffs.. Report of the Committee of Experts under Justice Srikrishna on Data Protection. Personal Data Protection Bill 2018 has been released by the Srikrishna Committee on Data Protection. NO JOB AFTER 10 Yrs Every Body Is Going To Jobless A Truth By Sourav . Jaitley sees GST rate cut on cement ACs TVs with rise in revenue. The truth behind Indias jump in global economy rankings Vivek Kaul Asia Times. Priyanka Chopra Nick Jonas engaged US media reports. The truth behind Indias jump in global economy rankings Vivek Kaul Asia Times. wemakeiot. Bangalore administration is making huge blunder in going with elevated corridor. IISc scientists research suggests that metro is 40 times more effective than elevated corridor. BRICS Summit High skill to be new face of jobs says PM Narendra Modi. CBI to probe if Cambridge Analytica misused Indians Facebook data Govt. Govt denies reports of renewed Chinese activity in Doklam Times of India. Nanar refinery Outsiders earned windfall by buying land just before projects announcement says report [Maharashtra]. Facebook Forced to Block 20000 Posts About Snack Food Conspiracy After PepsiCo Sues Report. U.S. opens way for India to escape sanctions over Russia arms imports: [removed]. Stock markets on highoctane indices touch lifetime high for BSE 37026 and for NSE 11179 G News. INDIA WATCH REPORT 2018 by Hotstar. Truckers strike Traders feel the pinch as retail stocks get thin. [Image]While addressing the Parliament of Yuganda Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that India will be based on Africa 10 principles. He said that Africa will remain on top of Indias priorities and relations between the two countries will be strengthened.. Four Reasons Why Indias Controversial DNA Bill Should Be Sent to a Standing Committee. Sensex hits 37000 for the first time Nifty50 at record high of 11172 mark. Facebook Reports SlowerThanExpected 2Q Revenue Growth. When Reporting on Gay Rights in India Gets Personal. Army fears US could leak data to Pakistan if IndiaUS sign military secrecy pact. Bar code scanner being used to scan retains in latest AADHAR propaganda ad.. Congress manufactured fake row over Rafale Deal under NDA each jet costs 59 Cr. Less.. Social Experiment No honking for 2 months: [removed]. Vodafone Reports Slowdown in Quarterly Growth. Indias Law Reform Committee Accepts Cryptocurrency As a Valid Mode of Payment. Black money has decreased under Modi. Shrines must prove if bar on women integral to faith Supreme Court. Gujarat is power surplus now focus is to make it water surplus Vijay Rupani. gyroscopes are important: gyroscopes are important. kids learn important things about rotational motion. they should be exempt from all taxes. its hard to find a good toy gyroscope in india. all educational toys should be exempt from all taxes. . Dont India to host olympics: I dont want India to host olympics even if its given a chance. I feel that its a huge stress on the economy. . Lokpal Justice Ranjan Gogoi Calls Outcome of Meeting Attended by PM CJI Unsatisfactory. 40 study loan NPAs are from T.N.. Irans Be cautious Warning to US President Trump G News. Will Pakistans financial crises lead to an untimely demise of CPEC. https//www.deccanchronicle.com/technology/mobilesandtabs/210718/traicouldbanappleiphonesinindiasoonhereswhy.html: TRAI could ban Apple iPhones in India soon since apple is now allowing them to See the call logs. . GST rate cuts may lower tax revenue by Rs 15000 crore a year. GST slabs can be reduced to three from five but will take time Sushil Modi. Sanitary napkins may not be cheaper despite nil tax firms to lose out on input tax credit[Original Title]. Despite 0 GST on sanitary products it might not get cheaper.. 3year thirdparty cover must for new cars says Supreme Court. Peoples movements reject Asian Free Trade Agreement Call for parliamentary scrutiny of mega trade deal:  [http//www.worldpsi.org/en/peoplesmovementsrejectrcepcallparliamentaryscrutinymegatradedeal]http//www.worldpsi.org/en/peoplesmovementsrejectrcepcallparliamentaryscrutinymegatradedeal Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership RCEP is currently being negotiated by 16 countries including the 10 ASEAN countries along with India China Japan South Korea New Zealand and Australia. And in secret. Unions and social movements reject it. . The Numbers Hide The Story. Salary in India: [removed]. The Fraud of Indian Education. Indian money in Swiss banks at a record low: [deleted]. GST is a successful story of cooperative federalism. GST rates revised Heres a full list of items. Kerala is the best Governed state in India according to the Public Affairs Index 2018 followed by Tamil Nadu Telangana and Karnataka.. India overtakes France as 6th biggest economy in the world.. When India failed Rafale. FPIs pull out rs 20 ban in July on higher crude oil prices weak rupee. [Mumbai] BMC didnt complete 58 road works CAG. The CAG also alleged that fraud cannot be ruled out when it comes to the payment made for the transportation of surplus excavated materials.. As Aadhaar Act takes effect State govt. cautions against excluding beneficiaries. Steps to follow for filing IT returns before July 31 2018 WITHOUT Aadhaar: 1. Before July 31 2018 login to Netbanking. 2. Navigate to Income Tax efiling / everification 3. This will likely open a page for you to confirm first your bank account then PAN. 4. Then it will redirect you to the efiling site. In Aadhaar field enter 1111 1111 1115. 5. Ensure that you do NOT click on button Link now. Click on button Later 6. You will have to select what return you are filing etc. Below that you should see a line saying since you are using netbanking your return will be everified. Submit 7. You will get the acknowledgment immediately. Proof of concept July 21 2018 https//twitter.com/godavar/status/1020722551633293313s19 Filed IT return normally using netbanking everification and dummy Aadhaar. It did not pick up 12 0s from last years ITR nor did it accept 12 0s this time. But 11 1s and a 5 worked just fine. Received acknowledgement also. https//twitter.com/godavar/status/1020730033759870976s19 Log into your netbanking account. Depending on the bank you will have a menu option that says more or other services or services. Within that youll find the option for everification. This will likely open a page for you to confirm first your bank account then PAN. https//twitter.com/godavar/status/1020730417823952896s19 Then it will redirect you to the efiling site. you will have to select what return you are filing etc. Below that you should see a line saying since you are using netbanking your return will be everified. Related post https//np.reddit.com/r/antiaadhar/comments/8xxhc1/samplecoveringletterforitrvthatyousendto/ Edit As of today here are the relevant orders March 13 2018 Interim Order of Honble Supreme Court of India on Aadhaar https//www.sci.gov.in/supremecourt/2012/35071/350712012Order13Mar2018.pdf March 31 2018 Gazette by Union Ministry of Finance Govt. of India http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2018/184377.pdf June 30 2018 Order of Central Board of Direct Taxes https//www.incometaxindia.gov.in/news/cbdtorderregardinglinkingofpanwithaadhaarwhilefilingofitrs30062018.pdf As per the above order of CBDT Aadhaar PAN linkage has been extended till March 31 2019. If any IT officer seeks clarification via call / email / in person then quote the above orders in writing with email trail.. FM Arun Jaitley dubs critics of GST rate on sanitary pads as illinformed explains why. Blockchain is helping build Andhra Pradeshs new capital but can it cut through the red tape. Virtuosity Vir Sanghvi Talks To Nandan Nilekani On Aadhaar Controversy. Interview Arun Shourie on Indias Foreign Policy And SinoIndian Relations. Sanitary napkins to be exempt from GST: [deleted]. Biggest MobilePhone Plant Masks Modis Make in India Struggle. On Virtuosity virsanghvi delves into the privacy amp Aadhaar surveillance debate with NandanNilekani amp Privacy 3.0 author Matthan. Watch the show on Saturday at 10 PM and Sunday 1030 AM amp 730 PM.: [deleted]. GST Council Meet Updates Big Rate Cuts For Consumer Durables Paints And Cosmetics Sanitary Napkins Exempt. Medical Tourism in India Why Is It Such a Big Deal. Sanitary napkins to be exempt from GST: [deleted]. Rs 1 billion needed to recalibrate 240000 ATMs for new Rs 100 notes. Finally they listened. These two freight corridors will change the way India transports goods. What would be the GDP of India in 20102014 if it was calculated on new formula based on CPI: Since formula for GDP has been changed from WPI to CPI. So does anyone knows what could be the GDP during 20102014 if it gets recalculated on CPI.. Rs 1 billion needed to recalibrate 240000 ATMs for new Rs 100 notes. Supreme courtcriticisescentreforsittingonrs77000croremeantforprotectionofenvironment. Another Masterstroke. Again a Masterstroke. Rs 100 new note ATM operations industry says Rs 100 cr needed to recalibrate ATMs across India. Maharashtra dairy farmers withdraw stir as govt hikes milk rate to Rs 25/litre. Breaking news RBIs cryptocurrency prohibition continues final arguments on 11th September ItsBlockchain. Its not numbers will use noconfidence motion to expose govts failures G News. India sees major reductions in HIV infections UN report. RBI gives inprinciple nod to LIC for acquiring majority stake in IDBI Bank.  G News Telugu. Bye bye pesky calls and spam messages. RBI Released 100rs notes Images Trending on twitter as lavendernotes With Funniest Jokes. [Showerthought] Should cities control their own tax revenue: I dont mean to sound like the Shiv Sena but isnt it a good idea for cities in India to get a higher proportion of tax revenue collected there. Or be able to levy their own taxes This will help in following ways 1. Less layers of corruption Now the money goes from the city to the center and states passing through many layers of corruption where it gets siphoned off. 2. More efficient spending A road built in a dense city is cheaper per capita than one built to connect sparse villages in the middle of nowhere. The population of India is moving to urban centers anyway why not encourage/accommodate this by spending more on cities. 88 Incidents Of Cowrelated Violence Since 2012 86 of Them During BJP Rule. Biggest MobilePhone Plant Masks Modis Make in India Struggle. UN Human Rights Chief Hits Back on Claims of Bias on Kashmir Report.. US Import Duty Hike India set to break World Trade Organization WTO rules get protectionism tag. Kumar Mangalam Birla says all is not rosy for economy in nearterm[. Shiv Sena to Supports Modi Govt on no trust vote BJP claims G News. Rahul should be PM says Kumaraswamy amid reports of dissent. Nagpur to Mumbai in 5 hours Indian Railways plans highspeed service: [removed]. Nagpur to Mumbai in 5 hours Indian Railways plans highspeed service. Explanation of Indian Sales Taxes Please: Hello I wanted to know how sales taxes worked in India. I know there is a VAT tax is there one nationally or does it vary by state Are there 2 VATs one national and one at the state level or is there just one either state or national Is there additional sales tax or is it just the VAT Thanks. . Prime Ministers Employment Generation Programme PMEGP has created over 1113000 mn jobs in last 3 yrs MSME Minister Giriraj Singh. This video in many ways explain why India today faces the problems it does.. Flipkart Dismisses FIFA 18 PC Piracy Report as Irrelevant Question. Assam Doubtful Citizenship Distorted Rights A Fact Finding Report. Government increases sugarcane FRP by Rs 20 per quintal to Rs 275. Rupee slips by 2 paise to 68.47 against dollar as greenback demand surges. The monsoon session of parliament braces for oppositions thunder and lightning G News. Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports. What do you think Salmens 8 Lane Green Corridor project is a Boon or a Curse. Govt likely to extend retirement age of SC judges to 67 years says report.. Drinking Alcohol On Goa Beaches Banned From August 15 Heavy Fines For Those Flouting Rules. Ayushman Bharat Health Protection Scheme to combine with states health scheme Bimabazaar.comInsurance Articles Insurance News Insurance Books Insurance Magazine IRDA Exam. Educating girls can improve Indias health outcomes. Did Indias economy plummet from 3rd largest in the world in 2011 to 6th largest in 2017. Dr Subramanian Swamy Addressing Students of IIM Bangalore on Entrepreneurship. Mumbai Police actually takes actions based on Twitter reports. Dear PM Modi GDP Is Gross Economic Jumla For Campaign 2019. Following Missionaries of Charity controversy Maneka Gandhi orders directives. Flipkart management opposes Googles investment sees it as a future rival Report. IMF trims Indias economic growth forecast to 7.3 in 2018 7.5 in 2019. Amazon Prime Day sale Users report issues with the website. TRAI recommends stricter data security rules.. Aadhaar biometric data cannot be hacked Union Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad The Minister said that Aadhaar authorities conduct nearly one crore authentications every second.. ToxicsWatch Journal of Earth Science Economy and Justice 51 Reasons why all freedom loving citizens oppose Aadhaar project and Aadhaar ActPart IX. Indias Social Revolution:  Indias digital leap consisting of a combination of Jan Dhan Aadhaar rising mobile penetration and a Goods and Services Tax regime is generating deep social impact promising reduced income inequality increased financial inclusion better quality of life and higher agricultural productivity. [https//www.bloombergquint.com/opinion/2018/07/16/indiassocialrevolution]https//www.bloombergquint.com/opinion/2018/07/16/indiassocialrevolution. Going by the highoctane global missions of Narendra Modi Indias exports recession remains an enigma. On the Institute of Eminence Report. Did Indias economy plummet from 3rd largest in the world in 2011 to 6th largest in 2017. A campaign to lower the age of candidacy for parliament. India launches billion dollar cell phone shakedown. India launches billion dollar cell phone shakedown. Shyam Benegal It is not the job of the CBFC to function as a moral custodian of the public. Wish Amartya Sen Would Spend Time in India to Look at Work Done on Ground Niti Aayog VC. What are the benefits India would get if Northeast India is fully developed. How loan waivers and local politicians are causing problem to banks amp bankers.: Whenever a loan is disbursed in bank a new account is created with a negative balance now as you pay your EMIS the balance tends towards zero and it is settled when the balance reaches zero. After farm loan waiver what has happened is local politicians and farmers are forcing bankers to credit the amount into their savings account instead of settling their loan accounts. Someone i know has even been threated by locals to do it. This way the loan still stays in banks books and the money is gobbled up by farmers and local politicians. Now i dont have any proofs i can share about this but asking any of your banker friends would confirm my story. . How Roads help the Economic Development: Roads are common things now days but how such a common thing can actually affects the Economic Development And how it affects our Financial Economics These questions we are going to discuss in this blog. US doesnt have good roads because its rich but rich because it has good roads \ Henry Ford As Henry Ford says road is used as a median for economic development. Good roads can lead towards Economic Growth. Thats why while studying economics many books focus on public expenditure and deficit budget. Government deficit budget have importance in developing country. So how can we achieve economic development by just developing roads We will divide it into two parts i. Business use ii. Normal use i. Business use For understanding it we will look about commercial use of road. Road quality can reduce time spending on travel and reduce loss of good while transportation. To understand it lets take an example. Lets imagine you produce raw goods in Bangalore and this raw material is use to produce final good in Mumbai so I have to transport my goods from Bangalore to Mumbai and in minimum time possible so that price can be minimize and it will affects the price of last goods and vice versa Its not only happen while producing but also while selling of goods from one state to another for e.g. Assam is state which produce more Tea and if I have to sale that in any other part of country I have to use roads as it is use minimum price per km I travel but if goods take 1 day to travel from Assam to Mumbai all the price of petrol and transportation vehicle will be added in goods and it will keep on rising as time raise and vice versa. How time affects the production to show it following the numerical example Our close economic competitor and neighbour China To travel from Beijing to Shanghai it takes 12.5 hours and distance is 1213 KM To travel from Delhi to Mumbai it takes 22.5 hours and distance is 1414 KM Average speed is also 100 km/hr and 60km/hr respectively 10 hours delay is not a small time period let take example if chinas cost for that travel is X then Indias will be X10 and that 10 will contain the figures of per hour cost i.e. petrol toll and vehicle expanse So by this example we can say that China is producing goods 10 hours before India and that too because of conditions of roads one simple thing is helping China. ii. Normal use In this type common people use roads for their day to day uses they use it for up down from office to home etc. By development of road we can reduce pressure on our existing cities like Mumbai Delhi etc. as more people work in this cities and try to live inside it so that they can reach their destination on time and that makes a huge pressure on cities as due to our population more and more people is attracts towards cities so to tackle this we can make the roads in and outside cities so that they can live outside city and can travel when you want without delay. For e.g. Mumbai is now being over populated and people is ready to live in small houses and travel in over populated trains which can be change if we make roads and shift these peoples from Mumbai to New Mumbai New city to reduce pressure on main city which is 2530 km away. In common words we can say that if we have roads we can use land which was not in use earlier we have large amount of unused land in our country that can utilized. As we make road in undeveloped sector then companies can use it and that sector also be developed for e.g. New Mumbai was area which help to reduce pressure on Mumbai and now a days this area is been used by many companies BKC in Mumbai is also an area which is been develop by developing roads. What is actual problem of Indian roads So why not we take an initiative and do something to reduce this time we have NH National Highway in our country but they are not up to the mark there are various problems with the Indian roads Quality of roads is poor We have the roads but may be material which we are using is poor thats why we can often see potholes on the road If we can see it in big cities then just imagine conditions of rural road Very limited Express way Express way can be used to reduce timing as there are many restrictions on motorcycle and average speed of vehicle also rises for e.g. Mumbai Pune express way reduces time from 78 hours to 23 hours. Expansion of roads In India we often can see two lane roads where it needs four lanes or more due to this we can see traffic conductions at most roads Slow road making process It is very shocking that there is a named NHDP which started in 1998 it was not completed yet. Bharatmala Project To make new roads Government of India has make a new project called Bharatmala Project which can help to make new roads Few highlights of the project [img]6xifboqhy2a11 In this projects 34800 km roads will be constructed. Bharatmala project will lower logistic costs to 6amp37 from 18amp37 \ Nitin Gadkari Minister of Road Transport and Highways of India India is now having logistic expenses costs at 1618amp37 compared to china which is 810amp37 Bharatmala project will increase vehicle travelling speed by around 2025amp37 It is estimated that this project will make 22 million jobs This is one huge step taken by the govt. of India we just have seen whether it get complete in time or not because India has very bad track records on completing projects on time. Conclusion Roads is not a common things now a days it can make a huge impact on the economic development and Government of India is seems to it seriously and making effort of it like Bharatmala projects etc. and it will make a difference in upcoming years as India head towards development It take some time to us to see the outcome but it will surly help India to be on path of economic development.. Has the IAS Failed the Nation An Insiders View. India to be 10 trillion economy by 2030 Garg. Money Cannot Buy Excellence in Education But Jios Eminence Tag is Worth Crores. Top 10 Blue Chip Companies in India. QuickRupee Were Money Matters:  Quickrupee U will get free update on stock to Buy Hold Sell Like Follow amp join fb page [https//www.facebook.com/QuickRupee194422801249368/modaladmin\todo\tour]https//www.facebook.com/QuickRupee194422801249368/modaladmintodotour twitter [https//twitter.com/qrupee]https//twitter.com/qrupee telegram channel https//t.me/quickrupee. Aadhar spies. Indias trade deficit widens to more than fiveyear high in June. India invites Trump for RDay When events replace serious foreign policy. India has become the sixth biggest economy of the World. Petrol price crosses Rs 84mark in Mumbai up in Delhi Kolkata Chennai. BJP on Twitter India is now the worlds sixth largest economy continues to be the fastest growing economy.. Twin shocks for economy as growth slumps retail inflation picks up. Planning to file your ITR Here are 9 key tips for firsttime taxpayers. [Exclusive news] India might lift the blanket ban on crypto in India ItsBlockchain. Govt slashes UPI cashback scheme limit to total of Rs 150 per person. Big gain India saves whopping Rs 90000 crore by Aadhaarenabled Direct Benefit Transfer. Double whammy for economy as consumer inflation accelerates to 5 in June industrial production slips to 3.2 in May. Digital India Campaign to Drive a Trillion Dollar Indian Digital Economy. India may not ban cryptocurrency treat them as commodities instead. India will overtake UK this year as the worlds fifth biggest economy. India becomes worlds sixth largest economy muscles past France Times of India. [Coinness News] India May Not Ban Cryptocurrency After All: A finance ministry panel was set up to study cryptocurrencies. A senior government official privy to the panels discussions told Quartz I dont think anyone is really thinking of banning it cryptocurrencies altogether. The issue here is about regulating the trade and we need to know where the money is coming from. Allowing it as a commodity may let us better regulate trade and so that is being looked at.Coinness APP Free Realtime Global Crypto News. Haleys Visit and Possible US Sanctions on Indian Imports of Iranian Oil. World Bank says India beat France to become sixth largest economy Report. Internet to remain free and fair in India Govt approves net neutrality Times of India. Prime Time With Ravish Kumar July 05 2018 Has Punjabs Drug Problem Gone Beyond Control: Ravish follows up on the drug epidemic gripping Punjab now under the new regime [https//www.youtube.com/watchvsXWqB6zaDM]https//www.youtube.com/watchvsXWqB6zaDM. Mandatory Maternity Benefits May Cost 1.8 Million Women In India Their Jobs. Kylie Jenner Set To Become US Youngest SelfMade Billionaire Forbes Report. Net Neutrality and New Telecom Policy Obtain Clearance from Telecom Commission but Something we should Know...: News outlets are reporting as the title says that policy on Net Neutrality is given green light. But there are some points that should not be missed The telcos will be allowed to use traffic management practices to maintain the quality of service Which means that torrent or peer to peer connections which hogs the network can get throttled soon. CDN Content Delivery Network is kept out of the policy wordings. Which can be interpreted as telcos wish. The paper doesnt talk about the Law Enforcement Agencies and the ever increasing Internet Blackouts ordered by them and implemented by telcos in a jiffy. Services that will be excluded from the rules include systems critical to business operations remote surgery procedures and autonomous cars. Ref https//telecomtalk.info/netneutralitynewtelecompolicyobtainclearancefromtelecomcommission/179020/ https//scroll.in/latest/886179/centreapprovestelecomauthoritysrecommendationsonnetneutrality . India overtakes France as 6th biggest economy in the world:  https//www.indiatoday.in/india/story/indiaovertakesfranceas6thbiggesteconomyintheworld128256220180711 Shared from my Google feed. Uber Chief People Officer Liane Hornsey Resigns Reportedly Over Discrimination Probe. Nawaz Sharif Maryam Could Apply For Better Class Jail Facility Report. Major Steps taken for Reducing Tax Litigations. First step in treating Indian languages on par with Hindi/English. Net Neutrality Gets Telecom Commissions Nod New Telecom Policy Cleared. Famous TV Channels amp their Tagline KEEN Flashcards. India replaces France as worlds 6th biggest economy. Sri Paripoornanda Swamy banished from Hyderabad G News. Already Asias worstperforming currency the Indian rupee could slide further. Petrol diesel cars may be taxed more to push electric vehicle sales.. Delhi government teachers to undergo skill training at NIE Singapore. Parents satisfied with quality improvement in Delhi governmentrun schools says Assocham survey. .. G News Telugu. Unified Payment Interface UPI to get upgraded by the National Payments Corporation of India NPCI UPI 2.0. India vs. China A Game of Chess on Lankan Soil. Section 377 Partner can be from the same sex says Justice Chandrachud. SAP Training in Chandigarh. Is GST leading to an increase in illegal gold trade. The staggering rise of Indias superrich News. Abolition Of Death Penalty By Several Countries Not A Ground To Efface It From The Statute Book Of Our Country SC [Read Judgment]. Indian real estate shows steady improvement sales up 24 in 3 months 40 in six months. One child policy in India: Okay I want to start with saying this Do you think its a good idea to create a single child policy with limited exceptions in the case of twins etc. I think India has a fairly bleak future if we continue the path we are on 1. Frequent droughts in most of the country. Unable to support the vegetation needed for the burgeoning population. 2. Water. The quality of water in our country is subpar. I dont know what else to say but our system is strained during droughts and floods. I was recently reading an article on shimlas water system from British era and it was unfortunate. 3. The air quality due to pollution. More people more resources burned higher consumption pollution. Whats the point of having more babies if we cannot provide them with clean air water or food 4. Medical Care. Currently life expectancy in India is one of the lowest among the developing world. Unless we are able to control the population explosion I do not see a way to provide excellent healthcare to our citizens. 5. AI technologies automating a lot of these redundant tasks. The tech industry which is one of the few sources of well paying jobs may not be able to survive this. It would not be long before India is vulnerable to AI. Industries like banking which employ a lot of low paying staff will be easy to automate. What is your take on this I believe that if we dont look at it right away we are going to create a mess which we wont be able to deal with. We do not have good governance regarding these issues but I believe that the government can come up with and implement strategies to enforce it. . Indias unofficial recycling bin the city where electronics go to die. Immigration threshold. Largest Mobile Factory In the World top be in Noida. Dont we have enough pollution in that area. Six universities granted Institute of Eminence status. Urgent help mugged in Mumbai wallet gone with PAN and Aadhar: Hello I was mugged today in Mumbai or pickpocketed if that makes you happy. My wallet with my Aadhar and PAN and cards that Ive now canceled 30 rupees in cash etc was stolen. I need to know what my steps are moving forward. I have an FIR from/with the RPF thana in CST. What do I do now I know I can get my Aadhar duplicate but can I change the number Same with my PAN. I feel very uncomfortable knowing that there are two pieces of personal information of mine out there. What do I do now Help. [NP] Told to Name 20 Institutions of Eminence Expert Committee Finds Only Six Cites Weak Research. India has taken a quantum jump in the wrong direction since 2014 Amartya Sen. Amartya Sen hits out at Modi govt says India has taken a quantum jump in wrong direction since 2014. The Life of Labour SC Dubs Government Affidavit on Welfare Boards as Absolutely False. Vijay Mallya reveals why he is not worried about recent asset seizure order. One Dead As Chopper Crashes Into US Townhouse Reports. Ramayana Express Railways to launch train to locations connected with the epic says report. The train will start from Delhi and stop at Ayodhya Sitamarhi Janakpur Varanasi Nasik and Rameshwaram among other places.. Why India needs women to work. Culture and the labour market keep Indias women at home. Rupee may hit 70/Dollar mark this week say bankers. 55000 children kidnapped in 2016 in India report. Proof that colonialism still exists in some form in peoples psyche in the Old World. These commentors were all out against me in trying to prove that me the simple Indian knows nothing. Context was an economist video on Linkedin about weaker economies.. Andheri Bridge Collapse Report Who is responsible. Why is India growing so fast CNBC explains YouTube. Buy bitcoin if you are in India: Folks I can never emphasize this enough. If youre in India and most of your assets are in cash or stocks consider hedging your position a little bit by buying bitcoin. The way the rupee is going and with oil price shooting through the roof inflation is only going to spike. There seems to be a lot of headwinds for the global economy. Protect your downside by buying a little bit of bitcoin. There is a clear reason that RBI wants you NOT to own bitcoin. Think about it. It is volatile but a safe long term hedge against massively manipulated currencies. Rupee is one of them.. JEE Main and NEET exams to be conducted twice a year says government. JEE Main and NEET exams to be conducted twice a year says government. 54 Deaths Reported In WeekLong Heat Wave In Canada. Boy 2 Sexually Assaulted Allegedly At Kolkata Playschool. School has denied the incident and the CCTV cameras at the school reportedly havent recorded anything between June 26 and July 2.. Kumaraswamys brother travels 340 km for work daily reports say Karnataka minister refuses govt bungalow because of vaastu. dont let the UGC collapse. r/india dont let the UGC fall: [removed]. India Inc likely to report doubledigit profit growth for 3rd quarter in a row. Petrol prices up for 2nd straight day Check new rates in top cities today. The debate must go on Unemployment in India. Modis admission that he hid economic data raises questions about his commitment to transparency. Have we taken Digital India Too Seriously. Mumbai bridge collapse No lessons learnt Report asked WR to audit all overbridges 3 years ago. We must stand together and act against RBI JohnMcAfee. RBI Ban You Cant Buy Sell Bitcoins Other Cryptocurrencies From Today. Bata attract and retain the best people only a page from the annual report book they sent me. Question on student visa to Canada.: Im planning on doing a four year UG degree on forestry in Canada. The problem is that I only have 45 in 12th CBSE Mathematics. My agent told me about a visa rejection risk I could face due to this. So my question is what are the chances of my visa being rejected due to this I have an 8 band in IELTS and my overall 12th percentage is 71.6.. JioMoney reportedly exposes user data including Aadhaar and JioMoney mPIN. Most Popular Travel Destinations in India you must visit before you die. How the smart cities project is transforming Indias urban governance. Delhi Verdict Not Applicable To Puducherry Situation Supreme Court. Wow India has improved over the many years.. 80487 trees and counting Bullet train will dent mango chikoo exports say Gujarats fruit farmers. Its another level of news reporting Ram Mandir Debate Zee News. No Child Can Stay Forcefully With Parents In Their House Particularly Senior Citizens Bombay HC Orders Sons Eviction From Mothers House. Minimum support price for paddy hiked by Rs 200 per quintal. First Visit of Chinese Military Delegation after Doklam Stalemate Diplomacy24.com. The marriage penalty on women in India. Indian Supreme Court Upholds RBIs Decision to Deny Banking Services to Crypto Businesses. BuyUcoin Study Indian Females Double Males in Investing Cryptocurrency. Gujarat government buried CID report on Amit Shah. Global Geothermal Turbines Market Service Trends and Report to 2022. Tata Power gains 1 on commissioning 100 MW solar plant in Andhra Pradesh. SC refuses to grant temporary relief on RBIs cryptocurrency ban.. RBI ban on Indias cryptocurrency exchanges will remain top court rules.. Supreme Court To Decide If LiveIns Can Be Treated As De Facto Marriage. Possible Outcome of RBI Crypto Ban Hearing Today 3rd July All Updates. Sad but true. All 11 in house died of Hanging Medical Report updated. One Year of GST A Peek Into Surats Decaying Textile Industry [Policy]. Dalai Lama Arvind Kejriwal Launch Happiness Program For Delhi Schools. Why Should Advocates Be On Their Legs In Courts NHRC Asks BCI To Look Into Advocates Complaint. Reportedly Google will release its own smartwatch this year. Nothing makes me feel more patriotic than standing up for 30secs in a movie theatre. /s. How Nitin Gadkari has changed Indias highways sector. Telangana unveils its own EV policy. Government mandates 2G telecom infrastructure and not 4G for new USOF mobile coverage project for AN amp NI Islands.: In this day and age when most operators have switched of 2G completely and moving on to 4G and now beginning to finalise 5G USOF Universal Service Obligation Fund has asked operators to build new 2G infrastructure and not 3G or 4G. Some points It will be government our money paid to telcos for rollout of about 250 towers. Telcos can use their old 2G hardware from the rest of the country that they have taken down from about 75000 closed 2G towers. When the money is spent why not 4G Jio is not happy about it and have complained to USOF. Ref https//telecomtalk.info/jiobaffled2ginfrastructuretendernorms/178748/ https//www.financialexpress.com/industry/mukeshambanisreliancejiohugelydisappointedbygovernmentsthisdecision/1228197/lite/ . E Sreedharan Bullet trains are for elites. We need a modern fast and safe railway system. Microsoft secret Surface device is a hybrid of mobile tablet PC Report. Bullet train project South Gujarat farmers protest against land acquisition. Is aadhar card necessary for getting a sim. Supreme Court to hear Assam NRC case today. Interpol has issued a Red Corner Notice against absconding billionaire jeweller Nirav Modi who is facing a probe of 2 billion in PNB Scam. Milk Mercedes cant be taxed at single GST rate says PM Narendra Modi. What If India And China Used Natural Gas And Oil Like The U.S.. Delhi 11 of same family dead they reportedly observed mysticalpractices. GST bounty to spur rate slab cut. Proud to a Surati surats underground garbage system. Proud to be a Surati. GST Gujre Saal Tax. To Reduce Pendency Govt May Not Move SC in Cases Where Implication is Below Rs 50 Lakh. Wonder what would crop up if this documentary had been made on the Indian scenario instead of the American one. Gotta appreciate the Americans for being brave enough to stand up.. One year of G. S. T. PM Modi says Mercedes and milk cant be taxed at same rate rules out single GST slab. The idea of a single tax slab in GST is flawed Arun Jaitley. Neros Guests by P Sainath. What Most People Get Wrong About Indias Pollution Problems. What Most People Get Wrong About Indias Pollution Crises. Income tax return Deadline to link Aadhaar card with PAN extended till March 31 2019. Modi government to celebrate July 1 as GST day to commemorate first year of tax reform. The relation between Indias pollution and its stage of development is as strong as the IIT tag and Quora. So deal with it.. Just change track. No need to show marriage certificate for passport EAM Swaraj. The Uses and Abuses of Economics. Na khaunga Na khane dunga Modi. Four years later Indian money in swiss banks Rs 70000000000 only 2017 saw a 50.2 percent increase in money stashed abroad. Should we expect a 50.2 percent increase in the 15 lakh amount to be deposited in our bank accounts as promised by Modi: [removed]. Sanju Censor Board Reportedly Asked Filmmakers To Delete Toilet Leakage Scene. Heres Why. PMs crowd sourced report card. US Human Trafficking Report Cites Mixed Progress in Asia. Indians money in Swiss banks rise 50 to over CHF 1 billion: [removed]. India Bows to US Pressure Prepares for Cut in Oil Imports From Iran Report. Too many posts on Mandatory National Service. How about Mandatory Social Service: [removed]. MISLEADING ADVERTISEMENTS dated 28/june/2018. U.S. Secretary of State Pompeo to Visit North Korea Next WeekReport. How trade war unleashed by Trump is bringing old foes India amp China closer. Double trouble Rupee sinks to lifetime low of Rs 69.10 against US Dollar as oil prices head north. More Kerala Residents Join ISIS Speculations Rise After 11 People of 2 Families Go Missing. In 2016 about 21 people from Kerala had gone missing while five of them were reportedly killed while fighting for the ISIS.. New maternity law may cost 1.8 million Indian women their jobs Report. India may get rid of extreme poverty by 2030 under 3 to remain poor by 2020 Report. GST A boon or a bane: 2000 crore GST evasion unearthed in two months https//www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/2000croregstevasionunearthedintwomonths/article24271802.ece. Latest RBI report predicts increase in bad loans with sectors like infrastructure among the big sinkholes.. How to Create Virtual Aadhaar ID Virtual ID . Up To 1.8 Million Women May Lose Jobs After Maternity Law Changes Report. Modi government announces repeal of UGC Act new Higher Education Commission to be set up. 7th pay commission No more overtime payment for employees decides Modi government. India flexes muscle against powerful oil lobby OPEC decided to raise output after this warning from India. Should Your LIC Premium Bailout a Failing Bank. Should your LIC Premium Pay for a Failing Bank. UP couple passport issue Police report shows woman not living at address. GST is the most stupid conception. India is now the most dangerous country in the world for women says Thompson Reuters poll. World Cup Oncamera kiss attempt angers reporter and rightly so. Employment 4 million new jobs created in eight months till April says CSO report. Head Of Missionary School Asked Victims To Go With Accused Not Report Incident Father Alfonso had called the troupe to perform a play in the missionary school. When the criminals came Father Alfonso asked them to leave out the nuns and told the five women to go with the culprits for two hours.. India to look forward for investments in 9 more projects from Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank AIIB says the Union Minister of Railways Coal Finance and Corporate Affairs Shri Piyush Goyal. Petrol prices cut for sixth straight day Heres what you pay in top cities. What about their plastic brains. As per this report..Airtel is best in Data Speeds and Jio in Network Coverage. Indias energy production by fuel together with its total energy consumption based upon BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2018 data. World Food Prize Goes to an Economist and a Doctor. Modinomics Why India Is on the Path to LongTerm Prosperity. GST failing to meet the promises still exists Problems HSBC Report. Maharashtra plastic ban to cost 3 lakh jobs loss of Rs 15000 crore Report. Why PPP Model of Infrastructure Development Is Yet to Takeoff in India. Army Chief Bipin Rawat Reviews Security In Valley: [removed]. Human rights ignored in Smart Cities Mission civil society report. Indian government to launch regulatory framework for crypto by July. Over 4 Lakh Indians May Have to Wait 151 Years for Green Card Report. 19 of Indias 25 dirtiest cities are in West Bengal Darjeeling on the list. India produces minerals worth Rs 1.13 lakh cr in FY18. India to focus EV subsidies on ride sharing electric cars electrive.com. Over 7000 Indians sought US asylum in 2017 Report Times of India.  State Human Rights Commission Study Idol. Plastic ban in Maharashtra from today What is allowed whats banned The Indian Express. Abolishing Income Tax Only Way to Fix Economy Subramanian Swamy. The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh RSSbacked Bharatiya Shikshan Mandal wants classical languages to be compulsory from classes IX to XII for which they have presented certain points to the committee headed by K Kasturirangan in order to draft the New Education Policy NEP.. Beware before ordering online for the people from Maharashtra: Because of plastic ban wef tommrow Flipkart and amazon are not going to put any bubble wraps/air cushion in the package. they will be delivered as is only with a box.. GST fails its biggest promise of economy formalisation HSBC. What are some of the best resources/websites to learn more about our economy and latest updates and such: Ive got some free time for the next month or so and Ive been wanting to learn more about the current state of our economy happening events and similar things. I would like to know of some websites with great content in terms of financial and economically related news to continue to expand my knowledge in these areas. Some newspapers with good/above average content and readability would also be appreciated. Thank you. . Auction of spectrum for 5G services only around second half of 2019 COAI. India sees sharp fall in heat wave deaths. CIC to decide RTI appeals even after death of appellant Govt Times of India. Help. Aadhar Insurance and TCS: Hey. Im keeping some things vague on purpose. Long story short My sister passed away at Theni forest fires this March. Her dad doesnt want to keep his wife her mom so we bring here to our place since that fellow kicked her out after her daughter which was his intent for both of them since long. now he has accomplished his goals. we are trying to get the insurance money from TCS so that she can survive. TCS HR is behaving like robots and worse than government employees with no empathy and are asking for the fathers aadhar or pan card which he isnt giving. The father says he doesnt need the money nor he will let his wife have it and that he wants to see her on the streets. Yeah he is a sadist unfortunately and everything and everyone favours him what do we do now We only have a signed document from him in the presence of a lawyer stating that he doesnt need the money. Thats the short version. Any pointers amp help Ill be grateful for you. . Land Encroachment for Motorway Project by TamilNadu Government ... with Eng CC. What is really happening . JEEAdvanced the entrance test for admission into IITs is unscientific and needs to be reformed Union Human Resources Development secretary higher education R Subrahmanyam has told The New Indian Express.. Who Is Indias Finance Minister Asks Subramanian Swamy. Indias utility solar capacity grows 72 in FY18 Report. India hits back to the duties put by US. Asking Economists of India What is the current state of Indian economy: I was going through the economic survey of India 2018 and I found the stats troubling. Maybe I am wrong but the following graphs do not paint a rosy picture. 1 Declining corporate profits https//imgur.com/a/iHTXYH3 2 Ballooning P/E ratio https//imgur.com/a/qkU4iPA 3 MF madness https//imgur.com/a/qkU4iPA From the report http//mofapp.nic.in8080/economicsurvey/pdf/001031Chapter01ENGLISHVol01201718.pdf gt But sustaining these valuations will require future growth in the economy and earnings in line with current expectations and require the portfolio reallocation to be semipermanent. Otherwise the possibility of a correction in them cannot be ruled out. Are we in a bubble What is the worst case scenario Is the GDP growth sustainable with declining corporate profits or Is Ache din ahead of us . What do they mean by mandatory update Is it mandatory to have aadhar for kids 5 to 15 years of age. The Rise of The Decentralized Economy What is Indias take on Crypto till now. Delhi and Chandigarh Countrys Most Populated Areas Show Worst Sex Ratio National Health Report. Manish Sisodia announces Happiness Curriculum from nursery to Class 8 in Delhi schools The Indian Express. My hat off to this Headline. ROFL.. Bleacher report banned again: I remember this happened a while back due to some broadcasting dispute. But what in the world could they have done this time Why does the B/R app say its been blocked by order of the dept. of telecommunications . Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian Quits Says Best Job Not Without Controversy Sometimes. Trending tags on Twitter is becoming a joke. In the morning KisanKiBaatPMKeSaath was trending so ModiFailsFarmers is trending now. What are your thoughts on this trend pun intended. CEA Arvind Subramanian to return to United States in October. Govt to build new rail bridge over Yamuna river in Delhi to ease congestion. Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian resigns due to personal reasons will move to US. India Accounts. Just around 25 of Indias workforce is female says McKinsey report. Looking for an update...: Hey guys I was wondering if you guys could tell me about India and whats happening politically/economically. i was hoping to start actually staying uptodate with whats going on around the world and want to start with my homecountry. Thanks r/NerdyYetPopular. Why do some people have surnames like Engineer or Reporter. After Air India fiasco govt plans Coal India share sale Report. Insiders perspective on what has been happening in Tuticorin and what our media doesnt report.. The Government Is Lying To You About The Reasons Behind High Cost Of Diesel amp Petrol: [https//newscentral24x7.com/whyarewepayingmoreforoil/]https//newscentral24x7.com/whyarewepayingmoreforoil/. eCommerce laws and regulations in India for Sellers and Suppliers: [removed]. New RBI framework for dealing with Non performing assets NPA. Indias subprime mortgage mania can quickly turn to panic. Delhi Government Asks Schools To Form Committee To Sexual Handle Harassment Complaints. According to norms prescribed by DoE there shall not be less than four members including Presiding Officer in the ICC.. Prove youre Indian health dept asks RTI activist from city Times of India. Notes worth Rs 12 lakh destroyed by mice inside Assams Tinsukia ATM. Arun Jaitley hints at no cut in excise on oil asks citizens to pay taxes honestly. Thread Rumours and gossip are floating around in Delhi on the data protection report by the Justice Srikrishna Committee. While some press reports indicated it would be released today it seems now that only the final meeting of the committee is scheduled today. 1/n. Is it preferable to submit AADHAR details or PAN details etc when applying for passport. Is the Indian Democracy under Threat. Is the Indian Democracy under threat. Startups Indian startups still dont take data privacy seriously. Srikrishna Committee may change it soon. US trade war with India China and other countries explained. Make in India/ startup india is a joke.: I wanted a laptop bed table. Searched online and came across this [https//www.amazon.in/PaffyMultipurposeFoldableLaptopTable/dp/B01MR0T89U/refsr\1\5ieUTF8ampqid1529286571ampsr85ampkeywordslaptoptable]https//www.amazon.in/PaffyMultipurposeFoldableLaptopTable/dp/B01MR0T89U/refsr15ieUTF8ampqid1529286571ampsr85ampkeywordslaptoptable This is made in china product. Looks good.. but then I thought why not I get it custom build by some local carpenter as custom build will have better wood more sturdier and also cheaper price. but I couldnt have been so wrong. It turned out to be expensive plus carpenters didnt have tools/skills to give finish like that of chinese made table. It would have cost even more if I wanted round bevel edges. I came to know India has whopping 28amp37 gst on wood. So to summarise Its cheaper to import a product from china than to build it locally. Those who support china ban are idiots. If today china products banned. India will go back to medieval age. . Ready to replace biotoilets with airplanelike toilets Piyush Goyal. Town facing police brutality while internet is cut off so as to not report on the issue.. ELI5Import rules and regulation in India.: Say I buy a car in Nepal and drive it over here for personal use what would be the taxif any and where would it be collected. Another example would be if I bought a sealed product in the UK unsealed it and brought it over here on a flight. How would the tax be collected for personal versus commercial use. UN report on Kashmir Outgoing chief Zeid Raad Al Hussein lacks moral authority to speak on human rights Firstpost. Ground report If we touch them well be butchered say Tamil Nadu villagers after caste killings. On May 28 three Scheduled Caste men were hacked to death allegedly by members of a dominant OBC group in Kachanatham.. Official letter by UGC for pushing AADHAR is college certificate and mark sheets.. The Global Ambitions of Indias HugLoving Leader [Bloombergs report]. Over 4 Lakh Indians May Have To Wait 151 Years For Green Card Report. Ripple Exec Weighs in on RBIs CryptoBan Predicts It Will Be Reversed Soon. Indians with advanced degree may have to wait 151 years for green card says report. Modi govt wants IITs to tone down their entrance exam for engineers. Are Indians Ready for Development Answer Lies in Bumpy Ride on PlunderPlagued Eastern Peripheral Expressway. Cryptocurrency Trading was Illegally Banned by Indias Central Bank No Answers Yet. Seven decades of conflict: The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights released a report on the situation of serious human rights violation in Kashmir. The protests against the killing of the civilians by the Indian armed forces were of large scale. The 49page report called out for attention and immediate reforms underscoring the excessive use of force by Indian security forces. The representatives of both the governments i.e. India and Pakistan had contrasting narratives to tell. Resultant the High Commissioner for Human Rights requested for an unconditional access to assess the situation in Kashmir. However India rejected this plea and Pakistan did too. So the United Nations resorted to undertake remote monitoring. According to the report in 2016unrest the pelletfiring shotgun was used which is a 12gauge pumpaction shotgun that fires metal pellets. Not only this but several other violations have been found with documented evidence of rights abuses including kidnappings killings of civilians and sexual violence. The Official Spokesperson of the Ministry of External Affairs of India Mr Raveesh Kumar called the report mischievous misleading and unacceptable claiming that the individual prejudices contaminated the report in a way that undermined the credibility of a UN institution. India rejects the report. It is fallacious tendentious and motivated. added Mr Raveesh Kumar. In spite of special laws like the Armed Forces Jammu and Kashmir Special Powers Act 1990 AFSPA and the Jammu and Kashmir Public Safety Act 1978 PSA for Jammu and Kashmir the lack of access to justice are key human rights challenges that continue to plague the country. Turns out these special laws are engineered in such a manner which obstructs the normal course of law. The turmoil is sociopolitical in nature and thus creates many repercussions on both the economies. The basic services like those of health and education and frequent communication blockades. A finding by an NGO says that locals who stood up for themselves were targeted and had been imprisoned under Pakistans AntiTerrorism Act 1997 in Gilgit Baltistan. The question of funding these terrorist activities was also raised and the report revealed that experts believe that Pakistans military continues to support their operations across the LoC in IndianAdministered Kashmir. The blatant accusations reflect on the intricacies of law and order in the ultrasensitive region of Jammu and Kashmir and for this reason the Committee recommended that the restrictions on the investigation of complaints which is subject to a oneyear statute should be removed. Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti reported in the state assembly on 23 January 2018 that 172 people had been killed since 2016 105 in law and order problems 85 in 2016 and 20 in 2017 and 67 people in militancy related incidents 19 in 2016 and 48 in 2017. The Committee admitted about the sensitive area of political background they were digging in calling for action and recommended and concluded by calling for action. The MEA called it a selective compilation of largely unverified information and stressed on how the authors missed out on the crossborder terror conflicts which aim at disrupting the social and political fabric of the nation emanating from Pakistan. What we need to realise is the reframing of constitutional structures and initiating legal reforms to ensure the absolute enjoyment of human rights. The people of Kashmir have faced and still are facing seven long decades of conflict. The political institutions involved should bear in mind that it is them and us as citizens who should be committed to ending these tyrannical cycles of violence. It is high time we try to push down our differences and unite for the sake of humanity.. Murder most foul polluted Indian river reported dead despite living entity status World news. India on brink of worst water crisis. Narendra Modi Digital India initiatives have created 3 lakh jobs empowered citizens. View With Make in India India also needs a Trade with India programme. Modi government to roll out uniform Value Education for schools in 201920 session. indian economy India has just a decade to become a developed nation SBI study. Watchdog Calls on India to Probe Kashmir Reporters Death. The petitioners behind the Supreme Court Aadhar cases are drafting a Data Privacy Bill and need our support. More info within. xpost from /r/antiaadhar: The petitioners have come up with 7 unique principles based upon which the data privacy bill has been drafted. You can read this list of principles here https//saveourprivacy.in/principles The draft of the Data Privacy Bill can be found in its entirety here https//saveourprivacy.in/bill. They are open to feedback and suggestions so if you have any reach out to them via contactsaveourprivacy.in. I urge everyone to take a few minutes of their time and read the principles link and if you agree show support for this cause through this page https//saveourprivacy.in/individuals/pledge EUs GPDR was a big positive step that changed the course of tech industry for the better of its users. India needs such a law just as much if not more since education and awareness about privacy and surveillance and big brother state is lacking. A strong law is needed to protect our citizens on the internet just as we need laws that ensure safety on the ground. . How many years of growth will it take for out economy to become as significant as China. U.N. rights office report on Kashmir violates Indias sovereignty MEA. Secrets revealed. UN calls for international probe into Kashmir rights violations. Debate on economy turns into a political slugfest between Jaitley and Surjewala. India vs Afghanistan Day 1 Report. Good debate about the consequences of the UN Kashmir report. Includes speculations on its political motivation.. Delhi terms UN report on Kashmir human rights as fallacious amp motivated. U.N. says Indias excessive force caused unlawful killings in Kashmir in firstever report on region. Firstever UN human rights report on Kashmir calls for international inquiry into multiple violations. Low recoveries of NPAs RBI data. Figures provided by RBI Governor Urjit Patel before parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance show writeoffs mainly account for a 150960 crore cut.. As Corruption Returns Bihars Economy Has Begun Its Descent into Chaos. Again.. India discusses Oil Buyers Club with China seeks US crude to counter OPEC. PhD mandatory for direct recruitment of college teachers from 2021 says HRD ministry. Publication of research in academic journals too is no longer a criterion for promotion. Downfall. Reserve Bank of India RBI to allow crypto trading in India with conditions. Indias central bank admits it banned cryptocurrencies without ever researching them.. RBI Accepts No Research Was Involved in Issuing Circular Denying Banking Services to Crypto Businesses. UPSC exam no more compulsory to become an IAS officer. BloombergQuint TV Maker Blames Indias Modi Court and Brazil for Bad Debt Pile.: BloombergQuint TV Maker Blames Indias Modi Court and Brazil for Bad Debt Pile. https//www.bloombergquint.com/markets/2018/06/12/modibrazilandcourtresponsibleforindiatvmakersbaddebt. Decentralizing India using Blockchain Tech My Thoughts. [NP] I got a SIM card without Aadhar: I didnt expect this tbh. A lot of my friends/colleagues had informed me that almost all vendors are insisting on Adhaar as the only proof. Regardless I wanted a Vodafone SIM because getting fucked by Airtel alone wasnt enough I want to have it from Vodafone as well. Walked into the store told them I want a SIM. They said I need to give my Aadhar number. Told them I havent enrolled for Aadhar and am willing to give my drivers license as identity proof. They went to consult with their seniors came back in a minute and said its fine. Yay. PS I have an Aadhar but didnt want to give it to them coz why not lel.. Why education cess should be levied separately for govt sponsored programs on working class: [removed]. Why education cess is levied for govt sponsored programs on the working class: [removed]. Government to launch Rs 500crore credit enhancement fund. PNB Syndicate Bank and 4 other staterun banks could come under PCA Report. My card is my card its none of your card. Brilliant counter Indian jugadupan. Has anyone gone to/dealt with the consumer forum in recent years: Ive never been and in 2008 my grandfather had filed a case that was resolved very professionally. Since then Ive never heard of the system being used and wondered if it has maintained validity/deteriorated/disappeared. Have Sustained Efforts To Improve Delhi Government Schools By AAP Borne Fruit. Report Describes Dubai Real Estate as MoneyLaundering Haven. Brazilians Not So Soccer Mad After All Report Suggests. Donald Trump accuses India of charging 100 tariff says trade might stop. Reports India on track to overshoot 2022 green power targets. SBI recorded highest NPAs in 201718 RTI Nagaland Post. 8. Gross NPAs have risen from Rs 263015 crore to Rs 1030000 crore and will rise more. The banking system is practically bankrupt. I have not come across a banker who will willingly sanction a loan nor an investor who will confidently borrow money.. RBI Monetary policy Why rate hike was a necessity this time. Borderless worlds: [https//medium.com/tales\of\tier\2\cities/borderless\worlds\4436bb42e0ea]https//medium.com/talesoftier2cities/borderlessworlds4436bb42e0ea Where I argue that the march of our history as a species is towards a single global government with borderless travel.. Why Indias Surprise Rate Hike May Lead To The Next Emerging Market Crisis. While attacking Cobrapost on Operation 136 Editors Guilds president Shekhar Gupta ignored breach of his own code of ethics Janta Ka Reporter 2.0. Violence Cost Indian Economy Over 1 Trillion in PPP Terms Last Year Says Report. Shashi Tharoor is the victim of a flawed law. Sharma Committee Findings On Ranjit Sinha Registers Raise Questions About Influence Of Corporates Such As Reliance ADAG And Essar On CBI Inquiries Into Coal Scam 2G Scam And Radia Tapes. Man electrocuted while listening to music when his phone was charging. Is this true The report seems legit.. Noida engineer had two wives owned 5 cars including Jaguar 25 properties Janta Ka Reporter 2.0. Running business in India should be fun just take care of 50 deadlines a year. Telangana Minister conveys all provisions of the NFS Act: [removed]. Graduation Degree required for Unemployment Allowance: [removed]. The Deletion of 2.75 crore Ration Cards A bit too much: [removed]. Only 2 lakhs registered under Aarogya Karnataka Scheme in 3 months: [removed]. Rajasthan not a Bimaru State anymore Digital all the way: [removed]. Kerala Ration Card holders can avail the Portability Scheme: [removed]. Is the world getting better or worse A look at the numbers Steven Pinker. Acquiring a smart ration card online an absolute hassle for Chennai residents: [removed]. Indias richest man Mukesh Ambani has kept his salary unchanged for the 10th consecutive year. Mr ambanis decision shows his desire to continue to set a personal example for moderation in managerial compensation levels.. Voters angst about the economy is at its highest since Modi took over as PM. No Ration Card led to the death of a Jharkhand woman by starvation: [removed]. Aadhaar update history now available online heres how to download it. India Seeks Facebooks Response Over Reports of Data Sharing Without Consent. Modi vowed to eliminate disposable plastics after 4 years and promised to make 100 spots in India no waste. India Remonetized. Indias central bank thinks growth is good enough to fend off inflation. New Coaches of Rajdhani Sampark Kranti Trains go Missing Reports Indian Railways. A series on what happens in India: [removed]. Biggest outflow of foreign institutional money in 10 years. Aadhar keeps your date super safe. Simultaneous elections Uttar Pradesh committee approves idea to submit report to Centre Elections to state Assemblies whose terms expire before 2021 could be held along with the 2019 Lok Sabha polls a panel proposed.. Apex court gives the nod for reservation in promotion in govt. jobs for SC/ST staff. Delhi Drinking Age Could Be Lowered. Dengue spreads tentacles nine fresh cases reported. Five of the worlds top 10 solar parks are coming up in India says report. A welfare scheme for 500 mn Indians Is this Modis big plan for 2019. Indias forest cover stood at 21.34 in 2015 report. Why India is ignoring US sanctions and sticking with Iran. Unfathomable flaws with Andhra Pradeshs Ration Cards: [removed]. Indian Railways Revised Ticket Refund Rules Everything You Need To Know. Download Ration Card Online. Mona Townships. Is Monday the Worst Day of the Week 12 Reasons. Nitish Kumar face of NDA in Bihar says JDU leader after core committee meeting. Whats driving the GDP revival. Whats driving the GDP revival: http//www.thehindu.com/business/Economy/whatsdrivingthegdprevival/article24073264.ece. Reports claim that Ronaldo and Verratti are on the move. Cant share information on social media Madhya Pradesh DEO to teachers. To Evade RBIs Ban On Cryptocurrencies Exchanges Keen To Run Operations Abroad. LMES team did an independent analysis of pollutants in Tuticorin and published their report: LMES Lets Make Engineering Simple for those of you who havent come across them they are a Youtube channel where they create videos about a lot of educational concepts mostly in science and math. They released a [video yesterday in Tamil] https//www.youtube.com/watchvZqG90jzu2QEampfeatureyoutu.be explaining that their team travelled to Tuticorin and collected samples from various parts of the town and near the industries sent them to a lab in Bangalore to perform tests and they have published the results in their website. He explained in the videos that most of the pollutant contents are way above permissible limits and the fact the court can not do anything about it is because until now for 20 years there are no data available for level of pollutants in other words no one have maintained a record for those pollutant contents. https//www.lmes.in/sterlite/ Reports https//www.lmes.in/sterlite/airtest.pdf https//www.lmes.in/sterlite/test1n2.pdf . AntiSterlite stir funded by global agencies Report. Gadkari blames global economy excess output for agri crisis. Delhi Inmates of deaddiction centres sexually assaulted suggests report. Please help draft the National Digital Communications Policy of 2018. AliExpress customs fee for mobile phones.: Have any of you bought a mobile phone through AliExpress in India If yes how much customs did you pay and were there any complications. The Ghettoisation of Indian Education. Can economists of r/India or at least anyone who is well read on the Indian economy help me get a clear Idea on what is fake news and what isnt among the various articles comparing NDA and UPA employment statsI have given them below: http//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/robustjobgrowthnotfakenewsnarendramodieconomydemonetisationgstinflation5154381/ This article I had read a month when it was released and I didnt really question the data presented.it seemed convincing enough at that time and I was happy to see positive news on it However the dubious nature of the stats were revealed to me in the following thread.mostly for the Modi government numbers https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/8nobj0/indiaspercapitaincomegrowsby86tors113000/dzxe8zc [Specific]https//www.cmie.com/kommon/bin/sr.phpkallwarticleampdt2018050120094024ampmsec436 [articles]http//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/pmnarendramodiindiajobgrowthunemploymentrateeconomydemonetisationbjp5157708/ However I still havent gotten an explanation for the following part of the aforementioned articleby Bhalla gtIt appears likely that 15 million jobs were created in 2017 not much different from the Vajpayee average of five years. Between 19992004 11 million jobs were created each year weekly status definition of employment closest to the daily status CMIE definition the usual status definition gives an increase of more than 12 million a year. For reasons unknown but deserving investigation the UPAI and II era 2004 through 2011 reveal an employment gain of less than 4 million a year Where is he getting this informationI.e 11 million per year for NDA vs 4 million per year for UPA from and is there any validity to this claim Theres another comparison thats thrown around a lot. That is the job creation was 60 million during the entirety of NDAVajpayee vs 2.7 million of UPA 1 which is sort of debunked in the following article http//www.thehindu.com/opinion/oped/TheUPAE28099srealgrowthstory/article16900252.ece gtContrary to Mr. Gurumurthys claims robust economic activity during 20042009 also resulted in significant job creation in the organised sector. His claim that 60 million jobs were generated during NDA1 but only 2.7 million during UPA1 is misleading. The 60 million figure is based on the National Sample Survey Organisation NSSO data where some sample households are asked if they are employed or not. Notice there is a subtle but important difference in terminology used by the NSSO surveys and Mr. Gurumurthys position employment versus jobs. According to the NSSO survey there was an increase in employment of 60 million people during NDA1. It turns out that a significant part of this increase was actually people claiming to be employed in agriculture. Now that is not the same as generating new jobs is it So theres an explanation for the 60 million joba claim of the NDA Vajpayee government but where is the number for the UPA2.7 million coming from The reason I am asking is because if it was the same kind of survey used by the NDA to arrive at the 60 million number then wouldnt it have shown a similar number for the UPA as well. Was this a different survey with different methodologies Is it fake news or is it legit. Just hear them. Indian Commodity Advice For Crude Oil Base Metals and Bullion.. Modi gets ceremonial welcome in Singapore discusses bilateral ties. Windies beat ICC World XI by 72 runs Match Report. Sharp drop in smoking tobacco in India says WHO report. Elon Musk about Tesla in India and why he cant visit the country. PM Modis Most HighProfile Asset Sale Flops As No Buyers For Air India. Indian economy expands 7.7 in Q4. Paid advance of 3.5 L for a supplier in IndiaMart and is pushing the date of delivery. And I have found this webpage which seem to be reporting IndiaMart as to be a scam site with many reviews. Be careful say everyone to not get scammed by this site.. India amp Iran drop dollar in oil trade to bypass US sanctions report. Petrol prices slashed by 1 Paisa.. Procedural issues galore as GST refund claims pile up with Modi govt: [removed]. Asias Lonely Hearts Less and less women decide to get married The Economist. Indian Oil faux pas Petrol diesel prices cut by 1 paisa not 60 paise. If you thought a 60p cut was bad.. Why Gst on Sanitary Pads in India We have the answer. Sexual violence is holding back the rise of Indias economy Times of India. Indias government wants to set up a New Media Command Room to monitor citizens social media accounts and inculcate nationalism in the masses.. RBI discovers additional Rs 46000 crore bad loans at Indias 5 biggest PSU banks. Is RBI still counting demonetised currency notes: There hasnt been any update on this from RBI.. NDTV on Twitter Centre RSS meet may look at Air India stake sale fuel price rise. At 18 Indian customers biggest victims of banking fraud FIS study. How Bangalore Became the Outsourcing Capital of the World: On New Years Eve of 2000 as the world was preparing for the party of a millennium a small army of programmers in the Indian city of Bangalore were feverishly debugging software in anticipation of the Y2K bug. At the time India was a minor player in the global software ecosystem. Today India exports 55 billion a year of software services and 57 billion through business process outsourcing. Walmart just purchased Flipkart and Indian ecommerce company for 16 billion and India is expected to have over 5 million programmers in 2019. Todays podcast episode is about the rapid growth of Indias software industry. In particular I will be focusing on the city of Bangalore and why the software industry grew so fast in this country. The podcast episode will focus on the concentration of human capital in Bangalore from the colonial era to the modern era. The Wodeyar Rajas of the Kingdom of Mysore decision to encourage higher education and the foundation of universities the socialist government of Jawaharlal Nehru concentration of state investments in aerospace and defense in Bangalore led to the concentration of Indias best and brightest in Bangalore. Moreover a system of private forprofit schools has emerged around Bangalore and other regions in southern India. It is admittedly a deeply flawed system that emerged from caste competition and is closely tied to corrupt politicians and produces a vast number of barely qualified programmers but also vital to the growth of Indias software industry. The closed nature of the Fabian socialist development model preferred in Indias early independence period obscured the steady accumulation of human capital in Bangalore. From the 1980s onwards the Indian government steadily relaxed controls on the software industry and the major opening of the Indian economy in the 1990s led to exponential growth in Bangalores software industry. This growth was facilitated by Indias highly educated diaspora massive external demand for Indian software service exports and the growing role of foreign investment and expertise. https//wealthofnationspodcast.com/1462/ http//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/IndiaBangalore.mp3. File your income tax returns and keep these dos and donts in mind. The TV show exposing the misery of Indias 24hour train delays News presenter Ravish Kumar is using his programme to fight for the millions of people who miss exams job interviews and funerals because of Indias hopelessly inadequate rail system. Day 1 of Eastern Peripheral Expressway 50000 fewer trucks in Delhi. The JanDhan Yojana four years later. India ranks 177 out of 180 in Environmental Performance Index. Oil ministry gives nod to petrol diesel futures. BBC on Cobraposts OP 136 The story barely reported by Indian media. The story barely reported by Indian media. The story barely reported by Indian media. The story barely reported by Indian media. At current rates Bangladesh could top Indias per capita income by 2020. Why we did not report cobrapost sting. From readers editor of THE HINDU.. Govt looks to stick it out as global crude oil prices lose steam: Govt looks to stick it out as global crude oil prices lose steam https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/govtlookstostickitoutasglobalcrudeoilpriceslosesteam/articleshow/64346932.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother. A story comparing India before and noe: When my grandfather was young in the 1950s India didnt have the money to import fuel. We as a nation could not afford petrol. Tiny quantities were imported and rationed out four gallons per month per vehicle owner. It was bad enough that within a decade almost everyone had sold their car. Only the super rich would have their own car and fuel by bribing officials for extra rations. Other basic necessities like telephones refrigerators even electricity were rare. Due to stupid socialist policies youd have to wait 5 years for the government to provide you with a landline phone. In 1979 my grandparents visited the US and saw a microwave being demonstrated at a store they were shocked because getting food heated in 60 seconds was basically magic to them. People in India were almost entirely uneducated had no electricity or received it for a few hours per day were subjected to famines every few years malnutritioned you get the point. There was even a time when Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri asked healthier people to skip dinner so that those starving would have something to eat. My mom had a cook who had never been to school because his parents didnt think being literate was important. He worked for my family before I was born for about 500 Rupees a month back then it was like 15. Yeah seriously thats how poor and desperate people were. Now 2017. Just a few weeks ago my domestic help came to me with a smartphone and asked for a little help setting up WhatsApp and Facebook. Another domestic help has a son who just graduated from college. He wants to do his MBA and get a good job. If he succeeds hell earn about Rs. 60000 1000 per month what his mom earns in 5 months. What his grandfather used to earn in 2 years. Everyone has a smartphone. Bus drivers auto rickshaw drivers sweepers cigarette vendors vegetable delivery guys those who were always seen as poor and marginalised now have education basic necessities food in their belly and a roof over their heads. People who had not been able to read the numbers on a currency note 20 years ago are now paying income tax. The other day my dad was stopped by the traffic police for talking on the phone while driving. Before he opened his mouth they had whipped out a credit card reader to collect the fine. Until a few years ago the same policemen would have forced a bribe out of any offender because they were underpaid and forced to be corrupt. Looks like the corrupt cop stereotype is soon coming to an end. We have metro lines air conditioned trains wellbuilt national highways and hundreds of airports. Even in 2005 when I saw Singapores metro system I was stunned at its efficiency today taking the Mumbai metro is a mundane part of my commute. My neighbour has a Harley Davidson something most Indians didnt know existed till the 2000s. Yes we have a long way to go. Villages still suffer from power cuts water problems sanitation issues open defecation. But we are so much better than we were just a few decades ago. Yes poverty is visibly reducing in India.. How IITs Turned From Nehrus Vision of Technology To Catering Engineers for MNCs. Inequality in India can be seen from outer space. Three Tests involving India were fixed claims a report. Satellites at Night Can Understand Regionwise Economic Condition of India. See How. Not even Rs 1 Lakh Crore NPA resolved and 26 banks are sitting on whopping Rs 7.3 Lakh crore bad loan volcano. Who is Pushp Sharma the Cobrapost sting reporter and is he a compromised journalist: Pushp Sharma an investigative journalist in the truest sense of the term has been a pain in the ass of the establishment since his Tehelka days. Here is his [complete biography on Cobrapost website]https//www.cobrapost.com/blog/Whoispushpsharma/1030 where he also talks about the false cases filed against him which the TOI editorial referred to for [characterassassinating Sharma]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/cobrapostsstingonmediagroupsbasedondoctoredcontentandfalsification/articleshow/64335830.cmsfrommdr. gtI am an alumnus of N.S. Raghavan Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning IIM Bangalore and a senior incubate member of the institution. As a technocrat I am associated with some of the top ten gaming MNCs and have developed personalized Flight Simulation Nullifier for aviation industry and an AntiDrowsy Alert Gadget for automobile industry. gtInvestigative journalism has always been a passion with me and in the pursuit of this passion I have had the occasion of working with Tehelka and Headlines Today. In the course of my career as a journalist I have received both encomiums and brickbats in equal measure. gtAward I have received. gtI have been a recipient of the International Press Institute Award Vienna for Excellence in Journalism in year 2011 for my story Rent a Riot which I had done a year before. Published by Tehelka the story exposed Pramod Muthalik the leader of rightwing outfit Sri Ram Sene ready to vandalize an art exhibition for money. gtOther landmarks in my career as an investigative journalist gtRTI Expose vs Ayush Ministry March 15 2016 Outlook When Pushp Comes To RTI Shove 28 March 2016 https//www.outlookindia.com/magazine/story/whenpushpcomestortishove/296860. This story documented how the Union Ministry of Ayush has adopted an unconstitutional NoHiringofMuslims policy embarrassing the Modi government across the world. gtOperation Vakalatnama published by Cobrapost September 2 2013. The story exposed senior BJP leaders conspiring to help Amit Shah evade the noose in the Tulsi Ram Prajapati fake encounter case by getting Narmada Bai Tulsi Rams mother sign on blank vakalatnamas. gtOutlook 15 October 2012 If the Pose Holds An OutlookIBN investigation showing policemen and others spilling the beans on the shoddy investigation into the disappearance of Swami Shankardev Baba Ramdevs guru https//www.outlookindia.com/magazine/story/iftheposeholds/282475 . Government orders a CBI inquest into the affair CBI case No. RC 2S/2013. gtTehelka 2010 Rent a Riot Cash for Chaos http//www.tehelka.com/2010/05/rentariotcashforchaos/ . Published by Tehelka this story exposed Pramod Muthalik ready to vandalize an art exhibition for money. gtShooting the messenger gtAs it often happens when your stories hurt certain interests or powerful individuals it is you who are either hounded or witchhunted both by the establishment and by the media at large. I am no exception to this phenomenon. For instance the Ayush Ministry went hammer and tongs after me when the RTI story was published by filing a false case against me. The IO alleged in the court that the laptop used to create forged documents for the story by the accused that is me was confiscated from me. However this claim fell flat when an FSL report stated that no such document was retrieved from the laptop. The case is still pending. gtSimilarly Yoga Guru went berserk when my story on the alleged botching up of the investigation by the police into the disappearance of his guru was published. He launched a well orchestrated vilification campaign against me by holding press conferences. He had to relent when the CBI probe was ordered. gtPramod Muthalik and his followers too went after me by filing cases 27 districts across Karnataka after Rent a Riot was published. However the Honble High Court of Karnataka has quashed the cases. gtAgain a false case was filed against me after yet another investigation that I had done on the SHO of Najafgarh Police Station alleging that I had extorted Rs. 10000 from a constable. However the sole witness that was produced before the court turned out to be a police informer. The case is still pending for the past 9 years. gtAnyway these are hazards of the profession that I made my first choice. Pushp Sharma. Total income of 32 regional parties Rs 321 crore in 201617 Samajwadi Party richest ADR report. These 32 regional parties declared a total expenditure of Rs 435.48 crore during 201617 the Association for Democratic Reforms ADR said in a report.. AIADMK DMK among top 3 regional spenders. Election Commission reports show parties spent more than their income. The Narendra Modi lexicon updated list. Indian economy gets more formal in four years of Modi government. Every Breath You Take The Aadhar Remix by UIDAI Chopra. An average Karnataka MLA has become 3 times wealthier in 10 years reveals ADR report. AIADMK DMK among top 3 regional spenders. Election Commission reports show parties spent more than their income. I Dont Bless The Rains Down In Punjab [Policy]: Starting from June seasonal winds running across the Arabian ocean will deposit a massive amount of rain across South Asia. The monsoon is vital to over a billion people in the region. 60 of Indias farmers are almost entirely dependent upon the monsoon rains and almost everyone is indirectly dependent on the rains. Although the 2018 monsoon is expected to be average to above average in most of India that is not the case in Punjab where rainfall is expected to be 30 below average. As I discussed in the previous podcast on Punjab the region is dependent on an electricity and water intensive model of agricultural development focused on the production of rice paddy. A poor monsoon will likely mean digging deeper tube wells that require more electricity further straining the states stretched resources. Starting from June seasonal winds running across the Arabian ocean will deposit a massive amount of rain across South Asia. The monsoon is vital to over a billion people in the region. 60 of Indias farmers are almost entirely dependent upon the monsoon rains and almost everyone is indirectly dependent on the rains. Although the 2018 monsoon is expected to be average to above average in most of India that is not the case in Punjab where rainfall is expected to be 30 below average. As I discussed in the previous podcast on Punjab the region is dependent on an electricity and water intensive model of agricultural development focused on the production of rice paddy. A poor monsoon will likely mean digging deeper tube wells that require more electricity further straining the states stretched resources. This podcast is a rerelease of the previous episode recorded on the economic history of Punjab focusing on how a colonial policy of recruiting Punjabis for the military and concomitant need to keep the soldiers happy resulted in massive investments in agriculture. This policy continued through the postindependence period where the government of India subsidized electricity access to water fertilizer and maintained high agricultural support prices to create a green revolution in the region. However over the past 25 years the state has been among the slowest growing in India as the state as the focus on agriculture has made it difficult to transition into an economy based on modern services and industry. http//media.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/s/content.blubrry.com/wealthofnationspodcast/PunjabPathDependency.mp3 www.wealthofnationspodcast.com . Scientists Report 40 Reduction in Forest Cover Government Claims Otherwise The Wire. RBI admits that loan frauds under Modi Government are three times higher then UPA II: RBI admits that loan frauds under Modi Government are three times higher then UPA II https//www.nationalheraldindia.com/amp/story/india2Frbiadmitsloanfraudsundermodigovtthreetimeshigherthanupaii. Bad debt provisions push IDBI BoB deeper into red: Bad debt provisions push IDBI BoB deeper into red https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/baddebtprovisionspushidbibobdeeperintored/articleshow/64325789.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother. Militancy declines by over 50 in Assam Report. Why is everyone OK with Paytm asking to link Aadhar: I havent seen any social media backlash prior to todays Cobrapost story regarding why people are ok with this Aadhar link. Would people be ok to show their aadhar when the local grocery store demanded it The gym you go to . DeepikaRanveer getting married on November 19 say reports. Can anyone help me find a link to an official document indicating why Yettinahole was exempt from an EIA/ EC: Please let me know of anything you know of/find. . India become 6th wealthiest Country in the world with the total wealth of US 8230 billion. Digital India India to have 700 digital villages by the yearend. Power supply cut in 20 villages in Madhya Pradesh for Rajnath Singhs chopper to land Report. The connection was restored almost 12 hours later at 3 am on Sunday after locals protested.. Tenders worth Rs 13000 crore withdrawn or cancelled to promote Make in India products. FuelChallenge. Narendra Modi Four years of Modi government Investors made little money stare at gloom. India considering 18 GST on crypto trading. How the Delhi Zoo Buried the Deaths of Over 50 Animals in Its Inventory Report. Rohingya Militants Massacred Civilians in Myanmar Amnesty Report. Any cut in fuel price will be at the cost of welfare schemes says Nitin Gadkari. Hmm. BIMSTEC and PeopletoPeople Connectivity. SBI to hire 10300 employees this year as workforce reduced by 15700 in FY18. AntiSterlite protests LIVE Fresh violence reported death toll mounts to 12. Save us from Cancer Support us to REMOVE VEDANTA STERLITE from Thoothukudi. Aadhar STREANH. Fuel price hike Govt to find a way out says Union minister Shiv Pratab Shukla. The interest rate on PPF has reduced 1.1 since 2014. Source Wikipedia. In this video Rabi Kant Bharti explains the conditions when a nation can be considered a great nation. India does not meet these conditions but it can with a small but effective government.. Ravindra Jadejas Wife Riva Solanki Attacked by Police Constable in Jamnagar Say Reports. How Tamil Nadu Officials Made Up A Report To Aid Illegal SandMining Prepared in four days report concluded no illegal mining was taking place along Tamil Nadus coast.. What India can learn from failure of Malaysias GST. Dehradun Escorts Agency 8052373860 offer Top Class Escort Services: [removed]. DESIGN OF FAST TRANSIENT RESPONSE LOW DROPOUT REGULATOR WITH ENHANCED STEADY STATE CHARACTERISTICS ON THE BASIS OF PID CONTROL: [removed]. Kathua Rape Accuseds Signatures Dont Match Exam Attendance Sheet Forensic Report. WHATS INSIDE JAMUNA FUTURE PARK LARGEST SHOPPING MALL IN BANGLADESH HD . Why do Cases Involving Male Victims of Rape go unreported in India. [please help]dear Indian Android devsHow can create an uidaiAadhar verification app: basically i want to verify https//uidai.gov.in/ aadhar number and match correct namegender and reject one gender automatically. then create a profile.. i want to do it via thunkable can you please help me Thank you . Petrol diesel touch all time highs as oil companies hike rates. Petrol price compared with income. Karnataka Reports claim Yeddyurappa may resign before crucial floor test. BSYeddyurappa reportedly decides to resign as he fails to get numbers to prove majority. Yeddyurappa prepares 13page speech plans to quit like Vajpayee.: Source [News9]https//twitter.com/NEWS9TWEETS/status/997756885351645185. Hindi is our national language amp all us Indians should be able to do communication in Hindi. So the Hindi Committee meet was held at Munnar in Kerala to promote Hindi Anant Geete Minister of Heavy Industries amp Public Enterprises Govt of India.. 2 million people in 3 states denied ration due to Aadhaar issues Report. When comparing economies pair India with Indonesia not China. Discrimination kills 230000 girls under five in India each year study shows Neglect to blame for skewed mortality rates says Lancet report that urges looking beyond prenatal sex selection at deaths from inequality of education and health. The biggest Illiterate is the Political Illiterate. Up To Rs. 4.6/Litre Hike In Petrol Diesel Prices Likely Says Brokerage. Average Price Per Square Foot in Tier 1 cities. Equal Opportunity for all Genders: I was walking in my neighbourhood \Bangalore\ this evening and further away along the footpath did I notice 2 proper gentlemen whisk themselves out of their SUV and take a nice big leak on the footpath no dirty wall no dingy alley smack in the middle of the footpath. I felt man do the women have it bad in this country On a serious note I confronted them about it and they responded with an entitled outrage so fierce so justified and wished me the sense to walk on the opposite side and followed up with an attack on the Congress to build toilets I smirked and praised them for their patronage to the Hindutva ideal of Swacch Bharat Reality I dont expect our countrys culture to change and neither our practices or evils. I can only expect do my part.. Indian Standup Now Has A Comedy Vigilante Who Wants To Fight Plagiarism WTF Reportage. In my ideal India and world.: Power is given to people who make sensible public decisions. Money is given to people who work 8 hours everyday in a service of need decided by an accountable government. Fame is given to people who promote the real teaditions philosophy and culture of a country. Market Economy based on Demand and Supply is a curse for a country where most people are ignorant baboons. Jury System was done away in India in 1962 for a reason. Thousands of years ago utopia was an institution called Government. Those who suggested the idea of such institution that cures the unpredictability of a wolf state were probably laughed upon. But these people have now been proved wrong.. Denial of food ration due to Aadhaar significant Report Business Standard News. [NP] Militants recruitment doubled since April 1 police report. Delhi to be most populous city in world by 2028 UN report. Loan waiver Post GST: If a state government is planning to waive the loan how it is being handled after GST. My understanding is that after GST the state has no control over adding new taxes apart from few items which are excluded from GST. In that case how a state can waive loan as big a 1 lakh crore and how and where will it get the funds. India at night 2012 vs 2016. Aurangabad violence Shiv Sena AIMIM MLCs arrested for role in clashes. Shiv Sena corporator Rajendra Janjal reportedly resisted being arrested while Moinuddin Khan surrendered.. Anil Ambani is Bankrupt: I have been waiting for this day for last 2 years. Eventually after fierce opposition from banks to the extent that SBI along with other government banks refused before court to initiate bankruptcy and even paid Rs. 750 crore to DoT which were supposed to be paid by Anil Ambani as annual telecom license fee Ericsson is successful in forcing bankruptcy on Anil. Ericsson might not get any of its 1100 crores back but it has taught crony Indian capitalists a lesson dont mess with MNCs. [RCom is Bankrupt]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20180515/ericssonwinspleatopushanilambanisrcomtobankruptcy. 23 Missing After Boat Capsizes In Godavari River In Andhra Pradesh 17 people have been pulled out of the water reports ANI adding that rescue operations are underway.. Bharatmala will raise debt issues for some Its roads will compete directly with some of the existing toll road projects affecting their toll collection and consequently debt servicing ability. Over 300000 workers to be employed in solar wind energy sectors in India Report. Big move to promote innovation among students 5000 Atal Tinkering labs to be set up by March 2019 across all the districts over 2000 such labs set up till now. Serve in my language customers tell banks: Serve in my language customers tell banks https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/serveinmylanguagecustomerstellbanks/articleshow/64152994.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother The langauge barrier problem is widespread in Public Sector Banks where distant transfers are used as a tool for harassment.. India to clock GDP growth of 7.7 per cent in JanuaryMarch Report. Kerala seeing advanced demographic transition Report. Bengal panchayat polls begin with reports of violence booth capturing. In Bagda of North 24 Parganas district nine goons were caught by villagers stamping ballot papers in a booth a booth in Bodo Khotimali in Cooch Behar district reported 100 polling at 8 am.. Aadhar verified matches Srsly. Meghan Markle Reportedly Dated Porn Star and Dumped Him Over Garlic Breath.. CBI set to charge PNB exMD in Nirav Modi scam today: CBI set to charge PNB exMD in Nirav Modi scam today https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/cbisettochargepnbexmdinniravmodiscamtoday/articleshow/64152259.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother This is an unprecedented move of roping in senior bankers towards accountability.. Aadhar the new USP. New indian railway link between Agartala and Kolkata via Bangladesh.. Indias GDP PPP crossed 10 trillion this year. Congrats everyone. Hopefully our nominal GDP will cross 5 Trillion in next 3 years. India received 69bn remittance in 2017 largest in world Report. Refugee Crisis How Israel Managed To Pull The Plug And What India Can Learn From This. Poverty has dropped significantly in India from 55 in 200506 to 21 in 2016 largely due to the performance the 5 Southern states.. Report Monsanto May Leave India After Losing GMO Cotton Patent. Bad loans push four public sector banks to combined Rs 11729 crore Q4 loss: Bad loans push four public sector banks to combined Rs 11729 crore Q4 loss https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/badloanspushfourpublicsectorbankstocombinedrs11729croreq4loss/articleshow/64136270.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother Bad loans push four public sector banks to combined Rs 11729 crore Q4 loss. The lenders in loss include Dena Bank Canara Bank Allahabad Bank and UCO Bank.. BJP MP Subramanian Swamy pitches for abolition of income tax. Indian Railways To Link All Northeast Capitals By 2020 At A Cost Of Rs 90000 Crore. How to Update Udyog Aadhar Registration. Subramanian Swamy pitches for abolition of income tax. Former Mumbai top cop Himanshu Roy shoots himself dead Report. Top cop Himanshu Roy has reportedly commited suicide.. PM Modis Nepal visit Focus on infrastructure and connectivity but mostly faith. Suresh Prabhu Looking At Operationalisng 56 Airports Ahead Of Time Under UDAN. Sachar Committee researcher claims 20 Muslim voters may be missing from Karnataka rolls. I know we all hate BJP government here but this is welcome newsIndias Disappearing Deficit. Indian defense procurement system is a mess Report. Visa Woes. What simple idea you have for govt to implement or make it a law: I suggest a cap on interest rate to 24amp37pa or 2amp37pm or less with no additional fees by any lender \ private person/banks/finance company etc in the country. Because anything beyond that is opportunistic/exploitation.. Question raised in Indian Parliament IMF Report on Inequality: [removed]. Walmart all set to buy Flipkart.. View RBI should not let India left behind in technologies like blockchain and bitcoins. Nawaz Sharif now faces probe for laundering 4.9 bn to India Reports. India fastest growing economy at 7.4 per cent in 2018 IMF. The Great Indian Blockchain Migration has begun Major players in Indias blockchain ecosystem developers services providers and other companies aremoving bag and baggage to cryptofriendly destinations. Narendra Modis 7 million jobs speech Relying on EPF data alone paints incorrect picture of employment in India. How India should face the energy dilemma with IoT. Army mulls specialized cadre for permanent commission to women.. Here is the link to my second blog post regarding why RERA failed to meet expectations https//casagargupta.blogspot.in/2018/05/rerabattleswonwaryettobewon.htmlm1 . Would love to hear your opinion and comments on same.. CJI decides the judges who will hear the petition challenging rejection of impeachment motion against CJI: [removed]. Illegal immigrants in Assam Could work permits be the answer in Indias North East. With crude hovering above 70 everyone should brace for impact in fuel price hike one elections are completed. AFSPA may be withdrawn from JampK Assam and Nagaland if situation improves centre. Baby Girl Enrolled For Aadhar Within 2 Minutes Of Being Born. Security is a big goal in the new draft national digital communications policy. A good feel post from Balaji on how India is Changing. India ranks 138 in Press Freedom Index PCI rubbishes report. Aadhaar no longer mandatory for Mobile SIMs. Who is antinational Sedition charge against Bastar reporter for Facebook post raises key questions. How to Download eAadhaar Card Online Get Your Aadhar Card at UIDAI. Bill Gates defending Aadhar sanitarypanels. Bill Gates defending Aadhar sanitaypanels. All about PF withdrawal forms News For Public. Game of Thrones goes Balaji Ekta Kapoor to reportedly adapt popular HBO show for ALTBalaji Entertainment News Firstpost. Reliance Jio offers 1.1TB FTTH broadband data in select markets Report. Aadhar Verified Profiles on Shaadi.com UIDAI must be so proud NP. India is doing pretty well on electrification. India tops list of fastest growing economies in the world. Cabinet Approves Plan To Set Up 20 AIIMS Across Country. India to decide whether it loves Oil more or it hates cryptocurrency.. Sterlite copper smelter used unlawful chimneys New report slams TNPCB. If only the politicians and now the people got away from fighting about religion and other stupid stuff.. Aadhar does not pose any privacy issues Bill Gates. NY Times Reporter Gardiner Harris on Rahul Gandhi as Leader. Kapil Sharma Slaps Legal Notice on Journalist Seeks Public Apology amp Rs 100 Crore in Damages. Sharma has claimed that the said journalist allegedly published false malicious fraudulent against him on the digital platform reports PTI.. Mozilla Statement on Recent Reports of Aadhaar Data Being Breached again Open Policy amp Advocacy. railways in India: I am currently waiting for my train at Kanpur station which is 4 hours late so far. I fail to understand how a system on which a great number of people depend for transportation is so inefficient and there are no visible changes. Does India really need bullet trainsticket costs will be very high when the common man struggles to plan his trips Is this another way of saying that you have to be rich to get transportation in this country The toilets are shitty. The elevator is not working. The toilet for the physically challenged is jammed. How can we do things differently Does this require a peoples movement Why isnt any political party standing up for it . Over 23000 bank fraud cases involving 1 lakh crore in 5 years RBI. R K Singh Minister of State Shri RahulGandhi has tweeted a report of India Today which questions the claim of all villages being electrified. It appears neither the reporter nor Shri Gandhi cared to cross check the facts. We have cross checked the facts from the states. In a first renewables surpass conventional energy sources in capacity addition in FY18. Amazon offers to buy 60 stake in Flipkart Report. Amazon Offers To Buy 60 Stake In Flipkart Report. EPFO Aadhar data leaked. Exclusive India rejects U.S. request on price caps on medical devices sources. Telangana Residents Repair Road Name It After KT Rama Rao Ivanka Trump. For 30 Anyone Can Add Or Edit Entries In Indias Creepy National Biometric ID Database This Report Says. Truth of the 100 Electrification claim.. I wrote a piece defending extremism: [removed]. The myth of 15 million jobs The Indian Express. Report Tax collection up by Rs. 1.5 lakh crore. After over 70 years of Independence India completes electrification of all of its villages.. Cashback and discount Modi govts mega plan to boost digital transactions. After over 70 years of Independence India completes electrification of all of its villages. Tripura Chief Minister Reportedly Summoned By PM Over OffHand Comments. Stock Fever Grips India as Millions of New Investors Pile In. India Govt Dept of Telecom under Union Minister rsprasad tried to delete the DoT order on Aadhaar. Thanks to wayback machine one can still access it.: [removed]. Andhra Pradesh government shuts down 3 sites for data leak. Dalmia group adopts Red Fort PM Modi preparing to mortgage Indias heritage to corporates alleges Congress.. IDBI Bank 15 bankers named in Indias latest loan fraud. Saudi Aramcos Rs 3trillion India project Will political agitation kill yet another big venture. Rajasthan Royals vs Sunrisers Hyderabad Pitch report and statistical preview. SIM card sellers can misuse your Aadhaar biometrics. Beware SIM card sellers can misuse your Aadhaar biometrics The .... Delhi govt to set up Rogi Kalyan Samiti in every Assembly constituency. To provide support to the health institutions in the national capital Delhi govt will set up Rogi Kalyan Samitis in each Assembly constituency amp Jan Swasthaya Samitis in staterun dispensaries poly clinics amp mohalla clinics. Heard of Sita Navami Sita gets own temple in Bihar a public holiday too. [Unpopular Opinion] India should join Chinas Belt and Road Initiative. India will become a superpower Pres Kovind. Sales fall as people in metros start ditching cars Times of India. Kudos Narendra Modi India set to meet village electrification target but the job has just begun. Dalmia Bharat Group adopts Red Fort No profit taking activity will take place says the government. Modern Education Failed Society Need Vedic Learning for Future Generation Says Javadekar Promises New Policy Soon News18. GST compliance gets better but far from desired level FY18 collections at Rs 7.41 lakh cr. 15 Million Jobs Created In India In 2017. Easing the burden No filing of returns in new GST model. CISF to guard UIDAI data centre at Manesar. Is the IndoJapan rail project a boondoggle The Japan Times Opinion. Robust Job Growth Not Fake News. Child victims of rape need certain not brutal justice. Trump Is Driving Xi Into Modis Arms. Aadhaar card not enough to perform a marriage. CSK vs MI Pitch report and statistical preview. Venus transit over Gemini amp India. The jobs threat from automation may be exaggerated World Bank. National Portal of India. Delhis OddEven Scheme Led to Hike in Emissions Not Drop Study. Eight terrifying things we found about pesticide regulation and use in India. Should India implement a fine law to tackle littering: Just thought of it and seemed like a good idea what do you think. Lokniti Foundation Behinds Centres AadhaarMobile Linking Policy Is A PetrolPump Owner A Serving Cop And A Retired CBI Officer. Robust job growth not fake news. India Jobs EPFO Payroll What The Employee Provident Fund Data Tells Us. China and India are trying to get along better.. Centre to make sexual assault of boys under age of 12 punishable by death penalty. Government opposes people favour linking Aadhaar to voter ID. Is India Giving Up an Opportunity to Be on a Central Stage of a Virtual Currency Revolution. High security registration plates to be mandatory from January 1 2019. [Weekly Geopolitics and GeoEconomics Thread] Randians lets discuss any news happening related to this subject : [removed]. Women in India make onaverage 16 per cent less than men Report. Shah Jahans iconic Red Fort in Delhi is now Dalmia Bharat groups Red Fort. Indias Blind Faith in DNA and Aadhaar Profiling Will Lead to No Good The Wire. Asias balance of power has become fairly lopsided The tough words that accompanied last years Dokalam standoff are no longer heard in the halls of power in New Delhi. GST demonetisation brought 1.8 mn more people into IT net India. I am not a senior citizen nor have i given up subsidy involuntarily removel ofsubsidy: [deleted]. Amitabh Kant of Niti Aayog is doing a live QA session on facebook. Lets ask him some pertinent questions: Amitabh Kant of Niti Aayog is doing a live QA session on facebook. Lets ask him some pertinent questions . will not post direct link as it is on fb . No reason to use Voda for call purpose: In this era of free calls and all why is base rate of 1/minute justifiable. I at this point actually hate anyone who doesnt have Jio as it would allow for me to have Jio to Jio free calls without any packs. Drop your views. . India nears power success but millions are still in the dark. DD vs KKR Pitch report and statistical preview. Pvt schools must admit all EPW children Govt. Tamil Nadu mandates admission of at least 50 per cent minority students to save status. Women in India make onaverage 16 less than men Report. Dancing with the Dragon Deciphering Indias China Reset. Tamil Nadu mandates admission of at least 50 per cent minority students to save status. If the number of eligible applications received from the minority community are less than 50 per cent of the seats the institution should admit all such minority students.. Gurugram elevated roads crack four months after opening Does anyone here feel outraged on how the taxpayer money is being spilled like this. Telangana to offer loans with 80 per cent subsidy to minorities. Etala Rajender on Wednesday said that the state government will sanction loans with 80 per cent subsidy to SCs STs.. EPFO numbers Jobs jumped. Or did they The Financial Express. x Maharashtra government 95 tur procured by Maharashtra lies unprocessed govt faces Rs 1000 cr loss. Maharashtra Prices hit rock bottom farmers to distribute free milk from May 3. Anatomy of a reset. There is now mutual recognition in both China and India that a posture of hostility has undermined their interests. The Money Nobody Wants Indias 10Rupee Coin. To create more space for jobs in Mumbai FSI for offices doubled Times of India. Should megacities be considered separately for the census And should they be administrated separately: If you see any data about India and its states the data gets highly skewed due to megacities. For example if you take the population density of Maharashtra it might get skewed due to Mumbai thus the data almost becomes meaningless by including a huge outlier into the equation. Maybe a separated census will give a better picture of the data Similarly the administration required for a metrocity is completely different from the rest of the state which may be largely underdeveloped. So maybe administrating them separately may give better administration for both the city and the villages Fun fact I and Jeff bezos combined have an average net worth of approximately 60Billion. Petrol diesel price hike Centre will not cut excise duty on fuels no immediate relief for consumers. Petrol Diesel Prices Hiked For Sixth Day Rates Rise To MultiYear Highs Today. Govt must clear Justice Josephs elevation says Soli Sorabjee. Kushinagar tragedy highlights Uttar Pradeshs problem of unmanned railway crossings. 1 in every 4 women at DU faced sexualharassment Report. Aadhaar data of 134000 Indians leaked on Andhra govt website. Govt Asks Banks To Pay Tax On Free Services Like ATM Transactions Burden To Fall On Customers. India and China jostle for influence in Iran and Central Asia. Sunrisers Hyderabad vs Kings XI Statistical preview and pitch report. I Am A Civil Servant From Bihar US Visa Showed Me Whos The Boss. Didnt order AadhaarSIM link SC. Didnt order AadhaarSIM link SC: [deleted]. CM DASHBOARD Govt of AP. Aadhaar data of over 89 lakh MNREGA workers in Andhra Pradesh leaked online. Property prices drop by 7 in 9 cities in JanuaryMarch report. Obtain 100 Reliable Report on Sachin surat ICD Import Data. Aadhaar Day 34 hearing will begin shortly. Advocate Gopal Sankarnarayanan will continue his submissions.. Aadhaar New Leak Data of 1.3 lakh people exposed. Up we go: [deleted]. Wheres the money RBI. Labour Ministry revives National Policy to increase domestic helps wages. Karnataka elections How Sri Lankan repatriates will influence Sullia polls. India aims to produce record 283.7 million tonnes of grains next year. Tax Levy on free services Banks to ask government to recall tax demand. Database Safe But Theres A New Leak. 1.3 Lakh Aadhaar Bank Details Out. India shows jobs growth as 3.11 mn join PF in 6 months. Over 5000 Gujarat Farmers Seek Permission to Die as Govt Acquires Land for Power Facility. RD Says the measure to verify your SIM card one time is not excessive at all. Therefore its proportional to the object sought to be achieved. J. Chandrachud SC never directed in Lok Niti foundation order to carry out eKYC of mobile nos.using Aadhaar.. From the ongoing courtroom proceedings its clear that UIDAI amp NITI Aayog are treating Indians as consumers and not citizens. Its comparing its fiduciary duties to some profitmaking entitys algorithms.. Constitutional Validity of Aadhaar Day 33. India shows jobs growth as 3.11 million join social security fund in six months. Russia expects to seal S400 missile deal with India this year says report. RCB vs CSK Pitch report and match preview. Over 100 Bschools in India to shut shop Why 10000 management seats are in firing line. H1B approvals for Indian IT companies drop by 43 between 201517 Report. AADHAAR Seeding Fiasco How To GeoLocate Minority Families In Andhra Pradesh With One Click. Aadhaar day 33 hearing will begin shortly. Senior advocate Rakesh Dwivedi appearing for State/UIDAI will finish by lunch today.. Aadhaar Glitches Deny Rations to 21 Lakh Mumbaikars Congress. IBC Bankruptcies are booming in India but where are the judges. On foreign policy front Modi is like a stylish batsman who consistently fails to deliver big scores. Indias Own RedBlue Divide. Persecuted Church in India: [removed]. Did NDA Govt Recover Rs 4 Lakh Crore of NPAs as Claimed by BJP and PM Modis App. You the People of India are the suckers. The case of Babulal Agarwal IAS 1988 batch. lets blame the commies. Are rape cases happening more or being reported more: As mentioned in the title I am not able to understand the affairs of now. Newspapers are flooded with rape cases every single day especially with the ones happening with minors. But is it that we are hearing more of such cases Given the political and social mileage that Nirbhaya case got nationwide I feel that that would become a deterrent to future convicts but I may be completely deluded. Thats why I dont think rapists have become more audacious. Id like to hear what people in India thinks about this subject.. States like Uttar Pradesh Bihar holding India back NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant. Carlo Ancelotti set to be offered Italy job Reports. An alternative to privatization of public sector banks. Indian restaurant fails hygiene check because staff were away on a hygiene course. Nobody is responsible for todays Aadhaar data leak from AP govt. AP has its own Aadhaar Act which says no official is responsible for security of the data. Act came into force after a 20 million Aadhaar numbers leak in May 2017.. Banking for all What lies beneath Jan Dhan Yojanas apparent success. BIMARU redux NITI Aayog CEO says Bihar Madhya Pradesh Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan keeping India backward. MI vs SRH Statistical preview and pitch report. Bengal govt officials to check if TV shows upset communal harmony. Bengal govt officials to check if TV shows upset communal harmony: [deleted]. eNAM Electronic trade among local mandis via eNAM in the works. US plans to end work permits for spouses of H1B visa holders. CA K HANMANDLOO UNION BUDGET 2018 MSME AGRICULTURE FICCI Money Mantan TV. There are no benefits from Aadhaar that cannot be achieved through other technologies. Aadhaar in welfare is pain without gain opinion Reetika Khera associate professor economics at IIT Delhi. 80 Indian youngsters not trained suitably for any job says Narayana Murthy. No work permits for H1B visa spouses Donald Trump to scrap Obamaera rule. Aadhaar in welfare is pain without gain. [NP]Naseeruddin Shah Feels More Rape Cases Being Reported Is A Good Thing. To put an end to vulgar violent songs Punjab govt to set up Culture Commission. The commission that will also have powers to monitor content served through social media too he declared claiming that Punjab is the first state in India to have such a setup.. Punjab Students with 55 marks can apply for meritorious schools. Punjab school education member says this will increase competition even as former SAD education minister says purpose is defeated.. ATM Transaction Charge Your bank could soon charge you for ATM transactions cheques. Packing Ganga: Namaste I am only taking a few things with me like pants towel and mosquito spray. Meaning I wont be dragging luggage around more like a big bag. What are some other essentials that can help me survive the natural forces of Northern India And what are the rules for the Ganges river Are there dangerous animals and is it allowed to be used for washing/swimming Shukriya. India Receives 69 bn Remittances in 2017WB. Health Ministry deletes fatshaming tweet against non veg food. Raghuram Rajan may be in running for Bank of England governor. GoM proposes sugar cess to clear arrears of cane farmers Times of India. Social Implications of Judicial Rulings. We want accountable government. Abolish special protections for government employees.. Why are we STILL part of the Commonwealth This is a spit in the eye of every Indian who died and is still suffering because those invading Anglo rapists and pillars. Superpower status is not compatible with subversion to slavemasters.: Urge all to take action. We must not also forget to liberate those poor souls who are subjugated by it most the British people. These indentured souls are fawning over the newest arrival who will Lord over them. . FT lists Raghuram Rajan who could be next Bank of England chief.: [removed]. I think there should be concern regarding this. Indian rupee falls for 6th day crumbles 36 paise to 66.48 vs US dollar. Deposits in Jan Dhan accounts cross Rs 80000 crore. Delhi High Court issues notice to RBI Centre on bitcoin ban. India highest recipient of remittances at 69 billion says World Bank. Foreigners can travel to Nagaland Mizoram Manipur unrestricted. Does research show death penalty deters rapes asks HC about ordinance. Urgent The least the Aadhaar project owes its billion users is a bugreporting mechanism. Crypto crackdown lands Indias central bank in court. SC query on importance of turban irks Sikh bodies. Karnataka Forest department plans to renotify buffer zones within tiger reserves. In a similar move to RBI Irans central bank bans the countrys banks from dealing in cryptocurrencies over moneylaundering concerns as the country tries to halt a currency crisis: [deleted]. Students miss exam for not having Aadhaar. Section 377 debate to start again before the Supreme Court. Court issues notice to Center on plea by Hotelier Keshav Suri which says criminalising adult consensual activity is unconstitutional. SC asks Center to file reply within one week.. Supreme Court stays proceedings in 6 cases against Salman Khan filed in different courts across the country. The actor had allegedly made comments against Valmiki Community. The Court will hear if FIR against him will be quashed or not. Next date of hearing 23 JulyANI. Fake Currency Cash Crunch Demonetization all seems to be related.. Viewpoint The pitfalls of Indias biometric ID scheme. Indias Eastern Peripheral Expressway boasts of many firsts to be ready within 500 days. Over 100 Government Websites compromised in the last 12 months: [deleted]. 6 UP youths held with fake Aadhaar cards in Army recruit rally Business Standard News. Government giving free publicity worth 40 k to Twitter and Facebook. Demonetisations enduring damage. home sales Supply of new homes down 60 in JanuaryMarch Report. India targets fugitive tycoons with asset seizure act. High Court of Delhi Exploring Whether Cryptocurrency Ban Is Unconstitutional. Indian delegation allegedly not allowed into Palestinian territory by Israel writes to PM Modi. UP the rape state. World Bank praises Indias Aadhaar push. Delhi High Court Issues Warning To RBI. GST alert Shopping at Delhi airports duty Free shops Now pay Goods and Services Tax. Cryptocurrency Delhi High Court Issues Notice To RBI And Others. India become 2nd largest unbanked population in the world. According to world bank India has 19 crore adults without a bank account.. India become 2nd largest unbanked population in the world. According to world bank India has 19 crore adults without a bank account.. Endgame for garment exports The Hindu. RBI makes Aadhaar linking of bank accounts mandatory. Petrol price hits highest level under BJP govt diesel at record peak. DRI Sleuths bust Diesel Smuggling Racket 4 held. Aadhaar seeding must for bank accounts under KYC norms RBI. Where can I report animal neglect/abuse in Secunderabad/Hyderabad: [deleted]. Tougher laws will curb the rape epidemic we need to improve our Police and Justice system ASAP: The new new law prescribing death for child rapists will do jack shit to cure Indias rape epidemic. Our police is super corrupt and totally inefficient to deal with such criminals. Our courts are slower than saguaro cactus. Even a weak political connection and some money can give you total impunity from law. We need to ditch that system first to save our daughters and also sons. We need to keep police out of the direct political control. No MLA MP or minister should have any power over police. Thats why it should be an independent body like the high court or supreme court or the election commission of India. The state police should have a controlling board at the top. The members of the board should be chosen by merit and they should have legal protection from the political masters. We also need to differentiate the law and order branch and the investigation branch of police. An officer should not perform a dual role of catching helmet less bikers and solving a murder mystery. The promotion in the police service should be strictly performance and merit based. Every officers service history should be available to the public via Internet. We should able to check how many cases have been solved by that officer or how many complaints were lodged against him/her. We also need to improve our justice system to make it snappy more accurate and cheaper. Thats why we need to use information technology as much as possible. We also need to abandon some archaic and lengthy procedures. What do you think tldr We need a better police and a faster cheaper court. Police should become more independent. . substanderd education. What India owes to Nehru.. A wellknown blogger and data Cruncher James Wilson asked some serious questions to the government.. Save our Forests National Forest Policy 2018 Explained by Dhruv Rathee. RCB vs DD Statistical preview and pitch report. Delhi Court Acquits Man of Rape Charges Against Minor Says Victim Was Adult by Muslim Law. Postmortem report of Kathua victim contradicts Dainik Jagrans front page splash. Big reforms made India one of the fastestgrowing major economies globally DEA. Exports as percentage of GDP lowest in last fourteen years Livemint. KKR vs KXIP Pitch report and match preview. No need to link Aadhaar ration cards State govt.. Garg Discusses NDBs Project Pipelines in Washington. Why are Indian Jails Disproportionately Filled with Minorities Economic and Political Weekly. Public Sector Banks Are Rejecting More RTIs Than Ever Before The Wire. Smart cities stay unsmart. RBI makes Aadhaar key to KYC compliance. Printing presses operating 24x7 generating Rs 500 200 notes. India story would be damaged if Modi is not reelected says Chris Wood. ATM Cash Crunch situation in Indian Economy Know main reasons behind it Current Affair 2018. India claims top spot for 2018 growth among major economies Reuters poll. Indian Enforcement Agencies Seek Trading Ban On Virtual Currencies. India accounts for 55 of new bank accounts opened globally World Bank. IMPEACH Not nice Soniaji. IndiaUS relationship are doing extremely well Arvind Subramanian. View Bankruptcy India turns a badloan tragedy into a bankruptcy farce. 48 sitting MPs/MLAs have pending cases of crime against women ADR report. RBI shows some teeth with oneday rule hope it stays that way. India Can Become Powerhouse Economy If Policies Managed Well Says IMF. Center to amend Poxes act rape accused will be hanged. Can Narendra Modi ban liquor overnight: [removed]. Centre in its letter submitted to Supreme Court says it has started process to amend POCSO Act to ensure maximum punishment of death penalty in child rape cases between the age group of 012. Further hearing on April 27 reports ANI. CSK vs RR Pitch report and statistical preview. After Cash Crunch Traders Perform Aarti To ATM Deva. Hours of electricity supply per day in rural areas of Indian states. Agri Insurance in India a brief account of Agricultural Insurance as a tool to protect crop failure.. India story would be damaged if Modi is not reelected says Chris Wood.. GOM Proposes Uniform Road Tax. Best Way to File GST Online How to File GST Return Online Easily. Hawai chappal pehan ne wala bhi ab hawai safar kar sakta hai said PM Modi. Forgot to mention the brand of the chappal.. Forced Labour Camps for Prisoners: We have lots of issues because of the lack of infrastructure. I got an idea to solve that. I know this will break a lot of human rights stuff. But I think we should have a forced labour camp system to improve infrastructure Something like Gulags SU had. These camps should host prisoners who committed mediumhigh level crimes. Most of these prisoners are having fairly comfortable life is prisons now and I think we should really change it. Example You commit a rape 20 years of forced labour Terrorism 5070 years Corruption 1 20 based on severity If someone refuse to do work they should not be fed. What do you guys think . TIL that the people of Bhutan Srilanka and Maldives are richer than Indians.: We all know that we South Asians are piss poor. However it amazes me the Per Capita Income PPP of Bhutan 8720 Srilanka 13001 and Maldives 19178 is more than India 7174. Per capita nominal of Bhutan 2903 Srilanka 4085 Maldives 12527 is also more than India 1983. Forget USA or Europe if our people become as rich as Srilankans our GDP nominal will be doubled to 5.2 Trillion USD. We will become the 3rd largest eeconomy after USA and China surpassing UK Germany and Japan. If we become as rich as the people of Maldives we will be the 2nd largest economy after USA surpassing China. So lets become as developed as Srilanka.. TIL that people Bhutan Maldives and Srilanka is richer than Indians: [deleted]. Digital India is in need of paper money. Many ODF Claims Premature It Will Be A WorkinProgress Long After 2019. Mumbai Congress chief Sanjay Nirupam slams glitches in Aadhaar says over 21 lakh people not getting ration Firstpost. Why Indias millionaires are ditching Indian citizenship Times of India. Central Transfers to States Role of the Finance Commission. Revenue sharing Are states in South India being taken for a ride. Traffic jams in Delhi Mumbai Bengaluru and Kolkata alone cost India 22 billion a year. Thinking about starting a India accountability site need input.: So I so this post recently and it got me thinking https//np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8d5sv1/updateiowacitythreateningalawsuittogetme/ Why dont we /r/india users start and manage a site that will start criticizing people who are involved in corruption I am not talking about large headlines like the rape cases or tax fraud etc. I am thinking along the lines that when a ordinary police officer does not do his duty asking for bribes during passport verification etc go for the low hanging fruit. We will accept video or audio evidence from the victim and post it on our site then will start sending it to the authorities who deal with bribes the media news amp social media and so on. Like we will act as the voice of the people whos rights are being violated. We will be persistent like emailing and calling these officials daily until necessary action is taken then we help another victim. So what I am asking you guys is to be the voice register on the site then everyday allot like 10 15 mins to deal with one case like calling the officials or something. We will record and store all the actions we do as evidence and take it to the media if the officials dont do anything. I am a decent coder I also would need some help setting up the site and stuff we would host if offshore so no one can get it taken down. So want to know what you guys think of it. The Cash Crunch problem will be resolved tomorrow SBI Cheaf. Damn you congress.. Narendra Modi in London India to invest more than 1 billion pounds in UK will create over 5500 British jobs. The Bengaluru case that turned the taxmans gaze on Indias salaried class. Supreme Court website reportedly hacked minutes after Judge Loya ruling. Aadhaar data isnt safe say denizens. India stares at water crisis. IMF Cautions China Praises India For Right Policies To Lower Debt. Justice Loya hearing LIVE updates Judges death was natural rules Supreme Court rejects all writ petitions. An 81YearOld Space Scientist Wants The Indian Supreme Court To Save Senior Citizens From Aadhaar. Aadhaar Day 31 hearing will commence shortly.. Airtel has highest 4G download speeds in India Report. Cash crunch How Rajasthan ATS intercepted the hawala syndicate thats making Indian ATMs run dry. Wrong information in IT returns will lead to prosecution complaint to employers. Crypto Startup Files Petition Against Indias Central Bank Ban. Why Are Rs 2000 Notes Not Being Printed By Yashwant Sinha. GST Set to Affect Your CTC. GDP does not reflect true economic performance of India RSS chief. Phone calls from Delhi are root cause of problems in govt banks says ex SEBI chief Damodaran. Income tax department warns salaried taxpayers against tax evasion by underreporting income. Theresa May agrees 1BILLION new FREETRADE deal with INDIA after Brexit at Commonwealth s. US Makes First Public Comments Against Indias Price Cap on Medical Devices. The US has announced it will review import benefits which India receives which was triggered among other things by Indias price control on medical devices.. When two desperate Politicians try to Save Face.... India UK sign 1 Billion Pound Free Trade Deal. When two desperate Politicians try to Save Face.... Indian UK sign 1 Billion Dollar Trade Deal: [deleted]. Peak traffic hours in four Indian cities costing 22bn a year. Commuters in Delhi Mumbai Bengaluru and Mumbai are taking 1.5 times longer to travel a given distance says study. Govt wants to link flight tickets to Aadhaar privacy activists call it a terrible idea. So now theyre blaming Google.: [deleted]. Modi sacked Marlena who made govt schools better. Delhis shiny happy sarkari schools Business Line. Reports CIA chief Mike Pompeo secretly met Kim Jongun. Nitin gadkari National Highway construction target raised to 45 km a day. MadhyaPradesh People continue to face CashCrunch A resident of Bhopal says I have been to more than 12 ATMs since yesterday but neither had money we are facing a lot of problems due to this. RBI denies cash crunch says ATMs going dry due to logistics. Why the sudden cash crunch Blame hoarding of Rs 2000 notes RBIs digital push FRDI Bill. Aadhaar cant turn the Indian State into Big Brother. IMF reconfirms India will be the fastest growing nation in 2019. Man duped of Rs 1.10L over Aadhaar card linking in Ajmer Jaipur News Times of India. Aadhaar Day 30 Hearing to commence shortly in Supreme Court.. Aadhaar Seems Abusive Noam Chomsky Tells GNLUs Swagat Baruah Live Law. Pensions Aadhaar rule amended Thiruvananthapuram News Times of India. ATMs Run Dry in some States FM says Temporary Shortage. ATMs run out of notes Heres the reason behind the massive cash crunch. Cash Crunch Is there a Financial Emergency going on in the country asks Mamata Banerjee. Government to mandate single GST return a month to ease burden. Google card lobby want Aadhaar to fail UIDAI to Supreme Court Times of India. India Sweden agree upon winwin joint action plan. Modi underlines new defence production opportunities. Air India divestment With key suitors backing out the government may sweeten the deal. A thorough analysis of Aadhar by IITB CS dept. professors in this whitepaper.. survey for the union budget 201819: [removed]. survet for the new budget: [removed]. FSI 16th Annual Shorenstein Journalism Award Panel Discussion India the United States and China The New Triangle in Asia. ForensicReport No semen detected in exhibit submitted by LSR students. From 56 days there has been a cash crunch at banks in Bihar I spoke to officials at both RBI amp banks they said that in the next few days problem will be sorted. RBI said less supply has caused a problem amp it will be solved in a day or two Sushil Modi Bihar Finance Minister. SC Aadhaar does not exist in an isolated world The Economic Times Video ET Now. Aadhaar Fingerprint information is only of interest to palmists and for the growth of palmistry Senior Counsel Rakesh Dwivedi. Moooo or Meyyyy. Doctors Lawyers MBAs in the race to be Mumbai police constables. This is where India has beaten not only China but rest of the world since 2015. Appointment of 9 Delhi government advisers cancelled on Union home ministrys recommendation. Cash crunch ATMs in many states go dry govt blames unusual spurt in currency demand. Delhi CM approves Indias first power consumer compensation policy. MI vs RCB Pitch report and statistical preview. The terms of Air Indias sale may change. Aadhaar Day 29 hearing will begin shortly.. Dear India you should now get used to layoffs at workplace. Challan in cheating forgery case points to Aadhaar data breach. Fake originals leave passport officials in a tight spot. Will employee reimbursements attract GST. Here are the consequences of linking womens medical records to their Aadhaar The Indian Express. India ranks 10th on new Commonwealth innovation index. India must create 8.1 million jobs annually says World Bank report. What demonetisation did to tax collections. Your TV settop box could soon come with a chip as government wants to know what you watch on TV. Exports as percentage of GDP lowest in last fourteen years Livemint. Pharma and Healthcare is the highest paying sector in India Report. Indias Weather Office Expects Normal Rains In 2018 97 of Long Term Average. Indias wholesale inflation softens to 2.47. Business as usual RBI crackdown fails to deter bitcoin traders. GST Companies may have to restructure salary packages of employees to reduce GST impact. Thane Kasarvadawali cops to take action against Bangladeshi nationals for getting Aadhar PAN cards fraudulently Free Press Journal. Delhi Major fire guts Rohingya refugee camp no casualties reported. GDP PPP per capita growth past five years. India 45 China 45 Bangladesh 45 Indonesia 29 Turkey 27.... One Rape Case Reported In Two Different Ways: I stumbled upon this article http//www.timesnownews.com/india/article/jharkhandgangrapefireblazekerosenechatradistrict/202012 Here the victim is said to be gangraped and then burnt by the rapists. The last line of the article sounded strange Bajrang Dal workers on Friday blocked the highway demanding the arrest of the third accused and death penalty for all the three. I thought of it to be a false case. I was looking for alternate sources and I found https//www.hindustantimes.com/cities/minorimmolatesselfafterrapeinchatraaccusedheld/storym8tu94vk6c94Q7L1f34NQK.html Here theres only one accused and the girl had immolated herself. . Updates on Aadhaar Final Hearing Day wise updates by SFLC.in. IISC Bengaluru stares at another doomsday prediction city might become unliveable by 2030. Government revises speed limits up to 120kph on expressways Autocar India. Indias Aadhaar database and the challenges of reporting it Al Jazeera. BBN executive committee formed. KXIP vs CSK Pitch report and match preview. The Great Migration. From North India to South: The great migration Talent from the north heads south The article suggests that Northies are more talented then their Southern counterparts. North has got talent and South got Jobs. Is it so https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/thegreatmigrationtalentfromthenorthheadssouth/articleshow/63766684.cmsutmcampaignandappamputmmediumreferralamputmsourceother. The great migration Talent from the north heads south. Petition Filed In Kerala HC Challenging Foreign Funding Of Political Parties [Read Petition] Live Law. Worlds First Hospital Train Brings Hope to Indian Villages See Pics. Another Rape Reported in India Amid Protests Against Brutal Acts. This is not a resort its a Delhi govt school. You get this if you vote for educated leaders. Meanwhile in the neighboring state we get Rapist MLAs dying children criminals giving themselves clean chit useless statues. You get that when you vote for MandirMasjid.. 2500 crore for Statue in Gujarat but only 1500 crore for Amaravati. Maharashtra Bulumgavhan a remote tribal village in Amravatis Dharni gets electrified after 70 years of independence. Villagers say It was difficuly when there was no electricity our children could not study after it turned dark. We are very happy now. 14.04.2018. PM Modi to meet German Chancellor Merkel. Ranveer Singh Deepika Padukone have reportedly signed a film together. People protest after denial of ration over Aadhaar seeding Pune News Times of India. Indias doctor population ratio healthy Tamil Nadu fares better. Falling sugar prices bring down valuations in Maharashtra. Fiscal Deficit No friction with RBI different views natural Economic affairs secretary Times of India. Government to light up 192 Dalit villages with 100 power. India Tourism Development Corporation bags Rs 550 crore Andhra tourism project. Will attach Delhi govt bank a/cs if MCD teachers not paid High Court. We will say all teachers be treated equally. We are saying it for the last time do it for the sake of education the court said adding that it was a violation of right to education under the Constitution.. Why Indias Bone Collectors are Living in Fear. MI vs DD Pitch report and match preview. Settop boxes with a chip to track all TV viewing. Settop boxes with a chip to track all TV viewing: [deleted]. Aadhaar card scam busted three arrested Ahmedabad News Times of India. View Lets not wall ourselves in. Maharashtra leads states in providing formal jobs. Labourer from Beed attempts suicide outside Mumbais Mantralaya over land dispute with police official detained by police. Sawantwadi job fair ruffles feathers in Goa. Unemployment rate in Indian states 201516. Can Indias consumer internet companies become true giants. MumbaiAhmedabad bullet train fares could start as low as Rs 250. Shankar Aiyyar Decolonise Governance. Firecracker fumes can cause miscarriage stunt growth Govt. Bharat BillPay records 75 percent transaction growth. RCB vs KXIP Pitch report and match preview. Energy access for all needed for true democracy in India. Statute of Liberty. Indian bitcoin exchange Coinsecure reports 3 mn theft suspects inside job. India New Economic super power. Indias nonatomic and fuel mineral production up by 13. Indias nonbasmati exports rise 34 on Africas import demand. Payment Of Pension Cant Be Delayed In The Name Of Linking To Aadhaar Says CIC [Read Order]. Govt says it may change terms of Air India sale if response is poor. Supreme Court On Aadhaar Says Technology Is A Powerful Enabler Of Mass Surveillance. AADHAAR Supreme Court refers to Cambridge Analytica breach in Aadhaar hearing raises concerns The Economic Times. 60 of Total Passenger carrying coaches fitted with BioToilets. Saudi Aramco partners Indian Oil others to set up worlds largest refinery in Ratnagiri. Easy solution to Indias air pollution problem. India 100th on global hunger index trails North Korea Bangladesh. Heres why Indian inflation is falling and whats hidden in those numbers.: [removed]. Swami Ramdevji Exposing Rothschild and Rockefeller. Retail Inflation Eases To 4.28 In March Factory Output Grows 7.1 In February. Implementation of GST not unfixable problem Raghuram Rajan. Delhi Assembly passes resolution to make stalking nonbailable offence. India ranks 130 in Index of Economic Freedom up by 13 spots. Secret Policing The Quint Finds Hidden Numbers on Electoral Bonds. The summer of 2018 is going to sting indian consumers. Clarity on Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Trading in India by Economic Affairs Secretary of India. Check out the video to know more. [Is Indian Gov promoting money laundering indirectly]. SSC CGL exam notification to be out soon. Application form filling process will begin soon.. Crypto Tax Support Is Coming to India. How would Aadhaar curb hawala transactions and money laundering SC Business Standard News. Aadhaar Day 28 hearing will begin shortly.. 23000 millionaires left India in last 4 years. Canteen services to employees will attract GST AAR. Govt asks oil retailers not to raise petrol diesel prices. Subramanian Swamy effect FM Arun Jaitley mulling converting GSTN into a government owned entity says report. Thanks ICICIBankCare ICICIBank for coming to your senses not committing contempt of court aadhaar. Indias Grip On Strategic Port Loosens As Iran Turns To China. Failing to curb these kind of messages even if reported as spam is one of the reasons for Facebooks situation today.. Effect of Election mode. Delhi govt and private schools to be graded based on academics infrastructure. To evaluate schools on the teachinglearning parameters the institutes will be asked to submit information on the number of teachers students classrooms library and laboratory facilities.. Delhi government to give Rs 14 lakh to Manika Batra for CWG gold. 2 Delhi Govt. Schools Get Swanky Pools As AAP Quietly Works For An Education Revolution. A Popular Student Hangout In Mumbai Civil Caf Shuts Down. The reason behind this is the civil body did not grant the caf a health license. The caf apparently had removed nonvegetarian dishes from its menu due to which the controversy started.. Digital transformation will add 154 billion to Indias GDP by 2021 Microsoft. Maharashtra Kisan Sabha plans to launch another rally after govts inaction. Members say none of the ministers present during talks is responding to demands. India on track to record 50 consecutive months of doubledigit air passenger growth IATA. Once his best friend oil now looks menancingly at Narendra Modi. Middle of Nowhere Class When just 2.56 pay 100 of Indias income tax amp govt wants more. Debtridden farmer commits suicide in Maharashtra blames Modi govt in note. All 6 IPLmatches shifted from Chennai amid Cauvery protests Reports. We want to link Aadhaar not because we see people as criminals but to protect them from crime UIDAI. RR vs DD Pitch report and statistical preview. Once his best friend oil now looks menancingly at Narendra Modi. India Saudi Arabia to Build 44 Billion Refinery in Western India. Cutting off the nose to spite the face. Thread by jamewils One question to ASG. If 17.4 cr PAN is linked with Aadhaar tell us how many are filing returns How many are included in the tax base. The [] TipstoSCLawyers. Delhi residents Aadhaar details fraudulently used to issue SIM card The Economic Times Video ET Now. Government evasive on private companies requesting Aadhaar from citizens. Aadhaar Day 27 hearing to begin shortly.. Air India privatization faces turbulent weather. Aadhaar Act Clause in Aadhaar act badly drafted says Supreme Court The Economic Times. 7 months after 10 deaths in Delhis sewers AAP govts promises remain hollow. Nonavailability of machines puts the lives of hundreds of workers who go down to clean sewers and tanks manually in danger.. Change mindset set up open jails advises Supreme Court: [deleted]. CII pulls out of Make in Odisha Conclave. Exxon Qatar in Talks for Potential U.S. Shale Gas Deal Report. Many companies in India dont understand the countrys largest tax reform. Aadhaar Day 26 hearing to begin shortly.. What are the possible ways to reverse RBIs decision to ban crypto trading: what . Indian Big Brother using fingerprint identification system for food benefits and bank accounts: [deleted]. Narendra Modi govt planning to support yogik gou mata rishi krishi farming as part of the centres flagship scheme to promote organic farming Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana PKVY. CSK vs KKR Pitch report and statistical preview. Aadhar details of 1 crore keralites have been leaked by health dept. Punjab Not a rupee spent in a year Rs 21crore grant for benches in govt schools lapses. In majority of government schools in the state children of classes 1 to 5 sit on floor as there are no benches.. Tank full of issues in bringing petrol and diesel under GST. Chanda Kochhar After initial show of support growing questions within ICICI Bank. Sensex rises over 100 points on firm global cues Nifty tops 10400. Chanda Kochhar amp Shikha Sharma Two bank bosses in the eye of the storm. Just 150 km from Bengaluru 50 of women in this poor Karnataka taluk battle anaemia. Whats wrong with Indian real estate. After Maharashtra and Haryana UP allows women on night shift in factories. Statsguru Indias economy grew at 6.6 in FY18 down from 8.2 in FY16. Modi May Be The Last Hope For The Indian Economy To Achieve Greatness. Patents and protecting public health. RBIs optimistic world view. Indias companies arent as optimistic as RBI on economic growth prospects. Consumer confidence now worse than in December last year RBI survey Times of India. Why the economy cant be the narrative for Narendra Modi in 2019. How Safe Are Pedestrians on Indian Roads. National Electricity Plan revised to make room for more coal. Niti Aayog plans National Data amp Analytics Platform. Nifty to hit 11500 in FY19 India growth story intact 5 stocks that could be multibaggers. The great bank robbery. Maharashtra This Season at Least I Come Back With Water After Eight Hours.... In a Latur hamlet Shalubai works eight hours daily to fill water some spend less time but pay three times the rate for water than Aurangabad breweries do [Old] [Jul 2017]. GST will curb evasion of both indirect and direct taxes. Personal details of more than 1 Crore Keralites leaked. Includes Aadhaar info. Whats more the Govt plans to map all residents on a map with GPS coordinates.. RBI directs all payment companies Visa MasterCard Google Paytm and others to store data locally. PSA Airtel is blocking torrent sites.: I recently noticed that when I was trying to download using Airtel I was not able to connect. I thought may be the DoT or TRAI have cracked down on torrent sites as they are wont to do from time to time. However while checking whether the site was up or not while using Vodafone SIM this time some time later I could connect to the website. This is not a confidence. Nor is it a one off incident. Airtel has been continuously blocking most torrent websites for the past week since I started checking. . Indrani Mukerjea reportedly overdosed in prison but officials clueless how. State to keep bulls at bay in quest for purebreed cows. Twenty two carriages roll out of control for seven miles in Odisha state before being stopped by rocks placed on track. Delhi Metro Phase IV gets boost after finance dept nod to three corridors. New Regulations to make Maharashtra State Free of Asbestos. Indias Rajiv Part 2 The Prime Minister. NHAI awarded 150 projects of 7400 km worth Rs 1220 bn in FY 201718 an alltime high by NHAI since its inception in 1995. When a river recedes The Indian Express. How shoddy execution of SCs ruling on Aadhar has turned life into a living nightmare for the elderly IndiaToday. Arundhati Roy voices fears over Aadhaar Hyderabad News Times of India. 9 crore new LPG connections provided in 4 years Dharmendra Pradhan. Aadhaar Eternal surveillance is the price of welfarism. India to meet its clean energy target before time Union Minister. Cryptocurrency RBI cutting off banking facilities to service providers is impractical experts say. Shashi Tharoor Rips into Modis Foreign Policy Part II. Shashi Tharoor Rips into Modis Foreign Policy Part I. an Idea regarding caste.: [removed]. Rural India will reach 100 toilet coverage by December 2018. Delhi hospital gears up to help male rape survivors. Top 36 families in India own more than onefourth of countrys GDP but the time is changing. India can only read its demographic dividend by investing in vocational education. Indian crypto exchanges consider legal proceedings against the RBI. Banks recover a pitiful proportion of massive amounts of bad loans they have written off. Even as bankers are focused on Rs3 trillion worth of bad loans it is imperative to also monitor those who have gone scot free simply because their loans no longer exist on bank balance sheets.. [Update] Airtel and compulsory aadhar verification: After almost 15 days now of going back and forth via their customer service. This is their reply. Mind the connection is active they arbitrarily decided to upgrade to a 4G from the 3G and jacked the SIM before the previous deadline of 30th March. Hi I apologise for the difficulty faced by you however it is mandatory to complete the biometric and aadhaar verification process in order to get a new sim Thank you This is my mothers number that is linked to her bank account and ewallets. She cant get into the OTP to make payments because the SIM has been proverbially shat upon. . A delay in reporting sexual assault does not mean the victim is lying says Bombay High Court. Reserve Bank of India Considers Central BankIssued Digital Currency. NIA to examine Aadhaar cards bank documents seized during antiNaxal operations in Jharkhand. Another Hartal in Kerala on Monday 9th April: [removed]. Govt trying to get fuel into GST to lower prices BJP chief Amit Shah. Indias endDecember external debt at 513.4 billion. 20 billion defence project India kicks off process to procure 110 fighter jets for IAF. Is Aadhaar Proportional in Curbing Terrorism. Is Modi government killing bitcoin to launch its own Lakshmi. Indian Crypto Exchanges React to RBIs Statement. India to pump in over Rs 10000 crore in inland waterways development. These Make in India tamping machines will enhance track safety on Indian Railways. India promotes elearning across schools and universities. 3 lakh people denied pensions for not linking Aadhaar Kerala Finance Min denies. Sign this petiton.Make India at the forefront of Blockchain Applications revolution.. Jail for bringing more than 1 booze bottle from Delhi to UP. Reliance Jio Jios entry led to 10 billion annual savings for India Report. Writeoffs bad loans and ICICI Banks Kochhar chaos More bad news for Indian banks Quartz. Taxpayers receiving pension from ex employers eligible for Rs 40000 standard deduction. RBI bars banks from crypto services plans ecurrency Times of India. Indian decision on F16 F18 could lead to 5th gen fighter jets US official. SC rejects Govt reasoning says Aadhaar cant stop bank frauds. IampB to form committee to regulate online media in India. RBI keeps key rates unchanged. RBI keeps repo rate unchanged at 6 percent stance stays at neutral. Indian crypto markets crashing due to govt ban on crypto handling by institutions. IndiGo Pulls Out of Plan to Buy Air India Operations in Full. Is Everyone A Terrorist Supreme Court Judge Asks Why Link Cellphone To Aadhaar. Indian Reserve Bank Banning Buying And Selling of Virtual Currencies Including Bitcoin. Amit Bhadana love life. IampB Ministry forms committee to regulate online media. RBI is Not Banning Cryptocurrencies Stop This FUD. Maharashtra Has Hardly Completed Any Homes Under PMs Housing For All Plan. SC doesnt agree to Centres plea Aadhaar would curb banking frauds Moneycontrol.com. Aaadhar can do little to stop banking frauds Supreme Court to Centre. Indias domestic flights flew more than 90 full in February. Maharashtra will do gender determination test for Police Recruitment to avoid men applying in the female category. India BANS Cryptocurrencies with Immediate Effect. Indias drug regulatory body to create new database to monitor drug manufacturers. Chinas trillion dollar plan to dominate global trade YouTube. RBI dumps GVA model switches back to GDP to measure economy. Aadhaar no solution to scams as bank officials are hand in glove with fraudsters says Supreme Court. Over 74 lakh foreign tourists arrived in India between July 2017 and February 2018 Govt. India shuts down Bitcoin.. Fact 38.4 of Govt. employees were from Reserved Category [in 2012]. Services PMI back on growth track in March jobcreation at 7yr high. Aadhaar Card Bank Frauds Aadhaar cant stop bank frauds Supreme Court to Centre. Aadhaar cannot stop bank frauds SC. Reserve Bank of India Directs Banks To Stop Providing Services To Those Involved in Cryptocurrencies. Aadhaar can do little to stop bank frauds Supreme Court slams Centre. RBI says GDP growth to strengthen to 7.4 in FY19 GDP growth will accelerate from 7.37.4 in first half of 201819 to 7.37.6 in the second of half of the current fiscal says RBI in its monetary policy statement. How India Become The Worlds Fastest Growing Economy. Ban On Bitcoins RBI Gives Banks 3 Months To Stop Dealing In Digital Tokens. Big boost to PM Modi Job creation at 7year high services PMI back on growth track. RBI Bans Regulated Entities From Dealing With Virtual Currencies. Your bank will not allow you to buy bitcoins anymore. India Is The Nation Of The Most Unemployed In The World Labour Bureau Statistics. RBI to announce policy rates today. Indian companies have scrapped projects worth 117 billion in just one year. Aadhaar Card UIDAI Aadhaar access ban is the new heartburn for Fintech. The Great Aadhaar Game Dont be Arbitrary be Cleverly Random The Wire. Aadhaar hearing day 26 will begin shortly.. Bad Loan Banks stare at 38 billion new dud loans from power sector Report. 1766294 students are out of school in Karnataka. A former Infosys engineer became a rich bitcoin miner amp ultimately fugitive. Fact 99 of Indian jobs are not reserved. N Chandrababu Naidu Naidu asks Pradhan to get GSPC to pay farmers dues. Aadhaar Card Supreme Court Aadhaar cannot be made any less intrusive AG Venugopal tells Supreme Court. income tax return Plea in High Court against Aadhaar requirement for efiling tax returns The Economic Times. Aadhaar scheme approved by experts not open to judicial review Govt to SC. Road ministry plans DelhiMumbai expressway. Petroleum Planning amp Analysis Cell Retail Selling Price in Neighbouring Countries govt preadsheet. STT collections surge in buoyant market govt rakes in Rs 111 bn in 201718. Now new concept to measure length of highways from April 1 Looking forward to the road building figures increase exponentially .. UIDAI stops eKYC and authentication services. SCI Junior Court Attendant Chamber Attendants Online Form 2018 Apply now. Indian government launches online portals for export. Supreme Court Constitution Bench Judge Questions UIDAIs Powers Tomorrow May Say Give Blood Sample. Make in India in public procurement Companies bag Rs 50bn govt contracts. Petrol now Rs 73.95 in Delhi Rs 81.80 in Mumbai fuel prices hiked for sixth day in a row. Indias effort in renewable energy led to drop in solar price says US Senator. Attorney General says that blood urine dna can be added but itll be subject to examination by the courts just like right now the court is examining whether collection of fingerprints and Iris scans are a violation of privacy.: WTF https//twitter.com/SFLCin/status/981423209340964864. Amazon may offer to buy Indias Flipkart report. Aadhaar hearing Day 25 will begin shortly. Twitter thread. NGT slaps Rs 2 lakh as costs on Delhi govt for failing to file action plan on crop burning reforms. CBSE Row Calls for Democratisation of Education. Report Amazon may offer to buy Flipkart to counter Walmarts bid. Hacking group Lulzsec India alleges massive Aadhaar and PAN data breach. Did edu dept leak Aadhaar data to political parties Nagpur News Times of India. Highway construction hits record 10000 km in FY18. Smart Cities Mission Key Scheme Echoes Failures Of Previous Government No more than 1.8 of the funds released for Smart Cities Mission SCM have been utilised since its launch in 2015. In 2 yrs of overhaul Modi govts rural housing scheme has doubled number of houses built. A radical proposal to keep your personal data safe Richard Stallman Opinion. vigilance clearance No passport for corrupt bureaucrats Government. Mumbai Police verification for passport to be done in 1week. Aadhaar authentication failure in Supreme Court is a fake issue. Public Sector Banks Wrote off 2.41 Lakh Crore between 201417. Marital Rape Not A Crime Indian Court Says Drops Charges Against Accused. Centre asks states to identify no selfie zones. New postBrexit IndiaUK trade deal could take nearly 7 years Report. Petrol price at near 5year high inches closer to Rs 74 in Delhi today. Aadhaar linking deadline for small savings schemes extended till further notice Govt. India can do a Silicon Valley in 5 years World Bank. Gatimaan Express Indias Fastest Train To Serve More Destinations 5 Points. Indias fiscal deficit seen lower than 3.5 of GDP in FY18. How Indias diesel petrol prices compare with its neighbours. Income taxes were targetted to grow at 24.9 this year because of Jaitleys crackdown on black money but the growth fell to 17.1 instead well below the average growth rate of around 18.5. Yet the government claims it has exceeded income tax targets.: Income tax targetted to grow at 24.9 . Actually grew at 17.1 despite demontization claims. Last fiscal IT growth rate was 19.9 and average growth despite bad years has been 18.5 https//www.livemint.com/Opinion/PhabUMG4FogSf6Nkq0d8aN/Aremarkablyrestrainedbudgetgoingbythenumbers.html cbdt going all out to get more tax revenues https//www.businesstoday.in/current/economypolitics/cbdthikeddirecttaxcollectiontarget10lakhcroredemonetisationtds/story/271471.html Headlines managed. Government claims income tax targets exceeded. http//www.financialexpress.com/economy/bigboosttomodigovernmentasdirecttaxcollectionexceedsbudgetarytargetinfy18/1118903/ Hence all is well. bhakts rejoice. . This is why India needs to improve its public school system. Opinion India Loves Data but Fails to Protect It The New York Times. Day 24 of final Aadhaar hearing will begin shortly. CEO of UIDAI will answer the questions put forth by the petitioners. Attorney General will resume his submissions. Twitter thread. Privatization of Banks Will it save Indias Banking Industry [Classic Hypocrite]. In name of fake news Government frames rules to blacklist journalists. AAPs OddEven Scheme Led To Increase In Emissions Says Study. A new research indicates that the rule not only did not result in reduction of vehicular emissions but had even led to an overall increase in their emissions.. What does r/India think of Income Proportionate Chalaan: Finlands system for calculating fines is relatively simple It starts with an estimate of the amount of spending money a Finn has for one day and then divides that by twothe resulting number is considered a reasonable amount of spending money to deprive the offender of. Then based on the severity of the crime the system has rules for how many days the offender must go without that money. Source [Finland Home of the 103000 Speeding Ticket]https//www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2015/03/finlandhomeofthe103000speedingticket/387484/ TLDR Chalaan will be calculated based on your income. So the richer you are higher the chalaan. IMO it will serve two purposes 1. More fine collection 2. More law adherance in rich people Another link [Incomebased traffic fines could be just the ticket]http//www.greenmountaindaily.com/2018/03/25/incomebasedtrafficfinescouldbejusttheticket/. Govt to crack down on fake news cancel journalists accreditation Centre proposes six months suspension for a first violation one year for a second violation and permanent cancellation for a third violation.. indian railways For safer travel railways renews tracks at record rate in FY18 India News Times of India. Record 7400 Km Road Contracts Worth Over Rs 1 Lakh Crore Awarded By NHAI On The Back Of Procedural Reforms. DelhiMumbai Super Expressway to enable commuters to travel to and fro in 12 hours. Guidelines for Accreditation of Journalists Amended to Regulate Fake News: [deleted]. Journalists found guilty of writing fake news will lose accreditation: [deleted]. Mobiles are assembled Amitabh Kant Swords are Made in India. Track renewals at their highest claims railways. India at risk of food shortage due to climate change says study. Direct Tax Mop up at Rs 9.95 Lakh Crore in FY18 Misses Revised Estimates. Direct tax collection exceeds target in 201718. Delhi leapfrogs to BSVI fuel. How it affects you. Direct tax collection exceeds target in FY18. Rising petrol prices What Narendra Modi said before 2014 and his govt did in 4 years. Over 1.71 Lakh GST Eway Bills Generated on Launch Day Real Load Test Today. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code set for major overhaul. Record Set as India Produces 100 Billionth Unit of Renewable Energy in a Year The Wire. Breakneck pace of India road awards may set Rs 1 lakh crore record. 10 types of Indian Rural consumers every consumer company should know: [removed]. Bogeyman of majority in India. What India Really Needs Is Better Population Policy. 10 types of Indian Rural consumers every consumer company should know...: [removed]. Shashi Tharoor On Why South Indians Feel Betrayed By Central Govts Tax Devolution. Petrol price hits 4year high in Delhi diesel at alltime high. Conservationists slam Indias plan for commercial plantations in forests. 4 lakh Tripura families to get free LPG. A year after Jawans video BSF orders food test by DRDO lab The Indian Express. Reporters Diary Aadhaar Judges Assets and their Right to Privacy. money laundering act Govt amends PMLA rules to extend Aadhaar linking date for all financial accounts till after SC order The Economic Times. Exclusive Kerala Finance Minister Speaks on Finance Commission and Southern States. Wide Angle Episode 26 Has Data Privacy Finally Become a Political Issue The Wire. Money Wars Is South Subsidising North. UIDAI database defective in targeting subsidies and benefits The Sunday Guardian Live. CM Goyal to lay foundation of rail coach factory at Latur. Diesel price hits alltime high petrol prices highest in over 4 years. India is now worlds second largest mobile phone producer ICA. Petrol price hits 4yr high diesel at highest level Times of India. How Can Commercial Skyscrapers boost Chennais Economy. Delhi govt plans to add 1000 electric buses proposes Rs 53K Cr green budget to curb pollution. Delhi govt plans night courts for victims of trafficking: [deleted]. [PSA] There will be a 0.1 percent cess on keeping cash above 1 lakh and 0.5 percent a year on cash above 20 lakh: Starting this financial year the government has issued a circular which bans savings in the form of hard cash. Any and all cash must be accounted for. Accounted cash will accumulate a yearly cess of 0.1 for above 1 lakh and 0.5 for amounts above 20 lakh. You can read more details here. [https//www.livemint.com/Policy/SN2iU9RCIOOApril1aH0XKGexK/Newcessonhardcashdetails.html]https//epaper.telegraphindia.com/details/17898222234106.html. National Health Board of India has recommended Centre to make Aadhaar Mandatory for all those who buy condom in pharmacy to keep track of population control: yup.. from April 1 2018. siddaramaiah Karnataka election 2018 Kochi convention of South finmins to oppose Centre may give Siddaramaiah a poll boost Times of India. Aadhaar hurdle for filing income tax returns. Indias south is protesting a bit too much and a bit unfairly. Map showing Indias diplomatic outposts around the globe in 2017 were the 12th most represented country.. Hindi is sidestepping diversity and trying to creep in through the back door. 15th Finance Commission to rethink using 2011 census data for disbursing tax revenues among states. Cutoff Marks Drama Entrances: Ill be giving major entrances in the coming weeks. JEE IISC IIST BITS and all. And the most demotivating thing for me is seeing that while i need 100 marks out of 360 for Mains my fellow ST classmate needs 40. I need 90 For IISER and ST needs 55 I need a rank under 250 for IISC and ST needs 10000. In words of my teacher aajkal general mei paida hona paap hai.. Whats your Aadhaar. India can produce 3.17 million more graduates by providing better nutrition to children in early life. Government extends date for linking PAN Aadhaar with accounts for an indefinite period. Anyone else who still hasnt linked their phone number to their AADHAR card: Today 31st of March 2018 was the last day for registration. Common consensus is that your SIM will be deactivated tomorrow if you havent linked your phone number to your AADHAR card. What do you think is gonna happen. Why is there GST on competitive examination fees. Lawyer Pradeep Kr Rapria pkrapria files plea in Punjab and Haryana High Court seeking to efile Income Tax returns without Aadhaar. IT efiling cell adds him to exemption list. Why not for all citizens. How your financial life is going to change completely from April 1. All taxpayers will pay a bit of more tax due to hike in and education cess. Budget 2018 had proposed to hike cess on income tax from 3 to 4.. CBI registers PE against Chanda Kochhars husband in ICICI loan case. Complete These Two Things Before 31st March If You Uses SBI Services. KBR park a victim of slow death Hyd activists write letter to Environment Ministry. States told to identify illegal immigrants using biometric particulars: States told to identify illegal immigrants http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/statestoldtoidentifyillegalimmigrants/article23395265.ece. Why link mobiles bank accounts to Aadhaar Shashi Tharoor. Finance Minister says Nepal reeling under tough economic stress. States told to identify illegal immigrants using biometric particulars: [deleted]. Make not Aadhaar an instance of contempt. India building new roads at breakneck pace may set 15 billion record Expert. A smart card for the farmer. counter insurgency operation conducted by the INDIAN ARMY along side the indomyanmar boder. Badam boom India is now the worlds No 1 almond importer. Himmat app no longer an emergency safety app Police official. Indias Forex reserves rise by 1.19 bn. Aadhaar a double whammy. India Is Building New Roads at a Breakneck Pace. Twenty million cases still pending In Indias district courts a crisis is revealed. Insolvency How NCLTs are sending a strong message to truant promoters. GOVERNMENT OF ANDHRA PRADESH SIGNS AN MOU WITH SHIVOM ON EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES LIKE BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY IN THE AREA OF FINTECH amp HEALTHTECH. Ola Cabs Uber reportedly in talks of merger with deal mediated by SoftBank. FYI I filed my ITR for FY 1516 and FY 1617 WITHOUT Aadhaar today.: Did it online with the help of my CA. I am from Bangalore. Please send me a PM if you want my CAs contact details. He is very nice. PS Pay your taxes already if you have something due. The interest rates are a bitch Edit [Proof 1]https//imgur.com/6I1WNDS [Proof 2]https//imgur.com/0QuXPcp Credit u/airavat Edit You can call E filing call center to check if your PAN is on the exemption list no Aadhaar needed for ITR efiling 1800 103 0025 / 080 461 22 000. Linking Aadhaar with PAN A Meaningless extension. Can the government be trusted with the Aadhar information of millions of Indians when one of its premier departments couldnt even protect 5 filmsy pieces of paper. Govt Notifies Finance Act 2018 [Read Act]. IT dept No Aadhaar Go away DeccanHerald. Aadhaar security and authentication flaw can give access to data without OTP Ethical hacker Business Standard News. Cannot reveal Rafale details due to pact Centre. Interesting take on how Indian farmers can improve their lives and also in the bargain help the country. Indian Railway Jobs 200 applicants for 1 post Indias jobs crisis gets a grim reminder from Railways. Tamil Nadu yet to decide on FMs meet Kerala has called for it against the terms of reference of 15th Finance Commission. Rural women seek delinking of Aadhaar with ration Times of India. Courting Controversy Protecting fair and democratic elections from Aadhaars harvested data. India is building a city from scratch to attract foreign investors. Railways To Say Goodbye To Shatabdi Express Replace Them With Make In India Train 18. Mapping Aadhaar Failures X Marks the Spot. Dry ATMs in Telangana Andhra Pradesh force banks to ship cash from Maharashtra Kerala. [NP] Abbe shaant gadaadhari Bheem. Top 16 Places in Uttar Pradesh According To Domestic Tourist Visits In Year 2017. Thousands of women in UP march in Lucknow demanding an end to the policies of the BJP govt which is depriving people of their livelihood and food. The main demands include end to biometric system no to Aadhaar. CPIM extends support to the rally.. Bollywood Actress Name Used In Fake Aadhaar To Book 5Star Hotel Room: [deleted]. Govt of China wants investment treaty more industrial parks in India. UIDAI CEO Gave The Supreme Court His Aadhaar Logs Now Twitter Knows Everything About Him. Unable to File IT Return Without Aadhaar SC Lawyer Alleges Contempt of Court. If father says so..it must be safe.. Delhis Mohalla Clinics Bring Affordable Healthcare Closer To Peoples Homes. Industries dept 6000 factories set up in Noida Greater Noida last fiscal generated 50K jobs. 200 applicants for 1 post Indias jobs crisis gets a grim reminder from Railways: [deleted]. no aadhar linking required to upvote.. Operating Ratio of Railways in 201617 Was Worse Than What It Reported CAG The Wire. SC/ST Act SC ruling to have bad effect on reporting crimes against Dalits. 93 rural households with access to toilets using them Survey. The UIDAI chairman is constantly lying to the Supreme Court. He keeps getting a free pass: This incompetent buffoon keeps repeating the same nonsense which has been debunked a hundred times over by both national and international security experts https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/nodatabreachatuidaiceotosupremecourt/articleshow/63496956.cms gt There has never been any data breach at the Unique Identification Authority of India the chief executive of the agency that manages the Aadhaar identification system told the Supreme Court on Tuesday. Ajay Bhushan Pandey said any leaks that could happen from user agencies or verifying entities could be plugged through the data protection law that would come into effect soon. What a freaking joke. ZDNet has confirmed a leak here https//twitter.com/zackwhittaker/status/977635556665561088 This is another story were some Bangalore dude hacked aadhar https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/hackershowscopshowhegotaadhaardata/articleshow/59936606.cms The problem seems to be that these SC judges and lawyers are unaware of the technology implications. one can hardly expect a 60 year old judge to grasp how someone from France can hack a server behind a 13 ft wall This troll should be charged for lying and misleading the court Edit He keeps comparing Aadhar to Social Security but again misleads the whole nation because Aadhar is nothing like SSN. SSN at best can be compared to PAN Card and does not have biometrics or any personally identifiable information that can be used to steal a persons complete identity online. SSN does not even have a photograph. And another fatal flaw is the Aadhar data is being used as a primary key on several government databases banks tax communications thus potentially exposing your whole life to hackers. . Summary Digital Information Security in Healthcare Act DISHA to enable electronic health records. Where are the jobs . Urvashi Rautela Actor Urvashi Rautelas fake Aadhaar card used to book hotel room Mumbai News Times of India. Mr Alphons Dont Lie About Aadhaar amp NaMo Apps Privacy Breaches. After Rajya Sabha Was Told Tribune Reporter Is Named In Aadhaar FIR She Says She Is Too Confused About Whom To Trust In Govt. Women march in Lucknow against ration woes demand delinking ration and Aadhaar card Lucknow News Times of India. Why realizing the ChinaPakistan partnership may be more complicated in reality. Do you agree with these views: [removed]. UIDAI CEO Tries to Authenticate His Aadhaar 19 of Attempts Fail. Children are risking their lives in Indias illegal mica mines. Journalist Marius Munstermann talks about what he saw and experienced while reporting on the mines and how the earth shook with every blow of the pickaxe Feb2018. Whistleblower claims Cambridge Analyticas partners in India worked on elections raising privacy fears. India Is Building New Roads at a Breakneck Pace. Birth pangs of a new federal polity. UIDAI CEO Tries to Authenticate His Aadhaar 19 of Attempts Fail. Students cry foul after pvt med college likely to raise fee from Rs 5 lakh to 19 lakh. AADHAAR People will happily accept Aadhaarlike scheme in US UIDAI chief Ajay Bhushan Pandey. Delhi Slashes Power Tariff Ahead Of Summer: [deleted]. TIL that Aadhaar card is a valid supporting document for both proof of address and proof of date of birth while applying for the Indian Passport..: [Documents accepted as proof of date of birth]http//passportindia.gov.in/AppOnlineProject/popuponline/AttachmentAdvisorSubsubDocID7002ampminorFlag1 [Documents accepted as proof address]http//passportindia.gov.in/AppOnlineProject/popuponline/AttachmentAdvisorSubsubDocID7001ampminorFlag1 Does this mean that all the illegal immigrants who are eligible for an Aadhaar card after 180 days of stay in India are also eligible for the Indian citizenship after they get the Aadhaar card Also since when the Aadhar which was just a number became a card and then a valid document for passport . Boost for PM Modis Swachh Bharat Abhiyan Study finds 93 percent village households with access to toilets using them. Government To Sell 76 Stake In Air India Give Up Management Control. 5G in India by June this year Telecom Secretary. Delhi Slashes Power Tariff Ahead Of Summer. 2/8 Rupees from 1918 India.. Illegal Rohingya migrant sentenced for illegally acquiring Aadhaar. Old Indian rupee my dad has.. Govt to sell 76 stake in Air India cede management control. Deadline for providing Aadhaar to avail govt subsidised services extended till June 30. Govt to sell 76 stake in Air India invites expression of interest. Aadhaar hearing Supreme Court expresses concerns with data breaches Aadhaar security and profiling Firstpost. Aadhaar UIDAI CEOs presentation to SC shows one biometric authentication attempt which too failed. India pips Germany ranks 4th largest auto market now. Applied for SBI credit card and theyre insisting on aadhar. Is it still mandatory: I applied for SBI credit card and during application and verification process made very clear that under no circumstances Id be providing aadhar details which they agreed to. For the past 2 days Ive been getting calls to provide aadhar else they wont be moving ahead with the application. Im pissed off with the amount of misinformation from their end so far. This morning I tweeted to their account too for the same for which I got a reply that gt However the submitting of Aadhaar is still mandatory as per The Government of India mandate. I thought SCI ruled against this policy What are my options here I do not care for credit card and would just cancel it.. FYI I filed my ITR for FY 1516 and FY 1617 WITHOUT Aadhaar today. xpost r/antiaadhar. IDBI Bank discloses fraud of 119 mln shares fall. Financial Year to experience a major drop at the end.: [deleted]. Is India ready for the fourth industrial revolution The fourth industrial revolution simultaneously poses the biggest opportunity and the largest threat to a prosperous future: [deleted]. Zuckerberg refuses to appear before UK parliamentary committee for questioning. Illegal immigrants held by Maharashtra ATS had Aadhar PAN Card. Ghost accounts possible with Aadhar Anupam Saraph The New Indian Express. UP board UP Board replaces work of Agyeya with RSS ideologue Deendayal Upadhyaya Times of India. COMMENT Restore the primacy of passport for citizens and introduce work permits for foreigners in India. Question in Rajya Sabha by MP Shri Husain Dalwai regarding Hacking of Government Websites and response of Minister Shri KJ Alphons. Banking scam fallout RBI may let PNB spread fraud losses over 1 year: [deleted]. Aadhaar row Subramanian Swamy calls Alphons remarks foolish updates. India overtook Japan to become worlds second largest steel maker. GST collection falls to Rs 85174 crore in February only 69 file returns. Martin Jacques and Shashi Tharoor discuss China and India Credit Suisse Global Megatrends Conference. 21st April 2016 Singapore.: [deleted]. Two Aadhaar Cards With Same Aadhaar Number And Different Date Of Births MP HC Orders InDepth Enquiry [Read Order] Live Law. EWS admissions Delhi govt warns pvt schools against asking for Aadhaar Business Standard News. Ok. ceouidai is lying under oath in the Supreme Court. Im speechless.... Indias national identity database centralizes and retains enormous amounts of data about its citizens and its security vulnerabilities can have consequences that impact over one billion people.. GST collection dips for the second month in a row to Rs 851.7 bn in Feb: [deleted]. Indian Railways offers chance to win cash prize of Rs 10 lakh Check out details inside. New National Forest Policy If Passed Will Open Govt Owned Forest Lands To Industrial Plantations: https//thelogicalindian.com/awareness/newnationalforestpolicy/ Public comments should be specific indicating para of policy document and should be sent to digfpolicymefnic.in/ jitesh.kumarnic.in/ toforestpolicygmail.com by 14 April 2018. Draft National Forest Policy 2018 must be the subject name also provide your name organisation name and contact details in the mail. Link to draft http//www.moef.gov.in/sites/default/files/Inviting20comments20from20all20concerned20stakeholders20on20Draft20National20Forest20Policy2020181.pdf. Unhappy with rail services Here is your chance to improve it and win Rs 10 lakh. GST collection falls to Rs 851.74 bn in February only 69 file returns: [deleted]. Banks provisioning requirement will reduce because of RBI guideline to give MSMEs a relief due to GST impact. CBDT extends AadhaarPAN linking deadline to June 30 The Economic Times. https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/wealth/personalfinancenews/cbdtextendsaadhaarpanlinkingdeadlinetojune30/articleshow/63490931.cms: [deleted]. CBDT extends date for AadhaarPAN linking till June 30. The Lure Of OlaUber Economy Is Waning In JobsStarved India. CJI refuses to give an extension on section 7 benefits.. Linking Aadhar and cell numbers: Must we do this Has there been any new legislation on this matter . Media Watchdog 2 Indian Reporters Killed in Attacks. An argument for dispersing Morphine into the atmosphere in India. Debate over finance commission exposes souths tendency towards misplaced entitlement. Petitioners say that deadline for Section 7 benefits should also be extended. Fourteen crore forty eight lakh authentication failures have taken place for section 7 benefits and subsidies.. A blog/rant post on India.: [deleted]. You can travel from Kalyan to Vasai in 70 minutes as ferry service to start in December. Aadhaar Lack of Aadhaar no bar for becoming Employee Pension Scheme member. Day 22 of the final Aadhaar hearing will begin shortly. Twitter thread. UPI transactions reach almost half of CreditDebit Cards and Fidelity Nationals report listing Indias IMPSUPI with the lone highest possible ranking among 40 countries.: News https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20180325/moveovermastercardupstartsgaininhotindiapaymentsspace [Flavors of Fast 2017]https//www.fisglobal.com/flavorsoffast2017 Report [Direct PDF link]http//empower1.fisglobal.com/rs/650KGE239/images/FISFlavorsofFast2017.pdf [Faster Payments Innovation Index FPII Ranking System]https//i.imgur.com/YO4cf8m.jpg. [Global Map with Indias IMPSUPI as the lone highest possible ranked Score5 system in 40 countries.]https//i.imgur.com/hRsdkwc.jpg. Can Aadhaar plug leakages in direct benefit transfers Livemint. 201819 H1 Govt to borrow Rs 2.88 L Cr. Nagpur Unable to get better prices ryot feeds tomatoes to cattle. Amit Shah is making southern states feel as if they are living off New Delhis generosity.. Job Openings Railways receive over 2 crore applications for one lakh openings. Aadhar Is Indias biometric ID scheme hurting the poor. At the great wall protecting Aadhaar data 200 cameras and some secrecy The Indian Express. Yeshwanthpur APMC A Perfect Example of Fiscal Federalism At Work. India does not need Bombay Club version 2.0 The strategic necessity right now is to figure out how India can plug into global supply chains rather than losing out further through higher tariff walls. UIDAI servers or third parties Aadhaar leaks are dangerous Experts Business Standard News. India plans to borrow Rs2.88 trillion in first half of 201819. 9 Must Watch Bitcoin Documentaries.. India set to see Rs 45000 crore investments in Warehousing by 2020 Report. India is now the worlds thirdlargest electricity producer. Centre to ease access to border areas with an eye on tourism. Chandigarh Admn allows sale of booze at petrol stations. Congress Critique Of Modinomics Has Some Good Points But Bulk Of It Is Blah And Even Lies. Real Neelkanthas Citizens Consuming the Poison of Bad Loans amp Bank Charges. Controlling the machine legislation for data protection The Hindu. Indias biometric ID program was supposed to end welfare corruption. But the neediest may be hit hardest. The Washington Post. Improving Maize pricerealisation for farmers vital Report. Egypt launches WhatsApp hotline for reporting fake news. MSP 1.5 of CoP PM. Land Reforms Have Failed Formalising Tenancy Only Option To Address Farm Distress Tajamul Haque Head of NITI Aayogs special cell on land policy which drafted Model Land Leasing Policy Document. Indian Agency Denies Security Lapse in ID Card Project ZDNet Defends Report. Rajasthan Chooses Great Indian Bustard Over Emergency Airstrip For IAF Rejects NHAI Proposal. NaMo App Expose Rahul Gandhi Attacks PM Over Data Sharing BJP Hits Back The Wire. NaMo App Expos Rahul Gandhi Attacks PM Over Data Sharing BJP Hits Back The Wire: [deleted]. Nandan Nilekani saying Aadhaar can be used to sell data is very worrying. CPIM criticises Alphons Aadhaar remark Business Standard News. Worlds oldest city goes wireless. Bank privatisation as trump card for winning 2019 elections Arvind Panagariya has this idea for serious contenders The Financial Express. Are you unable to efile IT returns without Aadhaar Here is what you can do.: Please read this. https//barandbench.com/aadhaarincometaxreturns/ File returns manually along with a covering later stating that you have opted not to apply for Aadhaar until the Supreme Court delivers its judgement on the constitutional validity of Aadhaar. Sample letter Date 25 March 2018 Covering letter From Name Full address To Jurisdictional Assessing Officer Income Tax Department City Sir Sub Manual filing of IT returns for PAN https//barandbench.com/aadhaarincometaxreturns/ As per the interim orders of the Gujarat and Kerala High Courts assessees can file their return manually without insisting on Aadhaar number/enrollment number. The cases are Bandish Saurabh Soparkar v. Union of India [2017] 87 taxmann.com 48 Gujarat and Prasanth Sugathan v. Union of India [2017] 84 taxmann.com 73 Kerala. I have chosen not to enroll for Aadhaar until the Constitutional bench of the Honble Supreme Court arrives at its judgement on the constitutional validity of Aadhaar. The IT return cannot be uploaded electronically without Aadhaar number. Consequently I have no option but to file it manually. Kind regards Signature. Are you unable to efile IT returns without Aadhaar Heres what you can do.. Online invoice receipts as tax proof: I am entitled for tax saving by showing hotel restaurant or movies bills under entertainment category as per my salary structure in my organization. Though I dont have the actual bills for many of these transaction I have done over last 1 year. So I was wondering if I can print the bills from online invoice which I can access under order history on various mobile apps I have used for such bookings or is it mandatory to only produce original receipts Any help would be appreciated. See How Indian Economics was there. Majority of minorities mock equality in politics. Breaking down TNs draft coastal management plan and how it could affect you. Now Banks are Safe behind the Walls 13 ft high and 5 ft thick Cartoon. Punjab and Haryana HC issues notice to UIDAI over forged Aadhaar cards asks Punjab police to probe The Indian Express. [Delhi] No other products at shops selling raw meat SDMC. Nagpur NMC has no data of localities getting 24X7 water supply. India To Have New Database On Narcotics Crimes Criminals Rajnath Singh. India plans to develop 2 lakh km of highways says Gadkari. Penalties for ticketless travel make Railways richer by Rs 1000 crore. Agricultural Crisis of Punjab Costly Mistakes. Apples foldable iPhone may finally arrive in 2020 Report. Indias national ID database Leaks thereby compromising the security of indians. ZDNET reports major security breach of the Aadhaar database. UIDAI Mere availability of Aadhaar number with a third person will not be a security threat to the Aadhaar holder or will not lead to financial/other fraud as for any transaction a successful authentication through fingerprint Iris or OTP of the Aadhaar holder is required.7/8. Infographic Fourth Industrial Revolution Is India prepared Times of India. Biggest threat to Make in India Chinese capturing Indias automotive space. This illustration sums up my thoughts about all the news over the last few days about Facebook Aadhar leaks etc. I guess the aggregate of all your data is basically like a virtual reflection of your true self. In that case we are being bought and sold on a daily basis without even realising it.. India plans to threefold its defense industry. Mumbai battles tuberculosis 50000 cases reported in 3 years. Aadhaar case SC questions aggregation of personal data under scheme after Centre begins its argument india news Hindustan Times. Indias Proposed NoFly Zones for Drones Will Do More Harm than Good. Bengaluru Cheapest City in Asia Singapore Costliest Survey. Now Centre to take foreigners on tour to Yogas birth place. Indians least criminal among worlds major economies. Irrfans spokesperson refutes reports of him undergoing ayurvedic treatment. Aadhaar cards UIDAI says Aadhaar makes exceptions to prevent exclusion blames denials on corruption The Economic Times. SC Disposes Of Plea Against Mandatory Submission Of Aadhaar For Tatkal Passport. NGT fines AAP govt for not filing action plan. Penalty of 2 lakh imposed on State government.. NHRC found doctors at three Government Hospitals in Delhi negligent behind the death of a young man in the wake of proposed disciplinary proceedings against them by DGHS recommended payment of Rs.2 lakh as relief to the victims family. Southern states unite against Centre on fund allocation disparity Finance Commissions new norms may leave southern states with lower tax fund share. The 15th Finance Commission May Split Open Demographic Fault Lines Between South and North India Feb2018. SC is right to pull up government Linking Aadhaar with pension is wrong. Reports Neymar likely to join Real Madrid. [R] India Post employees are now slaves to their Aadhar card.: Every morning they go into their workplace and provide biometric input to say that theyre in office along with their Aadhar cards last 4 digits. But the thing to note here is that this every day punch in and punch out is being recorded in Aadhar system as authentication. Yes thats right. If the employees look up the Aadhar website for instances of Aadhar authentication theyll see their log in logout timings. What is the problem you ask The employees cannot lock their biometrics. If they do they cannot log in and log out everyday. Lets face it most are uninterested in doing the locking and unlocking everyday considering their age as primary factor most over 40 This is really bad given how people have had random authentications and everything being linked to Aadhar will only result in chaos and frauds. Time to end this bullshit called Aadhar. . Felt we needed to know at least the most basic points about Aadhaar first.[R]: Once we are done with the AADHAR BILL itself we will be at least able to avoid things which are definitely not constructive. I read the Aadhaar Bill from the source mentioned in wikipedia [here]http//www.prsindia.org/administrator/uploads/media/AADHAAR/Aadhaar20Bill202016.pdf and compiled things I found are commonly discussed in related posts. This can be called the UIDAIs side of the story points that stood out Clause 1 subclause 2 It shall extend to the whole of India except the State of Jammu and Kashmir. Clause 6 allows Aadhaar number holders to update their demographic information and biometric information so as to ensure continued accuracy of their information in the Central Identities Data RepositoryCIDR. Clause 7 says proof of Aadhaar number necessary for receipt of certain subsidies benefits and services etc. Provided that if an Aadhaar number is not assigned to an individual the individual shall be offered alternate and viable means of identification for delivery of the subsidy benefit or service. Clause 8 subclause 2 A requesting entity shall obtain the consent of an individual before collecting his identity information for the purposes of authentication and ensure that the identity information of an individual is only used for submission to the CIDR for authentication. item c to subclause 3 A requesting entity shall inform alternatives to submission of identity information. clause 9 The Aadhaar number shall not confer any right of or be proof of citizenship in respect of an Aadhaar number holder. clause 23 subclause 3 UIDAI may enter into an MoU with Centre Gov State Gov or other agencies to operate CIDR or for delivery of Aadhaar no. to individuals. verbatim item b by notification appoint such number of Registrars engage and authorise such agencies to collect store secure process information or do authentication or perform such other functions in relation thereto. clauses 28 says UIDAI should ensure security confidentiality and authentication of records of individuals. subclause 4 ensure any other entity engaged for performing any function of UIDAI should also have all the security measures in place. clause 29 No core biometric info iris fingerprint biological attributes shall be shared with anyone FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER. or used for any other purpose than authentication and generation of aadhaar no. Chapter 7 mentions penalties for disclosing identity information. Penalties for unauthorised access of any kind are mentioned. Clause 52 verbatim This clause provides for protection of action taken in good faith. It provides that no suit prosecution or other legal proceeding shall lie against the Central Government or the Authority or the Chairperson or any Member or any officer or other employees of the Authority for anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under the proposed legislation. Clause 54 UIDAI may make regulations for accepting an Aadhaar no. as proof of identity of the Aadhaar holder. Hope this clears certain points for future discussions. . Raghuram Rajan Fear that artificial intelligence will take up both skilled and unskilled jobs. Things could turn bad for Indias economy in 2018 Credit Suisse. Aadhaar and IncomeTax Returns Legal Notes by Arvind Datar. CEA Stops Publishing Daily Supply Reports as Coal Shortage Crisis Continues The Wire. Indians can sell their data to get better healthcare and easier loans says Nandan Nilekani. Delhi students poor in English math finds NCERT survey. NCERT survey found students in Classes 3 5 and 8 lagging in English and math. Rajasthan and Karnataka performed the best in the survey.. Indias Booming Cloud Market Is Set To Be Worth 4.1 Billion By 2020 Heres Why. Onethird women in rural India unaware of breast cancer Study. India to be SelfReliant in Silk Production by 2020. Aadhaar 100 successful authentication NOT possible UIDAI CEO admits in SC. India likely to generate 775.5 tonnes of medical waste daily by 2020 Study. Sensex fall Trade war fears and other key factors that triggered Sensexs 400point fall. CCEA approves Rs 2161 cr for silk industry development. Cabinet approves NE industrial development scheme 2017. LPG bottling plants utilising 120 of capacity courtesy PMUY. Three weeks past its launch date UIDAI remains silent on virtual ID. Tax free gratuity limit doubled to Rs 20 lakh heres how employees will benefit. India to start flights to Asean from Assam. Tourism jobs India to add 10 million tourism jobs in the next decade. Gratuity Bill Passed By Parliament All You Need To Know. SC How many denied benefits due to Aadhaar authentication failure Times of India. It will take longer than the age of the universe for fastest computer to decode Aadhaar data UIDAI CEO tells SC. Report 87 of Rajya Sabha candidates are crorepatis. [AskIndia] Why do big corporates like RelianceJindal Adani etc continue to be in operation even though they have been defaulting on their debts since long before: As the question suggests such big corporates continue to plan takeovers acquisitions in other firms all the more increasing their debt and yet banks and credit rating agencies rate them well enough so that they can raise more funds. I am not trying to comment on the operations of the company as of now because they do seem to be great and all and definitely deserve the confidence of the people but my point as of now is if these companies turn into another Kingfisher or worse are actually a Kingfisher and just putting on a sham how are banks supposed to recover the money the moment the scam is uncovered I mean the number of company assets are definitely bound to be way less than the debt and it should be the operations that are keeping them afloat so seizing assets is just a losing situation for banks Why dont we keep mechanisms to recover debts beforehand rather than just having them appear on the companys balance sheets and later piles up as NPAs These big companies plan on acquisitions when they do have enough cash to repay at least some if not all their debts. And another question is the amount of redtapism if it can be called so to get loans or avail benefits for new entries into the market or just for an individual for any purpose is insane. Moreover if such sections of society do end up getting credit the amount of risk associated for them is way higher than that for the corporations. So the question here would be is the concept of debt trap only applicable to the poor among us who may not take even a fraction of the credit in their whole lifetime that these large companies try to raise for a single investment. Some articles that enlist these debts and the situation with reliance these are old but still relevant 1 http//www.india.com/news/india/relianceadanivedantagrouptop10companieswiththelargestdebt1220822/ 2 https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/rs75500crorerildebtmaturingambanimayhitbondmartsoon/articleshow/59967658.cms 3 https//thewire.in/business/explaineddebtrepaymentwoesanilambanisrcom 4 https//www.businesstoday.in/opinion/perspective/jswsteelisanoutlierinasectorriddledwithheavydebt/story/247065.html edit as someone clearly pointed out the title does seem to be misleading so yeah the question meant to convey that these big corporations have huge debts and havent defaulted yet. Centre seeks to change forest policy to promote industrial plantations in natural forests. So what happened today in Supreme Court on Aadhar [NP]: I am trying to find unbiased information about what happened today in supreme court around Aadhar discussion. One of the sources I found was this Twitter updates https//twitter.com/prasannas/status/976704556108263424 Does anyone have a better source of information As far as I interpret and summarise with my limited knowledge. Slides images are concerned they looked pretty much bullshit. Numbers amp reasons thrown up on Aadhar success till now as if it was startup pitch. Uses 2048 PKI encryption instead of 256. Well ok But how are keys kept who have access to it Irreversible partials/hash is saved or whole biometric And other concerns seems missing to me. Enrolment is free and all. Come on signing up on FB is free and voluntary too and our own minister was found treating it a day before. Thick walls comment from yesterday. What about the firewall Other technical information White paper . Congress calls for dumping Cess raising Wages taxing Richest. Delhi Budget 2018 Highlights Good news City to get 1000 electric buses second largest fleet after China. AADHAAR DoT extends Aadhaarbased reverification deadline indefinitely The Economic Times. Aadhaar Card Supreme Court suggests less invasive IDs. Congresss Economic Proposal Avoids Cliches Puts Private Sector First. Four Things Ravi Shankar Prasad Must Do About Facebook And Other Tech Biggies Beyond Empty Bluster. Messages For Linking Aadhaar With Mobile Numbers Should Not Contain Last Date In View Of SC Order Department Of Telecommunications Live Law. Ceiling On TaxFree Gratuity Doubled To Rs 20 Lakh Parliament Passes Law NDTV. Mr AADHAR. Modi govt amends labour laws to encourage contract jobs.. AntiHindi or ProKannada The Cry for Equality in Linguistic Rights Gets Louder.. [GST] TAX ADVISE for Indian self employed freelancer SEO Service: do self employed professional must have gstin. As a freelancer do i need an gst id. I provide SEO Service to my offshore clients. I am thinking of using 44ada to fill my tax. Presume 50 as income. As gross is less then 50L And i do not have to manage books.. MODICARE 10 Benefits of National Health Protection Mission: [deleted]. Aadhaar data secured in walls 13 feet long and 5 feet wide submits AG: [deleted]. Centre seeks to change forest policy to promote industrial plantations in natural forests. In Lucknow University Exam Paper Becomes Loyalty Test. Theres no end in sight to Indias tax terrorism. Just look at the data. Modi govt amends labour rules to encourage contract jobs. Aadhaar helps govt save over Rs 1.5 bn in subsidy payment to khadi artisans. PM Awas Yojana Only 8 target met under urban housing scheme. 10 drop in farm suicides 11000 cases in 2016 Govt. No decision made yet on separate times in India. Aadhaar data protected by 104 m walls Attorney General tells SC: [deleted]. Govt Drops Plan to Raise Wheat Import Duty. A TwoChild Policy Wont Take India Closer to Vikas. Aadhaar data kept behind 13ft thick walls Attorney General to SC. Aadhaar data safe behind fivefeet thick walls Centre tells Supreme Court. Jobs SBI economist defends 7crore jobs creation in India claim. 600 railway stations may bear the stamp of Indias top architects soon. Over 4 lakh beggars in India West Bengal tops list Lakhsadweep ranks lowest. Travel tourism created 25.9 million jobs in India in 2017 Report. Centre seeks SC nod for PowerPoint presentation on Aadhaar. Why should Children be Forced to Obtain Aadhaar Cards NewsClick. Providing info under Aadhaar exposes trans persons to violence surveillance NGO to SC. Cabinet decision Telcos get relief package more time for spectrum payment. The Unequal Fates of Big and Small Loan Defaulters in India. Facebook crisis holds lessons for India and Aadhaar we need multipronged regulation to ensure fair play and innovation. Safety Features To Be Mandatory In All Cars From 2019 Gaadi. Committee against bridge course in NMC Bill to allow AYUSH practitioners to prescribe modern medicines. UP pollution control board wont intervene in ceremony where 50000 kg wood will be burnt to curb air pollution. why Indias economy is like a raw mango. Not a Happy New Year Unemployment rate continues to remain elevated. Reservation for the elite Why dont we blame NRI quota for death of meritocracy. Deteriorating health of Indias labourintensive sectors. For riches flight ticket is cheaper than liabilities.. Highways ministry aims to ecollect 50 toll charges. The Economics and Politics Behind Dravida Nadu or South Indian Subnationalism: [deleted]. Fixedterm employment extended to all sectors to boost ease of business. GST The Most Complex Tax in the World. Under the Modi Govt 23000 Dollar Millionaires have Fled India. 16 Indian Women Dont Get Pregnancy CareNearly Half Because Husband/Family Did Not Think It Necessary IndiaSpend. Industrial Employment Standing Orders Central Rules 1946 Amendment eases hireandfire to reduce middleman role. 7.5 growth not enough for creating jobs Rajan. EIC Outrage NorthEast India vs AFSPA. Goldman Sachs downgrades India GDP growth forecast on PNB fraud. Modis flagship projects starved for cash Report. Aadhaar Not Mandatory For Existing Insurance Policies Says Regulator. Aadhaar frailties. Government reply on the implementation of Aadhaar Virtual ID is vague. Only 16 of initial GST returns filed for JulyDec matched with final returns. NPCI asks banks to reject UPI transactions from noncompliant apps. Series Of Episodes By Ravish Kumar Highlighting The Woes Of SSC Aspirants Is Making The Govt Take Note [NP]. Ideal Jobs In The United States 2018. Delhi govt launches app to scout singing dancing talent. Sorry RBI governor Urjit Patel but the buck stops with you. Govts new advert policy gives fresh lease of life to RSSbacked news service Jun2016. Uber Ola drivers hit by losses on indefinite strike Top 10 developments. Govts new advert policy gives fresh lease of life to RSSbacked news service Jun2016: [deleted]. Govt plans compensation mechanism to deal with sale of counterfeit products online. 16 Indian Women Dont Get Pregnancy CareNearly Half Because Husband/Family Did Not Think It Necessary. Getting notes out in a space of 36 hours was a task beyond any kind of human logic ExSBI chairman on demonetisation. Only 5 of Indians establish their own business.. SC order extending Aadhaar deadline allays concerns of the elite but fails to protect the most vulnerable Firstpost. We will think of reducing traffic and building better roads later. But first let us stop motorists from using footpath Bengaluru. India Advanced In 30 Years As Much As Britain Did In 150 Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman.. Breaking stereotypes. On the opening day of Chandigarh Garvotasava 2018 at Panjab University students gathered to break prejudices while aiming at an allinclusive society.. Nobelwinner Paul Krugman warns India story could end with mass unemployment. Big Victory For The LGBTQ Community As Transgender Set To Write First UPSC Exam In Bengal. Poor are paying the heaviest price of Aadhaar Economist Reetika Khera. Precautions must while sharing Aadhaar number online UIDAI. Why Shekhubai marched barefoot to Mumbai The Indian Express. India Is Privatising Banks By Malign Neglect Morgan Stanleys Ruchir Sharma. Details emerge from Ghaziabad violence At least 6 killed in mobs clash with police The Indian Express: [deleted]. India needs 8 percent growth for 30 years to join middleincome group World Bank. Looking for a part time work from job: I am financially broke. I am still in college. Need a way to make money while still completing graduation.. Violent Protests not a Basic Right Supreme Court. Govt bans electronic cigarettes in Bihar. India is the Largest Importer of Arms then Why is the Army Chief Complaining. Illegal ship scrapping by Dutch shipping company in India: FTA MarineLink says hundreds of ships end up on the beaches of India and other countries in the region each year. They are demolished by untrained workers who have no way to safely deal with the toxic waste the ships contain. .. Rules adopted by the EU in 2013 mandate that ships registered in the EU must be recycled through approved facilities. But the rules contain loopholes and the South Asian yards continue to dismantle old ships the website said. Read more at DutchNews.nl Dutch shipping company fined for illegally scrapping ships http//www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2018/03/dutchshippingcompanyfinedforillegallyscrappingships/. Unable to Produce Self India worlds biggest arms importer Report. Potable water from sea soon at 5 paise per litre Nitin Gadkari. Parliamentary panel slams govt over delay in framing law to regulate Ayush ads. Not privatizing PSU banks Modi govts biggest failing Morgan Stanleys Ruchir Sharma. Nobelwinner Paul Krugman warns India story could end with mass unemployment. No Questions Asked India Changes Law on Foreign Poll Funding Bloomberg: [deleted]. The Emerging Aadhaar Regime Could Be Bad News for the BJP The Wire. Either there wasnt an economist in Swaminathan panel or he didnt know economics. Defense Procurement Process has Reached Farcical Level. its a known fact that political parties are funded by defense deals in that context it is apparent why private sectorwith zero oversight and zero accountability to public is being promoted as a defense manufacturer.: [deleted]. No Questions Asked India Changes Law on Foreign Poll Funding Bloomberg: [deleted]. Who the hell decides the Indian currency coin sizes: [deleted]. Treat for rail travelers Indiamade 160 kmph train to ply from June may replace Shatabdi. Government experts get together on making prenuptial agreements legal in India. Indian Economy Needs To Grow By 8 For 30 Yrs For India To Become A MiddleIncome Country. Indias Current Account Gap Widens as Trade Blowout Hits. Banks these days. This years monsoon likely to be normal says IMD. Is the Reserve Bank of India toothless. Rajasthan Police in Ajmer busted a gang which used to clone fingerprints and send fake candidates for examinations. Aadhaar Peculiar case Bengaluru HR manager moves Supreme Court for biometric details of late father from UIDAI The Financial Express. Aadhaar hearing Entire Aadhaar project is beyond the stated objectives of Aadhaar Act argue petitioners Firstpost. Lok Sabha clearing Finance Bill without debate an abdication of democratic responsibility by BJP Opposition. Do Southern states get a raw deal in terms of Central funds Not at all. Delhi govt plans 70 new Sanskrit centres: [deleted]. Maharashtra cabinet decides to ban plastic. Aadhaar States have destroyed their copy of biometric data says UIDAI CEO. UPI emerges as top pick for Bitcoin exchanges in India. Compulsory Military Service. Showdown in Lok Sabha Opposition parties to protest Finance Bill today. US challenges Indias export subsidy program at WTO. Right to Food Being Violated Worsened By Aadhaar Say People At Public Hearing NewsClick. Aadhaar Hearing [Day 18] Anand Grover Raises Concern Over Leak Of Sensitive Biometric amp Demographic Data DeDuplication Errors [Read Written Submissions] Live Law. Aadhaar smart cards yet to dent PDS drawal The Hindu. Data collection by UIDAI before Aadhaar law enactment illegal Supreme Court told The New Indian Express. Books about the Indian Economy: Hi there I wanted to read some books about the Indian economy anything and everything about it. If you know any other books on economics not just about India Id love to know about them. Thanks a lot . Why did we see so much corruption in India: I mean it is so normalized that any change in status quo or any formalized policy or attempt to fix accountability is assumed as a burden. People avoid assuming accountability and avoid fixing accountability. Why is corruption and acts that skip accountability so prevailing in our society Why most of us are more interested in just blaming others rather than introspecting self Can we ever be a society where accountability and thus predictability is natural End of rant. Someones Aadhaar and PAN got linked to mobile no of my family member who does NOT have Aadhaar card. This aadhaar joke has gone too far. SCofInd must kill it.. Using social media to increase family planning awareness. Pre2016 Aadhaar Data Illegal and Must Be Destroyed Petitioners Tell Supreme Court. Another chink Operator saves 921 ecopies of Aadhaar in his laptop. India supports developing Chabahar port as alternate access route to Afghanistan Central Asia MEA. How are profits on Bitcoins taxed in India. Banking amp Insurance Shouldnt Be Mixed Man Moves Delhi HC Narrates How Wife Was Forced To Take Insurance Policy For Getting Loan. India to force mills to export 24 million tonnes of surplus sugar. Speed limit in cities for cars 70 kmph 120 kmph on expressways. 31 economic offenders have fled India Government. Judges Appointment A Ping Pong Game Is Indefinite Sitting Over The Files Choking The Judicial System Live Law. Around 1.5 crore people register for 89000 Indian Railways jobs. GST one of the most complex has second highest tax rate World Bank report. Public Distribution System likely to include millets. Smriti Iranis close friendship with Ekta Kapoor cost Doordarshan serious TRP amp revenue. Three weeks left but Finance Bill passed without discussion. Our very own Balirajas. GST one of the most complex and second highest tax rate in world among a sample of 115 countries which have a similar indirect tax system World Bank. Govt. to move ahead with nuke plant in Maharashtra despite Shiv Senas opposition: [deleted]. Activists slam Punes urban governance rating as detached from reality. Npower project junked due to Fukushima disaster Gujarat CM: [deleted]. India needs to draft a fresh secular code applicable to all citizens argues historian Romila Thapar. Supreme Court Order on Aadhaar A Blow to Welfare. Uncertainty Over Antidumping Duties Delays 2.2 Gigawatt Solar Auctions In India. Make in India fails to quench nations dependence on made in China goods. How to Get Away with Murder Parliament Edition. PNB fraud We also feel the anger hurt and pain at banking sector irregularities says RBI Governor. Nagpur After 6 years 24X7 water supply reaches only 15 houses. New Delhi Traders want DDA MCD to be privatised.. 10 yrs on MoU of Rs 1.46L cr unused in power sector Gujarat. UIDAI on its twitter handle is blatantly misleading the nation by directly misinterpreting the SC order which can even be held for contempt of court.: UIDAI on its twitter handle is blatantly misleading the nation by directly misinterpreting the SC order which can even be held for contempt of court. https//i.imgur.com/xdLCUFE.png. B.R. Ambedkar in the time of farmer protests The challenge of sustainable industrial growth is intimately linked to the situation in rural India as Ambedkar rightly pointed out a hundred years ago. Delhi government bans tobacco advertisements featuring celebrities. Pune tops urban governance survey of 23 major Indian cities. Indias solar financing may have peaked for now at 10 billion in 2017 consultancy. Question papers leaked answer sheets tampered imposters recruited The business of cheating is down but not out in UP. If youre watching Lok Sabha channel right now you can see democracy breathing its last.: Speaker is passing Ministry budgets one after the other while other members are going crazy. Demands for grants passed in under 13 minutes without discussion. [Previously discussed Finance bill with sneaky provision to legalize shady political donations retroactively from 1976 onwards]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/841tze/todayisalandmarkdayinindianpolitics/ got passed quickly. Lots of shouting and chaos. Opposition screaming away. [Related Twitter thread.]https//twitter.com/Memeghnad/status/973811815292522497. Heading to Kempegowda International Airport Pay toll both ways. Motor Vehicle Act Amendment Bill passed by Rajya Sabha stipulates stringent fines. ELI5 ill effects of Aadhar linkage to bank accounts sim card and everything else: Do the banks and service providers already dont have your phone numbers and personal details What is the additional burden if they link your Aadhar to their accounts Also if UIDAI improves their data security measures will you stop opposing this Aadhar imposition Why or why not EDIT I am not a supporter of Adhaar. I just want to get a clear understanding of the topic. So dont mind if I become a devils advocate and ask probing questions to your answers.. Is Narendra Modis crop insurance scheme running aground. Loans from centre Rajasthan 1st karnataka 2nd. UPI transactions grow to 171.4M in February 2018 Rs 19126 Cr transacted MediaNama. Mobile wallet usage has dropped 4045 since KYC norms kicked in. If your Bank or Telecom operator continues to threaten you with account closure / disconnection submit a copy of the Supreme Court order dated March 13 2018 with a covering letter of your own. Demand a written response from the manager of the branch.: Here is the link to the Supreme Court order on Aadhaar dated March 13 2018 http//supremecourtofindia.nic.in/supremecourt/2012/35071/350712012Order13Mar2018.pdf Take 2 copies of your covering letter. Along with a print of the Supreme Court order submit one copy of your covering letter at the branch. Get acknowledgement on second copy with seal and signature of branch manager. Use this link to tweet to your bank and Telecom operator. Remind them that if they continue to spam with messages to link account/connection with aadhaar they are in contempt of Supreme Court Sample tweet Hey VodafoneIN Please read the order by SCofInd dated March 13 2018 with respect to Aadhaar http//supremecourtofindia.nic.in/supremecourt/2012/35071/350712012Order13Mar2018.pdf By sending SMS threatening disconnection you are in ContemptOfCourt Edit Telecom complaints http//www.tccms.gov.in/ Banking complaints https//www.rbi.org.in/Scripts/Complaints.aspx Taken from [Grievance portals for different sectors in India] https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6fvbxt/hereislistofallgrievanceportalsof. Income Tax Confessions of a fake CA exposes lacuna in efiling of tax return. Aadhaar must for opening bank account tatkal passport UIDAI. Supreme Courts Aadhaar deadline extension is a relief but not for those who need it most. Govt sets target of 35 pollution cut for 100 cities. Aadhaar cant be insisted upon for any service except subsidies Supreme Court. EIC Outrage Aadhaar Deadline is Coming. The 10 Largest Arms Importers [XPosted from r/MapPorn]. Full text of Supreme Court order on Aadhaar dated March 13 2018. UIDAI As per the Supreme Courts order dated 13th March 2018 the requirement of Aadhaar for opening new bank accounts and applying for Tatkal passports under the relevant laws continues. 2/3. Aadhaar Not Necessary For Bank Accounts Phones For Now Supreme Court. Three mailers were sent post the SC decision. What can be done: [deleted]. Now my bank will tell me how I should spend my money. Splendid.. Tata to sell its stakes worth 1.25 billion in TCS to pay debt. Maharashtra Just the Beginning Farmers from Across India Planning Mother of All Protests in Delhi. Farmer leaders from states like Gujarat Assam and Tamil Nadu have confirmed that a mega protest will be held in the national capital in April.. Farm sector Killing fields Making farm sector fertile again. Supreme Court drops March 31 deadline for linking Aadhaar with bank accounts mobile phone numbers until verdict. Subhash Desai We have not heard from Foxconn in the last two years [Maharashtra]. After peaceful march to Mumbai Farmers unions ready for statewide hunger strike and jail bharo andolan. Farmers unions will hold a statewide hunger strike on March 19 and jail bharo agitation on April 30.. Trinamool MPs to protest in front of Mahatma Gandhis statute outside Parliament against Aadhaar. [P] Supreme Court ADHAR linking deadline to services banking and telecom extended indefinitely mandatory for benefits: [deleted]. Aadhaar Not Mandatory For Banking Phones Until Court Decides On Validity. Speed Limit rule for Commercial Vehicles Discussion with Ask CarGuru Very Eye Opening. Maharashtra Farmers March. Foreign Law Firms Lawyers Cant Practise in India Says Supreme Court. Why state data hubs pose a risk to Aadhaar security. Bank Frauds Time To Put RBI in the Crosshairs. A claim for dignity The Indian Express. Bull bar ban STAYED by Delhi HC. Two years after Cabinet OK four rail lines for China border await funding. PSU banks maximum government minimum governance. US applauds India on International Solar Alliance. I Walked With Farmers Through Mumbai Today. What I Found.. Tax evasion fears deepen government in a fix over Rs 34000crore mismatch in GST math. When ideology overcame sense RTE imposes a bureaucratic grotesquely inefficient regime starving our children of good education. Bifurcation and blame on granting Special Category Status to States. Indian Economy A snapshot. Industrial production expands at 7.5 for Jan CPI softens to 4.4 for February. SC Imposes Rs. 1 Lakh Cost On Kerala Govt For Not Filing Affidavit And Only Seeking Adjournments. 50000 irate farmers lay siege on Indias financial capital while we sought MondayMotivation on twitter. Banks gross NPAs at Rs 8.41 lakh crore in December. Aadhaar card enrollment This is why UIDAI has cracked whip against banks. We Must Save Our Farmers It is our collective shame that our farmers are in this sorry state today. Fundamental reforms are needed to save them and not just shortterm fixes. Real Estate Homebuyers may get a say in insolvency proceedings for real estate companies. Indian Income Tax Department Sends Notices To Cryptocurrency Traders amp Investors. The March of Despair. MahaRERAs historic decision Buildings having residents but no OC will have to register with MahaRERA. Insurance bureau building Aadhaarlike database for hospitals Kunnal Prem. Dalit woman set on fire by moneylenders succumbs in Uttar Pradesh.. Car owners may have to pay to use 21 congested Delhi roads. [Rant] Indians generally are conditioned to break laws and evade taxes: I am appearing for my CA Final soon. One of the leading tax teachers made a very valid remark regarding Indians and their tax evading strategies. Summarising the same Indians are conditioned to think that tax is bad. We think of ourselves as champions when we save a few extra pennies but it is our country which is losing out. We say our tax system is complicated but it was the result of such evasive measures that loopholes were required to be plugged by counterlaws. He gave the example of how Reliance would manipulate their profits to reduce tax and MAT liability. Chidambaram had to bring several new provisions just to tackle the new loopholes championed by Reliance. When a new law comes out most of us thought think in what ways can we evade it. Eg the daily changes in rules of Demonetization were due to new loopholes being discovered daily by authorities. The teacher went to share an anecdote. He told that he was once dealing on behalf of his Indian client with an individual from Singapore who wanted to sell his flat in SNGP. The teacher gave him a proposal of such modifications to the simple sale of property which would greatly reduce the tax liability of both the seller and buyer. The other party refused. He said I will NOT CHEAT my country. All that money shall come back to me in kind. Hoping for a better tomorrow. Otherwise Im packing. RantEnd . Around 15000 farmers and are camping at Mumbais Azad Maidan right now gearing up for a massive protest outside the Maharashtra Assembly.. Farmers marching towards Nariman Point early morning today.. Despite clause services continue to be denied over Aadhaar card KARNATAKA The Hindu. Mumbai farmers protest LIVE updates Doctors at Azad Maidan say farmers dehydrated suffering from diarrhea LIVE News Latest Updates Live blog Highlights and Live coverage Firstpost. Not India China Ghana tipped to be the worlds fastest growing economy. Will India ever become a first world country: Ive come across a lot of people claiming that by the year 2050 India might have an economy as large as the US. How true is this claim Where do you see India in the next 30 years. Will India ever become a first world country. Maharashtra Farmers March Mumbai 50000 Farmers In Mumbai Plan Overnight March Before Showdown Tomorrow. UIDAI Although Aadhaar has to be shared with others it being a personal information like mobile number bank account number PAN card passport family details etc should be ordinarily protected to ensure privacy of the person. 5/n. UIDAI By simply knowing someones Aadhaar one cannot impersonate and harm him because Aadhaar alone is not sufficient to prove ones identity but it requires biometrics to authenticate ones Identity. 10/n. India processes 24 pc of solid waste generated Govt data. Aadhaar in the time of leaks Business Line. New Highways NHAI looks to build 1100km highways in March to meet FY18 target. GST affected all sectors should be thrown into dustbin Kamal Haasan. Mega immigration rally in DC to reduce GC backlog: [removed]. India France ink Jaitapur Ndeal but tech tariff concerns remain. Olas sputtering India evehicle trial a red flag for PM Modi plan. Maharashtra farmers march Police issues traffic advisory as over 35000 protesters reach Thane. Private hospitals cannot insist for Aadhaar card. No one can be denied treatments for lack of Aadhaar. ceouidai on Twitter. India praised for its tough law against unethical promotion of baby food. Why Universal Suffrage Underlies the Failures of the Indian State: Assumption that universal suffrage is empowering is wrong rather it disempowers everyone allowing groups to dictate terms. This is not a bug this is the feature. A democracy unchecked is tyranny of majority. India was never an unchecked democracy it started at least as a liberal democracy. When India gained independence only 12 of the country was literate. By spearheading a liberal democracy the Indian elites granted voting rights to 88 of the population who was unable to read write and quite likely even live a dignified life. Ability to read and write is important it increases the scope of information that can be exchanged. Inability to read and write on the other hand cages one to their surroundings. Drawing from Maslows hierarchy of needs physiological needs precede every other need. Adopting universal suffrage empowered a group of people whose physiological needs took precedence over everything else. Thus India was born a nation looking to fulfill its need for air food water shelter and sex. Seventy years later India has barely moved up the hierarchy. Universal suffrage has given birth to a system which allows politicians to herd the voters as a shepherd herds sheep. Handing out sops to voters cash before election is now an accepted practice. Votes arent won by manifestos but liquor grains and money and in some cases coercion. Is it any wonder that elections are largely the activity of poor and not the middleclass Why poor actively take part in our elections isnt a testament of our founding fathers vision but rather proof of their misguided ideals. Universal suffrage has marginalised the middleclass in India the actual middleclass with people earning at least 10 a day. The marginalisation has effectively given politicians incentive to do as they please with taxpayers money. Aim of a political party is to win elections its not to ensure welfare of voters. Political parties are smart rational organisations checking their behaviour is responsibility of the state not theirs. It is of little surprise that political parties find it easier to court votes by promising food or gold in exchange than policies which ensure economic growth. Why is it that India pioneers reservation for the underprivileged unlike anywhere else but fails to uphold right to property Building a state that caters to poor incentivises poor to remain poor. India has failed to create a vibrant middleclass. Normative reforms forced upon India by the IMF have done more to the benefit of poor than a generation of slogans garibi hatao ever did. Worse garibi hatao oversaw a period where a mans right to father children came under threat. Elites in any society seek property rights while the masses seek political representation. Premature political representation of all has undermined the rights to property in India. Nationalisation abolition of Privy Purses rather than being frowned upon is celebrated in India. If the state failed to guarantee property rights of the elites what chance does an average citizen have On the other hand in recent times failure of demonetisation to expropriate wealth of Indian citizens is widely derided. No policy could have served the uplifment of poor and underprivileged in India better than a reliable sanitation system. Instead what we get is Mandal Commission. No sooner a policy was formulated that institutionalised caste system in India private citizens found themselves discriminated on the basis of caste. If it werent for universal suffrage what incentive would there be for a government to adopt a policy as regressive as reservation Universal suffrage has enabled people who cant read write or distinguish between regional and national elections to vote and influence policymaking at every level. Theres little reason to believe the overbearing majority of such voters carries any advantage that helps India attain its development goals. Democracy over the world has been reduced to an approval stamp of the West and India certainly did nothing to change it.. Kerala State Electricity Board Online payments success rate card Thumbs up for transparency. How CIA Spies Access Indias Biometric Aadhaar Database. One NationOne Poll and the Quest for Political Hegemony. Staterun banks wrote off Rs81683 crore loans in FY17. Chief Justice A First Among Equals. Only about 50 of PAN cards linked to Aadhaar The Hindu. Forest rights How new rules for compensatory afforestation dilute Adivasi rights to forestlands. Estonia Announces EResidency Programme To Support Indian Startups. Today I learnt from data that the Indian schooling infrastructure is in a bad shape: I have set myself a routine that I would try to do something new each weekend and as a Computer Science student I picked up a dataset and set an agenda to know more about Indias education infrastructure. Dataset 2015/2016 Elementary State Card Report Link http//udise.in/src.htm The dataset has about 816 parameters for each of the 36 states and Union Territories of India. After processing through the dataset I was shocked to learn a few things There are a total of 1449078 schools in India. This includes government and private schools. Total number of students in schools in India are 196716511. Total number of schools with just a single teacher are 108738 which means that 7.5 of schools in India are run by single teachers. Total numbers of schools which are not reachable by all weather road are 156627 which is approximately 10 of the schools. Nearly 50000 schools do not have a girls washroom and nearly 70000 have no boys washroom. Nearly 47000 schools have no drinking water facility. 619171 schools are without electricity which means 42.7 of the students in these schools learn in the dark. Only 376294 have computers in the school. That means 74 of the schools do not have any computers. 69.16 of the schools do not have ramps for physically challneged students. 22.5 of the teachers have the qualifications less than a graduate. Although I have studied in India I have never felt that the schooling infrastructure was so dismal. In my opinionthis is one of the reasons of the massive divide between the rich and poor in our country since the citizens with less resources do not get the best education and hence not the best opportunities to succeed in life. What do you think about this and what could be the possible solutions to make our schooling infrastructure better. There are jobs in India but data on job creation is missing Jayant Sinha. India Today Conclave 2018 Jobless growth talk is nonsense real data will come out in household survey says Arvind Panagariya. Donald Trump threatens to impose reciprocal tax on India China. why are many businesses going bankrupt suddenly: I am wondering why many businesses or going bankrupt apart from frauds like that of Kingfisher Nirav Modi. Or was it they way it is and only coming to light now or was I living under a rock Aircel.. Videocon.. Reid and Taylor.. and many MSME businesses... Maharashtra govts favouritism towards RSS and BJPlinked cooperative banks could harm Devendra Fadnavis image. UP Board updates its syllabus elementary mathematics removed from class 9 10 curriculum: [deleted]. Direct Tax Direct tax collections for AprilFeb at Rs 7.44 lakh crore up 19.5 on year. Indias Supreme Court recognises living will by terminallyill patients for passive euthanasia. Jugaad Fooling the IT returns system by using all zeros as Aadhaar number. Why cutting CBSE syllabus isnt the best fix for student stress. India February inflation likely hit 4month low but still above RBI target Polls. Reid amp Taylor S Kumars head for bankruptcy after loan defaults of over Rs 5000 crore. Aadhaar Card Aadhaar is being turned into an intrusive instrument of control Sonia Gandhi. India now has National Highways emergency helpline number 1033: [Moneycontrol.com] https//www.moneycontrol.com/news/india/nitingadkarilaunchestollfreeemergencynumberappforhighwayusers2523169.html . As lending by rural banks dips farmers turn to moneylenders in Maharashtra. As state prepares to present Budget around 20000 farmers have started on a long march from Nashik to Mumbai to draw attention to their plight. Organised by the All India Kisan Sabha they plan to gherao state Assembly.. Nearly 80 of Indian households now have access to LPG gas. CSC which has just been debarred by the UIDAI on the grounds of corruption and enrolment process violations is the single largest Aadhaar Registrar responsible for onefifth of all Aadhaar enrolments.. Papua New Guinea has a higher GDP per capita than India by more than 30 ... how the heck: Not trying to be prejudice or anything. Strange to think that they were living hunter gatherer lifestyle until 100 years ago unlike India which had civilization for thousands of years yet they are more prosperous than us according to GDP per capita metric. Was our 5000 years of civilization basically inconsequential These guys are doing better than us after just 100 years of development. Arun Jaitleys war on NPAs yielding results over Rs 1 lakh crore bad loans set to be resolved soon. Indian Elephant And Chinese Dragon Must Dance Together Not Fight Each Other China. Sreedharan slams Kerala govt over failure to sign in agreement with DMRC. Aadhaar linking with bank accounts Dont delay deadline extension announcement SC tells govt. [Policy] Public Lecture INDIA AT 70 with Rahul Gandhi. Aadhaar flux cant go on says Justice Chandrachud. Public Lecture INDIA AT 70 with Rahul Gandhi: [deleted]. Indoctrination in the guise of education The decision to introduce the Bhagavad Gita in the Haryana school curriculum goes against Indias secular character and its present policy of education Mar15. Aadhaar uncertainty cant go on says judge NATIONAL The Hindu. GST Council to weigh proposal to further delay rollout of eway bill. FDI in defence since 2014 mere Rs 1.17 cr. Fed up with Delhi govts delay Centre to implement Metro Phase 4 on its own. The 104kilometre network proposed in phase 4 will connect Mukundpur with Saket and will benefit south Delhi residents. It has been pending with the Delhi government for over two years.. You Keep Saying We Will Do This And That. But Do Nothing SC Pulls Up Delhi Govt Over Solid Waste Management. Among the major religions in the world Hindu and Muslims are the least educated with Hindu women being the group who receive the lowest number of years of education [Study done by PEW Research]: For those who are skeptical about the numbers heres the report with the findings http//www.pewforum.org/2016/12/13/religionandeducationaroundtheworld/. People are using 0s and 1s instead of Aadhaar number for filing returns. Incentives and Expectations Community Relations and Recovery in Tamil Nadu after the Indian Ocean Tsunami. How To Get EAadhaar Card Steps And Details Here NDTV. Fresh plea in SC on population control. Has Russia Lost Patience With India Russian attempts to punish perceived Indian transgressions could have serious impact on their relationship.. Why Indias banking sector is among the most vulnerable in G20 economies today. IndiaFrance to announce maritime cooperation during Macrons visit: [deleted]. India pitches for rating upgrade by Fitch. Aadhaar not mandatory for NEET other allIndia exams SC The News Minute. Worry for India With gas and diplomacy Russia embraces Cold War foe Pakistan. Aadhaar not mandatory for NEET other all India exams Supreme Court. Supreme Court says Aadhaar not Mandatory for NEET other all India Exams. Severity of bad loan problem NPAs in Indias Banking Sector: [removed]. Aadhaar final hearing Day 15 Bench assembles. Arvind Datar continues for petitioners. Twitter thread. Why Americas Quad is not a priority for India. Government Banks Wrote Off Rs 81683 Crore Loans In FY 201617 NDTV. US protectionism There are no winners in Donald Trumps trade war. Data Tells Us Indias State Assemblies Are Simply Not Working. Madhav Chavan We are focused on IITs primary schools not on institutions between them. Thats a problem. Aadhaar Hearing Day 14 PMLA Rule 9 Violates Spirit Of Article 14 In Entirety Argues Senior Counsel Arvind Datar Live Law. AADHAAR March 31 deadline for Aadhaar linkage may be extended Govt to SC The Economic Times. Delhi Cabinet approves proposal for doorstep delivery of ration.. Gujarats 22 rural girls fail to attend school worse than all states including UP Bihar Govt of India report. Bihar MP Rajasthan And Uttar Pradesh Have Deplorable Public Health Facilities And High Child Mortality Rates. Aadhaar link deadline may be extended govt.. What is the media in India Here is what latest data tells us.. 40 Years of Data Suggests 3 Myths About Globalization: From [World Inequality Report 2018]http//wir2018.wid.world/ Report documents on site Brief [summary]https//hbr.org/2018/03/40yearsofdatasuggests3mythsaboutglobalization a [bit more here]https//thewire.in/221315/risinginequalityindiainsightworldinequalityreport2018/ 3 point tldr from the summary. Globalization has led to a rise in global income inequality not a reduction Income doesnt trickle down Policy not trade or technology is most responsible for inequality Relevant to r/India submission guidelines since the study includes Indian situation in addition to global peers. . Petrol Diesel Prices Go Up For Sixth Day In A Row NDTV. Aadhaar invoice made mandatory for liquor vends in Haryana. Ineligible Haryana youths twist Aadhaar information to join Army Chandigarh News Times of India. Linking Aadhaar To Direct Recruitment Violates Right To Equal Opportunity Clause Of Constitution Punjab amp Haryana HC Live Law. PM Narendra Modis Aadhaar Voter ID Details Will Not Be Disclosed CIC Upholds PMOs Decision. RBI slaps Rs 3 cr penalty on Axis Bank. Rising Discontent Among Science Students as Government Dials Back on Scholarships The Wire. AadhaarBank Account Linking Deadline Must Be Extended In Wake Of PNB Fraud Says Assocham. The Indian economy is gathering momentum. Railway tickets in Kannada take off Times of India. Kerala A unique economic and social situation: Why Kerala situation is unique and hard to replicate anywhere else. Even the communist party that ruled Bengal Tripura and Kerala failed to replicate it in other two states. Solid socioeconomic baseline due to good work of Kingdom of Travancore and Kochin Original comment from u/Earthborn92 In 1951 as registered by the first Census of independent India the average literacy rate for all of India was 18.33. For Kerala it was 47.18. India would take 3 decades more to achieve that level. In other words the Kingdom of Travancore did a lot of the work long before the modern political forces came into the picture. Source http//www.domainb.com/economy/ecosurvey2013/xls/tab94.xls https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1951CensusofIndia Kerala is blessed with natural conditions suitable for cash crops spices rubber fruits. Due to its huge coastline it was part of the great spice route and global trade for centuries. Natural beauty for lots of domestic and international tourism. [Overseas migrant]http//www.firstpost.com/india/aftertripuradebaclecpmsnationalfortunesrestonmoneysentfromwestasiatokerala4375497.htmls mostly in West Asia. Every year they put more than 100000 crore rupees directly in the hands of people. Irudayarajan estimates that remittances support one in three households in the state directly and another onethird indirectly. Remittances account for 36 of the states GDP. States primary economic sector agriculture industry service export is only 12 of the economy. With practically no clients from the primary sector what sustains both the tertiary and secondary sectors that account for 88 percent of the states economy are remittances. As long as the remittances continue to flow there will be no underdevelopment and poverty to worry about.. Nearly 87 crore bank accounts seeded with Aadhaar. How Indian Railways fell behind the rest of the World. FPI outflow hits 5month high of Rs 11000cr in Feb. You Cannot Obstruct Pension for want of Aadhaar link CIC. The dangers of instant Aadhaar authentication for Indias 1minute loan market Moneycontrol.com. Implement Delhilike school safety rules in Madhya Pradesh Sumitra Mahajan. Modi govt makes second attempt to protect BJP Congress from prosecution Jagdeep Chhokar former professor dean of IIM Ahmedabad. Railway Tickets to become cheaper. Make in India GST help institutional investors pack 3.4 billion in Indian warehousing. Aviation sector on a high as UDAN spreads wings: Aviation sector on a high as UDAN spreads wings https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/transportation/airlines/aviation/aviationsectoronahighasudanspreadswings/articleshow/63143151.cms. Mohan Guruswamy Elation at India Overtaking Chinas Growth Rate is Premature. The Maldives Crisis Will India Intervene. ONGC oil wells in State are unlicensed say activists. As analysts take a closer look at the Budget some economists fear that fiscal deficit could widen. 7th Pay Commission Big news Benefits announced for 8.77 lakh government employees pensioners. Ewallet users left in the lurch as KYC updation deadline ends. People of randia why do you hate Modi so much.. Bank Union Writes To Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Against Privatisation Of PSU Banks NDTV. Indias unemployment climbs to 7 at 31 million and is set to worsen. Adanis Wealth Rises By 109 In 1 Yr India Ranks 3rd In The Number Of Billionaires Report. India Jordan ink 12 pacts one to boost defence cooperation. Indias premier research lab network gets cold shoulder in new budget. Aircel is not sending Porting Code.: I want to port out from Aircel they are not sending me the porting code. Also charging Rs 3.45 for the message to 1900. I have Rs.8 left in balance and I want to port ASAP. . Mumbai Marathi school forms marketing team to keep it alive. 500 woodcutters from TN illegally detained in Andhra says PIL in Madras HC. The Andhra police arrest persons as per their whims and fancies take them to unknown places and torture them the PIL alleged.. Is there a special deadline for revising IT returns: [removed]. Worlds largest solar park launched in Karnataka. LampT bags Shivaji statue contract for Rs 2500 crore Livemint. Indias Unique Wound Dressing That Stops Bleeding in Minutes Gets FDA Nod. CBI arrests Karti Chidambaram in INX Media case. Indian economy grew at 7.2 percent in third quarter. Bill to seize sell assets of fugitive economic offenders is cleared. The proposed law aims to bring to book offenders who have failed to pay back huge bank loans and refused to return to the country to face legal action.. Bihar Hindu refugees from East Pakistan want land living identity. Many of the Hindu refugees from East Pakistan settled in Bihar are yet to be granted land and have no source of income. In a state in which caste plays a major role these Bengalispeaking people are struggling for recognition. Vegetarianonly rule during Mahamastakabhisheka has eatery owners in a fix. Just think of the hype our respected PM and his media circus would have created if this was launched in a BJP ruled state. Regulatory overreach India needs better regulations to deal with financial scams but it would be a mistake to believe that regulation is all that matters. Can Indias Biometric Identity Program Aadhaar Be Fixed Electronic Frontier Foundation. PayTM shows I HAVE to link Aadhar to send money now. Heres some mindboggling tampc you consent to.: I have been using paytm for many years. Groceries cabs petrol and I cant think of an outlet that did not accept paytm. My saviour and friend during demonization I have preached and endorsed paytm like no other app. Because it is just convenient. Id rather pay with paytm instead getting shitload of pulses and centerfreshes everytime I wanted to pay with cash. So anyway today I was trying to send money to my brother on the app and it just wasnt allowing me to. [Complete your KYC]https//i.imgur.com/FmZ61K9.jpg it shows. It showed a popup continuosly since the last few weeks and now I cant go beyond. Its been a few days since I havent added money and I certainly did not update the app in many weeks. Then I go look whatever this mandatory KYC means. This one just shook mefor reasons youll find below. It astonished me realizing that [KYC verificationif havent already is mandatory]https//www.hindustantimes.com/tech/kycnowmandatoryforpaytmmobilewalletshereshowtoupdateonline/storyyS9VQqdSnHV6LoIPx8PLpI.html and can be done only if 1 an agent visits your verifies documents at your address or 2 you visit your nearest KYC paytmpartner. This is upsetting at the very least. Unless I give my Aadhar details it wont let me use my money. Furthermore I was just curious to see what the terms and conditions do I consent to should I chose to complete KYC. I have just copy pasted them below and highlighted the ones that you should not miss. [I had to take screenshots from the app]https//imgur.com/a/kLyGv because the tampc link mentioned on the app shows a different page on the web browser. wtf Anyway heres the tampc By tapping on I Agree below you confirm your acceptance to KYC Terms and Conditions displayed below and the Paytm Payment Bank Limiteds General Terms and Conditions available at https//pages.paytm.com/termsandconditions.html KYC Terms and Conditions 1 I/We hereby understand and agree that necessary Know Your Customer checks/customer due diligence KYC in accordance with the applicable laws/regulations shall be required to be undertaken by Paytm Payments Bank PPBL for me/us prior to commencement of any account based and/or transactional relationship with PPBL. 2 I/We understand and agree that PPBL may at its sole discretion undertake manual/physical KYC process or eKYC process as mandated by UIDAI including biometric or OTP authentication in respect of me/us. 3 I/We understand that under biometric eKYC process my/our biometric information will not be stored and/or shared with any of PPBLs affiliates/associate companies and will be submitted to Central identities Data Repository for authentication. 4 I/We hereby explicitly consent to PPBL authenticating my KYC information by way of the above mentioned KYC process either through its partners agents or by itself with the relevant statutory authorities for fulfilling KYC requirements. 5 For the purposes of KYC PPBL shall be entitled to call from and/or share with its associate companies/affiliates any relevant KYC information so available with it or its associate companies/affiliates for the purposes of communicating offers/details about various financial and/or other value added products and/or services after obtaining my / our explicit consent for the same. 6 I/We understand that Permanent Account Number PAN submitted above is required for undertaking certain transactions under Income Tax regulations. In the event of me/us not having a PAN I/We shall submit Form 60 to PPBL. 7 I/We agree and understand that my/our account related information may be shared as required under applicable laws/regulation. 8 I/We declare that I am an Indian Citizen I/We are an Indian resident and Tax resident of India and of no other country. I/We agree to submit new details within 30 days if any of the above information has undergone changes. 9 I/We hereby declare that the details furnished above are true correct and complete to the best of my/our knowledge and copies of POI Proof of Identity and POA Proof of Address are true copy of the originals and PPBL shall be kept indemnified and held harmless with regard to any wrong errors discrepancies etc. in the information as provided. 10 I hereby declare that no other bank account has been opened by me nor will be opened by me using OTP based authentication either with PPBL or with any other banks. 11 I hereby agree and confirm that PPBL either through its agents partners and/or by itself shall be entitled to undertake enhanced due diligence procedures in accordance with applicable RBI guidelines in respect of me. I hereby expressly consent that PPBL can disclose such information to its partners for such purposes. 12 I/We hereby agree that all disputes relating to and/or arising out of the information/documents provided pursuant to this KYC Form/Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of a court of competent jurisdiction in one of the following cities New Delhi for all KYC Forms filled out in the northern states Mumbai for all KYC Forms filled out in the western states Kolkata for all KYC Forms filled out in the eastern states and Bengaluru for all KYC Forms filled out in the southern states. 13 Any intimation to me/us may be provided to me/us electronically either through my/our mobile application or PPBLs website or on the addresses as provided by me/us herewith. 14 I hereby agreed and understand that my KYC details may be shared with Central KYC Registry and hereby further consent to receiving information from Central KYC Registry through SMS/Email on my registered mobile number/email address. Holy.fucking.shit. They get to fuck around with our aadhar data numbers addresses emails and share them with their partners. And what in the world does point 10 mean Also if theres a fuck up PPBL shall be kept indemnified and held harmless How are people okay with this There have been NUMEROUS cases of data being leaked and govt makes sure that media shows the opposite of it. I see people selling indian database on facebook groupsPMIT for rs 100 Is there anything that we can collectively do and raise a voice against such practices Do something that matters you know At this point I feel paying for ads targetting paytm users and land on this post. Please forgive my midnight rant im pissed. Edit added links . An Indian Nightmare Is New Delhi Ready for the TwentyFirst Century. TIL that for every rupee Telangana gives to the Central Government it gets back Rs 0.49 whereas UP gets back Rs 1.8.: There is a vast difference between the fund allocation to the south states and the Hindi belt. Here is the [source]https//www.thenewsminute.com/article/unitedstatessouthindiacansoutherncollectivegetusbetterdealdelhi46501. [Here]https//www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/politics/250517/kchandrasekharraohitsbacksaysamitshahclaimsarelies.htmls another article reiterating almost the same thing.. India is doing well on financial inclusion. India has the third highest number of billionaires in the world Hurun Global Rich List. EMIs set to rise as SBI PNB raise lending rates. Government cracks down on financial fraud approves Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill Times of India. Cabinet okays Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill to avoid a Nirav Modi repeat.. WTO grants Indian request for compliance panel in solar spat with US. Cabinet approves Fugitive Economic Offenders Bill to deal with those escaping overseas to avoid getting caught. What makes it to Indias front pages Definitely not LGBT issues data show. Case schedule clouds Aadhaar link deadline petitioners to seek extension in SC. Aadhaar linking may have eliminated 2.75 crore fake ration cards. Indian economy is bouncing back but 7 growth might not be high enough Mihir Sharma. Currency in circulation almost at predemonetisation levels. Moving towards an investment revival. Lets Discuss Should we validate the encounters that take place to instill fear in minds of criminals: I am talking about the encounters in UP there are two articles one is by [a former police chief who kind of supports encounters in UP]http//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/uttarpradeshpoliceencounteryogiadityanathfearandfaith5080741/ and another by [an academic who says this is against Human Rights]http//www.thehindu.com/todayspaper/tpopinion/againsthumanrights/article22885113.ece. 10 questions answered by Q3 GDP data. Finance Commission to study use of cess as a revenue raising tool. Indian science budget fails to impress despite funding boost Nature Feb2018. India regains status as fastestgrowing major economy. Indias GDP registers major jump in third quarter grows to 7.2 from 6.5 . Indias new season of scandal rattles global investors. Now the spotlight is on an opaque business culture dominated by powerful families known in Indian business parlance as promoters and the absence of controls to rein them in.. Not SriDevi Justice Loya.... Indias economic growth accelerates to 7.2 faster than China. Q3 GDP Data Indias Economy Continues To Rebound. With collateral of Rs 100 crore Mehul Choksi got Rs 5280 crore loan. 1 lakh startups by 2025 10 trillion economy India eyes its rightful place in the sun. Specialised US doctors will be flown down to Lilavati hospital to treat Goa CM Manohar Parrikar. Attempts Are Being Made to Bail Out a Gujarat Government Company GSPC A Controversial Case Study Paranjoy Guha Thakurta EPW Jul2016. GSPC A Controversial Case Study Attempts Are Being Made to Bail Out a Gujarat Govt Company Paranjoy Guha Thakurta EPW Jul2016: [deleted]. GSPC A Controversial Case Study Attempts Are Being Made to Bail Out a Gujarat Govt Company Paranjoy Guha Thakurta EPW Jul2016: [deleted]. EPFO makes online claims must for PF withdrawals above Rs 10 lakh. IRCTC is the worst website of all time.: So this happened just 15 minutes ago i was trying to book a tatkal ticket and when I tried to login i repeatedly got an Invalid user notification. Seriously It took at least 23 minutes before i could login and by the time time i completed the booking i ended up with a TQWL 11 status on my ticket. So a massive massive fuck you to IRCTC.. Fastestgrowing economy India can top China with 6.9 Q3 growth Poll. India to grow 7.6 in calendar year 2018 Moodys. Mumbai BMC demolishes Girgaum kabutarkhana once again. Safran close to India combat jet engine deal sources Reuters. As part of the Rafale offset deal Snecma / Safran was supposed to handhold GTRE in developing the Kaveri engine for Tejas. Seems theyve moved to an outright sale hope it includes ToT.: [deleted]. Indias H1B visa conundrum in eight charts. KYC Aadhaar deadline is today for linking ewallets.: Personally I am really uncomfortable with all of these esites having my Aadhaar/PAN number. Even Banks do not have enough preventive measures for misuse believing that all these companies would be capable of protecting anything is surely absurd. It is true that I have rolled over and surrendered to Google overlords but at least there is some hope of protection. Can Amazon Flipkart PayTm Ola etc. be put in same basket is the question for an individual to decide. Whole idea behind the ewallets was any small shop guy can start and you can transfer small denomination without much effort and 10000 Rs. without hassle was at least bearable. I have decided not to link anything to above all these ewallets. I will consume already available money in these wallets amp will use my bank apps only. Thoughts Suggestions. Uttar Pradesh Indias biggest state is still its biggest problem.. CBSE relaxes pass marks criteria for Class X students. Maldives declines Indias invite for naval exercise 16 countries to attend. Indias Fighter Jet Procurement Saga Zooms Into Familiar Jumble. Cakewalk for French techwiz Aadhaar and Telangana portal easy hack Hyderabad News Times of India. Godavari Krishna River Linking Are we celebrating an illegal unnecessary amp misconceived water transfer project. What is it like to live in the worlds biggest experiment in biometric identity. too little too late.... BSE to waive off transaction charges for all Sensex stocks from March 12. Nagaland outranks rich states in health gender equity but jobs a concern. Nagpur Cashstrapped NMC to raise Rs100cr loan.. HC Pulls up DMRC For Not Providing Free Water Toilets at Stations. The peculiar position of Indias third gender.. Why Maharashtra BJPs egovernance plans have flopped. Mumbai Aaditya Thackerays pet project starts as BMC collaborates with IITB to help startups. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation in collaboration with IITBombay will start a Special Purpose Vehicle SPV to support outofthebox startup ideas.. ICAI favours existing audit mechanism Post PNB scam CA regulator says it supports efforts to bolster current system via amendments to Act. Bihar is national topper in FY17 growth with 10.3 pc. An IIT Kanpur professor has alleged that the newly launched Prime Ministers Research Fellowship with its high stipends and research grants discriminates in favour of the central tech schools students rather than benefiting all bright scholars across institutions. Defence ministry admits to floundering Make in India crippling delays in arms procurement. This Indian state produces more wind power than Sweden or Denmark. What is it like to live in the worlds biggest experiment in biometric identity: [deleted]. Banking crises An Indian history. Luxury at rly station you may not know of. Hospitals making profits up to 1700 on drugs consumables for items like normal saline the margin is 316 per cent while that for an oxygen mask is 771 per cent. Stalled projects is bad optics so government moves to tweak label. Indias deteriorating fiscal condition. How to turn lossmaking PSUs profitable Kerala shows the way. 3 reasons global firms should keep investing in India. India has become a dystopia of extremes. But resistance is rising John Pilger Jan2014. Here are your some of the best destinations in Kerala if you are planning a visit. You guys have anything else to add to this list. Is Bengaluru about to run dry. 7th Pay Commission Minimum wage hike soon to become a reality impacting 48 lakh employees. Railway Group D recruitment Kerala protests exclusion of Malayalam as medium of exam. The Indian Railways decision to drop Malayalam as the medium of examination for the recruitment to Group D employees has evoked strong protest in Kerala.. Thane ZP to start Marathi International School. Indian Railways To Offer Around 90000 Jobs For High School Pass Students Engineers. Vinod Rai the Nations Conscience Keeper Failed in Safeguarding PSBs. Trumps grand military parade plan on US Independence Day may cost 30 mn. PuneMumbai bullet train only if first route feasible. Nagpur Municipal Corporations cement road ready on private land sans tender. Finance ministry puts out list of 9500 high risk finance companies. India gets first allwomen nonsuburban railway station in Rajasthan. UP varsity warns mess managers Serve free food if you give nonveg [Old] [Jan 2018]. Winter rain 64 deficient triggers water shortage. From jobless growth to wary foreign investors the dark clouds on the Indian economy are here to stay. Free Education for Karnataka Girls up to Postgraduation. Jobs Education ampamp Safety 10 ProWomen Initiatives In Karnataka Budget 2018. India to launch online platform for trading cow dung agricultural waste Modi. Karnataka government announces free education for girls up to postgraduation: [deleted]. After Gita shlokas now Gayatri Mantra recital in Haryana schools. Why India needs a powerful think tank in economic intelligence to stop Niravs amp Mallyas Read more at //economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/63059235.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst. India needs to create 10m jobs every year till 2030 to better employment rate. [RANT] Visited Europe realized we were pretty far behind but there were good reasons for it recently visited China what is wrong with us and our government.: My god when I first visited Europe it was like a paradise the cities were clean the people cared about how they looked in public the public transit was great the architecture was fantastic and actually had a theme not mishmash whatever goes like here in Delhi. But I know that theres a lot of factors causing that so I didnt care too much about it but recently I visited China are brother to the north similar histories as we are both ancient have been invaded by foreigners and I expected something like India but I got something far better Clean streets fantastic city planning and public transit people were actually fashionable like in Europe. Our government has fucked us over hard theirs no excuse for us being as behind as we are when our neighbor has caught up to this extent and is surpassing European nations in many aspects. . Not just Nirav Modi PNB had such customers too. NCRET syllabus to be reduced by half Prakash Javadekar Times of India. Nirav Modi and the myth of the path to success. Indias System of Cracking Down on Corporate Fraud is Designed to be SelfDefeating. Indias System of Cracking Down on Corporate Fraud is Designed to be SelfDefeating: [deleted]. The vigour of PM Narendra Modis travels can barely disguise the fact that in terms of Indias security objectives he is looking very weak indeed Pratap Bhanu Mehta. Modi launches Rs 1000cr development schemes for Daman amp Diu. [Malaysian] EC orders indelible ink from India. Indias smart city plan and what it means for Indians DW Documentary. PNB fraud PM Modi says system will not tolerate loot of public money promises strict action. Eastern Expressway work to be completed by March NHAI to Supreme Court. India to launch fresh hunt for fighter aircraft twinengine planes on radar. Nandan Nilekani to Assist Government on IT Infrastructure for New Health Insurance Scheme The Wire. IndiaUS trade feud reaches critical turn casts shadow on newfound bonhomie. Donald Trump administration makes H1B visa approval tougher. PNB Fraud Punjab National Bank appoints PwC to probe Rs 11300 crore fraud. Tamil Nadu Government Offers Free Breast Implant Surgery For The Poor. Trump adminstration makes H1B visa approval tough Indian firms to be impacted. Biz confidence index rose 9.1 in OctDec NCAER. Gujarat Private university bans nonvegetarian food on campus. H1B visa validity to be limited to work duration period no longer 3 years by default. PNB scam Bank responds to Nirav Modis letter says it reported case after exhausting legal avenues. Justin Trudeau holds forum with students in India. Indias Growth has Slowed due to Structural Economic Reforms US. Maharashtra signs Rs 35000 cr venture with Mumbai pilot who built aircraft on his rooftop. SBI earned Rs 1772 crore 267 Million USD in minimum balance penalty during AprilNovember. Corruption In India Growing Country Slides Further Down In Index: [deleted]. Rs 111738 crore Thats what 9339 wilful defaulters owe PSU banks hit most. India ranks 81st in global corruption perception index: [deleted]. Bitcoin Investors in India Being Summoned by Income Tax Department. Fresh plea in SC on population control Times of India. Indias trade deficit has been increasing rapidly the past 3 years.: https//tradingeconomics.com/india/balanceoftrade In January this year annual exports grew 9.07 while annual imports grew 26.1 causing the trade deficit to be higher than ever in the last 3 years. The government needs to figure out a way to improve exports which are below UPA levels without even accounting for inflation. https//tradingeconomics.com/india/exports . 10 Point Agenda for rebuilding trust in Banking. Highway project Government approves Rs 2920 crore highway project in Karnataka. Modis pink 2000 rupee note making people see red: [deleted]. ANI on Twitter Employees Provident Fund Organisation lowers interest rates from 8.65 to 8.55. New law cannot cure preAadhaar Act data breaches says Supreme Court. EPFO cuts interest rate to 8.55 for 201718 from 8.65 for 201617. The Nirav Modi Fraud Shows Everything Thats Wrong With PSU Banks. Aadhaar linkages case No penal law can be retrospective but its consequences can be says CJI. Welcome to the New Indian Ocean New players are creating a more multipolar and complex Indian Ocean environment. Essential drugs missing in Indias pharmacies. 9339 Willful Defaulters Owe Indian Banks Rs 111738 crore Public Sector Banks Worst Hit. No buyers for Indian bonds means more pain for Modis debt plan. How choppy GST implementation helped Jaitley brighten revenue estimates by Rs 1.07 lakh crore The Centre has appropriated a portion of revenues that should actually have gone to the states.. From July 2018 new mobile numbers will be 13 digit. All existing 10 digit numbers will be changed to 13 digits by December 2018. Can someone explain me the Nirav Modis PNB fraud case in detail. Starting July 1 M2M Mobile Numbers Will Have 13 Digits Existing users numbers will be ported to 13digits starting from October 1 2018. The deadline for completion of the same has been set for December 31 2018.. Cabinet approves bill that bans ponzi schemes cryptocurrencies. Railways relaxes age limit makes regional languages available for recruitment tests. Aadhaar no more mandatory for distribution of ration Delhi govt. Ease of doing scams A process of virtual denationalisation of PSU banks at least at the operating level has to be the first step Udayan Mukherjee. NewsPod What led to Virgin Hyperloop One in India connecting Pune and Mumbai. Economic Survey 2018 dissected and explained. Frauds are a growth industry in Indian banking CIBIL data shows the total amount outstanding with wilful defaulters has gone up from Rs28416.93 crore as of 30 September 2013 to Rs1.11 trillion on 30 September a CAGR of 40.82. Reports of Indias demise as a regional power are greatly exaggerated. [Old] India Produces 50000 Doctors a Year. If Only Medical Education Were Better Regulated. The Wire. More manifesto less budget An increasing revenue deficit and halfcooked schemes marked Budget 2018. There was no accounting for the two major programmes it announced Yashwant Sinha. Need to distribute IT/Software Companies from State Capitals to all District HQs of India.: [removed]. 10 Questions For Arun Jaitley On Nirav Modi Scam By Yashwant Sinha. Cabinet ends Coal India monopoly allows commercial mining by private firms: [deleted]. Bihar MP Rajasthan And Uttar Pradesh Have Deplorable Public Health Facilities And High Child Mortality Rates. 7th Pay Commission Will employees hear a good news by April 2018. Government approves six rail projects in 4 states. Govt opens up commercial coal mining to private firms ending Coal Indias monopoly. Blockchain Could Have Prevented Punjab National Banktype Frauds. Farmers Commit Suicide While Nirav Modi Vijay Mallya Flee SC Agrees to Hear PIL on Friday. A Declaration of a vision A demand for support: Hello Reddit This Morning i was gripped by a vision maybe an epiphany of sorts. i do not know the correct way of putting this through i am compelled to make this a reality to put this through .. and i need your help in implementing it. i apologize for incoherence and the wall of text below. Here it is 1. I WE am are very critical of the policies of organisations and governments all over the world. 2. I WE am are divided in our approach of resolving these. 3. We lack a trustworthy source which will do the following up for our common grievances. 4. I WE do not think that the organisations /governments are necessary evil. since we do consume products / services of the organisations and also work for / with them. or use the benefits provided by the government and pay our dues to it. 5. We need a completely transparent open source web based interactive Not for Profit Organisation to represent us / our views / our issues / our solutions to the govt / organisation. let us view all interactions in related topics. use the benefits of one interaction in another in a positive/transparent way. we can leverage the true power of the web and true force of the people in such an environment. The interaction can flow like this in a government interaction One individual says a complains / has a suggestion / has a vision / has a request . he makes a post. other individuals can comment / for some time on it. criticize for some time on it. 210 different views are formulated. individuals vote on it. subject matter expert selected Open Source is informed and requested to respond / comment on this. again individuals vote/ amend proposal. legal opinion can be sought if required... online petition then be filed requesting the govt to respond. that response analysed by Individuals subject matter experts and legal if required. then response either accepted / rejected or amended and again if required petitioned. In case of an Organisation complaint registered/ solution provided if satisfactory solutioncompany and individual filing complaint together choose to make interaction public so others benefit. if individual wants to make interaction public but organisation refuses. metadata and deep learning used to make a bare bones topic where individuals with similar complaints are grouped together and allowed to register complaints. Power to the people... but also can be abused to blackmail organisations into bankruptcy help in formulating this. similar interactions with governments also possible. 1.beneficial policies can be implemented / commented upon / feedback can be provided to governments and organisations. peoples needs are requested to be fulfilled from businesses which can create a massive opportunity for them. businesses can receive constructive criticism helping them improve. solutions provided by people of one nation can be used for betterment of humanity. and so much more People will have a say massive say in the future of the world trueforce will make governance extremely transparent. i have registered trueforce.org for implementation of such a vision. trueforce promises to be true to people. trueforce promises to be true to humanity. trueforce beleieves and holds true that governments and businesses thrive on happier and satisfied population and thus will not allow witch hunting of individuals in government or businesses or any one be doxxed. trueforce will keep all sources of funds and all expenses available online. trueforce will be a not for profit organisation and will keep all ip opensource / use only open source software / crowd reccommended hardware. and will choose moderators / admins based on rules approved by its users. all sources of funding and bank account statements will be made public. Approval will be sought before all expenses are made and approval will be sought before any revenue stream is opened. I truly believe we can together work towards and create a beautiful world for our future generations that will be proud of us. My Name is Rishi KariaI live in Kalyan Maharashtra India and i promise that i personally will not take any salary and financial benefits from trueforce. trueforce website will be owned by the not for profit trueforce organisation. as soon as its on itsfet.and i will relinquish all rights to it. I am not so savvy in website management etc. i request all of you for suggestions and knowledge on software to use webdesign to implement and ways to communicatekeep the flood of data organisedprivacy maintained of individuals and records of official companies updated. I handover this vision to you. I handover the rest of my free time after to the fulfillment of this vision and i demand that you hold my integrity to the highest and strictest tests possible. i request all help be first in service /goods and not in funds. Please also note that i am a normal human being with flaws like all others and will be open to all criticism.give me opportunity to correct and transform. I am opening up my life to all of you so that nothing can be used to blackmail me in to doing something wrong in compromising this vision. For now my businesses are doing well and sustain me. if they are compromised due to this i will give those up and inform you. Please support me to fulfillment of this vision. Please share / upvote if you cannot help personally. if this is not the correct subreddit please guide me the correct one. Spectrum auctions Need rethink on use of natural resources for revenue raising Rajiv Kumar. How long the parents can be left yearning for their Childrens Care. Rotomac scam. So my car loan request was rejected by PSU bank.: [deleted]. Govt extends transmission charge waiver to solar wind power till March 2022. Opinions for and against privatization of nationalized banks [P]: I am a little confused how privatization of banks is going to help with cases like Mallya and Nirav Modi. Maybe I dont understand the crux of the matter. I saw Sardesai and Shekhar Gupta espousing the privatization of the banks. Both of them are fiscally conservative. To the best of my knowledge even Barkha has openly stated that she supports Capitalism. Hence I dont know how to take a journalists point of view on this It would be helpful if some of you who understand this discuss pros and cons of privatizing the banking system. Will it mirror the American banking scenario then . CANARA BANK EDUCATION LOAN SCHEME FOR STUDENTS. Mumbai builders set for a windfall as govt tweaks SRA rules. In Maharashtra vicious cycle of cotton farmers woes continues. Metro Matters Not Master Plans its the authorities that messed up Delhi. The three Master Plans gave broad direction for planned growth in Delhi but the civic authorities and the government failed to complete the cycle by drawing up local zonal plans and operational strategies.. Union Budget 2018 GK Notes for Banking amp SSC [Updated]. What Is It Like To Live In The Worlds Biggest Experiment In Biometric Identity. Bias may force South to secede from India MP M Muralimohan. [NP] PSBs Government pumped Rs 2.6 lakhcrore into public sector banks in 11 yrs. India could become the first country to boast the Hyperloop MumbaiPune travel time to come down to 25 minutes. Xiaomi Haier others get vocal after LG on Customs duty hike in Budget 2018. PNB fraud Assocham calls for privatising Public Sector Banks. Policy to scrap 15 yrs old vehicles almost finalised Nitin Gadkari. The anatomy of the PNB fraud. Manufacturing sector reported loss of 87000 jobs from April to June 2017 Labour Bureau data There was a loss of 12000 jobs in the corresponding period in 2016.. Maharashtra Virgin Group Sign Deal For Worlds First Hyperloop Between Mumbai and Pune News18. The little revenue LongTermCapitalGains tax The LTCG formulation is not only flawed in design but also likely to yield very little tax revenue. Surjit Bhalla Member PM Economic Advisory Council. Why Kerala is the haven for terrorists in India [Old] [2011]. PNB scam RBI government also responsible says former deputy governor of central bank. The 15th Finance Commission May Split Open Demographic Fault Lines Between South and North India The Wire. Talks fail bus strike in Kerala to continue. India biggest banking fraud. Man Seeks Plea For Refund Of Subsidy Given To Maruti Suzukis SHVS Cars. Incentives for green tech artificial intelligence likely in new industrial policy. Smart Cities Mission Hits And Misses Since 2015. [ShowerThought] We are the Hollow Men We are the Stuffed Men: This is a title from one of the poems I remember reading in my English textbook when I was a child written by perhaps William WordsworthT.S.Elliot. However this aptly applies to the situation in our country today. In the year 2009 [a sixyear old girl is brutally beaten up by two cops]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/upcopsfacecriminalcasesforthrashing6yroldgirl/articleshow/4070320.cms in Etawah UP her crime being stealing Rs. 280 which in fact turned out to be a false accusation later on. On the other hand Mr. Nirav Modi who actually stole Rs. 11k crores from the Indian taxpayers pockets during 201118 is probably relaxing in one of his luxurious properties in Monaco or London or New York right now. Dont you think this is a kind of pathetic situation in our country Most of us are quick to blame this to abstractions like system law and order government etc. as it helps to escape the responsibility. But in reality they are all created by us and we are responsible for them either directly or indirectly. The government we have in place is actually elected by us plebians or citizens of India. Ultimately WE are the hollow men WE are the stuffed men.. 17504 Cases of Bank Fraud Reported Between 20132017 RBI Data. Why Indias Singapore ban is an own goal of sorts While its true that Singapore Exchange has garnered a high share in one product category involving Indian equities Indias own equity derivatives turnover has also grown at a fast pace. Sex Ratio at Birth Dips in 17 Out of 21 States Gujarat Records Fall of 53 Points: [deleted]. No Reservation Chart in trains from March 1. PNB employees father says son being made a scapegoat Times of India. Telcos face fine up to Rs 5 mn per circle if service rates are predatory. The Harassment of Public Sector Banks [Line of No Control by Sandeep Adhwaryu]. Whose took the actual hit in Nirav Modi and Vijay Mallya scams Whose money they ultimately took And how: They keep saying people like Nirav Modi took countrys money. But whose money was it None of the banks have yet defaulted on depositors money. But obviously they used depositors money for lending to such peoplei may be wrong here. Please correct. Then who ultimately took the hit for these frauds and how What would economy look like if not for these frauds. Bureaucracy hampering innovation. Indias national crush. PNB fraud raises too many questions to rule out wider collusion. Robots Will Clean Sewage Instead Of Men In Kerala Something That Rest Of India Must Follow. Want to Be a Journalist The NIA Will Now Tell You How. PNB Loan Fraud Case ED Summons NiMo Choksi to Mumbai on 23 Feb. UP government presents Rs 4.28 lakh crore budget for 201819 Times of India. Maharashtra government to give 15 subsidy on EVs. BreakingDownBudget2018. The 15th Finance Commission May Split Open Demographic Fault Lines Between South and North India The Wire. Supreme Court reduces allocation of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu. Nitin gadkari Policy to scrap 15 yrs old vehicles almost finalised Nitin Gadkari. Rafale deal View The plane truth about Rafale deal is so hard to see. Prasar Bharti Defies IampB ministry Diktat Says wont Hire costly Journos. Rent control is crippling Indias richest city Mumbai. [RANT] Who is blocking websites: I just got off support with Act. Apparently streamable the site used world over for sharing sports highlights is blocked in India because TRAI asks them to. I asked him why is it working on my mobile and he says the rules are different for Broadband and mobile users. Same goes for Bleacher report. Who on earth is coming up with these stupid rules for blocking sites What can we do about this . Govt drops the idea of an India EV policy: [deleted]. UAE India sign historic deal to trade directly in dirhams and rupee. The Jewel Cycle.. Greater Hyderabad municipality raises Rs 200 Crore through 10year bonds becomes only the Second in country after Pune to do so. UIDAIs move to drop CSC pact for Aadhaar services sparks job loss fears. Aadhaar Hearing [Weeks 2 and 3] Petitioners Case in Detail Live Law. Delhi After Aadhaar hackers now selling voter ID data for mere 50 paise. Govt to change base year for GDP IIP to 201718. Question about Indian Customs when ordering Multiple Items at once.: Im ordering some computer parts from aliexpress. I want to know if ill be charged customs according to the total value of my import Or based on individual items. Cpu 1250Rs Mobo 3500Rs Ram 3500Rs Cpu Cooler 1500Rs.. Global macro Key for Centre to boost Indian infrastructure. India needs to create more salaried jobs World Bank. Railways initiates recruitment process to hire 89000 employees. US tax cuts a bad idea now but will boost growth help Fed hike rates Poll. Around 44 of Delhis sewage is not treated. Women hold over 50 of Jan Dhan accounts. Bengaluru airport looks to use Aadhaar biometrics: [deleted]. Instead of Focusing on Insurance India Should Learn From UKs Public Healthcare Model. Data Protection Framework in India. Thinking Backward.. Supreme Court may hear plea to take up twochild norm. Small Saving Schemes PPF NSC Act changes not to affect tax status aimed at allowing early closure Govt. Indias smart city plan and what it means for Indians DW Documentary. Iranian President Rouhani to visit India this week. India explores cheap power sales to neighbours. Indias 230 million plan to stop crop burning that pollutes Delhi falls short of estimates. The Third Industrial Revolution A Radical New Sharing Economy: [deleted]. No place for gods at Nashik Municipal Corporation. Amethi youth writes to Smriti Irani Help me start pakoda business Times of India. hortage of judges in higher judiciary saddening Khurshid. USIndia advocacy group seeks bilateral IP dialogue. India accused of creating identity card big brother. FRDI Bill Centre offers to set a new cap on deposit cover: what was the update on this bill did they keep the clause that banks cannot convert your deposits into FD or other long term holdings or did it get amendedto allow bail in. Logistics hub to turn Assams Jogighopa into Indias new gateway to SouthEast Asia. India tourism grows 8.4. Bombay High Court says GST not taxfriendly tells government to put requisite mechanism in place. Maharashtra Hailstorm unseasonal rainfall damage nearly 1.25 lakh hectares of crops. Union Budget 2018 Bihar got more than expectation says CM Nitish Kumar. Income tax ambiguity: Hi people I am a seafarer and stay out of India for more than 182 days hence under the cover of NRI status for not paying the tax. However do I have to file zero return every year or not PS Im not asking about tax on income earned while Im in India or income due to passive source. I understand Id have to pay income tax on such income as per the structure. Muchos Gracias. . Maharashtra mulls limited access to visitors at Mantralaya to thwart suicide bids. Senior bureaucrats said the government is exploring an option of allowing visitors only with appointments. On Monday the state government installed a safety net across the secondfloor to prevent suicide attempts.. PG medical admissions Maha reintroduces domicile criteria. Cost of house to include furniture for IncomeTax relief. Adopt new technology to push pace of building highways Nitin Gadkari. India Plans To Ease Life On Its Deadliest Suburban Rail Network. Environment and Forest Minister drharshvardhan speaks to media in New Delhi says 1000 crore sapling plantation will be done between 2021 to 2030.. sflc.in on Twitter Aadhaar final hearing Day 10 Hearing resumes. Kapil Sibal to continue with his arguments. Live tweeting of SC proceedings. Critics of Aadhaar project say they have been harassed put under surveillance. Missing Bengaluru techie case Prime suspects Jio SIM issued through Aadhaar fraud. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code RBI withdraws CDR SDR S4A JLF schemes to restructure defaulted loans. Veg capsules Expert panel against replacement of gelatin with cellulose. Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code RBI withdraws CDR SDR S4A JLF schemes to restructure defaulted loans. Democracy is very challenging in India. If even one percent of the population gets offended by a policy its 13241713 2016 people getting offended.: [removed]. Redditors who support AAP what do you think about Delhi Govts stand in favour of an existing law for criminalization of consumption of beef: Last week the Delhi State Govt. stood in favour to support the criminalization of consumption of beef. About the PIL gt The plea filed by law student Gaurav Jain and an NGO working for the development of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes has claimed that the Cattle Preservation Act CPA was a case of legislative overreach. gt They have contended that prohibition on possession and consumption of beef per se as under Cattle Preservation Act is in violation of the Fundamental rights of the petitioners and other persons similarly situated as it infringes on their personal liberty and causes hostile discrimination having no nexus with the object of the Act. The right to eat the food of ones choice is an integral part of the right to life and liberty the PIL has said adding that the Constitution mandates the State not to make law towards enforcement of a particular religious practice. gt The petitioners have claimed that the Act was a gross encroachment on the rights of the petitioners to chose what they can eat. gt The petition has also said that SCs and STs often have diet containing meats and contended that these communities are directly affected by enforcement of the Act. http//www.thehindu.com/todayspaper/tpnational/tpnewdelhi/aapgovtdefendslawonbeefconsumption/article22663692.ece What do AAP supporters make of this Please chime in. Thanks. PMs Fellows Scheme is a big boost for research. Modi vindicated as IIM study debunks jobless growth theory says 15 million added to labour force yearlyoldjanuary 2018. Indias Industrial Production Rises More Than Forecast. Indias forest tree cover up by 1 in 2 years Centre. Indias Consumer Price Inflation Slows In January. Highspeed bullet trains likely to run on short rail corridors across India not longdistance routes. States of health On NITI Aayogs first Health Index. Why the Competition Commission of India is wrong in penalising Google. Indias financial capital Mumbai becomes 12th richest city globally: [removed]. Why is AMD consistently overpriced in India by 30. budget Budget 2018 has ensured the return of protectionism. Indian Railways To Get New GE Diesel Locomotives By Februaryend Under 2.5 Billion Make In India Project. Big push for health Key schemes face funds cut Times of India. Why mumbais real estate cost is high is directly affected by the fsi restrictions. Sebi chief warns Mutual funds are no substitute for bank returns [NP]. More players to be roped in to boost LED bulb sales: [deleted]. Mozilla executive pens an open letter on Indias data privacy laws and Aadhaar. Ep. 3 The flies that bind Assa Doron talks mobile phones policy impact and waste in India: The flies that go from feces into the water into the food dont look at your bank account When a problem cuts across social divisions we call this the binding crisis. What are the binding crises that would generate enough political will and drive amongst a population thats polarized around caste class gender Dr. Assa Doron Associate Professor of anthropology at Australian National University spoke to our own Ian Pollock about Indias waste both liquid and solid and the physical and institutional infrastructures that handle it or fail to. This wideranging conversation... https//thefamiliarstrange.com/2017/12/03/3assadorononwasteinindia/. No essential service can be denied for want of Aadhaar UIDAI. BrainDrain is Going to Stagnate the Indian Economy. BrainDrain is Going to Stagnate the Indian Economy. Zee News Appeal Rejected Asked to Apologise to Gauhar Raza. Indian Railways to sack 13000 employees on unauthorised leave. Indian Railways launches Voluntary Safety Reporting website for its 13 lakh employees. India Post Payments Bank to enable digital payment by April. Low Water Level in Narmada Dam Sparks Crisis in Gujarat Govt Asks Farmers Not to Sow Crops. A British vegetarians advice on debate about separate plates for meat eaters Get over it. Tomorrow I may touch the hand of a butcher on a bus or I may hold a handrail touched by somebody who has been eating meat with their hands.. Veg/nonveg plates row Hostel council says mail sent without permission [Mumbai]. Fiscal Situation Should be Comfortable Next Financial Year FM Arun Jaitley. Indias forex reserves surge by 4.1 billion to a new high of 421 billion. India tried to stop cheating in school so half a million students just skipped exams. Income Tax New tax score Modi government bags Rs 26500 crore from those who didnt file returns. IBC cases No haircuts for banks in these value propositions. National Board for Wildlife Animal passage plan mandatory now for infrastructure projects. 25 Mn Indians In Unprepared Nation At Risk Of Severe Floods By 2040. Income Tax Government mops up Rs 26500 crore from those who didnt file tax returns Times of India. An Open Letter to Justice Srikrishna About Data Privacy and Aadhaar The Mozilla Blog. Six months after flood Khariya grapples with water again now its scarcity. An unethical place Waning ethics in Indias private sector. Kerala Punjab T.N. top NITI Aayogs health index report. Will Banning Junk Food Advertisements For Children Work Here Are Some Answers. Addressing Parliament the government said food businesses could be asked to voluntarily desist from advertising high fat sugar and salt foods on childrens channels.. Kerala tops NITI Ayog Health Index Uttar Pradesh worst performer: [deleted]. ICICI and Kotak bank spreading FUD with the name of RBI in India: https//i.imgur.com/WMo7EKD.jpg https//i.imgur.com/ViJyWRZ.jpg I am closing my accounts on both. Fuck these banks there are many others who are bending down. And if we are not doing any money laundering or illegal stuff there is no reason for banks to put this shit on us or on people who are thinking of investing in Cryptos.. Ramdevs Patanjali wants marijuana legalised in India social media cant keep calm: [deleted]. NITI Aayog Health Index Large States: [deleted]. Kerala tops NITI Aayogs Health Index Uttar Pradesh worst performer. Malaria war Gujarat behind BIMARU states. Only one Indian city made the New York Times 2018 travel list. NITI Aayog launches Healthy States Progressive India Report Kerala Punjab Tamil Nadu best performers. These 9 achievements indicate that the Narendra Modi government has surpassed UPA by miles. [Policy]Gujarat set to become the Detroit of India. How Twitter Reacted to Budget 2018: [deleted]. UIDAI To Impose 18 GST For Updating Aadhaar. Gujarat in fix as Sardar Sarovar water level at alarming low. In battle against dowry in Uttar Pradesh Yogi Adityanath to launch mass marriage policy for underprivileged girls. Govt rolls out Rs 80000/month PhD grant to plug brain drain. Himachal govt launches nutrition scheme for HIVpositive kids. All 14 types of Rs 10 coin are legal tender RBI. Competition Commission of India fines Google Rs 135.86 crore for search bias. Who is Cheering for Modicare NewsClick. Denial of benefits due to want or lack of Aadhaar not grounds for holding law unconstitutional SC. Jio effect Coming soon 4G smartphones at Rs 500 on a monthly plan of Rs 60. Will Modi Govt kill Bitcoin for Lakshmi its own cryptocurrency. CBSE notification for Central Teacher Eligibility Test. Govt gives approval financial sanction to build 12 nuclear power reactors. UP board Over 5 lakh students skip exams in just 2 day. India plans 77 rise in refining capacity by 2030 Govt. India ranks 44 out of 50 nations in global IP index. More Crypto Jobs in India Despite Delhis Stance on Bitcoin. Bank staff fraudulently withdraw money from customers bank accounts using their Aadhaar details in 4 banks.. Income tax returns ITR filing Bad news for salaried class salary set to face this cut. Will Modi government kill Bitcoin for Lakshmi its own cryptocurrency. Bomja Village in Arunachal Pradesh Becomes One of The Richest Villages in Asia as Each Family Becomes a Crorepati. i dont want one. File Vision Document for Protection of Taj Mahal SC to UP govt. Selfemployment is a problem rather than solution for Indias job challenge. Multiple taxes on capital will affect savings investment decisions Urjit Patel. Customers defrauded at 4 PSBs through Aadhaarbased authentication misuse. Govt redefines MSMEs based on annual revenue. Solid waste management We are not garbage collectors Supreme Court tells Centre. Five taxes on capital hitting investments RBI Governor. India needs sewage systems not free toilets. Delhi government schools to have Happiness Curriculum. India to Develop 60 Solar Cities with Funds of Rs. 100 Crore. India Budget Supports Growth Delays Fiscal Consolidation. Indias edible oil market crossed Rs 1.3 trillion mark in 2017 Research. Indias tea exports hit 36year high of 240.7 mn kgs. India improves entries in global universities ranking for Asia. Kerala Budget Govt Imposes 200 Per Cent Tax on Liquor 100 Per Cent on Beef. An unlikely class of investors is riding the Indian stock market. Kafka Casts Terror on Indias Angels [P]. 7000 cr allocated for MumbaiAhmedabad bullet train in Union Budget another 778 cr for MUTP Hindustan Times. Government to implement blockchain on a nationwide level. Singapore South Asias Bridge to ASEAN. All mining leases cancelled in Goa cant operate after March 15 says Supreme Court. Can Indian economy create Job : Want to have a sensible discussion here I feel our country isnt talking any plans to create more jobs With so many graduates on production everywhere every year IT easy money on the mark of saturation Automation around the corner. I see there will be huge blow to our economy in 1020 years. I may be partially wrong but shower your thoughts on this please. Lets talk constructively. ConcernedIndian. Homeopathy practitioners may be allowed to practice allopathy. [Policy]Insane drug cocktails in India net drug makers millions and pose global threat. AI Task Force to study National Security and Defense needs. Pungi bach gaye. Uttar Pradesh Govt offers 10 profit to power staff for privatization. India Union Budget 2018 Tax Slabs/Highlights/Takeaways for Salaried Individuals. Pranita Kocharekar on Instagram UNION BUDGET 1819. Demand for gold in India grew by 9.1 for jewellery by 12 in 2017 World Gold Council. Aadhaar [Day7] Shyam Divan Concludes His Six And Half Days Long Arguments Referring Gandhijis Protest Against Transvaal Act Live Law. Maldives opposition calls for Indian intervention as president imposes emergency rule: [deleted]. Government set up quality control regulations and validations of herbal medicines. India sees no scope for more excise duty cut on petrol diesel for now FinMin source. Illegal immigrants can buy Aadhaar for Rs 500 Sting operation. The Ineffective Budget is Another Representation of Indias Big Government. A Change in World Bank Methodology Not Reform Explains Indias Rise in Doing Business Rankings: [deleted]. Why Chinese One Belt One Road OBOR is dangerous for the economic wellbeing of the world. India seeks to roll out a universal basic income plan. Madrasa gompas vedic school students may be termed outofschoolchildren. A govt panel suggested that all unrecognised institutions such as unrecognised schools unrecognized madrasa vedic pathshalas gompas must be mapped and children enrolled therein are counted as outofschool children.. If There is One Group of People I feel Strongly for It is Middle Class Arun Jaitley. 3 Strategies to Win in 5 Trillion Indian Market. India sets plans for bidding off 20GW30GW of solar power per year starts with 36GW/month. Ridham Desai of Morgan Stanley Central Message Of Budget 2018 Is Inflation Control. Budget 2018 The Middle Class has actually Received a Relief of only 290. India opposed to cryptocurrencies. The rise of big business in Karnataka. Reminder to government New study confirms widespread female genital cutting among Bohra Muslims. Worlds largest healthcare programme explained[Policy]. Moodys says Indias Budget 2018 balances growth fiscal consolidation 5 key takeaways. India remains fastest growing domestic aviation market in 2017. [Aadhaar] Opponents Must Move Beyond Surveillance Fears and Focus on the Laws Flaws. Simultaneous Polls an Election Jumla Chidambaram. To hold Simultaneous Polls Election Commission says Five Constitutional Amendments are Needed. Equity Indices Downfall not Attributable to LTCG Tax Jaitley. Modi amp Co Looting the MiddleClass old through Mediclaim Premiums. What is Eway Bill How it works and how it put Indias trade transport system on halt for one day. India Communication: Hello Ive been googling around without any luck perhaps Ive just searched for the wrong stuff so if anyone could direct me to any helpful pages that would be appreciated as well. Anyway Im looking for what the communication between different countries is like in India when it comes to trading deals allies enemies etc. As this is for a school project dont write a long essay for me but give me a couple hints maybe Thank you.. Sensex Nifty Suffer Big Losses For Second Day After Budget 2018 10 Updates NDTV. GST runs into eway bill bump truckers say it was a disaster waiting to happen: [deleted]. Fiscal deficit slippage due to noninclusion of GST. Budget 2018 A poverty of ideas.. A ballooning revenue deficit is far more worrisome than a nominal slippage in fiscal deficit. Sensex Nifty Suffer Big Losses For Second Day After Budget 2018. Existence of other biometric databases may pose new challenge to Aadhaar [p]. Photos Sec 377 Quit India Cries LGBTQ Community at Mumbai Pride. Marathi film Nude gets A certificate from CBFC without any cuts. Marathi film Nude which was dropped from IFFI in 2017 has been cleared by the CBFC without any cuts. Director Ravi Jadhav thanked the CBFC team on Twitter.. Mumbai Popular caf stops serving meat and eggs. After circular says ban followed objections raised by some people institute backtracks and cites lack of permissions.. Some statistics revelation on our taxdefying nation.. Indian Railways Wants Trains to Run at 600 km/hr amp Apple Is Helping Them With it 2017. The Impact of Budget 20182019 on the youth Key Takeaways. Indian Government To Come Out With A Framework To Regulate Cryptocurrencies By This Fiscal Year End: [deleted]. TRAI Evaluating Regulations For Online Video Streaming Platforms Like Netflix Hotstar. IndiaUS trade estimated to touch 140 bn in 2017 says USISPF survey. Best analysis of Union budget 2018 in a simple format Must watch.. LTCG tax kitty from stocks to double to Rs40000 crore in FY20 Hasmukh Adhia. Many Widows Disabled and Elderly in Uttarakhand without Pension for Months due to Aadhaar Glitches. Drug wrapper plan injects veg debate into medicines too Debate over move to replace gelatin [Old] [July 2017]. Its rotten. Maharashtras mangoes are smelling of scam. Unscrupulous agents import mango trees from Konkan and use them to demand higher prices for land during acquisition.. Maharashtra Police return 1430 bulletproof jackets that failed AK47 test. Mumbai 3014 commuters killed on Mumbai railway tracks in 2017 RTI. Poverty in India 2016 to 2030 [1200x589][GIF]. Wealth migration 7000 superrich Indians shifted base in 2017. Middle of Nowhere Class When just 2.56 pay 100 of Indias income tax amp govt wants more. Nagpur NMC yet to find officer who laid pipeline that will cost Rs1 cr to shift. What will UIDAI do now What will you do of a secured lock keys of which are now public: [deleted]. Cabinet yet to give nod to health coverage scheme announced in last Budget: [deleted]. Maintain highways or else toll will be halved NHAIs warning to officials. 18 months on market reforms still on paper in Maharashtra. No deductions if IT returns filed late. How We Messed Up Our Caste Problem. Delhi Girl students in govt schools to get free sanitary pads. 40 million cows to get Aadhaarlike number at cost of Rs 50 crore in 1st phase. Between Arun Jaitley and Chidambaram former FM who do you think did better for the Indian Economy: When Chidambarams name had appeared in 2g scam during UPA2 I really disliked him at that time. But after seeing this new monstrosity called Jaitley I think he was 100 times better. LTCG tax that Jaitley put on the savings of common Indians is going to wipe out a lot of their income and considering that the amount taxed isnt adjusted for inflation indexation the gains could be actually negative in real terms and the person still has to pay the taxes. Only a fool could have done such a blunder. How in the name of God could any sane individual even think of voting for BJP after he did this It seems impossible.. Beta I have a dream for you when you become big that you will become a pakora wala. Budget 201819 Google Facebook and others may have to pay more tax. Twitter Accounts to be followed: [removed]. Cellular Operators Association of India COAI demands that other communication service providers be regulated as strictly as telecom operators. Coming engineless trainsets from ICF. Budget 2018 Did Arun Jaitley just Sell us a Lemon. Budget for Delhi Centre allots Rs 790 cr for Delhi in 201819 Budget. Union Budget 2018 What worries me is that fiscal arithmetic may be false says Manmohan Singh. Building tomorrows India. 8.2 crore pepole living in extreme poverty in India. India Signals Crackdown on Bitcoin Cryptocurrency Usage. Kerala Budget 2018 Alcohol in state becomes costlier as govt hikes liquor tax by up to 210. The Latest Disruption by GST Click to Know More. Why is no one talking about the long term effects of Universal healthcare: Nobody is talking about the elephant in the room. In long term every one is going to get income tax increases because of the public healthcare program. Take countries that have universal healthcare Ill give you how income taxes look around the world. Canada upto 60 Germany upto 47.475 Sweden upto 60 Take any country that has public healthcare and youll see income tax rates that will make you cry blood. Now one percent increase in cess might not seem like a lot. Look at how this will affect you in the long term. More over majority of the health ailments are because of life choices and are self inflicted ailments. Fucking drunk people destroying their livers. Something about tobacco users and smokers getting cancer... People eating shitty food and getting sugar and cholesterol... Heart ailments Some idiots being irresponsible and having abortion... or having 6 kids for that matter... etc. Do you want to pay for the stupidity of those people Who the fuck pays for BJPs pet project The tax payers who already pay fuck load of taxes on their income and whatever they buy GST... People who pay more taxes than their rent. People who dont own cars... Public healthcare is the worst idea ever. India has affordable healthcare because we have private healthcare. Edit Fixed Germany tax rates. More tax rates. More countries that have tax rates upto 50 or more and public healthcare Belgium 64 Denmark 55.794 Finland 61.96 Ireland 52 Israel 50 Japan 55.945 Luxembourg 52.45 Netherlands 51.95 UK 62 We cant afford it.. Budget reaction: Middle Class will now have to pay Goods and Service Tax. Long Term Capital Gain Tax. Income Tax. Increased Cess on Income Tax. This will make them fall in BPL category and hence will be able to avail all Govt Schemes. Masterstroke by Modi ji.Budget2018 ..copied. Honest question Are there any real benefits or Adhaar program [Policy] : [deleted]. Modicare Worlds Biggest Health Plan Will Be Cashless. Is the budget so bad: Sensex crashes by HUGE 840 points on Budget woes Nifty below 10800 http//www.thehindu.com/business/markets/sensexandniftyfebruary22018/article22633141.ece. SC Dismisses PIL To Make Rape Sexual Harassment Stalking Outraging Modesty GenderNeutral Live Law. Budget 2018 Why salaried women should cheer and others need to worry. FM Arun Jaitley settles the Bitcoin issue for once and for all. What is the Revenue Deficit from the latest Budget: And Revenue income amp expenditure and capital income amp expenditure. With spendthrift budget India takes a wrong turn. Budget 2018 Jumlas for Farmers. Gujarat model of hate is evident everywhere Economist. Promise of Rs 5 lakh for Healthcare a Big jumla P Chidambaram. Yesterdays budget was totally Anti Middle Class: [deleted]. Indian Railways set to get 1st highspeed electric locomotives in March. Maharashtra govt approves proposal to provide sanitary napkins at Rs 5 to women in rural areas. Union Budget 2018 What worries me is that fiscal arithmetic may be faulty says Manmohan Singh. Budget 2018 FM reaches out to farmers jobseekers and the poor but leaves the salaried class disappointed. India Wants to Give Half a Billion People Free Health Care. India says it will fund the worlds largest national health programme. 5 big Takeaways from Budget 2018. Standard Deduction Budget Announcements Budget 2018 gives Rs 40000 standard deduction removes other allowances Salaried may be left poorer. All 83 major union budget schemes in one chart. [NP] What is going on with Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in India: Im a big XRP hodler and almost every day my parents ask me to withdraw it in fiat currency because they see news channels shitting on TV. This evening they told me that all cryptos got officially banned from India according to some news channel. Obviously I find it hard to believe. Can anyone give me an insight into this. Watch the exclusive video of Union Budget of India 201819.. My professor asked me to write a paper about Indian online shopping market in 2017 I know little about this topic since Ive never been to India TT Would you guys help me if you come from India Thanks in advance. When restaurants start charging you for just using the toilet .. [IAMA]Am a CA who specialises in Direct Tax. Ask me anything about the Budget2018: Am a Chartered Accountant specialising in Direct Taxation. You may or may not have doubts regarding the Budget. Feel free to ask me questions regarding the Budget 2018 here.. Bitcoin hasnt been banned in India Do not let them tell you otherwise. Budget 2018 New LTCG tax has been introduced.. All you need to know about Rail Budget 2018. Watch this Video.. Duties on petrol diesel rejigged basic excise duty lowered by Rs 2 per litre Rs 6 additional excise duty abolished but Rs 8 a litre road cess introduced Press Trust of India. Budget 2018 Cryptocurrency is not a legal tender but government will keep exploring blockchain technology: The Narendra Modi government is looking to oust cryptocurrencies from India but has a lot of affection for blockchain. Keeping that in mind no wonder in future Blockchain technology will replace all mediatory authorities from financial transaction amp Indians will start to [learn fundamental knowledge of Blockchain technology]https//www.eduonix.com/blockchainandcryptocurrencybitcoinethereumessentials The distributed ledger technology is becoming a hot favorite in Asias thirdlargest economy for solidifying information alerting all stakeholders and preventing tampering. So much so that in his budget speech on Feb. 01 finance minister Arun Jaitley announced plans to adopt blockchain technology. gt The government will explore the use of blockchain technology proactively for ushering in the digital economy Jaitley said. Most commonly known as the technology underpinning the likes of bitcoin and Ether of Ethereumfame blockchain is a digitized and decentralized public ledger of all cryptocurrency transactions. Stripping away the financial application blockchain is essentially a bookkeeping platform that can be accessed by anybody on the internet but is owned by nobody. gt Once you have a blockchain the big spreadsheet in the cloud serves as a recordkeeping system that cant be forged and cant be reversed said Nicolas Cary the cofounder and president of [Blockchain]https//www.blockchain.com/ the company not the technology. Eager governments Blockchain technology is already making waves in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The government there is working with Swedish startup ChromaWay to set up a blockchainbased land registry system that allows people to collateralize property get loans and invest against that asset. Tracking property ownership using blockchain allows people to circumvent disputes frauds and errors while also lessening the administrative hassle of registrations and title transfers. Beyond land registries blockchain can also put an end to other fraud like identity theft. To reduce the chances of getting hacked a growing concern in India the webbased platform can manage digital IDs. gtCurrently if you sign up or pay for something on the internet you turn over unencrypted personal info that gets stored all over internetcreating a honeypot that attracts attackers to breach that service Cary said. With blockchain only encrypted relevant information will be released whenever necessary. Recently the Maharashtra government called upon industry leaders researchers and others to devise ways of incorporating blockchain in egovernance operations. gt The government is one of the biggest data creators and data consumers. Blockchain will bring in more efficiency transparency accountability and accessibility in data flows the states chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said at the Maharashtra Technology Summit MTech on Jan. 17. Amid all the talks of curbing cryptocurrencies Indias central bank the Reserve Bank of India still believes that blockchain technology is ripe for adoption. Banks in India are already relying on blockchain to enable overseas transactions international remittances and other processes. The spread of blockchain use in the private sector use of in industries like insurance healthcare manufacturing among others could also lessen significant burdens that befall the government. gt Capitalising on the blockchain technology could open new ways of securing peertopeer lending transactions boosting trade finance fintech and information repository sectors aid Sapan Gupta the national practice head of banking and finance at law firm Shardul Amarchand Mangaldas. gt By segregating the use of blockchain from cryptocurrencies reflects the governments intention to use the technology in a gradual and safer manner before it gets into concepts like replacing currencies. Positive sideeffects Using blockchain to monitor supply chains means the journey of a good can be tracked from sourcing to their sale by collecting information in the secured cloudbased ledger. For instance in the food and retail industry shipments can be tracked and digitally recorded via a blockchain in real time. gt This can save lives in the event of an outbreak of foodborne illness Daniele Bianchi an assistant professor of finance at Warwick Business School said. gt This is obviously helpful both for consumers and the government. Especially in emerging economies whereby the supply chain is typically not easy to track. Just like identity theft becomes harder meddling with critical digital assetslike patient consent records in the healthcare sector or insurance payoutsalso becomes less of a concern since no single authority can modify the records. At Bajaj Finserv the holding company of Bajaj Groups nonbanking financial company NBFC and insurance firms blockchain technology is being used to simplify travel insurance claims. If a flight is delayed that information comes to the system and the claim amount is automatically generated and paid without the customer having to even file a claim. There are currently over 40 Indian startups working on blockchain technologies in various industries like finance healthcare cybersecurity and logistics according to Sangeeta Devni a programme manager at the IT industry trade body NASSCOMs 10000 startups initiative. But realworld applications are still few. Still learning After interviewing early adopters both on the customer side and vendor side consultancy firm Deloitte recognised a slew of deterrents to using blockchain technology pdf that exist in the Indian market. From a lack of awareness to a dearth of trustworthy vendor partners to cybersecurity concerns various challenges persist. gt The main danger comes from hacking that is the innovation of the blockchain brings new type of attacks which are far less understood and much less mitigated as those occurring in conventional database management architectures Bianchi warned. . Budget 2018 Corporate income tax rate cut to 25 pct for companies. Arun Jaitleys Budget Gives MPs A Salary Hike Automatic Raise Every 5 Years. Union Budget 2018 Bitcoin other cryptocurrencies not legal govt to eliminate their use. Arun Jaitley Finance Minister has just killed Indias cryptocurrency party.. Budget 2018 LIVE Modicare can be more successful than Obamacare says Arun Jaitley. Leave it to media to spread FUD about crypto in India. Over 1200 IIT NIT graduates to teach in backward areas: [deleted]. Aadhaar [Day5] State Cannot Have The Power To Aggregate Data And Destroy Privacy Rights Shyam Divan Tells Constitution Bench Live Law. Budget 2018 Worlds largest health programme to provide Rs 5 lakh per family under Ayushman Bharat. Budget 2018 Thread: [deleted]. Standard Deduction Back in Budget 2018 Relief to Salaried Employees. Arun Jaitley has just killed Indias cryptocurrency party. Did Indian Govt just ban cryptocurrency. India to ban Cryptocurrencies: Finance minister during budget 12.11pm We will explore the use of blockchain. Government to take all steps to eliminate use of cryptocurrencies which are being used to fund illegitimate transactions. Does this mean Total elimination or elimination of illegitimate transactions. India launches worlds largest healthcare coverage programme for 500 million poor Indians.. [Budget] LTCG Long Term Capital Gains to be taxed at 10 from tomorrow: If you were trading in Indian stocks Sensex/NIFTY and held for long term gt1 year then it was zero tax payable until now. But in this budget it has been raised to 10. Are you affected by this budget decision what do you think about this. Honble FM Jaitley announces worlds largest governmentfunded healthcare programme Budget2018. Some bovines are more equal than others Cartoon by cartoonistsan. Budget 2018 India on course to becoming fifth largest economy may grow 7.27.5 says Jaitley. Trai weighs regulations for online video streaming platforms like Netflix Hotstar Livemint. Budget 2018 Live Updates India Expects a Populist Budget. India scores better than global average on budget transparency. Open Budget Survey India scores better than global average on budget transparency. Union Budget 2017 Consolidate all information and discussion here: [deleted]. Is India on the cusp of a fiscal revolution Income tax collection as a per cent of GDP tend to rise sharply once average incomes cross the 2000 threshold from 1 of GDP to around 5 of GDP. India is on the cusp of that threshold. Budget 2018 The story of the Indian economy in 10 charts. Arun jaitleys Budget2018 What to watch out for today Economictimes. Arun jaitleys Budget2018 What to watch out for today Economictimes: [deleted]. India Wants the World to Buy Its Weapons. Theyre Not Very Good. Aadhaar [Day5] State Cannot Have The Power To Aggregate Data And Destroy Privacy Rights Shyam Divan Tells Constitution Bench Live Law: [deleted]. Union Budget 2018. Why many Indians prefer sons over daughters. Budget 2018 to test investors faith in Modi government. Budget 2018 Cooking the Economy. What the future holds for India with more than half of its population soon to be below 35 Over the next few years 60 per cent of the population increase in India would come from the least developed states.. Centre welcomes Hindus Sikhs but not Muslims from other nations Prashant Bhushan tells SC. Budget 2018 India budget to test investors faith in Modis government. Aadhaarbased profiling fears serious Supreme Court. Video Unemployment a joke for Aravind Subramanian compares it as a question from Antinational JNUite. Is India an outlier when it comes to taxGDP ratio. India hits 20GW solar capacity milestone. ADB commits 250 loan for allweather roads in 5 states. India hits 20GW solar capacity milestone. Bear or Bull Economy Economic Survey 201718 Cartoon by Manjul: [deleted]. Framing the Bear Economy as a Bull Economy Economic Survey 201718 Cartoon: [deleted]. Budget 2018 The story of the Indian economy in 10 charts. Is India on the cusp of a fiscal revolution. Economic Survey. Sign this Petition now in case you want to support livestreaming of proceedings in the Supreme Court of India. NASA shows interest in Made in India Thermal Paint Tech. India 6th wealthiest country in the world with total wealth of 8230 billion Report. Stung by Criticism MEA Does UTurn on OrangeColoured Passport for Migrant Workers The Wire. Arvind Subramanian Tells Ravish Kumar Why Economic Survey Sees GDP Surge. CEA Arvind Subramanians response to journos question on lack of jobs amp demand in economy Did you study in JNU my friend Economic Survey 201718. Govt scraps decision to print orange passports will retain last page with address. Indias Overhyped Inequality. India set to complete village electrification before target. Millions more companies are now paying tax in India. CEA Arvind Subramanians response to journos Q on dearth of jobs demand in economy Did you study in JNU my friend Economic Survey 201718: [deleted]. MEA reverses its decision to issue an orange passport for ECR passport holders and discontinue the practice of printing the last page of passport: [deleted]. Unemployment continues to remain the major problem in India ABP NewsCSDS Survey: [deleted]. Its not so rosy anymore Economic Survey paints a sobering picture. Police arrests drug peddler after he filed IT returns for Rs 40 lakh. Indias unwanted girls Economic Survey highlights how preference for sons is hurting daughters. Modi government plans to abolish posts which are vacant for 5 years. Good news The Indian economy is getting formalised. Reservation For Tax Payers by Percent: Please hear me out before downvoting. I am assuming that to get a task done at any government office a salaried class citizen needs to take an entire day off from work. the idea is when an income tax payer enters the government office their work should be given priority or reservation if you like that word so that they can be freed up faster and can get back to their money making jobs Extending this idea further how bad would it be as a metric if reservations for their kids education is related to the income tax they file simply put encouraging more parents to pay taxes in order to get their kids through higher education I am not doing any math but just a random idea to make it an important factor. Because were just talking about prolly 1 of the population. The perilous march of Hindistan The project to replace English with Hindi and other Indian languages is reaching an inflection point. India Confronts Demographic Bulge of Young People. Economic Survey 2018 It is confirmed this bull market has seen lower number of bakras. Access to Toilet in Indian states Rural. Economic Survey India second fastest growing economy in the world. Economic Survey Climate Change May Cost Farmers Quarter Of Their Income. Pakodanomics Economic Survey serves up formula for government to claim bigger formal sector. What the Economic Survey Says and Doesnt Say About the State of Indias Economy The Wire. Indias son obsession finds mention in pink economic survey Times of India. The Economic Survey of India came out today. Your views: The economic survey came out today and it was quite interesting to say the least. http//www.thehindu.com/news/resources/readeconomicsurvey201718/article22550202.ece I presonally felt that it hides more in number than it reveals. One example is that ES talks about how the growth in the stock markets is due to demonitization Apparently investors now have less illicit money and hence are OK putting it in asset classes that require more disclosure. Yet ironically the document tells us that the PE valuations are at record high and the market risk premium might be finding a new normal. In the foot notes it does mention that investors are choosing the mutual funds route which have seen a staggering growth of five fold to be at about 1 of the GDP The authors in my opinion are confusing the cause as a trivial fact. The markets have grown because of the massive advertizing going on behind MFs. Also the fine brains at commerce ministry mention that such high stock valuations show that the investors expect an economic rebound. Personally I dont think that the average investor is sophisticated enough and has any idea of P/E valuations being record high. Most investors are buying into MFs due to the bombardment of emotional advertising everyday. And as such the stock market shold not be seen as a indicator of the indian economy. Some other points The GDP growth rate for this year is estimated to be 6.75 The media has been harping it to be 7.5 but that is the estimate for the rest of the year which will bring the average to 6.75. The authors have talked about how the Indian economy is decoupled from the rest of the world to justify the Indian economy going down while the rest of the worlds major economies are growning. They keep changing the countries and time scales to make the graphs look more palatable. . Technical group approves cervical cancer vaccine in national programme SJM the economic wing of RSS had written to the prime minister last month against the introduction of the vaccine in the national programme citing safety and cost concerns.. In our bid to further the cause of womens empowerment the cover of EconomicSurvey2018 is pink CEA arvindsubraman. Economic Survey India can leapfrog on growth in services sector not manufacturing. Hindi Economic Survey 201718 predicts 7 to 7.5 percent of countrys GDP growth in 201819. Economic Survey 2018 Here is how to download document. Ready for talks with India to resolve CPEC differences China. Economic Survey Government sees growth of 77.5 percent in 2018/19 fiscal year. Indias GDP growth projected between 77.5 in 201819. PMOIndia A sustained debate is required on the subject of simultaneous elections and all political parties need to arrive at a consensus on this issue President Kovind. [Old] Job Creation How About Filling 20 LakhPlus Vacant Government Posts. Mumbai Bengaluru suburban rail networks may get Rs 50kcrore push. Nitin Gadkari opens projects worth Rs 6517 crore in Uttar Pradesh. Uttar Pradesh hits eway for a smooth ride. Plea to exclude SC/ST creamy layer from quota. Seven Million Formal Jobs Created Annually The Misplaced Debate on EPFO Data and Employment. 40th Mann Ki Baat PM Modis monthly address. [showerthougs] A lot more Sikhs would have been killed had AADHAAR existed during Indira Gandhis assasination: It would also be very easy to block their phones linked to AADHAAR and deactivate their bank accounts. . World Economic Forum Modi Among Fat Cats in the Snow. Arun Jaitley hints at more GST rate cuts says tax regime stabilized in short time. Every One of the Worlds Big Economies Is Now Growing. Prannoy Roy Speaks To Raghuram Rajan At Davos Highlights. Percentage change in fertility rates of Indian states for 2004 2016 [OC]. India Cambodia ink 4 pacts agree to boost connectivity defence ties: [deleted]. Tamil Nadu Agricultural University Bans Bachelors From Entering Botanical Garden Alleging Immoral Activities. PChidambaramIN In the debate on jobs it is important to keep the distinction between job and self employment. A job is certain regular and reasonably secure. We want to know how many such jobs have been created.. Giving Aadhaar the finger. After Indira Canteens mobile canteens to now serve the poor in Karnataka: [deleted]. From March 1.5 lakh cams at 700 Delhi govt schools under Rs 290 crore plan. Debts the Cause Suicides 70 of Indian Farmers Spend More Than They Earn. 2017 witnessed a 38 rise in social media URL blocking. India cheapest country to live in after South Africa Survey. 2 Countries Residing in One India. 92 of Indians adults have wealth of less than 10000. A live update stream by Gautam Bhatia as Shyam Diwan takes on Aadhar in Supreme court [Policy]. Unpaid Farm Loans Suicides Falling Prices Govts Budget Hurdles. The Dramatic Rise in Wealth Inequality. Population explosion Indias socalled demographic dividend can easily end up becoming a nightmare. Employing the Right Measures Better employment data will have to rely on large and frequent surveys not misleading proxies.. Sign the open letter from Mozilla to tell the Justice Srikrishna Committee to protect our data and privacy. UIDAI is hiring on contract not a joke. Farmer suicides 70 of Indias farm families spend more than they earn. Population explosion Indias socalled demographic dividend can easily end up becoming a nightmare. Armed forces set to be reduced in northeast. Indias arc to Southeast Asia. NDTV Investigation 26000 Lose Access To Food After Delhi Aadhaar Move. Percentage of children who can at least do subtraction in Grade III statewise. Delhi Govt moves to meet target of 10000 buses: [deleted]. Delhi Pay hike for workers of health mission: [deleted]. Modi resets Indias foreignpolicy priorities. In Modinomics Government Borrowing Is Bizarrely Reduced by Increasing PSU Borrowing. Russia Finalizes Federal Law on Cryptocurrency Regulation. Shouldnt India start giving consideration. The SC is hearing 27 petitions challenging the constitutional validity of Aadhaar. Legal researcher Usha Ramanathan explains the case they are making. After 27 years of LPG Is Indian growth a Jobless Growth Statistics and.... A Republic of the Jobless Youth. Donald Trump proposes to end visa lottery system open green card gate for skilled Indian immigrants: Donald Trump proposes to end visa lottery system open green card gate for skilled Indian immigrants Donald Trump proposes to end visa lottery system open green card gate for skilled Indian immigrants https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/nri/visaandimmigration/donaldtrumpproposestoendvisalotteryfavoursskilledworkers/articleshow/62662430.cms. Maharashtra clocked 9 economic growth in last 4 years Governor. SC asks Chandigarh High Court to modify order on taking Aadhaar for bail. Rs 1000 crore plan to curb stubble burning air pollution in NCR. Not Just Delhi Air Pollution is a Nationwide Problem SC. With privacy debate settled once and for all 2018 likely to be Aadhaars breakout year. GST Receipts Below Target for Third Straight Month. India Is Not SelfDestructing Its Being Destroyed Systematically. Madras to Centre Have 14 official languages 50 Years ago 24th Jan 1968 The Hindu Archives. Indian currency printing press in MP Deputy control officer daily carried bundles of currency to his home by hiding in his shoes ultimately caught by cisf and found 96 laks at his home.. AICTE Adds Vedas Puranas And Yoga In Revised Curriculum For Engineering Students. Aadhaar row Chief Election Commissioner Om Prakash Rawat wants UID linked with voter identity cards. GST collection for December rises to Rs 86703 crore. Hygiene India. India ending curbs will benefit 10 foreign retailers. India to infuse 13.86bn into public sector banks Retail Banker International. Aadhaar Act and its Noncompliance with Data Protection Law in India [Old]. India ranks among the last 5 countries in handling environmental problems. 77 of Indian workers to have vulnerable employment by 2019 ILO. Raghuram Rajan wants defaulting promoters and their friends cronies out of NCLT proceedings. The Man Clearing 9000 Tons of Trash From Mumbais Beaches. 3 out of 4 workers in India fall in vulnerable employment category International Labour Organization ILO: [deleted]. Indias bank bailout cures the symptoms not the disease. India slips to bottom five in Environmental Performance Index. Budget 2018 National Health Mission The institutional barrier. Banking reforms must complement bank recapitalisation plan. GST may prove a drag on Indias ease of doing business ranking. Bank recapitalisation plan Dear govt you need fresh parenting skills. Is Indian economy being run by a very small set of people worries Raghuram Rajan. GST to have very positive effect in the long term Raghuram Rajan. India ranks 177 out of 180 in Environmental Performance Index. Growth has dipped below the 30year average says economist Kaushik Basu. Govt announces plans to recapitalise PSBs to infuse Rs 100000 crore by March. India without Taj Mahal Shocking Hamari Dunya. Rent Controls and Affordable Housing in Mumbai. Narendra Modi These are the 3 greatest threats to civilization. Modi govt gives public sector banks a lifeline with 10 riders. New Datesheet For CBSE Class 12th has Been Released. Aadhar puts Bulls Eye on every Jawaans Back Location can be tracked by hackers every time an army man withdraws his salary. The inequities in Indias tax system. Indian Banks Suspending Bitcoin Exchange Accounts. Do we really need more Oil Refineries: PM Modi inaugurated project commencement of new oil refinery in Barmer Rajasthan with much fanfare on 16th January 2018. He also staged a rally there. Rajasthan is going to poll this year and since it is on the radar of Modi a holding rally was obvious for sure there. This refinerys work was originally inaugurated in Sep 2013 by Sonia Gandhi but work never saw the light of the day. During later part of previous decade Rajasthan made an emphatic entry in Indias oil scenario when Cairn India now part of Vedanta Group started substantial oil production there. The field is significant as it is producing around 25 of panIndia crude production and seemingly it only make sense to have a refinery right adjacent to oil producing field. Currently this crude produced in Rajasthan is being transported to west coast by pipeline and from there it is going to various refineries in the country. But does it really make sense to have more refineries in India. Well lets try to assess. Currently India has an installed refining capacity of 235 MMTPA Million Metric Tonne per annum and they processed 250 MMT crude in the year 2017. Here one thing is worth mentioning out of this 250 MMT crude oil processed India has produced only 40 MMT. Therefore 210 MMT crude processed was imported which is whopping 84 of total refined crude. True that Indias oil consumption has grown with a CAGR of around 5.4 over the past five years but still in 2017 the total consumption was 200 MMT. India thus still has a huge surplus refining capacity and currently India is exporting finished petroleum products. In all probability the growth rate in consumption is bound to decline in years to come essential because growing usage of Natural Gas BioFuels and electrical vehicles. Surface Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari has already made intentions clear for mega push on electrical vehicles and complete switchover by the decade of 2030. Railways has made its intention clear it will push electrical loco instead of diesel loco in days to come. Look at the other aspects now. Already setting up of a mega 60 MMPTA refinery is in pipeline at the west coast by a consortium of IOC BPC and HPC 40 MMTPA of which is likely to be up and running by 202223. So by the year 2022 when countrys demand will touch 240245 MMTPA the refining capacity will go up to 280 MMTPA. Please note that here expansion plans of various existing refineries have not been factored in which will further add to the capacity. So oil companies need to depend on export of finished products in order to run their refineries at full capacity. In a scenario when there is no dearth of refining capacity globally finding market for finished wont be so easy. Apart from that Indian refiners struggle to maintain good GRM Gross Refinery Margin a benchmark world over for refinerys efficiency which is essential to be competitive in world market. Moreover it does not make good sense that we import crude from outside process it and then export finished product. In fact need to the hour is to give further and decisive push to enhance crude production. GOI needs to seriously look in to what flagship oil producer ONGC is up to and how it can become more productive. Notwithstanding the argument that oil discovery and production is arduous task fact remains that after Bombay High in early eighties ONGC has not made any significant oil discovery till date around 35 years. So as our current refining capacity is 235 MMTPA and Crude production is 40 MMTPA. What we need is to reduce the gap of 235 and 40 by increasing oil production we instead is further increasing 235. Government can argue that such expenditure in new refineries is part of its infrastructure push and it will create jobs etc. but we all understand there is huge political rhetoric behind each such decision remember Rajasthan is poll bound state in 2018. Bottomline is that the money spent by PSUs/GOI is taxpayers money end of the day. It would be extremely bad for us if that money spent does not bring true value for the nation in longer run to come. Politics is having a heavy toll on the people of this nation. . Swachh Bharat Mission A reality check. Davos 2018 West must share benefits of growth with emerging world says Raghuram Rajan. India Emerging As A Major Developing Country Chandrababu Naidu. Global Bengal is still a distant dream. Todays Cartoon in The Hindu. Indias Sacred Cow Now Threatens an 83 Billion Dairy Industry. Indian Banks Suspend Bitcoin Exchange Accounts Koinex Zebpay and Unocoin among those affected by crackdown. Whatsapp business App for SMEs now available in India.. Growth has dipped below the 30year average. India Inc. pitches for lower corporate tax rate on budget eve. Got this SMS from RBI. Wouldnt such messages help counterfeit coins : Coins are available in different designs due to their long life. Accept them without fear. Give missed call to 14440 for more information. 10 Questions Times Now and Zee News Couldve Asked PM Modi Instead The Quint: [deleted]. Govt orders installation of panic buttons and GPS in vehicles... Dalit Farmer In UP Crushed To Death Under Tractor By Loan Recovery Agents. Bad News From India Makes Bitcoin Price Fall. More joblessness ILO sees Indias unemployment rate rising to 3.5 in 2018. Delhi Govt wants to give fresh twist to monuments convert them into utility spaces for public. Apart from renovating and preserving the structures we will also be reinvigorating the history of the space itself allowing people to interact with it in a different manner an official said. Migrate to elitigation platform Delhi govt to all department heads. In order to ensure effective monitoring of all court cases the Delhi government has directed all heads of departments to migrate to elitigation platform.. Budget 2018 All 11000 trains 8500 stations to have CCTV surveillance. India improves global talent competitiveness ranking to 81st. India 5th most attractive mkt for investments up one notch. IMF sees India GDP growth at 7.4 in 2018 Chinas at 6.8. My father visited a mohalla clinic today and asked me to share his experience: Today my father visited Tahirpur mohalla clinic which is nearest to our place. He came back really happy and asked me to put these picture online and praise about the setup. He visited there for general cold and fever he praised the whole staff with the Doctor he said they were friendly and well behaved as private ones. The entire place is very neat and clean. Also all the medicines were available there. Here are the pics https//imgur.com/a/czoia I think we should really support Delhi govt. They are really doing an amazing job in Delhi. Niti Aayog renews foreign varsity push seeks UGC and AICTE views. Petrol prices rise to Rs 80.10 per litre in Mumbai Rs 72.3 in Delhi. A misleading story of job creation. What Idea Cellular took 17 years to achieve Reliance Jio did in 16 months. WEF Hours before Modis Davos pitch WEF rates India below Pak amp China in inclusive development. The World Seen From Indias Raisina Dialogue 2018. IMF India to grow at 7.4 per cent in 2018 IMF. Oxfam Worlds Richest 1 Earned 82 of Global Income Last Year. Capacity building for primary health care amp National Medical Commission Bill Bridge Course Issue. Hours before Modis Davos pitch WEF rates India below Pak ampamp China in inclusive development: [deleted]. Changing the World of Finance One Mobile Phone at a Time. Opinion Why Indias Big Fix Is a Big Flub The New York Times. Make in India for medical devices Three years on the prolocalisation campaign for medical devices continues to flounder for want of policy incentives and implementation. Marital Rape Already Criminalized As Cruelty Under Section 498A IPC Delhi Govt. To High Court. Marital Rape Already Criminalized As Cruelty Under Section 498A IPC Delhi Govt. To High Court: [deleted]. Union Budget 2018 Education sector awaits robust PPP guidelines. Indias economy is more globalised than China United States TOI: India is more global when it comes to trade.. source TOI https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/toibudget2018specialindiaseconomyismoreglobalisedthanchinaus/articleshow/62600713.cms. In India subtle corruption robs villagers of roads Princeton University study Journal of Development Economics. Wealth owned by Indias top 1 richest: 2010 40.3 2011 46.8 2012 48.8 2013 48.7 2014 49 ltGeneral Elections 2014gt 2015 53 2016 58.4 2017 73 http//www.businessstandard.com/article/ptistories/indiasrichest1corner73ofwealthgenerationsurvey1180122000831.html AccheDin for top 1. Examining a major roadbuilding program in India researchers at Princeton Univ and Paris School of Economics used an innovative technique to show that political corruption increased the chances that roads meant to connect isolated areas to the rest of the country would never be built: [deleted]. Richest 1 Made 73 of Wealth Generation Last Year in India. PM Modi heads to Davos with a message for the world Indias time has come. The birth of Indias powerful Supreme Court. Bengaluru View A compelling case to have Bengaluru as second Indian capital. Maid in middleclass India Class is the new caste even in a metro coach. Equity investment limit for EPFO may be raised to 25 per cent: [deleted]. Nineteen EightyFour and Indias Severe Case of Aadhaaritis. Factory worker is caught sleeping 4 times. Took 22 years in court amp Supreme Court hearing to fire him.. Develop a USstyle online platform to sell bad loans Viral Acharya. Indias Richest 1 Cornered 73 Of Wealth Generated Last Year Oxfam Survey. Incredibly made documentary about a textile mill in Gujarat a must see for those who care about workers rights and great filmmaking. Woman Claims Her Aadhaar Linked To Nine Mobile Connections UIDAI Says Go File A Complaint With TRAI She also added that the executive told her that the operator had allowed six connections but failed to explain how the seventh eighth and ninth connections were linked to her Aadhaar. [ShowerThought] A common mans budget advice in a nutshell Send state into fiscal deficit.: Almost every interview with the common man can be summarised into two points gt Remove tax on pensions. Exempt tax on savings account. Exempt senior citizens from taxes. Raise the income tax bar to 5 LPA. Reduce GST to max 12 etc... gt Give free healthcare and education to every person. Give INR 5000 pm to unemployed youths. etc... Interviews https//in.finance.yahoo.com/photos/budget2018commonmanwantsslideshowwp114430983/pppspantaxphoto114430366.html . Economy experts on randia how true is this study that says jobless growth is a myth Link in description: So economic times published this https//m.economictimes.com/etnow/daily/newstudydebunksjoblessgrowththeorysays15mnjobsbeingcreatedeveryyear/videoshow/62528376.cms This government has been criticised a lot for its inflated growth number but this study apparently by SBI and IIM says 15 million jobs being created. Is this true. Delhi govt school libraries to get new lease of life. Kejriwal bats for International standard healthcare in Delhi govt hospitals. Delhi CM has asked the health department to virtually connect all govt hospitals polyclinics amp mohalla clinics in Delhi. There will also be a system to access realtime information on availability of doctors amp medicines. Change in Percent of Indian Households with Toilets from 2014 to 2017. Woman in Canada asks Sikh man remove turban threatens to rip it off Report. New study debunks jobless growth theory says 15 mn jobs being created every year. Gender parity can boost Indias GDP by 27 say World Economic Forum cochairs. What is US Government Shutdown Explained in Hindi. Nineteen EightyFour and Indias Severe Case of Aadhaaritis. Glaring income inequality staring at the Indian economy. Indias growing workforce at risk from robots could lead to major social issues says UBS. Lockheed Martin Proposes CustomBuilt Fighter Jets To Be Made In India. [P] Lockheed Martin proposes custommade fighter jets to be Made in India: [deleted]. World Bank to recalculate national rankings of ease of doing business. W8BEN Form Query: Im from India and Im a student currently. I recently joined Topcoder online programming challenges basically and was filling the payment method section. So I came across their terms and all and they need me to fill W8BEN form. Now Im kind of confused about how to fill the form. Ive got the basic things down like name DOB and address. But Im stuck on 2 things. There is this column for Reference Number. Im not sure what should I fill in this section. Where can I get the Reference Number Is it my bank account number And at last there is the Tax Treaty Benefits section. Im a student and Im a India citizen living in India. These are all required fields and I am not sure how to fill these. From what Ive read on internet for today is that IndiaUS have tax treaty. But Im still confused. Like theyll deduct tax on their end and then send me the money or Ill be exempted from the tax deduction in US but Ill need to file for the tax in India If they do settle the tax there then how much will they deduct Could someone please help me sort these things out.. Indian population is growing much faster in the north and the south is paying the price. Sellingoff Bad Loans A LastDitch Effort. The biggest Revelation On Aadhaar amp Why U Should Worry. Leading Indian Banks Suspend Bank Accounts Domestic Cryptocurrency Exchanges. Lockheed Martin proposes making custombuilt F35 fighter jets in India. Special Report How the government ignored the cost of pollution and undermined its clean air rules. In Odisha schools are the dropouts Hundreds of government schools especially in tribaldominated districts have been shut down over the past year.. A great article in The Guardian over WorkExhaustion and the culture of Post Work.: So someone posted about their unsatisfactory job here yesterday. Day before yesterday I had a long conversation with my friends over the necessity of work and what we would do in the absence of it. Today I came across this great article that relates all the criticisms of work and givea some good arguments in favour of abolishing toxic work culture. This is a long read so I will try to use a TLDR bot in the comments but Ive never done it before. If you know how to use the TLDR bot please do it below. Thanks https//www.theguardian.com/news/2018/jan/19/postworktheradicalideaofaworldwithoutjobs. The Aadhaar Game Can You Survive This Maze To Reach Your Food Ration: [deleted]. Andhra Pradesh/ Vijaywada Compulsion of Aadhaar spells trouble for parents and students during admission process: [deleted]. Mumbai Cameras with face recognition technology on Central Railway rakes by December.: [deleted]. Supreme Court refuses to hear RS MP Sasikala Pushpas plea seeking merger of voter ID with Aadhaar: [deleted]. Whats the problem sharing details with govt for Aadhaar SC to petitioners. A petitioner tells SC there is a difference between sharing the address proofwith a known private party and an unknown one.: [deleted]. Aadhaar Seeding To Eliminate Multiple Provident Fund Accounts Official. Bank account linking will help members to remotely manage accounts and for claim settlements.: [deleted]. Aadhaar to do away with witnesses for property registration from next month: [deleted]. India Enters Australia Group Inches Closer to Joining Nuclear Suppliers Group. Splitting Uttar Pradesh inevitable due to size and population Jairam Ramesh. Dont evaluate me only on demonetisation and GST says PM Modi. Data Protection Framework Public consultation meeting at Mumbai and Delhi. India tops in producing bachelors in science engineering. When the Yamuna riverbed becomes home for Delhis roofless: [deleted]. TRAI allows WiFi and mobile services on board for flyers in and over India.  10 :  10 2018 18 20 . . 10 Shaping the future of livestock sustainably responsibly efficiently Read Full Articles At https//www.vyoma.net/currentaffairs/ . Identify and enroll citizens without documents to Aadhaar Ministry to Panchayats. Even Dhonis UID details public list privacy safeguards says SC. I have sleepless nights over these hacking threats to Aadhaar system UIDAI CEO. GPS panic buttons must on public transport vehicles by Apr 1. Aadhaar When the Poor Get Left Out. Insider Leaks Biggest Threat to Aadhaar Data Protection IIT Profs. The experts are of the opinion that with a large fraction of the population lacking necessary cultural capital to selfmanage Virtual IDs it may cause distress to many.. [xpost] Indias Demonetization Fiasco How dumb was it really r/neoliberal. Petrol Price In Delhi Reaches Record High Since 2014 At Rs 71.56 And It Seems No One Has Time To Complain. New launches in real estate at their lowest level since 2005. Bank of India Recruitment 2018 Faculty Members Posts Apply Online: Bank of India recruitment 2018 Kolkata has released vacancy for Faculty Members Posts. BOI Updated Post on 18 January for the job opening in Bank of India 2018. Check eligibility and Apply Online on www.bankofindia.co.in . Check All the Latest job vacancies on sarkari exaam result Employment sarkariExam sarkariResult JobAlerts Government Recruitment sarkariexaamresult. GST Council rejigs rates of 29 items 53 services. Govt to scan purchases above Rs 6 lakh mainly luxury goods and jewellery. 2017 Was Turbulent for Farmers. Will 2018 Be Better. We need an effective OSHAlike agency in india. Its the need of the hour. [policy]. Government plans ring roads worth Rs 36290 crore in 28 major cities. Indias RampD expenditure up. Indias chronic indigestion is giving a big boost to its industrial production data. Everything about Aadhaar is unconstitutional. There is a complete lack of integrity. UIDAI does not even have privity of contract with the enrolment agencies Shyam Divan. A curious case of Aadhaar confusion Man denied Aadhaar after fingerprints partially match with seven others. Aadhaar from compiling a govt database to creating a surveillance society The UIDAI project today has moved to a state where every agency is required to collect keep and give to the State information pertaining to every person. Mobile phone companies and banks are the best known illustrations. Bangalore BMC doctor booked in Aadhaar case. Third doctor to be booked since last May for endorsing fake documents.. Aadhaar Security The Emperor has no Clothes. Most people assume that critics of Aadhaar are concerned about citizens fundamental right to privacy or the loss of statutory benefits such as rations due to a faulty Aadhaar system.. Alert For India Even Brief Exposure To Air Pollution Can Be Deadly Says Harvard Study. Exclusive India plans to raise health spending by 11 percent in budget less than requested. In Q3 Reliance Jio may be the only telco to report a profit. GST council lately everybody. Key govt. departments whose routers have been infiltrated. Physical banks will become history in next 3 years in India Amitabh Kant. Aadhaar Security The Emperor has no Clothes. Most people assume that critics of Aadhaar are concerned about citizens fundamental right to privacy or the loss of statutory benefits such as rations due to a faulty Aadhaar system.: [deleted]. Identify and enroll citizens without documents to Aadhaar Ministry to Panchayats. Telangana Aadhaar of buyer and seller mandatory for land deals. GST Council Meeting LIVE Some rates cut in 12 18 bracket items says Ukhand FM to TV. Budget 2018 Central Government plans to increase health spending by 11 percent. Exclusive India plans to raise health spending by 11 percent in budget less than requested. Blue and red passport controversy In system riddled with corruption no pride in this them versus us prejudice Firstpost. Budget 2018 Live News and Updates on Union Budget 2018 India. India to set up 350 million fund to finance solar projects. Ensure access for disabled in higher education SC. Comply with quota or face legal action warns court [20th Dec. 17]. 5 private Companies file an application in the Supreme Court in support of Aadhaar. Budget 2018 Dear Arun Jaitley personal income tax is dysfunctional just scrap it. Maharashtra clears Rs5000 crore investment in startup sector Maharashtra State Innovation and StartUp Policy aims to help establish 10000 startups in five years. Budget 2018 Dear Arun Jaitley personal income tax is dysfunctional just scrap it: [deleted]. Maharashtra clears Rs5000 crore investment in startup sector Maharashtra State Innovation and StartUp Policy aims to help establish 10000 startups in five years: [deleted]. Budget 2018 Dear Arun Jaitley personal income tax is dysfunctional just scrap it: [deleted]. Maharashtra clears Rs5000 crore investment in startup sector Maharashtra State Innovation and StartUp Policy aims to help establish 10000 startups in five years: [deleted]. Exclusive Japan in drivers seat for Indian bullet train deals. NPS rule change Now you can withdraw up to 25 after 3 years. Why simplifying the law is important in India. Dont Make in India Japanese Firms Likely to Bag 17 Million Bullet Train Contracts. Only 1 In 1000 Indians Lives In Area With Clean Air New Study [NP]. Google Coursera launch new course for entrylevel IT jobs. Registrations for the Google IT Support Professional Certificate launched by Google and Coursera opens on 16 January and all courses will launch on 23 January. 1 reservation for orphans in government jobs in Maharashtra. The reservation termed parallel reservation will be provided under the general category which means the government wont need to increase their caste reservation quota that has reached 52. Private companies team up to bat for Aadhaar in Supreme Court. GPS panic buttons must on public transport vehicles by Apr 1. Aadhaarphone link glitch has UID official SIMmering. To restore connection he was asked to submit fingerprints to telecom major.. Facing Protests Madurai Collector Withdraws Aadhaar Diktat on Jallikattu. The Aadhaar ecosystem leaks too much data. The ecosystem treats a breach as a simple accident without regard for consequences to the victims. Kiran Jonnalgadda. Now Aadhaar mandatory to access LIC policy online.. Bihar Bhagalpur farmers to link Aadhaar numbers for buying fertilizers. Aadhaar Starving the Poor A single identity card without which a citizen would be completely immobolised.. Aadhaar Law is inadequate to deal with privacy issues. Aadhaar ecosystem is unsafe as there are no parameters for protecting cyber security and privacy of its users. Pavan Duggal Expert in Cyberlaw. One in every 10 bitcoin transactions in the world happens in India. Complete Analysis of Petrol Price in India. Indian expats in UAE worried about passport reform. Indian expats in UAE worried about passport reform: [deleted]. Following the grain trail on Indias public distribution system. Karnataka woos techies organises blockchain hackathon: [deleted]. Trump administrations must list for immigrants Love for US skill job English. Apart from the Haj India subsidises a range of pilgrimages most of them Hindu But these expenditures are never viewed with concern about thrift or secularism. Indian Railways will use drones to monitor tracks rescue ops and traffic. Rs 10 Coin All 14 Designs Are Legal Tender Says Reserve Bank Of India. With Aadhaar State has a switch that can cause civil death of a citizen Petitioner in SC. Private Companies Petition Supreme Court For Continuity Of Aadhaar The Development Comes Ahead Of SCs Hearing On The Validity Of Aadhaar. Aadhaars new Face Authentication system opens up a Pandoras box of problems. Fake and furious Quacks unite to protest cop action [Not a Fake News]. Indias gold imports up 53 to 846 tonne. To Link or Not to Link Final Hearing on Aadhaar Begins in SC. Ahmedabad may get Israeli face recognition tech. Meanwhile on Twitter... [xpost /r/AadhaarMemes]. After report on Hanuman and Pakistani spys Aadhaar numbers websites to check UID status go down. The UIDAIs own platform to verify Aadhaar numbers was unreachable on Tuesday.. Unanswered questions on Aadhaar When a God is a ghost and has an LPG connection. Delhi mans bank account linked to Aadhaar without his consent. ICICI Bank admits to human error and fixes it after Congress leader takes to Twitter to vent his anger. A Thane businessman had made similar allegations against the same bank in Dec last year.. As part of project 5000 CCTVs were installed at 500 places in Surat used for Aadhaar based surveillance by NECs face recognition tech NeoFaceWatch while NeoFaceReveal is used for forensic criminal investigation using recorded videos still face images amp sketches of suspects.. Aadhaar Based Surveillance By Foreign Firms. An era of Jobless Growth No not at all.. Forcible Linking of Aadhaar and mobile Retired Vice Admiral in Pune finds two unknown numbers in Delhi linked to his Aadhaar number. Delhi govt signs MoU with Fukuoka to combat air pollution. Following the Grain Trail Many States have initiated reforms of the public distribution system that are hurting millions of people. TFW bots trending AadhaarMythBuster on Twitter.. IITBombay row Is separateplate rule for meat eaters caste discriminationor not a big deal. IITBombay row Is separateplate rule for meat eaters caste discrimination or not a big deal: [deleted]. Aadhaar case in final stage SC to begin hearing pleas challenging validity of 12digit UIDAI number. Coalition for Aadhaar Group of private companies bat for use of Aadhaar for eKYC and background verification process. Following the grain trail on Indias public distribution system Many States have initiated reforms of the public distribution system that are hurting millions of people. Aurangabad Aadhaar fraud Extax officials 2 plots sold off. Aadhaar is an evolving endeavour UIDAI responsive to public concerns. As the usage of Aadhaar grows there has been concern a unique identifier such as Aadhaar being seeded in multiple databases opens up the possibility of deep profiling and tracking. These fears are overhyped and baseless.. Bengal CPIML groups to campaign for Aadhaar optout option. GST Council May Cut Rates On 7080 Goods Services Streamline Returns Filing. Foreign tourist arrivals hit new high of one crore earnings cross 27billion mark. What are some things in daily life that we can do as citizens to make India a better place: I am a proud Indian and I keep thinking of things to do in daily life which might even be small but might bring about a big change to solve some of our problems. Also how can we Indians monetize Indias problems so that it becomes in the interests of businesses to solve them. I am of the view that problems only get solved when solving them helps businesses make money.. India Identification Project Threatens Rights. Around 600000 jobs being created a month in formal sector in FY18 Study. Around 600000 jobs being created a month in formal sector in FY18 Study. [Policy] CII urges govt to bring petrol natural gas under GST: [deleted]. 5 Features of Delhis Doorstep Delivery of Public Services Scheme. Data nail how Bihar neglects its daughters. Brexit Antiimmigration fears Number of Indian students in Britain falls in 5 years. Indias ruining its grand plans to become a solar powerhouse. The subprime signs of Indias affordable housing. The data on bad loans in affordable housing indicates that the side effects of home loan interest subsidy may sometimes be negative. With Greater Economic Strength India Believes Its Time Has Come. India Is Unprepared For Its Gathering Teen Sexual Revolution. GST 200 days A timeline. Aadhaar has built a strong base for Indias digital achievements Today 119 crore Indians have Aadhaar in a population of nearly 130 crore. It stands tall as an Indian innovation globally acknowledged as the worlds largest digital identity programme. Ravi Shankar Prasad. After midday meal Centre extends use of Aadhaar to track outofschool children. A subcommittee of Central Advisory Board of Education CABE recommended the use of Aadhaar biometrics to track childrens education in the country.. Army to launch Aadhaarbased grievance redressal system. Concerns over Pehchan card data after Aadhaar breach. Theres Tax on Milk and Rice Its Hard To Watch Kajol Defending GST on Sanitary Pads. Five Simple Steps To Give A Powerful Boost To Indias Economy. If India Can Have National GST Why Cant It Have Universal National Healthcare. There has been no Aadhaar databreach till date RS Sharma. Diesel Price Rises to New Record Level Petrol Touches 3year High. Enabling a form of supersurveillance. What do you think should be done in the upcoming union budget and what do you think will actually be done : 2018 union budget speculation thread... Concerns over Pehchan card data after Aadhaar breach: [deleted]. When The Constitutional Validity Of Aadhaar Is Under Challenge Before SC Chattisgarh HC Makes It Mandatory For Accused And Sureties For Bail. Army to launch Aadhaarbased grievance redressal system. The Indian Army will launch a new online grievance redressal system which will be based on Aadhaar number Army chief General Bipin Rawat said: [deleted]. Personal income tax Budget 2018 Dear Arun Jaitley personal income tax is dysfunctional just scrap it. PM Narendra Modi promises more reforms invites Israeli companies to invest. Indias ruining its grand plans to become a solar powerhouse. Budget 2018 The missing political dimension Times of India. Indias ruining its grand plans to become a solar powerhouse: [deleted]. Government plans to auction enemy properties worth Rs 1 lakh crore. Drug prices A 300billion reason Indias drug price cap will stay. Organised retail share in India to touch 10 by 2020 Crisil. How Madhya Pradesh worked a miracle in agriculture. There has been no Aadhaar databreach till date RS Sharma. PETROL Price in Delhi is lowest than other metros cities right now.: Diesel prices have touched a record high of Rs 61.74 per litre and petrol prices have crossed Rs 71 as international oil rates continue to rally. Source https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/brandwire/technology/articlelist/55700683.cms. Benami Transactions Prohibition Act 1988 operational after 28 years [Policy]. our conventional oil production has peaked. UIDAI to introduce facial authentication for Aadhaar. India Ranked 30th on Global Manufacturing Index by WEF. WEF ranks India 30th on global manufacturing index. India to be fastest growing economy again in 2018 World Bank. India is likely to regain the position in 2018 with growth expected to accelerate to 7.3 in the year according to the World Banks Global Economic Prospects. Does anyone know as in where the HDI 2016 details for India is available. SIM fraud helping criminals hide their trace say Bengaluru police indianews Hindustan Times. WTO Support grows for India in solar tiff with US. There has been no Aadhaar databreach till date RS Sharma. [r/offmychest] I Fing knew it. I knew what Bitcoin is but didnt know how to F use it. Now 1 F Bitcoin equals Rs. 850000/ and I slap myself.: [F it]https//screenshotscdn.firefoxusercontent.com/images/115dfc03783644a49c5683d553e8fcb0.png. With Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu visiting India we look forward to more hugs from PM Modi Hugplomacy. Chhattisgarhs Sterilisation Deaths Have Changed Nothing For Family Planning Burden on Women. WEF ranks India 30th on global manufacturing index Japan tops. How Reliance Jios Entry Tied Regulatory Knots Around Indias Telecom Ecosystem. Aadhaar surveillance chant is just silly scare tactic. Facing Protests Madurai Collector Withdraws Aadhaar Diktat on Jallikattu: [deleted]. Aadhaar Starving the Poor A single identity card without which a citizen would be completely immobolised.: [deleted]. Concerns over Pehchan card data after Aadhaar breach: [deleted]. Fifth column Aadhaar An idea gone very wrong The one thing that has changed is that they are all forced now to have an Aadhaar card and if they want work under the MNREGA they need to upload their details to get a job card. [Tavleen Singh]: [deleted]. Aadhaar Law is inadequate to deal with privacy issues. Aadhaar ecosystem is unsafe as there are no parameters for protecting cyber security and privacy of its users. [Pavan Duggal Expert in Cyberlaw]: [deleted]. Top Court Hearing On Aadhaar Validity 7 Other Critical Issues From January 17.: [deleted]. Aadhaar unconstitutional flawed by design Activists to launch national campaign to ensure Aadhaar is not made mandatory: [deleted]. Aadhaar Body Talked About Virtual ID 7 Years Ago Put It Off UIDAI Chief: [deleted]. Indias missing middle class. India May Be The Worlds Fastest Growing Economy But Regional Disparity Is A Serious Challenge. How Israel is bringing new technology for the Indian farmer For India among the largest food producers globally the challenge is to counter the effects of erratic rainfall raise productivity and use water efficiently. Indias missing middle class. India has a hole where its middle class should be. TIL that the Government of India has a Salt Commissioner. Indias missing middle class Multinational businesses relying on Indian consumers face disappointment. India jumped 30 ranks in the World Banks Ease of Doing Business rating last year but now the World Bank is recalculating the data for all countries after errors were exposed.: You may recall that a lot of noise was made in October when the Ease of Doing Business Report came out. India was reported as one of the top ten improvers with a much higher ranking than before. See http//www.worldbank.org/en/news/pressrelease/2017/10/31/indiajumpsdoingbusinessrankingswithsustainedreformfocus But now the World Bank says that the ratings for the last four years will be recalculated for all countries. Errors were exposed in the data calculation apparently especially with relation to Chile. The WSJ reports gt The World Bank repeatedly changed the methodology of one of its flagship economic reports over several years in ways it now says were unfair and misleading. gt gt The World Banks chief economist Paul Romer told The Wall Street Journal on Friday he would correct and recalculate national rankings of business competitiveness in the report called Doing Business going back at least four years. https//www.wsj.com/articles/worldbankunfairlyinfluenceditsowncompetitivenessrankings1515797620 It is interesting to note that this is not the first time revisions have happened gt Interestingly in 2013 the Doing Business report 2014 India was initially ranked 134 but it was revised to 140 after adjustments were made and data corrections were reflected. http//www.financialexpress.com/economy/worldbanktorevieweaseofdoingbusinessrankingswillitaffectindia/1013755/ So we will have to wait and see if the revised calculations show how much Indias position has changed from last year. . Delhi and Punjab richest states Jain wealthiest community National survey indianews: [deleted]. Muslim women will not misuse the triple talaq law. India has 600 million young people and theyre set to change our world Ian Jack: [deleted]. Why is Jio sending me OTP. Is it pulling some airtel bank type of shit behind users back.. superpower by 2020 jai hind. Indias missing middle class Multinational businesses relying on Indian consumers face disappointment: [deleted]. Delhi and Punjab richest states Jain wealthiest community National survey. India jumps 21 spots in global luxury car ranking. SBI likely to lower minimum balance requirement to Rs 1000 in metros. DBS Indias economy likely to grow by 6.6 per cent in FY18. Indias top judges issue unprecedented warning over integrity of supreme court. The Guardian MORE ABOUT Supreme Court of India Chief Justice of India Indias top judges issue unprecedented warning over integrity of supreme court: [deleted]. India Is Said to Stall Drug Price Proposal as Industry Balks. Indias Industrial Output Grows 8.4 In November. November IIP growth jumps to 8.4 retail inflation accelerates further. India to be fastest growing economy again in 2018 World Bank. Loya Case the Tipping Point Four SC Judges Say Democracy Is in Danger. India turns Tesla model on its head to target mass market. Can consumer seek legal help for any dispute with Chinese online shopping websites like banggood. Government Denies Marital Rape Occurs National Survey Shows 5.4 of Married Women Are Victims The Wire. Aadhaar an Unique ID for a Billion people Its time to fall behind and move forward: [deleted]. Aadhaar website has basic security flaws blogs Aussie expert. Bhubaneswar Aadhaar must for Swachh latrines. Aadhaar EVMs tools of autocracy There is a parallel between the UIDAI action in The Tribune case and the Election Commission of Indias attitude on the integrity of EVMs. The technology of these two instruments is not infallible.. Introduction of virtual Aadhaar case of too little too late Experts. Indias GDP per head adjusted for purchasingpower parity is less than half of China and a quarter of Russia. In the absence of privacy and data protection laws the overuse of Aadhaar could result in privacy violations and data breaches. The government would do well to address these issues just as it would do well to adopt the concept of data minimisation. Twitter user highlights security flaws in UIDAIs mAadhaar app for Android devices user data could be compromised. Five months after FIR by UIDAI official no chargesheet yet. Based on a complaint of alleged hacking filed by a deputy director of UIDAI on July 27 last year Bengaluru police had arrested the techie Abhinav Srivastava 31 on August 3.. Chennai Aadhaar card must for licence for roadside bunk shops HC. Court bars sale of cigarettes other tobacco products. Madurai Aadhaar Card Mandatory For Bull Tamers to Participate in Jallikattu. India should not copy China for urbanisation Niti Aayog VC. How Israel is bringing new technology for the Indian farmer. Service providers must delete Aadhaar details say activists Times of India. India has a hole where its middle class should be. Indian Constitutional Political Economy and the Bhopal Gas Tragedy with Shruti Rajagopalan. And Now In Rajasthan Gauraksha Police Chowkis: [deleted]. Assam school students get free textbooks worth Rs 112 crore. India tops domestic air traffic demand at 16.4 in November IATA. Bad omen for DStreet Stocks amp rupee defying basics of economics. Manmohan Singhs personal integrity cloak is in tatters after 2G judgement and A Rajas tellall book. The curious case of FIR by the UIDAI. Vodafone No challenge to validity of retrospective amendment to IT Act. Fifty percent of adults in India disapprove of women working and 40 of those in Delhi think Dalits marrying nonDalits should be illegal a new study has found.. U.S. places India at Level 2 in its new travel advisory for citizens. An Online Researcher Hacked Into Aadhaars Official Android App To Show How Poorly Its Secured. This is crazy Aadhar app has huge security flaws..app is saving your biometric settings in a local database..Why are News channels covering it: [deleted]. Introduction of virtual Aadhaar case of too little too late Experts. Aadhaar EVMs tools of autocracy There is a parallel between the UIDAI action in The Tribune case and the Election Commission of Indias attitude on the integrity of EVMs. The technology of these two instruments is not infallible.. Bhubaneswar Aadhaar must for Swachh latrines. Aadhaar data breach Innovations in India cant be killed under garb of privacy says Ravi Shankar Prasad. Indias strategic moment. How GST has taken the suspense out of Budget. India Incs topline growth to hit 5year high of 9 in Q3 Crisil. Indias growth momentum gathered pace in December Morgan Stanley. Temporary 16Digit Virtual ID To Secure Aadhaar Data Privacy 10 Points. Temporary 16Digit Virtual ID To Secure Aadhaar Data Privacy 10 Points: [deleted]. India topping the top 10 importers of weapons 20122016. Why Indian cities need an integrated development agenda. Bitcoin is neither legal nor illegal in Indiaand everyones confused. Dont Travel to Jammu and Kashmir US Tells Citizens in Latest Travel Advisory. Hostel mess facility to attract 5 GST Finance ministry. Home sales drop to sevenyear low in 2017 report. The Aadhaar Song by Actor Director and Writer Jayant Kripalani. Unique question Will we have a life after Aadhaar. Is Indias Aadhaar System Really HackProof Assessing a Publicly Observable Security Posture. Alert Your Aadhaar details are being sold for INR 500: [removed]. Delhi government to fund 77000 senior citizens going on pilgrimages. The allexpensespaid trip will be on five designated routes HaridwarRishikeshNeelkanth AjmerPushkar AmritsarAnantpur Sahib VaishnodeviJammu MathuraVrindavan.. Satyam case Sebi bans PwC entities from auditing listed firms for two years. Diesal prices hit alltime high of 60.99/Litre in Delhi: Earlier such hike used to be covered in news. Now they increase price daily. . The Guy Who Helped Create Indias Controversial National ID Program Leaked His Own Data And Its Still Online: [deleted]. Soon AhmedabadGandhinagar in 20 minutes. Home prices drop first time in 10 years. Are People Without Aadhaar NonExistent for Govt Asks Supreme Court. Soon pay for each and every banking transaction even for passbook updates address changes. Metro Matters How new partner London can help Delhi ride better: [deleted]. UIDAIs new Virtual ID for Aadhaar 10 key points Times of India. 100 FDI in Retail Construction BJPs double standard stands Exposed. What if government gives Rs 30000 per annum to the poorest 100 million households of India.: Despite fast economic growth after economic reforms of 1991 there are still many people in India who are too poor. What if our government starts a sort of UBI for the poor people by giving Rs 30000 per annum to the poorest 10 crore families It will help them to break the vicious cycle of poverty. Those people will afford to send their kids to the government schools. They will also able to eat more nutritious foods. It may also solve the problem of overpopulation because more children will mean less money per head. A little more money can do wonders for the poorest folks. It will also fuel our economic growth in the future by bringing many more people in the main stream. The total cost of such a project is 50 billion which is only 2 of our GDP. We can get that money by slightly improving our Tax to GDP ratio which is 17.7 which is way less than USA 26 UK34.4 Japan 35.9 Brazil 34.4 or even China 20.1.. NRIs exempted from linking mobile connections to Aadhaar. UIDAI introduces concept of Virtual ID to address privacy concerns. 12member interministerial panel to take a call on playing of national anthem in cinema halls. Why Seychelles Has Been Very Slow in Removing Hurdles for Indias Assumption Island Project The Wire. Jharkhand Thousands Protest Against Denial Of Food In The Name Of Aadhaar. Dont People Without Aadhaar Card Exist For You SC Raps Govt. If a person is homeless and does not have a permanent address how can he have the Aadhaar card the bench asked Additional Solicitor General Tushar Mehta who was representing Uttar Pradesh government.. Indias biometric programme is putting the identities of a billion people at risk. Denial Of Information For Lack Of Aadhaar Is A Serious Breach Of RTI Act CIC [Read Order]. If No Aadhaar Does Person Not Exist For Government Asks Supreme Court. The Supreme Court court made the comments while hearing a case related not to Aadhaar but to nightshelters for homeless people across the country in the deepening winter chill: [deleted]. The government has halted minting of Rs 1 2 amp 5 coins. In India a Cess a Day Keeps Governance Away The extreme underutilisation of funds that accrue from various cesses indicate either gross inefficiencies or a lack of sincere concern.. Telecom panel for lifting spectrum cap. Assuaging privacy concerns UIDAI restricts use of Aadhaar numbers. TN announces release of 750 crore as retirement dues for transport workers. UIDAI introduces Virtual ID for Aadhaar cardholders to address privacy concerns. Government Introduces 16Digit Virtual ID To Secure Aadhaar Amid Allegations Of Data Breach. Swachh Bharat A public health crisis is upon us here is how to avert it. Government mints stop production of coins urge RBI to clear storage rooms. Trade body CAIT slams govt says 100 FDI in retail would harm small businesses. UIDAI introduces virtual ID limited KYC for Aadhaar card holders. Virtual ID can be used to avoid the need for sharing the Aadhaar number at the time of authentication limited KYC service will eliminate the need to store Aadhaar numbers by agencies. CignaTTK denied cashless approval due to lack of Aadhaar card. All is not well with Aadhaar. NRIs exempted from linking mobile connections to Aadhaar. A large number of overseas Indians had made representations to the government about facing difficulties in operating their mobile connections procured in India.. Amid privacy concerns and allegations Aadhaar Virtual ID introduced by UIDAI. UIDAI introduces Virtual ID amp Limited KYC to improve privacy. Cabinet nod for 100 FDI in single brand retail via automatic route 49 in Air India through approval. Cabinet clears 100 FDI in singlebrand retail via automatic route. India allows 100 percent FDI in singlebrand retail via automatic route. 13 km elevated lane to bypass Ring Roads gets Delhi government nod. Aadhaar card helps cops nab triple murder convict.. No Aadhaar No shelter homeless in Hyderabad told. Direct tax mop up soars 18 to Rs 6.56 lakh cr during AprilDecember. 7th Pay Commission latest news Great news This is when salaries will be adjusted. Aadhaar goes global finds takers in Russia and Africa. Countries such as Morocco Algeria and Tunisia express interest in adopting the model or some form of it [2016]. Government may amend power act to levy hefty penalties on discoms. Yogi Adityanath cracks down on crime to make Uttar Pradesh safe for investment. Rs 18 lakh crore What India could gain by cutting road deaths. Future of 1000 students from Nepal hangs in balance sans Aadhaar card. Battling Indias bureaucracy for babies and businesses. A brush with the civil service reveals how complex deals end up being blocked. Direct tax collections rise 18.2 in April December. Direct tax collection jumps 18.2 per cent to Rs 6.5 lakh crore in AprilDecember Govt: [deleted]. World Bank says India has huge potential projects 7.3 growth in 2018. Budget 2018 A lower corporate tax rate may not make all happy. GST Reverse charge mechanism a catch22 situation for small businesses. This is what your bank is charging you for a basic savings account. Uttar Pradesh GDSP Expected to Expand at 16 for 20172018. American Born Desis vs Indian H1B Visa Immigrants. Seven Manual Scavengers Died in Seven Days. Why Is There Still Silence. Anyone With Your Aadhaar Number Can See Which Bank You Have an Account In. Elderly Mumbai couple with no children writes to President to allow active euthanasia. Beware of people asking for Aadhar Number over the telephone on the pretext of pending KYC for bank accounts.: Tldr Do not provide your Aadhar number over the telephone to any one under any circumstance. Go to your nearest branch for KYC. For verifying authenticity of the caller ask for details about your bank account name of branch account number types and number of accounts you hold in the branch. Spread awareness amongst people especially those who can easily be a victim of such frauds. Today I was called from a mobile number pretending to be a call from SBI. The person on the other side of the telephone seemed very professional and started the conversation mimicking someone who actually works in SBI. He started off saying that my KYC was pending and that my passbook and debit card would be blocked of I do not update my KYC. He would be sending an SMS to my number and I should reply to the number with my Aadhar and PAN details. I informed him that my KYC was already completed and asked him to give details proving his authenticity. At this he stated that he was calling from the main branch in Noida and that my Aadhar number was not showing in the central database. Side note SBI sends a letter stating KYC status stands verified after successful verification. I have already received this letter so I played along. I informed him that I have already completed the KYC verification and then asked him state the name of the branch in which I had my account. At this he quickly concluded If you are absolutely sure that KYC has been completed then it is alright and disconnected the call. Some of my friends and family members have also dealt with similar fraud calls. Do not provide your Aadhar number over the telephone to any one under any circumstance. Go to your nearest branch for KYC. For verifying authenticity of the caller ask for details about your bank account name of branch account number types and number of accounts you hold in the branch. Spread awareness amongst people especially those who can easily be a victim of such frauds.. Aadhaar sitting duck for cyber criminals says RBIbacked research Read more at Aadhaar data Aadhaar sitting duck for cyber criminals says RBIbacked research. What is wrong with the current Indian labor laws: I have heard this repeatedly that the India is lacking on the manufacturing side inspire of pursuits like Make in India because of our archaic labor laws. What parts of current labor laws are impediment for development Could someone elaborate on this. Playing of national anthem in cinema halls not mandatory Supreme Court Times of India. Aadhaar sitting duck for cyber criminals says RBIbacked research: [deleted]. Aadhaar sitting duck for cyber criminals says RBIbacked research. CanadaIndia initiative for training of smart city planners. NPCI appoints Dilip Asbe as MD amp CEO ahead of UPI 2.0 launch. Uttam Nayak from Visa was in the fray to take over the position but lost out to the inhouse expert Asbe.. Airtel confirms termination of retailers but keeps mum on Aadhaar eKYC connection. Aadhaar sitting duck for cyber criminals says RBIbacked research. UIDAI firewalls 5000 officials from Aadhaar portal following the breach. UIDAI has overhauled its system to enable access only by entering the biometrics of the person whose details were sought to be verified.. Supreme Court modifies its order on National Anthem says it is not mandatory in cinema halls. Supreme Court modifies its order on National Anthem says it is not mandatory in cinema halls: [deleted]. Congressruled Karnatakas ebilling project is now model for NDAs GST. aadhaarirl: [deleted]. Govt notifies amendments to Companies Act. PIL in HC seeks probe into Aadhaar data leak: [deleted]. Karnataka Denied ration for not linking Aadhaar Chikballapur Dalit families eat raw veggies in protest. 16 Dalit families in Chowdadenahalli village have been denied ration for the past 1.5 years as they have not linked ration cards to Aadhaar.. Expect hike in minimum pension to Rs 7500 per month under EPS95. Arrest Aadhaar authorities not journalist who exposed data breach Edward Snowden. Indias jobless growth is not a myth If we do not recognize the problem on hand we will not have any reason to try and find solutions CEO Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy CMIE. Huge relief for Indians as Trump administration drops draconian H1B visa proposal. Fix that leak Aadhar. The problem of land hoarding. NPCI plans to inculcate Aadhaarbased payments in UPI 2.0. When a tech idea goes into a government office. Aadhaar was designed as an enabler a utility. That is its strength and its weakness. Karnataka cabinet approves bill mandating Aadhaar. Aadhaar Database Fails Privacy Test Draft Data Protection Bill Committee Is A Trojan Horse... Aadhaar Database Fails Privacy Test Draft Data Protection Bill Committee Is A Trojan Horse Live Law. Former Karnataka HC judge joins legal challenge against Aadhaar. Rs 31930 crore initiatives to decongest Delhi Nitin Gadkari: [deleted]. Aadhaar data UIDAI firewalls 5000 officials post breach The Economic Times. Ravi Shankar Prasad downplays FIR against The Tribune but what is the truth Alt News. Gujarat tops new logistics index that flags inefficiency of states. The Unease Of Doing Business In India: [deleted]. Why is the Indian stock market at an alltime high. India wastes Rs 244 crore worth of food a day Report. Latest Business and Financial News The Economic Times on mobile: [deleted]. Litigation Filed in India for Immediate Intervention of the Flow of Bitcoins. No need for national anthem in theatres Centre asks SC to put order on hold says panel will form guidelines in 6 months. JNTU No Aadhaar no affiliation JNTU warns colleges. Aadhaar card No Aadhaar no cashless treatment woman told. Aadhaar for Kids Aadhaar mandatory for nursery admission heres how to enrol your child for Aadhaar. Tata Power sets up electric car charging infrastructure in malls in Mumbai. Indian economy faces an ominous new year in 2018. Mission Indradhanush How govt vaccinated over 2.55 crore children across the country. Clerics in Patna signing vaccination pledges camps after sunset for children of migrant workers in Maharashtra boat clinics in Assam taking the booster shot to remote locations. Aadhaar FIR Are We Living In Banana Republic Asks Shatrughan Sinha. Take back order on National Anthem in cinema halls till fresh circular is issued Centre tells Supreme Court.. Aadhaar helped identify 80000 ghost teachers in higher education institutions Times of India. As GDP growth slows Indias demographic dividend could turn into disaster. As GDP growth slows Indias demographic dividend could turn into disaster: [deleted]. Uttar Pradesh Uttar Pradesh to prepare own logistics policy to boost growth. As GDP growth slows Indias demographic dividend could turn into disaster: [deleted]. As GDP growth slows Indias demographic dividend could turn into disaster: [deleted]. YSK You can know which bank ANY Aadhar number is linked to by dialing 99991 followed by the Aadhar number from your mobile phone: You can do it on any mobile phone and any Aadhar number. 99991ltAadharNumbergt Oh btw Aadhar is very secure. Secure is Aadhar. Omlette Du Fromage Omlette Du Fromage. A slowing economy risks turning Indias demographic dividend into a disaster. Three Gujarat websites including government portal made Aadhaar details public. MeitY invites comments on white paper on data protection framework for India last date 31st January. College asking for GST: My B.Tech college is asking us students to pay the GST of 18 on the mess charges. The mess is provided by an outsourced catering company. The payment to it was made in May 2017. But the law came into effect from July 2017 afaik. They are asking to pay 8640rs now. Should I pay it or is there any way I can not pay it. We got the circular today and the due date is in 11days. When asked the same they are asking to see Govt Notification 46/2017 .. How singleorigin coffees in India disappeared The Hindu. The Daily Fix Even if you believe in the Aadhaar project UIDAIs behaviour should shock you. Got a startup idea but no money Karnataka is ready to fund your dream. Impulsive Imposition Language and Politics of Majoritarianism in India. Karnataka Cabinet clears Bill to make Aadhaar must. Hyderabad No Aadhaar no affiliation JNTU warns colleges. Gurugram Banks told to link accounts with Aadhaar by Febend. Now Aadhaar must for being a surety in Chhattisgarh courts. Uttar Pradesh govt restricts use of loudspeakers at religious public places. Aadhaar based on flawed technology prone to data breach SC told. 5judge Constitution Bench to begin hearing of petitions against Aadhaar on Jan 17. Openended FIR filed in Aadhaar leak case. The whys and hows of public sector bank recapitalisation. Rs 31930 crore initiatives to decongest Delhi Nitin Gadkari. Some red flags in the economy numbers Agriculture is the most alarming. Trump administrations H1B visa norms changes to hit 5 lakh Indian workers in US. [NP] Dont privatise Air India give it 5 years to revive parliamentary panel: gt Strongly recommending that the airlines debt should be written off by the government So more taxpayer funds down the drain... gtThe panel is also understood to have concluded that the equity infusion in the national carrier as part of the turnaround plan TAP was made on a piece meal basis adversely affecting its financial and operational performance and forcing the airline to take loans at a higher interest rate to meet the shortfall. And the free money that they got was not enough to proper them up so they needed more money. Kerala Pensioner Left With Rs 250 Only As SBI Cuts Rs 3050 For Not Maintaining Minimum Balance. Hindi at the UN : [deleted]. Dont privatise Air India give it 5 years to revive parliamentary panel. Indias Industrial Sector Myth and Reality One of the elements of the socalled revival in GDP growth in the second quarter of the current year 201718 was an apparent rebound of manufacturing sector growth.. Indias Industrial Sector Myth and Reality One of the elements of the socalled revival in GDP growth in the second quarter of the current year 201718 was an apparent rebound of manufacturing sector growth.: [deleted]. Beyond the Aadhaar security breach. Out of Aadhaar NRIs face stumbling blocks. UIDAI directive says only resident Indians are eligible for Aadhaar. Indian Railways to equip all 8500 stations with WiFi. A month before the budget Indias corporate investments have hit a 13year low: [deleted]. Indias Quest to Become a Manufacturing Powerhouse. Indias GDP growth seen decelerating to 6.5 in 201718 from 7.1 in 201617. Telangana govt to issue Aadhaar at birth. GHMC proposed the project where Aadhaar numbers will be issued to newborn babies along with birth certificates.. First Consultation on New Data Protection Law Takes Place in Shadow of Massive Aadhaar Leak. The recent consultation in Delhi was the first of four taking place around the country this month.. iSpirit cofounder Sharad Sharma apologises after being outed as anonymous troll of Aadhaar critics [May 17]. Inside the mind of Indias chief tech stack evangelist [May 17]. The Economist forecast of GDP growth of all countries in 2018. PAN bank accounts and over 100 services schemes you need to link your Aadhaar to [Last Updated on 23rd Aug. 2017]. Telangana govt to issue Aadhaar at birth. GHMC proposed the project where Aadhaar numbers will be issued to newborn babies along with birth certificates.: [deleted]. Nursery admissions 10 days before deadline parents worry about childrens Aadhaar. Chennai No Aadhaar no cashless treatment woman told. Where the most MBBS seats are Interesting data.. Fear of identity theft from Aadhaars servers The New Indian Express. Indias Economic Woes Are Piercing Modis Aura of Invulnerability The New York Times. Indias Economic Woes Are Piercing Modis Aura of Invulnerability: [deleted]. BJP needs to stop making tall claims says Chidambaram after government predicts slow GDP growth. The cacophony of GDP numbers The formalization of the Indian economy due to GST can boost GDP growth figures to 8 in FY2018. Indian news website retracts story confirming Kulbhushan Jadhav recruited by RAW as a spy. The Modi Govts Attempt to Gain Official Status for Hindi in the UN Is Futile and Divisive. Assam CM Urges Youths to Devote Themselves to Agriculture. Indias GDP growth seen decelerating to 6.5 in 201718 from 7.1 in 201617. Finally 1 1 Indian Rupee. Comparison of Changes in Fertility rates no. of babies per women from 1800s to 2015 in India China and Singapore size of the bubble is proportional to population. Solar Panels Worth 150 Million Stuck At Indian Ports May Delay Prime Minister Narendra Modis Clean Energy Goals. New India Assurance wants more time to seed Aadhaar with insurance policies. India sees slowest growth since 2014 as new tax roils economy. Indias per capita income growth may fall 8.3 to Rs 111782 in FY18 CSO: [deleted]. Reliance Jio now gives 28GB data for Rs 149 Comparison with budget recharge offers from Airtel Vodafone. Does It Make Economic Sense for IOC and Gail India to Invest in Adanis LNG Terminals. Why Indian Railways Need To Buy 3350 Truckloads Of Cow Dung For Rs 42 Cr IndiaSpend. Prepare for unexpected risk Indias Rajan Former central banker says policy normalization will be very slow. GST Firms looking for a way to change their GST officials. Indian Bitcoin Exchanges Ask Govt if Bitcoin Comes Under Goods or Services [P]. GDP growth seen slowing to 4year low of 6.5 in 201718. Five more cases of Aadhaarrelated frauds at two PSBs The Indian Express. Its 2018 and into the bin the Aadhaar must go Business Standard Column. UIDAI has the authority to deactivate your aadhaar number under Aadhaar Act 2016: Under Powers and functions of Authority It clearly says omitting and deactivating of an Aadhaar number and information relating thereto in such manner as may be specified by regulations. The Mumbai Dalit strike is just the beginning of unrest in India. RBI introduces new chocolate brown ten rupee note Times of India. More US curbs on H1B visas mean a world of woes for Indian techies and their spouses. GDP Expected To Grow At 6.5 In 201718 Forecasts Government NDTV. India stood firm on its stand on fundamental principles of WTO. RBI Introduces 10 banknote in Mahatma Gandhi New Series. Indias Quest to Become a Manufacturing Powerhouse. RBI to issue new Rs 10 notes in chocolate brown colour RBI has already printed around 1 billion pieces of the new Rs 10 note with chocolate brown background bearing the picture of Konark Sun Temple. Budget session of Parliament to begin from Jan 29 Union Budget on Feb 1. Aadhaar uncovers around 130000 ghost teachers in colleges The teacherstudent ratio a measure of quality of education which is already abysmal at 121 is set to worsen after the discovery of bogus teachers: [deleted]. Indias Quest to Become a Manufacturing Powerhouse: [deleted]. ReserveBankOfIndia on Twitter RBI Introduces 10 banknote in Mahatma Gandhi New Series. FY18 GDP advance estimates today Growth to slip below 7 say experts. Left without homes 550 displaced Muslim families of Kalyannagar to restart stir: [deleted]. Heed the patient National Medical Commission Bill must address the needs of the consumer rather than the interests of medical practitioners and quacks.. Workers held captive in Indian mills supplying Hugo Boss. UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey on the Tribune report which says Aadhaar details are on sale for Rs 500 Shereen Bhan CNBCTV18: [deleted]. Fresh investments in India plunge to a 13year low as stalled projects rise Livemint. UIDAI CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey on the Tribune report which says Aadhaar details are on sale for Rs 500 Shereen Bhan CNBCTV18. Manipur takes steps to check influx from Assam. India nods border pact with Myanmar. Aadhaars Dirty Secret Is Out Anyone Can Be Added as a Data Admin. Live updates Tamil Nadu bus strike continues commuters affected. UDAY scheme helped discoms of 24 states cut losses to Rs 369 bn in FY17. SBI HDFC IDBI and more banking apps targeted by new Android malware. Maharashtra Municipal Corporations Act 36. 3 Appointment of the Commissioner: Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection 2 the Commissioner may at any time if he holds a lien on the service of the [Government] be recalled to such service after consultation with the Corporation and may further at any time be removed from office by the [State] Government for incapacity misconduct or neglect of duty and shall forthwith be so removed if at a meeting of the Corporation not less than fiveeighths of the whole number of councillors vote in favour of a resolution requiring his removal. How did they decide fiveeighths as the ratio Lets say the Corporation of Mumbai has 227 councillors so from those 152 shall vote to remove the commissioner. How are such ratios decided and by whom . Personal Data of a Billion Indians Sold Online For 8 Report Claims Slashdot. Food sovereignty is need of the hour. India GDP growth forecast at 7 in 201819 7.6 in 201920. How to Link Aadhaar card with Mobile phone number at homewith steps.. A potential headache despite manufacturing amp factory activity showing positive growth.. AADHAAR UIDAI probes report on breach of Aadhaar database The Economic Times. Fate of triple talaq bill remains uncertain as RS adjourned till Friday amid uproar Firstpost. The biggest Revelation On Aadhaar amp Why U Should Worry. Electoral Bonds A OneWay Mirror That Shows Govt Who Funded The Opposition But Keeps Public In Dark. 130 km of roads constructed every day under PMGSY Government. Digital economy Parliamentary panel suggests govt to form law on data privacy. Nyaaya looking back at 2017: [removed]. Aadhaars Dirty Secret Is Out Add Anyone as Data Admin. Uttar Pradesh Soon theatres will display new Kumbh Mela logo before screening a movie: [deleted]. Common mobility card to boost Delhis dying bus system. Gujarat Bal Child Doctors To Be Appointed From Primary Schools To Tackle Shortage Of Doctors. Linking Aadhar: Ive already provided my Aadhar and PAN details ages ago when I had created my SBI account. Now SBI keeps on sending me persistent messages to link my Aadhar claiming the last date was 31st December 2017. I was reluctant as I had been hearing news of accounts being emptied after linking Aaadhar then the latest Chortel scam and now the biggest data breach of 1 Billion Aadhar. I wont be linking aadhar but would be glad if someone can answer the points below. 1. How safe is my money if my account was already linked. 2. How safe is my money if banks already have my aadhar details.. Indias Hospitals Are Filling Up With Desperate Americans. All 650 branches of India Post Payments Bank to be launched by April Manoj Sinha. Indias economy has serious potential but one investment advisor still sees two big threats. Get Ready For A Global Geopolitical Depression. Cabinet clears infrastructure projects worth Rs 12178 crore including Zojila pass. India imposes antidumping duty on 98 products from China. IampampB ministrys ad budget likely to rise by 20 in FY19 as polls loom. Aadhaar uncovers around 130000 ghost teachers in colleges. Solving the wrong problem Bitcoin misunderstands money. Soon pay Rs 915 to use LucknowDelhi eway. Rs 500 10 minutes and you have access to a billion Aadhaar details. Air India has a debt of Rs 51890 crores thats more than Indian railways revenue for last year: [deleted]. Disruptive moves on H1B visa detrimental for India US Nasscom. US curbs on H1B visas India must help techies invoke WTO services regime to talk tough with Trump. Indias GDP growth to slip below 7 per cent this fiscal say experts. Lok Sabha passes bill allowing construction within 100m radius of heritage monuments. TRAI invites public views on inputs for national telecom policy. H1B visa news Over half million Indians may be deported home if Donald Trump takes this big step. Govt cuts small savings interest rate by 0.2 percentage points. Government approves Rs 5369 crore waterway project on National Waterway1. Cabinet nod to India UK pact to improve public transport. Want your bank deposits safe Be ready to pay for it. India Will Outgrow China In 2018 But Must Invest In NextGeneration Value Chains To Succeed. SBI Clarifies On Rs 1771 Crore Earnings From Minimum Balance Fines 10 Points. In 2017 small experiments had a big impact on Indias clean energy sector. India share of global market capitalization narrows gap with GDP share. Government caps debit card fee on bills of Rs 2000 at 0.4 for Q1. December PMI data signals revival in manufacturing Indian economy. Maharashtra bandh Internet blocked school buses off roads cops on alert. Karnataka Government To Buy 640 Electric Vehicles Under FAME India Scheme. India Wants To Go All In On AI But Must First Tackle Shortage Of Talent And Data. The scammers gaming Indias overcrowded job market. As competition for jobs among Indias youth intensifies the offer of a lucrative career in a call centre can be difficult to turn down even if the work turns out to be operating a scam. GST rollercoaster How the new tax regime fared in India these last 6 months. All Trains To Have 22 Coaches Soon To Be Able To Run On Any Route. Trai issues interconnect rules fixes stiff fine for violation. Govt notifies 1 GST on manufacturers under composition scheme. 7.75 Savings Bonds Scheme To Replace 8 Bonds Scheme. Horticulture crop output seen at record 305.4 mt in 201718. [PSA] Rather than crib about reservation pressure the government into creating more Universities: More colleges and universities. No more crying for seats Win win. Edit Yes I mean government colleges. Yes I mean good government colleges. Yes I mean good new government colleges and not just renamed ones. The politcal will needs to exist to 1. Build more good new government colleges 2. hire better teachers and professors Edit 2 No government will go back on reservation. More colleges are good for the country in the long run as well. . Govt rules out any immediate action against cryptocurrencies. Foreign Domestic Investment in the Retail Sector: Hello everyone I wanted to start a discussion on foreign investments in the retail sector. India is growing to be the number one destination in foreign retail investment but how will they be able to overcome the cultural norms shop at weekly frequencies different ingredient usage depending on region preferring mom and pop shops rather than big retailers etc.. How will companies such as Walmart and Tesco for example be able to enter the indian market We heard that the government have relaxed the policy on having to source 30 of their products from local enterprises to 30 manufactured in India. But is that enough How can retail companies be able to stand strong in India and ensure their stability in the market. Oil prices close to mid2015 highs but doubts over further rises loom. Union Budget 201819 of India What it is and why it is so important. What is the NMC Bill: Multiple articles I have read stress on different aspects of the bill. Some talk about how students studying unscientific pathys like homeopathy will have a harder time and some talk about how private institutions can raise the fees with little regulation. Can some explain all its nuances. 8 judgments that made 2017 a landmark year: [deleted]. Delhi should follow Beijings example in tackling air pollution. 100 Cashback on Towels. Parliament passes Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code Amendment Bill. Trading in Bitcoin Ethereum other cryptocurrencies illegal says Arun Jaitley. Latest Jugaad To Tackle Physician Shortage Gujarat To Appoint Primary School Students As Bal Doctors. US dollar ends sharply lower against rupee. Niti Aayog has its work cut for 2018 A New India and better jobs. There Is A Fearsome Scenario Despite The Unanimous Verdict Declaring Privacy As A Fundamental Human Right Says Advocate And Author M.P.Raju [PART 2]. PM Modi Make Three Resolutions In 2018 For Minimum Government Legacy. Former Karnataka HC Judge Justice Anand Byrareddy Joins Challenge Against Aadhaar Files Impleadment Application In SC. Talgo highspeed trains stop in their tracks after government waves red flag. Auto stocks on a high as Indias Motown tops 3 million sales in 2017. Core sector growth surges to 13month high during November. Rupee kicks off 2018 with a bang revisits 5month high. India manufacturing PMI rises to 5 year high in December. Doctors go on nationwide strike in protest against National Medical Commission Bill. Short of physicians Gujarat to let schoolkids act as docs Times of India. India Government Unlikely to Scrap Customs Duty on Import of Solar Panels. Karnataka Government To Buy 640 Electric Vehicles Under FAME India Scheme. Telangana starts free 24hour power supply to farmers. Obscenity of hunger deaths The farce being played out in the name of Aadhaar has led to several deaths because it denies the poor their right to food and therefore life: [deleted]. Centre setting up website to register track NRI marriages. Mechatronics challenge Indias government as a million people look for work each month. As Assam publishes first list of verified citizens dejection as many fail to find their names. ELI5 the nuances of the NMC Bill: [removed]. Exclusive How India plans to be a trilliondollar digital economy by 2025 Govt departments are currently discussing a 30point action plan to achieve this target under Modis pet Digital India scheme.. A Happy Start India to see a 10 salary increase in 2018 survey: Source http//indianexpress.com/article/jobs/indiatoseea10salaryincreasein2018/. Infographic India sees a 54 rise in taxpaying crorepatis. India to have 10000 seaplanes ehighways on anvil Nitin Gadkari. Seaplanes cruises waterways EVs pod taxis catamarans expressways or Sagarmala and Bharatmala initiatives will change the face of Indias infrastructure says Gadkari. India to have 10000 seaplanes ehighways on anvil Nitin Gadkari. Seaplanes cruises waterways EVs pod taxis catamarans expressways or Sagarmala and Bharatmala initiatives will change the face of Indias infrastructure says Gadkari: [deleted]. How I yielded to Adhaar linking: Story of how I yielded on submitting Adhaar So My bank account got frozen again stating no KYC verification. The same thing happened last november too without any warning. Was shopping for essentials and my card got declined then.Was bewildered and had to return the items. Called them the next working day and told them to unfreeze the account saying I was stranded out of statewhich I was. After that got a mail at home stating has to do KYC verification and if not account will be frozen by 31st of December. Since I was out of stateI mailed them my pancard and DL and then they said that they will file it and do it.But the account got frozen on 31st when I was out for lunch. Good thing I kept credit card with me. When I called them today they are saying that pancard and any other IDs will take over 2 weeks for verification and if its Adhaarit can be done today itself. Since loan accounts and everything was linked to this bank account of mine and since its months beginningno way but for me to yield and submit the Adhaar.. How much foreign aid did India receive in 2017 :  How much foreign aid does India receives each year And how much from which country or world Bank All data that I was able to find was for the years before 2015. I want to know some recent figures. Kindly direct me to the link in case this has already been answered recently. Thanks in advance.. Raghuram Rajan Central banks year of reckoning. Govt to link all posts along IndiaChina border by roads Rajnath. One register to count them all. Works worth Rs 32000 crore started tendered Hardeep Singh Puri on Smart City spendings. Lok Sabha Passes Bill Allowing Ayurveda Homeopathy Doctors to Practice Allopathy: [deleted]. Why is the fiscal deficit widening. Works worth Rs 32000 crore started tendered Hardeep Singh Puri on Smart City spendings: [deleted]. Core sector grows 6.8 in November: [deleted]. Powerful Lobbies Want Delhis BRT Scrapped. Heres Why They Should Not Succeed old. UP declares Noida Yamuna Eway as electronics manufacturing zone. GoI bonds Centre stops subscription for 8 GoI savings bond senior citizens to be hit. DATA STORY Indians feel life today is much better than 50 years ago. Niti Aayogs new methanol push could be bad news for Modis electric vehicles mission. Indias economic crisis will divide us further in 2018. Relationship manager at ICICIBank just made a WhatsApp group using the phone numbers of banks customers: https//twitter.com/varungrover/status/947713247385235456. Indian Railway is improving services even further for their First Class coaches.. Gujarat HC upholds law regulating fees in private schools.. DATA STORY Every year India loses gold worth Rs 6347 crore as part of ewaste. Powering Indias growth in 2018 India needs Banking Rural amp Agriculture Housing amp infra and MSMEled Acceleration or Brahma for growth.. India coming in line with global fashion trends Marks and Spencers James Munson. Government Cautions People Against Risks in Investing in Virtual Currencies Says VCs are like Ponzi Schemes. Arunachal Pradesh Becomes Second Open Defecation Free State In NorthEast After Sikkim. Will LTCG on equity be rolled out in Budget 2018 What are experts saying about it. Assam Tags 1.9 Crore Names as Legal in First NRC Draft Wait Continues for Other 1.39 Crore. Aadhaar drill adds to bank burden. Market Reforms in India and the Quality of Economic Growth. You Dont Need an India Strategy You Need a Strategy for Each State in India. Indian economy Why India cant run much faster in 2018. Indian economy in 2017 The year the economy tanked. India cannot take shortcuts to development The private sector cannot replace the state when it comes to human development which boosts growth and prosperity. Govt to push ahead with banking reforms in new year A whole lot of reforms will come so that genuine borrowers dont suffer and get hasslefree need based credit financial services secretary Rajiv Kumar says. Jobs in India Countrys organised sector created 4 lakh jobs in 201617 Times of India. Kargil Heros Widow Allegedly Refused Treatment Over Aadhaar Card Dies. Out of Rs 9860 crore released to 60 cities under SmartCity Mission only 7 or about Rs 645 crore utilised so far Official data.. Deficit reaches 112 of Budget Estimate worst since global financial crisis. A policy wish list for the new year. A policy wish list for the new year: [deleted]. GST made 2017 most significant year for economy since Independence. In 2017 India Was Caught Between Private Exploitation and Public Sector Callousness in Healthcare. Government Cautions People Against Risks in Investing in Virtual Currencies Says VCs are like Ponzi Schemes. When a tech idea goes into a government office. Inside Indias epic effort to bring electricity to millions of people for the first time. Less than 10000 Indians have taxable income of over Rs 1 crore. via HT newspaper. Less than 10000 Indians have taxable income of over Rs 1 crore. via HT newspaper: [deleted]. In a first egoods made in India pull ahead of imports. Indias External Debt Stands at 496 Billion at Septemberend. Uttarakhand Group seeks inclusion of Sanskrit in madrasas board says unfeasible. Aadhaar news roundup: Aadhaar news roundup [Sonipat Woman dies as hospital denies treatment due to lack of aadhaar card]https//www.aninews.in/news/national/generalnews/sonipatwomandiesashospitaldeniestreatmentduetolackofaadhaarcard201712300219590001/ [AADHAAR DEADLINE KEEPS SCHOOLS ON TENTERHOOKS]https//mumbaimirror.indiatimes.com/mumbai/other/aadhaardeadlinekeepsschoolsontenterhooks/articleshow/62301824.cms [Aadhaar linking Customers irked as banks block ATM cards]http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/news/national/customersupinarmsasbanksblockatmcardsfornotlinkingaadhaartoaccount/article10005667.ece [50000 Aadhaar enrolment operators suspended till date RS informed]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/50000aadhaarenrolmentoperatorssuspendedtilldatersinformed/article22326786.ece [Will enquire into Facebook demanding users Aadhaar Ravi Shankar Prasad]http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/willenquireintofacebookdemandingusersaadhaarravishankarprasad/storylYI9tCEKD25ZLmqJhDZQRO.html [Benefits denied due to nonmatching of thumb print with Aadhaar data BJP MP Sushil Kumar Singh]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/benefitsdeniedduetononmatchingofthumbprintwithaadhaardatabjpmpsushilkumarsingh/articleshow/62293865.cms [We are not collecting Aadhaar data Facebook]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/BC9UjIjIYj8LasvLqCbSrL/WearenotcollectingAadhaardataFacebook.html [Aadhaar and the right to life]http//www.livemint.com/Opinion/D8SemoinbtVSncQI2Yh81H/Aadhaarandtherighttolife.html [Didnt live up to our high standards Airtel CEO Gopal Vittal]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/company/corporatetrends/didntliveuptoourhighstandardsairtelceogopalvittal/articleshow/62246575.cms. Financial assets of Indians abroad rose by USD 18.6 bln in Sep quarter. Indias external debt at USD 495.7 billion for Sep end quarter. Cropdamaging temperatures increase suicide rates in India [MHKKTNAP] Univ of California Berkeley study published in PNAS Jun17. Cropdamaging temperatures increase suicide rates in India [Maharashtra Karnataka TN AP] Univ of California Berkeley research paper published in PNAS Jun17: [deleted]. Government in favour of separate regulator for CAs. Inside Indias epic effort to bring electricity to millions of people for the first time: [deleted]. Growth of Bitcoin Blockchain Development in India 2017 in Review. India consumer confidence very optimistic Mastercard. Indias steel exports rise in 2017 as Chinas plunge. Indian economic growth slowed down in 201617 Govt. Why India opposed deal to end fisheries subsidies at WTO Collapse of WTO talks on fisheries subsidies maybe linked to a potential adverse political fallout in Indias coastal states. An Unwillingness to Die. Fiscal deficit breaches FY18 target at November end. New Indian tariff to hit Australian farmers. RBI wont extend deadline for 2nd list of defaulters. How India rejects bad patents Strong standards for patents have filtered the bad from the good with the least administrative and financial burden.. Air Force initiates process to buy 83 Tejas fighter jets for Rs 50000 crores. The IAF has issued the request for proposal to staterun Hindustan Aeronautics Limited for the procurement of Tejas light combat aircraft.. The Cutting of the Clitoris Female Genital Mutilation and the Bohra Muslims. Maharashtra Indias biggest waste producing state turns a corner. Indias steel exports rise in 2017 as Chinas plunge. Govt warns against bitcoin trading equates virtual currencies with ponzi schemes. In five years one in 10 jobs in India will disappear. Indian Army Jobs 201819 Join Indian Army Apply Online on joinindianarmy.nic.in: [removed]. China Dislodged by India as 2017s Worst Big Bond Market Chart. What Many Including Our Law Minister Get Wrong About Sex Work in India. Why The Reserve Bank Cut Indias 2018 Growth Rate To 6.7. Bullet trains can wait lets get bullet internet. Indian Railways electrification thrust an opportunity for EPC firms. A policy wish list for the new year. 2017 the year of the Indian homebuyer. Nitin Gadkari to flag off first cargo vessels on Brahmaputra today. Women Entrepreneurs Park to come up at Thandya Star of Mysore. How many of you feel that the Indian Tech industry should be represented by the likes of Directi and Flipkart instead of TCS amp Infosys: Unfortunately body shops like TCS and Infosys are not helping our reputation. They are clearly spoiling the Indian brand and unfortunately all of Indias reputation is at stake due to the shenanigans of these body shops. For example when you think of Japanese cars you think Honda Toyota. Because of these companies everyone thinks Japan makes good cars. Similarly with germany and bmw audi volkswagen. But off late the narrative has become Indians write bad code and the main proponents of it have been these service sector body shops masquerading as tech companies. The very fact that the fresher salary in infosys has not changed in 20 years is undeniable proof of the fact that the quality standards have been lowered. 3 LPA was a reasonable salary in Bangalore when Infosys started off in the 90s. Today the same 3 LPA is very close to what a bus conductor in Bangalore makes. Not being condescending to bus conductors. I just mean to say that low skilled workers are making the same money as Infosys freshers. You get what you pay for and there is no way a half decent software engineer works for 3 LPA. Am I being too unfair What can be done about this. Uncovering the great West and South Indian Propaganda its impact on Economy financial autonomy regionalism protectionism and hilarious jingoism of some states. Luxury cars get more expensive in India. Most Economies in the World Increased GDP and Lowered Unemployment in 2017. Not India.. Stocks commodities to trade on single exchange from October 2018. TIL India added 170 Billion to its GDP while China added 800 Billion in 2016. nearly 5 times more: [removed]. Despite note ban and GST or because of them India will borrow Rs 50000 crore more this year. Swatantra 2017 Draws Attention to Possibilities of Free and Open Source Software Highlights Keralas IT Initiatives. Indias Failed Food System. Cities need a sustainable transport update. Workforce integration of the disabled needed. Moodys Upgrades Modis Rating by Anand Teltumbde EPW. Government plans to borrow extra Rs 50000 crore in 201718 Times of India. How India became one of the top countries with bad loans. Parliament LIVE Triple talaq bill introduced in Lok Sabha Modi govt calls it historic day. Govt cuts small savings interest rate by 0.2 percentage points: [deleted]. Unlike China India has made some of the biggest policy blunders Surjit Bhalla. Narendra Modi Away from the headlines Modi is fighting a crucial war against inefficient bureaucracy. Government eyes 100 electric public transport through FAME II. Crisil expects Haryana to be warehousing nerve centre. Studying net neutrality suggestions Ministry. FRDI Bill View Worry not over FRDI bill its just undue fear fanning mass hysteria. Do not approve any more engineering colleges for us 6 states appeal to regulator. Centre mends rule to allow diploma holder MBBS doctors to practice as specialists. India Is Poised To Become The Worlds Fifth Largest Economy But It Cant Stop There. SEBI may put 10 crossshareholding cap in mutual funds. India to Borrow Extra 500 Billion Rupees as Revenues Slow. IRDAI norms allow insurers to begin offshore business from GIFT IFSC. Challenges galore for Indias clean energy industry. India to Borrow Extra 500 Billion Rupees as Revenues Slow: [deleted]. 7080 per cent jobs in India can be potentially outsourced Study. IMF RBI flag persistent risks to Indias banking system IMF wants the government to consider privatization of weak public sector banks by selling their viable assets rather than their mergers with stronger banks. Centre approves electric vehiclebased public transportation for 11 cities. Indias bivoltine silk output to grow 19 in 201718 Govt. India Is Poised To Become The Worlds Fifth Largest Economy But It Cant Stop There. PPF other small savings to fetch lower interest rate from January 1. India Is Poised To Become The Worlds Fifth Largest Economy But It Cant Stop There. The Ministry of Labour and Employment possesses an Aadhaar mirror database containing the personal data including biometrics and medical records of over 10 million industrial workers and their relatives with no regulation oversight or use limitation.. How to fix primary healthcare in India A policy suggestion: In recent years a lot of Indians were able to lift themselves out of poverty. However there are still millions of Indian households that are one serious medical expense away from dropping back into poverty. These people teeter on the edge. One dysfunctional aspect of the Indian public healthcare system is that it is heavily tilted towards tertiary care rather than preventative care. Our political system rewards leaders who build flashy new hospitals rather than smaller primary care clinics it seems AAP is an exception with its Mohalla clinics. However Im not sure if they will be rewarded politically for this. Clinics like this can catch many potentially ruinous financially diseases before they become unmanageable physically and financially. India also needs to increase the budget allocation to healthcare but thats a discussion for another day. Even if a household goes to a government hospital the medical expenses for things like TB or diabetes can push a family to extreme measures selling family land taking a loan from a money lender pulling younger children out of school. However a lot of families could potentially save themselves from such ruinous expenses if there was early screening primary care. think annual doctor visits. Now the problem here is even if the clinics are free how will you get the aam aadmi to visit them regularly at least annually People whether in India or in any other country do not behave in their rational interest. People tend to seek medical care too late into disease progression. I have a proposal that can take advantage of Indias high religiousity. People visit their temples mosques gurudhwaras and temples much more frequently than they visit a primary care physician. What if the govt set up primary care camps blood tests physicals screenings etc at religious buildings not year round but during certain times of the year For example they can set up a camp in major mosques during the feasts after Eid or in major temples during a major festival. People are more likely to attend a physical/screening if they are already on the location and if its convinient assuming the lines are short. If they are religious they would be more willing to participate in such a screening as well. By increasing the portion of the population who gets preventative care it could save the Indian govt hospitals considerable amounts in tertiary care. What are your thoughts I am an aspiring developmental economist currently a student. These are some of the issues that really keep me awake at night. . IT companies formed cartel to keep entrylevel salary low says Mohandas Pai. Small investor to loose money.: [deleted]. Govt cuts small savings interest rate by 0.2 percentage points: [deleted]. India at 5th position in high NPA ratio across the globe. India is unique in its Inequality. All Trains To Have BioToilets By March 2019. Approximately 55 per cent of the total passenger carrying coaches over Indian Railways have been equipped with biotoilets.. No proposal to increase train fares says govt. SDMC directs restaurants not to display meat items outside The reasons given for the move were danger of contamination to raw and cooked meat dishes and it also hurts the sentiments of the vegetarian public.. India is the top remittance receiving country in the world. Odisha cabinet nod to Odia language promotion. Centre makes it compulsory for IAS officers to declare their income and property. Why Indias Deadly CoalPower Plants Will Continue Polluting. Solar power industry welcomes govt move to set drone regulations. Appraising Performance of Public Officials in Public Sphere: [deleted]. GST collections decline to Rs 80808 crore in November lowest since rollout. Mopup 11 lower than projected Rs 91000 crore 14 lower than July collection.. India inks 318 million World Bank loan for Tamil Nadu irrigation scheme. Only 1.7 Indians paid income tax in AY 201516 Official data. The number of incometax return filers increased to 4.07 crore in assessment year 201516 from 3.65 crore in the previous year but only 2.06 crore actually paid taxes. Auto sector A rollercoaster ride as govt and apex court serve a triplewhammy. How India rejects bad patents.. As Adani Acquires Reliance Energy Questions Arise Over Pending Taxes of Rs 1452 Crore. India Economy Set to Leapfrog U.K. and France in 2018 Report. 25 ideas for Budget 2018 to make common mans personal finance less taxing. Lt Governor Stalls Home Delivery Of Delhi Services Manish Sisodia Fumes. Indian economy will overtake the UK France in 2018 CEBR. Water stress level forecast by 2040 across countries.. Demonetisation GST will bring longterm benefits for Indian economy IMF on Narendra Modis oneoff policy moves. GST revenue slips further Rs 80808 crore tax collected for November. India to leapfrog Britain France in 2018 predicts economic think tank India News. Pace of highway building increased by 23 this year. Meet Indias Forest Man Youll Have To Kill Him Before You Kill The Trees. FPIs net outflow from equities at Rs 7300cr in Dec so far. Centre plans new price support scheme for farmers to fix rural distress. Now you require Aadhar to open a facebook account. Aadhaar is now required for opening facebook account: [deleted]. Indias economy will overtake UK and France in 2018 says report. Government fixes projected investment in infrastructure at Rs 38.22 lakh crore. Pace of highway building increased by 23 this year. International Border Centre releases Rs 167 crore to 9 states for border development. so Economy of a country with 1340 Million people India in 2018 will surpass that of a country with 65 MillionUK and 66 MillionFrance. Is it time for celebration or rather reflection of how poor we are: [deleted]. Indias GDP to grow at 7.5 in 2018 says Nomura. ELI5 Why do countries like India give huge aids to poorer countries when we have more pressing needs to solve within our country: I understand diplomacy and all but what exactly do we gain by giving say Vietnam a billion rupees. Delhi should follow Beijings example in tackling air pollution. India Set To Be 5th Largest Economy in 2018 Overtaking UK France Report. so Economy of country with 1340 Million people India will surpass Economy of a country with 65 Million people UK and 66 Million people France in 2018: [deleted]. Jio amp unfortunate condition of Indian farming: [removed]. India to leapfrog UK and France in 2018 Britains Cebr predicts. Why Indias Deadly CoalPower Plants Will Continue Polluting. Metro Matters A long way to fixing this civic mess that is Delhi. Delhi should follow Beijings example in tackling air pollution: [deleted]. Delhi should follow Beijings example in tackling air pollution: [deleted]. Rethinking Indias tax system In Favor of Property Tax. India to leapfrog UK and France in 2018 Britains Cebr predicts. Finance ministry asks public sector banks to close lossmaking branches. Aadhaar Quora what is wrong with India Right now As of December 2017 its this poor implementation of a technology thats making the lives of Indian citizens miserable. Bailin Clause of the FRDI BillIs Its Constitutional Validity Suspect. Indias Growth Rate Wounded or Battling on by Dipankar Dasgupta formerly with the Indian Statistical Institute. Government to offer 300 eCourses in Hindi local languages. Govt directs all NGOs business entities and individuals who receive funds from abroad to open accounts in any of the 32 designated banks within a month for higher level of transparency.. After GST simplification exports rise 30.55 to 26.19 billion in November. As Adani Acquires Reliance Energy Questions Arise Over Pending Taxes of Rs 1452 Crore: [deleted]. Delhi Winter Manoj Tiwari Kapil Mishra order construction of makeshift shelters for poor. Mere 1.7 Indians paid income tax in assessment year 201516 Official data. Atal Bihari Vajpayees five steps that changed India forever.. Metro Matters A long way to fixing this civic mess that is Delhi: [deleted]. Offshore India funds ETFs register 565mn inflows in Nov. Mumbai AC Local Will Encourage People To Leave Cars At Home Commuters. State of Wilful Denial GDP growth rate of 6.3 is the slowest second quarter growth rate since 201213. Planning to buy an EV You may get an IT deduction and pay just 5 GST if govt accepts proposal. How amateur weathermen are tackling climate change in India: [deleted]. How to revitalise Indian economy Answer is here In a country with 79 crore people below the age of 34 years such an economic trend requires urgent attention. The situation in the next few years on employment generation also looks grim because of automation and artificial intelligence.. How to revitalise Indian economy Answer is here In a country with 79 crore people below the age of 34 years such an economic trend requires urgent attention. The situation in the next few years on employment generation also looks grim because of automation and artificial intelligence.: [deleted]. Should prostitution and red light areas be legalized in India: Just another morning rant. The irony of our country is that almost everyone knows that red light areas exist and probably many visit them too. Yet they do it secretly since the law does not allow it and it is also a social stigma for some. Though prostitution isnt illegal itself the police has a bunch of laws that fall under the umbrella of Immoral Trafficing in hindi/marathi through which they make it illegal. Problem is that these laws have resulted in increased human trafficing into our country from other poor regions like Nepal Bangladesh etc. instead of solving any problem. Those who have visited red light areas very well know that the police doesnt actually implement these laws they just want to extract as much as possible from the businesses of brothel owners and sex workers. The real victims in this case happen to be those poor and innocent girls mostly underage children who are smuggled into India from neighboring countries. By making red light areas legal we will be solving multiple problems at once 1. Sex workers will no longer need to be smuggled from other regions as many in India will be willing to do that trade since its legal. 2. Number of rapes and molestations will drastically go down even hardcore pervs wont do that if they are getting what they want by legal means. 3. Corruption will decrease cops wont extract anything from sex workers since what they are doing is legally accepted. 4. Employment generation From a pure economics perspective its a winwin if more employment is generated in the economy. 5. Progressive culture Sex workers are currently viewed in a very bad light in some sections of our society. Its debatable that whether this attitude has resulted in the legal framework that prohibits immoral trafficing or its the other way round and people view them as bad because of the laws. In either case the stigma associated with the sex workers should drastically come down if the law accepts them with open arms. Let me tell you that we are not the first country to have done this. Liberal nations like Norway and Sweden already did this and are experiencing all the listed benefits of legalizing prostitution. It will be really great if India does such a thing in future. Its possible we only need to get united and explain to the law makers and society that how beneficial its going to be. Merry Christmas to you All. Jai Hind Edit This news just broke on ABP few minutes earlier https//twitter.com/abpnewstv/status/945216544329494528 This pimp was arrested before on charges of trafficking minor girls into India then gets a bail and goes scott free. Now years later she is again held yesterday for the exact same charge immoral trafficking These incidents will stop happening if the need for trafficking girls itself finishes due to legalization of red light areas.. GST Eway bill system set for allIndia rollout by February despite industry concerns. Hitting the GST hurdle. Vacationdeprived Indians can give up sex alcohol coffee and even the internet for a holiday. Gujarat constructed most houses for urban poor. How much import duty did the customs charged me As i received no bill.: So i decided to give Newegg a chance amp i basically orderd a rx 580 graphics card. Generally i will get a bill from customs stating the import charges amp the excess estimated money that i paid during checkout gets refunded however this time i didnt get any bill. What should i do Should i contact Newegg as the estimated import charge was obviously quite heavy. [Just to be clear 230for the product 30shipping charges 130Estimated duty amp the import duty for Graphics card is 18 so the overall bill shouldnt be above 307]. Threat from within Vacancies in the CIC the backlog of applications and the attempts to weaken the RTI Act raise fresh concerns about the Govts commitment to transparency. Indias forex reserves up by 488.2 million. Panchayats in north India fail development test. Just seven gram panchayats from north India figure among the top 83 panchayats on development index in a bunch that is overwhelmingly crowded by southern states led by Andhra Pradesh.. Indias first AC local to enter service tomorrow in Mumbai. India Inc Its raining money India Inc garnered Rs 8.5 lakh crore from markets in 2017. Bharatmala India to link highway corridors to international trade points for Rs 25000 crore. BJP Leader Subramanian Swamy Calls CSO Data On GDP Bogus Alleges Moodys amp Flitch Will Publish Any Report If You Pay Them. How A Leaf Could Change The Fortunes Of Indias Poorest Communities. Narendra Modi govt put pressure on CSO to give out good data claims Subramanian Swamy. Economy should grow by 10 says Subramanian Swamy: [deleted]. The dream of Indias first ever Rail University is now a reality Narendra Modi Cabinet approves it to come up in Gujarat. 31 startups in Kerala to get funds under Kerala Startup Mission. We have made medical education elitist out of reach of poor families. It will have consequences Cardiac surgeon Devi Shetty. 31 startups in Kerala to get funds under Kerala Startup Mission: [deleted]. Only 6 Percent Of Startup India Action Plan Fund Released. Why This country needs Addhar Card See Story. This video perfectly describes the problems we are facing.. Videocon Likely To Sue Centre For Rs 10000 Crore After 2G Verdict. Achievements of Ministry of Minority Affairs during the Year 2017. One nation more than one tax. At least in Punjab and Haryana.. Meghalaya launches Indias first social audit law. Many Indians have not been told who the architect of Indias economic reforms really was. Massive Rally Underway in Bengaluru ProKannada Group Demands Quota for Locals in IT Capital. Why Indias Deadly CoalPower Plants Will Continue Polluting. India may be a 7 tn economy by 2030. IMF report Govt should withdraw its grip on banking. MyGov Innovation White Paper of the Committee of Experts on Data Protection Framework for India: [deleted]. Why Indias Deadly CoalPower Plants Will Continue Polluting: [deleted]. Indias first ever Rail University to come in Gujarat Cabinet approves Ministry of Railways initiative. Why Indias Deadly CoalPower Plants Will Continue Polluting: [deleted]. Indias high inequality is hurting growth. Rs. 15000 crore to be spent to train labourers under Skill India Dharmendra Pradhan. What Indias student exodus means. Sprucing up our universities will bring in foreign learners and also help stem dollar outflows. Sensex Indias mcap crosses Rs 150 lakh crore for first time. Mudra Yojana Narendra Modis MUDRA Yojana generates 5.5 crore jobs says report Sep 2017. Is Aadhaar linking by Dec 31 compulsory for people who already have it: I cant quite get a strong clarification on this. Does the extension to March 31 apply only to non holders of Aadhaar Im asking about banks and phone number. Thanks. Aadhaar has been far less beneficial than claimed to be study by RBI arm. Ranking of Gram Panchayats across India Andhra Pradesh 33 of top 83. Im running out of time apparently... Getting hard to understand Aadhar messages these days.... For the defence sector Make in India ended before it began. India ahead of UK China Japan in digital payments says report. Cabinet Approves Indias First National Rail And Transportation University At Vadodara. What Indias student exodus means. Sprucing up our universities will bring in foreign learners and also help stem dollar outflows: [deleted]. Requirement Of Admitting 25 Students From Weaker Section Under RTE Not Mandatory For Minority Institutions Chhattisgarh HC [Read Judgment]. India ahead of UK China Japan in digital payments says report. Tomato prices plunge to 50 paise a kg leave farmers in tears in Andhra Pradesh. Wind is now the cheapest source of clean energy in India. India cannot take shortcuts to development The private sector cannot replace the state when it comes to human development which boosts growth and prosperity. You Dont Need an India Strategy You Need a Strategy for Each State in India. In 2011 52.5 Million Indians Slipped Into Poverty Due To Health Costs. Five months in Indias new tax system is hurting small businesses. Taxation of foreign income in India: [deleted]. A Comparison of Developmental Outcomes in Gujarat and Tamil Nadu Apr14 Economic and Political Weekly. Govt approves auction of 683 private FM radio frequencies. Odisha NHRC expresses concern over suicide by 12 farmers in 50 days in BargarhAn agrarian crisis in the making.: [deleted]. India tops list of migrants living abroad at 17 million UN. The 2G scam An earlier verdict and its harmful consequences. 2G spectrum scam case prosecution lost interest midway says O.P. Saini. Black money IndiaSwiss deal inked data sharing from January 1 Times of India. What do you say to Exempting Income tax deducted at source people from certain excise duties.: There is a great discontent among the service class and middle income families because most of them are the ones that end up paying quite a bit of tax and get crushed by the burden of supporting the entire 96 population that doesnt pay income tax. After that they are taxed again theough the indirect taxation system of excise duties as well. I was thinking for all the servicemen whose income tax is deducted at source which is primarily the salaries middle class issue a card. that provides breaks from excise duties. So you can roll into a petrol pump and show the card and you get the petrol/diesel for the rate without subsidies show it at the toll tax and they will note the number of cars passing with the pass. The equivalent amount will be paid by the govt. Show it at intracity buses and you are charged less for tickets or something like that. for nonsalaried people who pay their taxes honestly. Maybe there can be an inspection conducted to see whether their returns roughly matches the returns and they can be issued the card too for a stipulated time and they can renew it. Now I am not talking of raids or freezing their assets here or an indeth inspection to find faults unnecessarily. Just a cursory exam that the person isnt reporting 10 laks when the income is 50 lakhs etc I mean this is just an idea and much more can be added and it needs to be gross and fine tuned. But I was wondering if this would be a way in which we can give the people who pay taxes something back. . Would you guys support a negative income tax instead of MNREGA: MNREGA is an unemployment benefit. It is given to people who do negligible work in the year for an indefinite amount of time. A negative Income tax would give some additional benefit to people who work. Let the rate be little and uniform for all under a set amount of yearly income that is insufficient to survive on. IMO this would incentivize people to work more. FOr farmers who benefit from MNREGA maybe the insurance scheme can be revamped What do you think . Only one Indian with over Rs 100 crore taxable income. Make in India will create 10 crore new jobs by 2020. This govt. wants to make Aadhaar compulsory for almost everything you can think of. Except political donations real estate Wonder why. Government to install 100 statues of prominent people in Rajasthan. This govt. wants to make Aadhaar compulsory for almost everything you can think of. Except political donations real estate Wonder why : [deleted]. Telecom Department Mulls Allocating Valuable VBand Spectrum Without Auctions.. Aadhaar of 300 people stolen Rs 40 lakh pension money swindled. No more disrespect on Uttar Pradesh it is the second highest economy in India only behind Maharashtra and closing fast.. Govt may allow 100 FDI in telecom via automatic route. Cabinet approves Consumer Protection Bill. TRAI plans ways for telcos closing operations to return unused balance. Worry about your financial illiteracy not your bank deposits under Modi govt. Indian Air Force orders 83 Tejas light combat aircraft from HAL. Verdict on 2G scam cases pronounced all accused acquitted: [deleted]. Two years on Modis Startup India plan is still mostly just that a plan. In 6 months Karnataka attracts twice the FDI it did last fiscal. Two years on Modis Startup India plan is still mostly just that a plan: [deleted]. Skill development scheme for textile sector approved. Bitcoin exchanges may come under ED scanner. SC rejects plea seeking ban on liquor across the country and imposes Rs 1 lakh as costs on petitioner.. Gujarat elections PostGujarat Modi will opt for incrementalism and populism. Objectives and Circumstances behind infusing 2.11 trillion into Public Sector Banks.. IndoChina comparison of Exports GDP GDP per capita GDP growth and population. Shops in Maharashtra can now stay open 24x7. Although currently it is not mandatory to link Aadhar with individual demat account DPs should make maximum efforts to get all existing individual demat accounts linked with Aadhar and to obtain Aadhar number at the time of new account opening.. UN India has the largest number of persons born in the country who are now living outside its borders: [deleted]. Road Construction Accelerated To 28 Km Per Day To Reach 40 Km Per Day Target Next Year Gadkari.. CAG slams govt for failing to utilize funds for Ganga rejuvenation. As of 31 March 2017 the entire amount of Rs198.14 crore earmarked for the cleaning up the Ganga was lying in banks says. Crash guards are illegal Transport ministry. Parliament clears bill empowering IIMs to grant degrees set up campuses abroad Times of India. Parliamentary panel raps govt over inadequate fund allocation for defence. Modi govt goes into reforms overdrive day after HP Gujarat election results. Amazing judiciary.. Sukhendu Sekhar Roy of AITCofficial has raised concerns of Aadhaar data being published online and need for a privacy bill. Ask your MP to do the same. So more money means more eminent institution: The Institution of Eminence application fee is Rs 1 crore and the concept is not suitable for unifaculty universities. So the plan is to cater to universities started by rich businessmen only What a joke of education system. https//www.telegraphindia.com/opinion/thesearchforeminence189793. India Renewable energy investment across India gets USD 400 million boost from new European Investment Bank YES BANK initiative xpost r/europeanunion. No proposal for mandatory Aadhaar linkage for property deals Govt Times of India. The Aspirations of the Majority Hariprasad N Medium. Foreign reserves by country.. Rupee soars to 3 month high up 20 paise on BJPs poll win. UIDAI tightens norms for Aadhaarbank account linking explicitly informed consent from customers has been made compulsory. Pregnant women in UP are dying failed by a system that relies on overworked health workers. With 1.6 crore India tops world in number of migrants abroad. TIL that UIDAI website has an Aadhaar Myth Vs. Fact document. It exposes the governments dual standards on everything Aadhaar.: 1 On tracking facts provided to Myth 8 and Myth 3 contradict each other. gt Fact to Myth 8 Aadhaar Act provides that no agency will be able to track any individual through Aadhaar. Any attempt to track an individual through Aadhaar number is an offence under the Aadhaar Act. gt Fact to Myth 3 ...Further for the sake of argument assume a person is able to open a bank account using an Aadhaar with a fake name and address and launders money or commits some crime or terror acts.The person can do the same through any other fake ID like a fake voter ID card or ration card as well. The only difference is that if he has used his Aadhaar it will be easier for investigating agencies to find the culprits and conspirators bring them to justice and prove their crime in a court of law. If the person had used his fake ration card the authorities would find it much harder to find him and will hit a dead end in many cases. 2 On past leaks of Aadhaar numbers fact to Myth 4 maintains denial of any such leak. But at the same time it also says that as soon as cases of publicly available aadhaar data came to notice they were removed. gt Myth 4 There have been few reports of leaks of Aadhaar number. This has raised concerns. Fact This is false. The fact is some agencies of central or state governments have been putting up details of their beneficiaries statewise districtwise villagewise through a search menu as required under the RTI Act. Now IT Act and Aadhaar Act are there. They impose restrictions on publication of Aadhaar numbers bank account and other personal details. As soon as it came to notice that some agencies were displaying Aadhaar numbers and bank account numbers of beneficiaries in a search menu they were told to remove them and they complied. Remember that no biometrics were displayed. No data has been leaked from UIDAI. Therefore to say that Aadhaar has been breached data has been leaked is completely incorrect and misleading. Link to the Myth Vs. Fact document from the UIDAI webisite[https//uidai.gov.in/images/AadhaarMythVsFactMay2017.pdf] Edit Added link to the mentioned document. . The Central Government Spent More Than 6000 Crore on Publicity in The Last 11 Years. RBIs big spending on new notes after demonetisation has cost the Modi government 5.5 billion. Income Tax Rates in 1945. GSTN brings in option for monthly quarterly filing of forms. Mobile Number Porting Cost May Be Reduced To Rs 4 From Rs 19. Indias shocking income divide charted. Indias jobless growth is a myth. Thank you Rajya Sabha MPs Shri D. P. Tripathi and Shri Husain Dalwai for asking these important Aadhaarrelated questions in Parliament. Scheduled for Friday 22nd. Under what law are we being asked to link and can we refuse and optout SpeakForMe. Customs duty raised on electronic goods. Government Extends Timeline For Comments On Data Privacy Till January 31. One of the Many Misuses of Taxpayer Money Put to good Use it could have Trebled the Healthcare Budget: [deleted]. Bitcoin Bitcoins IT notices to 45 lakh HNIs across the country. Indias MBA crisis Why fresh graduates are not getting jobs. India has potential to be 10 trillion economy McKinsey MD Dominic Barton. IT notices to 45 lakh individuals trading in bitcoins across the country. Too early to comment on GST collections says Centre. IMA opposes draft National Medical Commission bill. UIDAIAirtel Payments Bank case Company claims no wrongdoing heres how you can avoid the trap. India can grow at 8 pc for next 20 years UN expert. Mutual fund folio count rises 95 lakh in 8 months to record 6.5crore. Wearables data may influence your health life insurance premiums. Now Bitcoin under SEBI lens beware of ponzi schemes in cryptocurrency. Apple hikes iPhone prices in India except SE postcustoms duty hike. Process to link DBT accounts with Aadhaar to be overhauled. In Goa Aadhaar card needed even for paid sex. Assocham says political realities impact economic decisions reforms like labour laws must be muted. Gifts received from relatives are exempt from tax in India. India is the second largest producer of horticultural crops and fruits. Railway nod for Rs 12000cr upgrade of mishapprevention system. Income of Indias top 0.001 rose by 3083 between 1980 and 2016 compared to worlds 235 . GSTs EWay Bill is Logistical Nightmare for Indias Air Express Industry. Indian exports to China goes up by over 53 per cent in Oct. India needs its women in the workplace. To take the Indian economy to a higher growth rate in the long run we need to bring back the women in the workplace. India needs its women in the workplace. To take the Indian economy to a higher growth rate in the long run we need to bring back the women in the workplace: [deleted]. Rs 244 cr worth assets of Balasore Alloys attached. Why Is Manufacturing More Expensive In India Than In China. Why Is Manufacturing More Expensive In India Than In China: [deleted]. Mapping Indias Economic Future Jobs Growth and Banking Reform KnowledgeWharton. Unshackle Indian agriculture Export restrictions must go. Monopoly procurement must go. Essential Commodities Act restrictions must go. Arbitrary stocking limits must go.. Unshackle Indian agriculture Export restrictions must go. Monopoly procurement must go. Essential Commodities Act restrictions must go. Arbitrary stocking limits must go.: [deleted]. NHAI Toll Operators Asked To Stand And Salute Army Officers Whenever They Pass. Railways proposes recreational foreign tour for its staff. Governance in India Defination . UIDAI suspends Airtel Airtel Payments Banks eKYC licence over Aadhaar misuse. Customs duty up on mobiles microwaves: [deleted]. New Report Highlights Indian Industrys Contributions to the US Economy. India the worlds second most populous country is cutting down on condom ads. Railways studying dynamic pricing with discounts on tickets Piyush Goyal. Unshackle Indian agriculture Export restrictions must go. Monopoly procurement must go. Essential Commodities Act restrictions must go. Arbitrary stocking limits must go.: [deleted]. Unshackle Indian agriculture Export restrictions must go. Monopoly procurement must go. Essential Commodities Act restrictions must go. Arbitrary stocking limits must go.: [deleted]. Indian Government Increases Import Taxes on Mobile Phones A Move to Develop Domestic Industry. GST Council makes interstate eway bill compulsory from February 1 2018. Odisha Woman Denied Admission Delivers in Drain Next to Hospital. US may stop spouses of H1B visa holders from working. Bihar Student takes English exam gets marks in psychology. Supreme Court Hotels/Restaurants Can Sell Packaged Water Bottles Above MRP. ICICI stopped internet banking service unless I consent to cease my account if I do not provide Aadhaar by 31 March. [NP][Hearsay] Aadhaar linking to Bank Accounts may require fingerprint authentication: I visited the SBI Branch today to open a new account Fuck their 10000 min balance. An old man came saying he wanted to link this Aadhaar card. The officer told him Come again after some days. The deadline has been extended and you may have to come again as Aadhaar linking to Bank accounts will require fingerprint authentication. Here Is A List of All The Products That Were Affected By The Latest GST Update. Govt to reimburse MDR on transactions up to Rs 2000. Merchant Discount Rate MDR charges on debit cards BHIM UPI up to Rs 2000 to be borne by government for 2 years to boost digital payments. You Cannot Update Aadhar Details Online Not even Your Email: Up until last month it was possible to update Aadhar details online if youve got a mobile number linked to it. But now you can only update your address online. For all other data updates [no recourse but visiting an enrollment center]https//imgur.com/ibMrrbk. You have to pay 25 INR and hope that the typist doesnt make a mistake in recording something. If he does repeat the whole process again. Imagine visiting offices of Zomato or PayTM or Facebook to update your email ID. Who makes these decisions. India Plans Worlds Largest SolarWind Hybrid Power Project. Cabinet Approves Bill To Replace Medical Council Of India. Unshackle Indian agriculture Export restrictions must go. Monopoly procurement must go. Essential Commodities Act restrictions must go. Arbitrary stocking limits must go.: [deleted]. Unshackle Indian agriculture Export restrictions must go. Monopoly procurement must go. Essential Commodities Act restrictions must go. Arbitrary stocking limits must go.: [deleted]. Tobacco industry trumps as India court cancels stringent health labeling rules. Retweets can be defamatory SC says in AAP netas case Times of India. Airports set to install egates for Aadhaarbased travel from 2018. Govt will bear merchant charge on debit card purchases up to Rs 2000 Times of India. The Bill that will change the way India drives may come up in this Winter Session: [deleted]. Indias trade deficit narrows to 13.83 billion in November trade ministry. India export growth outpace imports in November. Guidelines issued for doctors on managing preterm babies. Indias market stable despite geopolitical uncertainties RBI Governor Urjit Patel. Indian Railways to install CCTV cameras at 983 stations using Nirbhaya Fund Centre tells Rajya Sabha. Cabinet approves bill to replace Medical Council of India. MDR charges Government to bear MDR charges on digital transactions up to Rs 2000. India Raises Import Tax on Cellphones Move to Hurt Apple. The government must bail out of the bailin. The Bill that will change the way India drives may come up in this Winter Session. Govt waives MDR charges for digital transactions up to Rs 2000 will bear cost for first two years from 1 January. Indias Port Volumes to Quadruple by 2025. Govt may announce Indias first National Employment Policy in budget 2018. Watch Backdoor Privatisation is the Ultimate Aim of the FRDI Bill Thomas Franco on YouTube News Click. Govt raises customs duty on some electronic items including TV mobile phone. Indian Skills Service Govt to Create a New Cadre for Skills on Par With IAS IPS. Income Inequality Highest in India Since 1980s Finds New Report. U.S. Tax Reforms Means tons of job cuts in india. [Request] Can someone with relevant background and knowledge create an informative thread for FRDI that can ELI5 and update: News articles are only reporting what bank reports etc say and a lot of it is banking jargon. Please help. RBI banks and liquidity A simple guide to how money circulates in the Indian economy. Banks sound alarm over fraud Aadhaarlink calls. AadhaarLinking Of Bank Accounts Mobiles Phones Extended To March 31. Niti Aayog is in denial about hunger in India but the problem is worse than the statistics show Instead of accepting that millions of Indians need better nutrition the organisations economists have argued that the Global Hunger Index is flawed.. Niti Aayog is in denial about hunger in India but the problem is worse than the statistics show Instead of accepting that millions of Indians need better nutrition the organisations economists have argued that the Global Hunger Index is flawed.: [deleted]. Indias taxmen are coming for your Bitcoins. Midsized construction firms race ahead in road sector. Reality Check Has Modinomics worked. Aadhaar Linking CJI Frowns upon Hyperbole. Telangana IT Minister suggests jugaad model. Madhya Pradesh minister wants quick gun licences for rape victims. AadhaarBank Accounts Linking By March 31 Supreme Court Order Tomorrow. Turns out that UIDAI does not guarantee a secure connection to their Official Website. Indias economy has potential.: The distribution of wealth and the caste system. Oxfams internationals global inequality reports last release issued Economy For The 99 Percent stated that the richest 1 of the Indian population owns 58 of the nations wealth a number increasing every passing year. Multidimensional Poverty Index MPI estimated that 41 of Indias population lives in poverty that is 528 million people 100 times the population of Norway. 70 of the Indian population still honour the old caste system an overwhelming amount in the rural areas. The urban areas arent as conservative to change and doesnt care about the caste system like the rest of the country. The only part of India with significant development is the urban areas. The caste system is a close part to much of Indian culture its not only tradition its religion. The caste system is by very definition an old system created 1000 BC. Still clinging on to a system used 3000 years ago no wonder why it doesnt fit todays. But what has to change Indias economy in the rural areas is in a chokehold people without education and the right caste are forced into a life of poverty. I think the Indian government should reevaluate their budget cancel their space program Increase the minimum wage encourage people to move out of the city and outsource jobs to the countryside. With people from the cities looking for work in the countryside rural areas will evolve to a more progressive culture.. Sauce http//hdr.undp.org/en/content/multidimensionalpovertyindexmpi https//soapboxie.com/socialissues/ReasonsWhyIndiaisSoPoor http//www.bbc.com/news/worldasiaindia35650616 Note You might see different stats about Indias economy the one i used was a multidimensional one considering health standard of living and education. They might afford bread but thats about it. . People of r/India what is the main reason why you dont feel like paying taxes and what amount of taxes are you willing to pay: You can give whatever scenario you like eg. Lets abolish all indirect taxes and then I shall pay x or if the govt did this I would pay y or whatever you think of.. Hotels restaurants can sell bottled water higher than MRP says Supreme Court FYI News India Today. Has anyone hear had a good experience with trains in India Probably one of the most exciting advantages for any traveler to India is the extensive railway network that will whisk you to just about any location.. AADHAAR 1000 emails in three hours against Aadhaar linking from new petition website. Is Bitcoin Income taxable in India. Asian Development Bank slashes India growth forecast for 201718 to 6.7 from 7. How Aadhaar is helping empower Indian women. Current Account Deficit more than doubles to 7.2 billion in Q2 on higher oil imports. TRAI to Release InFlight Connectivity Recommendations by MonthEnd. ADB lowers Indias GDP forecast for FY18 to 6.7 per cent. Indias economy expected to grow at 7.5 in 2018Nomura. UN warns of severe health risks from electronic/electrical waste in India. Government extends Aadhaarbank a/c linking deadline to March 31 2018. India manages to shield farmers interests ensure food security at WTO. New home projects fall by half. LPG scheme for poor running out of gas. Indias current account deficit widens to 1.2 of GDP in JulySeptember. India to get 250 million loan from World Bank for skilling plans The objective of the project is to enhance institutional mechanisms for skills development and increase access to quality and marketrelevant training for the work force. Govt to increase health budget to 2.5 of GDP by 2025 Minister J.P. Nadda. Fed up of being coerced into Aadhaar Tell your Member of Parliament to SpeakForMe. Weve made it easy.. Is Indias middle class actually poor. Foxconn the worlds largest contract manufacturer of electronic devices such as iPhones is looking to invest Rs 6000 crore to set up a 200acre plant in the special economic zone SEZ near Mumbai: [deleted]. Devaluation of Indian Rupee Reasons ampamp History Since 1947. Tax Investigators Raid Bitcoin Exchanges Across India. SpeakForMe Ask your MPs to raise your concerns about Aadhaar [NP]: Hello /r/india I come seeking help amp support. We have launched a campaign today called SpeakForMe with a simple idea Hack the Parliament amp make it work for us. If you are sick and tired of getting threatened due to Aadhaar mail your Member of Parliament. If you are confused about what the heck is happening tell them that and demand answers from the Government through MPs. Ask him/her to raise your concerns in upcoming winter session. To make that possible weve made it easier by creating a website to mail MPs Banks amp Service providers. Check out www.speakforme.in The Plan Every email you send with your concerns will contain a Dropbox link which lets MPs download a notice and file it in Parliament. The notice asks for a discussion on Aadhaar in Lok Sabha under rule 193. It asks the MP to SpeakForMe and for the Government to respond to the concerns WE raise THROUGH them. Parliament is the best forum for us to demand answers from our government. Therefore tell them to SpeakForMe this Winter session. Our intentions We are NOT asking for adjournments. We are NOT asking for disruption. All we ask for is for our MPs to raise OUR concerns about Aadhaar in Parliament. All we ask for is for the Government to give answers about WTF is going on wrt Aadhaar. What you can do 1 Mail your MPs. We have draft emails ready and notices too. But youre free to make changes before mailing them and add any concerns which we may have missed. 2 Help us draft more 193 notices. If we have missed any of your concerns well keep adding more notice drafts to the Dropbox. [Heres the Dropbox link containing the files.]https//www.dropbox.com/sh/xfhxq3x9iwl77zx/AABdFxh6y0YMrLOs5Jh6i68adl0 Please keep the explanatory statements below 250 words. 3 Help spread the word Help us make campaign material that can encourage more people to use this tool. Kindly use SpeakForMe if you tweet and share it on Facebook. 4 Were looking at people mailing their MPs in their local languages too so translation help would be truly appreciated 5 Identifying bugs and suggesting changes in the website about how to make it more effective. Who is doing this campaign We are the same bunch of people who did the SaveTheInternet. Will this work Hopefully if a large number of MPs ask for the discussion and there is enough noise being made by the public the government will allow a discussion in the upcoming winter session which starts on 15th of December. Cheers Kumbhakaran/Meghnad TLDR Launched a campaign asking MPs to raise OUR concerns regarding Aadhaar. Created a website to mail them readytofile notices asking for a discussion on Aadhaar. The Government will respond if the discussion is held in the upcoming Winter Session. Need your help and support. EDIT Added Dropbox link which I missed out earlier. . Retail inflation accelerates industrial growth slows. current account deficit Indias current account deficit doubles to 1.2 of GDP in the September quarter. Infographic Most and least expensive states in India. In Next Five Years 9 Indians Will Be In Jobs That Dont Exist Today: [deleted]. Govt. drops Dec. 31 deadline for linking Aadhaar with bank accounts. GOVT delays deadline to link Aadhaar details to bank phone services. Deadline for Aadhaarbank account linkage has been extended indefinitely. How India moved up 4 notches to 100th spot on global prosperity index. A Slew Of Setbacks For India In The Neighbourhood. Centre indefinitely extends deadline for Aadhaarbank account linkage Times of India. Aadhaar linking deadline likely to be extended for all financial services instruments The Economic Times. Sharing some examples of Condom Ads made by government of India. Why cant we have advertisement guidelines instead of a blanket ban: The recent ban made me wonder if Indian government of India made any ads in the past and if they did why cant it be done now instead of banning something so important. I found many examples. The first one is by National Aids Control Organisation NACO Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The whole ad keeps saying condom to normalise it. So we dont treat it like a taboo subject gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvSZG6VS1rFak gt The problem is not with the condom but with the way you think Ad auntie The second example is the Comdom Hamesha always campaign by National Rural Health Mission gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvoTMj17WkUXw gt http//www.afaqs.com/advertising/creativeshowcase/index.htmlid46304ampmediaTV Another one called Condom its okay by National Rural Health Mission gt https//www.youtube.com/watchtimecontinue1ampvr6nrkgc3TMk Here are a few more by NACO and NHRM gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvR10FBLiPKdA gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvrnzIZZ11qg condom and pills gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvZwS115RRafw gt https//www.youtube.com/watchvc3LFKhRApo AIDS condom I am sure there are many more. So if we had these in the past without any problem in fact rightly promoted by the government itself why cant we have them now If sexiness of the ad is a problem that can be regulated with advertising guidelines right Or they can stop specific ads. Why the blanket ban on something that our country badly needs. Asian Development Bank slashes India growth forecast for 201718 to 6.7 from 7: [deleted]. Centre sets no new deadline to link Aadhaar with bank accounts. Niti Aayog is in denial about hunger in India but the problem is worse than the statistics show. PSA deadline for linking bank accounts with Aadhaar extended indefinitely.: First reported [here]https//twitter.com/AnupamSaraph/status/940857418669576192. [Link to the direct notification.]http//www.egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/180799.pdf. Niti Aayog is in denial about hunger in India but the problem is worse than the statistics show. Centre takes back December 31 deadline for linking bank accounts with Aadhaar no new date yet. Centre withdraws December 31 deadline to link Aadhaar with bank accounts. Breaking Govt withdraws December 31 deadline for Aadhar Bank linkage.: New deadline to be announced soon. http//indianexpress.com/article/india/centresetsnonewdeadlinetolinkaadhaarwithbankaccounts4980856/ Edit Some reports suggest that the date is extended to 31 March 2018. Bitcoin Tax department turns heat on bitcoin exchanges across country checks for evasion. Restaurants hotels can sell bottled drinking water above MRP says Supreme Court. Government asks businesses to revise erroneous tax credit claims under GST by 27 Dec. Sebi may reduce IPO listing time to four days Chairman Ajay Tyagi. AADHAAR Supreme Court bench to hear pleas against Aadhaar tomorrow The Economic Times. Our Army Is The Second Largest In The World So Why Are We Skimping On Their Expenses: [deleted]. Aadhar Case To Be Heard By SC Constitution Bench Tomorrow Thursday For Interim Relief. CPI inflation hits 15month high industrial output at 3month low. How India can be a 10 trillion economy by 2030. Bad news for Indian economy Octobers industry output falls to 2.2 retail inflation rises to 4.8 in November. How India can be a 10 trillion economy by 2030: [deleted]. Bad news for Indian economy Octobers industry output falls to 2.2 retail inflation rises to 4.8 in November: [deleted]. GDP to accelerate to 7.2 in 2018 7.4 in 2019 making India fastest growing economy says UN. How India can be a 10 trillion economy by 2030: [deleted]. Bad news for Indian economy Octobers industry output falls to 2.2 retail inflation rises to 4.8 in November: [deleted]. Retail inflation surges to 15month high of 4.88 on food price breaches RBI target. FRDI Bill is not going to hike the risk to your deposits. Restaurants hotels can sell bottled drinking water above MRP says Supreme Court: [deleted]. EPFO advises members against fully withdrawing funds. These services need to be linked with Aadhaar and here are the deadlines. FRDI bill Your deposits are safe and banks cannot use them without your consent. FRDI bill Dont worry your fixed deposits are safe.. What are your views on the shutting down Max Hospital Controversy: I watched few debates on youtube for example [Mirror Now ]https//www.youtube.com/watchvvhZ51J8YnM8 I noticed most of the doctors are in favor of Max hospital despite the heinous crime they have committed they call it an accident which is clearly not a case. And we all are aware of these cunning moneymaking malpractice by these private hospitals I personally feel Delhi govt. has taken a huge and right step as it will send a clear and loud message to such private hospital loots. Now my question is why doctors are so butthurt with this step Is money is more important to them than the human life. 1800 cr digital payment transactions likely in FY18 Alphons. DATA STORY India will be one of the least affected by automation job losses among major economies. Indias long rise as an Asian power The second world war and after. Poor utilisation of SC/ST funds by govt. departments. Three Days Remain before Supreme Court holidays begin. No Ruling on Aadhar Yet. : Supreme Court shuts down for Christmas Holidays on Friday Evening and reassembles only in 2018. Meanwhile the link aadhar to bank accounts deadline is still Dec 31. Delhi government to pay 100 hospital bills of accident victims. IRCTC Book Upto 12 tickets in a month by linking Aadhaar. Rs 100 crore meant for midday meal transferred to private builder in Jharkhand. Indias external debt down first time since 200102. India reduces gap with China on prosperity Study. Delhi Kids to Get a Boost Massive New Rs 122 Crore Sports Complex Planned. SEBI mulls reducing listing time to four days. Simplified explanation of how Govt. works in India. Constituition.. Sharad Joshis Marshall Plan The slapping of export restrictions minimum export prices and unfair imports as a means to target inflation have affected farmers. Why Substantially Cutting Income Tax Is Crucial For The Success Of GST. Betaal discussing Aadhaar with Vikram [Forwarded as received]. Nondeclaration of Bitcoin gains could attract 50 penalty and interest. Beware the merchant charge that could boost GDP spur inflation. Millets with fibrous superior nutrition could be the answer to Indias twin problems of malnutrition and obesity. They could make a comeback on our plates as govt plans to sell it cheap through PDS. Indias GDP seen rising 7.2 in 2018 7.4 in 2019 UN report. Indias GDP seen rising 7.2 in 2018 7.4 in 2019 UN report: [deleted]. No condom ads between 6 am and 10 pm says IampB ministry. Bitcoin Mega bitcoin gains come with megabyte tax. Nitin gadkari India proposed 1 billion credit for connectivity with ASEAN Nitin Gadkari.. India objects to rich nations attempts to rake up nontrade issues.. Only 20 of students from Bschools get job offers Assocham. Economy A private capex recovery is expected in 2018 for the first time in six years. Heres why. All well says Finance Ministry GST pains persist say exporters. GST demonetisation shock to last two more years says Reddy. GST impact Fake brands of packaged food flood market. Karnataka HC directs state govt not to insist on Aadhaar for exam registration. Fadnavis govt junks Aadhaar dines with the devil banks gets loan waiver Assemblyready but crisis far from over. Norms set doubledecker buses may ply on 70 routes. Bank loan growth hits 3year high on base effect shows early signs of revival. Bank loan growth hits 3year high on base effect shows early signs of revival. Indias GDP growth to rise to 7.5 in 2018 Morgan Stanley. European with quick question about whether this Indian story is true or not. Any help appreciated : Hi guys and gals Im brand new to this sub because i have no idea where else to go I was reading a rudimentary economics book and it was talking about protectionist policies vs free trade. It gave an example from your beautiful country to illustrate its point. Here it is There are also contradictions between theory and practice. When the government of India removed tariffs on imports of cheap palm oil from Indonesia for instance it had the positive effect of raising the living standards of hundreds of millions of Indians in line with Ricardos theory but it destroyed the livelihoods of 1000000 farmers who grew peanuts for oil which was now passed over for palm oil. In a perfect Ricardian world the peanut farmers would simply transfer into the production of other goods but in practice they cant because their investment in capital is immobile a machine that processes peanuts has no other use. Is this true Did this happen I googled it but only got a lot of news stories about current things going on between India and Indonesia relating to their palm oil trade. A million is a stunning amount. Perhaps this is a very niche story that people wouldnt know about even within the boundaries of India or maybe some of you would know and could verify its veracity and/or point me to more concrete sources the book i used is introductory so it excludes most info on sourcing and fact finding. . Finally the farm crisis takes political centre stage. Jayalalithaa fingerprints verification Does privacy outlive death asks Supreme Court. Backdoor Privatisation is the Ultimate Aim of the FRDI Bill Thomas Franco. U.S.India Insight Do Not Give Up on the Bilateral Investment Treaty. Indias GDP growth to rise to 7.5 in 2018 Morgan Stanley: [deleted]. Madhya Pradesh govt to give malnourished tribals Rs 1000 each for food. Govt launches doortodoor campaign against TB. Why India wants to buy the worlds emptiest airport in Sri Lanka. When a hospital shuts down overnight in Delhi its difficult to be patient. GST [as implemented by govt of India ]. Air India seeks Rs 1100 cr loan to modify planes for VVIPs. Wassenaar Arrangement Admits India as Its 42nd Member. 201819 budget not likely to be populist PMEAC member. Online plea against FRDI Bill spreads like wildfire 40000 signatures and counting. All you need to know about Indias NPA crisis and the FRDI Bill. Why is everyone scared of the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill. All you need to know about Indias NPA crisis and the FRDI Bill: [deleted]. Why is everyone scared of the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill: [deleted]. Indias Detroit Struggles as New States Become Growth Drivers. A Proposed Law Is Stoking the Worst Fears of Indias Bank Depositors. Heres Why.. Why is everyone scared of the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill: [deleted]. Need more migration to sustain ageing peninsular states says CEA Arvind Subramanian. Young Turks bring zing to Niti Aayog. Do you know where your Aadhaar has been used This is how you can find out. India eyes ASEAN pivot to counterbalance Chinas One Belt One Road. 45 Indians paid bribe in past one year Survey Times of India. Direct tax collections grow 14.4 to Rs 4.8 lakh crore in AprilNovember. Government may raise protection on bank deposits. In Charts Has Gujarats Economy Really Thrived. The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance FRDI bill: This thread has been set up to provide information and to hopefully garner reasonable discussion about the proposed legislation bill. Highlights The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance FRDI Bill is the latest attempt by the government at erasing bad loans and recapitalisation of banks. The FRDI Bill is aimed at insuring the money of a banks depositors in the case of an eventuality where the bank would have to be liquidated. It gives the government absolute power in deciding the fate of banks if they go under. In case the banks go under The bill gives authorises banks to convert depositors money into bank shares amp other securities tradable financial assets which can be later redeemed. At present all deposits up to Rs 1 lakh are protected under a 1962 law. Once the FRDI bill is cleared it will replace this deposit insurance framework. In case of a bank failure The bill prescribes no specific deposit insurance amount. Banks will owe you nothing. As per Section 52 of the FRDI Bill It allows the proposed rescue body Resolution Corporation to modify banks liability. Eg Banks can change lock in period of depositors money without prior notice What does it propose The Bill support taking away the Debt restructuring and ensuring the robustness of financial institutions powers of the RBI The FRDI Bill proposed to instead create a Resolution Corporation for overseeing financial firms such as banks insurance companies nonbanking financial services NBFC companies stock exchanges among others and in case of insolvency work out options. This new corporation will look after and prevent the banks from going bankrupt by writing down of the liabilities aka a bail in. The Resolution Corporation Board would consist of A Chairperson One member from the Finance Ministry One member from the RBI One member from the Securities and Exchange Board of India SEBI One member from the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India IRDAI One member from the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority PFDA THREE Full Time members appointed by the Central government TWO Independent members appointed by the Central government It should be noted that 6 of the 11 members of the Board will be nominated by the government giving it the final say in decision making How does it affect you The bailin clause in the FRDI Bill seeks to absorb the losses of the bank including insurance companies and prevent insolvency by prioritising the restoration of capital and asset of the bank over and above the safety of the depositors money. As per Clause 52 of the FRDI Bill the Resolution Corporation can cancel modify or change the liability owed by a bank and its lossridden balance sheet. The Resolution Corporation is entitled to convert the part of deposited money with a bank into bank shares and other forms of security in the name of recapitalisation. The value of such shares and securities will not immediately commensurate with the deposit amount since a bank that has filed for bankruptcy its value of assets would have also eroded. The bailin clause wont affect the wealthier members of society but would definitely hurt the lower and middle classes if invoked. What Can I Do A petition is currently live with 86699 signatures. The goal is set to 150000 signatures. Link in comments. TLDR This bill gives power to a government entity to use depositors money to save a bank on the verge of bankruptcy.. The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance FRDI bill discussion thread.. Government policy on methanol blending in petrol to be unveiled soon. Indias export of software services rise by 10.3 pct in 201617. Why It Is Incumbent Upon India To Recognise Jerusalem As The Capital Of Israel. The Spell Of Specialisation Why Reforming IAS Is Need Of The Hour. Indian Government Railways under reservation policy chose the best among failed candidates when all reserved candidates failed to score cutoff marks for selection to high level posts. India Indonesia and the Philippines will be Asias tiger cubs in 2018 Nomura. India can achieve the goal of being cataract free country says James Tyler Ueltschi. New debit card charges may push retailers back to cash transactions. TRAI Mr RS Sharma Chairman TRAI met with Mr Ajit Pai AjitPaiFCC Chairman FCC at FCC Headquarters at Washington DC today 8th Dec 2017 and discussed issues of common interest and how to furthe build upon the MoU between TRAI and FCC.. Environmentalists Ask Is Indias Government Making Bad Air Worse. LashkareToiba operative gets PAN Aadhaar passport in Bihar. Make in India India needs to show strong commitment to tech promotion S Jaishankar: [deleted]. Make in India India needs to show strong commitment to tech promotion S Jaishankar: [deleted]. India losing comparative advantage in leading export sectors. Govt extends mandatory Aadhaar linking to March 31 2018 Everything to know. Ep.22 Death by Taxes. How India can be a 10 trillion economy by 2030. Ep.22 Death by Taxes: [deleted]. How India can be a 10 trillion economy by 2030: [deleted]. If you take flights in India please read this interview. License of Max Hospital cancelled for falsely declaring living newborn dead Delhi News. HDI Changes in the Indian States 2008 to 2015: I was checking the data on wiki here https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ListofIndianstatesandterritoriesbyHumanDevelopmentIndex 2015 data for 34 states is not available but amongst the rest Kerala is the only state where HDI has gone down. Mind you it is still 2nd highest at least. Delhi data is not available for 2015 but Kerala has dropped below Delhis 2008 score. Any idea why this has happened Why has Kerela regressed on this metric when every other state has improved Am I missing something Also good to see that the gap between highest and lowest states has substantially reduced.. Soon 24x7 electricity for all distributors to be fined for power cut. Wassenaar Arrangement decides to make India its member. Nagaland rail project PMO sets 2020 for longpending Nagaland rail project. India to achieve electricity for all by early 2020s IEA. Where is the Supreme court judgement about aadhar: Wasnt there going to be a judgement by a 9 panel bench regarding enforcement of aadhar by end of november What happened. Indians arent convinced the economy is as good as India says it is. Indians arent convinced the economy is as good as India says it is: [deleted]. How faulty government policies ruined farmers and made our cities unbreathable: [deleted]. Crisil ranks Kerala low in economic growth. Why Are China and India Growing So Fast State Investment. Gujarat Chhattisgarh and Haryana grew the fastest between 2013 and 2017 Crisil study. Identity resurrected Santhosh Thottingal. 1 BTC 1 Million INR in Indiarocketrocketrocket: [deleted]. India stumped in its efforts to clear toxic air. Is moving your money to a Bank with low NPAs the best way to minimize your risk to the bailin clause : Now i know this would be a last resort measure to bailin banks by using depositor money as the ruling party which decides to this is this royally fucked for a generation but isnt moving your money to a wellperforming bank low NPAs a very simple and effective measure to safeguard yourself against this . Will Khelo India Be Revolutionary for Indian Sports The Quint. Modi govt Loadshedding will be a crime discoms cant bill you for losses from 2019. Govt unveils Rs8450 crore package to revive exports after GST. Floods Droughts and Indias Uncertain Climate Future Mumbai Kolkata Chennai and hundreds of smaller cities may be condemned to catastrophic annual climate events.. 1 BTC 1 Million INR in India: [deleted]. Preparing For Cyprus Moment Centre May Allow Banks To Use Your HardEarned Deposits In Case It Collapses. The governments line of argument in the Supreme Court has been that those with Aadhaar do not mind producing their Aadhaar: Source quoted texts from [The Hindus article]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/aadhaarlinkingdeadlineforservicestobeextendedtomarch31/article21288273.ecehomepagetrue gt Mr. Venugopal said If that is the case nobody will produce it [Aadhaar]. We have said that those with Aadhaar do not mind producing their Aadhaar. Next week could be crucial since gt So the focus of the hearing next week may likely be on the status of existing Aadhaar holders and whether the extension of the deadline would in effect confine to nonAadhaar holders only.. A better skilled India. RBI survey shows consumer confidence perceptions of employment prospects at multiyear lows. Indias energy subsidies favour fossil fuels over renewables. Arun Jaitley signals rethink on Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance bill. India emerging as major driving force in global energy trends IEA. Centre to extend deadline for mandatory Aadhaarlinking to March 31. Aadhaar linking deadline will be extended to March 31 2018 Centre to SC The Indian Express. Bank recapitalisation and banking reforms finally go hand in hand. Economic growth is a conscience not rewarded from Demonetization: [removed]. Why is TransUnion CIBIL an American multinational group operating in India: Is there any Indian regulatory authority keeping track on the loans and credits Or is that we have given access to Americans to have complete control over our finances and one day let them runaway with critical data. TransUnion is one of the multibilliondollar corporations that track our movements spending behavior and financial status. This data is used to predict the riskiness as borrowers and to judge our trustworthiness and value in a broad array of contexts from insurance and marketing to employment and housing. Page 4 last para of the URL suggests that they have been successful in leveraging their brand their expertise and their solutions in their global operations and have a leading presence in several highgrowth international markets including India Hong Kong and Africa. https//s21.q4cdn.com/588148537/files/10Kasfiled2.pdf. Bank recapitalisation and banking reforms finally go hand in hand: [deleted]. Fitch slashes Indias GDP outlook to 6.7 says growth has repeatedly disappointed in recent quarters. After China Indias central bank warns Beware of bitcoin. Development vs. Conservation Jairam Ramesh: Heres an interesting take on development vs conservation and how policy can bring about a balance between the two. http//www.birdpodcast.com/2017/12/05/conversationjairamramesh. Indian Railways Will Now Compensate You for Undelivered Food. India Raises Incentives by More Than a Third to Boost Exports. Chennai Indias Detroit struggles as new states become growth drivers. Indias November gold imports nearly halve on higher prices GFMS. Modi Bleak prospects for Indian economy for next few quarters. Delhi govt submits action plan before NGT to combat pollution. Construction to completely stop once pollution level touches Severe category. Trucks entry in Delhi to be banned. No exemption be given under OddEven. Pollution causing industries to shut. Burning of waste banned.. Insolvency Bankruptcy Code Is it really a game changer. Cyclone Ockhi rages on 900 fishermen reach Maharashtra coast 13 killed in Tamil Nadu Kerala. RBI likely to hold rates as growth recovers. RBI likely to hold rates as growth recovers: [deleted]. 9 lakh seniors give up ticket subsidy in 3 months as part of Give up campaign and this has saved Indian railways 40 crores. Go Deeper into GDP Numbers and Economys Prospects Look Bleak: [deleted]. Indias Detroit Chennai struggles as new states become growth drivers. Direct selling can be regulated under new consumer bill Government: [deleted]. Heres how the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill may help the banks take away all your hardearned money. Without your consent. Modi governments FRDI bill may take away all your hardearned money. Services PMI signals slowdown in demand. Indias Unreliable GDP Numbers And The Policy Implications. Kerala Fishermens Anger Boils Over Callous Attitude of Government in Issuing Alerts for Cyclone Ockhi. The disappearance of around 96 fishermen has forced the locals to initiate their own rescue operations.. Foreign Trade policy Government announces incentives worth 8450 cr to boost exports. Delhi Local/Municipal Corruption Info resources: Hello I hear a lot about corruption at the national level in India but what about at the local level in Delhi Whenever I try to search Google gets clogged up with nationallevel newsprobably doesnt help that Delhi is also the national capital. Is corruption less of a problem at the local level in Delhi I know there are problems with pushing resources and utility services sometimes but is that a corruption problem on the municipal side or just poor management Thank you. SC asks Centre to bring law to regulate legal profession cap lawyers fees. Chennai Indias Detroit Struggles as New States Become Growth Drivers. Do Bank Depositors Need To Worry about FRDI. As the US moves to dismantle net neutrality rules India is moving in the opposite direction. Centre offers Rs 2.5 lakh for every intercaste marriage with a Dalit. Cardiac stents Regulator to reexamine prices as manufacturers threaten to withdraw from India. Modi governments FRDI bill may take away all your hardearned money. RBI reiterates warnings about trading in Bitcoins Times of India. India houses 35 of the worlds illiterate population UNESCO. Sign this petition before it is too late.: [Copied and pasted as on the landing page] Many of you may have received scary whatsapp messages about the safety of your bank deposits. Well while it is not yet time to panic we are certainly heading in a dangerous direction. A new legislation with a bail in clause allows the government to use bank deposits above a certain threshold insured deposits to bailout banks in a financial meltdown. It is another reason why we as depositors need to get together to protect our rights. Some of our demands have been met but there is no move to reduce extortionate bank charges. I urge you to make another effort to get more people involved in this fight of ours Do read http//www.moneylife.in/article/dobankdepositorsneedtoworryaboutfrdi/52339.html thanks and regards Sucheta link https//www.change.org/p/10708781/u/22098928utmmediumemailamputmsourcepetitionupdateamputmcampaign200358ampsfmctkJ1V63CAkhV84lPjbgsbZnpNkcOvLDA1GDQF3RJo8gpIvhk22bBKiUE5Ks32fhF6sdzampj200358ampsfmcsub424962685ampl32HTMLampu36987804ampmid7259882ampjb386. Indias Geography Problem. Indias containerised foreign trade surges 10 in Q3 2017. Some body please kill me. AP govt to denotify 30k acres of forest land. Making in India is great but are we also making Indians The importance of demographic dividend to a nations success cannot be overstated. And it must be a driven by a radically new pedagogical methodology based on a DIY mindset and a quest for quality and high standards.. Brighter India: [removed]. Dont Look to Indias Universal ID System as Model for Biometrics to Replace Social Security Numbers naked capitalism [NP]. Dedigitization in December 2017: If everything goes as per plan do you guys feel there will be a dedigitization in December 2017 causing many people to shift back to cash Many credit cards and mobile wallets payTM is also saying that Aadhar link is mandatory would end up getting deactivated due to lack of Aadhar link resulting in a demonetization like situation but only for people relying on electronic means. People with cash available and just the bank account linked to Aadhar would be able to deal with the situation well. Even if individuals do it some shopkeepers may miss to do it. Indias Plan to Slash Freight Times to 14 Hours From 14 Days. TRAI and fail By decreeing net neutrality Indias regulator has trumped Americas FCC for an open internet. Its not ideology but aspiration that drives Indias middle class politicians take note. Government rolls out incentives to boost exports. India dream plan to cut freight times to 14 hours from 14 days. Vibrant Gujarat Investments RTI Shows They Dont Want You to Know. DelhiMumbai Industrial Corridor India dream plan to cut freight time to 14 hours from 14 days. Why is the proposed bail in clause not being discussed: Under the proposed Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill 2017 one idea is to have a bail in clause. The bill has suggested that the use of the bailin provision may result in cancellation of a liability which could extend to bank deposits or could lead to modification of the terms or changing the form of the asset class. How is this even on the table Sources [1] https//m.timesofindia.com/business/indiabusiness/govthintsatreviewofbailinplanforbanks/articleshow/61887774.cms [2] https//m.economictimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/howsafeareyourdepositsifyourbankfailsreadaboutthebailinoption/articleshow/61889538.cmsutmexpid.0OyxuZnTFSZGUuoEBqhFQ.0amputmreferrer [3] http//www.thehindu.com/opinion/editorial/bailindoubts/article21261606.ece. Woman With Leprosy Denied Pension Because She Doesnt Have Fingers for Indias Biometric Database. Indias Cashew Capital Loses Ground in Global Race. GDP Grows To 6.3 Up From 5.7 Is The Economy Back On Track. GDP Grows To 6.3 Up From 5.7 Is The Economy Back On Track: [deleted]. Privacy International raises concerns over IndiaStack ampamp UPI for establishing financial identity. GDP Grows To 6.3 Up From 5.7 Is The Economy Back On Track: [deleted]. How the new financial regulation law will affect the banking sector. Maharashtra Thane businessman says bank linked his accounts to Aadhaar without permission. [Original Content] TIL Kerala may likely have the highest GDP per capita among large Indian states if the influences of the Tier1 cities like Mumbai/Delhi are excluded from the GDP of all states.: [deleted]. 8.6 will be Indias contribution to est. Global Growth 20172019 in Real GDP. China 35.2 USA 17.9 EU 7.9. A solution to Indias parking ampamp hawker problem that kills graft rewards investors unclutters roads. Over 1300 government schools to be shut over lack of demand says minister. Banks Can Wipe Out Your Money. GST effect shaky Budget in offing. Cabinet proposes the bail in law for banks. This basically means that neither our cash is safe in banks nor it is safe in the suitcases packed under our bed. Shit is getting serious.. No BSIV vehicle registrations beyond June 2020 Draft rules. Centre planning to put tollfree quitline number on tobacco packets. Desi CAs in great demand as UAE looks to implement VAT. Centre plans to allow consumers to switch power service cos like telecos. Insurance company to pay even if accident not in India High Court. Indias GDP should have been back at 9 says Kaushik Basu. No country except India has women heading 40 percent of banking sector Chanda Kochhar. India Restores Faith in Capitalism. India Restores Faith in Capitalism: [deleted]. GST News roundup: [removed]. Habeas Corpus in the Age of Aadhaar. New Tax code could lower the tax rate. Iron Lady Muniba Mazari Dont Die Before Youre Dead Inspiration Moment 2017: [deleted]. Mukesh Ambani on Indias Future HT Leadership Summit 2017: [deleted]. Mukesh Ambani on Indias Future HT Leadership Summit 2017: [deleted]. [AskIndia] How will you unlock aadhaar biometrics when your SIM gets allocated to someone else:  Snippet of the problem from https//www.consumercomplaints.in/airtelmysimisallocatedtosomeoneelsec1503298 I have been using my mobile number [protected] for past 9 years.I recently was out of station for 4 months. when I inserted the sim it showed inactive I came to know my number is allocated to some one else. My point is how come in this much short duration you can allocate my number to some one else This number is update in all my bank accounts DEMAT PAN detail Aadhaar account. My privacy is at risk as all the sms Verification code OTP URN still goes to this number and I am fully prone to fraud as well because of exposed information . India affirms commitment to supply HIV/AIDS medicine. India still accounts for 24 per cent deaths of newborns UN study. Amid NEET controversy Medical Council of India to introduce new modules in MBBS from 2018. Indias first postGST budget likely on February 1. ASSOCHAM study claims Indias healthcare sector likely to reach 372 billion by 2022. Modi government cant match UPAs 10year growth rate Manmohan Singh. BQ Exclusive Arvind Subramanian talks to Praveen Chakravarty. If it were a country Uttar Pradesh would be the poorest large country in the world on GDP per capita. BQ Exclusive Arvind Subramanian talks to Praveen Chakravarty: [deleted]. If it were a country Uttar Pradesh would be the poorest large country in the world on GDP per capita: [deleted]. BQ Exclusive Arvind Subramanian talks to Praveen Chakravarty: [deleted]. Aadhaar: There was a hearing set for late November any updates. Maharashtra Farmers suffer as government banks play blame game. A cotton crisis is looming large in Maharashtra. Field after field in the various districts of Vidarbha planted with cotton during the rabi sowing season have been infested with the Pink Bollworm.. FortySix Years on Families Displaced by Maharashtras Bhatsa Irrigation Project Speak. The 127 families who lost their homes including 97 from the Ma Thakur tribe and 30 OBC families are still awaiting rehabilitation.. Thieves use Aadhaar to steal fingerprints iris info. Modi government cannot equal UPAs 10year average growth rate Manmohan Singh: [deleted]. Why did the Indian Navy put an exsailor in the psychiatric ward Sabi Giri was discharged of her duties because of undergoing a sex reassignment surgery. The Navy put her in psychiatric ward for almost five months as they did not have any guidelines for transgenders [Video]. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. Finance ministry exporters spar over GST refunds claims. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. Indias Big Job Creating Industry Is Dying A Slow Death. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. Ockhi raises questions over Keralas disaster preparedness. Coastal people allege the storm has exposed basic flaws in the system.. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. State Of The Economy GDP At 6.3: [deleted]. As State Bungles Loan Waiver Four Maharashtra Farmers Kill Themselves. Plastic Bullets Fired and Lathi Charged on Sugarcane Farmers in Maharashtra. Hundreds of farmers had gathered in protest in the Shevgaon region to demand fair and remunerative price for their produce.. BQ Exclusive CEA Arvind Subramanian talks to Praveen Chakravarty: [deleted]. BQ Exclusive CEA Arvind Subramanian talks to Praveen Chakravarty: [deleted]. Indias Forex Reserves up 1.2 Billion Reclaim 400 Billion Mark. India begins project to build 6 nuclearpowered submarines. Policy to restrict pet coke imports soon Pradhan. India wins IMO council elections secures seat under Category B. Indias economy will double to 5 trillion by 2024 Mukesh Ambani. Cabinet approves Rs9046 crore National Nutrition Mission Under the mission the government is targeting a reduction of 2 a year in stunting undernutrition and low birthweight among 100 million people. PF Salary Limit May Increase to Rs 21000/ from Rs 15000/. The rural economy is not just about farming More than half of Indian industrial production comes from the rural areas. [RANT] Aadhar is too easy to fake: Walking into an airport the security checked my Aadhar which has no signature/seal or a hologram. I could have easily used a ticket bought in someone else name and fake an Aadhar. No need for photoshop. One can fake it with PowerPoint or Ms Paint. Aadhar is accepted almost everywhere and yet theres ZERO security measures. Of course theres biometrics but who scans that while checking IDs Im talking about sensitive areas like airport. How many are actually misusing fake Aadhar cards already. Indias Big Job Creating Industry Is Dying A Slow Death [NP]. Share your Aadhaar stories with Mozilla. The disingenuous 30Days Billing Cycles: Im sure smarter folks than me are already aware of the problem but it is something Ive noticed recently. Many ISP Telcos and DTH providers are moving to billing cycles which are 30 days or multiples of it which is highly unfair. Especially the 30 day cycle which I opt for and assume it would be what most people would choose than getting tied down to one service provider. Either because its cheaper or because the service provider is unreliable. So Ill be focusing on that. How is that unfair Well the ideal coverage should be 12 payments in 12 month. After all that is how we earn in a year. But when it comes to payment in 30 days we pay 13 times. 3012 360 so on 361st day of the year were paying again. So there usually comes a month when we pay twice even though weve gotten salary only once. This is crazy And we should highlight this problem before it becomes the norm. Would like to know your thoughts on this. . Modi may exclude 4.7 billion debt before Air India sale. Maharashtra loan waiver Latur farmers get SMS from banks postcards from Fadnavis but moneys nowhere.. Gujarat Government May Take Over Tata Adani Essar Power Plants [Oct 2017]. Modinomics No Ability Not even availability. Children will need Aadhaar registration to get food at anganwadis says Centre. Responding to the ChinaPakistan Economic Corridor challenge. NCRB Crime Rises in India Uttar Pradesh Tops the List. Clean energy can potentially transform the lives of millions of rural Indian women. India November factory PMI growth fastest since late 2016 demonetisation shock. Novembers Nikkei/IHS Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index rose to 52.6 from 50.3 in October. Bihars Poorest Women Are Changing Their Lives With A Little Help. Important for India to keep internet open Trai chief RS Sharma. India has a huge population huge things are going to happen on the internet. It is important that we keep this open says Trai chief RS Sharma on net neutrality rules. Maharashtras farm loan waiver claims first victim Senior bureaucrat VK Gautam sent on leave.. US oil refineries treating India as a dumping ground for petcoke A fuel which has 17 times more sulfur content than the limit prescribed by EPCA. US exporting dirty fuel to already pollutionchoked India. Aadhaar cases Supreme Court likely to set up Constitution bench next week. Indian economy no longer dependent on the oxygen of govt support. How the upcoming BSVI grade fuel could affect you. Amul is now a Congressmukt federation How BJP took control of Indias largest milk cooperative. Mumbais Mahul Is a Classic Case of Rehabilitation Gone Horribly Wrong. TRAI Firmly Anchors Net Neutrality in India but the Debate Is Far From Over. After Central govt refusalOdisha Assembly panel to meet President over paddy MSP. Aadhaar Promising identity delivering what exactly.  2017 Latest Funny Song Talking Tom Version Song. Uttar Pradesh Tops Crime List Delhi Least Safe Among Metros NCRB Data. Indias economy posts first growth in five quarters. GDP breaks 5quarter jinx grows by 6.3 in Q2. [funny] tiger zinda hai. Indias September quarter GDP growth at 6.3 per cent: [deleted]. India raises 400m green bond to fund renewables drive. LIVE GDP growth recovers to 6.3 in the second quarter of FY18 vs 5.7 QoQ: [deleted]. Indias GDP growth surges to 6.3 in September quarter. [NP] Just missed my scholarship due to Aadhaar not being linked due to my bank account.: So I thought I had linked my Aadhaar to my SBI account months back. Just realized that the linking had failed and I am not able to link it now through SMS or through the Anywhere app. And the govt sent the scholarships to the banks which the respective Aadhaar has been linked to. GG . GST GST collections in October decline to Rs 83346 crore.. Madhya Pradesh Cabinet approves law seeking death for rape of children aged 12 or below.. EPFO may lower interest rate for 201718 Times of India.. Massive move to make cricket universal All IPL games to be broadcast on Doordarshan soon. Indias fiscal deficit reaches 96 percent of FY target in October. Indias JanuaryOctober tea exports jump 6.6. Nitin Gadkari gets Rs 500 crore commitment for Clean Ganga mission. Indias fiscal deficit reaches 96 of FY target in October: [deleted]. You guys really work hard. India net neutrality rules could be worlds strongest. Amazon agents ask for Aadhaar experts say it could lead to privacy issues. India ranks 100 in global prosperity index catches up with China. Indias improvement stems from gains in three Business Environment Economic Quality and Governance of the nine pillars of prosperity. HDFC just automatically updated my Aadhaar number by itself. How: I did not update my aadhaar number with my bank yet. However I just got an SMS and an email that my bank has updated the aadhaar by itself. How is this possible And do they have the right to do this on their own Attaching screenshots of the email. I open up my netbanking and the number shows up their in my profile alright. What https//i.imgur.com/CEx9dc9.png. India has standardised itself for 78 growth says Arun Jaitley. Real estate to get real How Modi is setting Indias Housing in order. Amazon Is Asking Indians To Hand Over Their Aadhaar Indias Controversial Biometric ID To Track Lost Packages[NP]. With near 100 per cent literacy and low infant mortality Kerala remains miles ahead of most states State of the States. More takers for Air India Jet Airways SpiceJet may be in race to bid for the airline. Over 60k Petrol Pumps in India 45 Jump in 6 Years. Screws tighten on defaulters personal guarantors too may now face insolvency heat. TRAI pushes plan to give free 100 MB data to rural users. Global firms line up for Indias largest convention centre Rs 26000cr project may create 5L jobs. Amazon Is Asking Indians To Hand Over Their Aadhaar. Read Govt to roll back move to ban sale of cattle for slaughter: [deleted]. Indian Railways sees a growth of 21 million passengers in 2017. GST India seen posting stronger growth as businesses adjust to new tax. GST Realty contractors move court over discrepancy in GST rates The Economic Times. Demonetisation and GST Reckless Decisions that Cost the Economy. Controlling onion prices not in our hands Ram Vilas Paswan. If you thought Demonetisation was bad...: https//www.newslaundry.com/2017/11/29/thebigbadandsadloanstory this bill introduces something called a bailin. If you thought bailout was bad wait till you hear about this one...... .. To put it simply when a person puts in money into the bank and demands it back the bank has to obey. Because its not their money. But now if the bank is suffering huge losses say due to companies who took loans and wouldnt pay back it will simply refuse to give the money and instead issue shares or an FD certificate all based on the decision taken by the Resolution Corporation. Depositing money will no more be a saving which guarantees a depositors money is safe now its an investment subject to market risks. Please read the offer documents carefully before investing This contingency is being prepared in case of catastrophic financial events and extreme losses like the kind that happened in 2008 in the USA. The bottom line seems to be that whether its a bailin or a bailout the costs of the misadventures of banks and big corporations will be paid for by the depositor or the taxpayer as the case may be. FRDI Bill Petition to prevent passing the bill Redditors make it happen: [removed]. Delhi continues to be on top in per capita income life expectancy number of doctors State of the States. Causes behind migration from Bihar. How Delhi smog is leaving Punjab farmers victimised The capital gets its collective guilt sorted by throwing the issue into the rural dustbin.. Jobs Not only companies even jobs face liquidation due to insolvency ordinance. Audi unleashes the A5BratPack in India. What doctors have to say about Delhi govt.. The FRDI Bill and concerns of the depositor The Hindu. TRAI plans consultation for regulation of Internet apps and sites in India Our Take MediaNama. This Tsunami will wipe out your money lying in the Banks: This Tsunami will wipe out your money lying in the Banks I now get on with my banking Armageddon amendment that is under way. Read the post and all the links that I have provided here and you will understand as to how the kitchen sink is thrown at you by this Govt. 1. Banks the world over get into problems when the loans advanced by them are not repaid on time by the borrowers. When the economy is in a slowdown many of these borrowers go belly up and become NPAs. 2. Normal banking prudence suggests that the banks should auction the assets given by the borrower as security at the time of taking loans. Generally banks insist on 150 security of the loan amount. For example if a borrower wants Rs.100 as loan he has to provide security worth Rs.150 before availing the loan. 3. However for big borrowers every norm is flouted and when they become NPAs like that of Anil Ambani in Telecom you are talking of outstanding dues worth Rs.45000 Cr. Now the question is who will replace the funds that were loaned to him. 4. Today the NPAs of Indian Banks amount to over Rs.10 Lac Cr. Jaitly or Urjit Patel do not give the actual figures. To resue these banks the Govt. has 2 options. They are called bailout which means the Govt. uses the taxpayers money to fund the bank. This is very wrong but it has now been happening quite regularly in India 5. The other monstrous option is called bailin. The is the term that forms the very pivot of this post and has never been resorted to in our country earlier. Now what is bailin. The dictionary meaning of bailin is rescuing a financial institution on the brink of failure by making its creditors and depositors take a loss on their holdings. A bailin is an internal process and is the opposite of a bailout which is external and handled by Govt. with budgetary allocation. 6. You just deposit your money in a bank as a Savings Deposit or Fixed Deposit to use it whenever you want. You have no clue as to how well the bank is managed. Now Modi amp Jaitely have got a bill approved by the Cabinet called The Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance FRDI Bill 2017 and this has now been referred to a Joint Parliamentary Committee before getting it passed in the Parliament. 7. This bill covers bankruptcy of businesses such as banks and insurance. Financial resolution includes solutions for banks facing imminent risk to their viability amp their very existence depending on their capital asset worth and quantum of NPAs. 8. Now comes the wily Jaitley into the picture. This Bill also introduces the provision for a bailin whose purpose is to provide capital to absorb the losses of a bank and ensure its survival. Here survival does not mean safety of depositors money but restoration of capital of the bank. The bailin empowers the bank to cancel a liability owed by the bank or change the form of an existing liability to another security. 9. In simple words it means that your savings account balance of Rs.15 lacs can be reduced to Rs.1 lac which is mandatory by law. Or they can convert your savings account balance of Rs.15 lacs to a Fixed Deposit repayable after 5 years giving you of 5 annual interest. And you can nothing about it. If you had kept that money for your daughters marriage it is bad luck and you cannot access your money for the next 5 years. View this link to know more. http//www.thehindu.com/opinion/oped/bankingonlegislation/article20005363.ece 10. A question may arise in your mind if such things happen abroad. Certainly yes and in a big way. Cyprus was the first country to the face bailin in 2013. The depositors lost 47.5 of their savings in phase1. They also had a phase 2. See the report from Cyprus Mail which screams Lenders set Bank of Cyprus bailin at 47.5 View the link. http//cyprusmail.com/2013/07/28/lenderssetbankofcyprusbailinat475/ 11. After this the G20 Nations comprised of Nations that include US UK Japan Germany France China Australia Canada and others have officially approved this process. Incidentally India is also a part of G20. View the link. https//www.nestmann.com/itsofficialtheworldwidebailinsarecoming 12. When the banks make hefty profit you dont get anything but when they are into losses suppliers amp depositors have to lose their money. And the heartless duo of Modi amp Jaitley have come up with yet another brutal aspect. Just unbelievable. 13. To recover the money from the defaulters there is no attempt so far by the Reserve Bank of India to blacklist these entities from getting further loans or prevent their managements from retaining a majority equity stake as penalty for the huge haircuts writing off loans being taken by banks. Ambanis amp Essars can go away scott free and we depositors have to clean the toilet. 14. In a nutshell they are now trying to shift the responsibility of rescuing the sinking banks from the Govt. to the Suppliers amp Depositors of the Bank. The borrowers can go on a fishing trip. Trust in Banking Industry would be decimated. People would gradually close all their bank accounts and keep their cash under the bed. Bloody madness. . Involve students in framing curricula this could overhaul education system in India. Why So Many Economists Are Disillusioned With the Gujarat Model: [deleted]. LIVE dance pe ladki ne dikha diya kuch aisa ki ho gya video viral bra.... Narendra Modi government is getting one big reform right. Where are the Big Bang Reforms. To keep driving in Uttarakhand you may have to install dustbin in your car. Setting The Stage To Take Indias NPA Problem To Its Logical Endgame. Naidus building a new Andhra Pradesh. A range of foreign investors are flocking to the State thanks to the Chief Ministers initiative. Exciting activities ft. Vodafone and Aadhar. [Discussion] Yay Net Neutrality is safe in India. GST antiprofiteering clause will reveal how competitive FMCG is. GST may cloud GDP data for September quarter. According to the Economic Survey 2017 71 per cent of all loan defaults are by 50 companies which owe Rs 20000 crore each to banks. The top 10 companies owe Rs 40000 crore each.. Indian drugs safer than those in the US Europe WHOs monitoring agency. Singapores DBS Bank lowers Indias FY18 GDP growth to 6.6 [NP]. Bankruptcy Code View Is bankruptcy code the harbinger of real change. IBC ordinance a blow against the Promoter Raj With the IBC ordinance the Narendra Modi govt has shown once again that it doesnt shy away from addressing crony capitalism.. Saabs tie up with Adani to sell Gripen fighters may cause bigger scandal than Rafale Janta Ka Reporter 2.0. Cause for concern October GST revenue collection lowest since implementation. [NP] How does street harassment effect educational choices for women in Delhi. Banking on legislation. Government says Indias chemical industry to hit 300 billion by 2025. Ivanka Trump at GES 2017 Live PM Modi Says Women Continue To Lead In India. Telecom regulator TRAI backs Net neutrality. Telecom regulatory authority of Indias ruling on Net Neutrality. 15th finance commission Former bureaucrat NK Singh appointed as 15th Finance Commission chairman. India is miles ahead of the US with its ironclad net neutrality rules. TRAI backs net neutrality in recommendations released today. 7th pay commission Twofold increase in deputation allowance for central government employees. TRAI Bats For Net Neutrality Issues Recommendations. TRAI has issued its recommendations on Net Neutrality. Govt to airlines Roll back Rs 3000 cancellation fee its too high. Women first prosperity for all What we know of Ivankas GES 2017 agenda.. Dont share Aadhaar details via SMS LIC warns policyholders. China Development Bank files insolvency case against RCom. Builders body urges govt to lower GST to 6 for realty sector ET RealEstate. Still being charged higher MRP post GST rate cut Heres where you can complain. GST implementation textbook example of how not to implement it Yashwant Sinha. What are GST demonetisation Swachh Bharat doing in films Inspiring stories thats what bollywood Hindustan Times. GST collections in October decline to Rs 83346 crore. India will Miss its Deadline to Eliminate Kala Azar by the end of December. New industrial policy coming early next year Suresh Prabhu. GST November GST collection at Rs 83346 crore over 50 lakh returns filed for October. Goldman Sachs predicts Indias growth will bounce back next fiscal. Floods Droughts and Indias Uncertain Climate Future Mumbai Kolkata Chennai and hundreds of smaller cities may be condemned to catastrophic annual climate events.. Research and Development RampD spending as share of GDP[9.8 for India]: [deleted]. Research and Development RampD spending as share of GDP[0.8 for India]: [deleted]. Supreme Court to hear Aadhaar pleas after concluding DelhiCentre matter. Children dying in Indias largest state as govt focuses on cow welfare. U.S. oil dips on increased drilling but OPEC cuts support global markets. Airtel Voda Jios cheapest recharge offers with free calls 4G data. Measuring the drama in the Indian economy. Centre tells Supreme Court its willing to extend deadline for mandatory linking of Aadhaar to various services till March 31 2018 PTI. TIL that more Indians have access to opticalfibre driven internet than Americans: Checking the current status of [BharatNET]http//www.bbnl.nic.in/index1.aspxlsid570amplev2amplid467amplangid1 which aims to connect all panchayats and we can see that 77674 gram panchayats are connected to the National Optical Fibre Network. At an average GP population of 1750 we can see that theres well over a 135 million with access optical fibre. By contrast in the United States [less than 30 million]https//www.businessinsider.in/Americansarealreadywaybehindtherestoftheworldinsuperhighspeedinternettechnology/articleshow/51098530.cms have this access. The US is notably backward among OECD countries in adopting Fiber.. Twenty years ago a group of environmentalists raised the alarm against Delhis air pollution. Mangaluru Big Bazaar Attavar raided for not reducing GST rates. You cant make citizens safer by making them more vulnerable. Aadhaar does exactly that. Primary Education and Minority Rights In Pramati v Union of India 2014 the SC preferred an outdated interpretation of minority rights under Article 301 in keeping all minority schools aided and unaided beyond the scrutiny posed by the RTE Act 2009.. For first time northeastern states to play a big role during IndiaASEAN summit Times of India. UK government told to accept high immigration or forget trade deal with India after Brexit. Gujarat Model or Gujarat Muddle Economist Jean Dreze Punches Holes: [deleted]. I was groped by porters Why a woman is petitioning Indian Railways for disabledfriendly trains. Latest Updates On Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana PMAY on Area Allowed For Concession. CJPs website relaunch on ConstitutionDay: [removed]. Fewer GST rates possible in the future CEA Arvind Subramanian. Theres hope for Indian economy 7 things chief economic adviser Arvind Subramanian recently said. Theres hope for Indian economy 7 things chief economic adviser Arvind Subramanian recently said: [deleted]. Theres hope for Indian economy 7 things chief economic adviser Arvind Subramanian recently said: [deleted]. NITI Aayog Meet Tessy Thomas our GES2017 speaker also known as the Missile Woman of India. She is the first woman scientist to head a missile project in India.. Indias previously unstoppable ruling party loses momentum: [deleted]. To avoid data leaks UIDAI exploring idea of giving dummy nos to Aadhaar cardholders. More Aadhaar cards than Hyderabads population generated UIDAI in a fix Times of India. Modi Government Rejects Odishas Demand For Hike In Paddy MSP from 1550 to 2950 rupees.. tweeted directly to cm of chattisgarh Ministry directed cspdcl.. 34 students in BMC schools malnourished finds Praja Foundation. Licence ration card Delhi govt to homedeliver 40 key public services by next year. Announcing the cabinet decision deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia said that the government would hire an intermediary agency to execute the scheme and roll it out within two to three months.. Delhi govt school students to get oneonone career counselling sessions. The government had launched the first of its kind project implemented by iDreamCareer.com with support from UNDP India and Central Square Foundation in July this year. Leveling the field Delhis AAP govt to launch free coaching classes for SC ST and OBCs. Delhi govt school teachers to use WhatsApp YouTube as teaching tools. Nearly 500 government teachers and principals were sent abroad by the government to learn new teaching methods and gain leadership qualities. Delhi govt school guest teachers to get maternity benefits. VCs of varsities under Delhi govt can spend up to Rs 5 crore for any work Sisodia. Sisodia said the step was being taken as a reform measure to improve the functioning of universities fully funded by the Arvind Kejriwal government.. CEA Arvind Subramanian hints at lesser slabs under GST. Indian Railways reports four accidents in less than 12 hours. Drug pricing regulator asks Fortis for copies of bills for allegedly overcharging Gurugram patient. SampP refuses to upgrade India retains BBB rating. Chandigarh does Singapore Puts a cap on number of vehicles that can be sold Road tax 50 of car price.. Chinas double offer is opportune India should consider Chinese twin offers on BRI route and border dispute since they address its military and strategic concerns. Why SampP retained India ratings at BBB: [deleted]. SampP maintains India ratings at BBB says outlook stable: [deleted]. SampP maintains India ratings at BBB says outlook stable. Three economists went around India asking do you call yourself middle class. Government Said It Would Share Rafale Price Details. It Cant. [NP] Delhi Metro lost 3 lakh commuters a day after the fare hike on October 10. IBC code Indias new insolvency ordinance Blunt unforgiving and political. New Income Tax Law May Focus on Salaried Class Says Member of New Panel. biometric attendance system Aadhaarbased biometric attendance system for rail employees by January 31. Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd Bid to speed up major highway projects in Northeast. Parliament To Discuss Private Members Bill That Seeks To Legalise Marijuana In Winter Session. Indian Railways Railways plan could electrify the Street too. President clears stricter version of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. Russias choppers made in India may be exported. Shapoorji Pallonji Groups Rs 25000 cr investment in infra projects to create 1L jobs. Gratuitous loadshedding is not acceptable R.K. Singh. cheque book Not withdrawing bank cheque book facility Ministry of Finance. India bars defaulting company owners from bidding to buy back assets. With the right moves Indias renewables push could lift thousands of rural workers out of poverty. Government to restrict terms like fresh natural original in food ads. EPFO subscribers will get benefit of equity investments from FY19. Goldman sees Indias FY19 GDP at 8 negative impact of GST to fade. Facebook other social media giants wont get net exclusivity Government Times of India. Finance ministry clarified that there is no Cen Gov proposal to withdraw cheque facilities: [deleted]. Modi govt uses Big Data AI to track deregistered firms. India imports filthiest fuel offers tax advantage. The new tax regime incentivizes the use of pet coke or petroleum coke which is a refinery byproduct as it is taxed at 18 percent much lower than alternate cleaner fuels such as natural gas. Wont allow any monopoly over internet will ensure digital inclusion Ravi Shankar Prasad. Will blue economy make India great again. Delhi government issues 117point checklist to schools on student safety. Light Nahi Hai Theres No Electricity A true Digital India Story: A few days ago out of the blue my dad decided to transfer part ownership of our family house to us kids. He called us back to our hometown a tier 2 city in Rajasthan for this reason. We went to the registrars office in the morning for the deed transfer. The place was in a complete disarray. Spartan would be too generous a word to describe the state of the office. The furniture seemed to be from the 60s. Basic necessities such as a water cooler were missing. I felt really bad for the folks working there one of whom was an IAS officer. Despite this they did have a computer with a webcam a fingerprint scanner and a highend Epson printer. Everything is now digitised said one of the babus proudly. We got in line and had to wait for about half an hour for our turn these guys were really efficient. Just as our turn was about to come the power went out. Seeing as how everything is now digitised and nothing is being done on paper anymore one would assume that there would be some sort of power backup or a diesel generator at the office. Nope A big nope. We along with everyone else in the line were asked to wait till the power came back. We had to wait for 2 hours before that happened. I am a strong proponent of digitisation. But this seemed to be really poorly thought out. Does no one in the government think of mitigating the effects disruptions such as power cuts would have in an office where all work is done on computers We were lucky the power cut lasted for only 2 hours. What if it had been an allday power failure Seriously our policymakers seem to be really oblivious to the ground realities or they simply dont care. At least the government employees we were dealing with were polite and friendly. They did everything they could to ensure we were comfortable while we waited.. 10 global road deaths happen in India govt yet to take it as priority. 10 global road deaths happen in India govt yet to take it as priority: [deleted]. Modis next big reform Can India have a flat income tax rate Here are 3 shining examples. Income Tax Act Narendra Modi government has this big agenda on mind. Shifting to electric vehicles could save India upto Rs 20L crore: [deleted]. The other side of GST story How removal of ITC is affecting restaurants. New Toilets In Indian Trains No Better Than Septic Tanks IIT Study. To understand the Micro level impact of GST on Indian Economy Read this Quarterly Report. Kerala The next startup hub. Ordinance to change insolvency and bankruptcy laws cleared focuses on stressed assets. New toilets in Indian trains no better than septic tanks reveals IIT study. EPFO relaxes norms for pensioners to file life certificates. Children Are Hungrier In Modis India Than In Kims North Korea. India pares back planned funding for crucial public health scheme. Mumbai Railway Commissioner clears Elphinstone bridge file only 14 days after the stampede. Karnataka set to make Aadhaar a must. Aadhaar or else In Jharkhand ABBA was first made compulsory for PDS users in Ranchi district in August 2016. By June 2017 it was mandatory in about 80 per cent of the ration shops across the state. This meant of course that Aadhaar itself was compulsory no Aadhaar no food.. Govts vision to link 1 billion Aadhaar with 1 billion bank accounts mobiles each. The current BJPled govt. has been pushing for the Aadhaar card to be mandatory amp linked to everything including the pan card bank account mobile phones drivers license amp even for children admission into schools.. NRIs Dont Need To Link Aadhaar With Bank Accounts Says UIDAI. Now Aadhaar made must for pension plan. The finance ministry asks Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana subscribers to furnish proof of possession of Aadhaar number or undergo Aadhaar authentication by 31 December. Chennai Corporation to link Aadhaar with civic services. Data on birth death certificates property tax building permissions and trade licence to be integrated. [Mumbai] Biometrics to ensure hawking licences arent traded BMC chief. Life certificate saga Digital India fails Veterans and senior citizen. How Brexit impacts India. Smogchoked India is giving the filthiest fuel a tax advantage. Govts electric vehicle campaign can create 300 billion domestic battery market NITI Aayog NITI Aayog also bats for a socalled feebate policy to support the auto sectors transition to the mass production of electric vehicles. Must grow at 9 percent for 20 years to reach Chinas GDP Uday Kotak Kotak Mahindra Bank. The simple economics of clean air. Volume relief for Gujarat Pipavav Port. Revealed How Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana is being used to rob the poor in Madhya Pradesh India News. Modi govt plans to target barefoot entrepreneurs to boost job creation. Kerala The next startup hub: [deleted]. Kerala The next startup hub: [deleted]. Aadhaar a double whammy for the disabled. India can return to 8.5 growth rate Arvind Subramanian. India hosting Global Entrepreneurship Summit a testament to strong IndiaUS friendship Ivanka Trump: [deleted]. This may not concern us in India But it should for one day it might affect us. Join the fight Protect Net Neutrality Save the Internet: [This is what access to the internet could look like in the US]https//i.imgur.com/D6svbIf.png [Find out]https//np.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/7eamwt/youveexceededyourdailydanklimit/ how you can help. If youre not American [read up on this]https//np.reddit.com/r/MURICA/comments/7emvoz/nosteponinternet/dq65kj9/ Non US people can [sign this petition]https//www.savetheinternet.com/stihome https//www.battleforthenet.com/. 111 million Indian workers found as data rules change. Income Tax Government sets up a panel to draft new direct tax law. What the Moodys rating upgrade does not change for the Indian economy. Bill Gates to help UP in tackling encephalitis. 5 months on and still ZERO updates on GST refunds instead appeasing petty election states via tax slabs. Shameless Government just wants to sit on peoples money. Hopeless and massive failure.. 51st Transfer for Ashok Khemka Still Chooses to be Upright. GST news roundup:  [India International Trade Fair From Turkey to Afghanistan sellers say GST hitting business we wont return]http//indianexpress.com/article/cities/delhi/indiainternationaltradefairfromturkeytoafghanistansellerssaygsthittingbusinesswewontreturn4948704/ [Banks insurers and telcos cite lack of rules watch step on profiteering]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/banksinsurersandtelcoscitelackofruleswatchsteponprofiteering/articleshow/61745912.cms [Realtors protest against GST on property]http//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/chennai/realtorsprotestagainstgstonproperty/article20629649.ece [Govt. wants to avoid debate on graft GST]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/govtwantstoavoiddebateongraftgst/article20628699.ece [Will decide on bringing petrol under GST after weighing revenue impact MP minister]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/KaaPijBiwPbDiJpoDTWwrJ/WilldecideonbringingpetrolunderGSTafterweighingreve.html [GST Notes Ban Lowered Cities Real Estate Ranking Says Report]https//www.ndtv.com/business/gstnotesbanloweredcitiesrealestaterankingsaysreport1777860 . Tejas and beyond How short the IAF is of fighters what options it has now. Banking the unbanked the Indian revolution. Modis India the high cost of protecting holy cows Laws backed by the ruling Hindu nationalists are wreaking havoc for farmers in the meat milk and leather markets: [deleted]. PSU banks line up to raise funds after recapitalisation plan Moodys rating upgrade. Out of 7000 targets of building toilets BMC have built only 1600 reveals RTI query. What the Moodys rating upgrade does not change for the Indian economy. 73 of Keralas water sources polluted Survey. Found 111 Million India Workers As Data Rules Change. Aadhaarlinked seamless air travel from next year. GST tax returns filed increase as compliance rises tax mopup jumps. Opinion Why Indias manufacturing cos lag behind global peers India continues to lag in making investments in RampD and innovation. The speed at which readiness for Industry 4.0 needs to happen and is happening globally is very slowpaced in India. The Rafale Deal Addressing Four Common Misconceptions and One Flawed Argument: Seeing how the supposed Rafale scam has become a subject of repeated discussion here and is also being bandied about on popular blogs like [The Logical Indian]https//thelogicalindian.com/news/rafalejetpurchasedealallyouneedknow/ and [The Wire]https//thewire.in/197682/rafalefighterjetdealreliancebjpmodi/ I thought it would be useful to clear some misunderstandings surrounding it. THE FOUR COMMON MISCONCEPTIONS Misconception 1 The Rafale deal signed by the Modi government represents the conclusion of the Medium MultiRole Combat Aircraft MMRCA saga. No the two are entirely separate although one is an outcome of the failure of the other. The MMRCA tender [was scrapped in 2015]http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/economy/policy/govtwithdrawstenderfor126mediummultirolecombataircraftmanoharparrikar/article7481721.ece for two main reasons One a [change in circumstances]https//swarajyamag.com/defence/everythingyouwantedtoknowabouttherafaledealbutdidntknowwheretoask had made the Eurofighter Consortium the lowest bidder in place of Dassault. Two talks with Dassault had reached a deadlock. Any continuation of negotiations would have been in violation of the Defence Procurement Procedure DPP and there was no time for another round of lengthy discussions with a different manufacturer. And unlike the MMRCA tender wherein India dealt with individual aircraft manufacturers Boeing Lockheed Dassault etc. the current agreement has been executed directly with the French government. Misconception 2 The UPA government had negotiated a price of 54000 crore for 126 Rafales including transfer of technology ToT whereas the current dispensation agreed to 58000 crore for just 36 airframes that too without ToT. The UPA government did not negotiate a final agreement for the Rafale. 54000 crore was the initial bid that Dassault submitted in 2007 in compliance with the mandatory requirements of the Request for Proposal RFP. This pricing excluded a bunch of items that were to be negotiated after the bid was opened. After the Ministry of Defence MoD declared Dassault the lowest cost bidder the two parties commenced protracted negotiations for ToT offsets liability clauses maintenance obligations and so on. Owing to Defence Minsiter A.K. Antonys overcautiousness and overarching desire to avoid even the smallest appearance of impropriety these negotiations [reached a stalemate]https//swarajyamag.com/defence/everythingyouwantedtoknowabouttherafaledealbutdidntknowwheretoask by early 2014. In the meantime the price had shot up from the initially estimated [42000 crore] http//www.pib.nic.in/newsite/erelcontent.aspxrelid30522 [10.4 billion]https//www.pressreader.com/india/thetimesofindianewdelhiedition/20070630/281938833503175 in then US dollars to approximately 180000 crore about 30 billion [[1]http//www.dnaindia.com/india/reportdnaexclusive100priceescalationonrafalefighteraircrafttors175lakhcrorelikelytodentiafsstrikecapability1957107 [2]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/indianearsdealforfrenchrafalefighterjetsdefenceministry/article6654976.ece]. Regardless there was no money in the 2014 defence budget to conclude the contract. A.K. Antony [specifically stated in Feb 2014]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/bk6lAYoXNaPZASsyzoxaoM/Indialikelytosign20bnfighterjetdealonlyundernext.html that negotiations on lifecycle costs are continuing and that the government would have to wait for the next financial year [i.e. April 2015] to finalise it. And finally Dassauts initial bid only included the price of the initial 18 aircraft licensing fees and the supply of parts required to assemble the remaining 108 in India. It excluded weapons maintenance and the costs HAL would incur for local assembly. The price that the Modi government negotiated is far more comprehensive it includes 36 fullyassembled Rafales [as well as]http//www.rediff.com/news/report/howindiagottherafaleatalowerprice/20160921.htm personnel training munitions Indiaspecific subsystems supporting infrastructure and a fiveyear service agreement. So it appears much more expensive per plane. Misconception 3 Local manufacture at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited HAL would have significantly reduced program costs. Local manufacture isnt always less expensive although there may be benefits in terms of technology acquisition. Because HAL is not as productive as Dassault it would have required a greater number of manhours to assemble one Rafale than Dassault would have. Owing to the higher labour input a madeinIndia Rafale would have cost [68 crore]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/airforce16yearwaitoverrafalejetdealdone3046803/ more than one built in France. The effort would also have required additional funding for machinery imports and personnel training. That would have increased overall costs even further. Misconception 4 The government bypassed HAL an experienced aerospace manufacturer and [gave the deal] https//scroll.in/latest/858404/rafaledealyourbossissilencingyourahulgandhitellsdefenceministernirmalasitharaman to Reliance Defence Limited RDL instead. The only company the government gave the deal to was Dassault. HAL had to be bypassed because the idea of local manufacture was entirely dropped. RDLs involvement in this story is only tangential. People often assume that just because Anil Ambani signed a joint venture with Dassault his company is going to build Rafales in India. The reality is that there was an [offset clause]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/rafaledealcomeswith50percentoffsetclause/articleshow/54487326.cms in the Rafale contract and Dassault decided to tie up with Reliance to execute it. The company has no plans of building anything related to the Rafale. It will manufacture [parts for a civilian aircraft]http//www.livemint.com/Industry/jMKgGesur4LEVG0FS8kGcI/RelianceDassaultformjointventurefordefencemanufactur.html and become a part of Dassaults global supply chain. In the process it is expected to build its aerospace manufacturing chops that might be leveraged towards future projects. AND THE ONE FLAWED ARGUMENT The quick resolution of this episode stands out as an example of speedy efficient decision making by the Modi government. This is a major shot in the arm for the Air Force in particular and national security in general. The absence of corruption/impropriety is no indicator of a favourable outcome. My arguments against the deal centre around three separate concerns. One the unsaid assumption that merely increasing fleet size increases combat strength. The Indian Air Force IAF is right in wanting to retain/enhance its combat power. But it does not seem to think beyond fighter numbers for doing so. It has a sanctioned strength of 42 fighter squadrons and is pursuing that figure without a thought to how capabilities have evolved over the last few decades. With the advent of longrange integrated air defences hardtointercept cruise missiles precisionguided missiles/bombs UAVs and improved [C4ISR]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commandandcontrol technologies does the IAF still need 42 fighter squadrons in order to tackle our adversaries If boosting fleet size is indeed the answer then 36 is clearly too small a number to have a pronounced effect on the Air Forces combat power. This leads one to question whether the money would have been better spent on other alternatives. Alternatives such as purchasing more Su30MKIs or increasing the serviceability of the existing fleet it had [reached a low of just 48]http//ajaishukla.blogspot.com/2014/10/governmenttakesnoteofsu30mkispoor.html in 2013 or perhaps investing in the local manufacture of less expensive singleengine fighters Two this acquisition is only going to exacerbate the IAFs logistical nightmare. It already fields six different fighter types MiG21 MiG29 Jaguar Mirage2000 Su30MKI and Tejas from four different countries Russia Britain France and India. By adding one more type to the mix in addition to committing funds to three other fighter programmes [SingleEngine Fighter]http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/lockheedmartinsaabinracetobuildsingleenginefightersforiafinindia/story6T6HcyV2K8BnEosfikAfiJ.html [AMCA]https//www.livefistdefence.com/2017/02/exclusiveindias5thgenamcatargets2030.html and [FGFA]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sukhoi/HALFGFA it is squandering its meagre defence budget on piecemeal initiatives rather than pursing a more rationalised force structure. Three the focus on the Rafale is going to draw the IAF and MoDs attention and budget away from the less sexy yet equally important components of Indias air power. For instance the acquisition of force multipliers like [aerial refuelers]https//www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/newdelhibacksdownfroma330mrttdeal428096/ and Airborne Early Warning and Control [AEWampC] http//www.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/procurementdelaysleaveiafwithonly3awacsaspafracesahead1171003005481.html platforms isnt being pursued as aggressively as it should be. Base infrastructure in some sectors is not up to the task of housing advanced equipment. Just this year an audit report [revealed]http//www.cag.gov.in/sites/default/files/auditreportfiles/ReportNo.24of2017ComplianceauditUnionGovernmentAirForceReportsofDefenceServices.pdf that the Akash batteries protecting IAF airfields were suffering high failure rates because of improper storage. The rounds require air temperature and humiditycontrolled warehouses but were kept in unconditioned sheds. The stock of precision guided munitions is pretty low. For years the Su30MKI our premier air dominance fighter [flew without]http//www.cag.gov.in/sites/default/files/auditreportfiles/UnionComplianceDefenceAirForceReport382015.pdf a good beyondvisualrange airtoair missile. It is only now with the induction of the [Astra missile]http//www.janes.com/article/73576/bdlbeginsinitialbuildofastramk1bvraam that this shortcoming is being addressed. The bottomline is there are glaring gaps in the IAFs capability and unless it [reprioritises its acquisition plans]https//www.livefistdefence.com/2017/05/iafbeginsbrutalrejigofpurchaseprioritiesexpectblood.html to get the best bang for its buck these gaps will continue to persist. Looking from the narrow perspective of the Rafale purchase alone the government appears to have done well in reaching a speedy conclusion but when you zoom out to the bigger picture its evident that it only reinforced bad practices. And so this act will go down as an example of hasty decisionmaking that created more problems than it solved. . Modi government eyes real esate sector may make Aadhaar linking with property mandatory. UP population 225 Million people Area 0.2million sq. kms. Brazil 209 Million people Area 8.5million sq. kms. 18 times larger area GDP 230 Billion 2.1 Trillion: [removed]. Tax department to warn restaurants to cut prices Pass on benefit of 5 GST to diners. State push to compile GST returns woes. GST must for parking services The Hindu. Why are condoms so unpopular in this country of 1.3 billion. Opinion Why Indias manufacturing cos lag behind global peers India continues to lag in making investments in RampD and innovation. The speed at which readiness for Industry 4.0 needs to happen and is happening globally is very slowpaced in India: [deleted]. Opinion Why Indias manufacturing cos lag behind global peers India continues to lag in making investments in RampD and innovation. The speed at which readiness for Industry 4.0 needs to happen and is happening globally is very slowpaced in India: [deleted]. The trials and tribulations of women of proving citizenship in Assam. India climbs 3 steps to 51 on IMD World Talent rankings: [deleted]. Railways To Rely On Artificial Intelligence To Prevent Signal Failures. CBEC letter to FMCG majors to reduce MRP is at best an appeal to corporate conscience. Desis in Trump administration:  Initially I was quite happy and proud to find American born desi officials in the Trump administration now I am aghast to see some of them doing devils work and undermining the future http//variety.com/2017/politics/news/fccnetneutralityajitpai41202620182/. Digital India Will we soon lose cheque books too. Net Neutrality and the future of Internet in India: So the FCC of the USA plans to completely scrap dismantle and repel rules that protect net neutrality and eventually net neutrality itself and currently I hate to say this but all hope looks bleak for the people fighting it. At this point Ajit Pai and all other government officials and representatives seem to have been either brought or are in bed with comcast and the likes who will benefit from such a disastrous anti consumer move. Now Lets say net neutrality has been eradicated in the United States of America What kind of effects would it have on the world Especially India Shouldnt we at least be prepared in advance say if someone tries to do the same thing in India Thoughts . [NP] [Rant] Indian government and its hypocrisy towards technology: Its 2017 the government is auctioning 5G spectrum while all telecom companies are working towards making LTE as cheap as peanuts. But is anyone actually applying the technology to some good use for public welfare Or are just stuck up with materializing technology into revenue and profits and moving on Or they would but the government isnt letting them What good is technology when all you are not given the freedom to innovate A relevant example is the ban on cab sharing via Ola Uber etc. in Delhi where one official is quoted as saying In principle we are in favour of cab sharing as it not only provides affordable commuting option to passengers but also reduces the number of vehicles on roads. However such operations dont come under the present legal framework as taxis are only allowed to be hired from one point to another and cannot pick and drop passengers In a city thats riddled with air pollution the government chose to ban cab sharing because of that Technology can do wonders. But our political parties prioritize in appearing in election campaigns via hologram projections instead. This lack of freedom to innovate forces us to rely on other countries. We buy helicopters fighter jets bullet trains from all over the world What are we making in Make in India More like Make India Chutiyaa. Tax laws should cater to the 90 who are compliant Arvind Subramanian. How India can get autonomous cars despite crazy drivers jaywalkers and cows. ISRO opens doors to private sector. Indias journey from Fragile Five to favoured investment destination. Government inches closer to divestment target. Moodys Glass half full Upgrade vindicates fundamentals but for economy to take off bold reform steps are needed. Beyond Padmavati row 5 things Alauddin Khilji did for the economy. India vs China War in the Himalayas. The Real Reason why Moodys gave India an Upgrade. 4 flyovers two underpasses and a Uturn on 12km stretch. Pikettys Botched Analysis of Inequality in India. GST Infosys to configure GST network for filing returns The Economic Times. State revenue takes a big hit after GST rollout Todays Paper The Hindu. Migration causing dip in Christian population. DISTURBING One of his batchmates 7 year old was in fortis hospital for 15 days for Dengue. Billed 18 lakhs including for 2700 gloves. She passed away at the end of it.. Indias population has gained a decade of life expectancy since 1990 says study. Study is first comprehensive analysis of health of Indias 1.34 billion citizens encompassing almost a fifth of worlds population.: [deleted]. With high fertility rate Bihar lags behind in family planning The total fertility rate is high in Bihar because the state faces challenges in terms of low use of contraceptives.. China and India climate change actions more than offset US Paris Agreement retreat: [deleted]. This City Just Got Indias First Electric Vehicle Charging Station. The electric vehicle charging station was launched at a petrol pump in Nagpur.: [deleted]. The good bad and the ugly of Moodys India rating upgrade. Pvt banks gave Rs 17600cr farm loans in excess RBI. The good bad and the ugly of Moodys India rating upgrade: [deleted]. Sugar prices Sugar production till November 15 up by 79 ISMA. Delhis longest tunnel Government invites bids for consultant for 4km tunnel from Dwarka Expressway. matlab machine vision training in jaipur. Egg prices 40 higher on tight supply. Despite Moodys upgrade India credit rating is still below 1990 level. View Heres tangible proof of minimum government maximum governance. Current Electrification status percent of Indian states. Ministry of Defence scraps 500 million Israeli missile deal wants DRDO to make in India. Project Hydraadhaar Making sense of all concerns regarding Aadhaar: Hello /r/India A lot of things have been happening with Aadhaar amp a bunch people are trying to figure it all out. So to help out Im starting project Hydraadhaar. Here is a crowdsourced document which can act as a onestopshop for all concerns about Aadhaar https//docs.google.com/document/d/1VgGfOBJCYNfRIClw6BeIzLXeYpdeacyE7hAJZLlqbj8/edituspsharing The concerns have been categorized Primers Authentication problems amp Exclusion Linking Problems Security concerns amp Data Leaks Privacy concerns Mass Surveillance Tool for Fraud Legal issues Debunking data propaganda Shady nexus between Private Players amp UIDAI This is a work in progress. So please feel free to add more resources to the document. DISCLAIMER This is NOT a balanced document. Its done specifically to highlight the concerns in one place. If you want to be proAadhaar make your own document. tldr Crowdsourced document to collect resources on various concerns about Aadhaar. Pliss help. EDIT Removed tinyurl. Over 200 government websites publicly displayed details of Aadhaar users says UIDAI. Technology is great but it alone wont solve all of Indias development problems. Govt. seeks 13000 crore surplus from RBI The Hindu. Govt looks to cut GST on white goods. India as one thriving economic zone ET Editorials. As South Asians gasp for breath governments sit on their hands. How to link aadhar with various financial instruments. Fear of Aadhaar data leaks keeps HIV positive people away from treatment centres. Swiss parliamentary panel okays auto info exchange with India. The pact will help provide a continuous access to details about alleged black money hoarders in onceallsecret Swiss banks.: [deleted]. Reengineering Bureaucracy in India To respond to the Indian governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action. Indias holdings of US govt securities jump to 145 bn in September. India moves up one notch to 126 in GDP per capita terms. Reengineering Bureaucracy in India To respond to the Indian governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. Reengineering Bureaucracy in India To respond to the Indian governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. Moodys India rating upgraded What Narendra Modi did right but Manmohan Singh couldnt. A perspective on the recent Moodys report.. Reengineering Bureaucracy in India To respond to the Indian governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. Watch what CMs of Himachal Pradesh Puducherry and Telangana have to say on Shri Nitin Gadkari. Automobile exporters under pressure as GST refund gets stuck. Ken Betwa river linking will hurt fishing economy in the region Dr Anish Andheria president of the Wildlife Conservation Trust.. Indias Highest Credit Rating in Decades Makes Modis Job Harder. Haj subsidy to be phased out next year. Upgrading the public education system. NHAI reforms has led to steep decline in highrisk projects CRISIL. Our healthcare system is not screwed as the US. Some examples where credit ratings agencies have been disproven and discredited time and time again: Should Indian government really be celebrating Here are some examples to think not 1.In November 1998 the day after the Japanese Government announced a largescale fiscal stimulus to its ailing economy Moodys Investors Service began the first of a series of downgradings of the Japanese Governments yendenominated bonds by taking the Aaa triple A rating away. The next major Moodys downgrade occurred on September 8 2000. Then in December 2001 Moodys further downgraded the Japan Governments yendenominated bond rating to Aa3 from Aa2. On May 31 2002 Moodys Investors Service cut Japans longterm credit rating by a further two grades to A2 or below that given to Botswana Chile and Hungary. In a statement at the time Moodys said that its decision reflects the conclusion that the Japanese governments current and anticipated economic policies will be insufficient to prevent continued deterioration in Japans domestic debt position Japans general government indebtedness however measured will approach levels unprecedented in the postwar era in the developed world and as such Japan will be entering uncharted territory. The then Japanese Finance Minister responded with some foresight Theyre doing it for business. Just because they do such things we wont change our policies The market doesnt seem to be paying attention. Indeed the Government continued to have no problems finding buyers for their debt which is all yendenominated and sold mainly to domestic investors. How could a country that receives foreign aid from Japan have a better rating than Japan itself Japan with an economy almost 1000 times the size of Botswanas has the worlds largest foreign reserves 446 billion the worlds largest domestic savings 11.4 trillion and about 1 trillion in overseas investments. And 95 percent of the debt is held by Japanese people In the New York Times[http//www.nytimes.com/2002/07/06/business/internationalbusinessjapanbattlesbondrating.html] the logic of the rating was questioned How could a country that receives foreign aid from Japan have a better rating than Japan itself Japan with an economy almost 1000 times the size of Botswanas has the worlds largest foreign reserves 446 billion the worlds largest domestic savings 11.4 trillion and about 1 trillion in overseas investments. And 95 percent of the debt is held by Japanese people Source http//bilbo.economicoutlook.net/blog/p6857 2. Comment by formers President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and former member of the Federal Open Market Committee Bob McTeer who is described as having freemarket views which gave the Dallas Fed its reputation during his tenure as The FreeEnterprise Fed Source. McTeer says It may just be me but arent the credit rating agencies supposed to be rating credit Yesterday we saw a sharp market reaction when one of the rating agencies that gave AAA ratings to mortgagebacked securities larded with subprime loans called into question the credit worthiness of Britain. As is the case with the United States and the Federal Reserve Britain and its Bank of England have the ability to create new money if necessary to pay off its debt at maturity. There is no sovereign credit risk. There is no need for credit rating agencies to opine on the credit worthiness of sovereign debt. Sovereign debt is subject to interest rate risk. When interest rates in general rise outstanding bonds sovereign and nonsovereign will decline in price the extent depending on how close they are to maturity. Sovereign debt is also subject to inflation risk. Holders of the debt are harmed if inflation outpaces their expectations when they purchased the debt. When Standard amp Poor questions British bonds they must be making a judgment about some risk other than credit risk. Given time investors will learn to take such questions with a grain of salt and not overreact. Meanwhile havent they done enough harm for this cycle Source http//bilbo.economicoutlook.net/blog/p6857 3. Bizarrely securities backed by mortgages sold to people without the income to service the debt they were taking on were being judged a better credit risk than the sovereign government of Japan with the ability in extremis both to raise taxes and print money to avoid a default. Source http//www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/jeremywarner/6786069/Creditratingagenciestheuntouchablekingsoffinance.html 4.Ratings agencies admit mistakes Credit rating agencies have admitted errors were made when assessing some of the financial instruments that have been blamed for the credit crunch. Representatives of the three main agencies Standard amp Poors Fitch Moodys were grilled by MPs on the Treasury Select Committee. They said that their assessment of securities backed by subprime mortgages turned out to be incorrect. But they said these instruments were not too complex to rate accurately. The assumption that we made about how these assets would perform in the future turned out to be incorrect said Ian Bell head of European structured finance at Standard amp Poors. Iceland role Credit agencies carry out work to determine the worthiness or otherwise of financial investments. They have been accused of failing to spot the size and risk of the bad US housing debt that was resold around the world causing multibillionpound losses. It was the discovery of these losses that caused the global credit markets to freeze up and ultimately led to governments around the world having to bail out their banking sectors. The ratings agencies said that credit ratings were just one factor that investors should look at when making investment decisions but admitted that less sophisticated investors may have been overreliant on their assessments. The committee also criticised the agencies for failing to warn their clients adequately of the problems faced by the Icelandic economy before its banks collapsed last year. Some 116 local councils deposited more than 858m in the failed banks because they offered a relatively high return with a high credit rating. Source http//news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/7856929.stm 5.Whos to Blame for the Economy Rating Agencies A good measure of who is responsible for getting us into this mess is looking at who got rich off of it. Bond ratings agencies certainly got their share of the take. Moodys Investors Service MCO saw its profits quadruple between 2000 and 2007 and had a higher profit margin than any other company in the SampP 500 for five straight years according to opening statements from Henry Waxman chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Investigations in a congressional hearing on the ratings agencies he held in October. Source https//www.thestreet.com/story/10471826/1/whostoblamefortheeconomyratingagencies.html 6. In the wake of the financial crisis of 20072010 the rating agencies came under criticism from investigators economists and journalists. The Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission FCIC[39] set up by the US Congress and President to investigate the causes of the crisis and publisher of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Report FCIR concluded that the failures of the Big Three rating agencies were essential cogs in the wheel of financial destruction and key enablers of the financial meltdown.[40] It went on to say The mortgagerelated securities at the heart of the crisis could not have been marketed and sold without their seal of approval. Investors relied on them often blindly. In some cases they were obligated to use them or regulatory capital standards were hinged on them. This crisis could not have happened without the rating agencies. Their ratings helped the market soar and their downgrades through 2007 and 2008 wreaked havoc across markets and firms. Source Final Report of the National Commission on the Causes of the Financial and Economic Crisis in the United States https//www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/GPOFCIC/pdf/GPOFCIC.pdf 7. Wikipedia page on Credit rating agencies and the subprime crisis https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CreditratingagenciesandthesubprimecrisisLegalactions 8. Moodys And Japan But think about the Moodys statement in relation to Japan. The logic and that is being kind goes like this 1. Economic growth is low in Japan and is pushing tax revenue down and welfare spending up hence the budget deficit rises. 2. Given the Japanese government doesnt exercise its legal right to spend without issuing debt to match the spending the rising budget deficit as a result of the cyclical downturn also means rising public debt. 3. Moodys asserts with no analytical or conceptual basis provided that these rising deficits are in some way a problem per se rather than being a reflection of the real problem slow growth. 4. So in their Pavlovian fashion they downgrade the credit rating presumably suggesting the Japanese government is a credit risk without acknowledging the Japanese government can never be an credit risk unless there is a collective brain explosion and the Government legislates to renege on its financial obligations. 5. They downgrade because the slow growth makes it more difficult to reduce the budget deficit without acknowledging that the budget deficit should increase to meet the challenge of slow growth. 6. But then you are left to ask two questions. First the Moodys logic would suggest they want to increase the borrowing costs of the Japanese government by reducing the demand for bonds because the lower rating is meant to scare investors which if you believed their type of reasoning would further negatively impact on economic growth. So what sort of logic is that Moodys if you had their model outlook is saying the Japanese economy is damaged because of the recession but we are going to make it worse and therefore worsen the problem of credit risk. 7. Second ofcourse neither their implicit notion that Japanese government debt carries a credit risk or that their ratings change anything anyway are valid. Note that a sign that government paper was not an attractive investment prospect might be rising yields as investors avoided demanding the paper. But Moodys acknowledges that there is an undiminished home bias of Japanese investors and their preference for government bonds which allows the governments fiscal deficits to be funded at the lowest nominal rates globally. So who would you bet on A corrupt capitalist firm that has made some monumental mistakes in the past while handing out AAA ratings to firms who were paying them to rate their products or millions of investors who every day purchase Japanese government debt at stable and the lowest yields The same investors who have been buying Japanese government debt while deficits have been rising and public debt ratios heading up beyond 200 per cent compared to the ridiculous Reinhardt Rogoff default threshold of 80 per cent for the last 20 years. Source http//bilbo.economicoutlook.net/blog/p15787 8. What mindless rule is being applied here The whole thing is mindless. To repeat the logic appears to be Cut deficits to keep the Aaa rating but that would undermine growth and push up the deficit and debt which undermines the Aaa rating. And the politicians and everyone else goes along with this nonsense. We really are not a very bright race of people. Source http//bilbo.economicoutlook.net/blog/p22809 . This is why Indian citizens need to lobby our government to ignore credit agencies and develop our own standards: First global ratings agencies such as Moodys and SampP are caught out selling ratings for money. http//www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/jeremywarner/6786069/Creditratingagenciestheuntouchablekingsoffinance.html And our government still panders to them. Then criticizes them while not doing one bit to challenge their power. https//in.reuters.com/article/indiaratingsmoodys/exclusivehowindialobbiedmoodysforratingsupgradebutfailedidINKBN14E09A Then celebrates an upgrade from the same corrupt agency that they earlier hated. Sounds like its time for citizens to act to push the government to challenge the power of these highly corrupt and harmful credit ratings agencies.. Indian expats in Saudi Arabia not affected by fees imposed on dependents ambassador says. The Red In That Green Once known for strong patent laws India is now yielding to pharma MNCs. For Gujarats farmers a triple whammy of troubles. India raises import tax on edible oils Government order. The Pillars That Hold Indias Democracy Up Are Falling Apart. GST antiprofiteering authority gets Cabinet nod It is real now and so are the fears of harassment. Moodys rating upgrade for India isnt the last word on anything. Next 1 billion UIDs accounts and mobiles Times of India. Pew Global Attitudes survey Indians happy with democracy but wont mind rule by experts or military. Time to outlaw the credit ratings agencies: Amongst all the buzz of Indias credit rating getting upgraded heres a reality check. There are any number of organisations and individuals who can be blamed for the credit crunch but right up there at the top of any league table of culprits along with the bankers creditdrunk consumers half asleep policy makers and incompetent regulators would have to be the credit rating agencies those shadowy creatures that sit in judgment over the trillions of dollars of debt that swirl around the worlds money markets. By assigning a topnotch tripleA rating to many of the products that emerged from the boom in structured finance the credit rating agencies played a pivotal role in fostering the mad dash into subprime mortgage lending which eventually triggered the worst banking crisis since the Great Depression. http//www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/comment/jeremywarner/6786069/Creditratingagenciestheuntouchablekingsoffinance.html Just gets to show you how ignorant people in government are.. Explainer Questions the Modi Government Needs to Answer on the Rafale Fighter Jet Purchase The Wire. Next big move by Modi Bank cheque facility may be withdrawn to push digital transactions says CAIT official. A senior functionary of industry body CAIT today said the Centre may withdraw the bank cheque book facility in the near future to encourage digital transactions.. Across India HIV positive people drop out of treatment programmes as centres insist on Aadhaar. While the government claims Aadhaar is not mandatory for accessing healthcare HIV patients across the country say they are being coerced into submitting it.. Farmers Lost Over Rs.2 Lakh Crore Due To Low Prices of Crops This Year. Moodys backs Modi upgrades Indias sovereign rating for first time in 14 years: [deleted]. Moodys India upgrade to bring cost of borrowing down for corporates government Madhusudan Kela. AntiProfiteering body will push companies to pass on GST benefits to consumers. Moodys upgrades Indias rating backs reforms like demonetisation GST. Exclusive How India lobbied Moodys for ratings upgrade but failed [Old Dec 25 2016]. Number of high risk PPP highway projects fall Crisil Ratings. Bankruptcy Code RBI gets ready to train its guns on 50 more stressed accounts. What is the KPME Amendment Bill and why are private doctors in Karnataka up in arms against it. Live Rupee Jumps 1 Sensex Surges 400 Points After Moodys Rating Upgrade. Moodys upgrades Indias sovereign rating to Baa2 with a stable outlook. Restaurants hike prices after GST cut but govt says it can do little Times of India. Benami Property Black Money Crackdown On asset above Rs 30 lakh heres how you can avoid trouble from IT dept. Moodys upgrades Indias sovereign rating to Baa2 with a Stable Outlook: [deleted]. Im extremely FRUSTRATED with the state of the country. Need advice on WHAT TO DO NEXT...pls help.. My biggest disappointment with India is the state of its education Bill Gates. UP Woman dies of starvation after ration shop insists on biometric fingerprint. Bill to Legalize Marijuana and Opium Cleared for Indian Parliament. Bengaluru Roads Killed 500 People in 2017 so Far People Demand Answers From Civic Authorities: [deleted]. Indian retail market expected to reach 1 trillion by 2020 Study. UBS still overweight on India positive on EM equities see FY18 GDP growth at 6.6. Indias improved ranking in the World Bank report reflects the governments good work. GST rate cut Cabinet clears antiprofiteering authority. All Public Services Offered By Delhi Govt Will Be Home Delivered Announces AAP Govt. Maharashtra Maha cops on the wrong side of law land Devendra Fadnavis in a fix. Indias Supreme Court Calls on Government to Regulate Bitcoin. Here is why restaurants prices have not come down by much even after GST reduction from 18 to 5: because they can no longer claim input tax credit. Earlier Cost Rs 50 18 tax Rs 59 Price Rs 100 18 tax Rs 118 Margin Rs 50 Net GST 18 9 Rs 9 Now Cost Rs 59 Keeping the same Rs 50 margin Price 59 50 i.e. 109 5 tax Rs 114.45 Net GST Rs 5.45 So even though the GST has gone down by 13 net reduction in price is just 3 in this case. That said some restaurants are obviously pocketing part of the benefits.. No complaints were received about the website of GST council via email and phone from July 1st to September 15th. Portal soon for security clearances in civil aviation sector. SC Notice To Centre On Plea To Regulate Crypto Currency Read Petition Live Law. GST relief for consumers These 178 items became cheaper from Nov 15. GST rate cut on restaurants High input tax credit claims by big eateries a major factor. BSVI fuels to be sold in Delhi from April 1 2018. Woman in Bareilly Reportedly Dies of Starvation After Husband Was Denied Ration The Wire. Bill to Hike Minimum Pay of H1B Visa Holders by 30000 Faces House Test: [deleted]. How safe are National Highways Star rating to tell. Decks cleared for first mega CEZ 45 companies may invest Rs 15kcrore in phaseI. Indian students in US dwarf Americas FDI in India spend whopping 6.54 bn: [deleted]. Today doctors from all over Karnataka are assembling at Freedom Park Bengaluru at 4 pm for a silent protest against KPMEA 2017 by Government of Karnataka: Edit Update at 2000 hours November 16 Representatives of doctors are meeting the CM of Karnataka and Health Minister of Karnataka at 1100 hours tomorrow i.e. November 17 Change of plans at 0900 hours Venue for silent protest IMA House Bengaluru All doctors from Bengaluru will be participating in this silent protest Address AV Road Chamrajpet Near Bangalore Medical College Nagondanahalli Bengaluru Karnataka 560018 Google Map [Click here]https//www.google.co.in/maps/place/IMA/12.917302377.585296812z/data4m81m22m11simabengaluru3m41s0x3bae0de733467e9b0xa64d82f255d85b508m23d12.9695774d77.7663068 Today doctors from all over Bengaluru are assembling at IMA House Bengaluru at 4 pm for a silent protest against Karnataka Private Medical Establishment Amendment Bill 2017 by Government of Karnataka Karnataka Private Medical Establishment Amendment Bill 2017 https//imgur.com/gallery/TjkU3 A common mans appeal against government Rajeeva Gowda https//youtu.be/JyLAIOwYGok News Article in Bangalore Mirror [NEW ACT WILL AFFECT THE PUBLIC ONLY]http//bangaloremirror.indiatimes.com/bangalore/others/newactwillaffectthepubliconly/articleshow/61635893.cms Why are private doctors opposing the KPMEA Amendment 2017 Act This could happen To private medical establishments and doctors Private medical establishments cannot sustain themselves financially Hafta raj will become rampant Doctors will have to spend most of their working hours in the court Risk of being imprisoned and fined by unfair trials Experienced doctors and state of the art hospitals leave Karnataka or retire Juniors in the profession face increasing litigations they too change the profession Students may not study MBBS To the public patients Society loses experienced doctors. In medical profession experience and learning improves quality of care Lose the neighbourhood nursing home which was convenient for patients and attendants that gave personalised service. Charges were negotiable. Could get all kinds of specialists in the neighbourhood Lose their friendly neighbourhood doctor who knows them and their family. He was not only a doctor but also a friend counsellor and guide. Lose the awareness and detection camps conducted by the private hospitals which offered concession also diseases will be detected at advanced stages Have to go to the neighbouring states for treatment healthcare becomes difficult inaccessible and expensive Doctors refuse to treat critical cases because of fear of litigations lives may be lost Forced to go to government hospitals Face long waiting list lack of appropriate equipment and specialists Since corporate hospitals close patients will be denied of advanced medical treatment in Karnataka Doctorpatient relationship Spoils completely encourages patients to treat doctors as enemies Forces doctors to treat patients with suspicion Faith and belief which heal many diseases will not do magic any more Doctors try to defend themselves with more investigations expensive for patients and delay treatment Doctors may not treat any serious cases Why price capping is illogical Pricing depends on so many factors like qualification experience expertise facilities location of practice reputation procedures duration of stay complications that develop cost of medicines etc A doctor has to spend 5 years in training to treat a patient. Another 23 years to become a specialist. Another 23 years to become a super specialist. Work for days together continuously in hospital. Forget personal interests. Lose family life. It is only in 30s he starts earning a decent amount. When a TV mechanic earns Rs 300 on a visit even if he has to change a fuse how fair is the government to cap the doctors with say Rs 150 for a consultation in Bangalore Why does the government invite investors in health care fully knowing that they have a profit motive If a similar act is applied to all other professions A plate of idli and vada at road side vendors Indira canteens Darshinis restaurants and 7star hotels should cost the same A fresh advocate in magistrate court should be paid as much as Mr Nariman in high court An experienced chartered accountant will be paid similar to a fresh B Com graduate Autos and taxis should charge the same rates as BMTC and KSRTC bus fares Why not district redressal committee in its present form A doctor may be judged by people who do not know the complexities involved in treating a particular case. It is like asking a musician to decide on life and death changing situation of a patient on a ventilator There are already 7 agencies helping patients to listen and provide justice to them It does not have any structure of further appealing by doctors What if a petitioner gets 10 lakhs from district redressal committee and files a case in civil court also Doctor is denied an advocates help in financial claims. Even Kasab was allowed to get his own advocate. This is denial of justice and discriminatory Performance of Karnataka State Government in public health care Budget allocated to health care has dropped from 1.46 to 1 25 of health care money is lost in corruption at various levels 40 of government health care is under utilised Babies dying within 1 year of birth and mothers dying during delivery is the worst in South India Number of doctors per population is worst in Karnataka 70 80 health care is provided by private doctors and hospitals Why do we demand inclusion of government hospitals in the act Above statistics prove that it is the government health department which is performing badly and not the private health care It is the government health care machinery which needs treatment urgently It is the tax payers money which is swallowed at all levels Government has to make it attractive for doctors to work in their hospitals by providing suitable working conditions facilities for family and children and proper remuneration According to the supreme court it is the responsibility of the state to provide health care to its citizens It violates fundamental rights of private doctors FINALLY The government knows that it does not stand in the court of law even for 15 minutes. But why is it planning to implement Because it believes that the act brings more votes. Does it care if the doctor patient relationship is damaged permanently Does it care if citizens are denied of right to health and desire to live Does it care if hospitals get closed and their employees lose jobs Does it care if the patients have to travel to Hosur for treatment Does it care if the patient dies on the way to Hosur Does it care if the patients have to spend more on investigations which defend the plan of treatment SAY NO To Karnataka Private Medical Establishment Act Amendment 2017 SUPPORT PRIVATE DOCTORS TO BE SUPPORTED Please forward this to all media contacts and non Medico groups. Now government to start mapping your address digitally. How to make GSTN an engine for job growth.. Punjab AAP rakes up river water dispute demands royalties. Aadhaar needs a privacy law. GST rate cut Heres what may get cheaper from tomorrow. Wholesale inflation surges to 6month high Times of India. [GST] State of affairs for Indian Freelancers Bloggers and other Service Exporters who get paid through PayPal Payoneer etc: GST is a neverending topic of discussion thanks to the seemingly simple but practically a very complex law. Can someone doing freelancing especially those with above 20 lacs turnover confirm how they are handling GST these days if at all they have registered. 5 GST at restaurants from today Why your food bill may still not change. Indias economy is a house under renovation it will be dirty uncomfortable for a while Neelkanth Mishra. Delhi Pollution Centre Advances Implementation of BSVI Norms For Car Fuel to April 2018 Instead of 2020. TIL Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill2017 presented by the govt. has a clause of BailIn with an option for banks to simply refuses repayment of a depositors money or instead issues securities such as preference shares to compensate such deposits.: The [new legislation]http//www.prsindia.org/uploads/media/Financial20Resolution20Bill202017/Legislative20Brief20Financial20Resolution20Bill202017.pdf in case of a critical failure in a too big to fail institution like banks arms resolution corporation to go for BailIn. gtbailin whose purpose is to provide capital to absorb the losses of a bank and ensure its survival. Here survival does not mean safety of depositors money but restoration of capital of the bank. The bailin empowers the proposed Resolution Corporation to cancel a liability owed by the bank or change the form of an existing liability to another security. gtMoney in a savings or fixed deposit account is a liability owed by the bank to its customer. Since the customer has not taken any security from the bank when handing over his money legally the customer is an unsecured creditor of the bank. With a bailin the bank simply refuses repayment of a customers money or instead issues securities such as preference shares with no guarantee of fixed dividends to a customer. This is in lieu of his deposits which are then used for recapitalisation of the bank. gtThe only money owed to depositors that cannot be bailedin is the amount covered by deposit insurance. The Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation Act 1961 which has been repealed by the cabinet. The FRDI Bill further empowers the Resolution Corporation to decide the amount insured for each depositor. Thus it is possible that the insured amounts will not only vary for customers in different banks but may also be different for different customers of the same bank. Source http//www.thehindu.com/opinion/oped/bankingonlegislation/article20005363.ece. Indias GDP projected to grow at 6.2 in FY18 real agriculture GVA would grow at 3 percent Study. Economically weak in Keralas forward communities to get job quota says govt. Why North Indias Air Wont Get Clean. GST aftershock creates widening twospeed economy in India. Fear of revenue loss abates as GST collections gain momentum. Indias trade deficit hits 35month high as exports decline 1.1 in October. Exporters are struggling with a liquidity crunch because of delayed GST refunds leading to the highest trade deficit in 35 months. AntiProfiteering guidelines under GST likely by next month. Eateries to levy 5 GST from today restaurant bills likely to come down. Delhi govt wants neighbouring states of National Capital Region to implement oddeven rule. Fact File Data Show OddEven Scheme Not Enough To Resolve Delhis Pollution Woes. In both the phases when oddeven scheme was implemented in Delhi in 2016 PM 2.5 levels did not see any decrease.. Still being charged 18 what can be done. Pollution a national issue. Now even the fingerprints of urban Indians are failing during Aadhaar authentication. WHY ARE PRIVATE DOCTORS OPPOSING THE KPMEA AMENDMENT 2017 ACT as told by a Doctor in Bangalore. GST aftershock creates widening twospeed economy in India. GST has driven a wedge between firms that have adapted to the new levies and a vast swathe of small businesses representing almost half the Indian economy that are struggling: [deleted]. While Delhi suffocated Centre sat on industrial emission norms drafted in 2014. Yashwant bats for quota in private jobs. India needs a federal green agency It should oversee interstate environmental challenges such as clean air. Black money IT officials taking a hard look at property deals. GST Council to take up moderation of rates for handicrafts handloom. Indias wholesale price inflation rises to 3.59 per cent. Indias Trade Deficit Near ThreeYear High As Exports Fall. Indias trade deficit hits 35month high as exports decline 1.1 in October. IT spending in India to hit 87.1 billion in 2018. Repost Why do we have to link credit cards to Aadhaar when they already have extensive KYC and PAN number The government doesnt give subsidies with credit card. What kind of Orwellian hell is this: [deleted]. Indias Famed Penchant For Jugaad Is Partly To Blame For Delhis Toxic Smog. Indian Economy India to overtake Japan to become third largest economy by 2028 Report. AAP LIP stage protest on river water issue. Reverse growth Demonetisation and GST have pushed back Kanpur the second largest city in Uttar Pradesh and a leather industry centre by ten years. Those speaking of a single rate GST have no understanding of tariff structure says Arun Jaitley. Rural engine powers Aadhaarenabled pay. Chief Justice of India Stop Mandatory Aadhaar for services [old] online petition created on 31 March 2017. Filthy air is no cause for alarm says Indias environment minister. Says current pollution in Delhi is much better than 1984 Bhopal gas leak that killed 25000. SBI asked me to update account with Aadhar details: So I forwarded the email to report.phishingsbi.co.in because the email footer said Disclaimer State Bank never sends emails and embedded links asking you to update or verify confidential personal and security details. If you receive such emails/phone calls/SMS NEVER RESPOND to them and report such matter to the bank at report.phishingsbi.co.in This isnt seeding. Its phishing \/ . Delhi smog What authorities promised and what they delivered. UIDAI eases norms on enrolment centres after bankers opposition. UIDAI allows banks to outsource enrolment to thirdparty agencies provided enrolment happens inside bank premise under the supervision of designated bank employees.. IMA alleges discrimination against doctors Why only doctors subjected to compulsory rural service. UMANG app Avail 100 government services using this mobile app. Good Simple Tax and Common man Cartoon by The Hindu. Why do we have to link credit cards to Aadhaar when they already have extensive KYC and PAN number The government doesnt give subsidies with credit card. What kind of Orwellian hell is this [P]. Set up urine banks produce urea Nitin Gadkari. India to overtake Japan to become third largest economy by 2028 Report Times of India. Pollution Is So Bad in India Its Causing Car Crashes. Bus karo Delhi govt will hire 500 buses for oddeven hasnt bought one since 2010. Karan Thapars Interview with Sitaram Yechury on Demonisation.. Dont You Dare Andhra Officer Shouted On Camera. Then Tragedy 21 Dead. GST news roundup:  [GST reboot Will India miss its fiscal deficit target]http//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/gstrebootwillindiamissitsfiscaldeficittarget2437299.html [Read why government slashed GST rates and why more cuts are in the pipeline]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/readwhygovernmentslashedgstratesandwhymorecutsareinthepipeline/articleshow/61625426.cms [Govt cut GST rates to avoid drubbing in Guj polls claims Sena]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/govtcutgstratestoavoiddrubbingingujpollsclaimssena/articleshow/61625159.cms [GST is against the federal spirit says former judge]http//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Visakhapatnam/gstisagainstthefederalspiritsaysformerjudge/article20377786.ece [GST Plunges UPs Saharanpur Wood Carving Craft in New Crisis]https//thewire.in/196411/gstplungesupssaharanpurwoodcarvingcraftnewcrisis/ [Improve GST filing services Gujarat traders]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/improvegstfilingservicesgujarattraders/articleshow/61620739.cms [Traders Body Threatens Infosys With Legal Action Over GST Portal Glitches]https//www.ndtv.com/business/tradersbodythreatensinfosyswithlegalactionovergstportalglitches1774494 [Modi directed changes in GST after he came to know of practical difficulties Rajnath Singh]http//www.moneycontrol.com/news/politics/modidirectedchangesingstafterhecametoknowofpracticaldifficultiesrajnathsingh2436417.html. [Old]Misuse of Section 377 sees arrest of 100 people in Delhi. Kharar Punjab Total ban on polythene bags. Kharar Punjab Total ban on polythene bags: [deleted]. Credit Card Debit Cards and ATMs will be Useless within 4 years Policy Commission CEO.. A year into demonetisation big data new weapon in fight against black money. No question of scrapping discussion on spectrum auction TRAI. India needs a federal green agency. Real Estate Hit By PM Modis Shock Therapy In Deep Crisis. Indias Drive for Internationalization Special education zones in different regionswill help India not only attract international students but perhaps curb the outflow of Indian students.. Only Made in India equipment for BharatNet Govt. AirAsia offers Domestic Flight Tickets for Rs 99 and International for Rs 444. Prakash Javadekar counters unemployment claim One crore PF accounts opened in one year. GST clears a hurdle but tougher challenges await. Onion export jumped 56 in AprilJuly but India is now importing them. Why ABBA must go on Aadhaar. Aadhaar Card Linking Things To Do By December 31 And February 6. Why ABBA must go on Aadhaar The Hindu. BharatNet project Govt to start Rs 34000 cr final phase today 1.5 lakh gram panchayats to be connected by 2019. Why ABBA must go Aadhaarbased Biometric Authentication does nothing in the battle against graft there are better alternatives. Armed forces say no to advanced versions of indigenous Tejas Arjun. BharatNet Government plans Rs 3.6kcrore subsidy to telcos for BharatNet. Debit credit cards ATMs will be redundant in 4 years Niti CEO Amitabh Kant. 55 new airports needed by 2030 as traffic grows. Aadhaarbased biometric attendance system for rail employees by January 31. A GST good and simple. Not to pursue Islamic banking in India says RBI. Appropriate.: [deleted]. My anecdotal evidence for farm stubble burning being a main cause for pollution in Delhi: On Saturday I travelled from Delhi to a city in Punjab. The route took me past smaller towns and villages. There was smog everywhere including open fields and villages. Nearly all the fields I saw had burnt stalks. If pollution in Delhi was caused by vehicular and industrial sources how would this explain these rural areas being blanketed by thick smog too . How One Family Is Roiling Indias Phone Industry Bloomberg. Long wait for truckers at state borders in spite of GST rollout Times of India. Can addhar biometric be recorded See details: i mean when Porting my sim the guy with his mini fingerprint scanner scans our any finger. Can he keep that as a record using some shady tools or apps for later user like opening other accounts etc. i know theres biometric lock but then not everyone can lock it. So if this can happen does that mean anybody can take a copy of record of fingerprint have addhar no. which is easy and get to have open anything on our name what do you guys think. Honest Middle Class98.6 vs Shady Billionaires61.5 NPA ratios: [deleted]. More GST nightmares now GSTR1 extended to 31st Dec GSTR2 and GSTR3 temporarily suspended. Input Tax Credit and refunds on delayed till atleast March 2018: This was just decided in the 23rd GST Council meet For tax payers below 1.5cr for the JulySep Period the last date for GSTR1 is 31st Dec 2017. In a major shock the GSTR 2 process has been put on indefinite hold this virtually putting GSTR 3 on hold too. gt The time period for filing GSTR2 and GSTR3 for the months of July 2017 to March 2018 would be worked out by a Committee of Officers. However filing of GSTR1 will continue for the entire period without requiring filing of GSTR2 amp GSTR3 for the previous month / period. What this means is that there is no timeline for claiming the all important ITC and export and reverse charge refunds at all. Your refunds may get delayed till atleast Feb some experts say even May or June 2018 is when you can expect refunds for these months ie JulySeptember What this shameless government wants to say is this We want the tax payers money without fail but we make no good on our promises for ITC claims and refunds of export and reverse charge. How is this government just continues to play with the people and the economy GSTR 2 and 3 were important for matching invoices and getting refunds but all those seem to be a distant dream now. Mind you even the July process for GSTR 2 has not been complete. Most people have no clue how to operate the GSTN. In small cities many GST experts have sprouted up claiming to file GST and charge exorbitant amounts for just consultations. For August and September the GSTR 3B filing rate has dropped to 37.63 and 38.38. Basically only 1 out of 3 tax payer is even able to file the GSTR 3B which is the simplest of all the returns. Yet the government just cannot apologise for this huge blunder. It keeps saying shit like its for the long term you will see GDP rise next quarter etc. Just how While all the time changing the tax slabs which should have been decided a long time ago. And wtf is with this GST Council touring all over the country They are utterly incapable of implementing such a big reform but are instead visiting every city and holding these council meets at the expense of the taxpayers money for what. Such a shame This has to be the worst reform attempted by any government since independence. This even beats DeMo which itself was a tear shed moment for the whole economy. Publications Gov Newsletter released yesterday]http//pib.nic.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid173403 Business Line on why compliance is low.[http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/opinion/whycomplianceislowingst/article9951509.ece]. OddEven Rule No Exemption For Bikes Scooters Women As Delhi Air Pollution Crosses Danger Mark NDTV CarAndBike: [deleted]. Delhi government bails out bankrupt east MCD. United suspends flights to smogfilled Delhi. The Newshour Debate Should Political Parties Too Be Brought Under The Ambit Of RTI ADR India Nov2016. AntiAadhaar activists urge citizens to switch off their mobile phones for 30 minutes on Saturday: [deleted]. [Policy] Updated GST Taxbles Items with percentages in Sheet format: I tried to compile list of GST Taxable Items updated with Fridays changes as announced. The only reason to have is to avoid getting conned by a salesman/shopkeeper etc.. Source [Indian Express]http//indianexpress.com/article/business/economy/fulllistof177itemswithupdatedgsttaxrateat18percentarunjaitley4931758/ Link to Excel https//docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Nyg8ECOjWtUPFWnRnBRkTLZ47NIWm7s4rvpBVUrchU/editgid1007829085 If anyone wants to volunteer to update be my guest. . Andhra Pradesh staffers to compensate for failing to deliver service Times of India. Delhi government calls off oddeven car rationing scheme. No half measures Tough solutions for tough problems CSE recommends priority actions to tackle air pollution in Delhi. UN expert finds holes in PM Narendra Modis Swachh Bharat Mission gets panned. Pollution Kills 3 Times More than AIDS TB And Malaria Combined Exposure to polluted air water and soil caused nine million premature deaths in 2015 according to a report published in The Lancet.: [deleted]. A year after demonetisation agriculture lies in a shambles and small businesses have been ruined. Now with the introduction of the illdesigned GST in July the Modi regime has achieved the status of a serial bungler. GST Council slashes tax rates on 177 items from 28 to 18. All Eyes On SC Hearing Challenging Rakesh Asthanas Appointment as CBI Special Director. NTA to conduct entrance examinations for higher educational institutions. GST Council cuts rate on 211 items Great move but the big reform is still a hostage to political games. Centre to introduce bill to allow NRIs to vote. Factory output slows to 3.8 in September. UN expert finds holes in Swachh Bharat Mission gets panned. Karnataka accounts for 44 of Indias investment plans TOI. Cabinet approves independent body to conduct high stake entrance exams. The Oil Market Is Turning Against Narendra Modi. DoT To Wait For Decision From Supreme Court On Linking Aadhaar With Mobile Numbers. 132 days after rollout GST cut on over 210 items 180 of them in top 28 slab Times of India. Indias central bank is shutting the door on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Manish Sisodia Exclusive Interview with Dhruv Rathee Air Pollution in Delhi. GST rates slashed on many items heres what got cheaper and other major announcements. Eating out gets cheaper GST rate on restaurants flat at 5. GST Council Cuts Rates on Mass Consumption Items to 18 The Wire [policy]: [deleted]. AntiAadhaar activists urge citizens to switch off mobile phones for halfanhour on Saturday. GST Rates for Restaurants Eating out gets cheaper GST for all restaurants has been fixed at 5 per cent. GST Council Meet LIVE Eating Out to be Cheaper After Rates Slashed to 5. hindus minority petition SC declines plea to declare Hindus as minority in eight states The Times of India on Mobile. Why India Alarmed At US Funding Of NGOs Promoting Religious Freedom. A year after demonetisation agriculture lies in a shambles and small businesses have been ruined. Now with the introduction of the illdesigned GST in July the Modi regime has achieved the status of a serial bungler: [deleted]. 23rd GST Council Meeting Updates Tax Rate Cut On 178 Items: [deleted]. Demonetisation was arbitrary says economist Larry Summers. Reliance Jio takes on Airtel Voda with 100 cashback on Rs 399 recharge. GST Council cuts rates on 177 items chocolates shampoo to attract 18 tax. How to change your address in Aadhaar database online Read here. It is argued that Maharashtra and Gujarat are the only states who have issued rules contravening the RERA Act: FPCE has also argued that Maharashtra and Gujarat are the only states that have issued rules contravening the Act. The Act states that 70 of the money collected from allottees from time to time need to be deposited in a separate account while 15 states and Union territories have come up with rules that say 70 funds already realised after deducting the funds spent commensurate the work completed need to be deposited in this account. However rules in Maharashtra and Gujarat say 70 of only the funds to be realised need to be deposited in a separate account. This is in contravention of sufficient funds the Act since sufficient funds will not be then available to complete the project FPCE argued before the court. Forum for Peoples Collective Efforts FPCE Link https//realty.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/industry/reraspoweroverongoingprojectsvalidsaysfpce/61570202. RBI asks banks to provide doorstep services to senior citizens above 70 years by Decend. Central govt staff can now get Rs 25 lakh advance for new homes at 8.5 simple interest rate. Tejas far behind competitors not enough to protect Indian skies IAF. GST Council meeting today likely to prune items in 28 tax slab most dailyuse items may be lowered to 18. Aadhaar Dystopia or Utopia Arun Maira Jairam Ramesh Sanjay Jain with Charles Assisi: [deleted]. Top 10 polluted cities in India October 2017. The Long Story How drive for Aadhaar is affecting poor. Air pollution in Delhi NGT orders ban on the construction work in the entire NCR. The ban is restricted to the next hearing governmental or private but in the meantime the workers will get their wages orders NGT.. [Showerthought] Inability to curb high levels of pollution in Delhi and surrounding states is the failure of cooperative federalism in India.: AAP in the Delhi and BJP in the Centre share the Delhis statehood and its responsibilities at present. Same for Congress right now in Punjab. The problem is not something new and for last five years governments after governments have failed to address the issue. At one end they dont want to let business effect especially construction business and on the another hand want to blame others stakeholders for this. It reminds me of the China Olympics in 2008 which got a flak for its bad air quality despite its repeated assurances. Politicians hate bad publicity even now if any political party gets a bad rep for this pollution mess they will try to bring solutions which may be short term and not effective. Example [Delhi Pollution Aerial Sprinkling Impractical Say Experts]https//www.ndtv.com/delhinews/delhipollutionaerialsprinklingimpracticalsayexperts1766700 Delhi is now forced to close its schools and its citizens forced to ply their private schools oddevenly. We the rich and creamy can stay indoors with our airfilters but the lower middle class and the poor on the streets still breathe the same unadulterated filthy air. Maybe very soon as the part of Make in India we would sell the fresh Himalayan Air in the new swanky Walmart stores. Oh thats a nice startup idea btw. brb and taking first mover advantage. Read [Breathing New Delhis air right now is the equivalent of smoking 45 cigarettes a day]https//qz.com/1124049/airpollutioninnewdelhihasthehealtheffectofsmoking45cigarettesaday/ As read in various discussions this heavy smog is more due crop burning in surrounding states which still remains unchecked. When the decision came in the court rooms the Supreme court as expected laid down a haphazard ban on the sale of firecrackers in Delhi. I dont know how effective was it to bring down pollution levels. But the political parties made sure not to let their constituency down the Hindu vote bank. [Sheila Dikshit on firecrackers ban Ex Delhi CM says people very disappointed terms it a sentimental religious issue]http//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/sheiladikshitfirecrackersbanexdelhicmsayspeopledisappointedtermssentimentalreligiousissue/889176/ [Cant imagine Diwali without crackers. AAP on Monday said it was not in favour of banning firecrackers during Diwali. Ashutosh said exploding crackers during Diwali was part of our culture.]http//zeenews.india.com/delhi/cantimaginediwaliwithoutcrackersaamaadmiparty2048973.html [Hindu Outfit Bursts Crackers Outside Supreme Court 14 Detained Delhi BJP spokesperson Tejinder Bagga also distributed sacks full crackers to slum kids in Hari Nagar area of west Delhi. He tweeted photos and a video of him giving out firecrackers to the children]http//www.news18.com/news/india/hinduoutfitburstscrackersoutsidesupremecourt14detained1549571.html. IMO its shows weak political will across party lines to deal with this serious issue. Air pollution is just a type of pollution and Delhi is one of the many states in India. Citizenry is the culprit too who dont want to perform their basic duties. To me this only shows the failure of how weak our cooperative federalism is. Maybe a dozen more deaths and foreign media rap on their knuckles might make them take short decisions something which was supposed to be planned and executed months or years ago. But till then let the political bickering continue ofcourse with our oxygen masks on. Some hiphop if you like it. [Desh Soo Raha Hai]https//www.youtube.com/watchv5Q70SgABCg . India Is Shining With More Than 2 lakh Millionaires With the Total Net Worth of 877 Billion : According to the AsiaPacific Wealth Report 2017 by Capgemini AsiaPacific held its spot as the worlds leader in HNWI High Net Worth Individual population and wealth in 2016. Japan and China were driving the growth. Interestingly India secured the 4th spot in HNWI population in the region with 2.19 lac millionaires during 2016 but the total wealth of these HNIs amount to 877 billion helping India escalate to 3rd position. Thanks to the booming foreign investment and startup scene. Countries like Japan and China fight for being the worlds best and acing the battle with North America. What works for China is the increased focus on single child policy which has created a large number of eligible bachelors while Indian diaspora struggles with its unemployment index.. Now link all your insurance policies to Aadhaar and PAN Times of India. How successful was oddeven really After all Delhis PM 2.5 levels rose 15 during trial period Editors Note This copy was originally published in January. It is being republished in light of the Delhi governments decision to reintroduce the oddeven car rule from 13 to 17 November.. What is stopping us from banning stubbleburning: Its no big surprise that stubble burning by farmers is a large cause of the current gas chamber. A [2016 IIT Kanpur study]http//www.indiaspend.com/specialreports/delhisairqualitycouldimprove90ifstubbleburninfieldsisstopped77532 found that air quality would improve by 90 if this was stopped. Everyone knows this both sides of ideology. Its not about unbanning fireworks or implementing oddeven FIRST stop people from burning biomass that can be used for other purposes I am all for suffering for the sake of farmers but there are way way better ways to help them than standing idly by while they use outdated techniques that severely endanger the rest of the country. After a certain point they no longer have the right. It surely breaks national laws as well as international ones and it would greatly reduce our emissions under the COP agreement. If the answer to my question is politics then fuck it. . Supreme Court to hear MobileAadhaar linking issue on 13 November. Cannot compel casinos to go cashless Manohar Parrikar and calls digital payment initiatives promotional activities.. IT hiring to be slower for years to come V Balakrishnan. IT Employees get nod to set up Trade Union in Karnataka. Even tax officers left foxed by GST form. RBI on bitcoin. Potential Money Multiplier Stock For Indian Investors. New Delhi declares emergency as toxic smog thickens by the hour. The Great Reset A Year Later. Karan Thapar interviews NITI Aayog Chief Rajiv Kumar. Minority colleges cant be asked to reserve seats for backward classes. AADHAAR Now link all your insurance policies to Aadhaar and PAN Times of India. Delhi air pollution Govt says ready for third round of oddeven drive. SegWit2X called of due to lack on majority. India on path to meet climate targets rich world falling short. How India Is Moving Toward a DigitalFirst Economy. Even tax officers left foxed by GST form. Now link all your insurance policies to Aadhaar and PAN. Delhis Air Quality Could Improve 90 If StubbleBurn In Fields Is Stopped. IRDA makes linking of Aadhaar with insurance policy mandatory. PFRDA Irda makes Aadhaar mandatory for insurance policies. Drop in prostitution a demonetisation benefit for Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad India News India Today. Govt wont cut mobile connections if not linked to Aadhaar DoT secretary. In a first Kerala to offer free sanitary napkins in 300 govt schools. Govt wont cut mobile connections if not linked to Aadhaar DoT secretary. Government Will Not Cut Mobile Connection Over Aadhaar Says Telecom Department. How To Use and Pay Through BHIM UPI using Paytm. Stamp duty exemptions to SEZ developers extended to 25 years. Fiddling With The Violin GST taxes it for being Western. But it is integral to Indias classical tradition. Here is how NPS costs will now be charged. Govt propaganda about Notebandi: [deleted]. India Jumps 30 Places In Ease Of Doing Business But Data Valid Only For Delhi Mumbai FactChecker. Kerala Introduces Ayurvedic Tourism for Visitors to the State. Aadhaar was rushed amp foisted on the country by authorities that fail to first create a proper ecosystem rajeevmp [Video 6m]. A look back at how hard the note ban hit the ordinary people: [deleted]. Indias Botched War on Cash [Dec 2016]. Aadhaar was rushed amp foisted on the country by authorities that fail to first create a proper ecosystem rajeevmp: [deleted]. Aadhaar great privacy too should be maintained Satya Nadella: [deleted]. India not China will lead future demand for energy. India home to 219000 millionaires says report Eastern Eye. Government plans second phase of digital payment push from January Times of India. 10 most important terms about bitcoin you should know. Delhi Govt To Set Up 70 WorldClass Skill Centres In 2 Years Announces Arvind Kejriwal. The chief minister said the new skill centres will be based on the model of the one developed by the Delhi government with the help of Singapore in Vivek Vihar.. Difference Between Repo Rate and Reverse Repo Rate Banks RBI. India Cracks Open Iran Sea Route To Afghanistan Bypassing Pakistan. Italy tries to capitalize on Brexit with Indian trade deals. Evolution of Insurance Products in India. Fraud in Insurance Why Consumers Must Fight It. Despite it being compulsory only 39.5 PANs linked with Aadhaar. Listen again to the economist who rightly predicted note ban hitting GDP. Arun Jaitley hints at pruning more items in 28 GST slab The Indian Express. People of 3 neighboring countries have better access to electricity than Indias. Aadhar linked wedding profile why not. Fraud in Insurance Why Consumers Must Fight It: [deleted]. Abu Dhabi fund to invest Rs 2000 crore in Cube Highways ampamp Infrastructure. Maharashtra changes funding model to spur road construction. While Germany sold 40000 PlugIn Electric Vehicles in 2017 India is still struggling with policies. Mumbai Govt hands over Mumbais Cross Maidan to BMC for maintenance and commercial use. The city collector has been asked to clear encroachments if any and hand it over to the civic body as the government has no mechanism in place to maintain open spaces.. States told to share marriage registration data with Centre. Indias Businesses Have Lost Confidence Many companies are afraid to invest for fear of a sudden changes in costs or government policies. Indian Roads are one of the worlds most dangerous.. Panama Papers Rs 792 crore undisclosed money detected by IT department. Indias Businesses Have Lost Confidence Many companies are afraid to invest for fear of a sudden changes in costs or government policies: From the WSJ Link https//www.wsj.com/articles/indiasbusinesseshavelostconfidence1509969600 India will likely lose its title as the fastestexpanding large economy this year as a recent growth spurt sputtered after failing to trigger new corporate investment. This was supposed to be the year Asias thirdlargest economy could at last emerge from Chinas shadow. Instead it is struggling with a slowdown. Ask executives and they will tell you why. Prime Minister Narendra Modis heavyhanded attempts to improve the economy in the past 12 months have sapped them of confidence. They have been putting off investment plans which is hurting growth and dousing the job creation the countrys citizens desperately need. Krishna Kumar Jindal a textile company owner used to have his 48 looms running 24 hours a day when Mr. Modis rollout of a new national tax left customers confused and slashed his sales in half. Now hes worried whether he can pay his loans and 150 employees. Our factory used to run 360 days in a year he said. Now we are looking for reasons to keep it closed. Indias gross domestic product growth rate slowed to a threeyear low of 5.7 in the quarter that ended in June well behind Chinas 6.9 for the same period. In the first half India grew an average of 5.9 while China grew 6.9. Last year Indian growth beat Chinas but is expected to fall behind for all of 2017. While growth of almost 6 is nothing to sniff at and optimists expect Indias growth to improve last quarter the South Asian nation needs growth of closer to 10 if it hopes to provide good jobs for the close to one million people entering its workforce every month. Many blame Mr. Modis most aggressive economic adjustments The surprise crackdown on cash late last year and the implementation of a nationwide goods and services tax this year. The double shock treatment aimed at bringing more Indians into the tax net has chilled new investing by small and large companies and exacerbated anemic private investment and lending. Companies have scaled back investing because they still have capacity left over from better times economists say. And banks arent making it easy to borrow. Last quarter private and state company investment plans fell 66 from a year earlier to a 13year low according to estimates from Mumbai think tank Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy. Indian factories are operating at only 71 of capacity according to latest Reserve Bank of India data well below their peak of more than 80 just five years ago. The investment cycle is not taking off said Tanvee Gupta Jain chief India economist at UBS Securities. A shoe factory owner Rafeeque Ahmed says he has put expansion plans on hold until he has more confidence about New Delhis policy plans particularly about minimum wages. The 16 million he was going to invest to boost his production capacity by 20 may now go to setting up facilities in Myanmar or Bangladesh. We are afraid to invest because the government could suddenly change policies and thus our costs he said. Companies are also struggling with a debt hangover the result of too much borrowing a decade ago. Banks have piled up about 150 billion of bad loans leading to a sharp decline in their lending capacity. Credit growth has slowed to the lowest rate in more than two decades. Last month the government pledged a closeto33 billion capital infusion into staterun banks to help shore up their resources. While the move has been welcomed and triggered a rally in bank shares it is still only about half the 65 billion that Fitch Ratings estimates Indian banks require to meet new Basel 3 regulatory requirements that come into effect in 2019. Neeraj Kedia chairman of fertilizer company Chakradhar Chemicals Pvt. Ltd. said he would invest more if he could borrow more but banks have become too cautious. Some are even demanding big upfront cash deposits as collateral for loans he said something they never asked for before. They want to make themselves 200 secure he said. New Delhi is trying to step up state spending to offset some of the weakness in private investment. Last month it announced plans to spend more than 100 billion on new highways. The governments investments in banks and infrastructure will help economists said but India needs the privatesector motor of the economy to be working harder to keep growth accelerating. It is a systematic problem and one has to persevere in terms of the policy changes and the policy changes are many said Junaid Ahmad the World Banks India director. . Indias Businesses Have Lost Confidence: [deleted]. Demonetisation Manmohan Singh To Modi Time For Politicking Over Lets Rebuild The Economy. Burgeoning Debt Continues to Plague Gujarats State Finances. SBIs Rajnish Kumar says promoters within their rights to submit bids in IBC cases. India slips 21 places in gender gap ranking Bangladesh ahead. While the top ranks continue to be held by the Nordic countries of Iceland Norway and Finland Bangladesh at 47th position holds the highest rank in South Asia.: [deleted]. How Indias battle with climate change could determine all of our fates. Indias population and emissions are rising fast and its ability to tackle poverty without massive fossil fuel use will decide the fate of the planet.. Eradicating Poverty From India Heres One Interesting Approach That Is Working While there are various organisations that assist communities and villages it is essential to empower them to fight their own battles and find practices that remain sustainable.. Ease of doing business Ranking of states likely in January. Tomato Onion Prices on Rise in Mumbai Kolkata Chandigarh Delhi Government to Act Strict Against Hoarding. Aadhaarbased attendance system for rail employees by January 31. According to the order the biometric attendance system would be first implemented in the offices of all divisions zones Metro Rail Kolkata railways workshop factories and production units by November 30.. Bankers file petition saying dont have means to provide Aadhaar services. A superelite club of senior advocates dominates Indias courts. How long will it rule. Niti Aayog sees poverty corruption free India by 2022. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action. Aadhaarbased biometric attendance system for rail employees by January 31. A Case of Lemon Socialism The announcement to recapitalise banks raises more questions than answers.. Get ready to pay more as Indian Railways imposes superfast levy on 48 more trains. Telangana begins trials for free 24hour power supply to farmers. The other KG gas scam Is ONGC being bulldozed into saving a debtburdened Gujaratowned company The profitable firm will have to subsidise Gujarat State Petroleum Corporations overestimates of reserves and underestimates of costs.. India to be high middle income economy by 2047 World Bank CEO. A superelite club of senior advocates dominates Indias courts. How long will it rule: [deleted]. Over 1000 people opted out of Aadhaar in Meghalaya. Bankers file petition saying dont have means to provide Aadhaar services: [deleted]. Aadhaarbased attendance system for rail employees by January 31. According to the order the biometric attendance system would be first implemented in the offices of all divisions zones Metro Rail Kolkata railways workshop factories and production units by November 30.: [deleted]. GST Cartoon in The Hindu. GST or Mechanisation Which is the greater of Laymans worries . Maharashtra Yeh tera ghar yeh mera ghar. Top MMRDA official Pravin Darade and his wife Pallavi who heads FDA secure states nod to retain Malabar Hill bungalow till his retirement which works out to be 2028.. 19 States Freeze MGNREGA Payments Centre Not Releasing Funds. What is the stimulus to public sector banks all about. Visually impaired cannot recognise new Rs 50 note wont be able differentiate due to technical fault. PARADISE PAPERS Expose on the global environments in which tax abuses can thrive and the complex and seemingly artificial ways the wealthiest corporations can legally protect their wealth. Indian List.. GST Council to consider slashing GST on common use goods. The International Organisation That Is Preserving and Reviving Native Seeds in India. Biodiversity Internationals aim is to create seed banks across the world and encourage farmers to grow crops suited for their region.. Infantry to get foreign rifles others to get made in India. PM taunts UPA with World Bank ranking. Niti Aayog sees poverty corruption free India by 2022: [deleted]. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. Aadhaarbased biometric attendance system for rail employees by January 31. India would be in top 50 in World Banks business rankings in 2 years Amitabh Kant. Replace cycle rickshaws with twoseater ericks Delhi govt: [deleted]. Delhi govt launches workshops for parents of Class 10 12 students of staterun schools: [deleted]. Delhi govt to introduce Chunauti scheme in primary classes to improve learning. The Chunauti plan divides children into groups on the basis of who can read and write Hindi and English and solve mathematical problems.: [deleted]. Get Ready To Pay More For These 48 Trains Railways Impose Superfast Levy. 7th Pay Commission Irked by Delay in Minimum Pay Hike Central Govt Employees Seek Arun Jaitleys Intervention. Rs 47crore LPG subsidy deposited in Airtel bank accounts opened without consent. World Bank Lauds National Judicial Data Grid In Ease Of Doing Business Report. Cash is king Year after note ban India still remains a cash economy: [deleted]. Numbers dont lie India is becoming a worse place for women: [deleted]. On 24 October Arun Jaitley announced a recapitalisation plan of 2.11 trillion rupees for public sector banks as a response to the dangerously piling NPAs.. World Bank Rankings The Myths and Realities of Doing Business in India. Offline version for GSTR4 launched on GST portal. Aadhaar newspaper roundup:  [Bankers file petition saying dont have means to provide Aadhaar services]https//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/banksdonthavemeanstoprovideuidservices/articleshow/61500665.cms [SC pulls up banks telecom companies for creating panic on Aadhaar linking]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/scpullsupbankstelecomcompaniesforcreatingpaniconaadhaarlinking/articleshow/61484417.cms [A welfare test for Aadhaar]http//indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/awelfaretestforaadhaarupandaaadhaarcard4921582/ [Banks give wrong UID numbers of 20 lakh loan waiver beneficiaries]https//economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/banking/finance/banking/banksgivewronguidnumbersof20lakhloanwaiverbeneficiaries/articleshow/61499298.cms. Is the tiny state of Meghalaya showing us the way. Is the tiny state of Meghalaya showing us the way: [deleted]. India to be high middle income economy by 2047 World Bank CEO. Black Money in Politics Why the Election Commission Should Seize the Day. Get ready for naming and shaming of nonperforming states Amitabh Kant. Ease Of Doing Business and other rankings MANJULtoons. RSSlinked organisation is now Mumbai Universitys research institute. The right wing organization to which Vice Chancellor was associated for years is now Mumbai University recognised centre for research [Old] [Oct 2016]. Fewer than half of new MBA graduates get jobs as economy sputters trend at 5year low. Nagpur Loan interest scam hits NMC. Aadhaarverified passengers can now book 12 railway tickets a month online. SBI goes for BLOCK CHAIN TECHNOLOGY amp partners with BANK CHAIN Community.... The Banks Can Do No Wrong. India would be in top 50 in World Banks business rankings in 2 years Amitabh Kant. Middlelevel telecom employees should be the most worried. Workers get more pay fewer days off in Delhi than Mumbai. DATA STORY Goa Kerala value womens safety the most Bihar Uttar Pradesh the least. Record Milk Surge In India But Crisis For Small Dairy Farmers. Made in China swamps PM Modis plans as backlash spreads to streets. Blackbuck conservation reserve to come up in U.P.. Doing Business Ranking Relative Cant Compare To Previous Years World Bank. Mumbai New app to make rail commute safer for women between Churchgate and Virar. Retired bureaucrats write to Modi to raise concern about Aadhaar. Made in China swamps Narendra Modis plans as backlash escalates. Aadhaarverified passengers can now book 12 railways tickets a month online. SC cancels engineering degrees given by deemed universities through correspondence course. Important Dates of Nov 2017 for CAs. Important Dates of November 2017 for CAs: [removed]. India staring at mental health epidemic 90 patients do not get care President Ram Nath Kovind. Feeding India Discussions on IFPRIs Hunger Index illustrate the complexity of Indias malnutrition problem. Solutions must focus on evidence accountability.. Six major IT companies reduce employee strength by over 4000. Four charts and a table more proof of Indias job crisis. Workers get more pay fewer days off in Delhi than Mumbai: [deleted]. Automation in job sector Techies watch out these guys are coming to take away your jobs: [deleted]. Workers get more pay fewer days off in Delhi than Mumbai: [deleted]. Supreme Court seeks Centres reply on pleas challenging Aadhaar Act The bench however said that the banks and telecom service providers should indicate the last date of linking bank accounts and mobile numbers with Aadhaar in the messages. Supreme Court refuses to stay Aadhaar linkage with telcos bank accounts. Tax dispute stalls India solar panel cargoes delaying projects. Fourwheelers sold from December must be fitted with FASTag Centre. No load shedding in Mumbai rural Maharashtra to bear the brunt. No load shedding in Mumbai rural Maharashtra to bear the brunt. The BJP government is facing sharp criticism over the unannounced power cuts at a time when the state is reeling under a heat spell.: [deleted]. India falls 21 places in global gender equality report ranks 108 in 144nation list: [deleted]. Nagpur Will elevator save state Revenue Minister Chandrakant Patil from political ruin PWD officials are planning to replace staircase with lift in Nagpurs jinxed Devgiri bungalow which is believed to have caused downfall of Bhujbal R R Patil Ajit Pawar and Khadse.. Navi Mumbai sees worst air quality of season. Environmentalists from Navi Mumbai pointed to the presence of increased truck traffic in the area apart from construction activity for the increased pollution.. Mumbai Many lives could have been saved if new bridges were built earlier say Elphinstone stampede victims kin.. India ranks 40 out of 137 countries in Global Competitiveness Index 201718 edition falls by one rank from 201617 edition 39 of 138 countries. India aims for top 50 ease of business rank with around 90 specific reforms lined up. Job losses Tough times ahead for telecom employees up to 30000 face axe. Madras HC allows woman to file ITR without Aadhaar. EPF contributor numbers decline as Aadhaar linking becomes mandatory. Aadhaar Card Aadhaar a threat to national security Subramanian Swamy. No government advertisements for fake news papers. Decoding World Banks ease of doing business report More Indians paid taxes this year. Further reforms are needed for the GST to succeed. Can Bharatmala revive Indias capex cycle and boost growth. Now Do Business . MobileAadhaar link must by Feb 6 says Centre. Mobile numberAadhaar linkage Soon no need to visit telecom stores. In an exclusive interview to CNBC Raghuram Rajan welcomes govts bank recapitalisation plan. Details at 9 pm on India Biz Hr ShereenBhan. GST woes CAIT calls for CBI inquiry against Infosys others for poor tax portal. Compared with Singh Modi looking like a low achiever Asia Times. With Indias economy stumbling its time for Modi to have a rethink Nikkei Asian Review. Kerala govt to launch free medical treatment to road accident victims for the first 48 hours.. Workers get more pay fewer days off in Delhi than Mumbai: [deleted]. The Indian Patent Regime Is Accommodating Unreasonable Demands Of The US But People Are Not Aware. Workers get more pay fewer days off in Delhi than Mumbai: [deleted]. Automation in job sector Techies watch out these guys are coming to take away your jobs: [deleted]. India mulls national ecommerce policy. Ease of Doing Business How Maharashtra helped India get big jump in ease of doing business ranking. POSCO Exit Pyrrhic Victory for the Peoples Movement. LPG Cooking Gas Prices Hiked By Rs 9394 Per Cylinder Jet Fuel Rates Go Up. PFRDA Raises Maximum Age to Join NPS to 65. To check ewaste 243 dealers in Delhi NCR told to take back old electronic goods. Building FOB not our duty Exservicemen. One of the jokes making the rounds is Will the army help the Mumbai University teachers in the paper checking procedure. Govt issues draft rules for using drones in India. Mumbai likely to get 50 rooftop joints by December nightlife to get cooler.. Tackling fake news We need uniform guidelines regulation and policy regarding fabricated content. The reality of doing business in India. Reforms are paying off now up the ante The ease of doing business rankings may not be the sole determinant for attracting investment but the improvement is likely to boost investor confidence as it reflects the governments commitment to reforms. You Can Now Join NPS Upto 65 Years Of Age Invest Upto 70. Why is the stock market going high inspite of economy in such a bad shape . Row over asking Army to build footover bridges in Mumbai. The government has announced a new policy to boost private investment in the affordable housing project http//bit.ly/2z7VSW2 PropBuying. Bullet train route is lossmaking RTI 40 seats went vacant in past 3 months. Tax promise from Modi. In a first for the country Delhi schools to be ranked on cleanliness teaching safety. Indian Railways new timetable from today 6 new trains 65 trains to run at faster speeds. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action. World Bank Rankings The Myths and Realities of Doing Business in India. The US is monitoring Indias currency that alone could hurt the Indian economy. Indias Manufacturing Activity Loses Momentum Over GST: [deleted]. Humble khichdi to be named national dish at World Food India Times of India. Gross violation of human rights due to the mandatory linking of Aadhar to health and allied social security schemes. The roundtrip rupee trick India recapitalises its stateowned banks. Draft regulations on drone usage announced 5 categories prior permissions required. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. Troubles at Infosys because of GST: Im hearing from credible sources that the GST team at Infosys has unionized and is demanding that all members be made IRS officers. They are refusing to fix bugs and push out new releases till the time all their demands are met. This is expected behaviour because the senior government officials have constantly been harrassing and publically berating the engineers.. UP has 25 of countrys districts poor in social indices NITI Aayog CEO. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy: [deleted]. Army called in to build footover bridges Why the move exposes Indian Railways inefficiencies. Countries ranked above and below India in World Banks ease of business rankings 2017. Start Your Own Business With Bespocut: [removed]. The worlds 10 largest economies 19702030. Inflating imports DRI Adjudicating Authority drops second case against Adani. After torching crops farmer ends life in Odisha almost zero national media coverage.. Is Indian economy turning the corner. Indian Railways new timetable from today 6 new trains 65 trains to run at faster speeds. Tamil Nadu Battered By Rain Minister Says Better Prepared Than US UK. Three key reasons why India galloped on Ease of Doing Business ranking. GST Council to trim list of items in 28 tax slab. Go slow on Aadhaar let SC take final call. How the Japanese Loan for Indias Bullet Train Is a Rip Off The Wire. India Ease of Doing Business Parameters by World Bank as per Delhi Mumbai sample data DNA India. India Ease of Business Parameters rank by World Bank as per Delhi Mumbai sample data DNA India: [deleted]. GST Infosys is to blame for GST Network glitches say government officials. Flexifares may go for 50 of seats in trains. How the RBI Destroyed the Indian Economy The Wire. UP has 25 of countrys districts poor in social indices NITI Aayog CEO: [deleted]. Core sector growth rises to 5.2 in September. Experts laud govt efforts that led to India galloping 30 points in Doing Business ranking. Subnational Economy Rankings India Subnational Doing Business: [deleted]. In Big Boost India Jumps 30 Places To 100 On Ease Of Doing Business 10 Points: [deleted]. Ease of Doing Business Big thumbsup to Modinomics India jumps 30 places to 100th rank in ease of doing business report The Economic Times. India breaks into top 100 club in ease of doing business. India Interstate migration in India doubled between 20012011 WEF. Jobless growth is for real Care Ratings. Gold Rate Today Find all the latest trends and news about gold. Bihar contract teachers entitled to salary at par with their regular colleagues rules Patna HC. Indias halfyear fiscal deficit crosses 91 of full year target. A Rutgers professor explains why Indians cant manufacture even their gods. Subramanian Swamy Aadhaar a threat to national security SC will strike it down. The Kerala Model: Lets have an objective discussion of the merits sustainability of the Kerala model. Please dont downvote if you merely disagree. 1. Kerala started out with 47 literacy in 1951 at a time when UP had 12 and the Indiawide average was 18.33. To claim that Kerala is high on HDI purely from postindependence governments is a bit of a stretch they started out with a relatively compact population 13.5m in 1951 and the most advantages among states thanks to the focus on education by the local dynastic precursors the Travancore Family along with contributions with subgroups like the Nair Society and Christian Missionaries. 3. Unemployment rate Despite the dependence on remittances and foeign jobs the states unemployment rate is 12.5 against the allIndia level of 5 making it the third highest in the country after Sikkim and Tripura. [Source]http//www.thenewsminute.com/article/notrankstatewantskeralahighunemploymentweneedmoreentrepreneursgovtsays61216 3. Political Violence and the most fertile ground for ISIS recruitment in India. [Kerala tops the crime rate list with 16.3 riot cases per lakh people followed by Bihar 12.9 and Karnataka 10.6.]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/327riseinagrarianriotsin2015NCRBreportshows/article14598321.ece [How Isis recruiters found fertile ground in Kerala Indias tourist gem.]https//www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/29/isisrecruitersfertilegroundkeralaindiastouristgem 4. Second last in Ease of Doing Business Ranking amongst the general category removing the somewhat isolated NE states troubled JK and small Union Territories besides Delhi and 20th rank across India. [Source]https//medium.com/thousifmohammed/whykeralaranklastineaseofdoingbusiness7da7ed96d113 5. Consequently abysmal FDI inflows at just over US1.2billion in 200015 the last 15 years just 0.5 of total inflows. In contrast Tamil Nadu and Karnataka received over US17billion and US16billion respectively in the same period. [Source]http//indien.ahk.de/fileadmin/ahkindien/Bilder/2015NewsandInfo/economicnews/collabfdiintoindia.pdf 6. High Debt/GSDP of 29.7 2015 Budget Estimate compared to an Indiaaverage of 21.2. Though thats an estimate the 2014 Revised Estimate was 31 and 2013 actual one was 31.6. I would take the estimate with a grain of sand. [Source]http//niti.gov.in/content/debttotaloutstandingliabilitiespercenatgegsdp This is also with them having a monopoly over the liquor industry through BEVCO and one of the highest percapita consumption levels of alcohol by state. Thats cool I have no issues with alcohol. 7. Dire position of the State Finances [Five charts that explain the crisis in Keralas economy.]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/HkujNa0LphyCVSoqFFIEWK/FivechartsthatexplainthecrisisintheKeralaeconomy.html They even exceeded the Fiscal Deficit Targets which they had committed too. 2. And finally the extreme dependence on remittances Remittances finance as many as 20 Kerala households or 2.4 million families. Assuming a family size of three remittances directly affect 7.2 million of 35 million Keralites according to a recent paper in the Economic and Political Weekly by K C Zachariah and S Irudaya Rajan based on the Kerala Migration Survey 2014. [Source]http//www.firstpost.com/india/gulfremittancestokeraladroptofouryearlowduetodecliningoilprices2738866.html Remittances at Rs 70000 crore accounted for 36.3 of the net state domestic product NSDP in 2014. Remittances constitute a fourth Rs 22689 of Rs 86180 of the per capita income of Kerala in 2014. Remittances were 1.2 times the revenue generated by the Kerala government in 2014. I like this summary Remittances from global capitalism are carrying the whole Kerala economy said S. Irudaya Rajan a demographer at the Center for Development Studies a local research group. There would have been starvation deaths in Kerala if there had been no migration. The Kerala model is good to read about but not practically applicable to any part of the world including Kerala. [Source NYTimes Jobs Abroad Support Model State in India.]http//www.nytimes.com/2007/09/07/world/asia/07migrate.htmlr1pagewanted1 Its a pretty good read. . GST Council to make it mandatory for restaurants malls shopping outlets to ensure MRP includes taxes. Laxmi Coin Indias Cryptocurrency. Hunter X Hunter. Air pollution caused half a million premature Indian deaths in 2015 Lancet study: [deleted]. Kerala Himachal Pradesh Top Social Progress Index 2017 While Bihar Jharkhand Fare At The Bottom. Going off track to find the right path for Himalayan tourism: [deleted]. Restaurants hopeful of GST council approving rate cut. Indian sea farers Tourism may set sail from Indian shores soon. Kudumbashree How ReThinking Poverty amp Gender Changed 5 Million Lives in Kerala [xpost r/Kerala]. T for transgender in India railway tickets soon. India World Bank sign Rs 1297crore deal to improve Assams farm sector. Indias pension system has improved its sustainability score albeit at a slow pace. Fewer TB deaths in India WHO. Indian sea farers Tourism may set sail from Indian shores soon. cybersecurity professionals Cybersecurity jobs now at a premium as India goes digital. As OPEC nations rest their rigs India on a slippery slope High oil prices mean India imports inflation which would give an already hesitant RBI an excuse to delay rate cuts further. The gov would like lower oil prices especially since important states are going in for election.. India needs a new banking policy framework. Catholic Anglican bishops unite in opposition to Adani megamine. Indias 76 percent LED bulbs found to be spurious survey. Pune School student thrashed by teacher for failure to produce Aadhaar. Infant Mortality and Under 5 Mortality Rates of India: This is the graph of Infant Mortality Rates and Under 5 Mortality Rates of various Indian states. I used NFHS 201516 data given on the website http//rchiips.org/nfhs/ The graph https//imgur.com/GIjuKtf. Big move by Yogi Adityanath government UP Madrasas to teach NCERT books Science and Maths compulsory. Ease of doing business India likely to have jumped 30 spots to 100th ranking in World Bank report. Modinomics Economy Doom Or Bloom MANJULtoons. Less than 50 percent HIV patients link Aadhaar to AntiRetroviral Therapy services. The Hindus take on recapitalization of banks.. Modis Magic Makes Indias Problems Disappear. Centre yet to release over Rs. 8 cr. wages to MGNREGA beneficiaries. Sexratio Houseless per lakh popln by district Choropleth map. Kerala the outlier. Andhras war on fake doctors All prescriptions pharmacies to go digital. The project is being rolled out because over 60000 quacks in Andhra are posing a huge health threat.. How the triple talaq case may make the Centre rethink making Aadhaar mandatory for mobile phones. Should Aadhaar Linking Deadline Be Extended for All SC to Examine Today. In India cars will be rented for cryptocurrency. Indian stock market headed for 2008like crash 6 warning signs you must not ignore anymore. Bharatmala Pariyojana. Advanced security systems including parking sensors must in cars manufactured after July 2019. Labour repression amp the IndoJapanese divergence. Labour repression ampthe IndoJapanese divergence: [deleted]. Ahead Of One Year Anniversary Of Demonetisation RBI Says Still Verifying Returned Notes. Flagging economy responsible for declining MampampA activity in India. Kerala To Switch Over To EcoFriendly Gas Crematoriums. Indian Railways To Invest 150 Billion Create 1 Miliion Jobs In 5 Years Says Piyush Goyal. A GST expert is coming to my college tomorrow. Does Randia have any good questions for him. India likely to jump up 30 positions in World Banks ease of doing business survey Report. Even religious idols come from China Seven reasons why Make in India is a distant goal. India to leapfrog 30 places in business ease rank. Bailout to banks is not going to cure bad behaviour. P Chidambaram Targets Govt If economy is strong why announce bank recapitalisation. India Incs investment growth hits 25year low. 83.5 billion and counting How Invest India keeps FDI rolling in. Government working on tougher consumer protection law. Laws existed even in Vedic period against unfair trade says Modi.. What India can teach the world about sustainability. RESPONSES TO INFORMATION REQUESTS RIRs India Situation of homosexuals availability of support groups and state protection June 2004 April 2009 [PDF] [Old] [2009]. India Incs investment growth hits 25year low: [deleted]. India Incs investment growth hits 25year low: [deleted]. India Incs investment growth hits 25year low: [deleted]. [NP] Telangana state cuts power to 14 pharma firms responsible for death of 2.3 lakh fishes in two days due to irresponsible discharge of wastes. Cabinet approves Rs 7000 crore for construction of six IIT campuses. [Politics]PSU banks recapitalisation Modi got idea from ailing SMEs in Gujarat. Does Modi have Aadhaar card: For someone who cant get enough of PR and camera attention. There are hardly any images of news of him registering for Aadhaar which would have been a major PR stunt and a nobrainer for any PR minded person as it could have been milked to eternity. So one set of rules for the common people and another set for him . Banks shutter ATMs as cities go digital remove 358 over JuneAugust. Dada Dont Preach. Aadhaar of 300 people stolen Rs 40 lakh pension money swindled The New Indian Express. Bank officers body files PIL against Aadhaar linkage The Morung Express. AadhaarMobile number linking Govt to announce new cell verification method for NRIs tourists. This is one of the few places where a communist can still dream. Indias firm policy pushes more Rohingyas to Bangladesh. Ujjain temple devotees can offer no more than 1/2 litre of RO water Supreme Court. Did you know that most of the income accruing to political parties is exempt from tax: Section 13A of Income Tax Act 1961 reads out the following provision. Any income of a political party which is chargeable under the head Income from house property or Income from other sources or Capital gains or any income by way of voluntary contributions received by a political party from any person shall not be included in the total income of the previous year of such political party Provided that a such political party keeps and maintains such books of account and other documents as would enable the Assessing Officer to properly deduce its income therefrom b in respect of each such voluntary contribution 12[other than contribution by way of electoral bond] in excess of twenty thousand rupees such political party keeps and maintains a record of such contribution and the name and address of the person who has made such contribution 13[and] c the accounts of such political party are audited by an accountant as defined in the Explanation below subsection 2 of section 288 14[ and] Following clause d and Explanation shall be inserted after clause c of the first proviso to section 13A by the Finance Act 2017 w.e.f. 142018 d no donation exceeding two thousand rupees is received by such political party otherwise than by an account payee cheque drawn on a bank or an account payee bank draft or use of electronic clearing system through a bank account or through electoral bond. To explain it out for you it basically states that any income except the one chargeable from business or profession is exempt from tax provided that the party abides by certain conditions. And before you jump to conclusions insertion of this provision was long before and is being shamelessly brought forward by all of the previous governments needless to say the current government too. I wanted to inquire if there is something we can do to bring this to the light of common public. . Aadhaar link to property tax payment opposed ANDHRA PRADESH The Hindu. The Question More Indians Ask Is My Phone Tapped. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy. Indias Banks Need More Than a Bailout. Indias Wildlife Trafficking Epidemic Poaching and the illegal wildlife trade is on the rise in India.. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy: [deleted]. Rohingyas Indias firm policy pushes more Rohingyas to Bangladesh. Mersal Madras HC dismisses plea to revoke censor certificate of Vijaystarrer. Not a single rupee Why Narendra Modis warning to states on barring development funds is antiConstitution. States told to identify properties of 2.1 lakh shell companies. Asaduddin Owaisi defends Telangana CMs Muslimonly IT corridor. Congress Muslims dwindling in assembly Times of India. ThreeQuarters Of The Worlds New Billionaires Hail From China And India. Is Indian economy turning the corner: [removed]. Indian Railways opens door to private steel manufacturers. Khadim India Limited IPO Khadim India IPOUpcoming IPO. Centre urges States not to deny food subsidy for want of Aadhaar card. Aadhaar must not become a basis for exclusion. All residents of this village born on January 1 say Aadhaar cards Dehradun News Times of India. Midday meal contaminated in AP girls hostel 72 students hospitalised 16 critical. HRD ministry pulls up Punjab education dept for delay in fund transfer lack of monitoring [April 17]. Changing the face of Indian farming. 800 Punjab govt primary schools with less than 20 students to close from Oct 25. Midday meal accounts running low 10 Ludhiana govt schools stop serving. Desperate times Govt fails to release cooking cost under scheme many schools are paying from own pocket to keep serving food to students.. Punjab Ludhiana govt schools havent received midday meal funds since May. Sources in education department have confirmed that they have received the cooking cost of MDM of the month of May and the same has been transferred to the blocks. [July 17]. TranslationTeachers including headmaster made to stand outside the school gates for 3 hrs for being coming late to school deliberately.. Bowing to necessity The bank recapitalisation scheme reflects governments failure to transform statecapital relations. Asking the unobvious There are many unobvious questions to be asked about Kerala and the Kerala Model that are much more interesting than the usual ones. Faye DSouza On The Aadhar Goof Up I The Urban Debate. Telangana CM KCR proposes exclusive industrial estate IT corridor for Muslims in state. Text of Rahul Gandhis speech at PHD Chamber of Commerce. India levies antidumping duty on steel from China EU US. Aadhaar card mobile number linking Surprise You may not have to link via UID after all. Mumbai The Bandra fire was just waiting to happen.: [deleted]. No peace of mind even after linking aadhaar not even a little.. With the NGT banning all protests dharnas and demonstrations at the historical Jantar Mantar the already shrinking space for democratic dissent has been further curtailed. Jan Gan Man Ki Baat Episode 142 AntiBlack Money Day and Maharashtra Loan Waiver. Demonetisation Bang GST Bang 2 Shots To The Chest Says Rahul Gandhi. 7months vs 70years Skilled Immigrants in America from India. Fivesix million people on the move Interstate migration balloons in India. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy: [deleted]. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy: [deleted]. Rich Delhi Metro should serve the public not chase profits. Aadhaarlinking deadlines 4 . Is Indias economy turning the corner. Its high time India should be taking a step like this: [deleted]. Shivraj Singh Chouhan India growing faster than many major economies Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Pollution kills 9 million people each year new study finds The Boston Globe. Dont have Aadhaar You can still verify your mobile number. Heres how. Uttarakhand Will Now Have Police Teams Dedicated To The Protection Of Cow Progeny. Theyll be formed from the existent police force.: [deleted]. Sturdier safer cheaper India urged to build more roads with plastic waste. Bharatmala to decongest cities connect another 250 districts with fourlane highways. Breaking Aadhaarfor Income Tax filing Section 139AA challenged again by Binoy Viswam in SC. How The New Bank Recapitalisation Plan Will Work And What Experts Are Saying About It. The BJP Govts holy cow policy has given rise to the phenomenon of large herds of unproductive cattle abandoned by their owners creating social economic and environmental crises across northern India. 5 States Have Half Of Indias Slums. How many URLs/Websites are blocked in India Government gives different answers. The Real Reason For Indias Rural Health Crisis Isnt A Shortage Of Doctors. They need a renovation of the public health infrastructure and a reorientation of policies.. Deadline to link Aadhaar with schemes extended till March 31 next year Centre tells Supreme Court. The Last Thing Australia and Our Planet Need. The Big Picture Govt announces Rs 9 lakh crore to revive Economy: [deleted]. India slaps antidumping duty on some stainless steel imports. Substainted logic: Lower tax slab would increase compliance further leading to more revenue. Why vikas dont get this simple logic . Making the masses aware of pitfalls of linking Aadhaar to everything: With the presence of so many influencers on Youtube and Facebook does nobody care enough about making the masses aware of what happens when you give all your data to the Government AIB TVF Anybody I mean AIB even made a preachy video about Dhinchak Pooja and following your pashun and look now she is following her pashun on the National Television every night of the week. Aadhaar making subsidy transfer easy and efficient is all well and good but at least give us a choice ffs I dont want your subsidies just give me a choice if I want to link my bank/sim to my Aadhaar otherwise what is the point of this freedom I mean more than half of the citizens of this country dont have passport which imo is more valid proof of citizenship or identity than anything else. It all starts with innocuous linking of bank account sim and other basic utilities because why not if you have nothing to hide and then one day you are being doxxed and your ISP is selling your browsing history to whoever can pay for it. And yes I know the argument about Google and Facebook but that is VOLUNTARY. I CHOOSE. Its funny that I trust a foreign forprofit organization more than my own Government. And its not even about BJP/Modi Govt if the Congress would have been the one to push Aadhaar up everyones arse my reaction would have been the same. But believe me if Congress had been the ones pushing for it Honble PM would have been the first in line of the people opposing it re 2014 tweet. Guess peoples concerns only matter when you are running for the seat and want peoples vote. What a sad state of affairs and theres little to nothing I/we can do about it. At this point I really wish Team Machine from POI was real. Rant over.. Is Patna University Superior To Supreme Court Of India. Linking of Aadhaar with bank accounts shouldnt be mandatory Sharad Yadav. Pension Indias pension system ranked near bottom among major economies. AADHARSIM is SIM now Lifetime or should be: Do you think Govt. should make SIM lifetime thing. I know lot of instances when SIMs have bad records even on reissue of an old expired number. Identity misuse might take place and with serious consequences. What do you guys think of this Can someone here r/India influence the policy structure around this. . The Mega Bank Recap The Best Of Bad Options. Deadline for mandatory linking of Aadhaar to govt schemes extended to March 31 2018 Centre to SC: [deleted]. After 100 Farmers Found With Same Aadhaar Devendra Fadnavis Steps In. Urjit Patel RBI Guv Urjit Patel all praise for Modis monumental step to boost banking. GST Tobacco growers federation accuses Centre of discrimination. Cash ban GST disruptions to cool Indias GDP growth to a 4yr low. The Great Indian Bank Recapitalization Program 2017 Edition. The beautiful Anu Aryan COO discussing bitcoin. Gujarat model The gleam of states high growth numbers hides dark reality of poverty inequality. Modi Governments Policy Paralysis Wont Fix the Economy. Aadhaar centres Banks question UIDAIs authority to issue directions. MPCA to launch campaign on Aadhaar. Why Rajasthan ordinance disallowing questioning of state employees is shameful. U.S. Secretary Of State Rex Tillerson On India. M J Akbar slammed BBC Reporter for asking provocative question.: https//www.youtube.com/watchv8Yk3iDBY6Q At around 236 to be precise. [old]Why have bad loans been made Full text of Raghuram Rajans speech to Assocham. If the thinking of Satya Pal Singh is anything to go by we must prepare for a long spell of darkness.. Madras HC bans pictures of living persons from banners and signboards in TN. Jan Gan Man Ki Baat Episode 140 Hasmukh Adhia on GST and RoRo Ferry. Opinion Arun Jaitley Today Proved Arun Shourie Right. https//www.youtube.com/watchvxbAdEHNEpQ: [deleted]. I got this message and got real confused. Can anybody please explain whats going on here.. Around half of Indias milk fruit vegetable production goes waste Study. Up to 50 of milk fruits veggies produced in India get wasted. Arun Jaitley Govt announces mega Rs 2 lakh 11 thousand crore bank recapitalisation and Rs 7 lakh crore road plan. Opposition to observe November 8 note ban anniversary as black day. President Xi and Secretary Tillerson what two speeches tell us about the future of China and the US. Modi Govt to Pump in Rs 2.11 Lakh Crore in Public Banks to Boost Economy. GST Needs Complete Overhauling Some Rejig Just Wont Help. Arun Jaitley press conference Live updates Centre announces Public Sector Bank capitalisation plan for Rs. 211000 crore. Arun Jaitley Govt announces mega Rs 2 lakh 11 thousand crore bank recapitalisation and Rs 7 lakh crore road plan. LIVE FM Jaitley says India poised for growth economic slowdown bottoming out.. Why its back to GST battlefront for restaurants: [deleted]. the gabbar singh tax cartoon. CNBCTV18Live ALERT Finance Minister to make a major announcement at 4 pm today. Forget Jay Shah whos reporting on Rs 8 lakh crore bank NPAs. Automated test drive tracks to be set up in Delhi by 2018. ALERT Finance Minister to make a major announcement at 4 pm today. Nagpur Petition to register RSS rejected activist to move HC. Government looks to hike minimum internet speed by nearly four times. Maharashtra to fund Rs 3600 crore statue but seek loan for bridge repairs. Why Electricity Workers and Engineers are Opposing the Electricity Amendment Bill 2014. The new law will hand over profitable segments to private sector and keep lossmaking segments in the public sector.. Ive never had a year so bad How Modis big economic changes have hit Indias small businesses. The ease with which the actor Vijay was doxxed is why we should all avoid Aadhar. [P]: This is a text book example of why we need to avoid Aadhar. The authorities will always have a backdoor into any government owned system. With Aadhar everything is automated computerised and linked together. Today they were just able to get his voter ID card for their own gains with Aadhar theyll be able to gain all documents phones gas bills bank records all at once. Also this is true for all authorities in power not just the current party. /rant. More Indian students choosing to go to UK Boris Johnson Times of India. Mumbai Post Elphinstone Stampede Can We Trust Railways With Our Lives. Karnataka govt to ban pillion riding in twowheelers with less than 100cc engine. Subdued Diwali for auto makers as buyers stay away. Indias largest companies cut hiring by 45 in FY17. After starvation death case Jharkhand minister scraps top state officials order on AadhaarPDS link. Media amp Chetan Bhagat on Firecrackers Ban. Reverse brain drain Overseas Indians return in search of better jobs and to escape protectionist regimes. EPFO to consider crediting ETF units to PF accounts. Now passengers with unconfirmed Rajdhani tickets could soon opt to fly. Are rs 10 coins banned now : The reliance fresh guy refused to accept the rs 10 coin. Is that legal . A Decade of BRICS Indian Perspectives for the Future ORF. Indias political funding mess ORF. [Shower Thought] SC should announce only those cities can burst crackers next year which meet WHO air norms by a cutoff date: Currently 99 of India does not meet WHO norms. 50 doesnt meet our own relaxed NAAQS norms. Lets see which city and state government cares for us Hindus the most and makes it possible for us.. Comment Modi loses his luster as economy stutters Nikkei Asian Review. GST rate structure needs complete overhauling says Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia. Online Registration Form for Unique Disability id UDID Card. GST rate structure needs complete overhauling Hasmukh Adhia. Financial stability will be maintained while initiating reforms PM Modi. Jharkhand child death Aadhaar not the only document needed for ration benefits minister clarified. The massive corruption you never heard of multibillionaires Adani and Ambani vs an India without electricity: So Adani Ambani and Tatas started setting up power plants in Gujarat and Maharashtra with Business Plan of importing cheaper yet quality coals from Indonesia. The coal price was then used to fix power plant tariffs. Indonesian Govt then realizes that it has such a bad deal and passes a law to put its coal prices to international market price basically now the coal is costlier Suddenly the rich indian business men go to Central Electricity Regulatory commission to tell that hey the coal prices are now up and the power plant is unsustainable no electricyt for u poor people in india....so CERC makes a committee to investigate and finally approves the end tariff to go high On the other end these business bought stakes in indonesian mines made JVs and some agreements blah blah. But the point is they were basically their own subsidiaries. Now when u sell an inflated electricity adn pay inflated coal price the profit is not going to indonesia it is actually going to you Adani did not stop there... in the invoice submitted they also submitted increased Power plant equipment prices. Now this is weird as all plants should be importing similar equipment right But Adani bhai made a front in Dubai to help himself. But why to over invoice just the power equipment they also massively over invoiced coal itself. All coals were also invoiced up both interms of quality and quantity. When people will pay through increased tariff then lets make moolah. By the way how does invoicing gets done so easily whel because Adani owns the fucking port itself CERC committe approved all of this even though KPMG was consulting them and in its report it showed that Adani basically owned the mine the equipment supplying co and the power plant itself. that committe had 2 prominent people Mr Deepak Parekh who was HDFC chairman and head of SBI Capital Markets Ms Arundhati Bhattacharya yes the same who went on to become SBIs chairman More links PIL about this which I am sure will go nowhere http//indianexpress.com/article/business/companies/overinvoicingbypowercompaniespilindelhihcseekssitprobeagainstfirms4842567/ DRI investigations http//www.epw.in/journal/2016/14/webexclusives/howoverinvoicingimportedcoalhasincreasedpowertariffs.html There are links in the articles itself so help urself Finally link on Australian investigations about Adanis fronts in Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands https//www.theguardian.com/world/2017/aug/16/adanimininggiantfacesfinancialclaimsasitbidsforaustraliancoalloan Original Article http//www.epw.in/journal/2016/20/webexclusives/powertariffscamgetsbiggerrs50000crore.html Hate Capitalism anyone . GST Rate Structure Needs Complete Overhaul Revenue Secretary. The massive corruption you never heard of multibillionaires Adani and Ambani vs an India without electricity: So Adani Ambani and Tatas started setting up power plants in Gujarat and Maharashtra with Business Plan of importing cheaper yet quality coals from Indonesia. The coal price was then used to fix power plant tariffs. Indonesian Govt then realizes that it has such a bad deal and passes a law to put its coal prices to international market price basically now the coal is costlier Suddenly the rich indian business men go to Central Electricity Regulatory commission to tell that hey the coal prices are now up and the power plant is unsustainable no electricyt for u poor people in india....so CERC makes a committee to investigate and finally approves the end tariff to go high On the other end these business bought stakes in indonesian mines made JVs and some agreements blah blah. But the point is they were basically their own subsidiaries. Now when u sell an inflated electricity adn pay inflated coal price the profit is not going to indonesia it is actually going to you Adani did not stop there... in the invoice submitted they also submitted increased Power plant equipment prices. Now this is weird as all plants should be importing similar equipment right But Adani bhai made a front in Dubai to help himself. But why to over invoice just the power equipment they also massively over invoiced coal itself. All coals were also invoiced up both interms of quality and quantity. When people will pay through increased tariff then lets make moolah. By the way how does invoicing gets done so easily whel because Adani owns the fucking port itself CERC committe approved all of this even though KPMG was consulting them and in its report it showed that Adani basically owned the mine the equipment supplying co and the power plant itself. that committe had 2 prominent people Mr Deepak Parekh who was HDFC chairman and head of SBI Capital Markets Ms Arundhati Bhattacharya yes the same who went on to become SBIs chairman More links PIL about this which I am sure will go nowhere http//indianexpress.com/article/business/companies/overinvoicingbypowercompaniespilindelhihcseekssitprobeagainstfirms4842567/ DRI investigations http//www.epw.in/journal/2016/14/webexclusives/howoverinvoicingimportedcoalhasincreasedpowertariffs.html There are links in the articles itself so help urself Finally link on Australian investigations about Adanis fronts in Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands https//www.theguardian.com/world/2017/aug/16/adanimininggiantfacesfinancialclaimsasitbidsforaustraliancoalloan EDIT spelling mistakes Hate Capitalism anyone. AADHAAR Put mandatory Aadhaar linking with bank accounts on hold AIBOC The government should make it clear before the common citizens of the country that the seeding of Aadhaar is purely voluntary and not mandatory All India Bank Officers Confederation AIBOC said in a statement.. Dedigitisation of India. The failure of digitisation is the result of the Central Govts cartbeforehorse attitude to policy which does not take into account the wider context and the supportive and enabling conditions that must be met for any policy measure to succeed.: [deleted]. Linking Aadhar number to bank accounts MANDATORY says RBI. Do I have to pay Tax on winning a competition prize money: one of my friend won an online competition and he won Rs. 50000 in that. They have not transferred the money right now. but we have a doubt whether we will have to pay any tax on it he is a student. he has 3 people in his team. the rs. 50000 award is for the team and they will distribute the money. but will they have to pay any tax for it. In the hands of the Narendra Modi government economic policy has been reduced to disaster management following the wreckage caused by GST and demonetisation.. The great Indian disagreement on demonetisation GST Why economists are split. Now AAP to contest civic body elections in Ghaziabad Lucknow Varanasi other Uttar Pradesh cities: [deleted]. New petition in SC challenges RBI order for linking Aadhaar with bank a/c The Times of India. Dear Activists And Courts Can We Please Go After The Real Culprits Behind Delhis Air Pollution. AADHAAR Put mandatory Aadhaar linking with bank accounts on hold AIBOC. Jharkhand death Intensified hunger is the logical outcome of imposing Aadhaar in ration shops. Put mandatory Aadhaar linking with bank accounts on hold Bank union. The Modi government has little to show after three years of grand announcements. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action. Karnataka Govt. to ban pillions on 100cc and below bikes. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. Indian Air Force wants out of fighter program with Russia. Linking Aadhaar with bank accounts is mandatory clarifies RBI. RBI clarifies that linking Aadhaar to bank accounts is mandatory. Linking Aadhaar number to bank accounts mandatory says RBI Times of India. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. RBI clarifies that linking Aadhaar to bank accounts is mandatory. Banks question UIDAI authority under Aadhaar act write to govt and RBI. Defining Our Relationship with India for the Next Century by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. Linking Aadhaar with bank account not mandatory yet RBI reveals in RTI Moneycontrol.com. Social awareness short film on building toilets for the underprivileged / urban poor.. Errant sellers use loopholes ask for cash to evade GST Times of India. Maharashtra Farmers pay for collapse of local admin. Toxic and unregulated pesticides are killing farmers and labourers. Satyagraha against GST on handicrafts enters 4th day Times of India. why we are where we are. Pronab Sen interview Indias outlook on the future is now much more uncertain. China 11.8 Trillion Economy grows at 6.8 India 2.4 T economy grows at 5.7: [removed]. China 11.8 Trillion Economy grows at 6.8 India 2.4 economy grows at 5.7: [removed]. OddEven scheme may be back AAP government says its ready. China 11.8 Trillion Economy grows at 6.8 India 2.4 economy grows at 5.7: [deleted]. Oil minister Pradhan launches Piped Natural Gas project in Odisha. Indias reserves sufficient to cushion against external woes. Indias fuel demand up 10 in September. China 11.8 Trillion Economy grows at 6.8 India 2.4 economy grows at 5.7: [deleted]. Anila Bhagya free LPG Scheme for BPL families in Karnataka. Mumbai Safety Audit Several stations in need of desperate upgradation.. China 11.8 Trillion Economy grows at 6.8 India 2.4 economy grows at 5.7: [deleted]. Dalit Brothers in Gokarna Died After Ration Was Stopped Due to No Aadhaar Link Say Activists. RBI says linking of aadhar with bank accounts not mandatory. 6000 new distributors to boost LPGs rural reach. Deoband fatwa asks Muslims not to post photos on social media. How India Could Save Rs 532 Crore In Treating MultidrugResistant TB IndiaSpend. Can institutional safeguards prevent campus sexual harassment. Mersal in fresh row TN BJP demands removal of few scenes. WHEN YOU VISIT A LUXURY HOTEL. Shame on you Delhi: Bursting crackers with no concern for yourself or your future generation. Are you all above law to procure banned crackers and burst it like thoughtless junta . Decoding the push to link Aadhaar with mobile numbers and bank accounts. Expect Budget 2018 to be propoor antielite Ambits Saurabh Mukherjea. Kerala government to decide on nurses pay. At 2.5 million India tops list of pollutionlinked deaths Study. Pune MSRTC staff firm on stand private buses start rolling. No Aadhaar no food rations 11 stories that show the Jharkhand child death was no aberration. PSA I Do What I Do by Rajan eBook on kindle is on sale at 59 right now. [NP]. Biometric attendance must at Andhra Pradesh government offices. In the 12th year of the RTI Act things have taken a turn for the worse Jugal R Purohit. Goods taxation US v India. Muhurat Trading 2017 Samvat 2074 begins on weak note Sensex falls 194 points Times of India. TIL that in the last 20 years the population of India has grown by more than the current population of the USA.: For more perspective More than 1/5 of Children being born in the world today are being born in India Not only is USA the 3rd most populated country in the world but if it had ONE BILLION MORE people it would still be the 3rd most populated country in the worldbecause huh India and China. Picked up from a thread in r/todayilearned by u/badmother. Fact File Understanding Indias Global Hunger Index Rankings. BOOM breaks down how Indias GHI numbers were misreported and what the ranking speaks about Indias efforts in alleviating hunger.. Indias slave brides Commission for Minorities wants entry of sheikhs to be monitored. Girls from poor families are sold like commodities to the Arabs many of whom arrive in India on tourist visas.. Priests to certify age of brides in Bihar to check child marriage. The Bihar government is also proposing to make biometric identification Aadhaar mandatory for brides and grooms and ward councillors accountable if any child marriage is reported from their respective areas.. Why Telanganas Expanded Reservation To Muslims Is Not Grounded In Facts. India needs a new IAS. Jharkhand girl starvation death Family stopped getting ration 8 months ago. Three brothers died in Karnataka after being denied food rations for lack of Aadhaar say activists. The district authorities blamed the deaths on alcoholism but did not dispute that the family had not received rations for six months.. Raising a stink BMC not providing adequate facilities to treat Mumbais sewage pollution board tells HC. The board said at least 25 of the citys sewage is entering the sea directly without being treated.. Maharashtra farm loan waiver scheme Mandatory Aadhaar blocking of ghost accounts save taxpayers money. Aadhaar can be sole ID proof for voting says former CEC Krishnamurthy. At present the Election Commission allows a number of documents including passport as identity proof in the absence of voter ID card.. Bengaluru airport plans to become Indias first fully Aadhaarenabled by 2018. Aadhaarenabled entry and biometric eboarding can halve the time taken for passenger verification. Mumbai BMC demolishes illegal kabutar khana.. Whats fouling Delhis air 4 studies 4 conclusions. Aadhar Card for Superman. 9yearold Dies Waiting for Treatment at Patna AIIMS as Father Stands in Queue to Get Her Name Registered. To add to his agony the distraught man was allegedly not even provided an ambulance by AIIMS officials to ferry the body to his village.. Cant fool all the People all the Time. How worried are the hawks of RBI on growth. If Uttar Pradesh were a country. 27 children in India are married before they turn 18 says UN report The report by the United Nations Fund for Population Activities UNFPA says India continues to lag behind in protecting women from birthrelated deaths.. Photo Essay Indias Silent Emergency Malnutrition In rural Bihar poor nutrition is caused by interrelated factors like the lowintake of nutritious food lack of healthcare poor sanitation early marriage and the lack of breastfeeding.. Hunger index china moves from 47 to 29 india slides 94 to 100. State and the IT Industry in India An Overview. Absolute Decline in Employment from 2013 to 2016 In Numbers and Graphs. GST alters taxexempt status say diplomats. Watch What the new policy changes in GST means for exporters. Bank Aadhaar linking RBI never issued any order reveals RTI. You must not miss to read how this mans ITR Aadhaar and PAN card were misused to secure loans. Jharkhand PDS Minister Says Aadhaar Not Necessary for Ration Ignoring Biometric Authentication System. Why is it mandatory to link aadhar with our bank accounts: Wow just wow. For any service now do I need to link my Aadhar number Wasnt this meant to be an additional verification system and not the primary one Again for what purpose preventing fraud What about political fundings why isnt there anything to track them If preventing fraud was the reason for all this nonsense why should only the common people bear the brunt Why isnt there an uproar against this I mean I am fed up of this country and its shit now.. Diwali Cracker Ban How SC Is Setting Itself Up For Failure And Disrespect Of The Law. Where Have All the Jobs Gone. View Cracker ban a project to civilise Hindus. Axis Bank gets burnt yet again by divergence explosion. Will Incredible India 2.0 campaign be able to woo foreign travellers. Key to getting India on UN Security Council is not to touch veto says Nikki Haley. BBMP names contractors who did shoddy road job. Growth without industrialization. 5 reasons why blaming firecrackers for rising pollution in NCR is flawed. Dhanteras Dhamaal BSNL Offers Unlimited Data Calls At Unbelievable Rs 97 per month. Ahead of Diwali good news for Indian economy. Will India Start Acting Like a Global Power. Indian PM Modi Makes Pitch For Health Revolution In India Under Traditional Medicine System. New policy could give Indias often exploited domestic workers minimum wage benefits. India plans to spend Rs2000 crore to improve weather forecasting. India likely to stick to deficit target may step up bank reform says Narendra Modis adviser. Neither Constitution Nor Mindset Supports LGBTs In India Celina Jaitley. Temporary disruptive effect of GST over says economic affairs secretary Times of India. Delhi Now mohalla clinics to come up at Metro stations. Voting Aadhaar can be sole ID proof for voting ExCEC Krishnamurthy. Why do Dilliwalas Crib About Crop Fires amp Ignore their Own Polluting Ways Government air quality data and meteorological scientists confirm that Delhis air quality is very poor even without the full impact of crop burning in the neighbouring states.. Gold Biscuits For Karnataka Lawmakers Extravagant Gift Plan Sparks Row. A grand plan to celebrate 60 years of the Karnataka state assembly or Vidhana Souda by gifting gold biscuits to 300 Karnataka lawmakers has appalled many.. India spends a measly 4.4 of its GDP on health and education but believes it is splurging. RBI circular on Exchanging soiled / mutilated / defective notes. Temporary Suspension of Telecom Services Public Emergency or Public Safety Rules 2017. Why Indias stellar exports figures are both important and encouraging. Exclusive BMS President In An Article For Outlookindia Says Economic Governance Crawling With Misguided Reforms. Four months into GST transporters yet to see 30 reduction in travel time: [deleted]. Four months into GST transporters yet to see 30 reduction in travel time: [deleted]. CentreState Relations IDSA. The climate fight will be won or lost in India in 8 charts Jun2016. Modinomics is in trouble: [deleted]. Sales Drop 40 Days Ahead Of Diwali Says Traders Body. Mad Apes 50 Subs Special. Indias Digital Future. Universal Basic Income is not feasible for India. Japanese steel scandal could derail Modis bullet train project. Jan Dhan accounts keep villagers sober slow rural inflation Study. Equity mutual funds inflow triples to Rs 80000 cr in AprilSeptember FY18. Indias Biometric Identification Programme Sparks Loss Of Privacy Concerns. Women representation in India Inc up 5 this year Study. Now get ready to pay up digital cess for cyber protection. Modi government may levy cess on petrol diesel and telecom services to fund Swachh Bharat. 9 Indian Ambitious Projects That Did Us No Good. WPI inflation falls to 2.60 in September. Indias islands of excellence distract from gaps in basic learning. Kerala to become first Indian state to come out with own antirabies vaccine. India pursuing an exciting route of digital transformation IMF. Maharashtra HC notice to RSS Nagpur Municipal Corporation over building wall roads at Smruti Mandir. CryptoRuble Russia to Launch its Own CryptoCurrency Waiting for India.... POTATO PRODUCTION IN INDIA. Shaheed Gram Vikas Yojana launched in Jharkhand by Amit Shah. Safe Digital India cess Govt considers security fee for every digital payment: [deleted]. Economic recovery likely to have taken hold in Sep qtr Morgan. Indias WPI inflation eases to 2.60 percent in September. World food India poised to attract 10bn investment in food processing sector Harsimrat Kaur Badal. Krishi Upaj Rahan Loan Scheme in Rajasthan for farmers. India is on track to grow GDP 10 a year in USD over the next decade Morgan Stanley. Slowdown haunts Indian government unwilling to admit its missteps. [NP]Diwali comes to the rescue of Indias economy. Sagging Growth Complicates Indias BadDebt Clean Up. Led by Chinese nearly 600 companies line up 85 billion investments in India. GST panel to consult MSMEs in October end to further ease tax rigour. India 2017 Collective Action towards Reskilling India. Raghuram Rajan speaks on demonetisation economy and life after RBI Full text of interview. Shame on you economy. From assault to sniper rifles machine guns to carbines soldiers yet to get basic infantry weapons Times of India. Forcibly formalising economy is killing informal jobs. GST risks losing its idea of oneness. How Jan Dhan Yojana is leading to Lower Inflation and Lesser Alcoholism in India. ITBP to raise maiden mechanised column for quick deployment at China border Times of India. World focused on India like never before Yergin. Positive exports growth in 26 out of 30 major product groups in Sep. Jan Dhan accounts keep villagers sober slow rural inflation Study. The worlds fastestgrowing economy India is on track to grow GDP 10 a year in USD over the next decade. Kanpur traders are booked for posters comparing Narendra Modi with Koreas Kim Jongun Hurt by demonetisation businessmen said that the prime minister was destroying the economy.. Aadhaar Petition filed in Supreme Court challenging linking with bank account mobile phones. Six steps to job creation. India 2017 India Economic Outlook. Alcohol and Petrol are taxed higher than a luxury tax slab under GST. Inequality and What It Does to India P SAINATH. World Praising India For Reforms Like Demonetisation GST Says Arun Jaitley. India 2017 India Economic Outlook: [deleted]. India 2017 India Economic Outlook: [deleted]. SC to hear plea challenging Govt. move to link bank accounts mobiles to Aadhaar. Shashi Tharoor Education System In India 2017. Shashi Tharoor Education System In India 2017: [deleted]. Indian economy on very solid track IMF chief Lagarde. India 2017 India Economic Outlook: [deleted]. Indian economy on very solid track IMF chief Lagarde. States upset as Centre set to defer revenue payments from monthly to quarterly. India 2017 India Economic Outlook: [deleted]. Progressive UCC Draft One Marriage Divorce and Adoption Law and Dissolution of HUF. Indian economy on very solid track IMF chief Christine Lagarde. International Monetary Fund not endorsing UBI in India. Breakfast boom in restaurants spending up 56. Indian economy on very solid track IMF chief Lagarde. Aadhaar linkage Telcos use pressure tactics on users. The worlds 10 most dangerous countries. IMF suggests three structural reforms in India. AadhaarSIM linking fraud How this man lost Rs 1.3 lakh from his salary account is a big lesson for all of us. Due to technical error GSTN website issues penalty of random amounts on September returns six days before deadline for filing returns. Hard work: [deleted]. India announces 200 fellowships for scientists of 7 countries Check the list here. India must go for pollutionfree methanol Nitin Gadkari. PM Modi announces Rs 10000crore package to transform 20 Indian varsities into world class institutions: [deleted]. UP students will now write board exams under CCTVs. Indias Hunger Problem Explained Through Charts: [deleted]. Vendors vanishing as India hurtles forward. Why in India we have to pay money for using public toilets everywhere We already pay taxes and previously used to pay Swachh Bharat cess as well.: [deleted]. Centre proposes water conservation fee for use of groundwater. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy: [deleted]. GST rates on restaurants likely to be lowered in November. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy: [deleted]. Evolution Of Electric Hybrid Vehicles In India The Big change I InfoWave. Sorry Minister Saheb I Will Continue to Treat Poor Patients from Bihar or Anywhere Else. Maharashtra And Telanganas Cashless Villages Return To Cash Villagers Say It Was A Mistake. Foreign languages not to be part of 3language formula in school. Data Story North Koreas children are hungry but still better off than Indian kids We need to get our priorities straight.. We need to get our priorities straight.: [deleted]. Living in denial Economic deceleration is real. Acknowledging it is the first step to recovery. Govt under Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojna has doubled the MicroIrrigation area helping small amp marginal farmers of the nation.. Odisha ranks 3rd topmost in attracting live investments across India ASSOCHAM. India regains status of net steel exporter during September. Indian Ecommerce Market Will Touch 200 Bn Mark by 2027 Morgan Stanley. Disabled will no longer be asked to remove prosthetic limbs for security checks at airport says CISF. Madhya Pradesh govt cuts VAT on petrol and diesel. India to send 3 lakh youth to Japan for onjob training. Indias exports jump 25.7 in September 2017. Indias equity schemes among most expensive in world Morningstar study. Indias Trade Deficit Narrows to 7month Low of 8.98 billion in September. Indias Struggling Gas Supply Growing consumption puts pressure on Indias Gas market xpost /r/energy. India is now among fastestgrowing medical tourism destinations: [deleted]. India Should Prioritise Public Banking Sector Reforms IMF. India one of the worlds fastest growing economies is hungrier than even North Korea. IMF advises India to adopt Universal Basic Income. Global Hunger Index India ranks 100 among 119 countries down 45 positions since 2014. Sisodia opens library reads to kids. Aadhaar Has Saved Indian Exchequer About 9 Billion Says Nilekani. Aadhaar helped Indian govt save 9 bn Nilekani. World Bank President lauds Modis reform agenda. IMF cuts Indias GDP Demonetisation GST arent the only villains the pain has deeper roots. Airtel Broadband bill has increased after GST: The tax in my Airtel bill went up from 15 to 18 post GST. Is internet still considered a luxury in India Isnt it supposed to be a necessity with the govt. batting for digitization. 13 Ghaziabad schools told to shut shop. Real estate to come under GST Arun Jaitley sees strong case for it Council to take up issue next month. Of High Roads And Bylanes: [deleted]. Of High Roads And Bylanes Immediate and practical solutions to agrarian and employment crises are key to boosting Indias growth rate: [deleted]. One reason Indias ambitious fertiliser subsidy reforms stumbled Aadhaar authentication failures. Like solar wind power is now cheaper than coalbased electricity. [AskIndia] Chartered Accountants Taxmen can you please help verify if the claims of allowed and disallowed expenditure and grievances related to GST on the attached extract are correct: [deleted]. Govt kicks off strategic sale in seven PSUs. India 100th on global hunger index trails North Korea Bangladesh. Apple proposes govt disposes No special treatment for tech giant in India. Indian back office services posted 30 billion in FY 2017 Nasscom. India heading for another record in tea production. Indias IIP in August highest in 9 months inflation unchanged. TCS Q2 Result TCS Q2 profit rises 8.4 YoY to Rs 6446 crore revenue up 4.3. No change in IT hiring pattern say senior industry figures. Factory output jumps to 9month high in August inflation eases. Condition serious India slips 45 points in Global Hunger Index since 2014. Interoperable mobile wallets in 6 months RBI. [Breaking] Senior Designations will now require interview uniform criteria for Supreme Court all High Courts. The Modi government is dreaming of a recovery but India Inc wont spend big for two more years. Red tape kills Mumbai pilots dream to build Indias first 19seater aircraft. In Rare Move Ayurveda Expert Appointed Secretary Of AYUSH Ministry. Wind power is now cheaper than thermal and nuclear power in India. Like solar wind power is now cheaper than coalbased electricity in India. After GSTN eway bills could be another IT disaster in the making. GSTNs failure to handle the flood of GST return filings raises serious doubts about the success of the eway bill system for SMEs.. Narendra Modi PM Narendra Modi facing backlash as discontent over Indias slowdown deepens. Layoffs Are you a seniorlevel employee in an IT firm Theres bad news for you. LIVE AMA with a CA on GST. Submit your questions here. AMA closes at 9 pm IST.. IMF bats for universal basic income in India. India to send 3 lakh youth to Japan for onjob training. Now Aadhaar a must for PPF post office Kisan Vikas Patra deposits. Indias new wetland rules threaten to destroy 65 of its water bodies rather than protect them. foreign account holders Warning bells till Christmas for foreign account holders. How Indias Gig Economy Is Trapping its Workers in the Cycle of Poverty Jul2017. GMOs Are Making an Agricultural Crisis in India Even Worse. TIL Indian railway was built under the guarantee system whereby a company building the railways was guaranteed a minimum return typically 5 and an option to pull out and get compensation at any time.: Link http//www.irfca.org/faq/faqhist.html. The cost of construction was high as our authors point out partly because the companies had a guaranteed return of cost plus five per cent. They had little incentive to economize and they built carelessly and lavishly. When the work was defective they simply rebuilt. They erected stations in a grand style and provided luxury coaches for upperclass passengers. Reference Debroy Bibek Chadha Sanjay Krishnamurthi Vidya. Indian Railways The Weaving of a National Tapestry Kindle Locations 119122. Random House Publishers India Pvt. Ltd.. Kindle Edition. Off course all of the cost was being paid by East India company which still controlled India as this act was passed before the first war of independence in 1857. Railway did not come at a cheap price and perhaps any company even today would jump at an opportunity to build long term infrastructure at a guaranteed return of 5 and option to withdraw. What would the costs be if something this ambitious was tried today Edit Also in one way our generation and other generations since the independence have enjoyed the fruits of our past generations by traveling in a really cheap railway and we have robbed of our future generations by not investing in and upgrading the existing infrastructure.. SC lauds Karnataka for declaring child marriage void. Delhi Metro fare hike controversy reflects Indias growing urban transport challenge. [GST] Bloggers Now you dont require to pay GST up to Rs.20 lakh. Exclusive No respite for Indian banks as bad loans hit record 146 billion. 7.5 lakh university and college teachers to receive benefits under 7th Pay Commission Times of India. Foundation of Inflation is Fuel Price Hike says Rahul Gandhi. Power Sector Lenders see NPAs Surge Even as Piyush Goyal Defends IREDAs Loan Record. Growth in bad loans raises questions about due diligence measures followed by renewable energy power PSUs over last five years.. Nagpur Vansh Nimay claims Rs541 cr from NMC. Monstrous Indian Income Inequality An examination of Thomas Piketty and Lucas Chancels paper on inequality. Piyush Goyal Railways changes deodoriser after Piyush Goyal complains of peculiar odour. Most people in power choose nominees without any outside option because such people are willing to do anything to be reappointed. Raghuram Rajan is not one of those June2016. 20 polluting industries sealed in Gorakhpur. Direct tax collections rises 16 to 3.86 lakh crore in AprilSeptember Finance Ministry. Indias Infant Mortality Rate What The Numbers Reveal. 97 million children in India underweight figure global highest for 2016 Lancet. Bringing fuel under GST Govt on the horns of a dilemma. Direct tax collections jump 16 to Rs 3.86 lakh crore in AprilSeptember. Urgent Release Government Committee wants to bring back Section 66A of the IT Act. AMA with a Chartered Accountant CA on GST r/gstindia starts at 9 am tomorrow. Submit your question/s on GST at this link.. Smartphones made in India Manufacturing ambition hits hurdles. At the time of Demonetization in India. Use of Banned Notes.. The looming economic crisis a result of reckless policies has rattled the BJP which leads the government and the larger Sangh Parivar Frontline. Gujarat Government May Take Over Tata Adani Essar Power Plants The Wire. Traders move Supreme Court for modification of order. Insolvency Board seeks public comments on dealing with guarantors and individuals. Exclusive No respite for Indian banks as bad loans hit record 146 billion. Bombay High Court Bans Sale of Firecrackers in Residential Areas in Maharashtra. Thomas Piketty Has a Point About Indias Inequality. VVPAT slips to be counted in one booth in each seat. Indias growth downgrade a blip in much positive longterm picture IMF. indian banks No respite for Indian banks as bad loans hit record 146 billion. Indian traders choking on Modis economic medicine. On PM Modis Economic Advisory Council table today Speeding up growth and generating jobs Arvind Subramanian Chief Economic Advisor to Ministry of Finance is slated to present the state of the economy at the first meeting of the EACPM chaired by NITI Aayog member Bibek Debroy.. Visa digitises major government service payments in Andhra Pradesh to make Vizag a lesscash city. Indian economy on a stronger track Jaitley. After NSUI now ABVP also joins AAP to protest against Delhi Metro fare hike. Bihar Hospital Makes Aadhaar Mandatory For Patients. Mukesh Ambanis 25bn bet is a severe headache for other telecoms firms The Economist. While Modi govt remains upbeat about AI UN warns about its destabilising effects. Urban unemployment rises to 8.2 hits 11month high. NDTVs Nationwide Survey Diwali Sales Down 36. Diwali 2017 Bombay HC says No to firecracker sale in residential areas. Firecracker ban spreading like fire After SC now Bombay High Court says no sale in residential areas: [deleted]. Mastercard lab to help India on inclusive digital economy goal. Exclusive No respite for Indian banks as bad loans hit record 146 billion. Need help Company where I got placed in college not offering what they promised.: I completed my BTech in IT from NIT x I got a job in an IT company providing travel servicescompany had been there for 810 yrs not a recent startup at 12lpa. They gave me a joining date of 18 July 2017 that was 2 month after I pass out from college. Then when finally the time came they postponed it to 1 November saying we are having some changes in the company and we are shifting it to November. The HR told me that we will surely take you then no worries. I waited for the upcoming months and then in october he suddenly calls me says we have an opening and we will be taking you. I got happy and thought finally the day has come. Then after few days they sent me another offer letterearlier one said joining as SDE at 12lpa but now the company says you will be joining as Software Intern at 25k per month. Can anyone help me with what i can do in this case. Has anyone encountered similar problem. Any suggestion would be appreciated.. IMF lowers Indias growth projection attributes it to demonetisation GST. Indian banks sour loans hit a record 9.5 trillion rupees 145.56 billion at the end of June unpublished data shows suggesting Asias thirdlargest economy is no nearer to bringing its bad debt problems under control.. Indians Were the Worlds Most Confident Consumers. Then Their Cash Disappeared Bloomberg. As long as its just a bunch of men building toilets Indias sanitation mission will fail. Expect layoffs in IT companies as job market to shrink in the next two quarters Survey. How Modi CherryPicked Data To Build A Positive Narrative On The Economy: [deleted]. Gujarat cuts VAT on petrol diesel by 4. Indias methane emissions under control. 30 seconds of silence likely on flights carrying soldiers bodies. Affordable housing sees 27 growth in JanSep17. Uttar Pradesh cabinet gives nod to digitalisation of land maps in 70 districts. Bold Reforms Have put India Firmly on Growth Path OPEC. How much Currency is in circulation now. Indias transition to GST fairly smooth despite attempts to derail it Jaitley. IT hiring pace to slow down shows survey. Gujarat VAT on Petrol Gujarat slashes VAT on fuel prices by 4. GST Council to rank companies on tax payment track record. 7th Pay Commission Govt hikes dress allowance for diplomats SPG officers. International Tracked Packet service launched on World Post Day. India Post launches eIPOs on trail basis. India Post to set up 650 payment banks. Why is Centre insisting on hiking Delhi Metro fares. [P] Note Ban Vs Crackers Ban: [deleted]. How RBIs NPA resolution is making India fairer and less corrupt. Indian states with higher GDP than the national Average: [deleted]. India is more unequal today according to Lucas Chancel amp Thomas Piketty than at any time since the British Raj Mint. Plan for 44 economic corridors likely to get cabinet nod soon. Bids invited for 9 national highways by NHAI. Monster Employment Index India sees 15 growth in September led by festive growth. India is said to plan domestic sale of pulses to prevent rotting. From Farms to Factories India Facing a Risky Drop in Demand. South Asias Slowdown Glitch or Longterm Trend: [deleted]. How Tamil Nadu became the State with the highest tax on a movie ticket. SCs constitution bench to hear six matters tomorrow. Human Rights body issues notice to Maharashtra govt Agriculture Ministry over farmers plight. Bihar population growth shows rising trend in 2016 contraception use drops Latest survey data points at a digressing trend compared to national average. The great Indian construction slowdown. Home Credit Finance India looks to grow white goods financing. Mizoram government to promote indigenous products. Intensified Mission Indradhanush launched in Nagaland. Narendra Modis development economics is making India grow faster than China. Indian airports need to treble airport capacity in 10 years capex to reach Rs 2.4 lakh crore. Gear up for Make In India Diwali ASSOCHAM says Chinese goods sale may drop 45 this year. Bihar population growth shows rising trend in 2016 contraception use drops Latest survey data points at a digressing trend compared to national average: [deleted]. Indias Sand Mafia The Dark Secrets of Indias Booming Construction Industry. US Richard Thaler wins 2017 Nobel Prize for Economics. No need to panic no time for complacency. Car sales grow 7 passenger vehicles up 11 in September. Indias great leap into services. Slowing economy pushes India to 8th spot in valuable nation brand list. Indian economy From policy paralysis to investment paralysis. Lack of Basic Facilities Underpaid and Overworked Workers Plague Rajasthans Anganwadis. No firecrackers this Diwali as Supreme Court restores ban on sale in DelhiNCR. 93 lakh truckers launch twoday strike against GST. Mumbai A city brought to its knees by the burden of its success. EPFO Will Give You Returns In MFlike Units. Indian economy From policy paralysis to investment paralysis. RBI is demolishing the walls that divide Indias ewallet companies. New threshold for gold transactions will be provided soon. India Needs to Open Its Wallet. Aadhaar Twitter and strong opinions loosely held. We have to deal with complexity and for that we need space. AC restaurants catch GST chill. How may Einstein have thought of God and Aadhaar. GST Council sets up panel to rework GST rate for restaurants. GST shuts lights off traders Diwali. Shopkeepers wholesalers say profit margin has come down compared to previous years.. UP cabinet okays draft Aadhaar Bill sops for schoolchildren. Activist writes to Centre against Aadhaar linkage. Signs of upturn in second half economic growth may exceed 7 RBI guv. Reserve Bank of India governor Urjit Patel is of the opinion that central bank will support growth but not at the cost of inflation.. Tamil Nadus share of renewable energy in its total energy mix hit 20 TheHindu. India Rises Faster Than China Forbes. RBI surveys show general economy in a pessimistic zone jobs big worry. Government to invest Rs 15000 crore in strategically important Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Why is the Supreme Court not allowing the Aadhaar card to be made mandatory. Half of SC Judges havent made assets public 10 years after resolution. Five Benefits Of PPF EPF Accounts You May Not Be Aware Of. 90 Lakh Truckers Begin Indiawide Chakka Jam Against GST Extortion at Toll Booths. Why the Indian government is courting foreign junkfood makers. AMA with a Chartered Accountant CA on GST r/gstindia. Prices May Be Hit As Truckers Start 2Day Strike Demanding GST On Diesel. NHAI plans system to detect accidents jams. Indian economy From policy paralysis to investment paralysis. RBI surveys show general economy in pessimistic zone jobs big worry. Maharashtra To shame women defecating in open Solapur Zilla Parishad CEO felicitated them by garlanding. RBI governor Urjit Patel Visible signs of growth in second half. Who stands to benefit from simultaneous elections. Govt. aims to cover 90 kids under vaccination till 2018 Health Minister JPNadda in Vadnagar. India drops a rank is eighth most valuable nation brand. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy. For Sikkim farmers organic farming is gradually becoming a bitter fruit. Should we consider unsecured loans corruption: This is a very tricky area. On one hand different investors have different levels of risk tolerance and we want to allow them to invest at all levels e.g. venture capitalists make bets on startups with pretty much nothing to go on except perhaps liking the idea or the team. On the other hand unsecured loans and equity have become an incredibly convenient way to bribe politicians in India. The mechanism is simple it starts with an unsecured loan to or purchased equity in a company run by the relative of someone influential in return for some favour. The transactions are all over the table. What makes this transaction illegitimate is that the lender doesnt actually give a shit about how well the company uses the money and does no due diligence. The guy running the company can blow the money on a Ferarri for himself and call it a business expense... but that is amateurish. Someone smarter would be more likely to do something less ostentatious like buying a large volume of diversified commodities at slightlyhigherthanmarket rates from a diversified group of associates essentially draining out the original bribe in lots of different transactions. If the loan/investment was legitimate the lender/investor would try to put in some effort to put mechanisms in place to prevent things like this from happening like external audits or put some people they trust as overseers but if it was a bribe then would have no need to do so except for show. Ive heard stories about things like this happening even in legitimate companies. For e.g. in a startup that got 10s of millions of dollars in VC funding the guy was hiring his friends and relatives as consultants and contractors and paying them way more like 5x more than market rates and was racking up huge losses at the investors expense and fudging performance numbers to make the rising costs seem worth it. And this is a story from a real startup in Germany. Eventually the investors got wind of it and kicked out that CEO and his team and got a new guy in. Now imagine the situation in India when something like this happens but the lender or investor doesnt actually care about the investment because the investment is actually a bribe so they essentially write it off mentally as soon as the money leaves their hand. The company owner has massive discretionary powers in deciding how to spend the money and can easily funnel it to other businesses through legitimate channels without arousing much suspicion if he is not stupid. Lets say you were transferring the money by paying 5 above market price for a huge amount of lentils from an associate of yours who is playing the same game and then selling it for 5 below the market price to someone else it will be too small a difference to arouse any suspicion and the only proof that remains will be an abnormally large revenue stream that gets generated but with no profit or a modest loss to show for it. You can then declare the company bankrupt and never pay off the loan. It never reaches any kind of court since the lender/investor will not make a fuss. There is really no mechanism that can effectively prevent this kind of laundering. How do we reconcile the legitimate and illegitimate uses of unsecured loans and equity with cases like this Banning unsecured loans above a certain amount seems like a wrong step it will hamper ease of credit and it does nothing about cases where equity is used as the bribe. You cant ban venture capital at a time when India needs it most. But if things continue the way they are it seems that VC backed startups are going to become the next big money laundering and bribe collection technique in India and all the shady middlemen of yore will rebrand themselves angel investors investing in companies run by the children of politicians and bureaucrats. . Interesting facts of South India: [deleted]. Indian Railway to Create 10 Lakh Jobs Per Year. Nobody outside India calls 5.7 growth a slowdown EC chief Juncker. RBI to soon launch financial literacy drive in 9 states. The mantra to fix Indias jobs crisis collaborate collaborate collaborate: [deleted]. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy To respond to the governments ambitious reform agenda and a slew of highprofile initiatives how will the Indian bureaucracy transform itself to translate this vision into action: [deleted]. India has to grow faster running against time FM Arun Jaitley. Indian Railways puts an end to VIP culture. Niti Aayog India needs large lithiumion battery plants for electric vehicles push. Economy Is Too Serious A Subject To Be Left To Economists Alone Says Jitendra Singh. Shun luxurious saloons travel in sleeper 3AC Rail ministry asks top officials. KIA to become Indias first fully Aadhaarenabled airport by 2018. Tourism ministry plans image makeover abandon stereotypes. Kangras cup of tea is losing its aroma. Latest GST relief to benefit startups and small and medium businesses. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy: [deleted]. India 2017 Reengineering Bureaucracy: [deleted]. India Nobody outside India calls 5.7 per cent growth a slowdown European Commission. India Nobody outside India calls 5.7 per cent growth a slowdown European Commission. Uttar Pradesh Government to Set up 5000 English Medium Primary Schools. Devalue rupee or provide stimulus India faces difficult choices in bid to boost growth. Raghuram Rajan among probables for Nobel Prize for economics The Wall Street Journal. Walk The Talk With Father Of Indian Green Revolution. Beti Bachao Beti Padhao led to improvement in sex ratio at birth. Hajj subsidy to be abolished gradually Centre. GST payment Over 40 business entities make zero GST payment. Unhappy with new GST measures Surat textile traders The Indian Express. Fuel prices in India twice that of Singapore benchmark Moodys. What India can teach the world about sustainability. Raghuram Rajan among probables for Nobel Prize for economics The Wall Street Journal Times of India. [GST] Petrol Pump Owners Call For OneDay Nationwide Strike. The Centres draft RTI rules contain several flaws and the Govt would do well to heed the concerns of critics Frontline. Why India is dredging rivers in Bangladesh. Draft Haj Policy Proposes Abolishing Haj Subsidy. India Plans to Achieve Full Immunisation by 2018 Instead of 2020 Begins Acceleration This Week. [GST] Does eCommerce and OIDAR services below 20L/year still require GST registration: Yesterday GST Council stated the following Exemption from registration for service providers making interstate supply of services up to Rs. 20 lacs Rs. 10 lacs in special category States except JampK Source https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/916338292160790528. Job Loss Is A Good Sign Says Railway Minister Piyush Goyal. Raghuram Rajan Among Probables For Nobel Prize In Economics Clarivate Says. Its official Goa falls short of 22 in tax collection. After the big banknotes have been banned what are the effects on India self.india: India banned the 500 and 1000 Rupee banknotes last year what are the effects Were the citizens able to exchange their banknotes and is everyone able to have a bank account And what were the effects on the people with huge amounts of undeclared money. Raghuram Rajan Nobel for Raghuram Rajan Former RBI guvs name in list of worthies. India to invest Rs150b in strategically important Andamans. New GST Recommendations Relief for Freelancers and Small amp Medium enterprises. Is Raghuram Rajan in the race to win the Nobel prize for economics. State unlikely to reduce tax on petrol and diesel. Indias Demographic Divide May Just Lead To Creating Its Very Own White Walker Army. Rising unemployment will have fall outs that threaten more than the economy.. The mantra to fix Indias jobs crisis collaborate collaborate collaborate. What Is The Way Out Of Indias Bad Loans Crisis. GST decisions means Diwali has come early for us PM Narendra Modi. Mudi Khakra. Indias prime minister is attacked from an unexpected quarter being blamed for a slumping economy. Do freelancer providing export services with turnover gt 20 lacs amp not taking ITC need to register for GST: As per yesterdays GST council meet what I gather is exporters with income lt 20L are exempted from GST. Does it mean those with income greater than 20L still need registration and furnish LUT For Jul to Sep is 18 IGST still applicable and need to provide LUT if we dont want to pay this amount What does 0.1 GST for exporters Oct onwards mean. Fuel prices in India twice that of Singapore benchmark Moodys: [deleted]. Indias 5.7 GDP growth not a slowdown European Commission chief. 60 Is Indias Fastest Growing Demographic. Yet Public Policy Largely Ignores The Elderly. No PAN Aadhaar details for jewellery above Rs 50000 GST council. Piyush Goyal says job losses is a good sign for economy EconomicTimes: [removed]. Indian states cant get into what tourists eat drink NITI Aayog CEO. GST Council reduces tax rates on 27 goods. Full list of what got cheaper. Activist writes to Centre against Aadhaar linkage. Constituition Episode 6 AntiDefection Homework Thread: Hello /r/India This is one of those episodes that covers a subject that is crucial to understanding how our democracy works. We explain how the party leaders impose their will on MPs through the Antidefection law. [ Link to full episode]https//youtu.be/vTkgHo5bBQE AntiDefection law does two simple things 1 Elected representative MPs amp MLAs cannot defect from political parties after getting elected. 2 Elected representative MPs amp MLAs cannot vote against the orders of party high command. The second part effectively hands over all power of lawmaking to just a handful of people right now literally EIGHT people. We thought this was something that needs to be brought in no uncertain terms so we cover that in this episode. Homework This time the homework is simple. Do what the internet does best FIGHT. Tell us if you want an antidefection law in place or not. Share your views using AntiDefection on other SM platforms or leave comments here. This is something that requires a LOT of debate amp we simply dont have enough people talking about it. Hope you enjoy this episode. Cheers Meghnad/Kumbhakaran. Relief for jewellers as govt puts them out of PMLA The notification includes any dealer of precious metals or stones with a turnover of Rs 2 crore or more in a financial year.. Rampant poverty is the biggest and most pressing issue facing our country. Never forget it.: Do not praise intent. Praise action. Praise results.. PAN Aadhaar Not Needed to Buy Gold and Jewellery Over Rs 50000. UP cabinet okays draft Aadhaar Bill sops for schoolchildren. The state cabinet approved draft of the Uttar Pradesh Aadhaar Bill 2017 to enact a new law making Aadhaar card mandatory for direct benefit transfer of any government funds to beneficiaries.: [deleted]. Activist writes to Centre against Aadhaar linkage: [deleted]. Mumbai Telcos harassing customers over linking mobile number to Aadhaar: [deleted]. In new Aadhaar fraud conmen loot bank accounts using UPI. The police in Delhi and the neighbouring areas of Noida have registered at least 30 complaints regarding these fraudulent cases reports Scroll.in.. Aadhaar mandatory for PPF NSC Kisan Vikas Patra. Now in Pune you wont get death certificate without Aadhaar number. Adobe integrates Aadhaar KYC for pushing esignatures where it cannot be used. Googles Sundar Pichai Says Aadhaar Requires Checks and Balances. Sophisticated Aadhaarrelated bank fraud has left police in Delhi and Noida baffled. The con involves the fraudulent withdrawal of money from bank accounts of victims with the help of a SIM card Aadhaar and the United Payments Interface.: [deleted]. Himachal Pradesh JampK most proactive states in adopting new education initiatives. Centres Doklam boast under cloud. Odisha exempts fees for differently abled students. Govt Tweaks GST Formula Here are the Five Key Takeaways. First fix the banks. Aadhaar now a must for post office deposits PPF NSC KVP. Taiwan will grant visafree entry to Indians and Filipinos. [Economy] India jobs The signs point to a bleak outlook for employment. Isnt the GST compensation cess supposed to be a temporary cess to compensate the states for a certain amount of time What happens when that time period passes: Does the cess get removed therefore reducing the price of the goods the cess was levied on. Big relief for Indian freelancers from GST hassles: Due to GST rules Indian freelancers were required to get them registered if they handle with clients outside of their state or outside of India Mandatory registration for IGST supplies/services even though their revenue is lesser than Rs.20 Lakhs per year. Today GST council provided exemption to the businesses even they comes under IGST related supplies/services if their revenue is less than Rs.20 lakhs. GST filing is reduced to quarterly basis for businesses having turn over less than Rs.1.5 crore. Source https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/916338292160790528. T N Ninan A tale of two countries [Full text in comments]. What do the GST changes today mean for online freelancers earning less than 20L: Earlier I think the rules were Assuming income less than 20L or 10L in some states if intrastate only no need to register inter state and maybe exports registration required regardless of amount earned Today I just read that IGST exempt till 20L. What does this mean do we have to register in case of exports References http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/60974828.cms gtService providers with revenue below Rs 20 lakh have been exempted from iGST as well. EDIT Add another reference [Press releaseRecommendations made by the GST Council in the 22nd meeting at New Delhi on 6th October 2017]http//www.cbec.gov.in/resources//htdocscbec/gst/20171006PressRelease22ndGSTCMeeting.pdf gt Presently anyone making interstate taxable supplies except interState job worker is compulsorily required to register irrespective of turnover. It has now been decided to exempt those service providers whose annual aggregate turnover is less than Rs. 20 lacs Rs. 10 lacs in special category states except J amp K from obtaining registration even if they are making interState taxable supplies of services. This measure is expected to significantly reduce the compliance cost of small service providers. . No PAN card required for jewellery purchase of over Rs 50000 but for small savings schemes one must link Aadhaar. GST on Khakhra reduced from 12 to 5 Arun Jaitley. Last year Govt did clusterfuck of notebandi to fight black money amp destroyed economy. A year later removes 50k limit on gold purchase considered as black money heaven in India.. Nobody outside India calls 5.7 per cent growth a slowdown European Commission. Andhra Bank Syndicate Bank customers lose lakhs to Aadhaar fraud. Shell companies 5800 firms being probed for money laundering. 90 of the assesses who have turnover less than Rs 1.5 Cr turnover to file quarterly returns Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. GST Council meet LIVE SMEs with an annual turnover of Rs 1.5 cr can file quarterly returns Live updates as the GST Council sits down to debate changes to the tax reform.. Job cuts worry Mittal Goyal unfazed. Former US chief data scientist D J Patil on data sciences relevance Aadhaar and the importance of ethics: [removed]. Indias Shock Therapy Has Some Serious Side Effects Bloomberg: https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20170914/indiasshocktherapyhassomeserioussideeffects gt The governments cash ban and a tax overhaul will depress growth this year with foreign investors pulling 1.7 billion out of Indian equities in August. gt ... Data released on Aug. 31 show that growth slowed to a rate of 5.7 percent in the three months ended June 30 from 7.9 percent a year earlier the weakest pace since 2014... In response Morgan Stanley UBS Group AG and other investment banks have pared their forecasts for the 2018 fiscal year which ends on March 31. Foreign investors pulled 1.7 billion out of Indian stocks in August the biggest outflow in 2017 underscoring the change in sentiment ... gt The [demonetization] policy was implemented in a rush The announcement came on Nov. 8 giving Indians just four hours before their cash became worthless. Moreover the government had not ensured a large enough supply of the new notes which set off a scramble. gt Former U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Lawrence Summers was one of the many prominent economists who criticized demonetization. Manmohan Singh who served as Indias prime minister from 2004 to 2014 reckoned it could strip as much as 2 percentage points off economic growth. gt ... The pace of growth in private consumption which had been driving the economy fell to 6.7 percent in the AprilJune period from 8.4 percent a year earlier while investment has stalled. gt ... Domestic investors havent lost faith in Modis ability to stoke growth. Indias benchmark stock index is up about 20 percent this year making it one of the worlds best performers buoyed by record local inflows into stock mutual funds. gt Kaushik Basu an economics professor at Cornell University who was previously the World Banks chief economist and a top adviser to the Indian government believes Modis administration should go one step further and acknowledge that it bungled demonetization.... 98 days of GST How Council have changed business rules since July 1 rollout. PM Modi to ease burden on small firms. It is time for a Free Trade Agreement between India and the European Union says President of the European Commission JeanClaude Juncker [European Commission] xpost r/europeanunion. Desh Ke Liye Modi Ka Diwali Gift. Wow Indian Railways rolls out first 100 Make in India LHB coaches that enhance passengers safety. As Indias Economy Slows Net Worth of Wealthiest 100 Goes Up By 26. India needs a good forest policy not just a wildlife plan. Indias challenge is how to use big data for better governance. India will overtake China in popln and with very different age distributions DataViz by AronStrandberg: [deleted]. Making a case for barcoded currency notes [P]. India will overtake China in popln and with very different age distributions DataViz by AronStrandberg: [deleted]. Never share personal details on phone IT minister responds to Scroll.in report on Aadhaar fraud. Suicides of nearly 60000 Indian farmers linked to climate change study published in PNAS journal claims The Guardian: https//www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/jul/31/suicidesofnearly60000indianfarmerslinkedtoclimatechangestudyclaims gt Rising temperatures and the resultant stress on Indias agricultural sector may have contributed to increase in suicides over the past 30 years research shows gt... Illustrating the extreme sensitivity of the Indian agricultural industry to spikes in temperature the study from the University of California Berkeley found an increase of just 1C on an average day during the growing season was associated with 67 more suicides. gt... Temperature increases outside the growing season showed no significant impact on suicide rates suggesting stress on the agriculture industry was the source of the increase in suicides. gt... Without interventions that help families adapt to a warmer climate its likely we will see a rising number of lives lost to suicide as climate change worsens in India researcher Carleton said... The tragedy is unfolding today she said. This is not a problem for future generations. This is our problem right now. PNAS study [here] http//www.pnas.org/content/114/33/8746 restrictedaccess and Phys.org story [here] https//phys.org/news/201707farmersuicidesindiaclimate.html and UC Berkeley story [here] http//news.berkeley.edu/2017/07/31/studyclimatechangealreadycausingsuicidesinindiaascropsfail/. Indias Trade Partners atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/ind/. GST Is Going To Have A Positive Impact On Indian Economy World Bank. Rajasthan role model for green buildings in India Rajpal Singh Shekhawat. Drugs may soon have to list exfactory price. Can India Capitalise on Chinas Shift Away from LowEnd Manufacturing. RBI survey finds consumer confidence at lowest point in last three years. SEBI suggests slew of corporate reforms wants separate roles for chairman and MD: [deleted]. NSE to extend trade in gold ETFs sovereign gold bond on Dhanteras. Modi Must Take Blame for Indias Jobs Crisis. RBI To Allow Funds Transfer Among Mobile Wallets. If Modi is right on GDP growth then is the Reserve Bank wrong. India Needs 20 Medical Colleges Like Harvard Stanford WHO Scientist Soumya Swaminathan. Soumya Swaminathan who has been appointed as Deputy Director General of the World Health Organisation WHO said TB will be a high priority for WHO as its the top killer among infectious diseases.. Mumbai Civic school students and teachers get lessons in disaster management. India should avoid bigger US strategic game Karzai. Countries Are Getting Better At Preventing FloodRelated Deaths. Not India.. Is Indias macro magic fading. A learning crisis in the developing world. The failure of children to achieve minimum proficiency levels despite attending school is an economic and ethical crisis: [deleted]. Indian services activity returns to growth in September PMI. Uday Kotakled SEBI committee submits report suggests split in Chairman MD roles. Ratings upgrades for India Inc trump downgrades this fiscal: [deleted]. Income Tax Slab in India for this year.. Indias economic slowdown an aberration World Bank. The Reality of Indias Rising GDP Numbers The new method of calculating GDP is debatable given that GDP numbers seem in conflict with other economic indicators. Amid the confusion economists are devising new ways to gauge growth.. Booster shot for economy GST rates to be cut on 60 goods and services.. Indias economic slowdown an aberration World Bank: [deleted]. Foreign Reserves The treasure chest the government can use for investment. Charts Cash Remains King But Indian Payments Surge through NEFT IMPS and Mobile Banking Capitalmind. Job cuts worry Mittal Goyal unfazed[P]. Indias Service Sector Returns To Growth In September. Mirror Now Aadhar linking to bank and phone not mandatory as of now. RBI may not find Modis powerpoint presentation on growth convincing enough. India maintains doubledigit growth in air traffic for 36th straight month. Indias economic slowdown an aberration World Bank. India has the potential to become a global food factory says Badal. Jan Gan Man Ki Baat Episode 130 Modis Speech on Economy and Attack on Journalists. Demolitions Evictions and Toilets for Show How Indore Won Swachh Bharats Top Rank. Sophisticated Aadhaarrelated bank fraud has left police in Delhi and Noida baffled. Cartoon today by Sanjay Adhwaryu: https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DLWlZc3UQAUVZtT.jpg. Did Karti Chidambaram Travel to London to Close his Bank Accounts. Nearly 150000 jobs at risk due to financial strain on telcos. Indias rich get richer Mukesh Ambani retains top slot Forbes: http//indianexpress.com/article/business/businessothers/indiasrichgetrichermukeshambaniretainstopslotforbeslist20174875534/ Forbes story [here]http//www.forbesindia.com/article/indiarichlist2017/indiarichlist2017mukeshambanicementsdecadelongholdatthetop/48333/1 and full India Rich List 2017 [here]http//www.forbesindia.com/lists/indiarichlist2017/1655/all gt ... Forbes said PM Modis economic experiments barely affected Indias billionaires while none gained more than oilandgas tycoon Mukesh Ambani who cemented his decadelong hold on the top slot by adding a staggering 15.3 billion 67 per cent to his last years wealth to become one of Asias top five richest. gt... Patanjali Ayurveds Acharya Balkrishna known as a close associate of yoga guru Ramdev made a big jump from 48th place last year to 19th now with a net worth of 6.55 billion about Rs 43000 crore. gt... More than fourfifths of those who kept their spot on the list from last year saw their wealth rise with 27 listees adding 1 billion or more to their net worth.. [Policy] Cash transfers instead of food rations is a bad idea. The dark side of Indian politics Why many Indian politicians have a criminal record Economist: https//www.economist.com/news/booksandarts/21716019penchantcriminalityelectoralassetindiaworldsbiggest The Economists story on book When Crime Pays Money and Muscle in Indian Politics written by Milan Vaishnav [Twitter account]https//twitter.com/MilanV of Carnegie Endowment for International Peace published by Yale University Press gt ... Indian politicians who have been charged with or convicted of serious misdeeds are three times as likely to win parliamentary elections as those who have not... gt ... Mr Vaishnav dissects both the reasons why the goons want to get elected and why the electorate seems to be so fond of them ... What is more surprising is that the supply of willing criminalscumpoliticians was met with eager demand from voters. Over the past three general elections a candidate with a rap sheet of serious charges has had an 18 chance of winning his or her race compared with 6 for a clean rival... If anything the more serious the charge the bigger the electoral boost as politicians well know... gt ... As so often happens in India poverty plays a part. India is almost unique in having adopted universal suffrage while it was still very poor. The upshot has been that underdeveloped institutions fail to deliver what citizens vote for... gt ... Political parties along with woefully inadequate campaignfinance rules have helped the rise of the thugcandidate... gt ... The prime minister Narendra Modi has pledged to clean up the system for example by recently scrapping largedenomination bank notes which he thinks contribute to corruption. One presumes that the 13 alleged lawbreaking MPs he appointed to his first cabinet eight of them facing serious criminal charges all supported the move... . Indian Railways ecosystem can create a million jobs in 12 months Piyush Goyal. Narendra Modi speech PMs data is impressive but its selective and fails to answer tough questions. The Modi government talks big but it has left India worse off.: http//www.thedartmouth.com/article/2017/10/zehnermodioperandi gt ...The BJPs reforms have not gone far enough the economy is not growing as quickly as expected and the country is increasingly being divided along ethnoreligious lines. gt... The now infamous demonetization of the 500 and 1000 rupee notes over the course of a single night to weed out black money in 2016 also produced mediocre results. Not only did it fail to exhume the black money with around 99 percent of the canceled banknotes returned to banks it also led to an extended cashshortage crisis eliminating 86 percent of the countrys cash supply and badly damaged the agriculture sector... And despite Modis efforts with the Make in India campaign and the GST India still ranks a paltry 130th in the Ease of Doing Business rankings. gt... Outside the realms of economics instances of civil liberty abuses have become more widespread under Modis watch. According to the Software Freedom Law Center between January and August of this year Indian government officials mandated internet shutdowns 42 times. This is up from six shutdowns in the entirety of 2014 Modis first year in power. The 2017 India Freedom Report noted 54 reported attacks on journalists the banning of three news channels and 45 sedition cases between January 2016 and April 2017. gt... During his premiership thus far Modi has been more bark than bite. He has promised sweeping reforms that would see India become a dominant economic power and a thoroughly united country. Though he has seen some successes Modis reforms have on the whole done little to benefit India. Much of the growth that has taken place during his tenure can be attributed to windfall from the drop in global oil prices benefiting oilimporting countries like India.. India Rich List 2017 Mukesh Ambani cements decadelong hold at the top Forbes India. Services activity returns to growth in September on stronger demand. Railway Ministry asks top officials to shun firstclass AC and travel in sleeper coach. Government may hike import duty on wheat to 2025 per cent. BHIM app will give India the digital push it needs Piyush Goyal at WEF. India services activity returns to growth in September on stronger demand PMI. Aadhaar officials part of private firms that use Aadhaar services for profit. HNIs Inheritance tax on HNIs likely to be reintroduced. A learning crisis in the developing world: [deleted]. The impact of excise duty cut on petrol diesel. RBI guidelines will allow transfer money among different wallets coming soon. RBI says no to economic stimulus. Indias wind power tariff falls to a record low of Rs 2.64 per unit. What are some factors you consider while buying property Here is our list of things to consider propbuying. Why more American CEOs are betting big on India. Smriti Irani favours facilitating constructive communication in digital world. Do you know the fact Instead of buying Royal Enfield bike in 2010 for Rs 55000 if you had invested that amount in that company then the current worth of money would be more than a crore Rupees.. Bond bulls relish India as best story after September selloff. Homeopathy Practitioners can now practice Modern Medicine in Maharashtra. My selection is evidence that India has bigger presence in world health Soumya Swaminathan. GST is hurting usedcar business. RBI says no to economic stimulus Livemint. Siddaramaiah master of a dozen surplus budgets Dr Manmohan Singh. Oil shipment a significant milestone in IndiaUS partnership. RBI forecasts growth acceleration in coming quarters. Linking Aadhaar to mobile and bank accounts is illegal. Here is what you can do if you are forced. Narendra Modi mocks critics says GST Council to review bottlenecks and technological hindrances. Buried In Mud Rajasthan Farmers Protest Over Land Compensation. Bihar A Stakeholder We Need This Nitish Kumar Writes To Piyush Goyal. Bihar is an important stakeholder in the 2.6 billion dollar deal with General Electric or GE to make diesel locomotives is concerned about loss of investments Bihar CM Nitish Kumar told Railways Minister Piyush Goyal. Narendra Modi hits out at slowdown critics says GDP hasnt fallen for first time. Trying to import a gift a tshirt worth 18 through Fedex costs me INR 1000 in customs duty: How is this even legal. This is beyond retarded. The shipper paid for the shipping charges 5 but to receive the shirt I apparently need to pay over 1000 rupees which is the value of the shirt itself. Petrol Prices How duty cut on your fuel has put Modi government in a very tight spot. How duty cut on your fuel has put Modi government in a very tight spot: [deleted]. Per capita rice production and consumption of top 7 rice producing states. Reviving growth To solve jobs mess boost entrepreneurship by easing processes to start up shut down. RBI lowers growth forecast to 6.7 keeps repo rate unchanged at 6. New project announcements decline sharply CMIE. WION Special Depleting ground water in India 60 of Indian Aquifers To Be Depleted by 2030. Crackdown on Muslimrun leather units dents exports hits jobs. Oil minister urges states to cut VAT on petrol diesel by 5. RBI on GST Adverse impact on manufacturing may delay investment revival. The manufacturing sector the dominant component of industrial GVA grew by 1.2 the lowest in the last 20 quarters RBI RBIPolicy. Crackdown on Muslimrun leather units dents exports hits jobs. Indias renewables to double by 2022 overtake EU expansion. Indias credit rating held back by relatively low fiscal strength compared to peers William Foster Moodys. India emerging economies can attract billions of dollars for solar wind power. Indias infrastructure output grows 4.9 in August Govt.. As Asia drives ahead on innovation highway India sputters. Uniquely Indian problems Why India is now detached from the world sitting out the global recovery in growth and jobs. Why India stands out as sore thumb on job front. Indias manufacturing sector picking up the pieces after GST kicks in. CWC Sign MoU With IIT Roorkee And MNNIT Allahabad To Support Dam Rehabilitation Efforts. GST antiprofiteering body Govt to examine contours tomorrow. India Incs output expands in September. The compliance headache that GST is...: Just got a mail from my CA reminding me of important dates for this month 07.10.17 TDS/ TCS Challan 07.10.17 ADT1 with ROC if auditor is appointed or reappointed other than ratification in AGM held on 30.09.2017 10.10.17 GSTR1 for the month of July17. 15.10.17 TCS Return 15.10.17 ESI amp PF for the month of Sept17 pl note that ESI also to be deposited by 15th every mth wef. July17 18.10.17 Quarterly Return for Composition Dealers under GST. 20.10.17 GSTR 3B for the month September. 29.10.17 AOC 4 with ROC if AGM date is 30.09.2017 31.10.17 TDS Return for Sept17 Qtr 31.10.17 Income Tax Audit Cases amp Returns of specified persons 31.10.17 GSTR2 for the month of July. 31.10.17 TRAN1 All startups should register at singapore/us if they can. This shit isnt worth it.. Indias ambitious new plan to conquer TB needs cash and commitment. RBI to start printing new Rs 100 currency notes from April 2018. Aadhaar To Help Catch Money Launderers Fake Bank Accounts Says Government. Law and IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said 60 lakh bank accounts have been linked to Aadhaar.. Bhopal CBSE makes aadhaar mandatory for students to register for exams. Government to audit and inspect all Aadhaar enrolment centres. Why Maharashtra schools hate to reveal students Aadhaar numbers. Indias main challenge will be finding jobs amid automation. How deep is Indias economic mess. Reviving Indias economy. The Curious Case of the World Bank and Aadhaar Savings. Strategy to revitalize PPPs in India The Asian Development Bank in its report titled Meeting Asias Infrastructure Needs has estimated that 4.36 trillion is needed to fix Indias infrastructure deficit by 2030.. Jio phone goes free asking people their views. Should India hold 400 billion of forex reserves. Just 800 startups launched in 2017 so far compared to 6000 in 2016. Govt Cuts Excise Duty on Petrol Diesel by Rs 2 Per Litre From Tomorrow. Core sector growth climbs to fivemonth high at 4.9 in August. From textiles to IT Wave of job losses hits new and old economy. Centre disqualifies over 2 lakh directors of shell companies within 15 days. India in list of nations whose governments do not have official religion PEW Research Centre. Why Indias import of US shale oil is a big deal. Basic excise duty on petrol diesel slashed by Rs 2 per litre. Slowdown in economy is real but Narendra Modi deserves praise for initiating structural reforms. Government Cuts Excise Duty On Petrol Diesel By Rs 2 Per Litre. India cuts excise duty on petrol and diesel. No service charge on eticket till March 2018 Railways. India to Be One of the Star Seafood Exporting Countries This Year. India to be the top recipient of remittances from its diaspora in 2017. Will exceed highways construction target this fiscal NHAI. Govt cuts excise duty on petrol diesel by Rs 2 per litre. Users will be able to rate national highways. India to beat China as the fastest growing petroleum product market in Asia. Can Keralas bold experiment to overhaul public health from bottom up succeed. Indias infrastructure output grows 4.9 in August Govt. Dont let Delhi Metro go the way of DTC With 30 Indian cities looking at adopting the Delhi Metro model it is crucial to set the right fiscal standards for the corporations. Can Keralas bold experiment to overhaul public health from bottom up succeed. Yamuna pollution Religious rites cannot clash with our ecological responsibilities. Indian Railways filling vacancies reserved for ST with Best of Failed Candidates. After Elphinstone Road stampede do we need bullet train ask Mumbai politicians. This has put the ruling BJP on the backfoot with its leaders finding it difficult to defend this Rs1.10 lakhcroreproject owing to the resentment among Mumbaiites.. Hindu festival chokes Indian waterways with flowers and idol debris Environmentalists say holy ceremonies such as 10day Durga Puja overwhelming already polluted Yamuna river. Mitros A Narcos Parody. India urges United Nations to adopt global treaty against terrorism gets Chinese support. Shirdi village has no bus service but gets airport. EUIndia relations fact sheet [European External Action Service] xpost r/europeanunion. Manufacturing will not create jobs India must look elsewhere. India going digital paper clearing at banks falls. Indias first modernized training centre to help farmers. Indias Manufacturing Output Grows For Second Straight Month. Why Maharashtra schools hate to reveal students Aadhaar numbers: [deleted]. Looking for a job You may need your Aadhaar card. Government to audit and inspect all Aadhaar enrolment centres: [deleted]. Derailments stampedes and contaminated food and yet all we are talking about is bullet trains. TRAI to Release Net Neutrality Views by MonthEnd OTT Consultation Soon. Rupee tanks to 61/2 month low of Rs 65.72. Mumbai Metro3 Likely To Be Completed By December 2021. Absolute Decline In Jobs Says New CDS Study Drop Sharpest In Last Three Years. President appoints commission to examine subcategorization of OBCs. India will have 50000 km highways network in 2 years Government. Fitch lowers growth forecast for Indian economy to 6.9. HighProfile Exit Hits Vinod Rais Struggling Banks Board Bureau. Five more states have ODF cities and towns. Fitch lowers Indias growth forecast to 6.9 for FY18 from 7.4. IPOs Raise Record Rs 27000 Crore In AprilSeptember. 100 days of GST and still counting. Nitish launches campaign to end dowry child marriage. Three Out of 10 Indian Households Have no Access to Toilets QCI Survey. Govt to spend Rs 6000 crore to battle leftwing insurgency. Now all practicing doctors to have unique digital identification. Chabahar Indias strategic gateway on fast track vs OBOR. Delhi Draft policy proposes charges for parking outside homes. Skill India ads to feature aam aadmi for effective outreach. Value of stalled projects reaches yet another high Share of stalled projects in the private sector has been increasing for four straight quarters. IIT placements Startups now allowed to hire students from campus. Will GDP growth at 3year low be enough for RBI to cut rates. Jet fuel price hiked by 6 LPG cylinder gets costlier by Rs 1.50. Smartphones made in India Manufacturing ambition hits hurdles Reuters. No Ache Din for Economy Nitin Gadkari speaks to Barkha Dutt. Calling Pakistan Terroristan is not enough India must back it with tough action. Same face multiple IDs Hyd turns hub for voterPAN fraud. A fullblown agrarian crisis. Redfaced after failing to deliver on various promises made. Why the prime minister continues to make such outrageous promises : [Housing for all by 2022]http//www.tribuneindia.com/mobi/news/nation/modireiteratescentresresolveofhousingforallby2022/471737.html [Doubling farmer income by 2022]http//m.deccanherald.com/articles.phpnamehttp3A2F2Fwww.deccanherald.com2Fcontent2F6337062Fconfidentdoublingfarmersincome2022.html Has he not learnt his lesson to commit only what is realistically possible The new promises are too extravagant and would require hell lot of planning and ground work. If we assume for a moment that he is not taking the ppl for a ride once again how is he going to achieve these goals he has set for himself in the next five years What steps needs to be taken to realistically achieve these targets by 2022 . Tomato Crisis How it has different meanings for Pakistan and India. India will be a 6 trn fastest growing economy by 2027 Morgan Stanley. GST puts a premium on honesty will take steps to address concerns of SMEs Revenue secretary. GST Small exporters exempt from furnishing bank guarantee who are small exporters any threshold income for export of services s/w freelancing: As a welcome move and relief small exporters are now exempt from furnishing bank guarantee. They may still need to provide LUT/ bond as it requires a legislative change and needs more time http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/smallexportersexemptedfromfurnishingbankguarantee/articleshow/60886311.cms I am a software professional working as an independent contractor for an overseas client. Last year 44ADA was introduced for professionals with income lt50L. They need not even maintain records if theyre paying tax on at least 50 of their total income and need not have any dependency on CAs. With GST as per some CAs to avail zero percent tax exemption for export of service we need to provide a bond with bank guarantee and file monthly GST returns. Most of us feel the need to hire a CA with an increased compliance and monthly fees burden. I hope in the time to come 1. minimum threshold for small export of services is kept at not less than 50L 2. if we still need to provide a bond there should be an option to generate and submit it online so as to eliminate any physical interaction with the tax authorities 3. requirement of the bond monthly GST return filing can also be eliminated for export of services earnings at least below 50L its affecting several s/w freelancers. From short term perspective does anyone know who are small exporters At least I might not need a bank guarantee for now. I may still need to file monthly GST returns. . Air pollution 16 new thermal power plants in India allowed to pollute above mandatory standards. AAP govts role in Metro fare hike exposed. GST export of service small exporters are exempted from furnishing bank guarantee: [deleted]. August data points to early signs of revival in economic growth Livemint. Centre cuts fund for Tamil institute by 50 in 1year Times of India. Banks asked to enable core banking in Hindi. For Swachh Bharat families in Madhya Pradesh fined per day per member. Metro fare hike Put on hold metro fare hike audit DMRC accounts Arvind Kejriwal. Constituition Ep 5 Budget. Homework thread: Heylo r/India In this episode of Constituition I explain how the Union Budget is passed by Parliament every year. The Budget is how our Government spends taxpayer money. It is extremely important for citizens to know/find out where our money is being spent but more often people tend to pay more attention to the Finance Ministers speech. The devil is in the details. Heres the full episode https//youtu.be/h0RvvEt7cs4 Sidenote This is the most complicated subject we have dealt with till now. Man oh man had to distribute kittens to keep it interesting. Heh. Homework for Episode 5 1 Check out the [outcome Budget for last year]http//indiabudget.nic.in/ub201718/impbud/impbud.pdf. 2 Pick out interesting things you spot on either of these subjects Rural Electrification Digital Literacy Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. Share with the hashtag WhereIsTheMoney. We have picked these three themes because these are priority area for the Government and we keep hearing about it every now and then. 3 If you find anything else in [the Budget documents]http//indiabudget.nic.in/ share that with us too It would be interesting to see what you find. Go crayzeh Join us for a Homework Review on Tuesday October 3 2017 at 6 pm on our Facebook page where we go live to read out your responses discuss the Budget procedure and what the Government has been upto lately. Theres a LOT of things to talk about here so it would be great if you give some direction to us about what matters to YOU the most. Well put in some research get some interesting guests and talk about it. Cheers Meghnad EndNote Apologies for the late post. I was travelling . EIU report on Indias economic state: http//country.eiu.com/article.aspxarticleid865940470ampCountryIndiaamptopicEconomy Especially fascinating is this para citing NITI aayog NITI Aayogs report shows that more than 80 of Indias workforce in the apparel sector is employed in companies that have eight workers or less this compares with less than 1 of the workforce in China How interesting no I imagine increasing GST compliance is going to lead to a number of newold companies coming into visibility haha. Additionally Ive seen a recent media trend blaming the current economic slowdown on bad economic policy. The only demonstrably wrong economic decision made by this government has been demonetisation. Everything else has been characterised by iffy software but thats not going to cause a reversal in the effect of the policies. So cleaning up loans RERA GST would always have caused structural slowdown and they have always been needed to be introduced. I wonder what the countercyclical spending will look like govts advisers are all Keynesians no. Modi may be the last hope for the Indian economy to achieve greatness: [deleted]. Cryptos Fear Credit: http//www.perrymehrling.com/2017/09/cryptosfearcredit/ A great article by professor Perry Mehrling comparing fiat money to crypto. . Dear FM Yashwant Sinha is wrong so dont be tempted by a fiscal quickfix. Indian exporters View Modi governments flipflops just turned a simple law into a dreaded nightmare. Indias Failed Demonetization Program and Its Retreating Economic Defenders AltM. Reducing food waste top priority for India. Indian exporters View Modi governments flipflops just turned a simple law into a dreaded nightmare: [deleted]. Tax evasion LampampT Infotech bags 100 mn contract to help pin down tax evaders. Amend Constitution To Assimilate People Of Jammu and Kashmir With Rest Of India RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat. Mr Bhagwat said Jammu and Kashmir has faced problems because of the discriminatory provisions in the state that has denied fundamental rights.. President declares urban Maharashtra open defecation free. Tax evasion LampT Infotech bags 100 mn contract to help pin down tax evaders: [deleted]. Can someone verify if these stats about Bullet Trains are true: Someone has posted [this infographic]https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DLDTZGFU8AALucG.jpglarge on twitter which claims that a bullet train travel costs per kilometer almost half of a similar travel in Mumbai or Bengaluru metro. Are these stats true On what data are they based. How GDP and GST failures are making Indias middle class pay. Why does Ladakh want Union Territory status despite enjoying privileges under article 370 and 35A: Which district is lobbying for this status Kargil or Leh . Nagpur Metro Rail creates record Know what it is and some facts about project. indian economy View Make in India is looking more and more like a bad joke. Growth Slows As Companies Find It Hard To Operate In Modis New LawsBased Economy. Jet fuel price hiked by 6 LPG costlier by Rs 1.50 a cylinder. Safety Net For Farmers Why MPs Mukhyamantri Bhavantar Bhugtan Yojana Matters. Scope For Reducing GST Slabs Hints Arun Jaitley. Infant mortality rate drops 8 in 2016 Goa registers least deaths. View Make in India is looking more and more like a bad joke. How Modis Saubhagya Yojana Simply Repackaged an AlreadyRepackaged Scheme. Yashwant Sinha Economic Crisis Intensifying BJP Will Be Held to Account in 2019. New Haj Yatra Policy Centre plans to revive MumbaiJeddah sea route to ensure a smooth pilgrimage. President inaugurates Shirdi airport. Measures. Elphinstone station stampede Piyush Goyal announces passenger safety measures. Three more West Bengal districts to be declared ODF. Centre will partially fund modern bus terminals across country Nitin Gadkari. Caution in wind Indian economy amp markets are experts concerns overblown. The idea that used to be Bangalore. Brief on Aadhaar linking to SIM amp Bank account: Details 1. SIM Last date is Feb 2018. SC hearing scheduled before that. DoT circular has prescribed linking of Aadhaar to SIM but not linking them is consequenceless and doesnt require to cancel the SIM. 2. Bank account Linking is as per government order and not an RBI directive. Blocking access to bank accounts are akin to property seizures and will in effect violate the constitutional right to property under Article 300A. Sources 1. https//thewire.in/148687/mandatoryaadhaarbankaccountslegality/ 2. https//twitter.com/Stupidosaur/status/905501993506131968. Economy. Vodafone and AADHAR linkage: Vodafone guys have been pestering with a SMS on the lines that due to a government order it is mandatory to link AADHAR with mobile AND also to convert from 3G to 4G sim for 23 months now. I have asked them about the details of this order via email. Will updated once i get the response. Also they claim to disable the number if the switch from 3g to 4g is not done. I use only a 2g feature phone so basically they are forcing me switch to a smart phone. Did others also faced the same thing How can we deal with this collectively . Supreme Court did not direct Aadhaar mobilelinking. More importantly Supreme Court disallowed such linking when TRAI sought it.: SC did not direct Aadhaar mobilelinking. More importantly SC disallowed such linking when TRAI sought it. https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B1zazrrJPMWfVEEyN2FsWEZBZ3c/view application to modify Aug 2015 order was disallowed by SC in its order in Oct15 allowing use of Aadhaar only in 4 addnl govt schemes Link to order of Supreme Court https//drive.google.com/file/d/0B1zazrrJPMWfVkpsTVl1U1R5cHc/view Source [prasannas]https//twitter.com/prasannas http//www.advocateprasanna.in. How is economic downturn affecting you [NP]: [deleted]. Indias traditional refugee policy shows why its unlikely to give Rohingyas sanctuary. A sensible informative debate on the state of the economy. Where the Indian economy is headed and why. Despite their encounter with Indias police 4corners got out with the story. Watch digging into Adani on Monday.: [deleted]. Pause before you leap. India Employed Internshala Launches Initiative To Help 50000 Graduates Find Their First Job. Andhra CM inaugurates 75 MSMEs stresses importance of industries. Mumbai Elphinstone Stampede was Avoidable Only If Govt Had Listened to Tendulkar.. Indias fiscal deficit touches 96 per cent of fullyear target in August. Unlocking the potential of technology. Why is Indias GDP growth falling [The Hindu Explains]: [deleted]. On soaring fuel prices question everyone is asking If global prices have fallen why are we paying more. BJP brigade getting ready to ruin public sector companies. Tata Motors Tata Motors bags Rs 1120 crore order for 10000 ecars from EESL. EC issues formal direction to use paper trail machines in all future polls. is India investing enough in infrastructure: A large number of issues can be attributed to weak and non existing at places infrastructure in India. So is India not investing enough or is there some other problem in growth of infra. Tata Motors wins order for 10000 electric vehicles from EESL. Elphinstone Road stampede Fatalities could have been fewer if Western Railway stopped trains. At least 20 train services stopped at Elphinstone Road while the tragedy was unfolding.. Reducing food waste top priority for India Harsimrat Kaur Badal. Hold The Thought Of Stimulus For Now Here Are Five Things Modi Government Could Do Instead. Are countries with a poor democratic record more likely to mandate an Aadhaarlike ID. Fear as Myanmar violence hits Bengali Hindus [Video report]. Mumbai Senas request to Railways Ministry for bridge extension fell on deaf ears. Sena MPs wrote to Ministry in 2015 raising issue of FOB being narrow and incapable of bearing rush hour crowd.. No matter how hard the government tries it cant sell Indias growth story to the world. Koinex Indian CryptoCurrency Exchange supports BCH/INR and BCH/BTC. Two sides of the Indian coin The Bullet Train and the Mumbai Local.. India jumps to 14th rank as best country for expats HSBC. PM Modi needs to create 11 million jobs each year to face 2019. Indias flagging economy draws dire warnings of recession. Indias flagging economy draws dire warnings of recession: [deleted]. Indias flagging economy draws dire warnings of recession: [deleted]. Fiscal Deficit Touches 96.1 of Budget Estimate at Augustend. Dear Railway Minister I dont want to die on a Mumbai local [Old] [2013]. India may become thirdlargest economy in next 10 years HSBC. Indias forex reserves drop by 262.3 million to about 402 billion. Indias AprilAugust fiscal deficit stands at 96.1 per cent of FY18 target. Do you think India should be divided into a few countries: Might it be a good idea for India to run like the European union with smaller countries that have free trade free movement and perhaps have a common defence force but are able to micromanage their economies educational systems and have their distinct cultural background Bear in mind that there still would be the greater sense of an Indian identity in the same sense as there is a greater European identity so this is for the united we stand approach that is there is still a sense of being united.. India sees recordbreaking Private Equity inflows in 2017 Study. Draft rules and dissent The Centres draft RTI rules contain several flaws and the government would do well to heed the concerns of critics.. Dr. Subramanian Swamy on difference between Micro and Macroeconomics. No Achhe Din Here The Modi Bubble Has Now Burst. Better growth in coalition governments Former RBI governor YV Reddy. Will Swachh Bharat Abhiyan be a success. Amid Sinhagovt row Indias flagging economy draws dire warnings of recession. Rethink in Govt Piyush Goyal says GEs diesel locomotive project in Bihar is on track. Indias Gender Inequality in Ten Charts. Reforms money cant buy The governments grant for police modernisation must be followed by steps to grant the force autonomy from political masters.. Indias flagging economy draws dire warnings of recession. Hard times for small business in India [FT]. The wire narendramodis MakeInIndia dream remains unfulfilled. Aadhaarphone linkage a nightmare Consumers question why private service providers insist on registering biometric details. Bangladesh receives more relief supplies for Rohingyas from India. Need some India based index fund names for various market caps: [removed]. what are your views on laws that can keep obesity in check like japan do we need them in India: [deleted]. What is CryptoCurrency Explained in Hindi. How Prime Minister Modi Sees The Economy And Why He Is Not Worried About The Slowdown. The Passport Service Kendra Goa refused to accept my wifes EAadhar Card as proof of address today.: As the title suggests this happened earlier today. My wife went to renew her passport and the folks at the PSK Panjim Goa refused her accept her EAadhar as an ID/address proof. They stated that they require two separate address proofs. This was surprising as the Passport Seva PS website mentioned that only one proof of address is required to be shown. So we called up the Passport Seva Helpline who stated that EAadhar is indeed a valid ID/Address proof and asked us to speak to the APO at the PSK. We were also pointed to this circular [PDF stating that EAadhar is indeed a valid ID proof]https//uidai.gov.in/images/uidaiomoneaadhaarvalidity.pdf. Please note that my wife has not yet received her physical Aadhar card yet even after 3 months because of obvious incompetence on the part of the Government. The APO who was polite and apologetic refused to acknowledge this circular and said she just cannot do anything as they dont accept Aadhar. Fortunately for us we managed to get a bank statement as address proof. Im not sure why they even think this is a valid address proof. So yes according to PSK Aadhar is a load of BS. Edit Just to add some more info. My wifes address on the passport was being updated along with the renewal. Her Aadhar address was updated some 4 months back. We have a BSNL telephone but we dont receive physical bills.. International job racket busted in Hyderabad. The great expectations for the Indian economy. Modi Lifts India Up. Why Thomas Piketty is wrong about inequality in India. Indias small businesses ravaged by Delhis radical policies. View Modi governments flipflops just turned a simple law into a dreaded nightmare. Policy flipflops risk harming Make in India drive say industry executives. After Yashwant Sinhas rant heres what his son Jayant now says about economy. No consumer goods at Paan shops Biscuit beverage FMCG cos to bear brunt. Party Has Just Begun For Indian Stock Funds Says Morgan Stanley: [deleted]. People First Citizen app users run into Aadhaar hurdle. Id verification failure resulting in service denial. Owner of Aadhaar enrolment agency arrested. Was discarding confidential data in garbage dump. FIR against centre after 600 Aadhaar cards found dumped. The Roundtable Economy Tailspin or Tailwind. No helmet no petrol rule comes info force in Andhra Pradesh. Founders of Flipkart Ola MakeMyTrip to launch a nationalist lobby group. DIPP readying parameters to rank states on startup ecosystem The Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion DIPP will facilitate the process of ranking and it would be done by a third party.. Toilet coverage in rural India has more than doubled in three years. Nine in 10 households with toilets use them.. New economy for new India Fundamental changes put in place for an open transparent competitive and innovationdriven economy. Saubhagya scheme No free power for poor only free connections says govt. Coalition govts produce better economic growth ExRBI Guv Yaga Venugopal Reddy. [old]SEVEN STEPS TO POLICE REFORM PDF. After Yashwant Sinhas rant heres what his son Jayant now says about economy: [deleted]. Job insecurity worries loom large as govt announces merger of 17 presses. GST on Khadi products [Aug 2017]. Soon everyone will see poverty from close quarters. An all too familiar hurdle could derail Modis ambitious 2.5billion power plan. Farmers in distress Most kharif crops ruling below minimum support price. Owner of Aadhaar enrolment agency held. Down the Ganga In this village toilets do have water but they come at a price. Economic crisis Narendra Modi govt should take people into confidence rather than cover up. GST Taxmen slap big penalty to check evasion of GST. INR value against USD. Govt may offer up to 60 stake in oilfields to private players. GST amp cash ban have hurt but oil prices could be the straw that breaks the economys back. EPFO gets notice under GST. Soon you may get petrol delivered to your doorstep says Pradhan. Modi govts policy Uturn may harm Make in India drive. Jaitley to meet industry exporters on GST issues tomorrow. After soaring to Rs 40 per kg tomato prices plunge to Rs 7 per kg in wholesale markets. Sensex Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 1 lakh in next 10 years. How deep is Indias economic mess. GST May Be Solving A Critical Problem For SMEs Cash Flow. Karnataka bans sale of loose cigarettes: [deleted]. Indias economy may be in the doldrums but its getting more competitive. Sikar farmers agitation Peanuts guar moong not one crop on which I dont make losses. India likely to be 6 trillion economy in 10 years Morgan Stanley. U.S. Defense Secretary Lands in India With an Eye Toward Closer Military Ties WSJ. Those in government have little understanding of economy AAP. India likely to be 6 trillion economy in 10 years Morgan Stanley. Must Watch Anatomy Of An Economic Slowdown why Indias Economy slowed down and what should we do. Public Health Forum 2016 Universal Health Care Jayaprakash Narayana. India launches programme to attract UK investments. Just got an email from Axis Bank that linking Aadhar is mandatory: gtDear customer gtAs per the Govt. of India mandate under Prevention of Money Laundering Rules 2005 all Bank Accounts must be linked with Aadhaar before December 31 2017 failing which the accounts will be blocked for use. gtTo avoid any inconvenience please link your Axis Bank Savings account at the earliest.. India is worlds 40th most competitive economy WEF. Must Watch Anatomy Of An Economic Slowdown why Indias Economy slowed down and what should we do: [deleted]. Niti Aayogs Rajiv Kumar says fiscal deficit target could be relaxed to boost India growth The extra fiscal stimulus will help the economy do well Rajiv Kumar said.. India Will Be 6 Trillion Economy In 10 Years Says Morgan Stanley Report. What ails the Indian economy. Gujarat set to become Indias first electric vehicle hub. Indias GST revenue collection for August slows to Rs 90669 crore. Demonetisation GST have put brakes on India AM Naik. Must Watch Anatomy Of An Economic Slowdown why Indias Economy slowed down and what should we do.: [deleted]. Was charged 58 tax on liquor Tamil Nadu: I recently moved to TN and went to a bar last night. I was charged 58 tax on liquor I mean what the fuck As far as I know liquor is excluded from GST but 58 Is this legit Edit Imported liquor VAT . I dont respond to quarterly numbers India is growing faster than any other country Jamie Dimon JP Morgan Chase. Government plans to sell stake in ONGC oilfields to private firms Times of India. Floor hasnt fallen through Dont go by feel economic data call for measured rather than precipitate action. Govt asks banks to reconsider fees for cash transactions to promote digital payments. Govt Again Plans Home Delivery of Petrol Diesel. Would This Time Be Different. Economy Fine Yashwant Sinha Frustrated Case Dismissed Say BJP Sources. Karnataka antisuperstition Bill what is banned and what is not. Where Modi has gone wrong with Indias economy. Economic downturn has ended more growth in two quarters Niti Aayog. Economic downturn has ended more growth in 2 quarters Rajiv Kumar. Short of funds Punjab levies user charge for canal water. Tesla talks with govt for India drive. Delhi Govt To Regularise All Guest Teachers 15000 Made Permanent Says Deputy CM Manish Sisodia. 35000 will be working on a rotation basis and will be made permanent once they clear the eligibility test.: [deleted]. Cigarettes tobacco shops can no longer sell chips biscuits candies. Faulty Policies Are Curbing HearingDisabled Childrens Access to Cochlear Implants. Modis Reheated Electricity Scheme Wont Fix Problems the Old One Couldnt. Refugees in Delhi Centres decision to deport Rohingyas has other Stateless migrants living in India worried that they could be next. Chalukya style from historical to parent unfolding at woodcarving workshop 28 GST on handicraft will kill industry. ADB lowers India growth outlook to 7 for 201718. India slips one rank in WEFs most competitive economy index. Rupee hits 6month low amid uncertainty over Indias GDP growth widening fiscal deficit. Yashwant Sinha I need to speak up now: [deleted]. Indias GST revenue collection for August slows to Rs 90669 crore: [deleted]. India improves on WEFs global competitiveness rankings. [GST] Why HDFC ICICI and NSE have stake in GSTN: So I was checking [GSTN About Us]http//www.gstn.org/aboutus/ and I found that ICICI HDFC LIC and most importantly NSE have stake in GSTN. Isnt this conflict of interest ICICI and HDFC being largest broker could be involved in insider trading with the help of NSE ICICI and HDFC will make cool profit as all the GST taxes are going to be parked in their account till Govt starts refunding/withdrawing funds.. Dear PM If Things Are Improving for PSUs Why Not Declare Complete Numbers. View Modi governments flipflops just turned a simple law into a dreaded nightmare. World Bank warns of learning crisis in education in countries like India. Pollution regulator to double continuous air quality monitoring stations in India. There are currently 86 continuous monitoring stations across India the CPCB plans to double that number by the end of the year.. Indias imminent economic crisis The authorities need to undertake meaningful structural reforms and loosen monetary and exchange rate policy not go in for misguided fiscal expansion. Indias GST is all tangled up. The government needs to remember the original motivation for the goods and services tax GST to make paying taxes easier and reduce costs. The governments six big economic mistakes. Let us examine the mistakes that the government committed and then reflect on whether fiscal stimulus would rectify them. Is GST registration required for exclusive software export businesses: If someone do software service exports and earn 100 of the revenue from exports alone with annual turn over below Rs. 20 lakhs do they still need to register for GST Official GST twitter handle provided two opposite answers for the following two similar questions 1. https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/882947757874356225 2. https//twitter.com/kulwant757/status/895271689826607104 How do the Indian freelancers and businesses who are exclusively doing the software exports handling the GST. Database soon of savings schemes linked with Aadhaar. Aadhaar mandatory for teachers eligibility test in Haryana. Health ministry has barred tobacco shops from selling any nontobacco products such as toffee chips and soft drinks as they may attract the attention of children. The Dam and the Posttruth. How long does an Indian CEO last in the corner office. Is Petroleum the new battleground for GST . An Orderly Correction In The Rupee Is Just What The Doctor Ordered. Indian economy is in shambles. Limited options ahead for government. I need to speak up now The economy is on a downward spiral is poised for a hard landing. Many in the BJP know it but do not say it out of fear. Indias GST revenue collection for August slows to Rs 90669 crore. Must Watch In Conversation with TRAIs Chairman RS Sharma: [deleted]. Why is there so little Outrage about Economic mess we are in Instead of accelerating to 89 growth we have decelerated to 5.7: Why is there no or very little outrage the Economic mess we got ourself into When we were growing at 7.5 we thought growing even further of 11.5 more. Now we are at 5.7 Is 6 the new Normal shouldnt we be debating and outraging about it more than anything else.. 5G services Govt sets up panel eyes rollout by 2020. The government has set up a highlevel committee for 5G telecom services with a mandate to lay down a road map for rollout of the technology by 2020. Government invites public comments on mental healthcare act draft rules. The health ministry has put out the draft in public domain and the last date for sending comments is October 20.. Hong Kong Malaysia looking better as India slows ADB. Hong Kong Malaysia looking better as India slows ADB. India received the steepest downgrade among the major economies in the Asian Development Banks latest outlook released on Tuesday: [deleted]. Why is there so little Outrage about Economic mess we are in Instead of accelerating to 89 growth we have decelerated to 5.7: [deleted]. Before showing the newborn to relatives waiting outside Aadhaar enrollment will be mandatory. Street children to get Aadhaar. Indias Aadhaar rivals growth of Windows Android Facebook Satya Nadella. Aadhaar now has scaled to over one billion people rivaling the growth of other platform innovations. Indias Economy to Rebound in Coming Quarters SBI Chief. Airports to go Paperless May Link Airlines Database With Aadhaar Number. Crores opt to lock their Aadhaar biometric info. Once the biometric is locked no one can use it for authentication without your consent. It can be easily unlocked by you in case of need.. Database of savings schemes linked with Aadhaar in offing. Cabinet Secretariat has directed that all GPF EPF PPF account data be seeded. DoT allows Aadhaar based eKYC of roaming subscribers in existing circle. India plans legal route for power sector reforms. Acharya Balkrishna Billionaire Baba What makes Acharya Balkrishna one of Indias richest. Indian rupee hits 6month low on growth worries. Modis Saubhagya scheme to provide 40 million electricity connections Some hype some confusion. India unveils 2.5 billion plan to electrify all households by end 2018. ADB lowers Indias 2017 growth forecast to 7. Why India Needs a Boost from Fiscal and Monetary Policies. How good or bad are other developing countries compared to India: Lets leave USA and other developed countries. I want to know about other developing countries in the same situation like us like Nigeria Zambia Egypt Sri LankaIndonesiaBrazil. What are the advantages of living in countries like this. You think a person can experience an increase in the living standard living there. People say India is worse than Africa. Redditors living in Africa how good or bad is Africa compared to India. I know South Africa is developed. But do you prefer staying in South Africa compared to India similarly for other countries. The six big economic mistakes Let us examine the mistakes that the government committed and then reflect on whether fiscal stimulus would rectify them. Share of exports in GDP at 14year low of 19.4. Niti Aayog Top economist Ashok Gulati snubs NITI Aayog offer says first implement earlier recommendations. Why small businessmen in Gujarat are quitting industry and turning to financial speculation. Hong Kong Malaysia looking better as India slows ADB. Faulty Policies Are Curbing HearingDisabled Childrens Access to Cochlear Implants. Everything about Saubhagya Scheme Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Ghar Yojana. Modi Faces Limited Options to Reverse Indias Slowing Growth. Borewell rig owners in a fix over GST. Liquidity crisis hits industry post GST. Small Businesses Worst Hit By GST Demonetisation Says Maricos Mariwala. In Delhi public services may come to your doorstep for an extra fee of Rs 50. The Delhi government plans to deploy specialised representatives who would apply on your behalf collect the required documents and deliver the approved certificate to your house. Delhi govt to sponsor SC ST students coaching classes. Foodgrain Kharif foodgrain output to fall 2.78 from last seasons record high show govt estimates. Your festive season shopping may be affected this Diwali here is the reason why. India unveils 2.5 billion plan to electrify all households by end 2018. European Union European Union may commit funds for flagship Indian projects. SBI cuts minimum average balance from Rs 5000 to Rs 3000. In Delhi public services may come to your doorstep for an extra fee of Rs 50. Aizawl is the first Indian city to follow a nohonking policy. The GST Regime is Damaging Not Helping Indias Crafts Sector. Indian exports rise for 12th straight month grow 10.29 in August. Live PM Modi constitutes Economic Advisory Council Bibek Debroy to head panel.. Rural India is eating less than what it used to 40 years ago. mAadhaar Now Valid ID For Train Travel Crosses 10 Lakh Download In 2 Months. Indias Digital Push Part Progress Plenty Pain. The rise of flexible employment in India. Railway line connecting India Nepal to become functional from next year. AADHAAR Baby girl gets Aadhaar number in 6 minutes of birth. UIDAI asks banks to set up enrolment centres for Aadhaarbank a/c linking by Sep 30. UIDAI said a penalty of Rs 20000 per month will be imposed for every single centre banks fail to open within the deadline.. The curious cases of citizens sans Aadhaar. No funds for Centre sponsored schemes if Aadhaar not seeded. The Centre sponsors 28 schemes. Some are fully paid for by the Centre such as scholarships Janani Surekha Yojana and Dhanalakshmi schemes.. Telangana Soon head post offices to update Aadhaar cards. Does the DoT circular directing mobile users to link Aadhaar number hold water. Maharashtra 2.4 lakh farmers who havent quoted Aadhaar may not get loan waiver. Survey report Punjab pips Haryana in saving young lives These findings were part of the Million Death Study MDS conducted from 2001 to 2015 in 1.3 million homes in India.. Why Indias digital push timing is all wrong. Stagnant Employment Growth Last Three Years May Have Been the Worst. 1.5 million dead in a decade Just what is wrong with Indias roads and vehicles. Anatomy Of An Economic Slowdown. How to stop rating shopping. The faltering economy On the weak numbers. Botched reforms put the brakes on Indias growth. Petition for Mandating Use of Free and Open Source Software in New Education Policy 2016.. The rise of flexible employment in India: [deleted]. Indias Digital Push Part Progress Plenty Pain: [deleted]. 2.4L farmers who havent quoted Aadhaar may not get loan waiver. Soon head post offices to update Aadhaar cards. Todays cartoon in The Hindu. Reform dont spend. India Is Failing Its Infants Long Before They Arrive At Hospital IndiaSpend. Article on the education crisis in rural China. How much worse is it in India. Missing in the panel set up to frame Indias new mineral policy Adivasis ecologists civil society. Privacy and the Indian culture India has neither looked at communication nor information as private. There is also little understanding of private life in India.. India Scores Lowest Among BRICS on Health Sustainable Development Goal Index FactChecker. Botched reforms put the brakes on Indias growth. Maharashtra set to be 1trillion economy says Fadnavis. Missing in the panel set up to frame Indias new mineral policy Adivasis ecologists civil society. So did Narendra Modi kill the Indian economy. Baby girl gets Aadhaar number in 6 minutes of birth. GST demonetisation impacted business confidence NCAER. Senior KAS officer Mathai to lead cycle jaatha for Sakala government scheme. Failure in the good times. Hindustan times doing a wonderful series on Delhi government school.: [deleted]. Indias child mortality rates declining Lancet. God Save The Legal Education In India. Why Indias farmers want to conserve indigenous heirloom rice. India was once home to 100000 rice varieties but highyield less hardy hybrids have taken over encouraging farmers to safeguard more resistant strains. Indiafocused offshore funds ETF invest 140 million in August. Anyways momos is bad kulcha. Books on Indian Culture Morals Now Must at Railway Platform Kiosks. No tax refund no working capital How GST is hurting Indian exporters. Why mobile companies bank pan etc. are insisting to ink aadhaar before supreme courts deadline: Even if supreme court ask to dismantle aadhaar you can still be tracked using your mobile number PAN card bank account. This will ensure that aadhaar survives in a nascent form and it can revived after 2019 election since aadhaar is denying millions of poor its subsidies etc. Aadhaar can NOT be used for any purpose other bthan surveillance. After November government will take a stock of situation and make aadhaar linked mobile no/pan/bank a/c mandatory for all public to government/private interaction. Behind the scene they will turn on Surveillance based on aadhaar. . PM Keep Your Promise Or Leave Angry Farmers Protest In Bengaluru. World Bank India growing pretty robustly World Bank President Jim Kim. Insolvency valuing assetless aggregator is a challenge. Under Garb of Preservation Chhattisgarh Is Denying Vulnerable Groups Their Reproductive Rights. Missing in the panel set up to frame Indias new mineral policy Adivasis ecologists civil society: [deleted]. india africa Africa prefers Indias noninterfering development model over China. Employees may have to bear the GST burden on benefits. BBMP garbage contractors protest direct payment system. Riverlinking work may start in 3 months Nitin Gadkari. Anatomy Of An Economic Slowdown. Why DeMo GST are not to blame for slowdown. Anatomy Of An Economic Slowdown: [deleted]. Expert Panel Investments Jobs amp Bank CleanUp. To impose bond on students of top engineering Institute of india to work in india.. PM Modi long way from creating 10 million jobs a year India may see further 3040 percent reduction of jobs. Slow industrial growth Some reform might improve governance in India. Arvind Subramanian chief economic adviser to get extension for 1 year Arun Jaitley. UP CDOs to ensure 100 Aadhaar enrollment for students. JampK Special Police Officers To Link Bank Accounts To Aadhaar For Salaries. Pradhan bats for petrol diesel under GST OdishaSunTimes.com. AAP to launch campaign for national policy on agriculture. As a prelude districtlevel meetings being held in States. Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanians Tenure Extended By 1 Year. GST and Note ban Forget fast growth India is barely holding on. Just look at these dismal data. GST council Upset over GST Rural artisans bank on Siddaramaiah. Adarsh Bharatiya nari c. 2017. Every economic detail you ever wanted to know about INDIA is here .... Economy has hit rock bottom can only revive from here says Gurumurthy. Push for public transport Delhi govt identifies land to build 7 depots for new buses. Delhis transport minister Kailash Gahlot says once 2000 buses are rolled out by March next year tenders for 1375 more would be floated in April.. Meet Eenam Gambhir Indias voice at United Nations. Why simple GST become a for people: complete the blank space.. India lists its firstever bond index as it looks to attract foreign investors: [deleted]. You could get Rs. 1cr for revealing benami properties. Concerned over GST FOSTTA writes to PM FM. Rat on your neighbours benami property and win Rs 1 crore. JampK Special Police Officers To Link Bank Accounts To Aadhaar For Salaries. SC says states must appoint police officers to prevent cow vigilantism pay compensation for violence. Why Indians will continue to pay high oil prices despite lower global rates. GST new notification Issued For Actionable Claim On Branded Food Products ayupp. Explained in 5 charts How Indian banks big NPA problem evolved over years[OLD]. RBI data shows how UPA killed the Rupee[OLD]. Rat on your neighbours benami property and win Rs 1 crore.. FinMin to refund Rs 600 cr to exporters for resolving GST related issues. Finance Ministry to ensure timely refund of GST dues to exporters. FakingNews By Diwali we will increase jobless people then reduction in demand from office goers will reduce fuel prices Petroleum Minister. India is on a path to growth it has terrific leadership says Jamie Dimon CEO JPMorgan Chase.. india africa Africa prefers Indias noninterfering development model over China. Computer shops charging GST over and above MRP xpost from /r/indiangamers: I needed to buy a monitor as the old one conked off. I gave a call to MD computers and Vedant in Kolkata they quoted similar price as primeabgb/amazon but said that 28 GST will be applicable over MRP. Isnt this illegal as MRP is supposed to subsume the GST Also I was given quote for DELL/BenQ monitors which are obviously imported and supposedly not impacted by GST at all. Anyone else face similar issue monitor or any other components Earlier there used to be state VAT 4/5 depending on state which I thought would be gone making PC parts cheaper.. Expect Economy To Remain Stagnant For 9 Months Says LampTs AM Naik. India adopting digital modes in healthcare faster than US China. Arun Jaitley evades question on providing fiscal stimulus for boosting economy says no need to panic. Demonetisation an unnecessary adventure Manmohan Singh. India has a big jobs problem and it could be getting worse. India must raise investment in health education sectors WHO. What The Modi Government Doesnt Want You To Know About Petrol Tax. India eases foreign investment rules for corporate debt. LampT CFO R Shankar Raman Dont see private sector coming back for the next couple of years. What do you think about this statement in a recent moneycontrol article: Modi was handed a crippled economy with a nonfunctioning bureaucracy nonfunctioning banking system a crawling rural economy and a reluctant private sector. Cut to the present scenario and we have a partly functional bureaucracy an allbutdead banking system a rural economy that borrows and refuses to pay come rain or fair weather and a zonked private sector that does not know what hit it. How many of you believe that above is close to reality Going forward what all things could this government do to improve the situation significantly Edit Source is http//www.moneycontrol.com/news/economy/thegovernmentseconomyrevivalplanshouldgivesteroidsinsteadvitamins9735721.html. Make In India can further boost relations with Finland Envoy IANS Interview. Privacy and the Indian culture India has neither looked at communication nor information as private. There is also little understanding of private life in India.. Stimulus package should focus on raising capex C Rangarajan. Subramanian Swamys sixpoint guide for Modi to bring economy back to 9 growth. Suresh Prabhu pitches India as attractive investment destination South Korea indicates preference over China. India Has a Big Jobs Problem and It Could Be Getting Worse. Decks cleared for Chardham highway project NGT disposes plea. Looking to Book train ticket on IRCTC Railways restricts card payment to these seven banks: Currently the IRCTC website allows cardbased payments only for cardholders of Indian Overseas Bank Canara Bank United Bank of India Indian Bank Central Bank of India HDFC Bank and Axis Bank. A disagreement between banks and Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation IRCTC over convenience fees has led IRCTC barred a number of banks from using its payment gateway for debit cards.As per the updates these banks were not willing to share a potion on convenience fees earned on transactions for ITCTC bookings. IRCTC wanted the banks to share half of their transaction fees with it if they want to be on its rail booking website. The current allowed banks for card payments are Indian Overseas Bank Canara Bank United Bank of India Indian Bank Central Bank of India HDFC Bank and Axis Bank. Post demonetisation IRCTC had waived off the Rs 20 convenience fee it charged from customers. However it asked banks to share a part of the convenience fees that they charged to customers for the convenience of making online purchases on tickets etc. IRCTC had requested banks to share with it half the convenience fee that lenders recover from card transactions on the website. Merchant discount rate MDR is the fees the merchant pays the acquiring bank for providing the service to customers. IRCTC does not pay MDR to banks banks levy a fee on ticket buyers to cover their costs. Banks say IRCTCs fee sharing policy violates a government order dated 14 July 2016 which asked all public sector undertakings to bear the merchant discount rate MDR Banks that have decided not to agree with IRCTCs policies regarding MDR are saying that IRCTC is violating the principles of the merchantacquiring business.. Punjab 3 years on anganwadis await ration: [deleted]. No grant after May Punjab schools serve midday meals on credit. Teachers now claim that the scheme might be discontinued if the grant is not released soon as the shopkeepers who are providing items on credit have given them an ultimatum.: [deleted]. Pollution regulator to double continuous air quality monitoring stations in India. Odisha 230 students fall ill after consuming midday meal at school: [deleted]. See bright prospects for India European markets currently underpriced Robert Baur. Telangana 120 schools send refusal letter for vaccine drive. About 120 schools in the Old City have sent letters of refusal to health authorities in regard to the measles rubella vaccination camps.: [deleted]. Measly Rs 1.3 to feed a child a day in Tamil Nadu anganwadis: [deleted]. Indian egovernance model unique on many counts UST Global. Haryana Over 18000 Deprived Of Pension In August As Aadhaar Were Incorrect Or Not Linked: [deleted]. Placement rate in textiles sector is 70 Indian minister. Yoga to be taught in all Tamil Nadu schools K. Palaniswami: [deleted]. Chandrababu Naidu ensures transgenders avail govt. schemes in Andhra Pradesh. services tax GST Centre states to divide taxpayer base. Hyderabad Rot runs deep Aadhaar birth documents easily forged: [deleted]. Gujarat govts Navratri special Selfie with cow India. PMs Mudra remains a gesture no effect on the ground It is highly unlikely that such a small amount of capital can create employment as claimed by the PM and the BJP president.. spending Policymakers not keen on relaxing fiscal goals to accommodate extra spending. Decoding the Petrol tax. Indian economy in a tailspin What went wrong. All ration shops to be digitised says Ram Vilas Paswan. Pension Crisis Looms as Indias Workers Shun Sunset Savings. How to spot the income tax deadline. Plan to build fighter jets hits a hurdle. India Has a Big Jobs Problem and It Could Be Getting Worse. Take reform to fuel. Govt frames parameters for division of taxpayers under GST. Made in India Stealth Submarine INS Kalvari Handed Over to Navy. Govt considering introducing Womens Reservation Bill. States want Centre to compensate loss if petro products brought under GST. Economists caution FM Arun Jaitley Dont go Pranabs way with stimulus. JUSTIN CEA arvindsubraman may resign before his term ends ABP. Govt considering Rs 500 billion stimulus spending in 201718. UIDAI slaps notice on Airtel its payments bank for flouting Aadhaar rules. It alleged that Airtel retailers have been opening payments bank accounts using Aadhaar information of customers.. The Narendra Modi government may finally be admitting that India has epic economic problems. Lack of Data Continues to Cast Centres RiverLinking Plans in Poor Light. UIDAI slaps notice on Airtel its payments bank for flouting Aadhaar rules. It alleged that Airtel retailers have been opening payments bank accounts using Aadhaar information of customers.. Haryana Over 18000 Deprived Of Pension In August As Aadhaar Were Incorrect Or Not Linked: [deleted]. OECD report says Indias GDP growth will overtake Chinas in 2018. India considering 7.7 billion stimulus spending in 2017/18 Government sources. AAP govts free WiFi project fails to take off in Delhi unlikely to meet deadline. From missing data to unreliable numbers Indias statistical ecosystem needs an overhaul.. The Daily Fix Centre must order telecom companies to stop pushing for Aadhaar verification. Aadhaar must be wrapped up in hill districts by December Manipurs CM Biren Singh. New Citibank ATM in Bangalore with a fingerprint reader. India tax rebate claims cast doubt over GST success. How Chandrababu Naidus new capital Amaravati has turned into a train wreck. Economic slowdown Five top economists offer ways to put the Indian economy back on track. Losing the way with words In the futile English versus mother tongue divide India seems to be producing students who are comfortable in neither. Bitcoins Trading in bitcoins under taxmen Enforcement Directorate lens. Doing Business in India Without Bribes. Schools Fail Education Test. Soon get tax relief by gifting LPG connection under Ujjawala Plus scheme. Rupee hits 10week low against US dollar in opening trade: [deleted]. GST A defining feature of Indias economy has just fallen prey to the beauty of GST. Pension crisis looms for India as workers shun sunset savings Indian economy is sitting on a ticking pension time bomb as very few of the nations working population are saving for retirement. Andhra Pradesh Gearing Up for EnergyEfficient Growth. Down the Ganga Swachh Bharat along a river some gaps in its wake. 75 pct of eligible taxpayers had not filed returns on last day. Participate tell a Delhi HC committee whether live tweeting from courts should be allowed or disallowed: tldr Delhi HC committee is going to rule on whether live tweeting should be allowed or not. Today is the last date. Theres a google form link below for participation. MediaNamas public submission is linked to below. We copypasted submission text into answer to Q 11 but filled out all fields anyway. Full Following the live tweeting from several lawyers in the Right to Privacy case a Delhi HC committee is running a consultation on whether live tweeting from court should be allowed or not. The notice is here http//delhihighcourt.nic.in/writereaddata/Upload/PublicNotices/PublicNotice7Y3XDWXP.PDF Today is the LAST DAY. We found out about this yesterday. O Live tweeting from court is not new I was in the SC during the 66A hearings where a lawyers was tweeting proceedings but really it was in the Right to Privacy case that it really mattered the tweeting helped many of us follow the case especially me since the SC didnt allow unaccredited journalists in I was refused entry at the SC that morning. So this is important. Theres a form from the committee that you can fill here https//docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdrChhfoDw67BJYMD43pGEhO87ysrgWdzgOMVdlP5o3A/viewformfbzx4007859049027201500 Weve written our MediaNamas submission here that may be used as a reference whether you agree or disagree https//docs.google.com/document/d/1Ytb9Asl1HLeyTAjL9iWGYRlmKvmZyZqjI3kBvRlwlr8/edit. Royal Enfield service center is charging 12 on debit/credit cards payment is it legitimate. China may Block Bitcoin CryptoCurrency P2P Exchanges and OTC trading pl.... An economist says India lacks the guts to even admit that it faces epic economic problems. [Old] 35 govt job quota for women. India Not China Is Now Central To The Future Of The BRICS. Fiscal stimulus imminent What options do PM Modi Jaitley have to revive the economy Normally when governments need to revive economic growth the broad objective must be to reinvigorate four major elements of the economy Capital Labour Entrepreneurship and Land/Farming.. Should Live Reporting And Live Tweeting Of Court Proceedings Be Allowed Delhi HC Invites Suggestions On Media Reporting. Ratan Tata Lavishes Praise on PM Narendra Modi Says He Will Deliver a New India. Union Minister Arun Jaitley Briefs Media After Cabinet Meeting schemes approved [P]. Poor prospects of agricultural growth in Q2. Growth dropped to 5quarter low during Q1 201718. Not a happy festivals season. With the PostGST Trend of Rising Prices Has the Government Taken the Public for a Ride. consumer price index Package soon to boost economy no cuts in fuel rates Arun Jaitley. GST a tectonic shift takes India closer to 8 plus growth says World Bank [NP]. Sports minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore says Khelo India initiative will focus on allround dev. GST Returns GSTN bound to get stuck if 75 percent wait to file returns on last day says Arun Jaitley. India replaces China as top retail destination in 2017 Study. India has the worlds largest number of private security workers industry to double by 2020. With growing income inequality in India Rajul Awasthi calls for reforming Personal Income Tax in India. GSTN bound to get stuck if 75 percent wait to file returns on last day says Arun Jaitley. Govt will announce additional measures to boost economic growth Arun Jaitley. GST to help government register 8 growth World Bank. India women reject poor quality free saris from government. Innovative Ways to reduce the flow of Black Money in the economy.: Hello fellow randians I am studying IT but for some reason we have this subject called Banking and Finance its a low credit course and the title above is the question I recieved as an assignment. I am not that wellversed in Indian Finance or finance in general I needed some help from you guys. How can you find an innovative way to reduce Black Money flow. It has to be creative yet legal i.e. not Sivaji Shivaji the bossstyle . Demonetisation toh kab ka ho gaya. Thus I need help to find atleast 20 ways IDK why he told to do 20. I would be thankful to you if you can help me. . Make own strategy to double farmers income Centre to states. Bihar Total Fertility Rate TFR Births/Women for the period 200813.. Uttar Pradesh Total Fertility Rate TFR Briths/Women for the period 200813.. India Enrolls More Children In Secondary School But Is Failing To Teach Them. Indias creative economy needs creative solutions. It is time to either upgrade Trais capacity or to even start thinking again of an independent and separate broadcasting regulator. NAMAPrivacy Rightsbased approach vs rulesbased approach to data collection. Amazon creates 22000 seasonal job opportunities in India. Revised service charges by Indian banks: Canara Bank [Service charges before and after]https//imgur.com/gallery/jerNu http//www.canarabank.com/english/quickaccess/servicecharges/ http//www.canarabank.com/media/4967/servicechargenotice.pdf State Bank of India https//www.sbi.co.in/portal/web/services/servicechargesfees https//www.sbi.co.in/portal/documents/28392/54637/UPDATEDLISTOFSERVICECHARGESUPLOAD24072017.pdf/84dcf3d818f64c10aa8e277455f1c9b9 ICICI Bank https//www.icicibank.com/servicecharges/regularsavingsaccount.page https//www.icicibank.com/servicecharges/commonservicecharges.page HDFC Bank https//www.hdfcbank.com/personal/feescharges/feescharges https//www.hdfcbank.com/personal/products/accountsanddeposits/savingsaccounts/regularsavingsaccountaccordnameaccordian3 Federal Bank https//www.federalbank.co.in/ratesandcharges https//www.federalbank.co.in/documents/10180/81307/ServicechargesandFees.pdf/741839a8faa64126b09055ea4e18e1b1. All Rohingyas Are Not terrorists if Bangladesh Can Keep Them so Should India Taslima Nasreen. GST a tectonic shift takes India closer to 8 plus growth World Bank. India has averted a million child deaths since 2005. Is Indian economy on the road to recovery of capex cycle. India heading to 20 GW of installed capacity by the end of this financial year. How could I knew linking Aadhaar to sim card was a FREE OFFER. Indian IT companies look to benefit from fresh H1B visa process. Indias Top Aluminum Maker Will Bypass Bonds for Loans Any Day. Time for caution on Indias current account deficit. As the world looks to end the era of easy money India must be prepared. I didnt know linking Aadhaar to sim card was a FREE OFFER. Companies HNIs may soon have to specify reason for paying less advance tax than previous year. RBI notifies P2P lending platforms as NBFCs. An economy heading for the ICU needs a functional GST urgently. Some ID if not Aadhaar needed for subsidised foodgrains HC. Superpower India to Replace China as Growth Engine. What ails Indias public health system. Women employment rate in India sees dramatic drop in last 20 years. Dear ICICI bank when you threaten customers you lose customers.: ICICI bank netbanking shows these messages to holders of privilege savings account https//imgur.com/gallery/TUyxr I sent this letter to customer.careicicibank.com Hi I have a privilege account with ICICI bank. When I logged into netbanking I got this message. Provide aadhaar card or your account will get blocked on Jan 1 2018 Dont give threats to customers. If you do you will lose customers. Read these http//indianexpress.com/article/india/righttoprivacyverdictliveupdatessupremecourtaadhaarjudgment4810934/ http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/supremecourtrulesrighttoprivacyasfundamentalright/articleshow/60203260.cms https//np.reddit.com/r/antiaadhar/wiki/index In November 2017 Honble Supreme Court of India is scheduled to hear the case to decide the legality and constitutionality of UIDAI / Aadhaar. So far you are not asking for the updation of Aadhaar in normal savings accounts. I know because my spouse has a nonprivilege savings account with you. I want you to downgrade my savings bank account from privilege to nonprivilege account without further delay. Kind regards x Edit 1 Customer can push back on bank by withdrawing his/her entire money from his/her bank leaving only MAB Monthly Average Balance Only then will banks push back against RBI. Edit 2 Related post [Revised service charges by Indian banks]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/719tgj/revisedservicechargesbyindianbanks/ . IUC cut An aggressive Reliance Jio a big worry for Airtel Idea. Indias economic slowdown for real SBI research. Equality is a Sickness Diversity is the Cosmic Nature. Debunked Do the maths Indias first bullet train isnt free of cost as Modi claims lazy journalist: The article in question http//www.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/dothemathindiasfirstbullettrainisntfreeofcostasmodiclaims1170918001161.html Scumbag journalist Writes article saying Do the math. Does no math. Faulty Basic Assumptions A look at the JP IN exchange rate over [the last 5 years]https//imgur.com/NcmqjkW is fluctuating around 0.6 for JP1 for the most part. Heres a longer and more detailed view of the [last decade]https//imgur.com/tOxvgAM. While there are spikes and lows the average seems to be sticking to around 0.6 Rupees per Yen. While Japans Inflation Rate trend graph is certainly quite flat when averaged over the last decade or so and the average remains nearzero Indias inflation rate has been trending downwards over the past decade and has [accelerated downwards over the last 5 years]https//imgur.com/SoCXbPi. The author seems to correlate the difference in inflation with the exchange rate but the two are not actually linked directly. For instance Indias inflation rates for the years 2009 and 2010 were steep at 14.97 and 9.47 respectively. During the same years Japans inflation rates were 1.67 and 0.40 respectively. The Yen actually increased in value while the Rupee dropped in value within their respective domestic markets. Yet the [exchange rate from January 2009 till January 2011 the same 2 full years]https//imgur.com/DHgubGX remained relatively steady somewhere between 0.485 0.550 on average a range of about 0.065. One would expect to see a massive increase in the exchange rate with one yen being able to buy significantly more rupees. But that was not the case. So the value of a currency on international markets has little to do with the domesticallyperceived inflation in the country. gtAnother factor to be considered is that while an interest rate of 0.1 may appear free from an Indian perspective it is not so in Japan. Has the author even considered that there are scenarios that are winwin That economics is not a zerosum game This deal should be great for Japan. It can also be good for India. So since the author was a lazy schmuck heres the actual math We are currently getting Japan to invest USD 17 Billion in the project. Since the author is concerned with exchange rates thats JP 1.89 trillion . Which is currently 1.09 trillion. Note While writing this I used figures like JP 1.892 tr and 1.093 tr for my calculations but rounded that last digit off while editing the text in order to avoid visual confusion with the 4digit years like 1967 2067 etc. So the calculation is more precise than it looks. Over 50 years at 0.1 interest rates the amount payable at the end of 2067 would be JP 1.99 trillion. If the current exchange rate were to remain constant that would be 1.15 trillion. But assuming the peak exchangerate in the last 10 years ie 0.71872 July 2012 India would be repaying about 1.43 trillion. Thats STILL an interest rate of less than 0.54 assuming they had loaned us the entire amount in Rupees instead of Yen. So effectively worst case scenario we got a loan of a trillion rupees for 50 years at a 0.5 interest rate. Now heres where the authors argument and lack of math is turned on its head Assuming 0 inflation in Japan the value of that currency when repaid in Yen will be equally valuable in 50 years as it would be if we paid all JP 1.99 trillion upfront. So they arent losing anything but time. Thats great for them. But seeing how Indias inflation is assumed to be significantly above 0 the value of the 1.43 trillion repayment amount in 2067 will actually be lower as perceived within India. Remember domestic inflation doesnt translate directly into exchange rates. So even if the YenRupee exchange rate becomes horribly high the domestic inflation would actually cushion the sum we would have to pay. Still dont get it Okay try this Heres a reallife example using real data from the past I used [this link for the calculation of exchange rate]http//fxtop.com/en/currencyconverterpast.phpA1093ampC1JPYampC2INRampDD01ampMM01ampYYYY1967ampB1ampPampI1ampbtnOKGo21 I used [this link to calculate inflation]http//fxtop.com/en/inflationcalculator.phpA613.9ampC1JPYampINDICEJPCPI2010ampDD101ampMM102ampYYYY11970ampDD201ampMM202ampYYYY22017ampbtnOKComputeactualvalue. Lets forget the trillions for simplicity. Say your Grandpa took a loan of JP 1892.00 50 years ago 1967 at 0.1 interest rate the value of it in Rupees was 39.42. Today you need to repay the loan as it has been 50 years. You need to pay back JP 1989.00. According the the present exchangerate that comes to 1156.00. Now back in Grandpas day 1156 was a lot of money. You could easily pay the rent for 2 months with just 100. In 1967 100 was the average monthly salary in India. 1156 would have been nearly a full years salary back then. Today 1156 is what you pay for 2 large pizzas. In 1967 a Coke was for 0.05 meaning you could buy 23120 bottles of Coke with 1156. Today you can buy only 115 bottles of Coke with that amount the original small glass bottles at that. India experienced a cumulative inflation of 4000 over the last 50 years. Paying back 1156 today feels the equivalent of [paying back 30.25 back in 1967]http//fxtop.com/en/inflationcalculator.phpA30.25ampC1INRampINDICEINCPI1958ampDD118ampMM109ampYYYY11967ampDD219ampMM209ampYYYY22017ampbtnOKComputeactualvalue. Meanwhile in Japan the value of JP 1989.00 today has only dropped to a third of its 1967 value [worth about JP 620.00 of the time]http//fxtop.com/en/inflationcalculator.phpA613.9ampC1JPYampINDICEJPCPI2010ampDD101ampMM102ampYYYY11970ampDD201ampMM202ampYYYY22017ampbtnOKComputeactualvalue. Japan experienced relatively tiny cumulative inflation of 224 over 50 years. So your Grandpa paid off a months rent in 1967 and only had to buy the Japanese lender 2 pizzas 50 years later And the Japanese lender actually lost money in the process Huh. Guess thats why interest rates are higher in currencies that have higher inflation rates. Now obviously if the author is right and Japans inflation remains a flat 0 for the next 50 years then Japan certainly wont lose any money on this deal. Which is excellent for them However it still means that India with a nonnegative inflation rate will actually be coming out on top as long as the currency exchange doesnt go absolutely berserk. Assuming a 3 inflation rate when we pay back 1.43 Trillion in 2067 it will be as if we were paying back only 0.326 Trillion in todays terms. assuming the peak conversion rate of the past 10 years JP IN 0.71872 which is a worstcase scenario This is because 1.4 trillion will have far less perceived value domestically in 2067 than it does in 2017. Put another way if we take 326 Billion today and invest it in a reaaaalllyyy shittyass mutual fund that only yields 3 interest thats impossibly pathetic seriously then in 50 years it will easily pay off our loan of 1.43 Trillion. If youre using a Fixed Deposit scheme that gives 7 interest per annum you will only need to invest 49 Billion. [Try it for yourself here]http//www.thecalculatorsite.com/finance/calculators/compoundinterestcalculator.php So... take this loan of 1.09 trillion and put 49 Billion aside in the 7 fixed deposit account and use the balance 1.04 trillion as you see fit... hire strippers or invest in solar power plants or build a railway with it. What do you call 1.04 trillion bucks that you can do with as you see fit without needing to pay it back You call it free money. Obviously the more wisely you invest it the better the outcomes will be. But yes its effectively free. Now mind you we arent getting it as cash but we are getting it as a solid investment that will generate revenue and pay off its own dues and will have further positive externalities employment new skills and training techtransfer economic growth of connected areas increased urbanization reduced environmental impact reduced accidents lower congestion etc. It will also leave a lot of the money in government coffers available for more investment into other projects over the next few decades many of which should see some decent returns on investment over the next 5 decades. Yes Japan comes out a winner in the deal and so does India The higher our domestic inflation the cheaper our repayment will seem. Just like Grandpas 1156 seems like such a paltry amount when seen from 50 years later. Obviously we dont want the inflation to be too high but having a sub4 inflation rate will keep our economy healthy while reducing the burden on future taxpayers in paying off this big loan. This btw is the reason you should invest your money and ensure that it gives returns of at least 57 per annum in order to beat inflation. Because otherwise sitting in a bank account your money is actually losing value over time. But wait Theres more gtThe 508kmlong Mumbai to Ahmedabad High Speed Rail MAHSR is scheduled for completion in December 2023 but commencement date has been sought to be advanced to August 2022. gtInitially each high speed train will have 10 cars and the capacity to accommodate 750 people The Times of India said. It will increase to 16 cars that will accommodate 1200 people. gtAccording to initial estimates around 1.6 crore people are expected to travel by the bullet train annually. By 2050 around 1.6 lakh commuters should travel by the highspeed train on a daily basis. gt The fares could be in the range of Rs 3000 Rs 5000. Source http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/mostlyelevatedpartlyunderseaallyouneedtoknowaboutmumbaiahmedabadbullettrain/storynzG4ROjD9IRE00FcK4fD7N.html They want to complete it in 56 years but lets be conservative and just give it 10 years. Lets assume that the next 10 years has all the construction and the lowvolume trains running and then just directly jump to the 1200 capacity trains by 2027 for ease of math. That leaves us 40 years to repay 1.43 trillion using only train revenues. The article claims that 1.6 crore people may travel annually initially thats 44000 people per day but that itll increase to 160000 people per day by 2050. Basically they intend to increase capacity to 360 over 40 years. Since capacity isnt something that can increase exponentially well assume a linear growth in capacity from 44k to 160k. The train completes a single trip in 2.5 hours. Assume 30 minute boarding/deboarding time on either end a single train will conservatively make 1 full trip in 3.5 hours. That means that a single train can comfortably make 4 trips in a day 14 hours active duty leaving 10 hours for maintenance and all that jazz. Meaning one train has the capacity to ferry 4800 people per day. 16000044000 116000 people increased capacity over 40 years 116000/4800 24 trains added capacity over 40 years 4012/24 20 months the time it takes to add one more train to the system. Basically One new 1200seater train is added every 20 months for 40 years after a starterpack of 9 trains for the initial load of 44k people per day. So averaged over 40 years there are around 129 trains operating. That gives us 21 trains making 4 trips a day. Side note 214 Thats 84 trips per day both ways meaning that assuming 14 workinghours on a platform there are 3 trains departing every hour in one direction one every 20 minutes convenient. Each trip has a capacity of 1200 people 365 days a year for 40 years. 214120036540 1471680000 passengers total. 1471680000 passengers total thats 1.47 Billion passengers. And how much is being charged per seat per trip 3000 That gives us a total revenue collection of 4.415 Trillion. Lets assume that the train only runs at 70 seating capacity on average. They would still collect 3.09 Trillion. [Operational costs will be around 412 cr 4.12 billion per year]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/YearlybullettrainoperationstocostRs412crReport/articleshow/39191311.cms which comes to a total of 164.8 billion over 40 years. That leaves us with 2.93 Trillion in revenue with which we need to repay a total loan value of 1.43 Trillion. That leaves a cool 1.496 trillion as pure profit after paying back every penny of the loan. Wait what Youre telling me we can basically drop the ticket prices to 1500 per seat an act that will almost surely yield packed trains every day and still pay off the loan I dunno Lets check 1.471 billion trips 1500 2.2075 Trillion. STILL assume just 75 occupancy 1.656 Trillion. Deducting the operational costs leaves 1.491 Trillion. Hot damn we can pay for the train using just ticket collection even if we price the tickets at 1500 and using the most conservative estimates possible. With 1.656 Trillion revenue we easily could allow for an increase in operational costs to 5.675 billion per year a whopping 38 increase in operational costs compared to the 4.12 billion figure and still be able to pay everything off just fine... in just 40 years. Who in their right minds thinks this is a bad idea Hell AhmadabadMumbai Sleeper buses take 8 hours and charge between 7001400. The Shinkansen will be absolutely flooded if they drop prices. DO THE MATH. [AskIndia] Will Aadhaar Babajis Arun Jaitley Ravi Shankar Prasad Narendra Modi be punished for unleashing Aadhaar Terrorism: Recently Baba Ram Rahim got jailed for 20 years. Dictator Sunjay Gandhi who was forcing poor people to undergo vasectomy to reduce the population in India died in a horrible plane crash. By when will Karma catch up with Aadhaar Babajis Arun Jaitley Ravi Shankar Prasad Narendra Modi for unleashing Aadhaar Terrorism unto billion helpless Indians . DEBUNKED Do the maths Indias first bullet train isnt free of cost as Modi claims lazy journalist: [removed]. Economic slowdown is real not just technical SBI Research. GST refund Minisocial crisis brewing. Indians Turn to Phones to Find That One in 1.3 Billion.... The worlds fastestgrowing refugee crisis is taking place in Myanmar. Heres why. For those who are interested in a more detailed ex[p]lanation.. driving rules Government brings out new rules to ensure responsible driving Rules have changed. Do states have the power to modify their part of the GST: Suppose on the 18 slab the state and the centre split 9 each. Do state governments have the power to modify their share or have foregone this power to the centre I.e To boost revenue or attract investment lower or increase on their share of 9. GST a tectonic shift takes India closer to 8 plus growth WB. Exclusive India eyes spending cuts as glitches in GST hit revenue. Are we ready heading for development Nonexistent planning and architecture in Govt initiatives [np]: Non political because it is more about civic sense and how the people are not really contributing in a productive manner for spending the tax payers money. Case in point recntly brought up by one friend as example of modern development in capital city of MP Bhopal. I shit you not it looks like a school project model of Golden gate bridge. A Dhinchak Pooja cringe level even if your highest level was Sapna Awasthi who sang Chaiyya Chaiyya basically a one time wonder not really comparing to Lata Di also AIB here is a ToI coverage of the bridge http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bhopal/rajabhojbridgesetspaceforbhopal/articleshow/58864436.cms here is an image gallery extracted from nonadblocker friendly [patrika site]https//www.patrika.com/photo/bhopal/rajabhojsetubridgeinaugurationinbhopal1003655slide2 https//imgur.com/a/Pkgst Given that the people may feel pride in getting a certain type of image for the cities we live in and the landmarks it has. Having these cartoonish landmarks in sort of waste and invites lampooning instead of pride. Thoughts. HC accepts draft sanitary waste disposal byelaws. PM Modis Focus on Digital India Has Merged Technology and Education Global Online Education Market Booms. India to supply over half of Asias workforce Report. Business StandardModi govt rewards lucky Indians with Rs 200 crore. Amazon creates 22000 seasonal job opportunities in India: [deleted]. In Assam Government Staff Will Lose 10 Of Salary For Not Looking After Parents. Under possibly the first such legislation in the country the amount deducted from their monthly salary will be given to their parents and siblings so they could support themselves.. Honda to shift focus from India if governments push for small car continues. Assam People violating legal age of marriage will not be eligible for govt jobs. Why do our farmers bear the entire burden of keeping food prices low. GST Bill Heres how to spot a fake GST bill The Economic Times. Legislative changes may be needed if GST council agrees to demands of exporters FIEO. Indias economy dark clouds and silver linings. Reviving Indias Economy Kaushik Basu. With just Rs 1080 you can ensure that a girl does not drop out of school Latest News ampamp Updates at Daily News ampamp Analysis. The seven sins of economists. Is Indias stock market headed for another 2008like crash. Economic slowdown is real not just technical SBI Research. Global investors looking to add India stocks at every chance. H1B Visa Fast Processing Resumes in US After 5Month Halt. Youth to propel Indias rise to become global economic superpower. Income tax department Rich farmers watch out Taxman is coming for you with satellites. Pay via debit card Govt wants RBI to cap MDR on digital payments at Rs 200. What if I tell you 1 20.. Why Petrol Prices in India are too low. Ever more Indians are struggling to find work. Mobile Wallet transactions had grown by 14.6M in July 2017. Govt. names and shames directors of shell companies. Roads will be given priority to repair Bhagwant Maan. Graphs of population growth rate of India and China. Department of Development Suspend two employees. Bullet train project All aboard its much more than a MumbaiAhmedabad train ride. Home loan growth hits a new low defying forecast of a realty revival. Bullet Train Dreamers amp visionaries usually win the day cynics dont. Singer Yesudas seeks entry to Padmanabhaswamy temple. Charged Rs.2700 customs duty fee for a Rs.5600 product Help: I ordered a pair of sneakers from a website called dressinn.com and the package finally arrived today at my local post office. They are now asking me to come there pay Rs2700 for a product that cost Rs 5600 and release it. Is there anything I can do to save this expense Can I send it for reassessment Please help.. 3 Months Leave and More What The New Paternity Benefit Bill Can Mean For Dads. Maharashtras farm output is set to dry up as rain stays away.: [deleted]. Maharashtras farmers struggle to marry as irregular income surge in suicides make them unsuitable grooms.. FDI likely to rise further after GST Moodys. It is official banks have to merge UPI QR and BharatQR implications. Maharashtras power plants low on coal stock. As per Central Electricity Authority norms if the coal stock in a thermal power plant is four or less than four days of its requirement then it is classified as supercritical. If it is between five and seven days then it is classified as critical.. First you eat meat then meat eats you Maneka Gandhi. India eyes spending cuts as glitches in new tax hit revenue. Rickshaws to jump start Indias allelectric drive. ICICI will cease my account unless I add Aadhaar number by Dec 31. NHAI mulls taking public route to raise funds awaits Finance Ministry nod Nitin Gadkari. Ujjwala Plus Sponsor LPG connection get tax relief Times of India. New milestone for Real estate in India likely PE inflows may hit 4 bn in 2017. Nitin Gadkari cracks whip tells banks to fall in line step up financing for HAM projects. Modi Government Eyes Spending Cuts as Glitches in GST Hit Revenue. Khan Academy ties up with Karnataka govt for maths science. Panel finds unmonitored BBMP bank accounts. MCA21 registration Law Ministry asks Centre to defer making Aadhaar compulsory. Have Aadhar only then go pubbing in Hyderabad. The Daily Fix Hyundais complaint against GST is a red flag about Indias economic management. IndiaVietnam Bilateral Economic Ties The Road Ahead. Petrol Price may come Down by Diwali GST . Subramanian Swamy says economy is heading for depression claims warning govt last May. Infrastructure spending may slow down as glitches in GST hit revenue. India economy to be USD 7trillion behemoth in 10 years says report. India open to 100 per cent FDI in defence with full tech transfer says Defence official. Clearing some question on japan India fast rail.:  I have been a fan of trains and i am not a expert but there are alot of questions about this train. so decided to answer them . if you have any then post below i will try my best to find answer. Q. isnt hyper loop better A. hyper loop is for whattsapp unkils only. Q. Are there enough passengers A. Currently there are about 20 different flights each day between the cities which are about to be connected and quite a lot of first class rail passengers which it is likely to take all of and at least some good number of plane passengers. Q. will it actually get passenger willing to pay that money instead of a slow cheap train A. this is the hardest one to crack they have gone for a west coast for a reason because it has the population density and also purchasing power which will likely double by that time for such an endeavor. Q. Why this high speed railway instead of improving service in northeast or solving other problems A. Well japan will never give this type of loan for such task. it will actually help railway spend more money on existing infrastructure and other expansion because now they wont have to spend its own money on building a fast train enabling that money to be spend on other places. Q.Will it make money A. it will never make money. just like air travel or current rail travel it will be subsidized by the govt. Q. Will japan make alot of money from interest A. actually japan will loose money. even at 0.1 interest the devaluation of Japanese currency by that time will mean japan will be loosing money. Q. So how will japan make money then A. About 30 of money will likely flow back to japan giving stimulus to it local producers or other companies. But japan could have given that money directly to its companies is form of tax breaks. The real reason is it will give money to alot of those companies to build a office in india and build relation ship with local manufacturers just like how even after becoming the biggest bike maker hero still remained dependent on honda for alot of technologies and how honda today has a big market share in india which it would have never gained without that partnership Q. will it benefit india A. Not sure about india. but it will definitely benefit modi. Q. is this being done to counter chinas OROB A. Not really the projects were in pipeline way before OROB became famous. Q. Will it help national security A. yes it will run on electricity and will compete with air travel which uses imported fuel. so it will definitely help. Q. why not just use planes instead A. Planes cant replace trains. Even in champion of capitalism USA there are govt subsidized passenger trains. Planes cant match trains in scale of rural passengers. planes tend to only server big cities. Q. any impressive thing to break these boring questions A. it will give rise to indias first reallyreally big mega city not in population but in physical size travel time between Surat Vadodara and Ahmedabad will be less than 1/2 hour enabling a person to live in one city and do job in another. Q. Will india be able to pay back the loan A. This is the most important question. actually paying back is the easy part of the project. the hard part is building it on time and avoiding hike in cost. If cost rises because of delays then japan will not give another generous loan to cover that and govt will end up spending its own money.. The seven sins of economists: [deleted]. World economy may be slipping into Great Depression problems Rajan [2015]. Former RBI chief Raghuram Rajan Way out of jobs crisis is to reignite growth. Former RBI chief Raghuram Rajan Way out of jobs crisis is to reignite growth. In an exclusive interview with India Today former RBI chief Raghuram Rajan talks about the trajectory of the global economy and Indias most pressing priorities.: [deleted]. Reading the tea leaves. India eyes spending cuts as glitches in new tax hit revenue. Union Budget 2018 may see more aggressive fiscal push. my article on innovating in India. Rs 65000 crore GST credit CBEC scans highvalue claims. Rickshaws to jump start Indias allelectric drive: [deleted]. Indias revered IITs are missing the mark when it comes to topnotch job placements. India set to replace China as Asias growth engine Here is why. When Japanese bullet train flopped in Taiwan Lessons for India. Indias pharmaceutical research problem. [SERIOUS] Why are people hesitant on giving AADHAAR details or getting it linked : AADHAAR has to start one day or the other. The earlier we do it the better. I understand that the AADHAAR data is too sensitive to be in the wrong hands but how long do we delay until this becomes a norm Identifying every single person uniquely for good/bad is needed for this country. Even as a common man we cheat we lie and we do wrong things in our daily lives. This has to stop for a better future. Else we will all be stuck in the same limbo for ever. We will never give the next generation a better world. If we dont We will pass on the Yeh sab chaltha hai attitude to our kids. This is the one of the best way to bring every single person into doing the things correctly. I feel crime rates will reduce. Illegal immigrants will be caught. Government benefits will reach the people who deserve it. Government services will only be credited to a valid citizen. People will be made to pay taxes what they owe to the country. There will be lessons learnt by every single person when they are caught doing wrong. If we consider developed countries valid citizens cant open a bank account without a proper government ID equivalent to AADHAAR. You cant even book a hotel room. They are being tracked everywhere they go. Why are we radians so scared about it I am also sure that there will be a lot of lives affected. I expect a lot of damage for people whom it was not intended to. But for a better future if we all support it in the right way to the country the damage will be minimized. In the right hands we all can look forward for a better country. Can people throw some logical or even an realistic scenario where it would be life threatening for an Indian or his family to get an AADHAAR card and link it to our bank phone vehicle property etc In the current state of AADHAAR maintained would it actually destroy a persons life family and his future . India to overtake China as global super power Deloitte. Maharashtra to begin work on Rs 1 trillion infra projects this year. https//www.nytimes.com/2017/09/13/magazine/whattheworldsemptiestinternationalairportsaysaboutchinasinfluence.html. Rice millers protested against procurement policy. Ola Uber driver pay cut by a third incentives drop 60 Report. Bullet Train Dreamers amp visionaries usually win the day cynics dont. 3 cops for each VIP but just 1 for every 663 aam aadmi. Paedophile Registry in India: With the recent spate of Sexual Abuse on children in India I believe a strong step needs to be taken urgently to safeguard our children. In view of the same I started a petition http//chn.ge/2y70lHn on change.org to be submitted to Maneka Gandhi Prakash Javadekar and PM Narendra Modi. What surprises me most is that while we as a nation condemn such acts of abuse and violence so vehemently on the day of the event but when it comes to finding a solution and working towards solving an issue why do we become so complacent Still positive to make a change I am trying to keep this petition active and trying hard to garner support to take it to victory. This is an earnest request to be part a movement to get India rid of more Sexual Abuses of our children in the hands of Paedophiles. Kindly support and sign the petition. Many Thanks. Link to click http//chn.ge/2y70lHn. Paedophile Registry in India: [removed]. Rs 5000 minimum balance rule debated in SBI. The dangers of Indias Billionaire Raj. Linking Mobile Number With Aadhaar Misinterpreting A Supreme Court Order. Over 25 of SIM cards linked to Aadhaar UIDAI. 49000 fraudulent operators blacklisted till now says UIDAI. Aadhaar may be made compulsory for land deals too. After turning back 60000 job seekers for lack of Aadhaar MP govt offers retest. Government plans to make PAN the business Aadhaar for companies NGOs. Calls it grave injustice goes to SC Man refuses to obtain Aadhaar for self family. Son denied college admission hospital treatment without it. Rickshaws to jump start Indias allelectric drive. Time for caution on Indias current account deficit. As the world looks to end the era of easy money India must be prepared. Narendra Modi inaugurates Sardar Sarovar Dam 9 facts about the dam. Calls it grave injustice goes to SC Man refuses to obtain Aadhaar for self family: [deleted]. Banks witness surge of wilful defaults numbers cross Rs 1 lakh cr. Superpower India to Replace China as Growth Engine. Rickshaws to jump start Indias allelectric drive. Lakshmi Cryptocurrency by Indian Government like Bitcoin. 1600 Ukhand schools have no toilets 733 have no water for kids. Odisha not bothered to know why its newborns are dying CAG. HSBC sees India as a 7 trillion economy by 2028 overtaking Germany Japan. Indian Navy MiG eyes deal to supply military jets to Navy: [deleted]. No grant after May Punjab schools serve midday meals on credit. Coercion Consent And Our Constitution Senior Advocate Shyam Divan Explains The Aadhaar Enigma [Video] Live Law. Taxpayers claim Rs 65000 crore as refund of Rs 95000 crore collected under GST. Govt orders probe. Why Japan is pouring lakhs of crores in cutrate loans to build infrastructure across India. A school where there are five teachers to teach only 4 students. Government attaches highest importance to research in Homoeopathy Shri Shripad Naik. Indias demonetisation report card. Ahead of Karnataka election CM confident about passing Antisuperstition bill. India likely to be third largest economy by 2028 HSBC report. Passengers in reserved coaches can only sleep between 10pm and 6am Railways. Crux. The Claims of the Bullet Train Investment or Showoff. Best possible financial negotiation Japanese Bullet Train: There is a clear misinformation campaign and propaganda with respect to India acquiring the Bullet Train technology from Japan. Attempts are being made to compare the project to past infrastructure projects and to create an illusion that India cannot afford the costs of the train system. Nothing could be further from reality. Expected to cost around 14.5bn a little over 80 of the project will be financed by a soft loan from Japan which has a worldfamous network of highspeed trains already in place and whose Prime Minster Shinzo Abe has a longstanding relationship with Modi. Putting it in perspective initially the cost of the project was initially estimated to be Rs. 98000 crores later decision was taken to make the entire corridor elevated for safety considerations and to reduce the land requirements the cost was therefore revised to Rs. 108000 crores. Japanese soft loan would fund approximately 81 of the project cost. Project planned be completed by December 2023 preponed target of testing amp commissioning is August 2022. The terms of the Soft Loan are an example of impeccable negotiation and great trust both India and Japan have put in their relationship. Key Aspects of Funding Japan will pay for 87480 crores of total 108000 crore requirements. The loan interest rate is an unbelievable 0.1 per annum The repayment period is 50 years including a grace period of 15 years Major portions of large scale infrastructure projects are financed by debt and the cost of debt is a significant portion of the total costs. Given project is expected to be delivered by 2023 India would already start generating revenue from the system a healthy 7 years before it makes its first committed instalment. For such projects the funding from World Bank is also generally at rate not less than 57 percent with 2533 years payback terms. Given the network is largely elevated it doesnt require massive Land Acquisition effort on part of the Government and available land could be monetized. One cannot negate the growth boost the entire infrastructure industry will get with advent of the project cement steel construction equipment manpower massive development will take place in all allied sectors uplifting them overall. There will thousands of jobs created directly catering to the Project operations run and maintenance and thousands of other jobs in fulfilment sector. The most important feature is we are not spending our money for Pay per Use technology. Under the aegis of Make In India the agreement stipulates technology and knowledge transfer which will ensure India will be selfreliant and there will be minimal dependence on anyone. While the Bullet Train project may look expensive on paper the above facts highlight it in fact isnt. The bullet train project will have a positive multiplier effect on the economy for example a lot of the land along the rail corridor is not being used for industrial purposes. With the bullet train they will now be brought into the fold and properly developed. The project like this cant be seen in isolation of standalone costs without looking at overall benefits it brings to entire economy by creating jobs and sustainable development. Source https//blog.mygov.in/bestpossiblefinancialnegotiationjapanesebullettrain/. Govt mulling Indias own cryptocurrency Lakshmi. Raw RSS feed on aadhaar News India: RSS Feed https//news.google.com/news/rss/search/section/q/aadhaar/aadhaarhlenINampnedin Suggested client to read the above RSS feed https//www.mozilla.org/enUS/thunderbird/ To avoid misunderstanding of abbreviation of RSS https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSS. Addressing Indias income inequality. BHIM saw 6.8M transactions in August 2017 accounting for 41 of UPI payments. The accountability framework of UIDAI Concerns and solutions. The dangers of Indias Billionaire Raj: [deleted]. GST CBEC orders verification of large tax credit claims. India feeling the heat on Belt and Road. As Indias job market recovers these specialised skills will be in focus by 2020. Has India got its big cat count right ask scientists: [deleted]. Schoolkids Remain Hungry 160 Kg Ration For Midday Meal Fed To Cows At A Dairy In Meerut. Red Salute to the Farmers of Rajasthan. Madhya Pradesh Gwalior Municipal Body to Pay Rs 100 Reward Per Photo of Open Defecation: [deleted]. Rs 5000 minimum balance rule debated in SBI: [deleted]. How Indias Debt Could Kill Its Growth A look at the threat facing the worlds fastestgrowing large economy in six charts. IndiaJapan fares could come down with opensky pact. Book Review I Do What I Do Does a green card make you less Indian. Pincode 231225 The Indian postal system is no longer a mere disburser of mails says Post Master General M U Abdali [xposted /r/bharat]: [deleted]. How much of India is actually urban. How much of India is actually urban: [deleted]. 21 Indians likely to face job threat by 2022 FICCI report. Opposed by Dave last year wildlife board denotifies forest in Ranthambore for mine: [deleted]. Raghuram Rajan talks demonetisation Indian economy and life after RBI. Reviving stalled projects focus on infra key to growth Raghuram Rajan. Indias pharmaceutical research problem. How to make Indian courts more efficient. Infosys Hasnt Failed Government Backs IT Firm Amid GST Tech Glitches. Vyapam whistleblower sees scam in NEET. Anand Rai to approach Delhi HC with evidence of tampered computers [Old] [July 2017]. Why do some of us need bullet train: We dont have a good mass transport system. The current railways are not comfortable enough too slow dirty and dangerous. Even if there are people starving in different parts of India I would still support this project because Its almost interestfree loan. The loan is a 50year loan at an interest rate of 0.1 with a moratorium on repayments up to 15 years. A small part of the funding comes from Gujarat and Maharastra so other Indians dont need to complain. MumbaiAhamadabad can be scaled up to connect all major cities in India once technology transfer happens. Domestic manufacturing will be cheaper and most states can afford. China built bullet trains in this way and now they have the largest highspeed network in this planet. If we invest now in next 20 years we can also be like them. . Desperate Rayalaseema farmers send PM Modi the only gift they can afford 68 paise each. [NP] Why China Is Afraid of India : [deleted]. Why Petrol Prices are Rising Despite Lower Global Crude Prices Detailed Analysis. Country of a chosen few. As complaints mount CAG starts audit of GST Network. Raghuram Rajan Explains Policy Making. Guwahati to be made gateway to southeast Asia Assam CM. Shower Thought BJP is more socialist and antibusiness a fact we should have realized back in 2011/12/13 when they were vehemently opposing FDI: http//www.ndtv.com/indianews/willopposefditillourlastbreathbjp515464 http//www.thehindu.com/todayspaper/tpinschool/willopposefditillourlastbreathbjp/article4486301.ece http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/BJPneverinfavourofFDIinmultibrandretailArunJaitley/articleshow/47341050.cms . Widening current account deficit a new worry for Modi government RBI. Internet access for 1.3 billion Indians key factor in next Telecom policy. Uttar Pradesh registers highest postGST revenue growth in country. Indias Foreign Exchange Reserves Hit 400 Billion For First Time. High Food Fuel Prices vs Bullet Train Misplaced Priorities. Govt considering its own cryptocurrency To be named Lakshmi currency to fall in the domain of Reserve Bank. Reviving stalled projects focus on infra key to growth Raghuram Rajan: [deleted]. 25 Million Jobs Can Be Created In Digital Infrastructure Space Telecom Secretary. IndiaJapan fares could come down with opensky pact: [deleted]. How Indias Debt Could Kill Its Growth A look at the threat facing the worlds fastestgrowing large economy in six charts: [deleted]. Exclusive India aims to revamp health scheme lower costs after criticism. Taking stock of the Indian Economy Consumption key to GDP growth. Theres no scientific evidence but AYUSH ministry is recommending alternative medicines for dengue. Assam government employees will face a 10 salary cut if they dont take care of their parents. Bullet Trains Redefining Travel Or Financial Disaster. GST transitional credit Taxpayers claim Rs 65000 crore as refund of Rs 95000 crore collected under GST. Govt orders probe. Indias GDP growth likely to slip below 7 per cent this fiscal DBS. An India where knowledge is free. India at 70 Avoiding traps. World economy may be slipping into Great Depression problems Rajan [2015]. Why India needs a Bullet Train. [P] Japan PM Shinzo Abes visit to India puts spotlight on bullet train renewable energy. Netas And Babus Will Get Electric Cars As Govt Will Soon Buy 1000 Vehicles To Go Eco Friendly. Addressing Indias income inequality: [deleted]. How OffGrid Renewable Energy Came To The Rescue In Indias Flood Zones: [deleted]. Rs 65000 crore GST credit CBEC scans highvalue claims. Indonesia is the new gold route to India. Mumbai may face power cuts as coal shortage hits power generation.. Loadshedding only exposes MSEDCLs poor planning say Pune activists. Power utility release a statement that due to problems with availability and supply of coal to electricity producing plants a temporary loadshedding is being carried across the state.. MumbaiNagpur Super Highway Cases against farmers pile up as they resist land acquisition [Old] [June 2017]. Maharashtra Farmers term government proposal of outright purchase as dacoity [Old] [May 2017]. High Food Fuel Prices vs Bullet Train Misplaced Priorities: [deleted]. After massive Rs 65000 cr tax credit claims made by businesses ahead of GST rollout CBDT orders probe. Ban lifted on export of tur urad ampamp moong dal. In a historic first for India forex reserves cross 400 bn mark. forex reserves 400 billion ampamp counting India puts up a special show. External debt of India drops 2.7 pct to 471.9 bn records first such drop in 5 years. At 2.4 current account deficit widest in 4 years Times of India. Indirect tax Rs 65000 crore GST credit CBEC scans highvalue claims. Export growth hits 10 in August despite GST jitters. Petrol Prices Has government realised consumers wont ignore steep hike in fuel prices. Petrol Prices Has government realised consumers wont ignore steep hike in fuel prices. Bhaiya aur Behno Petrol price fact check. Why India Can Do Without Rohingyas. High Food Fuel Prices vs Bullet Train Misplaced Priorities: [deleted]. High Food Fuel Prices vs Bullet Train Misplaced Priorities: [deleted]. That sinking feeling. In contrast to its pronouncements the governments own data suggest the economy is in a deep hole.. Uttar Pradesh farm loan waiver 19 paise writeoff is a cruel joke govt needs to explain the math. engineers day Why India celebrates Engineers Day on the birth anniversary of M. Visvesvaraya. Indias forex reserves top 400 billion for the first time shows RBI data. Current account deficit widens to 2.4 of GDP in Q1 RBI data. Indias burgeoning digital economy to provide 5070 lakh jobs IT Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad. Governor launches Swachhta Hi Sewa campaign in Nagaland. Indias external debt down 3 to 472 bn in FY17. Govt using tech to attain the vision of New India Naqvi. Indian exports rise for 12th straight month grow 10.29 in August. Bihar students write to PM Modi against decision to make IITJEE Advanced test online. The students have already written to the Union HRD minister and to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on September 8 urging the later to take up the issue with the Centre.. Population Control Indian State Approves Proposal for TwoChild Policy Like Chinas. Another Infra Mega Project Coming Up Soon Bids Finalised For Mumbai Trans Harbour Link. Assam partners with Rajasthan to explore culture tourism. Forex reserves to top 400 billion for 1st time in boost to India safety buffer. Govt launches free contraceptive shots for women. Soon Aadhaar to be linked with drivers licence says Union minister RS Prasad. MumbaiAhmedabad Bullet Train To Cost 70 More Than Highway Budget. Aadhaar mandatory for Provident Fund contributions: I received an email from my firms payroll team reminding me to link my Aadhaar with my Provident Fund account. If I do not do it all contributions to my PF account will stop starting next month. I checked the rules and it specifically says that the contributions will stop even if I do not have an Aadhaar. Was there a government announcement or circular that I missed I have asked my firm for clarification but I wanted to check with you guys too. Thanks. Onion prices fall 35 after IT raids on Nashik traders Times of India. Drought likely to hit 235 districts due to rain deficit says India Meteorological Departmen. Tax authorities to scan transition credit claim of 162 companies. The dangers of Indias Billionaire Raj. Indias 1st bullet train cost track lenth speed stations etc.. Indias petrol and diesel prices among Southeast Asias costliest. CM launches Maha Mission 1 Million. Why Indian GST Is Attracting Attention Of Policymakers Across World. The accountability framework of UIDAI Concerns and solutions. After having experienced both the regimes I feel that UPA era was much much better than the current one do you agree: I dont have any hard data to prove it like GDP PCI etc. but this is based more on what Ive observed. More important than the ideologies its about the working style. In computer software world there is an adage If its working then dont try to fix it. I dont like people tinkering with existing stable systems especially when even the slightest change could bring about a disaster. DeMo and GST are similar real world examples. Maybe they are not bad maybe they are good for the economy as the government is saying but there is a way and schedule to bring it about and the way the current government has brought it is totally messy. And dont give me that at least they tried while the congress didnt do anything. I would rather have the government sit on their laurels not doing anything than poke a finger in established and working systems. Who do they think the general public is beta testers or guinea pigs edit In fact I was a big fan of BJP and NaMo at the time of 2013 elections and even gladly used to share his campaign PR messages forwarded by my friends and colleagues at the workplace ab ki baar Modi sarkaar. In fact I would have still retained that perception had he just sat there in Delhi doing nothing. But came DeMo and now this GST and it screwed my whole perception. Railways Ministry approves mAadhaar as ID proof for train passengers. Aadhaar enrolment centres continue to dupe people by charging for free services. Centre Plans To Link Driving License To Aadhaar Card . Currently people use multiple licenses to break the law because if one license is impounded or suspended then the person has another one as backup.. GST will affect Indias informal sector that was already hit by demonetisation says UN report. Onion prices fall 35 after IT raids on Nashik traders Times of India. India can become worlds factory Japan committed to Make in India Abe. Indias revered IITs are missing the mark when it comes to topnotch job placements. No Restrictions For Now On H1B Visas Say US Officials To NDTV. India can become worlds factory Japan committed to Make in India Abe: [deleted]. Govt continues to procure branded drugs even as it bats for generics. CURVES DONT LIE Andhra Capital Coming Up On Floodplains And Paleo Channels That Play A Role In Controlling Overflow Of A River. Along bank capital trouble builds for Krishna. 14 out of 16 lossmaking ITDC hotels to be sold off Alphons Kannanthanam. Interlinking of rivers a disastrous move Water Man. Why multiplatform sharing of digital rights works for everyone. As bullet train project kicks off 9 derailments in 27 days suggest crisis. Festival season sales Ecommerce is battling note ban GST blues Paytm Mall may just muddy the waters more. India China best bets for green investors says Morgan Stanley. How artificial onion crisis created by Indian traders helped Pakistan. Who will be responsible for our stolen Adhaar info if something like Equifax happens in India: Even the setus bhandar is asking me to link adhaar to my account or else he will tell my mom that i always buy chocolates with the remaining change. Who will be held responsible if our data gets stolen I can already sense the databases username and password might be admin and password . Petrol prices may come down from Rs 70 to Rs 38 under GST. Will government do it. The Government of the day is playing SIM City in real life with NO reset button. xpost r/Showerthoughts. Kid Penniless After Minimum Balance Rule. GST Exporters seek clarity on incentives under GST. Mandi tax Uneven Mandi tax adds to GST burden. Traders threaten strike if return filing under GST not made simpler. Uttar Pradesh tax department launches webpage for GST related complaints. Economy in dense fog reforms such as GST induced significant uncertainty Credit Suisse. GST cess Honda hikes prices of models by up to 89069. Fewer people are buying flash drives post GST internal memory expansion in smartphones. Resolve GST issues in textile industry to foster growth SIMA. GDP growth Had Centre not mopped up taxes from oil sector its capex spending could not have risen. Every rupee goes everywhere How banks facilitate risk diversification. FPI inflows Indias forex reserves all set to hit whopping 400 bn mark here is how long it took and why. GBs object attempt to link aadhaar with ration cards. UIDAI wants changes in rules to make Aadhaar a must for NRI marriages. Petrol diesel prices As states agree to cap VAT on natural gas at 5 uniform petroleum tax may not remain a distant dream. GST Tax officials may go for searches surveys to widen base under GST. India China unlikely to be growth poles for global economy UNCTAD. Aadhaar linkage trick man cheated of 50K. Jinnah Rohingyas and Pakistan: [deleted]. National Health Policy 2017 and Right to Health Negation of Reality. Grim signal from raids and online sales Flourishing trade in monitor lizard part. Indias August WPI inflation rises most in four months. No ambulance for pregnant women without Aadhaar say MNREGA Workers from MP. NO AMBULANCE FOR PREGNANT WOMEN WITHOUT AADHAAR SAY MNREGA WORKERS FROM MP: [deleted]. Telangana surpasses all India growth in attracting investments Assocham. Govt aims to triple Indias food processing capacity Harmsimrat Kaur Badal. Overseas investors bullish on India dollar debt even as economy slows heres why. As India Prepares For Bullet Train 9 Derailments In 27 Days Reveal Safety Crisis. India has narrow pool of mustard varieties say agricultural scientists. Focus on infrastructure power and exports to boost GDP growth Raghuram Rajan. End of road for 10yrold diesel cars in DelhiNCR NGT refuses to lift ban. Fuel Vegetable Prices Push Wholesale Inflation To 4Month High. Everything you need to know about MumbaiAhmedabad Bullet train.. Himachal Lifts Ban On Three Wheel Rickshaws. Indias August WPI inflation rises most in four months. Indias exports to Japan halve to 3.85 billion in four years. How much of India is actually urban Census data suggests that 31 of India is urban but satellite images suggest that Indias urban population is more than twice that figure. India plans larger oil auctions as Narendra Modi pursues import cuts. After UP waiver farmers in other states stop paying off loans. Air India disinvestment process gets started Govt seeks applications for three advisers. What problems can be solved through RTI. FDI inflow from Japan rose to 4.7 billion in 201617 from 1.7 billion in 201314 shortly before Narendra Modi took over as PM. RBI is considering cryptocurrency route for the digital Rupee. NGT Refuses To Lift Ban On 10YearOld Diesel Vehicles In DelhiNCR amp 15 Year Old Petrol Vehicles also banned. Can someone explain why the petrol / diesel prices are rising in spite of low global crude oil prices: It appears the global crude oil prices are at an all time low and affecting oil based economies. But it seems our fuel prices are silently being raised at an alarming rate [ almost 10 inc in 23 months ]. There doesnt seem to be any significant outcry. This is a big issue as this will have a ripple effect and raise the price of all commodities. Someone who knows economics and stuff please explain if this actually makes sense or we are just being screwed.. Government to Grant Citizenship to Chakmas following Supreme Court order. Japan Is Selling Bullet Trains to India Bloomberg. Bullet Train Project Launched PM Thanks Japans Abe For Gift 10 Points. Interview This is a kind of economic collapse. The first step to tackle it is to acknowledge it. Modinomics meet the industrial slowdown. Govt focus on road sector yields positive results ICRA. Monetisation of 75 projects via TOT to fetch Rs 35600cr ICRA. IndiaJapan business ties are at an alltime high. Snags raise doubts over GSTN tech bone. India Ranks 128th in UNs Healthrelated Sustainable Development Goals SDGs: [deleted]. Jammu and Kashmir govt seeks police clearance Rs 5 lakh deposit from crossLOC traders. GST Govt sets up panel to receive profiteering complaints. GST woes Exporters allege no duty drawback refund from states. GST impact Blue Star reviews expansion plan. BBMP wants 25 funds from States GST kitty. Petrol diesel should come under GST says Pradhan. Karnataka unveils EV policy First state to formulate an electric vehicle policy. Make Aadhaar mandatory for NRI marriages Expert panel to MEA. After midday meal linked to Aadhaar 13L fewer class 18 students in Bihar schools. Pravasis seek clarity on Aadhaar. In MP pregnant women need Aadhaar for ambulance. Dont join hypocrites in condemning Myanmar. Govt rules out tax rollback as fuel prices rise says hurricanes Harvey and Irma impacted crude prices. Karnataka wants to become the electric vehicle capital of India. Indian Movie Actor Mobbed By Press After Arrest of Torrent Site Admin. Indias effort to counter Chinas OBOR could soon get a big Russian helping hand [Policy]. This is why the Madras HC has ordered a doctor to hoist the National Flag for one week. India lags behind in meeting UNs 2030 health target Lancet. Government asks 1222 NGOs to validate bank accounts. Exploding population hampering sustainable development Naqvi. Aadhaar card Four Aadhaar linking deadlines you should not miss. Airtel will to identify monitor and deliver network improvements based in individual devices Privacy. my article on how India can think and grow rich. Uttar Pradesh hospitals to get over 2000 doctors soon. Hyundai boss hits out at Indian governments GST cess: [deleted]. Telugu to be made compulsory up to Class XII in Telangana. GST council to meet on Oct 24 rates of 60 items likely to be cut. GST Rates Frequent changes in tax rates to impact investment Hyundai. As India Inc struggles to cut down debt the economy suffers. India Inc debt hits sevenyear high of Rs 18 trillion. Looking for a job India Inc finally has some good news for you. Indian toymakers forced to play by the rules as govt cracks down on quality. Rolling down the plastic highway. Retail Inflation Hits 5Month High of 3.36 Due to Costlier Vegetables and Fruits. Indias factory output rises so does inflation. Can rupee be replaced RBI looking into cryptocurrencies not comfortable with bitcoin. India moves closer towards achieving its goal of financial inclusion. Zero balance accounts under Jan Dhan down to 20 from 77 in 3 yrs. Teach Telugu as compulsory subject in schools says Telangana CM Rao. India Cenbank Looking Into Cryptocurrencies Not Comfortable With Bitcoin. How Arvind Kejriwals focus on water and mohalla clinics will prove to be a game changer: [deleted]. Centre clears bill to double taxfree gratuity to Rs 20 lakh. India Taxing Li 5 Billion Is So Retro. India Inc debt hits sevenyear high of Rs 18 trillion: [deleted]. As India Inc struggles to cut down debt the economy suffers: [deleted]. Less Than 6 Medical College Seats in India per One Lakh Population. Rohingya crisis Humanitarian grounds cannot undermine national security India must defy coer. 15 Japanese firms to invest in Guj JICA to give infra loan. Airtel will to identify monitor and deliver network improvements based in individual devices Privacy: [deleted]. Big Data enters Indian policy Economists have now begun to use machine learning to extract information from satellite images. Forced insolvency seen driving India deals to 80 billion. Direct Tax Government moves to rework direct tax law after PM Narendra Modis nudge. Govt approves BSNLs plan to spin off mobile tower business. Pharma stockists see fall in business transactions postGST survey. GST fallout Contractors threaten boycott of developmental works. Tax consultants protest against glitches in GST. 6month cooling off period for granting divorce can be waived SC. Union Cabinet approves doubling of gratuity payment. NPA Suggest steps for greater relief to telcos Telecom Commission to interministerial panel. Is Thomas Piketty right about inequality in India. Shell companies Govt identifies over 1 lakh directors for blacklist. Whether its fighting polio or meningitis India has shown way in health innovation. Interview Former AG Mukul Rohatgi Says He Never Intended to Contest Indias Right to Privacy. Rohingya crisis Neighbours China Bangladesh and Pakistan not enough to hamstring India from assisting Myanmar. Big drop in online hiring in ITeS/BPO sector. Srinivas Kuchibhotla Widow Faces Deportation From US. Hyundai hits out at frequent changes in tax rates on automobiles by GST council says it will impact investment. Big Data enters Indian policy Economists have now begun to use machine learning to extract information from satellite images: [deleted]. Dont think we will be able to give any relaxation to Rohingya Muslims Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi. Focus on infrastructure power and exports to boost GDP growth Raghuram Rajan. Indian economy can grow at 910 says Raghuram Rajan. Rising food prices push Indias August retail inflation to fivemonth high. Why should I get this done when having an Aadhar number is not compulsory. Retail inflation rises to 3.36 industrial production growth slips to 1.2. GST SGPC seeks expert opinion. GST opens a Pandoras box for exporters. GST Confusion over branded food GST. GSTN glitches Modi won the demonetisation perception war he would win the GST deflection war as well. But Mr Prasad Im Forced to Link Aadhaar to These Facilities. Poor show in world rankings Government has a mega plan to boost higher education. India Hikes Wage Ceiling under Payment of Wages Act. Online hiring in India registers 14 rise in August. Is Softex declaration needed for independent contractor app developer for a single foreign client: Dear Redditors I am working as an independent contractor app developer for a foreign client and get paid in convertible exchange. Today my bank asked whether it qualifies under export of software service and if so I should supply them a softex declaration. Can anyone please confirm if this is needed in my case. The Nightmare Called GSTN Implementation Issues Can Derail Indias Biggest Tax Reform. GST Indias manufacturing sector must grow substantially for 910 per cent GDP growth ASSOCHAMEY study. 50 Lakh Crackers Should Be Enough For Delhi NCR Says Supreme Court. Govt mulls Rs10 trillion public financing for infrastructure projects. Currently Excise Duty on Diesel is more than 4 times of what it used to be in 2014. Why inequality in India is at its highest level in 92 years. Reuters Report Indian inflation seen at 5 month high. Indias burgeoning youth are the worlds future India is likely to have the worlds largest workforce by 2027 with a billion people aged between 15 and 64. Whether thats a good or bad thing remains to be seen. Not KYC know your employee too to check fraudsCVC to banks. Government eyes one 18 GST rate or dual slab of 12 amp 18. GDP dip in face of global recovery worrying Rajan. Did liberalization lead to lower income growth for the poor. Defence Ministry will not be the same anymore Nirmala Sitharaman is making these changes. No respite for RBI as inflation to quicken in slowing India. AhmedabadMumbai bullet train deadline advanced to 2022 Piyush Goyal. Measles cases in India dropped by 43 in a year WHO. How to Skill India When the Jobs are Bad There a growing chasm between corporate Indias hiring strategy and the aspirations of Indias young workers.. Indias Export Slump and the Troublesome Rupee. [OLD] Its the technology stupid. WHO ready to help India eliminate TB by 2025. Fake Aadhaar card network busted in Kanpur. Fake Aadhaar card network busted in Kanpur: [deleted]. Pro Kannada outfit shuts down banking exam centres across Ktaka several aspirants affected. Goas Population Problems. GST Who can opt for the composition scheme. When GST heads to the courtroom. Decoding GST IGST cash out of states reach. GST on handmade products Activists seek Karnataka legislatures intervention. No GST on sitar but tax string on guitar. Finally exporters hope for solution to GST woes. GST going gets tougher. India Swaps Cheaper LNG for More Volume in 2nd Reworked Deal: [deleted]. AMD plans to employ more engineers in India: [deleted]. Skill India Story of Sandhya A narrative on Skill India A Government Of India initiative. This documentary portrays the biography of Sandhya and her battle for better life.. Uttar Pradesh police busts fake Aadhaar card network. UDAY fails to power discoms in laggard states Bihar Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan Haryana JampK and Chhattisgarh are among such states. BilaspurLeh will be the most challenging rail project in India ever Desh Ratan Gupta chief engineer. GST rates changed for 40 items deadline for GSTR 1 filing extended to October. Cess on luxury cars Toyota Mercedes Audi Mahindra plan to pass on cess burden to consumers. IRDAI Allows General Insurers To Sell Motor Cover Via Dealers Without TieUps. JampK police to get bulletproof vehicles vests. Government to focus on creating water grid on par with power grid Nitin Gadkari. Last date for filing GSTR 1 extended to 10th October. UP Gang Found Complex Way To Make Fake Aadhaar Cards Say Police. Now Raj dept wants HIV patients to submit Aadhaar. From Footwear to Finance Here are all 13 bills passed in the 2017 monsoon session of Parliament. From Interruptions to legislation What every day in the Parliament looks like. Raghuram Rajan For high growth India must resolve problem of bad loans revive stalled infra projects. Aadhaar Pay Lenders doubt mechanisms efficacy in big cities wary of privacy debate. Aadhaar Pay Lenders doubt mechanisms efficacy in big cities wary of privacy debate. The data theft at a private bank earlier this year shocked many and there were questions whether a merchant can store and misuse biometric data.: [deleted]. Why do you do what you do Mr Raghuram Rajan. Indias Supreme Court Expands Freedom. The Battle for Indias 45 Billion Gold Industry Has Begun. The Flaws in Indias Growth Model: [deleted]. How expensive is petrol in India. DangalBajrangi Bhaijaan Kashmiri KBC Govts formula to woo Kashmiris. Internet access New Telecom Policy may ensure Internet access for 1.3 billion Indians. Raghuram Rajan For high growth India must resolve problem of bad loans revive stalled infra projects. ET NOW Exclusive Rajan Is Back. View Keep out Rohingyas. India must practice hard state politics. Over 100 Army officers move Supreme Court claiming discrimination in promotion. Income Tax Depts new social media surveillance program called Project Insight to hunt black money: I was going through [this news article]http//www.republicworld.com/s/6935/taxmentosnoopsocialnetworkingsitestotraceblackmoney today and came to know that govt. is going to keep tabs on your social media activity from now on to trace your black money. When I read the name Project Insight it rang a bell somewhere. And sure enough I remembered that Project Insight was the code name for Hydras secret surveillance project in [Capt. America Civil War]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CaptainAmericaTheWinterSoldierPlot Those of you who are Marvel fans will understand how apt this name is to our situation.. All that data that Aadhaar captures. Black Money Taxmen to snoop social networking sites to trace black money: [deleted]. Cornells Basu Says Demonetization Behind India Slowdown YouTube. Understanding the Petro Dollar its possible decline Fiat Currencies and how it all affects India and Why maybe its time to look elsewhere to hold foreign reserves.: The whole thing came up recently during some discussions I had about why people use the dollar for international trade and what would happen if the major economies of the world just stopped using the Dollar. What is the Impact of BRICS. Why US has so many wars in the middle east and they are supposedly for oil but they never really take over any oil. How US is so rich to have 800 military bases around the world with a defence budget larger than the rest of the world combined. About why countries still hold US dollar reserves when US is in trillions of dollars of debt and being in so much debt how is US economy still afloat So I thought of putting it together here for myself and anyone else who may want to learn about this. Now this is what I have gleaned from my reading on the matter. I am no economist so if anyone wants to correct me on anything I would be welcome to accept the criticism with reference material substantiating your point. in 1944 all the countries entered into the Bretton Woods Agreement which basically said that all of the worlds currrecies would be backed by the US Dollar and the US dollar would be backed by gold and any country could convert their currency into US dollars and then redeem US gold in exchange for that at the rate of 35 dollars per ounce of gold. Since US had the largest gold reserves at the time 75 of the entire worlds gold everyone agreed. This also allowed US treasury to fix exchange rates of dollar into different currencies and set the interest rates for interbanking transactions etc. However the multiple wars of the US during the 60s caused domestic inflation in the US and the value of Dollar to fall. This caused panic in all the countries and they started redeeming gold from US treasury. The US gold fell from 20000 tonnes to 8100 tonnes very quickly. Thus in 1971 Nixon closed the gold window i.e. he suspended the ability of any nation to redeem US gold against dollars and took the gold backing off of the US Dollar. While that allowed US to retain its gold reserves it made the need of the US dollar among other countries non existent. So everyone started to move away from the Dollar. After that US economy started to spiral and the price of gold became 135 dollars per ounce. On top of that the Arab world hiked the oil prices. Now the US desperately needed to stabilize the spiral. So they brokered a deal with the Saudis that the oil producers would not only trade oil in nothing but US Dollars and convince the OPEC the middle eastern north African and other oil producing countries to do the same but also invest their OPECs oil profits in US treasury by buying US Treasury bonds. This basically means that they OPEC are buying out US debt. Not only this US is printing Dollars against the amount of Foreign investments in the US treasury which is made by Oil producing nations which are their oil profits. So basically profits from every barrel sold by OPEC make way to the US treasury and become the value against which dollars is printed. Ultimately more the profits in oil stronger the dollar and lesser the profits in oil weaker the dollar. Thus US gets a double benefit out of every barrel of oil in a way. In exchange the US would sell them Saudis advance weapons and all the gold they demanded. So basically weapons and gold sale in exchange for trading oil in dollars props up US dollar. Gold is still propping up US dollar indirectly by forcing the oil producers to trade in dollars. Thus the petrodollar was born. This caused the world to need US dollar again. If you wanted to buy oil you needed US dollar by either converting your currency or by selling stuff to the US. The latter is more preferred as it is cheaper than exchanging your currency and also grows your economy. So once again US became the benchmark of international trade since no country can hope to grow its economy without using energy aka oil and you cant have oil without US dollars. As long as all these countries need oil US can just print Dollars out of thin air and balance it against oil barrels as explained above without actually even owning a single drop of oil. Other countries need to own the gold that they balance their currency against. US does not need to control oil they just need to control the currency it is traded in to keep their economy afloat. more on that later in US foreign policy. Similarly US bokered a deal with the Latin American countries to not only trade in the US Dollar but also to give precedence to US EU and Japanese products in trade. So if more and more countries decide to shun the dollar and trade in other currencies this would eventually cause OPEC to switch as well and Dollar could collapse. How Well US is basically just printing enormous amounts of money out of thin air. This money is being used domestically and to a much larger extent globally. If international oil trade in dollar stops people stop needing the dollar and use their own currency. So all the internationally circulating dollars would come back to US. Now that is just too many dollars against very little amount in the treasury and that would cause hyperinflation and economic spiral. However the logical next step would be to just destroy the excess dollars coming in from abroad and that would keep the countrys economy afloat. While that is okay but remember what is the dollar being printed against The foreign investments in the treasury which are the profits from the oil trade in dollars. That would go away as well essentially leaving nothing in the treasury against which the dollar is valued. Hence dollar will literally not be worth the money it is printed on. Second since US currency is basically a petrodollar its power depends on the control of oil. So right now whoever controls middle east has major power. Today Saudi Arabia controls Middle East and US controls Saudi Arabia. USSaudi brotherhood sort of makes it impossible for other countries to have an influence over this. Russia has tried for decades to establish a strong foothold in the middle east but has been unsuccessful. It has also dictated the US foreign policy far the last 5 decades. Like I said US needs to control not the oil reserves but the currency oil is traded in. Hence all the wars we hear that were for oil were not actually for oil per se but intimidation tactics against countries that announced that they would no longer accept dollar as a currency in international oil trade. Egs When the Ayatollah of Iran announced their intention to denounce dollars in oil trade and use their own currency instead US backed Iraq to go to war with Iran and even provided the Weapons of mass destruction to use on Iran that they later used as an excuse to invade Iraq and prosecuted Saddam Hussein for. When Iraq invaded Kuwait a major producer of oil to be able to pay their loans to Kuwait and then later asked for Euro to be used for oil trade rather than Petrodollar US invaded Iraq. When Gaddafi asked gold based Dinar instead of US dollars for oil trade US invaded Libya. When Chavez did the same Us staged a coup in Venezuela. However starting a nonpetro currency would break this link and oil and Middle east would become less relevant for Economic power and only be of interest for energy concerns. It is still important but less so than a economic and geopolitical chessboard of US that it is today. It may actually be a solution to achieving peace in the middle east. However another thing that happens is Middle East controls prices of oil which is tied to the Dollar. Recently the Middle East OPEC or basically Saudi Arabia has decided to drop the international prices for their own economic reasons. Now the countries that have oil production as a major source of revenue and trade in dollars eg many N African countries Venezuela have seen their economy completely stabilise and destroyed. These countries are sick of US and Saudi controlling the markets in a way that affects other countries adversely. Hence for these countries switching to the international trading system of a gold based currency will cause their economies to stabilise. The international reserves of EU etc on the other hand have seen increased holdings by the OPEC countries and have been worried of increasing power of these countries in the international banking system. They would be only to glad to get rid of these holdings. Now non Dollar currency would cause a fall in the US dollar value. In lieu of that here is another thing that needs to be considered. A lot of the developing countries have international trade deficits. Now these trade deficits can be in the currency of the country to whom the debt is owed or any other internationally accepted currency eg. the Dollar. If the debt is in dollars the conversions and interest rates of borrowing are determined according to the rules of the US treasury. Again the rates in the US treasury are linked to the value of dollar. Most countries giving out loans prefer to do so in dollars as historically the Dollar is strong and trusted not to collapse and hence the money they owe is safe. The countries taking loans also convert their debts to dollars as it is easier and the country to whom the debt is owed cannot just up and change the value of the debt owed by manipulating their currency as dollar has determined the conversion into other currencies at fixed rates so it is safe for everyone. However there is a slight problem with this. If you owe a debt of 1 dollar to someone when you pay the debt it will depend on the value of dollar to your currency at that particular instant. So if dollar has gotten stronger wrt to your currency you shall have to pay more money and if the dollar has gotten weaker you will owe less money in your currency. Hence the fall of the dollar would be beneficial for the countries who owe debt in dollars and bad for the countries who have loaned out debt in dollars. Also taking debt in dollars becomes cheaper if the value of dollar falls since the US treasury interest rates are directly tied to dollars hence it becomes cheaper to borrow in dollars. Also as I said if it grows weaker still yo will owe less money. One more thing to consider regarding fall of the Dollar is this. Uptil now the oil producers have been buying US treasury bonds due to the Bretton Woods deal. Other countries and US and other corporations do so too. Now the US treasury gives a fixed rate of interest to those investing in the treasury. This rate in turn is linked to the value of the dollar. Stronger the dollar more the interest on US Treasury bonds and more the foreign countries invest in it. Now this means that these foreign countries would much rather invest their money in US Treasury at an assured fixed rate of interest than invest it in 3rd world countries and take a risk of maybe losing it. However if the value of dollar were to fall the countries would much rather draw out of the US treasury and invest more in the startups in different countries domestically etc. The other side of the same coin would be the countries dependent on US investment. Should the value of the dollar fall the investment being received from the US would be of a lesser value. On the other hand there is one more thinh. Like I said investments in dollars are governed by the US treasury rules. Now basically US banks have cut the taxes on money transfer and conversion artificially keeping them very low to fuel the domestic and world trade etc . If the dollar were to collapse people wouldnt trade in dollars. They would trade in other currencies. The inetrbanking across the world would be then governed by the rules of the currency you trade in for eg BRICS nations will follow the tariffs etc of the Shanghai Bank where most of the reserves are held. So that effect would then depend on the rules of the bank you deal with and that can be detrimental or beneficial depending on the banks policies compared to the dollar. Also countries having holdings in the US treasury would lose the entire value of their foreign reserves. On the other hand coountries like BRICS who have their reserves in other international banks would retain the value of their foreign reserves in those banks. What does this mean Indian Currency would also fall with the fall of the dollar in its current state. Now we usually run around with the perception that Indian currency is backed by gold Thats not true. The truth is 99 of todays currencies US Dollar Euro Indian rupee all of them are fiat currencies i.e. their value is not determined by the gold they hold but by the economic strength of the government. Only an average of 47 of any countrys currency is today backed by gold. US Dollar 4.5 Indian rupee 5. The rest is held in the terms of foreign reserves in other countries like in the form of US Dollar around 70 in US treasury bonds in world bank or IMF in other currencies around 25 in BRICS and other foreign reserves etc. Currently if you have rs 1000 only rs 50 is gold around 670 is held in the form of US dollars and Rs 280 in other currencies. You might ask why is that Well remember the Bretton Woods agreement. At that time US had 75 of the worlds gold which backed dollar and dollar backed other currencies so most of the currency of any country was backed directly or indirectly through dollar by gold. Now it is difficult to keep gold in your country so it was convenient for other countries to just hold foreign reserves in dollars especially with the fixed exchange rates they provided. Hence more and more portion of their currency was being held in dollars. However after Nixon shock of 1971 dollar removed its gold backing. So automatically all other currencies that were backed by dollar 99 of the world currencies also became fiat currencies as a result. However the dollar was still good and trusted so no one thought much of it especially since dollars were being printed out of thin air. However now with the prospect of the trust in dollar fading this as started to worry some experts. Because of the senseless printing of dollars and in exchange all the fiat currencies the total amount of currency can nowhere near be compensated by the gold reserves even if all the gold in the world was put together. It would form not more than 10 of the currency in the world. Now putting this disturbing detail aside if Dollar were to collapse 670 rupees of your 1000 would become worthless too. So it isnt wise to hold US dollars is it No its not and many countries have woken up to that fact. China has been secretly amassing large amounts of gold. OPEC countries have started removing their capital from US treasury. See these oil producers have been receiving US gold in exchange for trading oil in US dollars and have accumulated holdings in other countries treasuries. Now with all the crazy gold they have received they have bought material assets like real estate etc even in other countries. Now they can simply sell out their US treasury bonds and buy more assets such as gold and real estate from it which they have been doing in the recent years. Now this will start depleting the treasury and cause the fall in the value of the dollar in turn causing other countries to withdraw and invest elsewhere. That coupled with Russia and China doing trade in Roubles and Yuan India and Iraq trading oil outside of dollar Germany and China trading outside of Dollar the strenghtening of BRICS bank etc Dollar has been showing a steady decline. So India should also wisen up and start replenishing its treasury with gold and sell off holdings in dollars and euros and invest in other currencies on the rise. This is one reason BRICS could be very important for India and other countries in BRICS whether we like it or not. Another thing that using another currency would do it would take away the power of the US to slap economic sanctions on whichever country they choose. This is one of the major reasons Putin has teamed up with China in order to bypass US sanctions. [Edit The thing that worries most nations is this having international trade and foreign reserves in dollars gives US a single handed say on their economies. Just like Nixons unilateral decision changed the fate of all currencies other decisions by it can also change their economies. US can dictate their rules and if you dont follow them sanctions. So the countries want to take back the power of making decisions in their own hands. Next the petrodollar is based on a commodity that is being depleted. Oil reserves are declining and the world is moving towards other sources gree energy nuclear energy etc. So the petrodollar decline is destined. However what would US do next They could shift to backing their currency with nuclear reserves or some new crazy idea out of someones hat. That will inevitably affect all other countries and they want to and should have a say in it.] On the other hand Chinas attempt to start a gold backed currency may not pan out because like I said all the gold in the world is not sufficient to back all the currencies in the world. Also since most currencies still have a large amount of dollar backing fall of the dollar would make that percent of the currency valueless and therefore even having a reserve in another foreign currency could still cause a fall in Indian currency though it might be a little mitigated. On the other hand fiat currencies are run by the investors trust in the currency. So even if the dollar falls a fiat currency with foreign reserves in the dollar may not fall because the confidence in that currency is still high. Sadly such a currency would be Chinese Yuan. So the policy to fix this I am still trying to work on that solution. This is a post in evolution. My thoughts on this are still in evolution and I would really like some economists to come and hold a serious well informed and sane discussion on this. I will add more when other points occur to me or are brought forward to me in any online or offline discussions. Edit 2 Also read some interesting discussions I had regarding this 1. [Discussion with u/noobfinger2 on a few doubts and list of some sources for the material]/comments/6z7u08/understandingthepetrodollaritspossible/dmtik1q/stj7fafuk9ampsh75679ea5 2. [Discussion with u/abyssDweller1700 on the same post I put up in another subreddit regarding whether Bitcoin could play any roleif any]/comments/6z7jsc/understandingthepetrodollaritspossible/dmtg4zi/stj7fanejnampsh28be48ed 3. a 1972 book Limits to Growth by Donella H. Meadows Dennis L. Meadows Jrgen Randers and William W. Behrens III which discusses Energy economics growth and limitations. Quite ineteresting 4. Also some other informative links to stuff some users posted i. https//www.youtube.com/watchvDyV0OfU3FUamplistPLE88E9ICdipidHkTehs1VbFzgwrq1jkUJ by u/weepingpeacock which is a crash course by Mike Maloney that explains the problems of fiat currency pretty well ii. animated documentary explaining relation between debt interest oil and EROEI https//www.youtube.com/watchvVOMWzjrRiBg bu u/weepingpeacock iii. recent article by Tim Morgan ECoE Energy Cost of Energy https//surplusenergyeconomics.wordpress.com/2017/09/05/104whymrtrumpcantraiseamericanprosperity/ again by u/weepingpeacock iv. https//www.youtube.com/watchvdjwPqAJ3GY by u/mangomafia which basically reaffirms what all I have said in the post I am yet to check out the links by some other users and I shall update the post with the links when I do.. Chinese like to tell us Remember our GDP is five times yours. Raghuram Rajan For high growth India must resolve problem of bad loans revive stalled infra projects: [deleted]. For high growth India must resolve problem of bad loans revive stalled infra projects: [deleted]. I am ready to return if govt wants says Raghuram Rajan TownhallWithRajan: [deleted]. The cost of cheap drugs Toxic Indian lake is superbug hotspot [Old]. Raghuram Rajan Talks to Barkha Dutt. India renegotiates Australia LNG price to save Rs 10k cr. India may produce surplus power in FY18 Fitch. Exporters woes under GST Working capital stuck as refunds not available. Soon taxmen will snoop on social media sites to trace black money. GST collection for first month at Rs 92283 crore exceeds estimates FM Arun Jaitley. Lockheed Offers To Export F16 Jets From Proposed India Plant: [deleted]. How expensive is petrol in India: [deleted]. SIM Cards Not Linked To Aadhaar To Be Deactivated After February 2018 Sources NDTV: [deleted]. RBIs forex operations risk India being tagged currency manipulator report. The forgotten history of banking in Thrissur LongreadOld. Arun Jaitley Less no of jobs means less cash with the youth and it will help India become a cashless economy. Government planning to levy Demonetization cess to recover money lost due to demonetization. Constituition Homework Episode 2 Bills: Hello /r/India [My proposal yesterday]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6yzteq/constituitionandhomeworkaproposalforrindia/ got a lot of upboats amp many said that using Reddit India as a forum to do the homework is a good idea So lets do thees Episode 2 of Constituition is about how Bills become laws how nobody is paying attention to them and why we the voters really need to care about the proposed laws in advance before theyre passed. Otherwise if there is no scrutiny we end up in a 66A type situation where the establishment misuses these laws against citizens. You can watch the complete Episode [here]https//www.youtube.com/watchv8rz65NFMUpg. The Homework for this week is in two steps 1 Go to [PRS Bill Track]http//www.prsindia.org/billtrack/ and pick a Bill you find interesting. Read the brief and talk about it give an opinion on it using ReadThisBill. If youre not interested in traditional SM you can talk about it and discuss it here. I will pick up portions of your responses and spread it on SM. 2 Google the title of the Bill youve picked. You might find some analysis or opinion already done so share that using ReadThisBill. Talk about it have a dialogue and just generally help people become a bit more aware about lawmaking. Few Tips and Tricks for reading Bills Usually youll find that PRS Legislative has done a brief on it or there is a news item on it which explains the whole thing. That brief can be your starting point. In every Bill towards the end there is a section called Statement of Objects amp Reasons. It is an official statement by the Minister who is proposing a bill explaining the need for such a law. Check that out. If you read both brief amp SoOR and have a few doubts about certain ideas you see there try to locate that portion in the Bill text itself Ctrl F that shit. Check out the Definitions given in the Bill too. The terms used in a legislation are defined there and the devil is always in the details. In the right side margin you will find notes that briefly explain what a particular clause is about. When you read the Bill just read the right side of it quickly to get a sense of what the legislation is trying to do. In larger Bills you will also find Notes on Clauses which explain what each clause means. You can check that out. One thing I have noticed in multiple bills is that these notes are very rudimentary and dont help much but they do act as a starting point for going deeper. There will be a Memorandum of Delegated Legislation at the end of some Bills too. That one is VITAL AF. It talks about what powers are being given to the Bureaucrats under this law. For ex In the Aadhaar Act Babus were given complete power to decide how Aadhaar will be used. As a result the eKYC and other things were passed as rules under Aadhaar Act. There will be a Financial Memorandum at the end of most bills. It talks about what amount of taxpayer money would be required to implement a particular law. Do glance through that as well. I know. Its a difficult thing to read bills and that is the worrying part of it. If nobody reads them then a lot of problematic laws keep getting passed amp coming back to bite us in the a. Episode two is an attempt to crowdsource that whole scrutiny process of sorts. When a hundred eyes are combing through bills even if theyre untrained curious eyes and ten people start talking about it it would make a yuge difference Hope you enjoy yourselves while doing this Cheers Kumbhakaran / Meghnad EDIT Thank you so much for the Sticky dear mods From the next week Ill put up a post simultaneously with the release of an episode on Friday 7 pm. So that people can immediately get busy if they want over the weekend. EDIT2 I just confirmed Reetika Khera Professor IITD Economist and Social Scientist to be a guest for the Homework review on Tuesday 7. We will broadcast it simultaneously on Periscope amp on Facebook Live. See you there. A Journey of thoughts with Raghuram Rajan [old]: [deleted]. Cess on luxury cars hiked 30 dailyuse items cheaper under GST. Indias Youth Are the Worlds Future. Raghuram Rajan Why he does what he does. It is former RBI governor Raghuram Rajans unstated but clear emphasis on process that stands out in a country where it remains to put it mildly an aspirational quality for governance. Supreme Court issues notices to Facebook Google Twitter on data localization. SIM Cards Not Linked To Aadhaar Will Be Deactivated After February 2018. Why Indias GDP growth is falling. [NP] Guy finds MRF shares in physical form that his grandfather purchased. Calls in to find out they are now worth 130 Crores. BilaspurLeh will be the most challenging rail project in India ever Desh Ratan Gupta chief engineer. GST rates changed for 40 items deadline for GSTR 1 filing extended to October. Over 30 farmers commit suicide in Marathwada in 8 days death toll since last 8 months now. Chhattisgarh panel to govt Purchase cow urine to stop people from abandoning cows. This Is What States Are Demanding From GST Council. Outside GST Council meet venue agricultural traders protest. GST to affect GDP growth in Q2. PostGST small is better for warehouses. 13 special courts to be set up for women related cases Chandrababu NaiduAP. GDP Growth Rate Slumped To 5.7 Due To Technical Reasons Says Amit Shah. CBI books 19 companies for sending over Rs 400 crore abroad. Wide Angle Episode 01 Shyam Saran on How India Sees the World. All that data that Aadhar captures. GST rates changed for 30 items deadline for GSTR 1 filing extended to October. Narendra Modis MUDRA Yojana generates 5.5 crore jobs says report. Cess increase on mid and large cars. Small cars to remain the same.. Know Before Linking Govt of Indias Mandatory Aadhaar seeding in Bank. Original licence necessary to ensure road safety govt.. Festival promotes culture of NorthEast India. Indias data protection law will set global benchmark says Ravi Shankar Prasad. In Madhya Pradesh Open School students clear Class X XII exam without taking it. Will India Ban Cryptocurrency exchanges: [removed]. India working on blueprint to implement climate change norms. Starting a conversation about intimate partner violence in India. No Helmet No Fuel Chittoor police launch novel campaign. Panel Discussion on Political Mobilisation through Social Media. Chinese like to tell us Remember our GDP is five times yours: [deleted]. Raghuram Rajan Talks to Barkha Dutt: [deleted]. India imposes duty on Chinese flat steel for five years. Is it legal to download movies from The Pirate Bay or similar websites. Indian Regions by GDP in Billion Southern 803 Western 554 Northern 372 Central 363 Eastern 325 NorthEastern 57. Digital India Speeds Up But We Thank Mukesh Ambani As Much As Modi. Indias biometric database is a dystopian nightmare. Caution warranted for riverlinking project. In a first railways set to adopt reverse bidding method for highvalue orders. Why One Nation One Tax Doesnt Really Make Sense In India. Punjab National Bank and BSNL team up to bring mobile wallet Speedpay to 10 states in India. Indian Regions by GDP in Billion Southern 803 Western 554 Northern 372 Central 363 Eastern 325 NorthEastern 57: [deleted]. Constituition and Homework A proposal for /r/India: Hello /r/India I have initiated this experiment called Constituition in association with Newslaundry to attempt amp explain how our great democracy works using simple humorous and sometimes explicit language. You can see the first episode [here]https//youtu.be/Hw27Wt4Ja6k. We released the second episode yesterday which you can watch [here]https//youtu.be/8rz65NFMUpg. At the end of every episode we are doing this thing called Homework where I ask viewers to do certain simple things using the Internet which would make the whole deal more relevant for them. Personally. For example at the end of episode 1 which was on voting I told them to look up their own MPs on PRS MP Track amp Google them. That would help them find out what their MPs are upto amp whether they are actually doing the job they were elected to do. Many folks shared their Homework using KnowYourNeta. Check the Twitter trend to see the crazy response we got Even here on /r/India a [few people did the Homework]https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6xj8hc/constituitionep01voting/. Following the Homework on every Tuesday I do a Homework review to talk about what people have found amp clear their doubts about it. It is done on NLs Facebook page live. The last one can be found there Cant share the link because I think FB links arent allowed I am trying to bring in a few interesting guests to join the review panel and do it with me. So I come to you seeking some help. As we go forward in the series our Homework will get more and more complicated. Like in the second episode I have asked people to read the bills which is no small thing to ask. Its crazy complicated and I am just hoping some adventurous souls actually attempt it Is it alright if I use /r/India as a forum to discuss the Homework for every episode amp also get feedback What I propose is that I will do a self post like this one every Friday evening after the Episode is released and put up the Homework here. Once responses come in I will share them across different SM platforms like Twitter amp FB will seek NLs help for that to drive engagement amp give people more ideas about what to look at. Since /r/india is infamous for its curious adventurous general attitude in life amp for digging deep whenever an issue pops up to uncover hidden truths I know. Such praise much wow I am hoping to tap into that and use it to MakeParliamentGreatAgain. I hope this makes sense If it does Im going to go ahead and give the homework for Episode 2 in a separate post here provided this post gets approval from the community in general. Cheers Kumbhakaran tldr Launched a show called Constituition to explain Indian Democracy simply. I give Homework at the end of every episode. Followed by a review every Tuesday on Facebook Live Newslaundry page. Was wondering if I could use /r/India as a forum to do the homework. Will share it across platforms every week to drive engagement. If yes we shall begin with putting up a separate post on it today/tomorrow. P.S. For the old timers who know me and will probably be wondering I have quit /u/tathagatasatpathys office amp am now truly independent. All to do shit like this. Heh. EDIT Thank you for the Gold kind stranger . Nagpur Despite empty pockets NMC spent Rs3.58 cr on ads in 4 yrs. How Modi and Jaitley Rewrote The Demonetisation Story. Immediate GST relief for leased cars unlikely. GST No GST on housing society maintenance up to Rs 5000. KOPMA stages demo wants GST reduced to 5 pc. Trade assessees seek more time to file GST returns. All You Need to Know About GST on Residential Properties. Cant crack GST riddle experts do handholding. Bengaluru property New housing launches drop in RERA wake Reason why revealed. The robots will actually create more jobs for highskilled tech workers in India. 7 Lakh IT Jobs In India Under Threat But It Is Not All Bad News. The number of lowskilled workers in domestic IT and BPO service sectors could fall from 24 lakh in 2016 to 17 lakh in 2022.. Indian Regions by GDP in Billion Southern 803 Western 554 Northern 372 Central 363 Eastern 325 NorthEastern 57.: [deleted]. All that data that Aadhaar captures. BDA owns real estate worth Rs 56000 cr in city says audit report. Income Tax 78 rise in paperless IT assessment allIndia roll out by fiscal end. Whats So Neat About Tamil Nadus Education Strategy. Nofly list Unruly air passengers face 3month to lifetime ban. IndiaSingapore trade can reach 25 billion by 201920 FIEO. Indias Non Farmloan Debts Could Settle All Distressed Farm Loans. richest Indian India has gone from British Raj to Billionaire Raj Report[NP]. Foreign tourists can eat beef in their countries then come to India Union Minister KJ Alphons. SIAM asks government to ban 15yr old cars. Raghuram Rajan says let India grow at 810 for 10 years before chestthumping: [deleted]. Indian Regions by GDP in Billion Southern 803 Western 554 Northern 372 Central 363 Eastern 325 NorthEastern 57.: [deleted]. This explains everything GDP of Indias regions: [deleted]. Rape Survivors Right to Abortion Are Doctors Listening. Indias first No Fly List is out Find details here. In a first Centre unveils No Fly list rules now passengers can be banned for 2 years full details here. Delhi Metros further expansion wont be funded by Japan. Scholarship for SC/ST students in TN cut by 33 per cent. No Change In Policy China Assures Key Ally Pak After BRICS Declaration. Memo to Nitin Gadkari Shift to evehicles wont happen at gun point govt needs to handhold auto firms. In July Import Increases and finished Steel Export Rises By 6 in India. Quick Fast Property Documents OC/CC/EC on Onlinerti.com Do it Raftaar .... How to check RTI status is 3 easy steps. Indias Youth Are the Worlds Future. Petrol diesel cars to face music Gadkari. Ecommerce cos face tax heat as IT dept says discounts should be treated as capital spend. Raghuram Rajan Govts exportled growth strategy a failure so far. No GST on housing society maintenance up to Rs 5000 Times of India. 7 Lakh IT Jobs In India Under Threat But It Is Not All Bad News. The number of lowskilled workers in domestic IT and BPO service sectors could fall from 24 lakh in 2016 to 17 lakh in 2022.: [deleted]. Indias biometric database is a dystopian nightmare. Building BRICS thinking beyond national interest. luxury cars GST Finance Minister considering auto makers concern on hike in GST cess Anant Geete. Hiked GST Cess On Cars Should Not Be Enacted During Festive Season MampM. Calls on GST flood consumer helpline. Post GST sales fall at Uttarakhand Khadi ashrams. State govt MES contractors want refund of GST taxed on earlier works. Posting Aadhaar of directors Ministry has second thoughts. [P] Missing annual reports patchy website reflect West Bengals lost growth. There is probably only one thing that explains Indias mysterious import rush. Jugaad Will Be Used For Black Money Raghuram Rajan Tells NDTV. Fullfledged electric fleet to hit roads by December Nitin Gadkari. Raghuram Rajan in Conversation with Barkha Dutt. Aadhaar apps ecosystem is vulnerable to malware Report. Indias Markets Break Away From the Fragile Five Pack. 2 crore illegal immigrants in India Nation faces security threat change in demographic pattern. Suresh Prabhu seeks to link India with global supply chains to boost exports. India enters top 10 league of expensive housing markets Knight Frank report. Food for thought India will have 1.7 billion people by 2050. How will it feed them all. GSTN system overload What really caused the tremor. gst refund EEPC urges Suresh Prabhu to push for early GST refunds. Over 22 lakh petition against GST on insurance premiums Times of India. GST Rajasthan tax consultants drag government to court over GST glitches. Raise number of biz in GST net to 3 cr govt tells taxmen. Aadhaar Database A Risky Revolution India Legal. Indias No Fly List to come tomorrow. And you need to mention ID card nos. while booking tickets.: News link http//www.businesstoday.in/sectors/aviation/aadhaarpangovtidcardticketbookingdomesticflightdl/story/259843.html So what happens to the children . Should we recapitalise the banks. BIS data shows Indian home prices moving up. After NEET 1 in 7 medical seats goes to Chennai. The trash crisis Overstressed landfills are no solution. Cities should work out ways to segregate waste at source. Could Flying Cars Work In India. Under Goyal Indias power sector staged a turnaround. Johnson and Johnson India unveils enhanced paternity leave. SC tells WhatsApp to give details of userdata it shares. Solving NPA problem is top priority Sanjeev Sanyal. [NP] Startups unlisted companies on black money radar probe on 200 entities. Rohingyas Crisis Government Delivers the Boldest Message Yet. Digitisation a trump card winning more hands for modi government.. From British Raj to Billionaire Raj Indian income inequality 19222014 by Lucas Chancel Thomas Piketty. Raghuram Rajan Raghuram Rajan questions governments plan to merge public sector banks. Privatising district hospitals Health ministry states experts had little say in Niti Aayog plan [np]. The Gorakhpur And Farrukhabad Tragedies Are Symptoms Of A Larger Malaise The devolution of finances has not improved healthcare in BIMARU states.. Raghuram Rajan interview If there is a sense of intolerance I think it impedes our economic progress. If demonetisation decision is exposed country will ask what inputs went in Raghuram Rajan. Are they safe All you need to know about govts new contraception injections. There is a Rohingya in all of us. The glaring problem keeping Make in India from attaining the success of Made in China. Bad loans at 9.6 not acceptable need to raise funds RBI Governor Urjit Patel. India GDP growth to reaccelerate as GST impact fades Morgan Stanley. A troubling snapshot of Indian manufacturing. Evaluating direct cash transfers PartI Problems are for real but most beneficiaries prefer new system to old PDS. eway bill Government notifies eway bill exempts vegetables fruits out of its ambit. PMI data indicates September quarter likely to be a washout. GST effect Mumbai hotels restaurants record 80 dip in home delivery orders. NITI Aayog unveils 10point nutrition action plan. MumbaiSpend Now You Can Track How Mumbai Spends Its Money. GSTN Exporters demand total exemption from GST. The Privacy Battle Over the Worlds Largest Biometric Database. A new ruling could jeopardize Indias controversial collection of citizens fingerprints photographs and iris scans.. SC Cracks Down on Cow Vigilantism Orders States to Form Task Force. Sometimes RBI Governor Has To Say No Raghuram Rajan. Whats the alternative to Aadhaar linking: We must accept that leakage and abuse based corruption cause real problems in India. I am not talking about top level scams like 2G/Coalgate/Vyapam/etc that warrants a separate post but problems like duplicate PAN cards middlemen stealing subsidized rations etc which people from the masses indulge in. Relying on Aadhaar linking to ensure there is a unique and real individual receiving government benefits/filing taxes/buying property/etc does seem like a smart way to address the problem. It scales. It automatically makes it very hard for corrupt fraudsters to fool the system. But there has been criticism of Aadhaar linking on grounds of privacy would love to understand what exactly the concern is btw. So my question to the Reddit community is if not Aadhaar linking can you think if a practical alternative to stop such leakage based corruption. Indian immigrants in US fear deportation post DACA repeal. Gender Discrimination A Key Underlying Cause Of Malnutrition In India IndiaSpend. Twitter battles a shadow. IMG on telecom wants tax payers to pay for bad business decisions of Airtel and Vodafone. No wonder India tops crony capitalism index says B K Syngal. Is a progressive GST possible. GST Services sector contracts for 2nd month in August on GST woes. GST impact HP reassessing plan to set up manufacturing facility in India. Satyagraha against GST on handloom handicraft. Liquor worth Rs 440.6cr sold in Kerala during Onam season. Dr. Shashi Tharoor on his 7th Feb speech on DeMo in parliament already stated that atmost 2 of the currency undeposited. Now we know its even less than 1.. Curative petition on Section 377 likely to be listed this Friday in Supreme Court. Why Tamil Nadu Hates NEET. On Day 1 MoS Health Ashwini Kumar Choubey holds prayers to cure all: [deleted]. Drug surgical equipment prices go north postGST Times of India. GST higher liquidity needs may weigh on SMEs credit ratings. GST impact Nikkei India Services PMI declines to 47.5 in August. ALH Dhruv Helicopter crashes in Ladakh before ink can dry on Rs.6100 crore ALH Dhruv Deal by HAL: Id posted this article http//georgekottakal.com/2017/02/alhdhruvproblemshelicoptercrasheshal/ showing how Hindustan Aeronautics Limited has been pushing these damned flying coffins at the armed forces. They produce shit quality products and then say that its not their fault. http//www.livemint.com/Industry/sNaIluKpw98Ku1DWMAGdGL/HALsignsRs6100croredealforsupplyof41ALHtoarmy1.html http//www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/currentaffairs/050917/advancedlighthelicoptercrashesinladakhallcrewmemberssafe.html . GST return filing stumps millions of taxpayers filing portal keeps throwing tantrums. Making up for lost time. In 3.5 yrs Nagpur Municipal Corporationspent Rs 21.6 crore on potholes. In his first year Urjit Patel faced a battery of tests and quietly prevailed. [GST] GoI still maintains that small freelancers dont need to register but doesnt say much openly. Confusion still prevails: It appears from [this recent twitter post]https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/904292704728653824 that GoI is still of the opinion that small freelancers dont need to register for GST as of 3rd September 2017. But it appears that lots of CAs want to somehow overrule the Govts reply and want to conclude that registration is compulsory All in all the average freelancer working from home is still confused and fearful. The problem with doing registration is that it opens a plethora of further nuisances from filing returns with very formidable details thrice a month to going through the hassle of obtaining LuT/Bond/FIRC. Most freelancers on Upwork who have regstered are also equally confused about billing and FIRC as those who havent. Problem with current GST law is that wording isnt clear and subject to a lot of interpretation. Not mentioning any exemption and a blanket treatment of interstate trade was the second blunder. If just interstate were the criteria then almost everyone in the country except salaried individuals will become automatically liable as sooner or later they all travel and deal with outside state entities. States arent like other countries where you need a passport/visa to travel and even beggars and rag sorters cross the state boundaries these days are you going to push GST registration on them too. As questions abound over how Reserve Bank deals with bad loans it denies information under RTI. the latest GST wtf: [deleted]. All you wanted to know about seigniorage. Remember the debilitating crisis of 2008 Something scarier is heading your way. RBI Has No Information On Black Money Removed By Note Ban. Dj vu on the highways Livemint. One Year Of Urjit Patel Tumultuous First Year Aside An Opportunity For A Lasting Legacy. SEBI firming up rules to classify mutual fund schemes. India Germany sign pact to improve grid integration of renewable energy. NPPA may lose absolute power to fix drug prices under new policy. What on earth was India thinking when it banned the 7.50 bill. Indias public health system in crisis Too many patients not enough doctors. India has a little over one million modern medicine doctors to treat its 1.3 billion people.. Indias public health and the looming threat of US pharma giants. India has an opportunity to squash criticism to squash criticism of global health pressure groups by issuing a compulsory licence to Pfizer vaccine. Otherwise it would be seen as ready to genuflect to the diktats of American lobbies: [deleted]. On A Mumbai Street Aspiring Soldier Endures Indias CancerCare Crisis. Bankrupt Poorly Educated Desperate Cancer Patients On Mumbai Footpath. COAI launches 5G India forum. Flaws in Indias economic growth model are becoming clear. Is India really cheaper than the US In less developed countries the observed price may be low but there are hidden costs that add up to a higher effective cost. AP bets big on renewable energy. Rajya Sabha panel on GM crops Why there is more faultfinding than factfinding despite ICAR evidence. Government plan on to get 1000 electric cars to ferry politicians. Over the barrel Energy needs inspiration. Urban homeless in India. Why does the gov charge 15 cess on top of 28 GST on mid large cars : Wasnt the intention of GST to simplify taxation by having a single tax Wont having a cess in addition to GST complicate taxation If the gov is not satisfied with 28 tax on certain goods why they did not make additional higher GST slabs Why make only 5 12 18 and 28 GST slabs and then complicate it with additional cess Why not have GST slabs of 50 100 etc for the goods that the gov wants to tax heavily . The reason behind cheap chinese products . Project Silent Demon Why India Must Invest In Infrasound Monitoring In The Himalayas. Flaws in Indias economic growth model are becoming clear Indias economic slowdown is caused by factors deeper than demonetisation or any other temporary phenomenon. Something is broken in the Indian governments policy mix. India Should Reach Out to the People of GilgitBaltistan. Petition for freelancers in India: Just read the bad news on [PayPals upcoming policy page]https//www.paypal.com/in/webapps/mpp/ua/upcomingpoliciesfull gtWe have been advised PayPal Services will attract a GST rate of 18 Im already confused about whether Ive to register for GST or not turnover less than 10LPA. Now PayPal will attract GST. Came across this petition https//www.change.org/p/financeministryofindiarationalizepaypalpayoneerrulesregulationsforindia Request anyone who cares about this to please sign it. Thanks. EDIT Dont know whether PayPal is charging 18 on their fee or from the payment received. Following petition updates for clarity on the same.. What Does Modern Money Theory Tell us About Demonetisation Do taxes really fund govt expenditure. Widespread Victim Intimidation Unrealistic Time Frame for Rape Trials in Delhi Finds Study The Wire. Feminism in the classroom Socialisation into patriarchy begins early in life. The necessity of mutual respect and gender equality must be taught in schools.. UrjitPatelAnRBIgovernorwhodoesnttalkbutacts. From Interruptions to legislation What every day in the Parliament looks like. Crux. Aadhaar why so leaky Episode 2. India at 70 Avoiding traps: [deleted]. The Flaws in Indias Growth Model: [deleted]. The economics of the household balance sheet. Now zip through dedicated FASTag lane at toll plazas. Economy outlook still cloudy. New visa category likely for entrepreneurs researchers. Does It Make Sense For India To Ban Driverless Cars. Govt notifies hike in GST cess on mid large cars to 25. GST Woes Are Adding to Indias Export Slump. As patriotic as I used to be but Ive started to not get Indiagasms anymore.: [removed]. Breakthrough in Economy of Battery World very useful project: [deleted]. Indias Plan for Bank Mergers Ignores History and International Consensus. Raghuram Rajan Every govt tests what RBI Governor will acquiesce to. The handmaids tales When we set up a kitty party for Noidas domestic help. Low expectations cast shadow on the ensuing festive season. Poor demand main cause of low growth in manufacturing sector. Companies struggle to pass on input cost burden suffer steep fall in profits in Q1. Full list of Union Cabinet and Council of Ministers. 75 mandatory attendance bullshit in Indian Colleges needs to end: Everything is wrong with Indian education system and this shit is one of them. I dont know what to do but I signed an online petition if that helps at all. https//www.change.org/p/humanresourcedepartmentofindiaremove75attendancebaringraduatecolleges. Ecommerce cos appeal against tax depts order treating discounts as capital spend. An assessment order of last year asked ecommerce companies to reclassify marketing expenditure as capital expenditure.. Why Indias official crime rate figures are unreliable. Maharashta State to pay contractors over Rs 8000 crore for toll waiver. [Privacy] Probe ordered against Monster.com for selling users personal data. World Bank safety tips to India Paint trains yellow have powerful lights. India among the largest recipients of climate change grants but few key questions remain unanswered. Income Tax collections go up by 26.4 in FY17 4th highest of last 17 yearsFY08 40.7 https//www.incometaxindia.gov.in/Documents/Direct20Tax20Data/TimeSeriesData201617.pdf. Indias public debt rises 3.6 to Rs 63.35 trillion in June. The quiet digital revolution in Chandrapur.. The gap between Indias richer and poorer states is widening. Economists are baffled arguing that the poorer states should be catching up. GST fallout Punjab government unable to pay salary to its employees. India Seen Topping Global Labor Force In Next Decade Data Show. Thing I hate most about my beloved country: This document in that format with photocopy/xerox attested by A1 gazetted officer Phenomena. Examples 1. Me trying to get a passport 67 years ago. Application pending few months dont know why. Reason I found out Birth certificate format changed around the time I was born so I need to present birth certificate in new format. Already gave few documents with Date of Birth proof like 10th class certificate. Passport office is in state capital had to visit with new certificate. 2. Visited post office. One lady presents Aadhaar or some id photocopy at the counter. Young lady staff refuses to accept it since the photocopy waala had cropped the bottom blank part of A4 sheet. It is not unusual to crop it since id is small credit card sized. 3. Parents building house. Own land own money. But the plan need to be approved before construction starts. The babu will visit according to his convenience someday take bribe and give permission. And it not like he is going to give lifesaving disastermanagement strategies. I am from a safe earthquake free region. 4. For a govt job cleared written phase final interview stage. Need to present 2 character certificates establishing bonafide character 1 from college 1 from some govt officer. 1 identity certificate again it means that some govt officer knows me for X years and Y months. 2 references of people with occupation. And after that there will also be some police verification. Because surely the exam is so easy that a Pakistani fraudster can reach the interview stage. And a fraudster cannot forge these character certificates. I feel that this is a leftover of colonial era. Colonial administrators thought brown Indians are morally corrupt. So documents need to be verified by a white officer. 5. Shifting house few months ago need to shift broadband connection. So visit to BSNL office after 4pm the staff seemed disinterested to work since office closes 5pm. The office is in a huge Soviet style building but it has dark walls. Floors are not the cleanest and it smells like a damp storeroom. To shift my connection I had bought a signed noobjection letter from my landlord. That was not enough. I was to come back again. I had to get the application stamped by some big govt officer since an average citizen doesnt gave any credibility. This is after I already was a customer and I had paid Rs.20003000 security deposit for my connection. After 2 visits and 45 phone calls no work was started to shift my connection. The reason being some cable was missing and they were waiting for its order. Another beautiful thing is summer time the telephone office near my home functioned from 711am. This is peak socialism. My 3 year old nephew has longer working hours in his school. After 20 days I gave up and decided to disconnect my connection can rely on Jio now. So another visit. Staff told me I had to write an application to surrender my connection in a blank paper. When I asked for A4 sheet she didnt give me one saying something like it is not her job/ it is not free. Customer is God as Gandhiji said. Although world is a nice place and an old man helped me by giving one blank paper from his pocket. I am not blaming BSNL staff. I believe the delay in shifting connection was due to some delay in them getting the cable. They do no seek any bribe. BSNL has never overcharged me or given lower speed network than what they promise. But the point is the work culture of Indian state. How can we compete with China. Something as basic as internet connection is difficult to obtain. Imagine someone is trying to start a business in a tier3 Indian city due to cheap labour and relatively cheap land. It is impossible. Even if we ignore lack of infrastructure dozens of permits are required which will require 100 of visits. Again I am not blaming any govt employee most of whom are helpful people. And I am sure they suffer from the same bureaucratic problems. Neither do I claim to be a victim I am a privileged middleclass guy. But the lower class rural nonEnglish speaking people suffer. A daily worker has to forego his wage for office visits. A truck driver cant operate the day he visits Transport office for permit renewal. Sad state of affairs.. India ranks behind five African countries in Financial and Digital Inclusion says Brookings study. Dal cooks up a storm in India Myanmar. GDP Growth Lowest In 3 Years Is Economy In Serious Trouble. How job loss insecurity are driving IT professionals towards labour unions. Crux. What the hell is Aadhaar Episode 1. Must read these points before talking about Narendra Modis Note Ban and GST. Bharat Karnads interview on Swarajyamag. ....must read...: [deleted]. Linking AADHAAR to bank account scam. Onam GST dampens Onam sales in Kerala. GST levy on job work striking carpet and apparel industry FIEO. GST stronger rupee may result in flat Indian apparel exports growth AEPC. Cotton yarn exports dip due to rupee appreciation GST levy. Has India become digital The answer is no. Delhiites will have to pay more for electricity from September. UP Board plans to include chapter on RSS ideologue Deendayal Upadhyaya in textbooks: [deleted]. Indias public debt rises 3.6 to Rs 63.35 trillion in June. How SolarPowered Health Centres Could Transform Indian Healthcare. Modis 87 billion riverlinking gamble set to take off as floods hit India. In a first Assam extends AFSPA term on its own. The gap between Indias richer and poorer states is widening: [deleted]. Destocking doesnt explain the Q1 fall in manufacturing GVA. Soon your car will get an Aadhaar card. Modi tells tax officers to register even small traders for GST. Karnataka to give free education to all girls till graduation. Constituition Ep. 01 Voting. Are Indias GovernmentSubsidised Solar Shops Thriving Or Barely Surviving. Meet the economist who predicted India GDP growth at 5.7 in Q1. Education for all Fixing classroom processes. Indian elephant getting bigger. Its A Miracle India Grows At All Given Its Horrific Bureaucracy Marc Faber. India going through structural changes so expect some pain Elaral Capital. Kerala govt permits bars within 50 metres of schools temples. GDP Growth Lowest In 3 Years Is Economy In Serious Trouble: [deleted]. Qurbani of cow buffalo camel ox to invite Gangsters Act in UP. Use data analytics to track undeclared wealth Modi to taxmen. GDP Growth Lowest In 3 Years Is Economy In Serious Trouble: [deleted]. Forex kitty rises to record USD 394.55 billion. Rs 8277 cr in loans disbursed under StandUp India by midAugust Meghwal. NEET tragedy Anitha girl from Ariyalur who fought against NEET in SC kills herself. Delhi govt approves proposal for procuring 2000 buses. No Ration for the poor as Biometric Authentication for Aadhaar Fails. Internet connectivity issues in Rajasthan have resulted in 33 of ration card holders unable to procure their ration from the PDS outlets.. Karnataka Aadhaar Card Mandatory For Char Dham Yatra And Subsidy. Sebi sets ball rolling for making Aadhar compulsory for stock trades. Supreme Court to hear Jairam Rameshs plea on Aadhaar in November. Mutual fund investments must now be linked to Aadhaar Heres how to do it. Karnataka to roll out Aadhaarlinked universal health coverage on November 1. Can solar power solve Indias rural healthcare problems Solarpowered healthcare centres can significantly improve inpatient services shows study on role of electricity access on health outcomes in rural Chhattisgarh. In Indias first army overhaul 57000 soldiers to be redeployed in combat roles. Karnataka to have electric vehicle and energy storage policy soon. Indias manufacturing sector rebounds in August. Why Indias 168 billion riverlinking project is a disasterinwaiting. Indias manufacturing growth bounces back from Julys contraction. I really hope they have thought this through better than they did DeMo.: [removed]. Indian Paypal Users Paypal is going to charge 18 GST from October. Aadhaar must to visit God. How SEBI laws are harming investors and no one seems to care: Ill keep this short. Anyone who has read about this please join in. SEBI has made it illegal for people to recommend stocks unless they are registered as research analysts. Registering requires a professional qualification and a NISM certification. This has stopped brokers from recommending stocks. Bloggers have stopped blogging because they are scared of breaking the law. This violates all freedom of speech and no one has said anything. This also restricts recommendations again to the big ones the research houses like ICICI HDFC and the big names. SEBI and BSE have for many years delisted companies which do not comply with their requirements. This results in share certificates turning into valueless paper overnight. They should go after these people and get people refunds instead of just suspending trading. I personally know of people who came out with IPOs siphoned out money and created huge family money from public wealth. No one touched them. There are so many of these. Now SEBI and BSE have a new GSM Graded Surveillance Measure system introduced under which they have made difficult trading in hundreds of companies. These are small companies many of them are genuine. This harms them as well as investors who hold their stocks. The callauction system also harms liquidity. This is why most people dont buy those stocks. Companies suffer when they need to raise funds for expansion. This harms economic growth. A lot of SEBI measures seem to be geared to driving investors to invest in large caps Reliance Adani LampT etc rather than small companies. Or invest in mutual funds and again benefit the big corporations Kotak Reliance HDFC ICICI. Many mutual funds have been giving poor returns but no one can hold them accountable. These policies are wiping out small companies and small investors. There are websites like watchoutinvestors which provide data about vanishing companies but charge upwards of Rs.20000 for subscription. This is data that the government should make available. BSE relists a company only when there are no complaints on this website which is a private website. What is the connection All of this needs to be changed and we need some protests.. Airtel not yet GST ready. Is there a plan to ban all Chinese mobile companies like Xiaomi Oppo etc over security Fake news: Ive been hearing a lot lately that due to concern over national security India is planning to ban all Chinese mobile products that does not begin with a specific IMEI and the companies are preparing to depart with their businesses. Of course Ive only seen this on one channel and a couple of newspapers. Could be.. FAKE NEWS Any truth to this Also Eid Mubarak to you my Muslim friends . GDP numbers Its even worse than it looks. Modis 87 billion riverlinking gamble set to take off as floods hit India. Economy Plunging Headlong Into Recession. Saudi Arabias oil giant Aramco explores Bengal options. You dont have to pay GST if your income is through Google Adsense through Ads on Youtube or on your own website. You still have to register.: I am clearing it for others because i just got this cleared up by a CA. Just register for GST. Ill update about later steps as i learn them like how to file 0 GST. . Horticulture yield up 5 over last year. Q1 GDP growth hits 3year low of 5.7 slowest under Modi government. Q1 GDP growth hits 3year low of 5.7 slowest under Modi government. Dramatic Economy slowdown 5.7 and people are suffering..we need to revive it back what should the Govt do: [removed]. Digital mapping of rural India courtesy rural development ministry. Build it and they will come. As UDAY Slowly Fizzles Out Power Demand Still Remains Weak. Demonization amp its consequences: Hi randia Im trying to understand the consequences of DeMo and most of the people around me have been saying these 1. Increased tax scope 2. 99 cash back means people who had black money have also submitted their hoarded cash and so are now in tax scope 3. Prevention of terrorism related activities since those cash denominations were made invalid. Whereas Ive been seeing Randia saying otherwise like 99 cash back means there was no black money caught since whatever was out there is back now instead of a certain percentage that shouldnt have come back. Could someone please explain seriously why they think what they think is the effect of DeMo Thanks amp looking towards a healthy discussion. India seen topping global labor force in next decade data show. Meet the economist who predicted India GDP growth at 5.7 in Q1. India GDP Growth At 3year Low. [ALERT] GST is mandatory for Freelancers Bloggers and Digital Marketers in India It will KILL Freelancing. Moodys keeps stable outlook for Indian banking system. Indias Core Industries Output Rises 2.4 In July 2017. Kiren Rijiju says there is huge gap between Indias cyber warfare capability capacity. Serious Debate for all of next week Q1 GDP growth at 5.7 Vs 7.9 Q1 last year.: This should the dominating News all week long. 2.2 GDP Growth drop from last years same Quarter is no ordinary drop people are suffering. http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/indiasq1gdpslipsto57from79inthesamequarterayearago/articleshow/60309685.cms gt Indias Gross Domestic Product GDP growth slid to 5.7 per cent during the first quarter AprilJune of the current financial year according to the numbers released by Central Statistics Officer CSO today. . GDP growth slows to 5.7 in first quarter. GDP Growth Slows To 5.7 In June Quarter Down From 6.1 In March. Shocking GDP growth of just 5.7 in Q1 vs 7.9 Q1 last year..this is absolute disaster: Indias Gross Domestic Product GDP growth slid to 5.7 per cent during the first quarter AprilJune of the current financial year according to the numbers released by Central Statistics Officer CSO today. The GDP numbers in the previous quarter JanuaryMarch had declined to 6.1 due to the impact of demonetisation. It was expected that the impact would wear off in the first quarter and the growth rate would improve. But the further slide in growth shows the economy is not just still smarting from the note ban but has also been badly impacted by the new indirect tax regime. http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/indicators/indiasq1gdpslipsto57from79inthesamequarterayearago/articleshow/60309685.cms We are in terrible times GST disruption Demonitization and now huge Floods in North east Bihar Mumbai.. PANAadhaar linking deadline extended by 4 months to December 31. Indias fiscal deficit reaches 92.4 of fullyear target in July. Govt defines creamy layer posts in PSUs other public institutions. Saab Adani to partner to build singleengine fighter jets in India consultant. GST to weaken automobile sectors Q2 earnings. Arun Jaitley Next Step Will Be To Cleanse Political Funding. CBSE amends order allows schools to run shops to sell books. The gap between Indias richer and poorer states is widening. New rules for internet shutdown in India Heres how they will work. Indias growth will balance power equations in the region says envoy from Australia. India rupee Illegal cash crackdown failed bank report. Paypal India to charge 18 GST....Its all over for Indians...: Effective date 2 October 2017 for Users who contract with PayPal Payments Private Limited PayPal is a global leader in digital payments available across 200 markets. Innovation is a core value for PayPal which helps us create amazing experiences for our customers. India is an important market and in order to enable us to provide superior customer experiences we are updating the UA for PayPal India account holders. This entails three critical elements 1. After the new UA is made effective you will contract with PayPal Payments Private Limited a company incorporated in India with CIN U74990MH2009PTC194653. 2. We have updated our UA to comply with local laws applicable to Indian companies including local taxation laws. We have been advised PayPal Services will attract a GST rate of 18. Please consult your tax advisors in terms of your eligibility for refunds. 3. We look forward to increase the scope of PayPal Services in the future subject to regulatory approvals and enter into partnerships. The actual effective date of the UA change will be notified latter after 30 days of the days of notice. As our valuable customer we hope to continue doing business with you. However for any reason you wish to discontinue doing business with us you have the option closing your account within 30 days of the date of the notice. https//www.paypal.com/in/webapps/mpp/ua/upcomingpoliciesfull Legal assistance is required to know if the charged GST can be refunded in any case or not...Look for alternatives now... Add your inputs with paypal alternatives and clarifications on this policy change. Thanks. OBC creamy layer concept extended to PSUs financial institutions. Cabinet clears Ordinance to allow hike in GST cess on cars. Indian Polity/citizenship/PIO amp OCI SCHEMES MERGED/abhimanus Current Affairs for Civil aspirants Targeting HCS PCS HAS IAS. Note ban served its purpose next step to cleanse political funding Jaitley. 12 lead indicators for Q1 GDP numbers. Bharat Road Network to launch Rs600 crore IPO on 6 September. India demonetisation failed to curb black money. Finally cruise tourism has dawned on India. GST cess on luxury cars SUVs set to rise as govt approves ordinance. [showerthought] It would have been more interesting if more than 100 of notes were returned to the banks.: Think about it though we tend to overdo on everything if there was a lot of fake currency they were deposited as well. Did RBI release what was the total collection including fake currency. Raghuram Rajan Populist Nationalism Is the First Step Toward Crony Capitalism. GST cess hiked on midsize large cars and SUVs 5 things to know: Indian govt has hiked GST on mid size cars large cars as well as on SUV. The proposal is almost final and is being sent to President for final approval. Get ready to churn out more cash for your favourite cars....for more details refer link below http//indianexpress.com/article/business/midsizelargecarsandsuvstosoonbecomeexpensive5thingstoknowgstcesshikedfrom15percentto25percentautoindustry4820698/. How Can the Institutions of Eminence Attract and Retain Faculty. Indian supply chain digitization efforts gain steam. ABB India reaches 5 GW milestone for solar inverters. Economic activity to expand 7.3 this fiscal RBI. Rural Financial Inclusion Small Finance Banks Could Pick up Where Public Sector Banks Left Off. Aadhaar data kept processed only on own secure servers UIDAI. Aadhaar PAN Card linkage If you dont link Aadhaar PAN by Aug 31 your ITR wont be processed Heres what it means for you. Cess on luxury cars SUVs hiked to 25 per cent from 15 per cent. UP cabinet decides to end interview in nongazetted government jobs. India exceeds expectations for first month of GST collection. 99 Of Banned 1000Rupee Notes Returned Says RBI. The glaring problem keeping Make in India from attaining the success of Made in China. The Changing Face of Work in India. Indias Supreme Court Rules Privacy Is A Fundamental Right Big Ramifications For The Aadhaar Biometric System And Beyond. Why India fails to deliver health and education. Satellite photos reveal how Mumbai killed its rivers and mangrove forests to risk epic floods. Narendra Modi Cabinet decisions From Army GST cars and more here are the top proposals cleared today. Union Cabinet hikes GST cess on sedans SUVs to 25 percent: [deleted]. GST Union Cabinet hikes GST cess on sedans SUVs to 25 percent: [deleted]. GST collection in July exceeds target more revenue expected. Court orders probe against Monster.com on data sale charge. Bhopal RTI cannot be used to access leave applications of public servants: [deleted]. Trials or Therapeutics How Regulators Have Made the Way for Uterus Transplants. Two third of Indian population is living in lesser space than Jail.  : [deleted]. How blockchaining Aadhaar can help If Aadhaar was built on a blockchain platform most of the concerns could be assuaged as the database would be immensely difficult to hack. Newslaundry presents Our new show Constituition. Govt has received Rs 92283 crore GST revenue in July Jaitley. Startups can now raise 100 FDI from venture capitalists. How Railways Can Save Hundreds Of Lives By Quickly Switching Over To LHB Coaches. Income Tax Department Warns Against Cash Dealings Above Rs 2 Lakh. Criminalising marital rape may destabilise institution of marriage Centre tells HC. Marital Rape As Crime Will Hit Institution Of Marriage Centre To Court. Is 100 FDI a much needed boost for Startup India. Privacy Inc. The one where Supreme Court saved Aadhaar. This 5 billion tax bill could cost India a spot in World Banks easeofdoing business list. Centre Says No to Criminalising Marital Rape Shouldnt Follow Western Nations Blindly: [deleted]. How to file RTI [Updated][2017] By OnlineRTI. Railway Accidents in India A look at why so many train accidents occur in our country. TRAI mulls phased spectrum auctions for 2017 two new bands this year. Israel sells India their first longrange surface to air missile. India witnesses healthy appraisal season despite economic uncertainties. Take measures to keep prices of onions in control Centre. Indiafocused funds net inflows at 5.3 bn. Govt to hold Pan India Camps for handloom amp handicraft. Information security spending sn India will grow 12 pc to reach 1.5 Billion in 2017 Gartner. See 15 growth in net sales for India in FY18 IPO likely by 2018 Lodha Developers. Govt to sell up to 10 stake in NTPC via OFS at Rs 168 per share may garner Rs 7000 crore. EPFO to trim investments in AAAbonds may pump Rs3000 crore into AAbonds. Jim O Neill India could grow by 9 or 10 for the next 10 to 15 years Lord Jim ONeill UK Government. This 5 billion tax bill could cost India a spot in World Banks easeofdoing business list. Government mulling 2 per cent relief on GST for digital payments. GST has hit exports and small enterprises says Amit Mitra. Cash payment prohibited Taxmen warn against cash dealings above Rs 2 lakh. Karnataka unveils policy to propel Bengaluru as a global hub in AVGC Animation Visual Effects Gaming and Comics. Internet shutdowns on the rise in India What govts new rulebook says. Arun Jaitley Modi government unlikely to change financial year date of Budget could be advanced further. Karnataka to roll out Aadhaar linked universal health coverage on November 1.. Indian economy to be over 5 trillion by 2025 says Madhusudan Kela of Reliance Capital. Diary of an unusual year. India Bonds Are So Hot to Foreigners Theyve Bought All They Can. Look at 3 growth sectors In India Manish Singh Crossbridge Capital. Makeover for worlds oldest city drives steel recovery in India. GST raises stink in Bengaluru. GST Like New DaughterInLaw Needs Time To Adjust Union Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal. Lessons from Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. Regulatory reform fails to cut red tape NITI Aayog. Karnataka ready to roll out Universal Health Coverage. FNB News Indian convenience food mkt expected to touch Rs 1580 bn by end of 17. CBSE school looks to sun for power. What will Indias strategy at WTO be Nirmala Sitharaman explains. Andhra Pradesh gets largest share of affordable houses sanctioned by govt. More than 26 lakh houses have been sanctioned so far with an investment of Rs 1.40 lakh crore.. PM Narendra Modi 30 crore families got Jan Dhan accountsRs 65000 crore deposited. The gap between developed markets and emerging markets is closing. Now Indias new FDI policy includes startups. What is Article 35A. RBI may consider linking bank loans to repo rate. Rajnath UP CM to inaugurate Lucknow Metro services on Sep 5. Beyond the Green Fields of Punjab Lies a Mounting Agrarian Distress Punjab exceeds most states in metrics on mechanisation chemical input and capital investment. What then explains the failure of its green fields. State of Euphoria in Indian Natural Gas Market 20172030 India Set to Become an LNG Juggernaut and Swing Demand in Global LNG Trade. Indias crude steel output up 3.5 to 8.36 MT in July. NCERT to work on courses about Indias tradition culture says Prakash Javadekar. Dera Sacha Sauda chief Ram Rahim sentenced 10 years pleads for mercy. Fringe benefits availed by employees liable to GST. PenNews Nepal the balancing act. Daily revision of diesel petrol prices isnt benefiting consumers for now. India should focus more on reducing poverty than inequality Arvind Panagariya. Hurry Up BSNL Users Link Your Number With Aadhar . Large Indian conglomerates invest only in a handful of states. Report Card Two years of AAP Government in Delhi. AAP to launch campaign for national policy on agriculture. As a prelude districtlevel meetings being held in States. AAP to crack down on surge pricing. Transport Minister to preside over meetings to decide on a cap on maximum fare that can be charged. AAP with NRIs help adopts debtridden farmers gives them aid. Equity fused with right Allahabad court rules that the distance rules in RTE can be ignored. ModiAbe to launch AsiaAfrica corridor.. Government Planning to Give 2 Relief on GST For Digital Payments. Railway Board Chairman Ashwani Lohanis first order VIP culture must stop. Niti Aayog Suggests Study To Assess Indias Groundwater Banking Potential. Calls to weaken rupee are misguided. Aadhar Authority Refutes Reports Of Aadhaar Data Snoop Says System Secure. In Future Unemployment and Low Salary Disaster waiting for India The Truth Rising Nations: [deleted]. The Supreme Courts Right to Privacy Judgment I Foundations. Indias exposure to US govt securities at 130.3 bn in June. Petrol price up by Rs 6/litre since July diesel Rs 3.67. Railway Accidents in India A look at why so many train accidents occur in our country. UIDAI refutes Wikileaks reports of Aadhaar data snoop says system is secure. India Facing Severe Underemployment NITI Aayog. Understanding inundation in the Brahmaputra Valley. Modis inexplicable Uturn on Aadhaar. Concern for privacy Activists chorus grows for Aadhaar to go xpost /r/antiaadhar. Threatened By Growth Of BHIM App Payment Companies Petition PM To Make NPCI A Neutral Body. [NP] Plan to make PAN card must for all transactions in gold. The Changing Face of Work in India. Reverse swing 900 students choose this Delhi govt school over private ones. How 5 schools became Delhis cleanest with swachh monitors liquid soap tiffins. Delhi AAP govt to get rid of 141 spots prone to fatal road accidents. Delhi govt will regularise casual jobs set up 25 more skill centres Kejriwal. Delhi govt set to construct over 5000 houses for poor. Postdemonetisation 99 of Rs 1000 notes back with RBI. WikiLeaks report Aadhaarapproved biometric firm used in covert info gathering. The quiet digital revolution in Chandrapur. Labelling of GM foods likely to be mandatory. Deadline to link Aadhaar with PAN is 31st August clarifies UIDAI here is step by step guide on how to do it online. Requirement List of companies struck off by Registrar in India supposed action of Modi: [removed]. Gravitas Has China offered Bhutan 10billion in standoff with India: [deleted]. SBI ATM Pin Generation Step by step guide to regenerate SBI ATM PIN. Shocking Mumbai man has new Rs 50 note even before RBI released it Details will floor you. WikiLeaks hints at CIA access to Aadhaar data officials deny it. Demonetisation hit smaller companies hardest services sector profits slumped 114.5 RBI report. Basic questions Guidance to taxpayers for GST Goods and Services Tax Part 1 ayupp. Inferences from low growth in real wages of India Inc. Petrol price has risen by over Rs 5 per litre but you may be forgiven for not noticing. Indias foreign student recruitment abysmally low. GST rollout 29 lakh businesses file their first tax returns under newly introduced tax. Animation Comparing China vs. India Population Pyramids. This Is What Supreme Court Said In Right To Privacy Judgment [READ JUDGMENT]. CJI Khehar hopes paperless court becomes reality praises bar. Right to privacy Data shows states using Aadhaar to build profiles of citizens. Minor rape victims should not be denied permission to abort SC Rocks Another Good Judgement by SC:  NEW DELHI The Supreme Court on Friday said that a minor rape victim should not be forced to knock the doors of the court for getting permission to terminate her pregnancy arising out of any sexual offence.It also favoured setting up of a trust for the benefit of the Chandigarhbased 10yearold girl rape survivor who recently delivered a child after being denied abortion.A bench of Justices Madan B Lokur and Deepak Gupta said that crucial time got wasted in court proceedings and it became too late and risky to allow abortion in that case. The court said that in such cases medical practitioners should take a proactive steps to come to the rescue of the victim.The court agreed with the submission of senior advocate Indira Jaising who contended that pregnancy was also life threatening in case of a minor girl and it was the duty of the doctors to allow her to undergo abortion. The provisions of Medical Termination of Pregnancy MTP Act are not properly understood by doctors and they are afraid to help the victims in abortion fearing criminal prosecution under Section 312 of Indian Penal code she said.Section 312 says that whoever voluntarily causes a woman with child to miscarry shall if such miscarriage be not caused in good faith for the purpose of saving the life of the woman be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to three years or with fine or with both.Referring to the provision Jaising said that the penal provision was not applicable in case of a minor child as her pregnancy was also life threatening and abortion was only to pave the life of the victim.After a brief hearing the bench said that it would examine the larger issue pertaining to minor rape victims and asked Jaising to submit a scheme for creating a trust or foundation to take care of the 10year old child. The court said that money would be deposited in the trust which would meet medical and daytoday requirement of the victim her child and family members.The bench also directed that identity of the victim her child and her family members would not be made public and ordered that her medical report be kept in a sealed cover. It also directed Chandigarhs legal service authority to immediately disburse amount of Rs one lakh to her.The girl had been raped several times allegedly by her maternal uncle. She and her family members came to know about her pregnancy when she went to see the doctors for stomach pain and by that time the foetus was about 26week old.. FDI flows into India to rise to 2.5 of GDP in 5 years says UBS. SC overrules Emergencyera habeas corpus verdict Judgments rendered by all the four judges constituting the majority in ADM Jabalpur case are seriously flawed. DGCA moots for remote pilot licence for drones. Small is definitely not beautiful especially after demonetisation Livemint. High Court orders attachment of property of Gurmeet Ram Rahim to compensate for the damage caused by his supporters. No one likes to be told what to eat how to dress SC. TIL The total length of the irrigation canals of Narmada in Gujarat is more than the length of total railway track across India: [Source]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/narmadatobecomeamajorpollplankforbjpingujarat/articleshow/60218824.cms. After Right to Privacy ruling robust data protection laws is need of the hour. Guru Ram Rahim Singh convicted in 2002 rape case. Madras HC bans Plaster of Paris Ganesha idols and latenight fireworks ahead of Chaturthi. India needs equal rights for all. DGCA may soon issue drone flying licence for civilians. PSU bank mergers Putting lipstick on a pig. [1998]What about the economic bomb. Right to Privacy Indias minuscule fraction rejoice today prepare for Section 377 battle another day. Trump singled out India to do more in Afghanistan. That could easily backfire. Opposed Privacy As Fundamental Right Mukul Rohatgi Contradicts Centre: [deleted]. IAS IPS allocation policy rejigged for national integration of bureaucracy. 200 Rupees India New Note Launch Images Size Comparison amp Security Features. India Nepal Sign 8 Pacts Including In Countering Drug Trafficking. Niti Aayog for clear guidelines on data protection. India crackdown on China tech firms gathering pace. AadhaarPAN linkage to continue UIDAI CEO. Niti Aayog Sets Out 3Year Action Agenda Says India Can Achieve 8 Per Cent Growth. Right to privacy inherently protected under fundamental freedoms in Constitution Supreme Court The Hindu. India will be largest borrower for AIIB Sir Danny Alexander. Rs 5253 cr road projects to benefit India Nepal Gadkari. Karnataka Government Diverts Temple Funds to Christian Schools Says NO to Hindu Schools. India to provide legal financial aid to distressed workers in UAE. Dear Modi making bad ideas bigger doesnt make them better. Current Affairs 24th August 2017. Panel Discussion India Transformed 25 Years of Economic Reforms: [deleted]. Panel Discussion India Transformed 25 Years of Economic Reforms. Statement on behalf of Govt of India on the Supreme Court judgement on RightToPrivacy. Indian Railways to hire 2 lakh workers to put safety back on track. Desi combat chopper to begin production Jaitley to inaugurate unit on Saturday. Brilliant discussion on Indian Economy: [deleted]. State tops HIV infection list in country RTI reply. Is Indian Steel Sector Back On Growth Track. Ravi Shankar Prasad on Twitter Govt was of the view that RightToPrivacy should be a fundamental right.. Reserve Bank of India to issue notes in denomination of Rs.200 tomorrow.. ELI5 What is Right to Privacy: How does it help to me as an individual What effect does it have on my life . RBI to introduce bright yellow Rs 200 currency notes from tomorrow. RBI Introduces 200 denomination banknote RBI Press Release with a picture of the new note: [deleted]. Aadhaar WhatsApp Section 377 How Right To Privacy May Affect Other Cases. RBI to issue Rs 200 note on Friday: [deleted]. New cadre policy for IAS IPS officers finalised says govt. R 200 note RBI to issue Rs 200 note tomorrow. Here is how it looks. Celebration on Right to Privacy could be premature. Supreme Court says privacy is fundamental right 9 things to know about the issue. Dear Indian Taxpayers looking at this chart do you think your contributed money is being spent wisely: [Here is the sector wise expenditure breakup chart]http//i.imgur.com/J255Eoe.jpg of the last Union Budget. And [here]http//indiabudget.nic.in/ub201718/bag/bag4.pdf is the entire budget profile thanks to the contribution of /u/alexglock. Looking at this breakup I dont feel that the taxpayer money is being used wisely for example 56k crores for Agriculture and Allied areas Really Not only do you allow the farmers to go 100 taxfree zero IT zero GST no registration of any kind required but on top of that you want to provide additional subsidy from the taxpayer kitty Just not acceptable. Not to mention this is one of those areas where accounting is very difficult. May I ask how am I to determine what portion of this subsidy actually went to small farmers how much to rich and wellconnected farmers and how much just went to local politicians pockets Unless an area of budgeting is measurable you shouldnt be wasting monies there. 79k crores for Education What education Every small school or college worth studying is asking nothing short of your life earnings in donations I dont see this 79k crore flowing through the economy anywhere. 70k crore for fertilizer subsidy Are the farmers of our country related to the King of England in any way or what Apart from waiving all of their taxes giving 56k crore in grants you also want to pump in another 70k as fertilizer subsidy Its just another business or profession ffs 5.3 lac crores in Interest Who accumulated those debts and liabilities and made our economy pay such astronomical amounts in just interest payments Why should the Indian taxpayer suffer for your wrong decisions Let me disclaim first that Im not an economist or something though I studied that subject during my graduation. Some of you may not agree with me depending on your viewpoints but if you do disapprove of any of these budgeting decisions do explain how will you allocate it differently . Why India fails to deliver health and education. Price caps on most medical devices soon. Indias proposed pharma marketing rules hit legal roadblock. Karnataka to have electric vehicle and energy storage policy soon. In India it is the beginning of the end for ATMs. Rs 200 note could be in circulation by September. Supreme Court verdict on Right to Privacy today Meet the nine judges who form Constitution Bench. Organic farming in India has huge potential opportunities Niti Ayog CEO. India biggest beneficiary of European scholarship programme. No more physical police verification for passport Digital India has new plans. Supreme Court decision on Right to Privacy today How other countries across the world treat their citizens data. After 163 years Railways to put toilets in train engines. Right to Privacy Verdict Live Constitution Bench Unanimously Declares Privacy is a Fundamental Right. Supreme Court avenges a misogynist clergy. Why India fails to deliver health and education. The right to be left alone. Supreme Court ruling on right to privacy live updates Ninejudge bench to deliver verdict shortly. High Way Liquor Ban Not Applicable To Bars And Outlets Within Municipal Areas SC. India told investors to calm down with bonds but overseas buyers havent listened. I Do What I Do Raghuram Rajans book on his time as RBI chief will be out on September 4. Indian Coast Guard ship Varuna decommissioned after 30 years of service. Cgarh govt forms panel to review arrangements at cow shelters. Oct WTO meet to see India push for trade agreement on services. Petrol prices creep up following daily changes. India among top 10 target countries for web application attacks in Q2 2017 Study. Petrol is at Rs77 per litre again. Where is the money going FuelPriceHike. India Added More Renewable Energy Than Thermal Power 4 Consecutive Quarters. AADHAAR Supreme Court to decide tomorrow whether privacy a fundamental right. Timothy Wong joins the list of experts bullish on Indias longterm growth prospects. India A Developed Nation By 2047. Reserve Bank of India to introduce Rs 200 notes beginning September Times of India. India is fighting the Doklam war with China on a 5inch battleground. indian Railways will recruit 2 lakh employees for safety and maintenance. Triple talaq controversy India Today reporter heckled at Aligarh Muslim University India Videos. India launches bids for 234 helicopters for navy worth 5bn. India One Of US Most Significant Tourism Origin Countries. agrarian crisis in punjabfarmers throwdown potatoes crop on roadsin reaction of low market rates.. Railways to loot passengers this festive season with Premium tatkal. GST Council extends July payment and return filing deadline to 25 August. Make in India Government launches global hunt for 234 naval helicopters worth over 5 billion. Cabinet OKs PSU bank merger PNB Bank of India SBI shares surge as consolidation inches ahead. Forced sex with minor wife not criminal act Govt defends rape law to protect marriage. Swelling forex reserves could soon cost RBI in ways very few foresaw. Govt deactivates over 80 lakh Aadhaar. Is yours still valid. BTech and bust Why Indians rush to be engineers when there are no jobs. The republic of statistical scramble. Delhi govt imposes blanket ban on manual cleaning of sewers offenders to be booked under culpable homicide. 5 Economic Trends Prove India Becomes Economic Superpower. Indian PC market declined 18.9 QoQ in Q217 due to impact of GST IDC. A. Borwankar The Indian Tesla will have two wheels.: [deleted]. Non registered businesses not allowed to charge GST and still some restaurants collecting 18 GST: Non registered businesses not allowed to charge GST and still some restaurants collecting 18 GST. The wrong GST charges TALLY AGAINST THE LAW. Followig some of the points that helps to identify the culprits. 1 How to identify register or unregister dealer Register dealer should print GST number on their bill. 2 How to identify if they printed Fake GST number You can verify GST number in this link https//services.gst.gov.in/services/searchtp 3 What are the GST rates to restaurants For nonAC/nonalcohol serving hotels it is 12 For AC/alcoholserving hotels it is 18 For luxury or 5star hotels it is 28 4 In case of GST Fraud where should we file complaint Email helpdeskgst.gov.in Phone 01204888999 01123370115. Withdraw GST on medicines Indian Medical Association. Indian Banks Move to Comply with Aadhaar Account Linking. GMOs Are Making an Agricultural Crisis in India Even Worse. Renewables could bring balance to Indias economic growth.. Indias renewable energy sector is set to boom by 2030. [GST] Government gets Rs 42000 crore tax so far in first filing under GST Times of India. NITI Aayog to launch Mentor India Campaign. India grants pharma major Pfizer patent on pneumonia vaccine in big blow to poor patients. PM Modi to roll out 9500 projects in a day. Who Protects Indians From the Taxmans Algorithms As the Indian government scrutinizes the digital lives of its citizens to root out economic crime fundamental rights could be in jeopardy.. Muslim women can now hold their heads high Shayara Bano. After Fatalities Delhi Government to Fully Mechanise Sewer Cleaning. Indias June quarter GDP to see modest recovery at 6.6 Nomura. Tax on medical oxygen jumps 3fold under GST docs raise concern. No Need for Physical Police Verification for Passports Ministry. CAIT for tech audit of GSTN portal Deccan Herald Aug 22 2017. Triple Talaq Verdict Supreme Court declared it unconstitutional: [deleted]. Petition Filed Before SC Demanding Exemption Of Equipment For Disabled From Levy Of GST. 5 Judges Of 5 Faiths Give Verdict On Triple Talaq. Draft rules against cut practice recommend 5 years in jail for doctors. A preliminary draft of the proposed legislation against cut practice has recommended a jail term of five years and penalty of up to Rs 50000 against doctors indulging in unethical means to exploit patients.. India at 70 The good and bad of Indias growth story. Police verification for passport to go online within a year. Around 100 brokers under lens for helping shell companies. IARI soiltesting technology tweaked private firm has monopoly. Guys we need to discuss Reservation: I think we can all agree that Reservation is a sensitive topic in India and its something we should debate. I would like to have a civil discussion about the topic as I am genuinely curious about what people think about it. But before I start I need to say this I am 100 for the upliftment of historically disadvantaged castes and tribes. Also improving their representation. The question that we really need to answer is whether reservation is the correct solution for that. So heres my view. As I said I am 100 for the upliftment of historically disadvantaged castes and tribes. Also improving their representation. But the reason I dont like reservation is because it is very flawed. Some problems with Reservation are Poor people who actually need financial and social help are left out on their own. The government does nothing to verify that the people having caste certificates are actually backward. The rule is that if you earn over a certain threshold you are not eligible for reservation. But there is practically no verification of this. Sometimes they ask for income certificates but anyone who has ever been to a Babus office knows that there is no actual income verification. The reservation percentages are arbitrarily decided. Before you guys jump on me and say that the govt. has done statistical research and arrived at those numbers please cite a source. The fact that there is no public data tells you a lot. It has become a tool for politicians to exploit. It has become a way to garner votes. It is not good for meritrocacy. For e.g. imagine a more extreme case. What if we started awarding medical degrees even at 4.0/10.0 GPA. Wouldnt this pose practical problems. What if they misdiagnose someone or cause someones death. Where do we draw the line Why not reservation in the Indian cricket team Lets have 50 players from OBS/ST/SC. Why not bollywood Why not private companies Some common rebuttals gt Reservation has helped a lot of people who were actually disadvantaged. I agree but that doesnt make it right. You cant quote instances where it worked and say its ok. I am sure it works in most cases but what about the cases where it doesnt I am not talking about the majority here. By that logic even the Information Technology Act is okay because it has worked in most cases. But what about the cases where it was abused gt What other solution do you have I dont. Thats why we need to discuss some other solutions. For e.g. we can start by making the income verification a lot more strict. Secondly we should have a socioeconomic census to verify its effectiveness in the past and use the latest data to adjust the percentages so that it benefits most people. Furthermore the data should be made public so we know the politicaians are not making us chutiya. We should make quotas more fine grained to account for the relative differences between reserved classes. For e.g. caste A is more disadvantaged than caste B and caste A has more population than caste B. Then caste A should have more reservation than caste B. We should spread more awareness about these reservation schemes so more people know about them and use it to their advantage. Spend more money on advertising reservation than on Lund lasan kalyan yojna. What pains me is that I have plenty of SC/ST friends who are really poor and a lot of them didnt even know what IIT was until after they joined a college. It is cases like these that anger me.. India to put Chabahar rail link on fast track.. Who Protects Indians From the Taxmans Algorithms As the Indian government scrutinizes the digital lives of its citizens to root out economic crime fundamental rights could be in jeopardy.. How shell companies are used in black money creation laundering. GST pulls down India Inc net by 15.7 per cent to Rs 87475 crore in first quarter. Various steps taken to curb child pornography Centre to SC. Excess Liquidity Is Now the RBIs Biggest Concern. Government seeks holistic approach from AsiaPacific region for Digital India. India to have 155 GW nonhydro renewable capacity by 2026 BMI. I was the only deaf student in a classroom heres how Indian schools are wasting our potential. crop insurance Claims over Rs 7700 cr paid to 90L farmers Officials to PM. Hong Kong clocks 40 per cent increase in trade with India in H1 of 2017. Taxpayers dont fund anything Some real world economics. US releases data for H1B visas India biggest applicant. Poor Healthcare Is Indias Greatest Public Failing. HK clocks 40 pc increase in trade with India in H1 of 2017. Forex reserves may hit USD 400 billion by September Morgan Stanley. [Economy] Mounting NPAs in many Indian Banks How worried should you be: I came across [this recent ET article]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/indiasbigbadloanproblembankswithhighestnpas/indiasbigbadloanproblembankswithhighestnpas/slideshow/58928031.cms that states the alarming statistics of NPA Non Performing Assets in several top banks of India both in the PSU and private sectors. Some banks have NPAs as high as 15 to 20 percent. If 15 of the people you lend dont return back your loans then isnt that a question mark on your lending credibility or expertise as a banker I want to ask this question to the banks as well as the government. More worrying fact is that the stock market is highly overpriced and sitting near 5 year highs and the banks balance sheets are having lot of these problematic assets. In 2008 this was the exact scenario in USA that led to their major home loan crisis which affected the global markets and was one of the worst crashes in history. Lets hope their equivalent doesnt take place in India.. Hike in upfront payment in tax disputes harsh Experts. Metro network Union government to double Metro network in 18 months add 4 new cities on map. Regional rural banks mergers gets exemption from CCI ambit. Learning in a saffrontinted market. To massively boost T90 battle tanks destructive power Army to induct new thirdgeneration missile. 35 of faculty posts vacant in IITs 53 in central universities. Rebooting the idea of the farm economy. India Needs to Get Healthy. JEE Advanced exam will go completely online from next year. Govt all set to hike GST cess on luxury cars via ordinance. Nonoil exports continue to decline sequentially on strong rupee GST. 50 days of GST Tough lessons learnt road ahead looks good. Economic Survey Volume II. Hitlers Plan for India if Germany had won World War 2 : In 1938 before the war began Hitler gave the British foreign minister a little advice. Shoot Gandhi he told him. And if this doesnt suffice to reduce them to submission shoot a dozen leading members of the Congress. As far as Hitler was concerned the British were taking too light a hand with the peaceful protests of Mahatma Gandhi. Hitler felt that Indians were a lower race who needed to be subjected to Aryan ruleand if hed taken over the world he planned on putting his advice into action. As the war raged on Hitlers disdain for India cost him some golden opportunities. At one point a resistance army led by Subhas Chandra Bose traveled to Berlin and offered to help lead an Indian revolt against the British.[7] He got thousands to sign up to fight with him but Hitlers prejudices ran so deep that he never even put the men to use. In the end Bose teamed up with the Japanese instead and India was marked as a part of the CoProsperity Sphere. But if a third world war came and the Nazis conquered Japan Hitler had made it perfectly clear how the people of India would be treated. References http//listverse.com/2017/08/20/10planshitlerwouldhaveputinmotionifthenazishadwon/. satire Govts message to the citizens explaining their need for making Aadhar mandatory: [removed]. We want to know everything about you The government handout that you wont read on Aadhaar: [deleted]. Why cant Bihar UP MP Rajasthan Jharkhand have 1 child policy then 2 child for few years: [deleted]. 66A struck down Indian government trying to get in a tougher law. India Could Be Solar Energys Next Oasis. GST to Enable Brand Licensing Industry to Grow in India. National Cyber Coordination Centre Govts online metadata scanning project is live. Aadhaar not mandatory for booking rail tickets Govt. Farmers can avail crop loans at 7 per cent Aadhaar link a must RBI. Imagining Indias new data privacy law. Prepare to pay hefty fines for dog poop on Pune roads other nuisances. Naming a right With the Supreme Court set to rule on privacy India is on the cusp of constitutional history. PF rule change hurts expats returning to work in India. MP CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan announces 33 pct reservation for women in all state departments excluding forests. Indias overall progress About Aman Aasha and Gorakhpur. Coimbatore Municipality Offers Deceased Sanitary Workers Jobs To Their MBA Engineer Kids. Smart cities in India is a hot topic right now. I being an Architect would like to share a brief article on this topic.... Across the aisle India at 70 The Economy continued. Across the Aisle India at 70 The Economy. 35 of faculty posts vacant in IITs 53 in central universities: [deleted]. India Inc calls for strengthening policy reforms job creation. Benefits of Aadhaar Card you should know. Pay up or get out finance minister Arun Jaitley tells defaulters. GST Council extends July payment and return filing deadline to 25 August. Indias Crisis of Representation. How Punjabs Green Revolution in the 1960s changed India forever. Bengaluru better than New York says Minister KJ George. SBI collects Rs 235cr in minimum balance fine in June qtr RTI. India gold discounts widen as South Korea imports add to supply. Imagining Indias new data privacy law: [deleted]. Bad loans at 9.6 not acceptable need to raise funds RBI Governor Urjit Patel. The government would dilute its stakes in the staterun banks to raise extra capital suggested Urjit Patel.. Getting charged upResearch and smart trade agreements are needed to realise Indias ambitious electric vehicles target. Nigeria India trade volume hits 10bn. India US take bilateral ties to a new level. India needs to grow at 910 per cent to lift millions out of poverty Amitabh Kant. New INR 50 note launched. Nothing malafide please engage in discussion Activists to UIDAI CEO. Drain deaths Cheap labour distrust of machines keep manual scavenging alive ThePrint. In photos The children left shrunken and braindamaged in Gorakhpurs encephalitis ward. Complex truths about colonial Indias economy. Why We Should Watch Out Once Dipak Misra Assumes CJIs Seat. Housework Keeps Indias Women At Home. Some Women Are Changing That IndiaSpend. Does The U.S. Need India More Than India Needs The U.S.. 323 mn more Indians by 2050 India to be most populous nation with 1.7 bn. Rs 50 RBI to issue new Rs 50 currency note. NCRB Merger Will Destroy Integrity of Data P Sainath. Climate change costs India 10 billion every year Government. The British Left India Richer Than They Found It. Answering all the questions about union territory GST implementation eligibility rules and tax levied.. India will benefit from growing tax revenue in FY2018 DBS. India will benefit from growing tax revenue in FY2018 DBS. Bengaluru Hunger Games at Indira canteen. India cleans up its act. NGT bans use of plastic bags of less than 50 microns in Delhi. Indian Army to get six multirole combat Apache helicopters with nightfighting features. In FY17 Indias Agricultural Exports Down To 33.87 Billion. Now app for online electoral roll management. NHAI launches mobile apps for electronic toll collection. 70 years of Independence Healthcare ecosystem to ensure safe pregnancies still lacking. The National Family Health Survey 201516 points out that only 16.7 percent of pregnant women in rural India get a full antenatal prebirth checkup done.. Mortality other losses ascribed to poor breastfeeding can cost Indian economy 14 billion UN. Exclusive India aims to revamp health scheme lower costs after criticism. India aims to revamp health scheme by lowering cost: [deleted]. Exclusive India aims to revamp health scheme lower costs after criticism: [deleted]. India may force foreign handset makers to set up servers here to ensure data protection. India is quietly preparing to end Chinese businesses free run here. That sinking feeling. Govt proposes to dilute National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authoritys powers. New 50 Notes Mahatma Gandhi New Series. Quarterly results heat map for Nifty firms. Majority of Nifty companies missed analysts expectations in the June quarter. Taking aim at China India tightens power grid telecoms rules. For First Time Army To Get Its Own Attack Helicopters Boeing Apaches. BJP emerges as corporate favourite receives Rs 705 crore in four years reveals ADR report: [deleted]. PM Modi Says 24 Lakh Taxpayers Added After Demonetisaion FM Jaitley Says 91 Lakh What Is The Actual Figure. India clears purchase of six Boeing helicopters in 650 million deal official. A Cap in the Knee Govt Slashes Knee Implant Price From 1.58 Lakh to 54K. Srijan scam Tejashwi Yadav demands CBI probe into Rs 1000 cr Srijan scam. Get to know how to set off input credit against tax liability in the new GST regime.. How Indias Debt Could Kill Its Growth. First Swachh Lab Launched In India. Govt. to introduce electric cars to make India pollution free. Government plans to provide electric cars to ministers and government officers. TRAI proposes new rules for mobile number portability process to reduce rejection of MNP requests. Indias weight in MSCI EM index to rise in coming years Morgan. Reliance bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry. Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 crore contract from Defence Ministry: [deleted]. Reliance Defence bags Rs 916 cr contract from Defence Ministry: [deleted]. Indians are buying more phones from Chinese companies Report. Wow comparing UP and Pakistan UP is worst on all indicators Population Area life expectancy Fertility rate HDI literacy rate GDP and per capita income.: [removed]. Reliance Defence bags Rs 916cr contract from Defence Ministry: [deleted]. TRAI proposes changes in mobile number portability rules to curb request rejection. Adani Group Allegedly Siphoned Rs 1500 Crore to Mauritius Report. Farmers to get crop loans at subsidised 7 Aadhaar link a must. Government bans export of gold items above 22carat purity. Now LED bulbs tubelights fans to be sold at petrol pumps government agencies sign MoU. Amended central law endangers silence zones Times of India. Trai seeks views on data security in telecom sector. Indias vehicular pollution tests are a sham. Minamata Convention comes into force India yet to ratify it. The Minamata Convention a global treaty to protect human health and the environment from adverse effects of mercury took effect on Wednesday but India has missed the bus for now. Nowhere in the world has PPP in Metro rail fully succeeded says E Sreedharan. Trai wants industry body of cloud service providers. NPPA imposes price caps on knee implants prices to be cheaper 3078. India sees over 15 per cent growth in foreign tourist arrival. India Inc calls for strengthening policy reforms job creation. Centre plans to sell generic medicines at fuel stations. Indias retail inflation rises to 2.36 percent in July. Knee implants to cost up to 69 less as government caps prices.. The architecture of censorship. Govt approves new metro policy push for private investment. US terms Hizbul Mujahideen a foreign terror outfit seeks to choke its funding Times of India. Fact Check Increase in Tax Returns and Income Tax Base. The Human Cost of the Obsession with a Swachh Bharat. Gurdeep Singh Sappal resigns as Rajya Sabha TV CEO Prasar Bharatis Vempati gets additional charge. Agrarian crisis Gone are days of Jai Jawan Jai Kisan the debtridden farmer is now a liability. GST glitches may hit pricing new orders Exporters. The crisis in Gorakhpur raises serious questions about claims of good governance and development. Brinda Karat Makes A Case For Legal Backing Of Menstrual Leave. India bans exports of gold products above 22 carats. This Homeless Indian Used To Do Sewing To Survive But Cant Do It Anymore Relies On Free Food Stalls Now 250 11yr Old Kid Sells Corns To Feed His Family 214 Giving 100 Burgers Raise Awareness . India may become 1st nation using LED for all lights by 2019. Why Isnt Modi Doing More. Tech companies outsourcing foreign workers via H1B visas pay low wages Quartz How both sides are getting screwed but the execs are raking in the moolah. Caution from a sobering Survey Given the macroeconomic context India should have recorded higher economic growth this year. More than Rs 25000 crore meant for labour welfare remains unspent. Politics A Poor Guide To Indian Economy Morgan Stanleys Ruchir Sharma. TIL Modern India has the most slaves of any country at roughly 18.4 million. [P]: While Independence Day is being celebrated today I learned Modern India has the most slaves of any country at [roughly 18.4 million]https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contemporaryslavery. Types of contemporary slavery include slavery by descent bonded labour child labour forced migrant labour sex slavery and prostitution early or forced marriage by family custom. No Independence for these people. . GSTR3B Form Filing Rules Eligibility amp Deadlines: [deleted]. Total Value of Black Money made during Congress Era amounts to 901 Trillion. Outlawing apostasy Jharkhands anticonversion bill is a body blow to freedom of religion in India. 81 Lakh Aadhaar Numbers 11 Lakh PANs Deactivated. How To Check Status. Foreign bank executive in fray for RBI deputy governor post. Ferrying drunk passengers could land you in trouble in India. If your medical test costs less than Rs 500 it will soon be free at AIIMS. Ferrying drunk passengers could land you in trouble in India: [deleted]. 7 projects to reduce load on NH8 stretch. Experts warn change in education policy will push Tamil Nadu backwards. New biofuel policy in the works eyes Rs 1 lakh cr investment. The ghostly organisation that should have transformed Indias food warehouses. Global interdependence will drive Indias economic prosperity. Serving soldiers will now be the first to board Air India flights. Aadhaar implementation a threat to nations security Lekhi [Mar 14]. 70 milestones in Independent Indias business history. 2015 India lost 2 kids below the age of 5 every minute MP worse than Africa. Sushma Swaraj Has An Independence Day Gift For Pakistani Patients. Cut Thrust The new Kashmir doctrine. TIL India imports silver and auto parts from North Korea. German Media The Reality of Indian IT Industry. PMs Competitive Cooperative Federalism brilliant idea Narayana Murthy. Indias Bold Experiment With Cash Debunking Myths naked capitalism. Where are the jobs promised by this government Newslaundry. Young unemployed and Not looking for jobs. EESL to procure 10K electric cars for various ministries. India after partition then and now. 18 lakh people Rs 1.75 lakh crore deposits under scrutiny PM Narendra Modi. Drawing the line The short and longterm consequences of partitioning India VoxDev. 18 lakh people Rs 1.75 lakh crore deposits under scrutiny PM Narendra Modi: [deleted]. Kaushik Basu slams Indias demonetisation programme but lauds GST. India to import 25 tonnes of duty free gold from South Korea Industry officials. Government slaps 264 mn penalty on Reliance Industries Ltd BP.. 18 lakh people Rs 1.75 lakh crore deposits under scrutiny PM Narendra Modi: [deleted]. The Big Picture Eradication of poverty What steps need to be taken to achieve this goal. Across the Aisle India at 70 The Economy. SBI cuts down 6000 Employees. Universal Basic Infrastructure to help decrease Indias poverty. Modi disrespects National Anthem by closing eyes while singing: We can see here that the PM closed his eyes while singing national anthem he should not disrespect the anthem http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/wearecapableofdefendingourcountryinallspheresmodi/articleshow/60068921.cms While we are by law required to stand in theatres we should also be taught how to keep eyes open while singing and we should start the PM himself.. India At 70 What A Comparison With 5 Nations Reveals. Wind projects in peril as Andhra Pradesh Karnataka rethink purchases. Todays India What is changing in India and what is not The Rising Nation Part III. No. of villages adopted under Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana MP Ideal Village Prog. Phase 1 Lok Sabha500 Rajya Sabha203 Phase 2 LS289 RS98 Phase 3 LS40 RS11. The govt. website itself says villages identified and not adopted.. Gorakhpur tragedy the tip of public health crisis in India News Today Videos India Today Video. World Bank agrees to Indian contention on Indus Water Treaty. 13000 shell companies were identified prior to SEBI ban. GST Freelancers export of services. What I know.: So I am full time freelancer. GST is the most important thing in my life right now. 1. All my services are exports. I get a WIRE transfer for the payment in USD and my bank converts into INR. 2. I do not have any papers for this. No trade license no professional tax no establishment. I just work from my rented home. 3. Max revenue in past years is 40lakhs min is 8lakhs. It has ups and downs. Here GSTGol says it is not required to get registered if input is not required. I dont require it. https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/884103880266493952 Some community article says the same https//community.nasscom.in/community/discuss/currentissues/gst/blog/2017/08/07/nogstregistrationrequiredforexportersofservice As I dont require input I am not registering. Then this pops up https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/896960549476483072 See the replies too. Related threads https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6p91qv/helpgstonfreelancing/ https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6rwc17/gstfreelancersforwhoworkforforeignclients/ . Gorakhpur hospital Fresh deaths reported as politicians trade charges Livemint. GST Freelancers export of services. What I know.: [removed]. Indias Retail Inflation Picks up for First Time in Four Months but Still Below RBI Target. Indias retail inflation picks up for first time in four months. Gorakhpur A symbol of Indias broken healthcare system Moneycontrol.com. Why Isnt Modi Doing More. Why Isnt Modi Doing More: [deleted]. Chhattisgarh HC asks government to consider increasing minimum broadband speeds to 2Mbps [np]. Over 9.3 crore PANs linked with Aadhaar. Indias trade deficit narrows to 11.45 billion in July. India to add 7K MW nuclear power capacity Goyal. Indias external position appears robust Eco Survey. Chhatisgarh HC asks government to consider increasing minimum broadband speeds to 2Mbps: [deleted]. Bollywood builders brokers More shellshocks in store. [Inforgraphic] Supreme Court on Right to Privacy in the last 63 years. Indias forex reserves surge to record 392.86 billion. Once fragile India gets thumbs up even as RBI rates are set to fall. Fall of another behemoth SBI could be the Air India of banking. Make in India currency soon to check fake notes Aurangabad on global suppliers radar for local plant. Centre warns taxi drivers If you pick up drunk passengers well catch you. Costlier Veggies Push Up Wholesale Inflation To 1.88 in July. India to import 25 tonnes of duty free gold from South Korea Industry officials. Centre warns taxi drivers If you pick up drunk passengers well catch you. Our problems are solvable now What is lacking is the will the focus and clear plans. Across the Aisle India at 70 The Economy. PM Modi is riding high. But why isnt he doing more. Tamil Nadu government colleges to get exemption from NEET for a year. Indias realty milestones. Indias jobless growth in services. The services sector in India remains the most dynamic one and growth is very high but that growth is not matched by commensurate growth in employment. 18 GST on food takeaway from nonAC area at AC restaurant. Indias July retail inflation seen picking up for first time in four months. With all the not so useful soundbytes and politics now focus on how to improve Healthcare in India: Im not great Healthcare expert but i do know Govt. Healthcare system is rotten and needs drastic improvement. Govt cant do it alone majority share will be Private hospitals Rural heath workers NGOs and Pharma Medical device companies. How to improve Healthcare in India starting with prevention daily Diet disease control etc. Please contribute... The inside story of why BJPs biggest policy champion may have jumped Modis ship. Indias Health Infrastructure Index by state. ongoing real estate projects Gurugram homebuyers to move consumer court against Haryana RERA. Two Nations at 70. GST Freelancers exporting software to take a hit. China and India rivalry smoulders in Bhutan. Profits over lives Why RCEP is a bad trade deal for India. [Serious]. Is India manufacturing solar panels What is your opinion about gigantic quantities of solar panels being imported from China: We are in a solar race. Govt is going allin on solar energy and we are seeing massive mega projects involving solar power plants. That is all good just one thing I am concerned about Are we MAKING these solar panels in India We are on a race to make as many solar plants as possible and when I checked several solar plants I came to know that all of them were panels imported from China Last year India build the worlds largest solar power planet at Kamuthi TN [source]https//qz.com/854483/worldslargestsolarplantkamuthiindia/ at a cost of 4550 crore. But all of those panels were imported from China. And most of this money go into purchasing panels. So basically what we did was import 25 lakh solar modules and install it here That is 6000 containers of solar panels in one project alone Since such humongous quantity is involved wouldnt it be better to manufacture it in India Think how many panels will be required all around India The reason why these companies choose Chineese manufacturers is because it currently costs Rs36 per watt for an Indian manufacturer while it costs Rs30per watt when imported from China according to a source. I think India can manufacture it at lesser cost if a company is given gigantic order quantity. A solar cell manufacturing company based out of Delhi that has its factory in Andhra Pradesh has stopped making cells altogether. We have the same technology. In fact our products are of superior quality but the government has put no checks on imports. I read with great interest Delhis draft solar policy of installing 2 GW by 2025 but will it all be with imported panels We have represented government our concerns said Arun Mishra member of the Solar Energy Society of India and vice president of a solar manufacturing units. It is like we are paying our electricity bill to China wirelessly. How the longsuffering middle class has kept India running and why they urgently need a bailout. TRAI plans to decrease interconnect charges voice calls to get cheaper. Does India need bullet trains. Harvesting The Sun Indias Push For Renewable Energy. Indias gold imports to rebound in 2017 on restocking good monsoon. India can occupy sectors China is exiting. Independent India A real estate perspective. Time to ruffle many feathers at the same time Aftermaths of DeMo: http//m.economictimes.com/markets/stocks/news/bollywoodbuildersbrokersmoreshellshocksinstore/articleshow/60044379.cms A large number of companies having acted as shell firms are linked to businesses like real estate commodities and stock broking films and television including those on digital platforms plantation and nonbanking financial services the officials said. SC Directs Delhi Govt. To Register Domestic Workers Under The Unorganised Workers Social Security Act. We should move rural population 50 of India to Industries. Build new cities ask fortune top 2000 companies to Manufacture in India build 5 best ports for exports: 50 of Indians are in Agriculture of them 80 own land less than 23 acres. These people are just living every year for survival they need to move to new cities that we should build. It cant go on like this.. Productivity increase is the no.1 predictor of Economic growth. Indians are among worlds worst in terms of Productivity. Moving these people to Factories where both foreign and Indian should Invest. Invite top 2000 manufacturers to set up shop in India. Build 5 ports for quick exports like Shenzhen Singapore etc. Also a Brand new vast startup area should be built in middle of India in Madhya Pradesh with administration of its own for High Tech ecosystem like Silicon Valley where Trillions worth of companies can be created.. No Improvement In Drinking Water For Elementary Schools Over 6 Years. Across the Aisle India at 70 The Economy. 30 children dead..we will give birth to 75000 Babies today 28 Million Babies yearly regardless: [removed]. Telecasting movies legally for movie club in my college: We have a movie club in our college where we play movies weekly and I am the movie incharge. Instead of playing pirated movies I rent original DVDs to play the movies which makes it more official. Alternatively I can stream movies from Netflix these days. My question is that since we are doing this as a notformoney thing this is legal right Or is there still going to be any issue here The policy on a DVD usually says only for personal viewing and doesnt allow playing in residential societies etc. as well. Do I need to disguise it as I am watching movies on this big screen and any of my friend who wants to come is also welcome thing to make it be considered as a personal viewing If this is not legal does it mean we cant have a thing such as a Movie Club at all. 30 children dead.. regardless we are going to give birth 75000 Babies today and 28 Million babies yearly: [deleted]. India Needs Jobs Universal Healthcare Reforms Across All Sectors Economic Survey To Parliament. Gorakhpur tragedy Child after child collapsed as doctors tried to get oxygen supply back on indianews Hindustan Times: [deleted].  Travellers in India at data theft r.... Short on detail. GST becomes a confusing affair for exporters [July 13 2017]. GST impact 12 rate takes a toll on seafood exporters margins. The exporters are yet to come out with the exact loss figures after the rollout of the GST. Indias GST regime triggers chaos among trading partners in South Asia. GST GST may blunt Indian coconuts competitive edge in global markets. GST rates GST has hit carpet exports livelihoods of 20 lakh workers CEPC. GST impact A month on exporters flood GST cell with refund queries. Burdening Indian exporters Current GST provisions ratchet up costs and deter small firms from exporting. India must be ready for the long haul at Doklam Experts. Farm loan waivers to shave off GDP by 0.7 Economic Survey Vol2. https//qz.com/280082/thetruecostofbangalorestrafficgridlocktoindiasitindustryisstaggering/[Oct 2014]. Aruna Roy on Indias agrarian crisis Policy without dialogue is killing our farmers. MumbaiAhmedabad bullet train project yet to clear land hurdle. Hi. Im a colorblind chemical engineer and Indian govt and psu completely reject colorblind applicants even if not all the work requires color distinction. Also its 2017 there are glasses now that help colorblind distinct colors. Where should I raise the issue for a change Help me /r/India.: Help me make this change. Colorblind chemical engineers have no use of their degree in India mainly because the govt directly rejects colorblind chemical engineers right away. I can understand this for technical jobs but this isnt the only job of a chemical engineers. We can design work with softwares examine and analyse field site. In fact the only one who needs to not be colorblinds are the chemical engineers working with colors and reaction processes. And even if everything else is not seemingly argumentative enough its still the year 2017 now. Were a modern and futuristic society. There are glasses now http//enchroma.com/ which can help colorblinds distinct their perception of colours. The govt can test these under different circumstances and do a check on them. You cannot expect a good hardworking and able chemical engineer deny his craft just because hes a colorblind and the issue can be solved. I dont know where to raise the issue for it to be heard. Please help me. P.s. Im sorry if my flair is incorrect. What if you hit someone by your car: I was wondering since it is very probable that some time due to your own or because of someone elses mistake you may hit and injure somebody with your car. Considering that you dont run away after hitting and it being possible that it wasnt your mistake at all what are the charges one can face in india You can also extend your answer to killing someone by mistake with your car.. Digital revolution in the Indian banking sector. Indias forex reserves at new lifetime high of USD 393.448 billion. Economic Survey India one of the most open economies globally for FDI. India Behaving Like Mature Power In Doklam Standoff US Expert. The real military truth On Doklam stop saying the Chickens Neck area is vulnerable it isnt. RBI survey signals deteriorating job market. Indian Railways to Flag Off Three New Trains Today. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana facts you should know. Maharashtra shops to stay open 24/7 as Assembly clears Bill to benefit 38 lakh establishments. Modi Government Disturbing trend Why is Indias unemployed youth not looking for jobs. IIP falls by 0.1 in June 2017. Manufacturing sector sees broadbased fall in output. State capitals in India should be moved to smaller cities and away from big metros.: This could ensure all round development and not just development of metros where the law makers and politicians reside.. India making a strong statement in medical tourism Teaotia. Indian visitors in US spent a record 13.6 bn in 2016. SPECIAL REPORT The Future of Cannabis in India: [deleted]. Industrial output enters negative zone contracts 0.1 in June. Achieving 7.5 GDP Growth Difficult This Year Says Government. Around 81 lakh Aadhaar deactivated till date Govt. Around 81 lakh Aadhaar deactivated till date Govt.. A strange hybrid. How to change your registered mobile number in Aadhar card online aadhaarcard googlevirals. How safe is your GST Network data. Indian Cities to See Fastest Growth in Asia Over Five Years 6 of the top 7 predicted to be Indian cities. A brief history of money identity and Aadhaar. Genuine case for Indias ratings upgrade Report. RBIs dividend to Government falls by almost half to Rs 30659 crore. SC says marital rape cant be considered criminal Tradition doesnt justify assault child marriage. The June 2017 Consumer Confidence Survey conducted by RBI says that the Current Situation Index dipped into the pessimistic zone due to deterioration in sentiment across all the parameters: Consumer Confidence Survey The June 2017 round of the Consumer Confidence Survey CCS conducted by the Reserve Bank in six metropolitan cities Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Kolkata Mumbai and New Delhi obtained 5259 responses on households perceptions and expectations on the general economic situation the employment scenario the overall price situation and their own income and spending. Highlights I. The Current Situation Index CSI dipped into the pessimistic zone due to deterioration in sentiment across all the parameters. II. The Future Expectations Index FEI also dipped to 120.8 from 123.4 in the May 2017 round with the outlook on all parameters barring the price level worsening. III. Households current perceptions on the general economic situation deteriorated in the June 2017 round it has remained in the pessimistic zone for the last three rounds with outlook for a year ahead worsening in the recent period. IV. Perception on income levels of the respondents appears to have remained the same over the past year but the views exhibit wide divergence the outlook on income though optimistic has fallen from the May 2017 round. V. Respondents perceptions as well as outlook on overall spending remained highly optimistic with a marginal dip in the net response from the May 2017 round. VI. The outlook on discretionary spending has also improved in the recent period. VII. Households perceptions on employment have turned pessimistic in the last four rounds though majority of respondents expect it to improve going forward. VIII. Respondents sentiments on the price level have turned more pessimistic in the recent period and softening of the outlook on inflation in the second half of 2016 has been reversed. The survey results are based on the views of the respondents only. CSI and FEI are compiled on the basis of net responses on the economic situation income spending employment and the price level for the current period and a year ahead respectively. CSI/FEI 100 Average of Net Responses of the above parameters. Link https//rbi.org.in/Scripts/QuarterlyPublications.aspxheadConsumer20Confidence20Survey. Finance ministry flags risks to growth inflation to undershoot. Achieving highend of 6.757.5 growth difficult Economic Survey. Taking stock 25 years of economic reforms. Consumer interest behind data paper move RS Sharma. Big trouble likely for Apple in India over serious charges of data appropriation. Now Aadhaar may be made mandatory for buying shares mutual funds. Ivanka Trump to visit India with US delegation for Global Entrepreneurship Summit this November: [deleted]. Security will be big concern in Aadhaar system Nandan Nilekani. No malicious intent more a misadventure Investigators on IIT grad held in Aadhaar case.. Delhi Indias largest Asias fastest growing city. Private hospital nurses ask for better pay work conditions. Falling capacity utilization forces Indias coal fuelled projects to rethink strategy. India Must Redefine Work to Survive the Demographic Dividend. Kochi tops prosperity index Good literacy rate and lowest slum population termed citys specialities. Lets not suspend disbelief. All households to be electrified before 2022 says Piyush Goyal.. How to build agriculture infrastructure and make doubledigit economic growth the new normal.. Aadhaar linkage Three states strike out 272000 fake students.. Kolkata Is Host To Bulk Of Shell Companies Named By Sebi And No One Is Surprised.. Commerce Ministry To Shut Down Governments 100YearOld Procurement Arm This Fiscal. Three States Strike Out 272000 Fake Students After Aadhaar Authentication. Falling capacity utilization forces Indias coal fuelled projects to rethink strategy: [deleted]. No decision on corporatisation of DD All India Radio Government. RBI dividend to govt halves to Rs 30659 crore. Kochi tops prosperity index Good literacy rate and lowest slum population termed citys specialities: [deleted]. The Big Picture Eradication of poverty What steps need to be taken to achieve this goal. What do AYUSH Cowurine research Swacch Bharat Mallya Demonetization Statues and Minority appeasement have in common Yoga. Is the tax on this bill legit. MyGov Innovation Swachhathon 1.0. The Big Picture Eradication of poverty What steps need to be taken to achieve this goal: [deleted]. IT companies in Bengaluru asked to replace programming languages with Kannada or face action. Parliament passes bill on action against loan defaulters. Nitish launches mobile therapy van for elderly people. GST set to bring Indias taxGDP ratio close to 12 sharp jump in welfare spending in next 2 years. The Big Picture Eradication of poverty What steps need to be taken to achieve this goal: [deleted]. TRAI floats consultation paper to usher in a new data protection regime to protect the privacy of users. What Al Gores Truth To Power Misses Indias Renewable Energy Boom. Indias young and able are not even trying to look for jobs. India set to unveil new biofuel policy in bid to cut oil gas coal imports Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan. Peoples money that has been wiped off from the stock market is huge. Anyone here who lost in the markets. Peoples money that has been wiped off from the stock market is huge. Anyone here who lost in the markets: [removed]. Aadhaar Card Who are eligible to apply for Aadhaar Find out. TRAI working on new law to strengthen security for mobile phone users data security. SEBI to link Aadhaar to financial market transactions. TRAI starts consultation on data security ownership and privacy. Fraudsters cash in on digitisation push spike in number of calls to extract bank details. India and Pakistan Forever rivals. Indians deserve their right to privacy. India has lost Rs 56700 crore clean energy fund to the implementation of Goods and Service Tax. stock market Aadhaar may become the gatekeeper to Dalal Street soon. Swachh Bharat Mission Toilet Coverage In Rural India Crosses 62 Per Cent 91 Per Cent Use It. why do need more people: [removed]. 1.34 billion people and sickening large scale problems..why do we need more people: [removed]. 37 lakh students without Aadhaar may miss meals. Did Modi Mislead Parliament on the Number of Fake Ration Cards that Aadhaar Had Exposed. Aadhaar barring poor from state benefits Activists. Privacy and the nothing to hide argument. By Ending Zombie Energy India Could Cut Premature Deaths From Air Pollution by 65. Second National Deworming Day to cover 11 cr children. Wind projects in peril as Andhra Pradesh Karnataka rethink purchases. Direct Tax collectionnet of refundsstands at 1.90lakh crore which is 19.1 higher than net collections for corresponding period last year. Indias booming massage parlours drive demand for Thai sex slaves. GSTR 3B GST Return Filing For July And August 2017. Four Indian Cities In Top 5 Fastest Growing As Chinese Rivals Slow. India is a very promising very interesting future market Peter Gerber Lufthansa Cargo. Get ready for first filing deadline GST chief Navin Kumar says. Govt admits that Indias IT sector is now creating less and less new jobs. India received the most loans from World Bank in the past 70 years. NGT directed Delhi Traffic Police to remove double lane parking from market places in Delhi. paisaless.in shuts down.: This was my go to site to set alerts for the price drop. According to their email Amazon claimed they violated their rules against showing product and price information that was more than 24 hours old. . India to overtake China become worlds most populous country in seven years says UN report [22 June 2017]. Sebi diktat on shell companies Biggies Parsvnath Developers J Kumar Infra among 331 suspects. Aadhaar security is a big concern admits Nandan Nilekani. Petition Please ease the process of getting FIRC/eFIRC for small online freelancers and bloggers. Axis Bank Cuts Interest Rate On Savings Account Deposits. Biz can file returns pay taxes for July on GSTN portal. Ensure safety of customers lockers RBI to banks. New industrial index could offer distorted view of Indias factory output at times says study. India Close to Finishing Work on Cryptocurrency Rule Proposals. UP govt wont charge GST on tickets of films shot 50 in state. Private schools in Delhi to display seat info vacancies on notice boards. [GST]Indian online freelancers and bloggers please sign this petition to convey our issues with GST export compliance to the FM: Here is a petition I have started for this purpose [Please relax GST Export Compliance for small freelancers and bloggers]https//www.change.org/p/shriarunjaitleyfinanceministerofindiapleaserelaxgstexportnormsforsmallfreelancersandbloggers Please extend your support by signing this petition every voice counts.. Make in India aimed at making India global manufacturing hub. Aadhaar Ushering in a Commercialized Era of Surveillance in India [June 2017]. India eyeing 40 lakh cruise tourists in 5 years Gadkari. Army To Get Over 1 Lakh Lightweight Helmets Government. In Historic Step Odisha To Give Property Rights To Slum Dwellers. [GST] Indian Online Freelancers and Bloggers please sign this petition to communicate our problems with services export compliance to the Finance Minister: [deleted]. MM is value investing Rural recovery new products to drive longterm story: [deleted]. Prannoy Roy Rakesh Mohan On 25 Years Of Economic Liberalisation. Judicial reform Centre Supreme Court mulling courts of appeal to ease higher courts load. Child Marriage Family Planning Population and Development: [deleted]. 76 UP districts fall flat in population control programmes. What is npa for banking information in hindi. Raging rupee resisting arguments for making the rupee cheaper. Indias Barefoot Lawyers. Indias complicated infrastructure story. sebi Sebi ban on 331 shell cos to improve investor confidence JN Gupta. How will farm loan waivers impact the Indian economy. Over 37 per cent of schools in India have no electricity. Two types of Rs 500 notes Congress calls it biggest scam of the century disrupts Rajya Sabha. Rupee rise to bring to fore hedging strategies of Indian companies. Kerala to regulate private medical colleges introduces bill in Assembly. 20000 Aadhaar numbers leaked on Punjab govt website another breach of privacy. As per report Potential of farm exports not completely tapped. Why Arent Real Estate Prices Falling. GovtRun Banks Wrote Off A Record Rs 81000 Crore Of Bad Loans In 20162017. 20000 Aadhaar numbers leaked on Punjab govt website: [deleted]. Reasons Economic growth may soon fall to 5: Some of the Reasons Economic growth may sharply fall Manufacturing PMI Growth is down no Job Growth layoffs Increased automation and international protectionism Pharma US FDA and Europe Agencies inspections no new licenses for generics old licenses are tightening. Indian IT hiring abroad than India H1B tightening NonPerforming Loans low Credit growth. . Indian freelancers and bloggers please sign this petition to communicate our pains about the rigorous GST export compliance to Finance Minister. July sovereign gold bonds to start trading from Tuesday. 25 GST cess on large cars SUVs Auto cos Make in India plans to be hit. Sebi asks NSE BSE to act against 331 suspected shell companies. Sebi may extend trading hours for derivatives market. Fourth industrial revolution to make India a natural resource champion sustainably. Digital India Soon India will be the digital factory of the world says Mphasis CEO Nitin Rakesh. GST casts gloom on General Bazar. All is not spic and span at the famed marketplace as vendors are closing their shops due to the adverse impact of Goods and Services Act. Exporters facing difficulties in GST transition period EEPC. Exports of engineering goods constitute the biggest share in Indias overall export basket and are therefore vital for job creation particularly in the small and medium enterprises segment.. Situation grim for Bengal taant sari weavers after GST. Health ministry warns on rushed implementation of generics plan. Frequent changes in tax rates hit planning Auto industry Times of India. Kochi most prosperous among Indias first 20 Smart Cities ADB study. The ghostly organisation that should have transformed Indias food warehouses. TwoWheeler Headlights To Be Permanently On From April As New Safety Rules Come Into Play. Farm distress on the horizon. Haryana considering formation of Cow Protection Task Force [July 16]. In its current form Aadhaar is very coercive and invasive Jean Dreze. Aadhaar rebels find ways to give PAN linkage a miss. Governments new Plan to End the DoctorPharma Company Nexus is Juvenile It is bound to Fail. Its time to enact an antilynching law. Bihar is a State in Eastern Part of India Religion in Bihar. India energy ministry plans 7.5 GW support program for domestic solar manufacturing. GST Digitization Are Key Drivers For The 260 Billion Indian Logistics Sector Tax. Child marriages in India show a declining trend. Andhra Pradesh is Indias Fifth Largest State by Population Alloverindia.in. Arunachal Pradesh Is Land of Rising Sun Tourist Destinations. Maharashtra Education Board Removes All Traces of Mughals From History Textbooks.. Assam Is A State of India Which is Situated in NorthEastern Area. The ghostly organisation that should have transformed Indias food warehouses: [deleted]. In India 1000s of Malnutrition children died today also today 1000s of Malnutrition Children are born: [deleted]. [GST] Indian online freelancers earning below 20 lacs pa no need to register if definition of interstate doesnt apply to you: From a recent [post]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/6ragrk/indianfreelancersbloggersetcdontneedtoapply/ I made on this topic a freelancer earning below 20 lacs pa may not need to register as provision is there in the law GST will only apply when turnover of the business exceeds Rs 20lakhs Limit is Rs 10lakhs for the North Eastern States However many people point out the interstate clause and are quick to pronounce that registration is mandatory. However before hastily going to register for a GSTIN lets try to understand what is a place of supply of a service and what it is for an online freelancer or an online blogger. According to [ClearTax.in]https//cleartax.in/s/placesupplyservices the general rule for determining the place of supply of service for an unregistered person that is what our online client is 1. Location of the recipient if address available on record. 2. Location of supplier of services us in other cases. Since the address of our online client isnt available on record the place of supply is the same where you are located which means no interstate. And since this is no interstate trade GST registration doesnt apply to you. So basically all you have to do in order to work for a foreign client online is to ask them not to provide their address on record. They should happily oblige Proof of Law What ClearTax.in says is inline with the model GST Law. [AnnexureD]http//icmai.in/icmai/Taxation/upload/GST/AnnexureD.pdf defines the place of supply of services for various types of services such as banking insurance transportation etc. Supply of software services fall in the Services not covered above. So the location of service is When provided to other than registered person location of the service receiver available on the records of the service provider or location of the service provider. . Reskill Yourself Hiring Specialists Message To MidLevel Indian Techies. Maharashtra reports 855 farmer suicides in AprJan this year Govt informs Parliament. In India 1000s of Malnutrition children died today also today 1000s of Malnutrition Children are born: [deleted]. In India 1000s of Malnutrition children died today also today 1000s of Malnutrition Children are born: [deleted]. SEBI goes allout to up cyber security plans to hire advisor. Aadhaar in the afterlife Govt clarifies Aadhaar isnt mandatory for death certificates: [deleted]. There Could Be 300000 Jobs For Indians In Solar Wind Projects By 2022: [deleted]. In India today 1000s of Malnutrition children died also today 1000s of Malnutrition Children are born: [deleted]. Telematics can cut insurance cost for good drivers says Irda. NGT asks oil companies about 10yearold diesel trucks. Flexi fare scheme Railways earns additional revenue of Rs 540 cr no plans to discontinue it. Kerala bats for right to privacy. [Rant] I find it hypocritical that at various occasions we chest thump about being the Worlds Largest Democracy but dont have any Data protections laws or an Independent office dealing with Privacy matters.: [deleted]. How Safe Is Your Biometric Data The Potential Pitfalls of Aadhaar [March 17]. Fingerprints can be hacked Aadhaar data prone to theft HasGeek cofounder. Cofounder of Internet Freedom Foundation Kiran Jonalagadda says that fingerprints are hackable with current technologies which could make Aadhaar database insecure: [deleted]. Aadhaar and data security Irrespective of what one feels about Aadhaar a comprehensive new privacy law is needed MP Baijayant Jay Panda [May 17]: [deleted]. Own a car fridge or AC You will get no welfare scheme benefits. GST Council decides to increase cess on SUVs luxury cars: [deleted]. How battleready is India for a war against China or Pakistan The report that the countrys CAG has submitted to the Parliament about the Indian army has some significantly disturbing findings. Despite all its bravery our army is battling with a drastic shortfall of necessary ammunition.: [deleted]. How Rajasthans mine workers keep languishing without any identity: [deleted]. [GST] Indian small freelancers who are out of business due to GST export norms what options are you seeking: As a small freelancer who earns less than 20 lacs per annum Ive stopped all billing and remittances since 1st July. I refuse to accept the draconian GST laws that require me to fill 37 returns an year and undergo a bureaucratic process for exports 1. Submit a Letter of Undertaking LuT which unfortunately isnt available for small exporters OR 2. Submit a Bank Guarantee and Notarized Bond a process requiring you to chase government departments OR 3. Pay IGST in advance and get refund later this ties up your working capital and not feasible for small freelancer after paying upwork commission conversion fees and incometax there is hardly anything left. I dont accept this hence Ive just stopped my exports. What Im doing instead is concentrate on the local Indian market Since selling locally is not an interstate trade Im trying to find and work with local clients in Pune who might have IT needs until this mess gets resolved. For other freelancers in the same boat as mine I have these two suggestions 1. Try to raise this issue in social media ask them to make exception for the small exporter for this rigorous export compliance. Every voice counts and yours is truly needed. 2. Take a break and do something else until that happens. Go for a vacation or explore new areas. This is necessary because if we all stop working then exports income will decline considerably and that might pressurize them into relaxing these rigorous norms.. Indias Power Paradox Improvements in efficiency and infrastructure are bringing electricity to the masses. Thats not so great for energy companies.: [deleted]. Kaushik Basu slams Indias demonetisation programme but lauds GST: [deleted]. Nine HCs Oppose All India Service For Lower Judiciary: [deleted]. Is profiling in Indias DNA: [deleted]. Lets talk about a supplemental incomeUBI. Black money Switzerland finds Indias data security laws adequate for autosharing banking info: [deleted]. Indias LNG shipbuilding plans run aground: [deleted]. Own fridge AC or car No welfare schemes for you: [deleted]. Sebi asks listed companies to inform bourses on loan default. Youll need an Aadhaar for that too. West Bengal Businessman commits suicide blames GST. 11 Lakh PANs Deactivated By Government. Is Your PAN Active How To Find Out. Govt monitoring prices post GST no supply disruptions yet. Swiss happy with Indias data security. Flexi fare Railways earns additional Rs 540 crore in less than a year. Union Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia says There is hardly any exporter whose turnover would be less than Rs 20 lakh per annum: In an interview about how the rolling out of GST regime is going on the interviewer asked one question about the [problems faced by small exporters such as freelancers]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/opinion/interviews/someelementsarespreadingwronggstmessagesphotosonsocialmediahasmukhadhia/articleshow/59933228.cms after GST Q Small exporters mainly those with an annual turnover of less than Rs 20 lakh will go out of business if they are not registered under GST they are otherwise exempt. Any thoughts for them A There is hardly any exporter whose turnover would be less than Rs 20 lakh per annum. However even if there is it is easy to register and export. The entire procedure for registration and filing of return is easy and online.. Indias bauxite production to hit 49 MT by 2021 BMI Research. Dialysis pacemaker implantation support devices in orthopaedics and cancer treatment to cost more under GST.: [deleted]. This is a general crackdown on anybody critical of govt. says Amnesty International head. How Rajasthans mine workers keep languishing without any identity.: [deleted]. Indias forex reserves surge to record 392.86 billion. A brief history of money identity and Aadhaar. Is the current debate in India around privacy misplaced All evidence suggests it is about the evolution of money and the need for a uniform identity.. Indias power paradox. The GST number actually contains the whole PAN number of the holder so quoting that on your invoices doesnt create any privacy issues: Ive heard somewhere that people CAN misuse your PAN No. if they got hold of it. For example they may deposit money in bank account by quoting your PAN and thus make you liable for tax. Another loophole I can see in the GST regime is people can frame anyone by quoting their GSTIN on bogus bills. For example if X made a purchase of 1 lac from an unregistered supplier but recorded in his books as a purchase made from Y by quoting Ys GSTIN number the tax authorities who audit Xs accounts will think that Y made an income of 1 lacs and go after Y isnt it Are there any checks and balances in the system to prevent such a thing. 27 jump in monsoon holiday bookings in India survey. I see an increase in number of false news spreading blogs/websites/ news sites with BJP bias like opindia.com. What can we do : [removed]. TIL Indias exports are smaller than exports of countries such as Netherlands Canada Singapore Taiwan Hong Kong Switzerland etc.. GST Freelancers for who work for foreign clients are going to be pretty much screwed by paperwork: https//twitter.com/askGSTGoI/status/892779760694251521 Q If i export service do i need to pay IGST 18 of my invoice and then claim refund Earlier it was zero rated service. A Export is still zero rated. U can either export on payment of IGST or under bond / LUT. After submission of proof of exportcan claim refund So a freelancer now has to file 40 GST returns per year in spite of the fact that the tax rate on this work is 0. And this is not the only thing They have to pay 18 GST and claim a refund on it everytime by uploading the FIRC. If they want to avoid the above they can Get a bank guarantee submit it to the jurisdictional officer renew it every year. I am sure the Russians and others who are competing with our guys must be rejoicing. I know a few people who are planning to quit export freelancing and take up a local job. I am talking only about software related freelancers but this applies to other small exporters also. And this is irrespective of how much turnover you have. There is no less than 20 lakh exemption. And of course freelancers who supply Indian clients need to both pay 18 also file 40 returns. No refunds for them. Which wise mind thought of this. The renewable energy revolution in India. GDP growth in June quarter to be around 6.6 in India Nomura. Maharashtra leads skill development in India 45 million workers to be trained by 2022 Experts. Trumpbacked skilllinked immigration Bill may favour Indian applicants: [deleted]. Dream home for AAM Aadmi to power PM Modis Mission 2019 heres how. Differential tax levy under GST Food firms may deregister trademarks. Bibek Debroy India long way off from ideal GST may not get there. Vasundhara Rajes Roof Has Solar Panels So Does 468 Rajasthan Families. India hopeful of making Chabahar port operational by 2018. Narendra Modi PM Modis masterstrokes leave scant room for Jaitleys budget sops: [deleted]. 98.8 per cent Bihar villages electrified. India will gain 100 literacy in next 5 years Javadekar. Perils of a onesizefitsall nationalism After 70 years of officially promoting diversity an attempt to manufacture a narrow brand of nationalism will end up breaking India: [deleted]. Economics 101 For Swamy Why Is He Feeding On Failed Keynesian Ideas. After Air India BSNL Should Be Next In Line For Privatisation.. Kerala HC allows ITR filing without PANAadhaar linking. WTF GobarMint GaandSoonkTharki: [deleted]. Maharashtra CM Says Mumbai Free Of Open Defecation. Thats Not What We Found FactChecker. Data claim economic growth in India but where are the jobs Data available now indicate economic growth in India but no employment growth. How is this possible. Indias performance in solar power not so encouraging says parliamentary panel: [deleted]. Dell CIO warns IT employees No organisation can reskill you do it yourself or be ready to leave. Centre wants to link Aadhaar with driving licence. Registration of vehicles and owners name will also be linked to Aadhaar to prevent instances of car thefts. Im an Indian in the process of gaining Canadian citizenship. Since I wont be an Indian after a month can I request to delete my AADHAAR data: AADHAAR is for Indian residents/citizen. In a months time I will be a Canadian. So cant they just delete the biometrics If I went to court is there a winning chance. Aadhar number not mandatory for registering deaths clarifies government. Supreme Court hearing on privacy is going on but ideacellular is making automated calls to subscribers and lying that Aadhaar is mandatory submit it now.. As India debates privacy as a right a look at how the world views it. Dr Oetker India has hit the No 1 spot in growth globally Oliver Mirza. Indias foreign exchange reserves rise to 392.868 billion. Bengaluru to have Indias first helitaxi service. NITI Aayogs Draft Energy Policy Fuels Doubts About Indias Commitment to Renewables. Dont stop driverless cars. GSTN portal Nearly 40 per cent taxpayers not yet enrolled. Brick by brick satellite images could identify slave labour in India. GST drags services PMI to 4yr low contraction in new work orders. Indias Economy Crashes After MindBogglingly Inane Tax System Strikes Back Zero Hedge. tickets Railways earned Rs 1400 crore from canceled tickets in 201617. Over 37 per cent of schools in India have no electricity: [deleted]. Over 37 percent schools in India didnt have electricity till March 2017 HRD ministry informs RS: [deleted]. India long way off from ideal GST may not get there Bibek Debroy. Indias Government Wants to Ban SelfDriving Cars to Save Jobs. Aadhaar Must For Death Certificate From October 1 To Prevent Identity Fraud. Threepronged strategy cleared for Air India disinvestment. Total wealth of these 20 men equals 10 of Indias 2 trillion GDP. PTINews Aadhaar number is made mandatory for registration of death with effect from October 1 2017 HomeMinistry. Bihar government decides compulsory retirement for nonperforming teachers officials above 50. Race to revamp India submarine force amid rising China threat: [deleted]. Govt quietly goes about with reforms for private schools varsities. After IIMs govt mulls more autonomy for private Bschools. Central law soon to deal with chit funds Arun Jaitley. Modi effect Khadi a hit among fashionistas may soon have stores in Paris Dubai: [deleted]. Lessons from Saradha Rose Valley New law to regulate chit funds soon. ExclusiveRight To Privacy Read The Complete Written Submissions Of Lawyers In The Landmark Hearing Live Law. Is Abenomics too late to the Modinomics party Livemint. Spain may solve Indias organ deficit. GST impact Services activity contracts to 4year low in July says report Times of India. India Japan Join Hands For Big Infrastructure Push In Northeast: [deleted]. The Uttar Pradesh Congress has started the state bank of tomato with facilities like easy loans for buying tomatoes attractive interest rates on its deposit and locker facility as a novel way to protest the soaring price of the vegetable.: [deleted]. Not a single Indian educational institution in global top 20 rankings HRD. India struggles to rebalance waterenergy nexus. Foodgrain Output Up 5Fold In 60 Years Hides Indias Farm Distress. Governments claim that only wrongdoers need privacy shocks the court. A judgment for the ages. Why Air India going vegetarianonly is a sham Data contradict every logic given by the airline. Nitish Kumar wants forceful retirement of nonperforming teachers. RPTIndia raises 63 mln from Hindustan Copper share sale. India may have a new coastal security force home ministry says. Foodgrain Output Up 5Fold In 60 Years Hides Indias Farm Distress: [deleted]. India struggles to rebalance waterenergy nexus: [deleted]. GST to severely dent liquidity of exporters. GST will severely dent the liquidity of the exporter in a big way and the compliance cost of the merchant exporter may go up. Export competitiveness of India may tank by about 2 per cent and this will be a big blow to exporters said FIEO Director General. GST Why furnishing of bonds can prove to be an export restriction. Thousands Line Up To Work For Amazon I Just Need A Job: [deleted]. there would be no taxes on sanitary pads if men used them says Richa Chadda. IGIMS Patna removes virgin word from marital status declaration form: [deleted]. RBI Governor Urjit Patel favours singlewindow clearance for affordable houses. After diesel and LPG government to now end subsidy on kerosene. This is how IT department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders. Lump of labor fallacy. Services PMI contracts to 45.9 in July its lowest level since Sept 2013. RBI Governor Urjit Patel favours singlewindow clearance for affordable houses: [deleted]. After diesel and LPG government to now end subsidy on kerosene: [deleted]. This is how IT department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders: [deleted]. Rakshabandhan Special Create a Timeless Bond by spreading love. Also avail 10 cashback on payments through PhonePe. RBI Governor Urjit Patel favours singlewindow clearance for affordable houses: [deleted]. After diesel and LPG government to now end subsidy on kerosene: [deleted]. This is how IT department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders: [deleted]. This is how IT department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders: [deleted]. Should a Judge With a Serious Moral Flaw Become the Chief Justice of India. Indias complicated infrastructure story: [deleted]. Indias food regulator plans leftover banks to feed the hungry. FSSAI is looking at creating a mechanism through which food can be collected from restaurants weddings largescale parties.. Boost to Paris pact India sees dip in coal use rate. The sordid tale of teacher education in India. India Japan join hands for big infrastructure push in Northeast. Supreme Court imposes 100 penalty on illegal mining in Odisha. GST 31 CFOs feel GST has hit manufacturing most Deloitte survey. IITD gets 50 study proposals on benefits of cow urine milk under SVAROP scheme. After diesel and LPG government to now end subsidy on kerosene. Govt proposes abolishing clinical trials on proven drugs. Online tatkal railway tickets Now you can pay on delivery. Arvind Panagariyas exit throws up a puzzle Where is India headed more reforms or protectionism. General direction of Modis reforms has been positive Randall Kroszner University of Chicago: [deleted]. Right To Privacy [Final Day] Senior Advocate Rakesh Dwivedi Claims Even SC Insists For Aadhaar From PIL Litigants SC Refutes [Read WSs Of Dwivedi SurendranathGopal] Live Law. After diesel and LPG government to now end subsidy on kerosene: [deleted]. Its the golden age for Indian CAs: [deleted]. This is how IT department is using data analytics to catch tax evaders: [deleted]. IndiaJapan Ties The China Factor and Beyond. Andhra Pradesh ePragati Government services to go online from October. Indian rupee strengthens to twoyear high. Made in India good made in China not Majority find Indian products better than Chinese. By 2020 96 of mobile phones sold in India will be Made in India. Modi Govt in talks with smartphone makers to be part of Aadhaar ecosystem. RBI monetary policy A reluctant Urjit Patel gifts a token 25 bps rate cut ball in govts court now. Railways dispatches special trains for floodhit areas. In new initiative by Railways passengers can book tatkal tickets now and pay later: [deleted]. Indias complicated infrastructure story. RBI unsatisfied with MCLR asks banks to lower rates further. Indias central bank cuts key lending rate to 6 percent. Ambiguities of Aadhaar xpost /r/antiaadhar. Pull the plug on highspeed vehicles Madras HC. No more freebies Modi government plans crackdown on marketing by drugmakers. DAY 6 Right to Privacy Hearing in Supreme Court a Gist Taken from FB: Supreme Court nine judge bench hearing Right to Privacy Day 6 Today was the last day of hearings by the bench and both halves had been allotted equally. As it turned out the government took much longer to complete its arguments leaving the petitioners lesser time in the end. The hardline taken by the Union of India all these days continued. ASG Dwivedi wanted privacy to be located in one constitutional Article not all over the place reiterating that privacy as a mercurial abstract concept which cannot be located in Part III which deals with all FRs as had been suggested earlier by the CJI. Curiously Justice Chandrachud said that India is an economic powerhouse because of 1.3 billion people and their knowledge economy and privacy must not stifle that economy. Curious because it seemed like the same line taken by pro Aadhaar business houses. However that was about the only time today that the anti Aadhaar camp had some jitters. The government pointed out that Privacy ought to be reasonable and if there is no injury damage caused then there is no question of privacy. His anti Privacy rant continued and annoyed the bench quite often. Justice Nariman firmly told him that that just because currently privacy is nonexistent it is no ground to say it should not exist. The government said that large aspects of privacy are already covered in existing ordinary laws and we dont need a separate fundamental right to provide protection. US does not use a fundamental right to privacy they said rather liberty was protected. PETITIONERS REJOINDER Gopal Subramanium GS expressed disappointment at the States stand and said that there is no need to look at all the American judgments to determine if there should be a right to privacy. The words in OUR Constitution are not narrow and should be understood/interpreted in their fullness. Even if privacy is a borrowed notion that has no relevance because so is liberty sovereignty etc. GS traced the evolution of human rights. Referring to IBM census Holocaust in Nazi Germany WW II then talked about suspension of fundamental rights during the Emergency. GS distinguished today from emergency. Whereas in emergency there was a proclamation here we have no such declaration yet the govt wants liberty to be suspended. Adv Grover Kapil Sibal Shyam Diwan PV Sundaresan Arvind Datar all spoke for a brief while each reiterating the need for a FR to Privacy. Perhaps the petitioners case was best summed by Meenakshi Arora who said The state cannot say I will give you welfare benefits if you give me your privacy. Hearings are complete and judgement is reserved. How long There is no fixed limit it is up to the judges. Thanks to Anuj Wankhede on FB these are his post in Say No to Aadhaar group on FB . A timebound single window clearance needed at state government level for faster approval to Affordable Housing projects Urjit Patel.. A timebound single window clearance needed at state government level for faster approval to AffordableHousing projects UrjitPatel.: [deleted]. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana All you need to know: [deleted]. RBI becomes first central bank in Asia to cut rates this year. Inadequate breastfeeding may drain Indian economy of 14 billion UN report. RBI plans to extend cyber audit to all banks. India witnessed more than 27000 cybersecurity threat incidents in the first half of 2017.. RBI verbatim Heres what the money policy says. Have you been asked to pay service charges at restaurants Here is what Narendra Modi government wants you to do. Is India like East Asia or Latin America. RBI Cuts Repo Rate By 25 Basis Points Keeps Policy Stance Neutral. RBI cuts repo rate by 0.25 to 7year low of 6 home auto loans to get cheaper India News. Monetary Policy Committee RBI cuts Repo Rate by 25 bps Full text of third bimonthly monetary policy 201718: [deleted]. Indias manufacturing PMI in July hits 8year low on GST disruption. Open up LPG market to private enterprise. Government cannot use Aadhaar to track citizens UIDAI tells Supreme Court: [deleted]. Direct tax collection to grow 21 till July 15 this fiscal. RBI bites the bullet cuts repo rate by 25 basis points to 6. Over 11 lakh fake duplicate PANs deactivated Finance Ministry. RBI monetary policy review today Urjit Patel likely to cut interest rate by 0.25. Six Hours of Chaos A Wild Day Inside Indias Overrun Courtrooms: [deleted]. 12 new treatment plants planned along the Gangas route. Private sectors profits in healthcare soar as Indian government investment stagnates. 12 new treatment plants planned along the Gangas route: [deleted]. Lockheed Martin says India could become F16 fighter jets maintenance hub. A government that takes job away...: [deleted]. Tamil Nadu India Generates Record Wind Power Is Forced To Shut Down Thermal Plants. India as a Climate Front Runner Financing Clean Energy. From India to Mexico emerging currencies to endure tapering. Indias holdings in US Treasury hit record high in May. Centre wants to link Aadhaar with driving licence. Registration of vehicles and owners name will also be linked to Aadhaar to prevent instances of car thefts: [deleted]. Gvt moves to check benami Aadhaar to be made must for property deals. Aadhaar effect India may soon have a dataprotection law. Indian Railways can still beat airlines. Booksellers and publishers are feeling the heat of GST. Will they pass on the burden to the reader. PDS system Fallouts and Improvements: From wikipedia https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Publicdistributionsystem The public distribution system of India is not without its defects. With a coverage of around 400 million belowpovertyline BPL families a review of the PDS has discovered the following structural shortcomings and disturbances 1. Growing instances of the consumers receiving inferior quality food grains in ration shops. 2. Deceitful dealers replace good supplies received from the F.C.IFood Corporation of India with inferior stock and sell FCI stock in the black market. 3. Illicit fair price shop owners have been found to create large number of bogus cards to sell food grains in the open market. 4. Many FPS dealers resort to malpractice illegal diversions of commodities holding and black marketing due to the minimum salary received by them. 5. Numerous malpractices make safe and nutritious food inaccessible and unaffordable to many poor thus resulting in their food insecurity. 6. Identification of households to be denoted status and distribution to granted PDS services has been highly irregular and diverse in various states. The recent development of Aadhar UIDAI cards has taken up the challenge of solving the problem of identification and distribution of PDs services along with Direct Cash Transfers. 7. Regional allocation and coverage of FPS are unsatisfactory and the core objective of price stabilization of essential commodities has not met. 8. There is no set criteria as to which family is BPL and which is APL .This non ambiguity gives massive scope for corruption and fallouts in PDS systems because those who are actually meant to be benefitted are not able to taste the fruits of PDS. To improve the current system of the PDS the following suggestions are furnished for 1. Vigilance squad should be strengthened to detect corruption which is an added expenditure for taxpayers. 2. Personnelincharge of the department should be chosen locally. 3. Margin of profit should be increased for honest business in which case the market system is more apt anyway. 4. F.C.I. and other prominent agencies should provide quality food grains for distribution which is a tall order for an agency that has no real incentive to do so. 5. Frequent checks raids should be conducted to eliminate bogus and duplicate cards which is again an added expenditure and not full proof. 6. The Civil Supplies Corporation should open more fair price shops in rural areas. 7. The fair price dealers seldom display rate chart and quantity available in the blockboards in front of the shop. This should be enforced. In aggregate only about 42 of subsidised grains issued by the central pool reach the target group according to a Planning Commission study released in March 2008.. After PAN card govt plans to link driving licences with Aadhaar. Arvind Panagariya resigns as NITI Aayog vice chairman. Making fundamental right subservient to economic rights dangerous Supreme Court. Right to privacy Overarching guidelines needed to protect personal information says SC. Manufacturing PMI at 47.9 records steepest contraction since Feb. 09. How The AadhaarPDS Linkage Has Compounded The Ration Woes Of Jharkhand Villagers. What i want from Govt to do: [removed]. India suicide rate increases as high temperatures destroy crops study finds. Govt could Demonetize Rs. 2000 note in favor of more 500 and 200: [removed]. Kudankulam nuclear power plant India Russia sign 3 contracts on Kudankulam. Indias holdings in US Treasury hit record high in May. Once fragile India gets thumbs up even as rates set to fall. Its time to recognise the truth a trade deal with India means concessions on immigration. Since 2010 there has been a decline of more than 50 per cent in Indian international students coming to the UK.. What is the impact of floods on Indias GDP. US lawmaker moves bill that could ease green card issuance to skilled Indians. Urjit Patel may just seize his chance this time to put Indian economy back on track. Punjab Haryana HC Directs Subordinate Courts To Record Aadhaar Number Of Parties [Read Circular] Live Law. NITI Aayog VC Arvind Panagriya resigns.. Centre constitutes new panel under former SC judge to prepare draft data protection law. Courts Cannot Introduce Fundamental Rights Maharashtra To SC In Right To Privacy Case. Impossible To Use Aadhaar To Track Citizens Supreme Court Told. DAY 5 Right to Privacy Hearing in Supreme Court a Gist Taken from FB: Supreme Court nine judge bench hearing Right to Privacy Day 5 Summary On day 5 the respondents government were more aggressive in outright denying any fundamental right to privacy. At the most they were conceding that there is an element of privacy requirement but not enough to elevate it to a FR. Expectedly they agreed on the issue of data protection and laws for ensuring it. While most of the bench seems to be siding with the petitioners one line from Justice Nariman was ominous We havent said that well repeal Aadhaar. We might balance it with right to privacy. Data protection bit has been a gain for the petitioners. And later there was a statement about having at least some sort of privacy law if not a fundamental right. In any case technically this is not an Aadhaar case but this case will be the real Aadhaar foundation on which other Aadhaar cases will be judged. Tomorrow is the last day of the hearing with the first half for the respondents and second half for petitioners rejoinders. For anyone interested in greater detail it is as below. CA Sundaram started by repeating that only Parliament has the power to introduce the right to privacy by way of a constitutional amendment if they think its necessary and since many aspects of privacy are already protected under Article 21 there is no need for a new FR in the name of privacy. The judges however were not impressed with what CAS was saying and frequently interrupted or differed with him. Justice Chelameswar asked why is it not possible to not invade privacy and still implement Aadhaar Justices Nariman and Chellameshwar explained that as India has signed UDHR ICCPR it does not matter whether privacy is a FR under constitution we have international obligations to keep. CAS remained adamant and stuck to his line arguing that we should respect commitments made internationally but not by creating new FRs. ASG Mehta kept up saying that Privacy cannot and should not be a FR. He conceded that data protection should be there and that a separate committee under Justice Retd. Sri Krishna will look into it. He said that for Aadhaar only name fathers name and biometrics are mandatory. All other info such as email and mobile number is optional and thus is very safe. He claimed that just yesterday Government has constituted a committee headed by retired justice BN Srikrishna and Ministry of Electronics IT to evolve principles of data protection. Said that public interest and good governance will be seriously harmed if privacy is made a fundamental right. He got carried away and Mr. Gopal Subramanium objected saying that its not an issue case of Aadhaar but of privacy. J. Nariman agreed and asked ASG to not debate Aadhaar adding that they havent said that they will repeal Aadhaar might balance it with right to privacy. But ASG Mehta was adamant and continued to cite right to food PDS and mobile verification where the SC has itself allowed Aadhaar. ASG Mehta asked the court not to rely on American judgements because their notion of privacy is different from ours. For example their public display of affection. Justice Chandrachud said it means that In Indians are more private and hence we need a right to privacy more than them Next ASG Dwivedi said that every claim to privacy must be tested is it a legitimate and reasonable expectation in society A general privacy right ought not to be grafted onto the Constitution. CJI clarified that none of the petitioners argued that it is an absolute right. And even if it is a FR it will have limitations. ASG saIid that every lawyer in the courtroom voluntarily rushed to get an Aadhaar card. Now they say privacy.and privacy needs to be decided on facts and circumstances of each case separately.. GST weighs heavy on manufacturing PMI falls to 8yearlow in July. RBI GST weighs heavy on manufacturing PMI falls to 8yearlow in July: [deleted]. Information needed about Indias economy: Hey guys International Relations student here. I am working on a research about Indias ties with the European Union and I need some basic information to start with. What are your biggest banks what are some important regional organizations what are your biggest exports and imports Any idea where could I find information like that I tried with the websites of some Indian ministries but there was little to no data. Thanks in advance. Indias performance in solar power not so encouraging says parliamentary panel. Does the RBIs MPC have an upside bias to its inflation forecasts. Arvind Panagariya Resigns As ViceChairman Of Niti Aayog Says Will Return To Academia. Manufacturing PMI drops to its lowest in more than eight years at 47.9 in July. The railways are dealing with safety functions on an ad hoc basis. Realistic Solutions How to stop using Made in China products.. Govts stand on driverless cars akin to opposition to computers in 1980s. Govt orders LPG prices to be hiked by Rs 4 per month. Delhi govt cuts funds to 28 DU colleges for not setting up governing bodies. Why PM Narendra Modi wants India to dump a 150yearold financial habit. Govt stops 1.3bn Chinese bid for Gland Pharma. Modis economy... The Roundtable Aadhaar Privacy Vs Governance. High time India had a right to privacy law. A private member bill tabled recently ticks most of the boxes that one would expect from a strong data privacy law. US lawmaker moves bill that could ease green card issuance to skilled Indians: [deleted]. Its time to recognise the truth a trade deal with India means concessions on immigration. Since 2010 there has been a decline of more than 50 per cent in Indian international students coming to the UK.: [deleted]. What is the impact of floods on Indias GDP: [deleted]. India is supposed to be booming but it doesnt feel like earlier booms at all.: Those of you who are in their late 20s must remember the earlier booms of BJP I and UPA I 19992008 era. The economic growth was very palpable. You would hear stories of friends and relatives getting good jobs right after college. Some would be juggling multiple offers. Every time I would go back to my hometown I would be surprised by yet another new building. Everywhere you would see old houses being torn down and new houses being built. Youd hear stories of neighbors buying new cars. Then there was a mini boom in 201316 led mostly by startups getting a shit ton of funding. But the current boom doesnt feel that way at all. Younger cousins who are graduating are finding it difficult to get jobs. Placements were abysmal at even IITD this year There are no new big construction projects in the cities I frequent. You dont see new apartments being built anywhere except Golf Course Road in Gurgaon. I dont see a lot of people buying new cars Is this just my selection bias or is this actually not like earlier booms. Right to privacy Law Commission submits draft bill on DNA profiling moots creation of national regional databanks. July factory activity contracts to 9yr low on confusion over GST implementation. INDIA Institute for Human Development holds roundtable on UBI. RBI asks banks to enable account number portability. SBI Cuts Interest Rate On Savings Account Deposits. Break the mould How PM can push for reforms by shrinking ministry. Traffic growth Rs 50000 crore a year required for extra laning. PDS system may be scrapped says Modi. India built Arjun Mk II Tank. You may soon be able to check work quality of your plumber or driver before hiring: [deleted]. India must rethink infrastructure needs for 100 new smart cities to be sustainable. GST impact Forget about your next free slice of Dominos pizza companies will now be taxed on freebies. Core sector growth falls to 0.4 in June. First Solar India to divest 190 MW of assets to IDFC Alternatives. Govt orders LPG prices to be hiked by Rs 4 per month. Core sector growth falls to 0.4 in June. A government that takes jobs away. Mihir Sharma.. SBI cuts savings rate by 0.5 90 customers to be impacted. Indias Non FarmLoan Debts Could Settle All Distressed Farm Loans. LPG Cylinder Prices To Be Hiked By Rs 4 Every Month. India likely to order 2100 jets: [deleted]. The economics of Aadhaar. For the first time in the History of India A Union Finance Minister exposes Dirty Secrets about Elections. Business confidence for Q2 slides 13 on GST concerns Dun amp Bradstreet survey Livemint. Seeing red why is tomato on fire The Indian Express. No more blanket in AC coaches Railways to instead raise temp to 24 degrees. Core sector industries grow by 0.4 in June as compared to 7 last year in the same period. Economic Mismanagement The Hindu Business Line. As per data shared by the government on average 25 Trains were Cancelled every day in 2016. India must guard against external financing vulnerability IMF. India is the top recipient of the worlds migrant remittances. AadhaarPAN linking can be done till August 31. government orders staterun oil companies to raise subsidised cooking gas LPG prices by Rs 4 per cylinder every month to eliminate all the subsidies by March next year. The Role that Natural Resource Auctions Played in Indias Current NPA Crisis. PM Modis Dollar Diplomacy has sent China in a State of Shock. BHIM App Has Completed Rs 1500 Crore Transactions. PFRDA planning aggressive growth Livemint. Govt extends deadline to file income tax returns to August 5. Income Tax India on Twitter In view of the difficulties faced by taxpayers date for filing of Income Tax Returns for FY 201617 has been extended to 5th August 2017.. Ignoring OBOR India and Japan forge ahead with joint connectivity project. Corporate India owes 3.4 lakh crores INR 3400000000000 as Bad Debt unpaid loans. Indias increasing debt crisis. Maneka Gandhi suggests legalising marijuana for medical purposes. India may have already become a 4 inflation economy HSBC economist. Railway removes mandatory catering service from Shatabdi Rajdhani and Duronto trains. Catering made optional in 31 premium trains: [deleted]. We want Paytm to close down Swadeshi Jagran Manch. India Transformed The 1991 Economic Reforms Highlights. As food prices slump pressure grows for more India interest rate cuts. High time India had a right to privacy law. The economics of Aadhaar. File income tax returns by July 31 for 201718 Here Are The Details. Not just friends taxmen too checking out FB holiday pics Times of India. Need help finding data for research project: [removed]. Sagarmala project to boost GDP by 2 per cent Ocean Group. O Saathi Shab LIVE SERIES 1 Mithun Arijit Singh Cover by Aarit. Tomato prices in India likely to decline in next 15 days says official. PewResearch India is the top recipient of the worlds migrant remittances. Why right to privacy shouldnt be fundamental. Indias Mistake In Having A National Minimum Wage. Stressed a/cs have inherent value Arun Jaitley. Delhi court to pass order on plea against Ola Uber on Monday: [deleted]. In 15 months Enforcement Directorate attaches more assets than in 10 years. Foreign Investors Pump 4 Billion In Indian Markets In July. In 15 months Enforcement Directorate attaches more assets than in 10 years. IndiaRussia Deal For Supply Of 48 Mi17 Choppers Likely By Year End. Mann Ki Baat Live PM Modi says GST ushers in a new culture hails Indian women cricket team. Modi Wants the DNA Profiling Bill Passed Right Away. Heres Why It Shouldnt Be.. Instagram posts will soon help sniff out tax fraud in India. Indias Latest Advances in Financial Inclusion A Day in Royyuru. Railways plans to discontinue providing blankets in AC coaches: [deleted]. INDIA Institute for Human Development holds roundtable on UBI. Study shows India can integrate 175 GW of renewable energy into its electricity grid. Karnataka govt mulls policy on cryptocurrencies. Unicef slams rote learning teaching methods in preschools. Yes we need privacy protection. No its not just about Aadhaar. Tell us all about GM mustard Supreme Court to Centre. One Project in Bengal Is Giving Fair Prices to Farmers. IT return Without UID expatriates unable to file tax returns. It is too soon to write off Narendra Modis reforms. Crop Protection Chemicals Destroyed Aquatic System In India. Bengaluru engineer accesses Aadhaar database to develop app sparks concerns. Bharat Niti plans to raise massive Hindutva army of online warriors. How can India achieve 10 Economic growth rate: Seriously How can we grow at 10 instead of 7 presently it makes a huge difference 10 years down the line. What should we do. build new cities for our 60 rural population Manufacturing. How can India achieve 10 Economic growth rate: [deleted]. GST impact Over 25 of trucks idle amid drop in interstate movement. Policy Watch Episode 279 Govt sops for stressed telcos. Weed Rather Not Says Blunt High Court Dismisses PIL to legalise marijuana. Its time to recognise the truth a trade deal with India means concessions on immigration: [deleted]. Indian Railways likely to stop offering blankets in AC coaches. The CAG noted that this was due to the outsourcing of washing the linen as the railways could not handle the existing load. Alsothere was no quality control for the washing through departmental mechanised laundries.. What India can learn from Hong Kongs sewage system. New minimum wage code Bill Good news for 4 crore workers but be ready for the bad news too. Lok Sabha passes IIM Bill that seeks to give more autonomy. China and India together can lead the World Opinion Shashi Tharoor. China And India together can lead the World: [deleted]. Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana Lets own a house: [deleted]. Indias onceshoddy transport infrastructure is getting much better. Supreme Court notice to Centre on plea challenging Finance Act. IIT graduate his firm booked for hacking Aadhaar data. Foodgrain output in India may hit record all set to keep inflation low. Indian Government Still In Power Struggle Regarding Cryptocurrencies. Foreign tourist Government to hire UK PR firm to get more foreign tourists. Income Tax Government mulls extending July 31 deadline for income tax returns. Aadhaar data theft began on Jan 1 continued till July 26. India bullying Bhutan: I came across this post in my FB feed where a Bhutanese woman was criticising India in an International Relations forum. It is a great read and a different perspective altogether. It would be great if you guys can share your views on the post. WARNING Long wall of text WHO IS BULLYING BHUTAN On 26th June 2017 The Times of India posted a video on YouTube claiming to show Chinese and Indian troops jostling and shoving each other on what The Times commentator said is Indian land on the Indian side of the Sikkim border. He accused China of aggression and the Chinese troops of being extremely aggressive. A few days later it emerged that the dispute had nothing to do with Indian land. The ChinaIndia confrontation was taking place on the ChinaBhutan border. Yet Chinese and Indian media quickly roused patriotic fervour and railed against each other. Chinese media said India would be kicked out taught a bitter lesson and suffer greater losses than in 1962. One Chinese editorial mocked Indias claim to be defending Bhutan and accused India of treating Bhutan as a vassal state and forcing it to support India. Meanwhile an Indian headline read China The Worlds Bully and another article called China a geopolitical bully.The mere fact that a vastly bigger country like China is indulging in such antics against a peaceful neighbour like Bhutan shows the extent to which Beijing will stoop to to occupy territory illegally slicing it off like a salami just like its done with India. Through such welter of mutual recriminations and accusations Bhutans media remained remarkably quiet and reserved with no aggressive posturing as reported by the Hindustan Times. And why should there be The vast majority of Bhutanese have no interest in the remote barren high altitude Doklam Plateau and have not even heard of it. But the 89 sq.km. parcel does have strategic importance to India that sees Chinese presence there as a dagger pointed at its narrow and vulnerable 21km wide chickens neck that links it to its northeastern states. And so Bhutans initial quiet restraint was not good enough for India and Bhutan quickly fell into line. On 3rd July FirstPost headlines read Bhutan vents out first major disclaimer against Chinese sides with India The article went on to say Bhutan for the first time has taken a major stand against Chinas incursions . Bhutans stand against Beijing goes on to show the countrys unwavering alliance and support for big brother India. And that characterization itself raises a big question Who precisely is bullying Bhutan And what exactly are Indian troops doing on Bhutanese land in the first place Just defending poor little Bhutan against big Chinas bullying aggression Who in fact is more seriously threatening Bhutans sovereignty and independence China or India When friendship turns to control. In fact India has maintained a strong military presence throughout Bhutan for half a century exercising its power and influence in every corner of Bhutanese life. Even in the remote and strategic areas of northern Bhutan far from anything Indian Indian soldiers exercise their authority and control the movement of local Bhutanese. Convoys of Indian military trucks travel freely across Bhutan and cannot be checked for contents by the Bhutanese authorities. The Indian army has occupied the Haa Dzong for decades and has given no indication of handing it back to the Bhutanese. The Dzongs have since the time of Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyel the founder of Bhutan been a seat of power and a symbol of governance. It is noteworthy that Indian troops efforts to block Chinese road construction on the Bhutan border are portrayed in Indian media as stopping China from building roads into India revealing just how little respect the Indians really have for Bhutanese sovereignty. But such spin is not surprising. In Bhutan the IMTRAT Indian Military Training General and Indian Ambassador both residing in the two most prized real estates in the capital are said to be the most powerful men in the country even determining what does and does not get published in the national media. When Bhutan obtained Asian Development Bank funding for a strategic highway linking its east and west to avoid the necessity of Bhutanese travel through troubled strikeprone and often violent Assam and West Bengal India vetoed the plan. The highway was cancelled and Bhutan remains dependent on Indias grace and mercy for its own internal eastwest transit. Just a few weeks ago an angry mob of Indians beat up a Bhutanese truck driver and set his truck on fire for being involved in a road accident. But this Indian interference and infringement on Bhutanese sovereignty extends far beyond the militarystrategic sphere into every aspect of Bhutans political and economic life. Thus Bhutan is the only sovereign independent nation in the world that has no diplomatic relations with any of the five permanent U.N. Security Council members the US UK France China and Russia only because India jealous of its exclusive hegemony over Bhutan and fearful of any competitive influence wont allow it. Japan has long been a friend of Bhutan helping fund many developmental projects in Bhutan. The Japanese wished to have an embassy in Bhutan to foster closer ties and more development projects. However firm plans and agreement to build a Japanese Embassy in Thimphu were abruptly cancelled once again due to Indias disapproval. When China invited Bhutan to exhibit at its Shanghai EXPO in 2010 offering a free pavilion that would be a central installation in the EXPO India forbade Bhutanese participation. Independent sovereign nations from the world over took part in the EXPO sans Bhutan. India even if they forbade Bhutan went and participated in the EXPO even building a pavilion of their own. India regularly nixes Bhutanese official and commercial missions and visits to China though it conducts its own with impunity apparently due to Indian disapproval of potential competition with its own overweening influence. More ominously India has blatantly interfered in Bhutans elections and political processes. India strongly objected to Bhutans former Prime Minister forging extensive new diplomatic ties and carving out an independent foreign policy and was furious when the Prime Minister simply met and talked with Chinas Premier at the Rio 20 conference. And so India decided to get rid of him. Just days before the 2013 elections India removed its subsidies on liquefied petroleum gas and kerosene thereby doubling and tripling prices on these essential commodities to signal its disapproval of the existing government. The cynical tactic worked and a new government far more compliant and obedient to Indias will and interests was elected. Hydropower cooperation or colonization But the cornerstone of IndiaBhutan cooperation for three decades has been the hydropower that is a cheap power boon to Indias growing economy and which accounts for fully 40 of Bhutans revenues and 25 of its GDP. Indian financing which has switched from 70 grant and 30 loan to 30 grant and 70 loan at higher interest rates is also the direct cause of Bhutans escalating debt that has even further deepened Bhutanese dependence on India. Since July 2006 when Bhutan and India agreed to develop 10000 MW of hydropower from ten large projects the benign sheen of this apparent cooperation has quickly faded as commissioned projects were delayed and costs mushroomed. Costs jumped US 240 million at Mangdechhu they doubled at PunatsangchhuII and they tripled at PunatsangchhuI from US 500 million to 1.5 billion and no end in sight. And those costs obviously dont include massive environmental damages for which future generations of Bhutanese will pay. A recent report from India documented severe impacts on water bodies and resources forest and wildlife loss and heavy pollution. The same report reinforced by Bhutans own government statistics notes that hydropower has failed to develop local capacity and employment with most contracts going to Indian companies. According to the IMF Bhutans government debt now stands at a whopping 118 of GDP up from just 67 six years ago with India by far the largest creditor accounting for 64 of Bhutans total debt. By comparison Indias ratio of government debt to GDP is 70 and Chinas is 46. Why does that ratio matter Because its used by investors to measure a countrys ability to make future payments on its debt thus affecting the country borrowing costs. Higher borrowing costs worsen debt further. A recent British report on global debt lists Bhutan as one among 14 other countries that are fast heading towards a debt crisis. The report details hydropowers rapid loss of economic viability and concludes Should the hydropower sectors financial performance continue to deteriorate Bhutans solvency could be threatened. How convenient will that be for India And what conditions will it attach to bailouts and pleas for loan forgiveness In this day and age sovereignty and independence are much more likely undermined by economic than political control albeit in far more subtle and hidden ways. So the definition of bullying these days must go far beyond the oldfashioned geopolitical border disputes however minor and insignificant that still make for good press in TV images of jostling Chinese and Indian soldiers. Time to ask hard questions that cant be publicly asked in Bhutan Its time if not long overdue to question how benign Indias intentions are in Bhutan. How much cooperation is actually exploitation and domination And how much of Indias foreign aid to Bhutan now nearly US1 billion a year actually signifies mounting control and interference on one side and growing dependence and erosion of sovereignty on the other But of course with Indian control of Bhutanese expression and politics those questions will never be asked in Bhutans supposed free democracy. Just imagine if Bhutans daily Kuensel newspaper or its staterun Bhutan Broadcasting Service radio and television dared to publish this article. Unimaginable How ironic that India the worlds largest democracy that prides itself on its own free speech utterly suppresses it in its friendly neighbour. And heres another question equally impossible to ask How might it benefit Bhutan to warm up a bit more to China and even to establish diplomatic relations with its huge northern neighbour cooperate economically and welcome selective Chinese aid and investments in Bhutans infrastructure After all our connection with China already goes far beyond the political and economic to a deep cultural and spiritual affinity. For example Bhutan shares directly with China the profound wisdom texts and traditions of Mahayana Buddhism. China today is experiencing an unprecedented Buddhist revival that creates a natural and intuitive bond with Bhutan. In fact Bhutan is already benefitting directly from the resurgence of Buddhism in China. From one end of Bhutan to the other from the giant Shakyamuni Buddha statue at Kuensel Phodrang in Thimphu to the giant Guru Rinpoche statue at Takila in Lhuentse monasteries temples ceremonies and rituals are maintained sponsored and supported through Chinese donations and contributions. For all the fawning gratitude praise and adulation Bhutanese officials regularly heap on India for its special relations with Bhutan what word of acknowledgement or appreciation do these officials ever utter for the steady quiet Chinese support for our precious Bhutanese culture and traditions Support incidentally that comes with no strings attached and no crippling debt burden And this shared culture and tradition is a major reason for the surge in Chinese tourists flocking to Bhutan now greatly outnumbering tourists from any other country. And while the Chinese all pay top dollar on expensive tourist visas to visit Bhutan thus making China by far the largest contributor to Bhutans tourism industry Indian visitors come for free requiring no visa of any kind. Sorry to say this but ask any hotel owner in the country who their least favourite least respectful and most troublesome guests are and they unfailingly say Indians. The Prime Minister of Bhutan has agreed with India and promised to sign the South Asian Motor Vehicles Agreement MVA. This would open up Bhutan to cars from India Nepal and Bangladesh further strengthening Indias hold on Bhutan. Just imagine Bhutans roads filled with Indian cars taxis buses and trucks. Indian tourists would come in busloads totally over running Bhutans carefully planned quality of quantity tourism policy that has helped protect Bhutan. Indian presence would increase Bhutans roads would be destroyed by the increased traffic resulting in more DANTAK presence to come repair and maintain the roads our pristine environment would be destroyed. It is interesting to note that the Prime Minister of Bhutan has agreed to sign this agreement even if the National Assembly of Bhutan has voted against it. Showing how he is willing to do whatever the Indians want. And despite the absence of diplomatic relations Bhutans commercial relations with China are already quietly flourishing beneath the surface all the way from yakherders on Bhutans northern borders to Thimphu merchants dependent on Chinese imports whose quality often far exceeds comparable Indian products. In short might Bhutan benefit in more ways than one by slipping away from total domination by one of its neighbours and instead strategically playing off and leveraging ChinaIndia competition to its own advantage But questions let alone policies and solutions like these are an unwritten no go zone in Bhutanese politics and media. Indeed it is a telling mark of the sinister extent and penetration of Indian control and subjugation of Bhutan that no politician or journalist dare touch such questions with a tenfoot pole. Interestingly India is unwittingly aided in such suppression of free speech and other human rights by the utter failure of western human rights groups even to notice. Rather the west seems intent on drawing attention to human rights violations in countries like China which has grown so rapidly into an economic powerhouse that its global reach now threatens western interests. Conveniently for India it poses no such threat and escapes western scrutiny. Yes China may occasionally though very rarely flex its muscles in minor border disputes as India accuses. But compared to Bhutans actual groundlevel experience and interaction with China isnt Indias domination and subjugation of Bhutan far more intrusive pervasive and insidious extending into every portion of Bhutans social political and economic fabric Are there any Bhutanese out there who dare even to ask. No news on Rs 2000 note withdrawal Rs 200 to be issued soon MoS Finance Santosh Gangwar. Indian State of Karnataka Considers Digital Currency Policy. New Wage Code Bill A jolt to formal job creation This bill proposes that there would be a universal minimum wage. This would mean that irrespective of the location of the job and the qualification of the candidate the wages paid would be the same.. BRICS heads of revenue sign tax cooperation pact hail Indias GST. Farmer wins 8year long battle only to receive a bouncing cheque from govt. Seeing red why is tomato on fire. At employment exchanges rise in applications but less than 1 get jobs. Zero duty to hit Indian dairy industry Amul. Facebook And Instagram Posts Will Help Sniff Out Tax Evaders In India. New minimum wage code Bill Good news for 4 crore workers but be ready for the bad news too: [deleted]. Whats at stake in HyderabadIP investment and RCEP. No running around for car RC in Delhi get it delivered at home from next week. Turf war rages between CCI and TRAI over telecom tariffs. GST impact Yogi govt breached One Nation One Tax theme say SMEs. Centre admits to data leak. More than 80 politicians academics researchers and other experts attend a round table in India to discuss a Universal Basic Income after a successful pilot program.. spending Parliament approval sought for Rs 11166 crore additional spending. Indias onceshoddy transport infrastructure is getting much better. Shocked by Centres stand that Aadhaar is necessary for welfare programmes Right to Food Campaign. Indias coal import declines 8 in Q1 to 53 MT Govt. Builders in India Pledge to Build Green Homes. UPTET Supreme Court cancels appointment of 1.78 lakh teachers in UP junior school. UP Assembly passes annual budget opposition remains absent. Indias Service Sector Activity Strengthened at the End of 2Q17. GST will boost organised security biz says SIS CEO. Privacy confidentiality nonnegotiable under Aadhaar Act UIDAI tells SC. Law panel nod for DNA bank to fight crime: [deleted]. Law panel nod for DNA bank to fight crime. Use of DNAbased technology for criminal investigation identification of missing persons and unidentified bodies as well as the proposed National DNA Data Bank would in no way breach the privacy of individuals.: [deleted]. Karnataka govt mulls policy on cryptocurrencies. Government will soon host a seminar to understand block chains for governance amp Bitcoin. If necessary we will evolve a policy tweeted ITBT minister Priyank Kharge: [deleted]. Tell us all about GM mustard Supreme Court to Centre: [deleted]. Cabinet clears wage code bill likely to be introduced in House today. The bill which ensures a minimum wage across all sectors will consolidate four labour laws.. India is betting on compulsory internships to improve its unemployable engineers. No Improvement In Drinking Water For Elementary Schools Over 6 Years. India commits itself to universal and sustainable social security system. Taxable goods over Rs 5000 will need eway bill to enter UP India News Times of India. Cabinet gives expost facto nod for GST rollout in JampK. Fines for breaking airport rules to rise up to Rs5000. Cabinet clears minimum wage code bill 4 crore employees likely to get benefits. Govt hikes gold bond investment limit to 4 kg per fiscal. Sebi to auction Sunshine Infrabuilds 11 properties. [NP] India is about to sign a Free Trade Agreement with China and theres surprisingly little discussion about it in SM: RCEP is a proposed Free Trade Agreement between ASEAN nations and few other nations like China Japan South Korea etc. Negotiations began with UPA in 2012 and are continuing with NDA till date. There is a meeting among officials going on in Hyderabad as we speak. China is a nation with whom India already has a trade deficit of 46 Billion. India is hoping to get market access for its services sector in these countries including China. Personally that sounds ridiculous to me because many foreign companies are unable to penetrate the market that is in large part controlled by the protectionist Communist Party of China. Does r/india think this agreement would work out for us. Now Centre tells right to privacy is not fundamental right. The Egyptian Exchange EGX and BSE sign a MoU. Indian Railways has a startup fund. GST impact Cheaper to eat sweets at shop counter than seated at table. With first Shariacompliant coop bank in Kerala has Islamic banking moved ahead in India. Indian Port Rail Corporation to build IndoreManmad rail corridor says Nitin Gadkari. Now IIITs can award MTech PhD degrees. Reddit who are your favorite Indian public intellectuals to follow: I recently discovered Center For Policy Researchs Indian think tank channel on YouTube and binged on a few videos by Pratap Bhanu Mehta. I find the depths of his political theory to be stimulating and he is a serious thinker who tackles issues at the root instead of reacting to events that we typically see from most other commentators. So Randia who do you like or respect who has lets say an academic bent of mind and tackles complex socio economic matters with eloquence and thoughtfulness Link for the channel https//www.youtube.com/channel/UCT0LvSYjYr2gmUDhx7Z3wtw. Girl fails to generate clear fingerprints for Aadhaar school denies her admission Times of India. India Shining Now 150 indicators available to coomon man to know the facts that make us rank better than China in terms of economical growth.  8 60 Times Bull. Discussion with Col Retd Mathew Thomas on Aadhaar. Govt launched biggest fight yet against shell companies in 201617. A Litmus Test. Supreme Court to continue hearing right to privacy case today. Turning on the lights Power ministry data shows that only 8 or so of the electrified villages under the Deendayal Upadhyaya Gram Jyoti Yojana have power reaching all their households. How can India achieve 10 Economic growth rate: [deleted]. Assam 400 crore sanctioned for Brahmaputra dredging to apprehend flood situation. Finance ministry prepares to bailout debtridden telecom firms. The Jewel In The Crown Why India Continues To Outperform Global Markets. spending Parliament approval sought for Rs 11166 crore additional spending: [deleted]. Birth certificates no longer a must for passport. Centre concedes privacy is a fundamental right. spending Parliament approval sought for Rs 11166 crore additional spending: [deleted]. Aadhaar PAN Linking Mandatory From July 1 How to Link Aadhaar With PAN Card Online. Huge Rush The Rise Of Metro Rail Network In India. By stopping free rations for peace stations we are letting the armed forces down at a crucial time. Army Colonel Sends Legal Notice To Govt Asking It To Restart Free Ration For Officers. Qnet: [deleted]. Children are dying of cancer for lack of money even those that get free medical treatment: [deleted]. India has lost Rs 56700 crore clean energy fund to the implementation of Goods and Service Tax. OutofSight RCEP Negotiations Threaten Public Health and Access to Medicines. Mumbaiites youll soon need just one ticket for bus train taxi or auto. Aviation safety regulator DGCA flies into inflight Hindi debate. A huge blow for China India to help Mongolia to end its dependence on China. HOW TO INVEST IN INDIAN STOCK MARKET Best Tip Ever.. Weak public institutions best way to ensure social injustice. The economic and political consequences of Indias demonetisation: [deleted]. Uday gets discoms back in shape boosts power supply Times of India. RBI stops printing Rs 2000 notes Rs 200 note may hit market next month. GST Sweet makers find GST a tough nut to crack Times of India. Ahmedabad All the best for todays ride on Smart roads sorry craters. Cant Afford a Toilet Go and Sell Your Wife an Indian Official Suggests.. While India is in 75th position check out the top 10 nations with highest deposit in Swiss Bank video. The vexed question of financing Indian cities. RBI stops printing Rs 2000 notes focus turns to new Rs 200 notes. Bengaluru Metro row Why coercive implementation of Hindi cant work in India. With Japan and China coming closer the dream of Asian dominance may just forge ahead without India. Japan recently expressed support for Chinas One Belt One Road initiative that India has boycotted.. Govt to invite Manmohan to teach at Bengaluru School of Economics. GST impact Small grocers shift away from unorganised trade sign up with wholesale majors. Birth certificates no longer a must for passport. RBI stops printing Rs 2000 notes focus turns to new Rs 200 notes. The boycott ban on Maharashtras law against social boycott. ELI5Why are we boycotting chinese rakhis and lights: Why do government let CHINA import at the first place Why Nagpur Metro Rail contract given to China Railway Rolling Stock Why Kolkata Metro is getting 40 new AC coaches from China Can anyone explain me why government is hypocrite . Tamil Nadu students send sanitary napkins to Modi and Jaitley in protest against 12 GST. income tax return No penalty for late ITR this year but here are 4 important reasons to file it in time: [deleted]. IIM Business of giving back picks up at Indian Bschools: [deleted]. Indias GDP in last 2 yrs of UPA rule below projections Niti Aayog. India to introduce commodity position limits to curb price fluctuations. Madras HC makes Vande Mataram mandatory in schools govt and private offices Times of India. GST rate of 10 different countries 2017 Indias GST highest in the world. Inflation to rise noticeably in second half of 2017. Will India have driverless cars in the near future: How can we allow driverless cars when we already have a huge number of unemployed people This was the statement by Union minister Gadkari during a press meet today. How long you think it is going to take to solve the issues in Road Transport and Highways. From Evidence to Policy in Indias Groundwater Crisis. Mumbai Kolkata other major ports incur loss says CAG. Skill India Mission Is Faltering And Needs Urgent Attention. Skill India Mission Is Faltering And Needs Urgent Attention: [deleted]. Vande Mataram Must Be Sung In All Tamil Nadu Schools Says Madras High Court. On Governments Claims Of Creating 7 Crore Jobs A Fact Check. Railways blueprint confirms its fears Air travel will be No. 1 choice in three years. UK funds food security solar energy projects in India. Cheap eye tests and solar energy in India are among several international projects for which funding worth 225 million has been announced by Britains apex research body.. Good Bad and Ugly of Indias New National Sales Tax Journey. income tax return No penalty for late ITR this year but here are 4 important reasons to file it in time: [deleted]. Blankets Not Washed in 626 Months CAG Raps Indian Railways For Poor Sanitation Dirty Linens. Driver Holding LMV Licence Can Drive Transport Vehicle Of Such Class Without Any Endorsement SC. Union Home Ministry plans to give piped water to border posts. Sebi notifies rules to levy fee on participatory notes. IndiaChina border row Staterun Global Times calls for war second lesson for forgetful India. Government to go ahead with electoral bonds even if consensus eludes. Crisis in Rural Economy Has Spurred the Feminisation of Indian Agriculture. Driverless cars will lead to job losses. Wont allow Nitin Gadkari. Taxing times for the States. Microsoft may invest up to 100 million in Ola Parent Company. India will ban driverless cars in order to protect jobs. India will stay ahead of China on the growth curve in 2017 and 2018 says IMF. India Fights Over Which Government Body Will Regulate Bitcoin. Over 19 people in India are unbanked Study. The Meaning of Indias Beef Lynchings. May I Overcharge You Banks are fleecing customers to shore up their profits and offset the dead weight of bad loans to corporates. The Meaning of Indias Beef Lynchings: [deleted]. Government wont allow driverless cars on Indian roads Nitin Gadkari. Russia Germany in Race for Indian Navys 7.8 Billion Submarine Tender. Cleaning the House Must tainted legislators be debarred from polls For how long Answers are about to come in. India needs to make suitable policy changes to protect its solar manufacturing sector WTO. MPC members to get 1.5 lakh per meet must disclose assets. Number of Indians heading to Gulf countries falls remittances dip. Individuals to get bankruptcy protection soon: [deleted]. India likely to clock 7.5 growth this fiscal Arvind Panagariya. TRAI to begin consultation on mobile apps seeking user data. To Keep Itself Combat Ready Army Decides To Make Critical Spares For Tanks And Guns In India. How poorly Indian states are spending on schools a new study throws startling numbers. Sell Your Wife If You Cant Build a Toilet Has to be the Worst Argument for Swachh Bharat Ever. Government approves plan to build 34 mega multimodal logistics parks at an investment of Rs 2 lakh cr. Can Karnataka have its own flag No provision in Constitution that prohibits states from doing so: [deleted]. EVM tampering SC to hear plea seeking thorough investigation. Swachh tip Sell wife. GST GST everywhere even on hair.: [deleted]. Income Tax Undisclosed income of Rs 71941 crore found in 3 years Government to Supreme Court. Right to Privacy In SC Centre vs Karnataka soon. Russia Keen To Sell MiG35 To India Talks On Says Top Official. India Inc pay gap CEOs earn up to 1200times of average staff. Make home science mandatory for boys in school Government proposal. Every English regional government advertisement to have Hindi version: [deleted]. WCO backs Indias trade facilitation plan. Need a law that ends data colonisation says Nandan Nilekani. Indias labour laws are antiemployment. Launching Rs 200 note will fill missing middle SBI report. In major bureaucratic reshuffle 35 secretaries additional secretaries named. Nilekani moots law for individuals control over data. Thomas Piketty The problem of the Indian elite is that they all think capitalism will fix poverty in their country. They dont understand they need to invest in public health public education help the poor. The french elite made the same stupid mistake in our past.: [deleted]. Malfunctioning EVM at Buldhana contradicts ECs tamperproof claim. UN says India is inspiring world with Digitization Solar Energy Banking Egovernance Revolution. SC links privacy case to LGBT rights. WhatsApp privacy Will regulate social networking sites Centre tells SC. How Indias Gig Economy Is Trapping its Workers in the Cycle of Poverty. he Whimper of the Dragon New Delhis response has rattled Beijing into 1962 hysteria. Delhi govt hikes allowances of anganwadi workers awaits LGs nod. Aadhaar rebels find ways to avoid PAN linkage Times of India. Looks like UP IT minister failed to impress TCS. IRCTC forms new policy to upgrade quality of food. 75 of PANs not linked with Aadhaar. UN says India is inspiring world with Digitization Solar Energy Banking Egovernance Revolution: [deleted]. Aadhaar gets new security features but this is why your data still may not be safe. In Rural Jharkhand Aadhaar Link to Welfare Schemes is Excluding the Most Needy. On GST Modi Must Listen to Criticism From Within the Sangh Parivar. India needs a data empowerment law Nilekani. How India Can Get The Most Out Of China By Varun Gandhi. Of 4862 large dams only 349 have emergency disaster action plans CAG. Of 4862 large dams only 349 have emergency disaster action plans CAG: [deleted]. Crop insurers made Rs 10000 crore profit amid agrarian crisis CSE. If President Kovind can do what governor Kovind did in Bihar Indias higher education will be wellserved. Contemporary Themes in Indias Economic Development and Economic Survey Dr. Arvind Subramanian Chief Economic Adviser Government of India YouTube: [deleted]. Crop insurers made Rs 10000 crore profit amid agrarian crisis CSE. 81 of money meant for malnourished children remains unused in Maharashtra. Feature phones cost may rise 30 as DoT insists on GPS for women safety. No breach of farm subsidy limits India tells WTO. Indian economy A tale of two narratives. Proactively considering two time zones says government. Data an integral part of fundamental rights Centre tells Supreme Court: [deleted]. Govt considering to change financial year to JanuaryDecember Finance ministry.. Good news for foodies GST ushers hotels restaurants to slash rates by 510 per cent The Indian Express. Govt considering to change financial year to JanuaryDecember Finance ministry: [deleted]. Pitch for shared ride to combat Delhi traffic issues.. The Big Picture Are privacy concerns over Aadhaar valid. Rs87000 crore of right to education funds unused by states says CAG: [deleted]. CAG raps health ministry for underutilisation of funds shortage of doctors: [deleted]. Australia Ships First Uranium to India for Testing Bishop Says. India to quiz Philip Morris on marketing of Marlboro. Armys critical ammunition shortfall could limit its capability to fight a 10day battle says CAG. Delhi govt schools class 1012 students to soon get career counselling says Manish Sisodia. Denial of USD 350mn aid to Pakistan reality not policy United States. Privacy of personal data part of right to life Centre to SC Times of India. Maharashtra gets its first Pvt Ltd medical college. Privacy of personal data part of right to life Centre to SC. Jio users database hacked Jio users data is now in 3rd party hands. Does this means one has to be more careful about what they share with telecom: [deleted]. State should enact laws to protect right to privacy SC. Indian regulator suspends issuance of masala bonds. In Aadhaar and WhatsApp cases Centre takes different views on privacy. Reliance Industries Triple Play. Data protection integral to Right to Life Centre to SC: [deleted]. India planning to change financial year to JanDec says finance minister Jaitley. Demonetisation was a disaster but GST a good move says Rahul Bajaj. Reliance unveils zero cost 4G phone aims to further disrupt Indian telecoms: [deleted]. 4G VoLTE Enabled JioPhone Announced for Free Features Availability amp New Rs 153 Plan. Bad Loans Essar Destroys Governments Credibility On Loan Recovery. MPs ask TRAI to reduce interconnect usage charges so consumers can enjoy lower call rates. Good News for Bhiwadi NHAI granted DelhiBhiwadiAlwar 180 KM Regional Rapid Transit Systems projects worth Rs 53500 crore.. UP Minister Fails To Tell Full Form Of GST Says Hes Gathering More Knowledge About It. Airlines Can soon Have Nofly List Says Minister in Parliament. Bidding for second phase of Bharat Net likely by October. Motorists stuck in queues as FASTag yet to gain popularity. Want to buy a Raspberry pi 3 Be prepared to shell out 18 GST. New 8 Pension Scheme PMVVY To Be Launched Today 10 Things To Know. Pension Benefits Good news your pension will now be settled on your retirement day. Wanted to quit but Yogi Adityanath wont allow Sreedharan. Lipstick Under My Burkha Review This revolution is heading nowhere. [NP] The Indian startup sector is seeing a shakedown and quality is winning over quantity. Buffalo meat exports fall 4.35 in AprilMay: [deleted]. The Buck Really Stops at SEBI and Not the NSE. If private bodies can have data why not State SC: [deleted]. Niti Aayog and Health Ministry prepare Model Contract for privatizing Urban Health Care. Indian Railway to Invest 5000 billion in make over Whats the plan Why it is so desperate. Indian Railway to Invest 5000 billion in make over The Rising Giants: [deleted]. Indian Railway about to set record of 5000 bn investment and plans are mindboggling. The rise of Railway giant: [deleted]. Indias economy set to reclaim top spot for growth this year poll. The Big Picture Are privacy concerns over Aadhaar valid: [deleted]. Persistence of Diphtheria in India Signals Need for Accessibility of Drugs for Neglected Illnesses. More meat was exported in 16. Maharashtra Medical students move SC over HC ruling on admitting outsiders. Is SASEC road project Indias answer to Chinas OBOR India is expediting South Asian SubRegional Economic Cooperation SASEC road connectivity program in the backdrop of Chinas One Belt One Road initiative. Why Aadhaar transaction authentication is like signing a blank paper. Shadow economy struggles under weight of Indias new tax regime. Diplomatic channels between India China have never broken Doval will visit Beijing next week MEA on border dispute. Narendra Modi GST BJP. Two Weeks into Indias Tax Revolution Stock Market Up 6. Extra privileges for foreigners on Indian trains. BITs and pieces of trade with Israel. Despite December deadline government is pushing banks to link Aadhaar to all accounts by August. Smart or dumb The real impact of Indias proposal to build 100 smart cities: [deleted]. The Story of Growing Unemployment in India. SBI sends SMS threatens to block Savings Bank account if aadhaar is not given. Time to close this account.. HPCLONGC merger Birth of an oil giant Six reasons why HPCLONGC deal is important. Indias Banking Vigor Stokes Its Economic Boom. The Gujarat Model Some Facts: [deleted]. India on Wednesday approved a plan to sell the governments stake in state refiner Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd HPCL to explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp ONGC a source said in a bid to create oil giants to compete with global rivals.: [deleted]. Indias 2.5 lakh gram panchayats to be digitally connected. Save Our Science BJP is taking Indias scientific standing to an alltime low. CALLS FOR BOYCOTT CHINESE PRODUCTSCAN INDIA PUT PRESSURE ON CHINESE ECONOMY From the current scenario India should not be banned the Chinese products because for certain reasons we need China more than they need India.. RightToPrivacy Subramanium Sorabjee Divan and Datars arguments on Day 1. Gopalkrishna Gandhi on why India should abolish death penalty. Aadhaar A Pandoras box of legalese and privacy issues. Right To Privacy Is Not Absolute Observes Supreme Court 10 Points. Outgoing RBI Deputy Governor Warns Banks About Excessive Charges. Aadhaar is making people not government more powerful UIDAI chief: [deleted]. Aadhaar is making people not government more powerful UIDAI chief. In an exclusive interview to Moneycontrol UIDAI chief Ajay Bhushan Pandey insists that Aadhaar is no Big Brother ahead of a Supreme Court hearing today on right to privacy.: [deleted]. RBI to release Rs 20 notes in Mahatma Gandhi series soon. Electric taxis autorickshaws on Mumbai roads soon. The Gujarat Model Some Facts: [deleted]. Supreme Court says theres no absolute right to privacy. Ninejudge Supreme Court bench begins hearing on right to privacy. Right To Privacy Is Not Absolute Observes Supreme Court 10 Points. This Is What Modi Did To Indian Economy... The best travel agency in Burma. Privacy a fundamental right Here are 5 concerns with Aadhaar. Panama papers India joins global task force. ISRO ISRO battery to power evehicle project. income tax return Five interest incomes you are likely to forget to include in your tax return. Why a Common Exam for Engineering Admissions Is Not a Good Idea. Stitched up by robots the threat to emerging economies. How many jobs has the economy created Livemint: [deleted]. DCB Bank cuts MCLR rates by up to 0.57 percentage point. Panama papers India discusses tax info exchange with global joint task force to plug evasion. income tax return Five interest incomes you are likely to forget to include in your tax return: [deleted]. Manufacturing sector lowest paid at Rs 211.7 an hour Report. Indias Botched Tax Reform. While India mocked the RBI it received a booster shot to clean up the countrys worst economic mess. Ahead of selloff Air India may offer voluntary retirement to 15000 staffers. 123 Palghar Zilla Parishad schools to be merged. One Tax GST Consumers hailed GST but theres need for awareness. India Eliminated Leprosy 12 Years Ago 79000 New Cases In 6 Months Of 2016 IndiaSpend: [deleted]. Why the eNAM platform hasnt taken off despite all the fanfare. HDFC loan amount drawn is less than original amount: Dear Sir/Madam I have a query. I had applied for total loan amount of INR 4200000 but I have had disbursement for INR 2764000.I wish not to withdraw any more than INR 2764000so I will be returning interest to HDFC on the loan amount of INR 4200000 or on INR 2764000. Please guide. Thanks. Delhi HC notice to GST Council on plea challenging 12 tax on sanitary napkins. GST warp and weft in Surat saris. Indias gross domestic product GDP could rise to about 8 trillion over the next 15 years if the country registers a GDP growth rate of 8 annually and come very close to eliminating abject poverty entirely NITI Aayog vice chairman Arvind Panagariya has said.. Govt of Andhra Pradesh is joining Enterprise Ethereum Alliance: https//entethalliance.org/enterpriseethereumalliancebecomesworldslargestopensourceblockchaininitiative/ This is great IMO. I hope more state governments adopt blockchain technology and not try banning them as the centre was trying to do a few months ago. I am posting this as a self post because mainstream websites still havent catched this news.. Aadhaar debate Privacy is not an elitist concern its the only way to secure equality. Aadhaar case in Supreme Court Your privacy is at stake. Aadhaar case in Supreme Court Your privacy is at stake. The Daily Fix Supreme Court must settle the question of Aadhaar and privacy right away. Privacy is a fundamental right. Indias GDP could rise to about 8 trillion over next 15 years says Arvind Panagariya. PoK Integral Part of India Says Sushma Swaraj While Granting Medical Visa: [deleted]. In Punes IT Companies Forced Resignations Are Becoming Routine. Why it is not so good to be a highly profitable company in the times of GST. Budget slashed for SC/STs Will inclusive growth remain a pipedream for India. Future is tense says SBI study on state finances. Cigarettes to cost more as GST Council okays higher cess rates: [deleted]. BhratNet has missed 3 deadlines while costs have doubled. The rise of small entrepreneurs in India Much of the employment growth in the manufacturing sector has come in small establishments in the tradable sector. Data protection Ministry of electronics and IT seeks help from legal think tank. Jobs facts and fiction India has more formal nonfarm jobs than we think. Creating millions more needs labour education reforms. Want to save on tax Here are deductions you can use while filing ITR Jessica Dsilva. Saving capitalism from capitalists Try harder RBI. While India mocked the RBI it received a booster shot to clean up the countrys worst economic mess. Sebi puts 16 properties of 4 firms for auction to recover Rs 87 crore dues. GST cess on cigarettes increased but prices likely to remain unchanged. Jobs facts and fiction India has more formal nonfarm jobs than we think. Creating millions more needs labour education reforms: [deleted]. Report Bitcoin Wont Be Illegal in India Likely Regulated as a Security. Supreme Courts Constitution bench to hear Aadhaar cases today. New call drop norms in a week spectrum sale paper in August Trai. Open Books Why India needs a library movement: [deleted]. Consumer inflation in June at record low of 1.54 Times of India. After globalisations promise. Sports betting may finally become legal in: [deleted]. RBI pushes Make in India for currency security features. India begins talks for French Jaguar fighters. GST Council approves higher rates of cess for cigarettes. Doklam standoff India should get ready for allout confrontation says Chinese media: India should get ready for an allout confrontation along the entire stretch of the disputed boundary with China the countrys state media said on Tuesday threatening to open up new fronts of conflict on the 3488 km nondemarcated border between the two countries. China isnt afraid to go to war with India and will be ready for a longterm confrontation the Global Times comment piece said. The threat of new geographical points of conflict being opened up along the Line of Actual Control LAC comes amid the Peoples Liberation Army PLA recently carrying out livefire drills in Tibet Autonomous Region TAR close to Arunachal Pradesh claimed by China as part of south Tibet. Read more India rejects malicious Pakistani media report of soldier deaths in Chinese attack The continuing hostile posturing by Chinas statecontrolled media is a crucial aspect of Beijings overall aggressive stand taken on the ongoing military impasse at Donglang across the Sikkim border. China can take further countermeasures along the Line of Actual Control LAC. If India stirs up conflicts in several spots it must face the consequence of an allout confrontation with China along the entire LAC the nationalistic tabloid Global Times said in a comment piece on Tuesday. China doesnt advocate and tries hard to avoid a military clash with India but China doesnt fear going to war to safeguard sovereignty either and will make itself ready for a longterm confrontation it added. Affiliated to the Communist Party of China CPC mouthpiece Peoples Daily the Global Times has been on the forefront of Chinese medias editorial attack on India. Its battleplan is short and simple obfuscate New Delhis points of view on the current impasse and peddle Chinas deliberately onesided view of the situation. Ads by ZINC Read more Sikkim standoff India cannot afford to allow China to change the status quo Opinion China should keep calm about Indias rise work on growth Chinese media For one the GT article claimed that since the 1962 war it is only India that has provoked China along the border conveniently not mentioning the incursions made by the PLAs border troops over the decades. The 3500kilometer border has never been short of disputes. Since the 1962 border war the Indian side has repeatedly made provocations. China must be prepared for future conflicts and confrontation. China can take further countermeasures along the Line of Actual Control LAC wrote GTs Duo Mu in the newspaper. If India plans to devote more resources in the border area then so be it. China can engage in a competition with India over economic and military resources deployment in the border area the newspaper wrote. The article mentioned Chinas superior military and economic infrastructure in the SinoIndia border region and how thats an advantage. With growing national strength China is capable of deploying resources in remote border areas. It is conducive to the economic growth of these regions as well as to safeguarding integration of Chinas territory. Road and rail in the Tibetan area have been extended close to the border area with India Nepal and Bhutan. Its a competition of military strength as well as a competition of overall economic strength it said. Read more Cold quiet and tense Last village before Doklam lives in fear of IndiaChina row China says no room for negotiations on Sikkim standoff with India The author said in China there are voices calling for the Indian troops to be expelled immediately to safeguard the countrys sovereignty while Indian public opinion is clamoring for war with China. However the two sides need to exercise restraint and avoid the current conflict spiraling out of control. China has blamed India for the ongoing Donglang Doklam impasse accusing Indian soldiers of trespass and preventing Chinese soldiers from building a road in the region which is also claimed by Bhutan. Beijing wants India to withdraw its troops from Donglang before the two sides can open talks. New Delhi says the road if built will have serious security implications for India.. GST brings pain paperwork to Indias online sellers. Make transparency a patriotic duty: [deleted]. Womens Clothing Manufacturer eShakti from India anyone able to provide more information/opinions on their work conditions and pay for their labourers: [deleted]. Geologists strike Millions of tonnes of seabed gold in India that can change the future and industry of the subcontinent. Interactive Map Most of 145 Districts Where Population Bomb is Exploding are From UP Bihar MP. India 132nd Out of 152 Countries For Commitment to Reducing Inequality Index Between RichPoor. Prime Minister Washes Off His Hands From The Crimes Of The Cow Vigilantes. Gujarat Contractors on strike from Sunday against GST. GST Blues. Punjab sports industry in despondency. Employment of over 1.5 lakh workers in the state at stake. Plywood manufacturers to shut down units from July 14 over GST. Indian media amp entertainment industry to touch 34.8 billion in 2021 EY report. Apps added Rs 1.4 lakh crore to Indias GDP in 201516 Study. Indias trade deficit narrows to USD 13 billion in June. Kerala Announces Labour Policy Minimum Wage to be Rs 600 per day. Low Prices Delayed Payments and Pests Are Pushing Western UPs Sugarcane Farmers Into Crisis. The tuktuk or auto rickshaw a trafficdodging staple on the streets of India is starting to make its way across Africa. Indian manufacturer Atul has assembly plants across the African continent and is promoting it as an economical transport alternative.: [deleted]. Mega oil PSU ONGCHPCL deal not done yet but heres governments next big merger move. Gujarat HC turns down Essar Steels bad loan plea in big win for banks. Offices must have creche for employees kids with effect from 01st July Labour Ministry. Offices must have crche with effect from 01st July 2017 Labour Ministry: [deleted]. No Relief For Essar Steel In Bankruptcy Case. India follows Chinas path to factory power Global Times. For white elephant Air India Rs 10 crore in savings from nonveg is just bananas. Nonperformance IT dept transfers 245 commissioners Times of India. Extending Elons logic India only needs 80Km X 80Km of Solar panels to generate all its energy needs 0.5 of Rajasthan. New inspector raj threatens to cut short Indias GST party states may play spoilsport too. India Has A Massive Inequality Problem And It Isnt Doing Enough To Fix It. New Oxfam report ranks India near the bottom of the global heap. June 16/19 1977 Forty Years Ago Language Matters. The Commissioner for Linguistic Minorities has regretted that many state governments are insisting on the knowledge of the regional language at the time of recruitment to state services.. Rs 1402680000000 Indias Agrarian Import Bill for 201516. Ministerled panel on cow urine to meet: [deleted]. Union Science and Technology Minister to head panchgavya panel with RSS VHP members: [deleted]. India gearing up for 5G may lead global users by 2022 with N. America Sinha. Urjit Patel RBI skips releasing balance sheet for the week ended June 30 for first time ever. India at risk of losing Nepal transit trade to China. Nonperformance IT dept transfers 245 commissioners. IndiaUSJapans Malabar naval exercise is a message giftwrapped for China. Job growth to trip on GST demonetisation. HP GST HP hikes prices of multifunction printers cartridges by up to 15. GST to trigger a shift to unorganised usedcar market. Prices of used cars moved up due to a 2033 increase in tax in comparison to the preGST levels. GST has spiked price burden on small biz informal workers CITU. Gujarat Contractors on strike from Sunday against GST. The indefinite strike could ground state governments projects worth Rs 50000 crore.. Textile industry has suffered loss of Rs 40000 crore due to protests against GST claim traders. GST makes trips to Andaman JampK dearer. Can Hindutva politics deliver economic growth: [deleted]. Govt. panel to study cow derivatives: [deleted]. How China beats India hollow in trade and dominates Indian homes markets and economy. Jan Dhan account Jan Dhan deposits surge to Rs 64564 crore. Govt sets up panel including RSS VHP members for research on benefits of cow: [deleted]. India is the biggest creator in USA and supports thousands of companies. Indian companies are among top employer in USA. How come still Trumph say India is stealing jobs. Solar power drives financial inclusion in remote areas. Jan Dhan account Jan Dhan deposits surge to Rs 64564 crore: [deleted]. Now astrologers will diagnose patients in Madhya Pradesh. How India Beats China At Trade. 14 years in jail if you kill cow 2 if you kill people Judge in BMW case. More Public Money For Education In 6 Large Poor States But Little Progress In Learning. Indias Ambitious New Energy Policy Draft Tries To Bridge Dreams And Reality. Panama papers How about making Andaman a tax haven. Centres proposal to states Enact your own Aadhaar Acts too. Why India Isnt Really Acting East in Myanmar: [deleted]. Countries where Indian rupee is more valuable. Hail GST. 16 new bills listed in monsoon session of Parliament. The Economic Mantra Behind Aaps Health Initiatives Satyender Jain in Conversation with Arvind Jha. US House Passes 600 Bn Defence Bill to Intensify Ties With India.. Apps added Rs 1.4 lakh crore to Indias GDP in 201516 Study Times of India. Trade deficit widens to 12.95 billion almost 5 billion more than last year. Kerala Announces Labour Policy Minimum Wage to be Rs 600 per day. Top countries contributing to FDI inflow into India. Please my fellow Indians stop buying Gold for the sake of our country and its Economy.: I want to request Every Indian we are poor country importing high value Gold is terrible for the country. Please stop it we get nothing out of importing the material with Billions of every year. Please explain to your wife/sister/mother/relative or even men wearing Gold that... Remember we are poor country buying extremely costly material which serves no purpose other than pride and imagined status in the name of backward/old tradition.. Data from 14 major States show that economic growth has bypassed most of the poor children in the country. India gets G20 praise on startup funding labour reforms ease of doing business. Central bank liquidity withdrawal Shortterm uncertainty can be longterm opportunity. NRIs foreign bank accounts under income tax lens TOI. India said to mull monitoring digital currencies to track money laundering terror funding. Govt is considering tracking digital currencies like bitcoin through the RBI Sebi along with intelligence agencies to monitor money laundering terror funding. No GST on sale of old gold jewellery cars by individuals clarifies govt. India trade deficit narrows to 13 billion in June. What are the tax exemption limits for allowances reimbursements paid to employees Find out. Indias Ambitious New Energy Policy Draft Tries To Bridge Dreams And Reality. GST With less than a fortnight under GST here is how companies are already trying to game the system. Onetime settlement by defaulters may rise in next few months. State anthem likely to be made mandatory in all schools in Karnataka: [deleted]. Layoff blues Techies plan protest on August 5 in Bengaluru. What are the tax exemption limits for allowances reimbursements paid to employees Find out: [deleted]. Concerned Chinese Media India must think whether they want to be Enemy after Malabar drill. Centre mulls jammers in schools to prevent access to porn sites. Internetbased app services in India to contribute Rs 18 lakh crore by 2020. Jobless growth Amid claims of rising unemployment NITI Aayog blames faulty government data. Left Right Centre Is CBI the handmaiden of the government The Hindu. Weed out tax evaders from smaller cities CBDT tells Income Tax Dept Jessica Dsilva. India said to mull monitoring digital currencies to track money laundering terror funding: [deleted]. IRDAI issues new norms for mediclaim policies. Paris climate dreams as India stays real. Why India must have a new textile policy. On this day 225 years ago in 1793 With a single stroke 30 Million Peasants in Bihar Jharkhand Bengal Odisha and Bangladesh were condemned to generations of serfdom and bonded labour.: [removed]. Noida 16 private schools get notice over empty RTE quota. Hi I have stayed away from India since 2009 for studies and work. How do you think India has changed in that many years: Hey I am an international student in US from Gujarat. Yes I am. Moving on. I want to know how has the system updated with the technological shift around internet of things. Do people still recharge from panwalas People still have to wait in line for banks or online banking has arrived How is road and transport Are people still fighting in the name of religion I read about those jackasses who killed someone due to beef what the fuck I have visited India twice since 2009. And it has been fucking expensive. How are people coping up with this Also how do you like the Prime Minister. Income Tax News Income Tax eFiling IT Returns filing Income Tax Return File Guide Examples Efiling Process Jessica Dsilva. WPI inflation falls to 0.9 in June from 2.17 in May. SBI makes online money transfer cheaper cuts NEFT and RTGS charges. From this year Kannada is compulsory in all schools: [deleted]. Aadhaar mandatory for school kids too. What are the tax exemption limits for allowances reimbursements paid to employees Find out: [deleted]. With less than a fortnight under GST here is how companies are already trying to game the system: [deleted]. We need a newer energy policySHASHI THAROOR. At 300 billion India wants to spend as much as Saudi Arabia to quench its thirst for oil. 18 GST in NonAC Restaurant: A few days ago our team went for a team outing to a terrace restaurant. The ambience and food was good though by virtue of being an openair space there was no AC. We were charged 18 GST. We told them about the discrepancy and called the manager. The manager explained that his CAs had set it up for them and hence it couldnt be wrong. He then said that it is a Grade 1 restaurant and that Grades were independent of AC facilities. We even showed him a newspaper article clearing stating the rates for AC and NonAC restaurants. We didnt argue further since it was already pretty late and were in a hurry to leave. However we did ask him to bring this to the notice of the owners/CA/whoever is responsible. Now my question is is there a way to report such businesses We understand its a new law and businesses are also just learning about it but this is cheating of the end consumer. Edit As many have pointed out the restaurant did have a small portion that was cooled. I guess thats why the 18. However more clarity from the manager on this would definitely have been useful. A TIL for me. Thanks to all who replied Also isnt it unfair though . In a first Mumbai civic body to incorporate students ideas while framing polices. India to become largest milk producer in 2026 Report. Centre asks states to submit Aadhaar data of school children by Aug 31. UIDAI asks banks to open Aadhaar enrolment centres on premises. Inflation conundrum on the record low retail inflation. India ranks 116 out of 157 nations on SDG index. India Inc off to gloomy start in first quarter of 201718 financial year due to GST worries. PMO asks DoPT to prepare outlines for lateral entry into civil services. Air India union to protest govts privatisation move on 18 July. No GST on sale of old gold jewellery vehicles by individuals. GST fee spells trouble for traffic cops. Govt set to revise fiscal framework by yearend Livemint. Turbulence ahead. Amma canteens set to dwindle. Global Markets Grains India to Import Wheat While Exporting Ample Rice. Card payments hit record Rs70000 crore on the back of note ban SBI. Speech by Foreign Secretary in Singapore to mark 25 years of IndiaSingapore Partnership. Indias Inflation Falls To Record Lows RBI Rates Cuts Might Be Some Time Though. What are the tax exemption limits for allowances reimbursements paid to employees Find out: [deleted]. Sensex hits 32K for the first time ever Nifty nears 9900 Whats fuelling this rally: [deleted]. With less than a fortnight under GST here is how companies are already trying to game the system: [deleted]. Abolishing FIPB Hasnt Solved Underlying Flaws with Indias Investment Approval Process. Digital Economy Of India Offers Greatest Market Potential Globally HBR. Indias Oil Demand Growth Cools Even as Motor Fuel Use Expands. NGT Notice to 35 Thermal Plants for Failing to Install Online Monitoring System. US fights for Net Neutrality What can I do as an Indian: As you might be aware US citizens had chosen 12th July 2017 to fight for Net Neutrality. What I would like to know is can we help them in any way And what can we do in India so that we are prepared for the snowball effect incase US looses the fight. Incase you are wondering why we should help them it is a fact that the world follows USs especially India. So a win for them is a win for us but we may still have to fight our own battles.. Why Air India is an attractive bet for IndiGo in 4 charts. How India is Playing its Indian Ocean Ace Card A closer look at New Delhis renewed focus on the Andamans.. Aadhaar hearing on July 1819 Constitution bench to hear challenges including privacy. Sensex closes above 32000mark for first time Nifty rallies too Times of India. Chief Economic Adviser Arvind subramanian statement on the latest CPI inflation and Index of Industrial Production IIP data.: [deleted]. Why Indias partillicit love affair with gold will sizzle on: [deleted]. For Indias Marginalised Urban Populace Reproductive Healthcare a Distant Dream: [deleted]. India is making good progress in smart cities mission Charles Sevior. Low manufacturing output pulls down IIP growth to 1.7 percent in May. CBI raids 23 locations books senior IT commissioner seizes Rs 3.5 cr Jessica Dsilva. NEFT and RTGS charges slashed by 75 percent by State Bank of India: [deleted]. Fee on IMPS transactions under Rs 1000 removed by SBI. Indias Botched Tax Reform: [deleted]. Cabinet approves highway linking Manipur with Myanmar. With less than a fortnight under GST here is how companies are already trying to game the system: [deleted]. NGT bans dumping of waste within 500 metres of Ganga orders Rs 50000 fine on those who violate rules. Narendra Modi pushes for 3D construction technology to speed up housing mission. Trai issues draft design of public WiFi network system. CPI at 1.54 below RBI comfort zone. Benefits Of Ending Child Marriage Early Birth Indias Annual Higher Education Budget. India modernising nuclear arsenal with eye on China US experts. GST With less than a fortnight under GST here is how companies are already trying to game the system: [deleted]. Farm loan waiver India will pay for giving in to populism: [deleted]. India needs strong directly elected mayors: [deleted]. Business StandardSmart Cities After 2 years only 6.3 of projects under implementation. CCEA clears widening of ManipurMyanmar highway stretch. France Medias awesome report on Indias biggest tax reform GST and Modi governments biggest achievement. Incentivising financial sector cybersecurity. ImphalMoreh highway in Manipur to be widened. Inflation at new low govt takes dig at RBI for not cutting rates. India Gold Imports Surge To 5 Year High 220 Tons In May Alone. Population rise at root of Indias troubles says advocacy group [np]. Kerala airports handle more international passengers than domestic: [deleted]. 7.28 crore got selfemployed Amit Shah answers jobless growth critics: [deleted]. Indias retail inflation eases to 1.54 per cent in June. Two years of Mudra Gains for small business but new players struggle amid fears of NPA rise. In India Amazon censors Prime videos Google bans ads for erotica and Tinder suggests getting parental approval for dates.. India building natural gas trading hub Dharmendra Pradhan. How Essar Steels legal challenge can scupper Modis move on NPAs. Retail inflation cools to record low in June factory output shrinks in May. Indias economy will stay ahead of Chinas for nearly another decade says a Harvard study. In a first government will seek your inputs on Indias new Telecom policy. Maharashtra government finishing work on bill to allow Mumbai shops to stay open throughout night. Banks dump 15 billion bonds in India tugofwar with foreigners. GST Calendar 2017: Heres your GST Calendar for the year 2017. Keep track of all your dates for GST Returns.. Indias Medical Community Must Aid Not Impede Law on PreNatal Diagnostics. Aadhaar also excluding senior citizens at the time they need their entitlements most. GST eats into restaurant business sales down 25. GST Impact Is your restaurant overcharging you in the name of GST Learn how to decode the bill. Aadhaar privacy issue Supreme Courts 5judge Constitution Bench to hear case on 18 July. Indias capital is running out of water and its not due to a lack of resources. CEONiti Aayog Amitabh Kant Indias biggest development challenge improving nutrition levels. UP Bihar amp MP r critical.A look at worst performing States/ Districts.: [deleted]. India gives Rs 3.2 crore aid to Philippines in fight against ISIS. Modis India Beats Xis China: [deleted]. No GST on free food supplied by temples mosques churches gurudwaras Jessica Dsilva. India oil demand growth cools even as motor fuel use expands. Hyderabad Metro to Have Signboards in Telugu English Hindi And Urdu. How Essar Steels legal challenge can scupper governments boldest move on bad loans. Aadhaar case Constitution Bench hearing on 18 19 July. Are hotels eateries overcharging you How to get the math right Jessica Dsilva. How ClearTax has made tax filing really easy Jessica Dsilva. Why India must have a new textile policy. Future is tense says SBI study on state finances. Government ropes in Deloitte to rank states on logistics. Global roots of rural distress A sustained period of low global food prices is a risk to domestic prices too. UPs electricity quest may hold the key to Indian power sector revival. How Bengaluru Metro is adding wings to the citys startup dreams xpost r/bangalore. Surat Textile Traders to Continue Indefinite Strike Against GST. UP Budget Yogi Adityanaths budget gives fillip to central schemes. MEET THE TOP 5 YOUTUBE MILLIONAIRES 2016: No. 5 tie Rosanna Pansino 6 million Rosanna Pansino has the nerdiest baking channel on YouTube and also the most popular of any baking channel on the platform period. No. 4 Smosh 7 million Smosh is a comedy duo consisting of YouTube veterans Ian Hecox and Anthony Padilla. Smosh was one of the first YouTube sensations becoming well known for the duos slapstick comedy videos that parody video games and pop culture. No. 3 Lilly Singh 7.5 million Lilly Singh does everything from comedy sketches to music videos on her onewoman YouTube channel. Singh also has a YouTube star nickname Superwoman and a rabid fan base. No. 2 Roman Atwood 8 million Roman Atwoods prankfilled YouTube channel almost seems more inline with the humor youd typically see from Vine stars. No. 1 PewDiePie 15 million Felix Arvid Ulf Kjelberg is a foulmouthed Swedish videogame commentator who has absolutely dominated YouTube over the past few years. Kjelbergs videos show him playing various video games while a box in the top corner of the screen shows his reactions to what is happening. Many factors his success to the attention he pays to his fans Kjelberg spends lots of time talking about their fans answering their questions in the YouTube comments section and forming a social community of bros. Kjelberg however has said he will delete his massively popular YouTube channel on Friday December 9 at 500 p.m. GMT after hitting 50 million subscribers. No one knows precisely why but well see if he does it.. ELI5 Clarification on GST rates for resto. Internal insecurity Amid growing challenges within India misses a modern security apparatus strategic vision longterm plan: [deleted]. The 10 billion Deal IDFCShriram Mega Merger. No GST exemption for ingredients used for making prasadam langar food. Malabar exercise We are setting a great example says US: [deleted]. Why do Indians resist paying taxes Whatsapp Forward: Why do Indians resist paying taxes Interesting thoughts on why Indian resist paying taxes in an open letter to the Prime Minister. Forwarded as received Dear Modiji This is what we honest citizens feel about our Governments Central and State... On behalf of professionals amp businessmen I am sending you some facts .. Please try to understand. We are not doing Tax Chori... this is tax saving a bit of evading too. This is to ensure security of our family kids and their future for any adversity. 1. We bought Generators/Inverter in our houses because Govt. failed to provide constant electricity. 2. We installed submersible pumps because Govt. failed to provide water. 3. We hired own security guards because Govt. failed to provide security. 4. We send our kids to private schools because Govt failed to provide good education in public schools. 5. We headed for private hospitals to avail proper care and treatment because Govt. failed to provide good public hospitals. 6. We bought cars because Govt. failed to provide good transportation. Finally.. what the tax payer gets in return at the retirement when he needs most to survive Nothing no social security. But instead all his hard earned income resource is used by Government to distribute subsidies and freebies in the name of welfare schemes among masses to buy free votes to those who dont pay any taxes. Above all what Govt do with our tax money Open courtswhich do not give judgement. Open police station which works for politicians only and not protect citizens. Open hospital which do not treat us well. Build roads wherein 40100 of money spent goes in vain due to corruption. Endless list.... Like western democracies if Indian Government could provide all the above why would anyone save taxes We all know that the major tax revenues collected from us are consumed by Government officials and politicians billions of dollars are lying in foreign banks. A manufacturer works at a margin of between 2 to 10 whereas government needs 30 of his income to cover its expenditure. How fair it is all Thats the reason no one wants to pay taxes. We save taxes for our necessities family for our old age for our safety security and this phenomenon is the sign of failure of Government in discharging its own functions fairly and efficiently. Government alone is responsible for this. But on the other hand... We challenge that if Govt announces that Rs.1000 crore is required for Indian Army or floods or earthquake victims The same amount will be deposited within couple of days by these Tax Savers only. We will come forward with open hearts. My dear friends If you agree with this opinion please forward this until the Government realizes. We shall not only forward this but now time has come we all shall discuss and put this view openly/strongly/boldly through all associations. Circulate this message as widely amp briskly as possible so that the Government is compelled to at least pay cognisance for our common good.. So hurry ladies and gentlemen. India Supreme Court suspends cattle slaughter ban: [deleted]. Nearly 67 crore bank accounts seeded with Aadhaar IT minister. GST Network helpdesk gets 10000 calls per day. Can KFC charge you GST for Packaging: [deleted]. China Boycott of Chinese goods How it wont help India but can harm China. GST rate on sanitary napkins fixed at 12. http//www.livemint.com/Industry/2Y4RRe0XaJmVduujmsDdXL/GSTrateonsanitarynapkinsfixedat12.html: [deleted]. Indias Power Surge A Paradox of Plenty. SC suspends Centres ban on trade in cattle for slaughter: [deleted]. Rare Chat With Paul Krugman amp Arundhati Bhattacharya Part 1. Commercial rental income beyond Rs 20 lakh to attract GST says Hasmukh Adhia. US firm admits to paying 1.1 milion bribe to NHAI. Malabar exercise We are setting a great example says US: [deleted]. Highincome taxpayers to get priority treatment and extra facilities. HighIncome Taxpayers to get priority treatment. Malabar exercise We are setting a great example says US: [deleted]. GST gives a shot in the arm to personal weapons industry. India Incs debt dynamics. Right to Information or Right to Intimidation. Modis way to monitor infrastructure work i.e drones: Prime minister Narendra Modi has asked to use modern technology like Drones Geo tagging for monitoring infrastructure projects. Main focus is to implementation of this way is only strict timeline.The directive came last week during a marathon review meeting taken by the PM of key infrastructure sectors including roads railways airports ports digital and coal. The key issue debated in the meeting was how to further strengthen monitoring and evaluation mechanism to ensure projects are completed on time and to ensure quality of construction by using the latest technology . Officially PM stated that UAVs and drones to be used to monitor highway projects and also to check illegal mining in coal sector.. TIL that between 20002005 total employment gain was over 92.7 million. And between 20052010 total employment gain was 2.2 million. Source in comments.. New app for income tax payers. Bill to double taxfree gratuity to Rs 20 lakh in monsoon session. A new emphasis on gainful employment in India McKinsey Global Institute. EPFO enrols 82 lakh new subscribers under Employees Enrolment Campaign 2017. Indias Forex Reserves Jump By 100 Billion In Four Years. Government gives big fiscal stimulus in AprilMay 2017. GST basics 7 misconceptions cleared: [deleted]. India and Israels Cyber Security Partnership Could be a Potential Game Changer. GST to Make Golden Temples Langar Rs 10 Cr More Expensive. What exactly are the laws regarding service charge in restaurants: From what I gathered online government has said that restaurants cannot slap service charge on the customers. It is completely up to the customer to choose to pay service charge or not. And that you can move to consumer courts in case restaurants demand service charge. On the other hand National Restaurant Association of India says these are only guidelines issued by the government and not laws. And hence restaurants charging service tax are doing nothing illegal. So what exactly is the situation. Indian bitcoin startups wait for govt to wave the flag: [deleted]. Railways to install barcoded automatic flap gates at stations. Delhi govt to start online RTI portal. Pay hike for college teachers after a decade 8 lakh staff to get raise. Its official Indian banks health will worsen: [deleted]. MRP other details must for items sold online from 2018 Govt. GST Rates Finder App Launched to Help You Verify Correctness of GST Charged: [deleted]. Delhi May Soon Ban Shared Cab Rides: [deleted]. G20 Summit 2017 India gets G20 praise on ease of doing business startup funding labour reforms. Gurgaon NCR construction sites fined Rs1.5cr since January for pollution.. India new global growth pole to keep lead over China Harvard. Its official Indian banks health will worsen RBIs financial stability report warns that the banking systems gross bad loan ratio will rise to 10.2 of the total loan book in March 2018 from 9.6 in March 2017. Formal jobs in India may be more than estimated. Why private investments continue to be sluggish in India. Is the Swachh Bharat Mission succeeding. G20 Summit 2017 India gets G20 praise on ease of doing business startup funding labour reforms: [deleted]. IndiaNSG bid NSG bid India trying to join Wassenaar Arrangement and Australia group: [deleted]. G20 Summit 2017 India gets G20 praise on ease of doing business startup funding labour reforms: [deleted]. GST impact Airlines cab aggregators grapple with higher lease payouts. Ola and Uber as well as its drivers are facing almost double the taxes on leasing under the GST. DoT insists on GPS in feature phones prices may rise by 30 per cent. India to be fastestgrowing economy till 2025 at annual growth of 7.7 surpasses China as economic pole study. After Fadnavis narrow escape Maharashtra government suspends helicopter travel for VIPs. 149 temples under GST purview in Telangana. Even Google has updated to GST. [NP]. Millions Of Dollars Can Be Saved By India Inc Through HR Technologies Experts. Indian Railways to install barcoded flap gates at stations. India Surpasses China Becomes New Global Economic Growth Pole Harvard Study. GST As companies seek a way out of GST maze a Delhi family finds itself in unprecedented demand: [deleted]. India new global growth pole to keep lead over China Harvard. Remove barriers reduce subsidies to open up trade says Christine Lagarde. Sex toys drones among hundreds of parcels detained by customs Times of India. Ten years of Forest Rights Act Maharashtra tops in implementation but credit goes to one district. India will feature on top of the list of the fastest growing economies till 2025 says this Harvard Study.. Education to go digital with Swayam Times of India. Waiting for lifesaving surgery in government hospitals Get free treatment in private Kejriwal. Flying in and out of Delhis IGI airport to get much cheaper. Heres how. Does disorder comfort Indians Indians seem to have devised romantic notions about their love for disorder to camouflage what really torments them in the developed world the collapse of street social hierarchy: [deleted]. GST As companies seek a way out of GST maze a Delhi family finds itself in unprecedented demand: [deleted]. Delhi May Soon Ban Shared Cab Rides NDTV.com. Fifth column Wisdom in a dark time. Government Gives 4 Mega Projects Crucial For Indias Future To IIT Kharagpur. Enforcing zero liability norms will be challenging Banks. Indias Electricity Transmission and Distribution Losses stand at staggering 18. No the Law Commission has not recommended mandatory linking of Aadhaar to marriage registration. GST Rates How a single clause in GST shows the Indian state at its worst. India Incs investment growth hits 25year low. Fresh investments by corporates up just 5.8 in FY17 lowest since 1992. The GST rules about input credit are illogical capricious and arbitrary: If work for a company and take a business class flight your company can claim input credit for the GST on your flight ticket. If you take an economy class flight they cannot. If you take a cab they cannot. This makes no sense whatsoever. Modiji rightly said we need CAs to work like lawyers worked during independence or whatever. These rules make no sense. We are going to need more CAs and from them we need Hardwork not Harvard. . The GST rules about input credit are illogical: [deleted]. GST Rate Finder App launched to help you check the new rate on your purchase on the go..: [deleted]. Here is how traders are avoiding tax post GST in India. Net direct tax collection rises 14.8 to Rs1.42 trillion in June quarter. India likely to raise sugar import tax to 50 percent source. GST advantages amp disadvantages after one week Plus amp minus of Indias biggest tax reform. 40000 cloth artisans in Ludhiana stare at job loss as they fall out of GST chain. GST news ColgatePalmolive cuts prices of toothpaste toothbrush by 9 per cent: [deleted]. GST Rates How a single clause in GST shows the Indian state at its worst: [deleted]. India emerging as frontrunner in fight against climate change World Bank. Markets soars 439 points for week gives thumpsup to GST. G20 meeting India is poorest country of all top 20 Economies we are there just because of our population size. and other G20 stats.: If per capita is considered India would not even make top 120 countries we are purely there because of large population G20 constitutes 80 of Global GDP and 2/3 of world Population of which China India and US make up 80 of population amp 41 GDP. India has 3 of World GDP 18 World population USA has 24 World GDP 5 World Population China has 14 World GDP 19 of World population. GST Rates Finder An Official App To Find Out GST Rates Download. G20 meeting India is poorest country of all top 20 Economies we are there just because of our population size. and other G20 stats.: [deleted]. [xpost from r/documentaries] Pooping on the beach in India: [deleted]. GST on Real Estate 7 things you should know. G20 meeting India is poorest country of all top 20 Economies we are there just because of our population size. and other G20 stats.: [deleted]. India to enter Navigation Technology Market with IRNSS Better than GPS. GST Impact Prices Of Supercars Go Down By Over 1 Crore In India. EC awaits Supreme Courts permission to resume linking of Aadhaar with voters Icard. Medical admission Students upset as Punjab govt doubles reservation for Backward Classes. Threat to free speech in India Indias raucous democracy is becoming more subdued.. Threat to free speech in India Indias raucous democracy is becoming more subdued.. how is India the 2nd largest economy but has the lowest per capita income in g20: [deleted]. A Tangled Web in the Himalayas: [deleted]. We Dont Monitor Deaths We Monitor Adverse Events Says Government on Deaths After Vaccination: [deleted]. Cattle survey to begin in September: [deleted]. 7th Pay Commission proposal on allowances notified by Centre salary revision effective from July. The real lessons of the July 1997 Asian crisis Livemint. Why the RBI wants a Public Credit Registry with Aadhaar and CIN linkage. No the Law Commission has not recommended mandatory linking of Aadhaar to marriage registration: [deleted]. Aadhaar case SC refuses interim order asks parties to call for constitution bench. Flight ticket prices to drop sharply as govt enforces Delhi tariff. Indias bond market is raising red flag on farm loan waivers. Print postGST rates on items or go to jail government warns traders. Inside Chandrababu Naidus plan to make Andhra Pradesh a sunrise state. N. Chandrababu Naidus Sunrise Andhra PradeshVision 2029 aims to make the state Indias most developed overcoming the legacy issues that came with the creation of Telangana. Outdated codes The struggles of a modernizer: [deleted]. Murder most foul polluted Indian river reported dead despite living entity status: [deleted]. Sell Air India for one rupee Right now its a giant black hole relentlessly sucking in taxpayer money. Mobile app GST Rates Finder is available on android platform and will soon be available on iOS platform.. IT layoffs Anand Mahindras apology brings IT layoffs in spotlight. PM Narendra Modi seals 7 big MoUs with Israel What are they How will they help India Tel Aviv. GST Does government want us to eat donkey meat and other questions. G20 meeting India is poorest country of all top 20 Economies we are there just because of our population size. and other G20 stats.: [deleted]. Has 70 Years Of Redistribution From Rich States To Poor States Worked. G20 meeting India is poorest country of all top 20 Economies we are there just because of our population size. and other G20 stats.: [deleted]. Aadhaar Mandatory not mandatory mandatory not mandatory. Is Aadhaar a Card and Who Can Mandate the Use of UID. Aadhaar Kafkas ghost has come back to haunt us. Know about the format of new GST Identification Number GSTIN.. Need help with import rates after GST: Some expert there who can tell me how fucked I am after GST I have ordered scale models PVC from Japan costing INR 6025. Can anyone tell me what will be the rates on them HSN code 95030090 Link to the [figure]http//slist.amiami.com/top/detail/detailgcodeFIGURE027918amppagetop2Fsearch2Flist3Fskeywords3DRem24ssortkey3Dreleasedatea24pagemax3D1524getcnt3D024pagecnt3D1 Estimated upper limit on cost with shipping INR 9000 Edit added more details. Marriage records may soon have to be linked to Aadhaar. The Law Commission has recommended that marriage records should be compulsorily linked to the 12digit Unique Identification Number as part of efforts to curb marriagerelated crimes.. Aadhaar has reduced India to a concentration camp Petitioners.. After central railway 5 Mumbai metro stations to get Re. 1 clinics from August 15. Its Friday Night Can you send me a picture of the taxes on your bottle of alcohol/bill at the bar: Im conducting research on effective tax rates on alcohol across Indian states and looking for as many data points as possible. I know I can go through the excise duty rates for each state but the taxation system is quite complex and documents hard to come by. If youve come across similar research or have clarity of the tax system in your state would appreciate it if you reach out to me with the details.. Bihar UP push India towards becoming worlds most populated country Indias population to surpass that of China by 2024 says UN report. India is projected to have the fastest growing economy of any G20 country for 2017 with expected growth around 7.. A cartoon in a Chinese daily. India is projected to have the fastest growing economy of any G20 country for 2017 with expected growth around 7.: [deleted]. Remembering the Indian soldiers who helped liberate Jerusalem Israel News Online. Indias quest for armed drones. India is projected to have the fastest growing economy of any G20 country for 2017 with expected growth around 7.: [deleted]. Condoms Advice For Couples Soon In Wedding Gift From UP Government. Obor can lead to economic colonialism. India is back at top of domestic air travel growth chart globally IATA. [Showerthought] Itd be great if we had a government that was economically right wing and socially left wing.. Govt to introduce new product pricing rules that bar sales over MRP. 7th Pay Commission notified Minimum HRA fixed for different city categories. Important for 100s of Millions of farmers Distributions of rainfall during June 1 to June 30 2017. Supreme Court Stays IIT Admissions Counselling Over IITJEE Advanced Grace Marks Controversy.. Supreme Court stays IIT admissions counselling over IITJEE Advanced Grace Marks controversy. [NP]: [deleted]. IndiaIsrael Pacts worth 4.3 bn inked at IndiaIsrael CEO forum Ficci. Tamil Nadu amp Maharashtra To Have Their Own Taxes Outside GST Centre Approves. NARENDRA MODI A real common indian mans Prime Minister. Farmer Make crop insurance scheme more effective Supreme Court tells Modi government. India officials trek through villages to map rising joblessness Livemint. CJI governors should come under RTI SC. Bank credit contracts in AprilMay in worst performance in last five years. GST Consumer goods firms in a fix over MRP sticker rules. Now government wants you to give up rail fare subsidy. Indias largest selling rice brand is now a zerotax product Livemint. Govt bans practice of dual MRP at airports malls. India can tout a big reform but not yet reformers Livemint. Indias largest selling rice brand is now a zerotax product. How did GST change your shopping bill Heres a tracker. Important for 100s of Millions of farmers Distributions of rainfall during June 1 to June 30 2017: [deleted]. With GST make in India may soon become make in China. SC asks Election Commission Why it Cant Use VVPAT Machines in Gujarat Elections. Watch Dairy farmers in Gujarat spill hundreds of liters of milk on highway to demand loan waiver. Gujarat group cries for loan waiver spills milk. Govt bans practice of dual MRP at airports malls: [deleted]. Fixing Indias Economic Diplomacy To successfully defend its economic interests in the 21st century India must rethink its approach.. Net income tax collection rises 14.8 per cent to Rs 1.42 lakh crore in Q1. Government bans practice of dual MRP at airports malls: [deleted]. Compensate customers for online frauds RBI tells banks. Denied Aadhaar Divyang boy crawls for disability pension: [deleted]. Insurance Companies Collected Huge Premiums From Farmers but Failed to Pay Claims. A closer look at the government crop insurance schemes shows that they have been of little help to distressed farmers.. Newly weds to get condoms as shagun from UP govt: [deleted]. Now government wants you to give up rail fare subsidy The Economic Times. Govt to set up skill development centres for minority youth. Telecom spend driving Indias external storage market IDC. India strengthening health system to achieve SDGs Nadda. India saving huge cost with energy efficient LEDs fans and tube lights. Uttar Pradesh govt to gift condoms contraceptives as shagun to newly weds. We just began moving towards ideal GST Debroy. RBI notifies norms to limit liability of consumers hit by transaction fraud. Bengaluru How the Mughals sold Bengaluru for Rs 3 lakh 330 years ago. Top Universities in India 2017 Indian University Ranking. Ominous Arrests Point At Imminent Rule Of The Outlaw In Uttar Pradesh. India and Israel ink 7 deals: [deleted]. Discoms save Rs 12000 crore interest outgo after states take over debt. Slowing inflation restrains Indias robust growth record. India Israel expand cooperation from defense to science agriculture and technology. 110 light utility helicopters to be manufactured under Make in India Report. Made an error File your revised tax returns within stipulated timeline. Aadhaar gets praise at global forum for financial inclusion. G20 meeting India is poorest country of all top 20 Economies we are there just because of our population size: [deleted]. Importance of being simple. PANAadhaar linkages is about 7.36 crore reveals Income Tax department Jessica Dsilva. Law Commission suggests mandatory registration of marriages linking of Aadhar with marriage certificates. Railways reports over 10 revenue growth in Q1. Jobs admissions on fake caste certificates not valid says Supreme Court. GST Amid opposition Jammu and Kashmir Assembly adopts resolution for implementing GST. Chinese media calls for Sikkims independence scrapping of unfair Bhutan treaties. GST bidis and tobacco laws. Amazing India Where Poor pay taxes for the rich Taxation System Mess Part I. Indian Administrative Regions by GDP [2017 est.]: Data Year 2017 GDP region wise Southern India 53.82 lakh crore 803 billion Western India 36.79 lakh crore 554 billion Northern India 25.26 lakh crore 372 billion Central India 24.34 lakh crore 363 billion Eastern India 21.84 lakh crore 325 billion NorthEastern 3.87 lakh crore 57 billion https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ListofIndianstatesandunionterritoriesbyGDP. Govt plans linking promotions of IPS officers to their physical fitness. Exclusive Indian utility bets 10 billion on coal power despite surplus green concerns. Why Mumbai Indias most productive city is losing the battle against child malnutrition. Why Mumbai Indias most productive city is losing the battle against child malnutrition. Mumbais high malnutrition figures are despite the fact that 83 of government and aided schools in Mumbai city and 95.1 in its suburbs have a midday meal programme.: [deleted]. Indias quest for armed drones. With PM Narendra Modis visit India crosses the rubbicon: [deleted]. Petition help guys.: Hey everyone. So everyone has some varying views on the GST currently applicable all over India. This is something that hasnt gone down well with me. I know its a long shot but its worth giving a try. Please do sign it. If you agree. No pressure https//www.change.org/p/fmarunjaitleyuntaxsanitarynapkinstamponscurrentlytaxedundergst Thank you. JampK Assembly passes resolution for implementing GST. [Serious Discussion] An EU like SAARC: [deleted]. West Bengal communal violence Internet services disrupted in Baduria following clashes in North 24 Parganas The Financial Express. PM Modi Hijacked UPAs Yojanas But Has He Implemented Them Better. Indias service sector grows to 8month high in June PMI. Supreme Court Talks Tough On Election Commission Appointment. Maharashtra Tamil Nadu raise taxes outside GST Centre says they can. Gujarat traders continue to strike against GST. GST Filling Returns Important Dates and Months GST in INDIA . One nation multiple taxes for Maharashtra Tamil Nadu Will other states follow suit. Uttar Pradesh suffers Rs5000 crore loss post liquor ban along highways. Uttar Pradesh suffers Rs5000 crore loss post liquor ban along highways The Uttar Pradesh government has incurred Rs5000 crore loss following the Supreme Court order banning liquor shops along national as well as state highways: [deleted]. Arun Jaitley talks for 30 minutes about the benefits of GST realizes later that it was a defence ministry meeting: [deleted]. India Freight transport via national waterways rises 32 between FY14 amp FY16. Fitch GST Should Boost Indias LongTerm Growth Prospects. Indian service sector ends Q1 with strong expansion Nikkei India Services. Will NSE IPO hit the market in 2017. AntiGraft Forum Questions Centres Appointment of Firm Accused of Scams for Black Money Probes. PreGST Stock can be sold by Manufacturers and Traders till 30th Sept.... Conditions Applied. GDP Per Capita Vs Fertility rate of Indian Zones. Narendra Modis reform plans may be thwarted by profligate statelevel spending Livemint. Double taxation on Tamil Nadu film industry will affect many Rajinikanth. CGPDTM introduces automatic system for patent certificates. Is BJP Reviving Macaulay. Rethinking the budget in a postGST India. GST blues Footwear shops down shutters. Bengalureans feel the GST blues. While traders stayed resentful citizens counted the extra bucks they shelled out and sang about it. Experts say assets such as computer landline cant be criteria to disqualify people from urban poor list. GST may not have an impact on inflation but will pinch consumers. Maharashtra hikes road tax on private cars by 2. Octroi abolition may save Rs 2000 crore cut freight time after GST rollout. Haryana draft land pooling policy may boost infrastructure projects. Maharashtra CM Fadnavis says 694 farmers in Mumbai then backs off. After doubts were raised on the figures as Mumbai city has no agrarian land Mr Fadnavis said he would inquire the matter.. Benjamin Netanyahu Israeli Prime Minister Coins A New Acronym For IndiaIsrael Relationship:  I2 T2 That equals Indian Talent times Israeli Technology equals IsraelIndia ties for Tomorrow.. Pass on GST benefit. GST rollout puts the brakes on transport business. Sikkim Chinese daily warns investors against antiChina sentiment in India. This new monster can slow down Indias growth rate despite GST. Bond market Partys over in Indian debt market banks dump 15 billion bonds. This new monster can slow down Indias growth rate despite GST. Indias Modi goes to Jerusalem A rundown of Indias hefty arms deals with Israel. Digital India Eroding Corruption From Every Bank. SC seeks Gujarat govt reply on plea alleging RTE violation. road tax Maharashtra hikes road tax on private cars by 2. Slowing Inflation Restrains Indias Robust Growth Record.. Indias relationship with Israel should not be at the expense of ties with Palestine Shashi Tharoor. Relief ahead for pubs and bars Nothing wrong with denotifying highways within cities says SC. How exiting for ModiInIsrael Follow these Twitter A/c for more next 2 days: [deleted]. India becomes Number 1 retail investment destination beats China. Not a Simple Tax Be Ready for Multiple Taxes Under the GST Regime. Shower thought about Aadhar being linked to phone number and bank account etc: My Aadhar No. Bank Account No. Phone No. Finger Prints Photograph are somewhere on a Government Server which was set up by the lowest bidder who paid the maximum bribe We are truly fked. GST in Kashmir Traders march against new regime with black flags detained Jessica Dsilva. Twitter records over 1 mn conversations on GST between June 30 and July 2 Jessica Dsilva. BBC World Service BBC Minute BBC Minute On acid attacks on women. Want us to carry your goods Show GST number first Transporters to traders Jessica Dsilva. RBI issues printing orders for new Rs. 200 notes Sources. Air India was once the company that inspired Singapore Airlines and Cathay Pacific Quartz. Gods names from liquor stores to go. 22 States abolish check posts after GST rollout. A Hundred And SeventyOne Temples In Andhra Pradesh Will Be Taxed Under GST. Gita Gopinath Kerala gets its money tips from this Harvard professor. GST 22 states abolish border check posts ahead of Eway rollout. Now its GSTs turn to weigh on Indias manufacturing sector after demonetisation. Healthcare in India Nine poorest states budgets lie unspent 581 million affected by inadequate infrastructure. The three big problems in Indias banking sector according to the RBI. A Reform Win for Modi Indias longawaited goods and services tax is far from perfect. But as economic reform its still significant.. GST rollout Did you know Tax rate in India highest in the world. PSA The Whip doesnt apply to Presidential elections. MPs amp MLAs can vote for whoever they want.: I am super surprised nobody has pointed this out yet. The Whip system [doesnt apply]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/IssuingwhipstoMPsMLAsinPresidentialpollisanoffenceEC/articleshow/14809952.cms to the Presidential elections. In fact if a party or person tries to issue a whip for MPs amp MLAs it might be counted as an offence under IPC 171C Undue Influence on an Election. So when party bosses are offering support for a particular candidate it technically means NOTHING. Because any MP/MLA can vote for ANYONE. Presidential elections are one of the few instances where our elected reps get to exercise free will. Think for themselves amp take a call. In Parliament MPs cannot vote in a way they want. If they vote against party orders they can get kicked out. [They have no free will]https//www.newslaundry.com/2016/08/13/didyouknowyourmpscantvotefreely. But this law of antidefection does NOT apply for Prez elections. Plus its a secret ballot so nobody will ever know who voted for who All news reports of suchandsuch party supports soandso candidate should have a big disclaimer IT DOESNT MATTER COZ LOL IPC 171C FTW Aah well. But the perception is always built up that party boss controls everyone and everything. Nobody bothers to check even. I guess we are so used to behaving like sheep that nobody wants to think for themselves. Sigh.. Failed Lockheed Martin F 16 carries no improvement potential for India say IAF veterans. Centre moves states on all India medical services cadre Bihar docs go in huddle. Centre mulls over creation of medical service like IAS. India gets good ranks on FSBs reform report card to G20. Farmers should pay tax Niti Aayog member Bibek Debroy challenges govt. India sales tax protests escalate as business week starts. Bhutan to supply hydropower to Bangladesh via India. GST may help Indian economy save up to Rs 2300 crore at check posts. GST Impact ITC Surges To Record High On Tax Relief For Cigarettes. GST impact As tax rate rises subsidy comes down LPG may become costlier by Rs 32. India needs forceful leadership like Chinas for GST implementation: [deleted]. GSTGoI on Twitter Check posts abolished post GST roll out in India.. Like to eat at Kabab Magic Pay 12 more. GST Bengaluru. 1 Lakh Suspicious Companies Deregistered Hours Before GST Rollout. Indian logistics industry may grow at 910 ICRA. Sensex salutes GST with 300 points leap Nifty50 tops 9600. GST Rates BJP government has imposed highest ever GST in world Randeep Singh Surjewala. GST may help Indian economy save up to Rs 2300 crore at check posts. Digital payments surge 55 in FY17 Niti Aayog. Collapse of credit poses growth risk. Revenue Secretary Adhia busts 7 myths on GST. [P]Will linking Aadhaar to bank account destroy banking system: [deleted]. GST effect Honda Cars cuts vehicle prices by up to Rs 1.31 lakh.. GST and Amazon.in: i am buying a phone in my businesses name from amazon.in..How would i claim ITC do i have to sen my gst number to amazon or only put amazons gst number in my system. GST impact Full list of cars bikes that will become cheaper from July 1: [deleted]. LPG costlier on GST lower subsidy. Jobs in renewable energy sector see sharp spike in India. Looking to buy a home Readytomovein apartments to cost more despite GST. This Govt does not want you to SAVE PPF NSC rates slashed again. GST not being charged twice over on credit card payments Govt busts 7 myths. Fertility rates the Great NorthSouth divide. Indian shadow economy to shrink to 13.6 of GDP by 2025 ACCA. Fertility rates the Great NorthSouth divide: [deleted]. Black wealth abroad Money is Swiss banks is at alltime low but Modi had little to do with it. Future Group Calls India GST a WinWin for Everyone. 19.4 increase in users of ITR efiling website. GST implementation brings textile industry to a standstill. With Octroi gone no pitstops and an end to a million worries. GST GST rollout How businesses ampamp consumers coped with Indias biggest tax reform. ATM Why ATMs will not go extinct anytime soon in India. Nuclear reactor at Kalpakkam Worlds envy Indias pride. Transgender persons to get fee exemption. GST Becomes Masterstroke Of PM Modi. GST to boost Indias GDP will be positive for rating Moodys. alternative dimension. GST Little India struggles with tax revolution. It is illegal to live in India without a mobile phone: Government is telling people that it is illegal to live without a mobile number in India. A paranoid friend of mine flew from US to India to take his Aadhaar card. The agency in India said he cant have Aadhaar without a cell phone number. He went to buy. SIM card and they asked him his Aadhaar number. What a fucks up. Misgivings on Social Media Will GST be like Demonetisation. After Killing Currency Modi Takes a Leap With Indias BiggestEver Tax Overhaul. Indian shadow economy to shrink to 13.6 of GDP by 2025 ACCA. GST GST rollout How businesses amp consumers coped with Indias biggest tax reform: [deleted]. GST positive for Indias credit profile will boost tax compliance Moodys. Indian Railways to launch Economy AC coaches that will be cheaper than 3AC. farmer loan waiver 17 farmers account for nearly half of all loans due for waiver. GST GST rollout How businesses amp consumers coped with Indias biggest tax reform: [deleted]. Govt orders shuttering of 1 lakh dodgy companies in last 48 hours PM signals crackdown on tax evaders. Tamil Nadu water crisis Farmers in Cauvery delta do not think the summer crop is viable: [deleted]. Nasim Zaidi says compulsory voting regime not feasible in India due to huge population. Soon travel in economy AC in trains. ELI5 What are the differences between UPAs GST and the present one: What is so different that it wasnt implemented then but now. Will linking your Aadhaar to your bank account destroy the banking system Its devastating that the integrity of banking processes are being destroyed by dividing outsourcing and privatising processes integral to core banking so that they become the responsibility of no one.. What is GST Explained in story telling way By Pallavi Joshi GST explained in simple way. Tamil Nadu theatre owners to go on indefinite strike against GST from Monday. Confused About GST Some Refrain From Doing Business. With no GST breather readytomovein flats to cost more. DU admissions Assembly passes resolution to reserve 85 seats for Delhi students. Small industries confused about GST in Ahmedabad. farmer loan waiver 17 farmers account for nearly half of all loans due for waiver: [deleted]. GST GST rollout How businesses ampamp consumers coped with Indias biggest tax reform: [deleted]. In Bastar villages where few have Aadhaar PDS officials fear they will have to say no. GST for most common households. GST Bill at a Pub in a Bangalore. 0 tax on alcohol 18 on food and nonalcoholic beverages. farmer loan waiver 17 farmers account for nearly half of all loans due for waiver: [deleted]. GST GST rollout How businesses amp consumers coped with Indias biggest tax reform: [deleted]. Registration of 1 lakh cos cancelled 37000 shell firms identified. I have linked Aadhar to my Pan.. GST The gamechanger reform for India: Midnight Tryst saw India wake upto GST dawn. GST is undoubtedly the most important and Gamechang Reform for Corporate India. To start with a paradigm shift in accounting practices will be underway. There has been lot of noise around implementation as the taxsome terming it as Draconian is high on awareness but not so high on preparedness and confidence. GST implementation to have ve impact in terms of Ease of Compliance which eventually will have a significant ve impact on pricing and business/es 1. Single tax will lead to centralisation and consolidation of warehousing facilities for business 2. Productivity gain for transportation sector 3. Inventory management to grow more efficient 4.Claiming of input credit for GST paid on services would lead to margin expansion for industries where competition is not efficient or industry is fragmented 5. Significant gain in market share for formal sector at the EXPENSE OF informal sector owing to tax rationalisation. SHIFT OF TRADE FROM UNORGANISED TO ORGANISED SECTOR TO ACCELERATE. 6. Another big change that GST cld potentially drive is credit to the unserviced segment Out of 8 mn entities that are potential user of the GST network over 2/3rd r small n micro businesses which dont have easy access to bank credit. GSTN cld act as an enabler for flow based lending for these businesses and thereby boosting growth of these small n micro businesses Despite the LT ve implications there could possibly be near term challenges in the implementation. 1. One time inventory adjustment is bound to lead to growth faltering in immediate aftermath of implementation. However we believe the impact of same on market is unlikely to be material as we see impact to be TRANSIENT. 2. GSTN is fully digital but not all businesses in India are equipped to undertake digital transactions. This could potentially create near term disruptions 3. While the paperwork declines under new dispensation firms r now required to make 3 filings/month with strict deadlines. In initial stage this cld pose challenge for majority. GST return needs to be filed on monthly basis and tax need to be paid by 20th of the month. In event of non payment interest on tax wl be applicable. 4. Informal sector which is least tax compliant to be hit hard. GST marks MAJOR indirect tax reform in India accelerating shifting from informal sector to formal. It will be LARGEST DIGITAL TAX NETWORKGST will be on digital platform fm beginning in the world. While GST has potential to throw the system into chaos in near term big picture emerging is that GST is progressive. LARGE COMPANIES and companies with better readiness would be BIGGEST beneficiary. Any near term stock price weakness Corrections would at best be shallowshould be used as BUY OPPORTUNITY.. Maternity Services Labour Induction in India is effective and Safe says Study. Dont Underestimate Indias Cunning Narendra Modi. TV Anchors Insult Didnt Lead Parrikar to Plan Surgical Strike: [deleted]. In 2013 There was a 42 increase of Indians deposit in the Swiss bank. The latest data says a decrease by 45 in the same: What do Modi haters have to say now We broadcast the failure of the government lets throw some light on the positives too. Fair and square. . How did GST affect you all I would like to know.... Water dispute Will the push for deepsea fishing in Tamil Nadu solve the row with Sri Lanka. Govt. Bans Dual MRPs AirportsCinemas Cannot Overcharge You And Have To Follow One MRP Rule.. Nationwide AntiAadhaar Protests. When Bindi amp Bangles are tax exempted the sanitary napkin is taxed at 12. Thats the BJPs idea of women empowerment. NirAadhaarCollective on Twitter. When PM talks about cashless economy and benefits of demonetization all bank transactions are taxed at 18. Bravo. When temples and Prasad are tax exempted school bag is taxed at 18 and notebooks at 12. Govt priorities are being revealed.. GST is a winwin for all Consumers businesses and government Venkaiah Naidu. Restaurant GST Bill Just sharing for general interest: [deleted]. Make in India 10 duty levied on mobile phone imports to help local makers. Housing for all By 2022 middle to lower income categories may have their own homes. GST Impact 10 Customs Duty Imposed On Imported Mobile Phones Parts With Immediate Effect. Top 10 Indian Advertisements indecently featuring proud sexism. India to rise high globally in ease of doing business ASSOCHAM president. Growth in eight core sectors slows to 3.6 pc in May as against 5.2 pc a year ago.. Baba Sehgal GST Apologies in advance. Historic Bill GST Gets Introduced. Dharavi A City Within A SuperCity: [deleted]. Abovenormal rain raises hopes of bumper harvest. PSUs Indias oldest pharma company Bengal Chemicals turns profitable after 64 years but faces privatisation blues. farmer loan waiver 17 farmers account for nearly half of all loans due for waiver: [deleted]. Renewable energy push Moving away from fossil fuel is a good idea but India is going about it wrong. The costs of failing on the job creation front. Find out the GST rate for over 1300 goods and services. Ahead of rollout GST Council reduces tax rate on fertilisers to 5 percent. Rural Electrification Corporation of India launches first Green Bond in London. GST explained by a drunk guy.. Arun Jaitley said the burden of tax on the common man will be reduced.. Ministry of Finance GST Council today decided to reduce GST rate on fertilizers from 12 to 5 amp on exclusive parts of tractors from 28 to 18. GST Launched in India 1 July 2017. Learn more about what is and how it will affect you. Congratulations India for implementing GST for new India: Let us move over to GST ERA one nation one tax. Lets celebrate the transition. Welcome to new tax system....... Wait is over GST launched: Indias biggest tax reform. Goods and Services tax GST launched in the parliament. Landmark and Historical decision by Government of India. http//m.timesofindia.com/gst/newsstories/gstlaunch/liveblog/59388717.cmsfrmappyes. How your family budget will change after GST.. Its official GST is launched: Well done India Jai Hind. Hope with more amp more reforms may Economic progress of India continue Pass/Share this article to every person every platform you can share with [Find out the GST rate for over 1300 goods and services]http//www.hindustantimes.com/interactives/gstratecompletelist/ hindustantimes.com comprehensive list of whats cheaper/costlier gt https//pbs.twimg.com/media/DDlyljcUIAAZGbr.jpg gt https//i.redd.it/4t7jwnykut6z.jpg. Goods and Services Tax live. Can someone ELI5 GST. One Product One Price Gvot to forbid charging above MRP in airport cinema halls shopping malls from 2018. Indias largest refiner IOC setting up Singapore oil unit sources. Indias GST Will Grow The Economy For It Is The Opposite Of Gandhis Buy Local Silliness. RBI report sees Indias economic growth rate at 7.3 in 201718. If you dont have Aadhaar card then dont apply for it xpost r/antiaadhar. If dont have aadhaar dont apply for it. r/antiaadhar: [deleted]. GST may benefit farmers from states like Karnataka but not Punjab. Plenty of Hiccups Expected as India Rolls Out New Tax Reform. Department of Telecom working on stricter rules for tracking lost cell phones: [deleted]. MRP expiry dates now must on products sold by ecommerce companies: [deleted]. TVs to mobile phones shaving foam to chewing gum vegetables to fruits Heres what the new tax looks like. Growth in eight core sectors slows to 3.6 pc in May as against 5.2 pc a year ago.. Small saving schemes PPF NSC rates cut to 7.8 per cent KVPs to earn 7.5 per cent. Is linking aadhar with phone number mandatory . ADB to invest 10 billion over five years in Indian infrastructure. Hi Can anyone suggest a good book on Indias Foreign Policy.: If you know any detailed read more than introductory that would be great. I have found many online but reviews werent convincing enough. Tried Tharoors Pax Indica already looking for a deep alternative. Thank you.. Delhi Assembly Passes Resolution to Reserve 85 Seats for Local Students in DU: [deleted]. GST breakdown. The party will be over How GST will affect businesses that dont pay tax. GST Get set for tomorrow Arun Jaitley. GST Tax Rates Tax Rates Before And After GST. Find out the GST rate for over 1300 goods and services. [RANT] Indian mobile companies have failed badly against the Chinese invasion: 1. They have fucking failed to create an environment which would cease/reduce the publics dependence on Chinese companies for decent specs at affordable rates for mobile phones. 2. And why isnt the government subsidizing Indian mobile companies or intervening in this aspect It is understandable that since most hardware is manufactured in China they can afford to keep prices lower while Indian companies who import most hardware cannot. 2. We need to stop minimize import of Chinese products in the country. This is not fake whatsapp forward shit this needs to be done Especially since increasing escalations in ties we need to better all our cards. There is a reason people from the defence establishment and the government have been subtly asking people to stop people from buying chinese products. We have a severe trade deficit that is growing larger due to the huge amount money being infused by Indians in Chinese mobile companies. While due to WTO obligations we cannot ban Chinese mobiles we can certainly not buy them. But why will the hardworking Indian consumer choose not to buy reliable hardware with amazing specs Unless the situation was more overt and we were in a war like situation He/she needs to be provided a viable alternative. The Indian Mobile manufacturers need the governments immediate support in turning this trend. This really is a national security issue. [Completing post and ordering a chinese phone. Fucking shit.]. Venkys shares up 279 in 2017. Is cow slaughter crackdown aiding sales. Do we need to pay taxes if were receiving money from a foreign or American company : If I reside in countries where there is no tax at all like Dubaiwill there be a tax cut by the sender country I know it sounds stupid since Im not buying or selling anythingbut one of my friend whose uncle works in a bank told that him the sender country will tax the money if sending money to Dubai.. Indias air pollution could decrease solar power generation by 17 study says. How Smaller Decentralised Solutions Can Help India Meet Its SocialDevelopment Goals. 20 billion nuclear plant deal with bankrupt Westinghouse to be reworked: [deleted]. GST set to transform face of Indian logistics industry. How your family budget will change after GST. Indias dreadful pollution is blocking sunlight and threatening its booming solar sector. GST Bill How companies are getting ready for Indias biggest tax reform. GST President Pranab Mukherjee praises government for July 1 GST rollout. Arun Jaitley Hope antiprofiteering law wont have to be used FM Arun Jaitley. India CDSL shares jump 80 on stock market debut. What Is GST Why Should You Care. US pressure on India to grant more patents on pharma products appalling say health advocates. Global Peaceful Countries 2017. Partys over for millions as India launches biggest ever tax reform. If i become PM i would hire 800000 police within weeks: Hire engineers and degree people Train them constitution and rules while on the job. Dump them if they are do dont fit. Bring Law and order into control yeah maybe some abuse may happen cost and benefit analysis says it would be positive step.. RTI Can Be Filed to Procure Exam Answer Sheets. No test drive Why you wont be able to file GST returns for months after the launch. GST President Pranab Mukherjee praises government for July 1 GST rollout: [deleted]. Impact on organic farming will be negative survey. RBI has started process of printing Rs 200 notes to make daily transactions easier report. Arun Jaitley Hope antiprofiteering law wont have to be used FM Arun Jaitley: [deleted]. Flood situation in Assam. Coastal Cities Our Glorious Past at Risk in its Future. GST set to transform face of Indian logistics industry. GST impact on liquor Prices may go up marginally as input costs rise. Watch Out China India Is Building A New Silk Road Of Its Own. GST A game changer for the Indian Economy. India and the Visible Hand of the Market. All but gone with the wind The unfolding sad story of Indias wind sector. GST President Pranab Mukherjee praises government for July 1 GST rollout: [deleted]. AADHAAR July 1 is not the date when your unlinked PAN will become invalid. Theres a lot of expectation on future growth in India says Nicholas Cator. How to obtain GST registration number Is it mandatory to have GST number to run Facebook ads. Partys over for millions as India launches biggestever tax reform. PAN wont be invalidated without Aadhaar link from 1 July. GST President Pranab Mukherjee praises government for July 1 GST rollout: [deleted]. Is India facing jobless growth NITI Aayog ViceChairman breaks silence. Showerthought If GST is going to make things simpler and thereby increase trade and revenue for govt. why has the tax rate been increased on some commodities. Shouldnt the govt bear the burden for a shortwhile for future returns.. GST rollout Can GSTs anti profiteering rule be deemed unconstitutional. AADHAAR July 1 is not the date when your unlinked PAN will become invalid: [deleted]. GST President Pranab Mukherjee praises government for July 1 GST rollout: [deleted]. Black money Indian funds in Swiss banks hit record low of 676 mn francs. Last day for AadhaarPAN linking is not July 1 heres how you do it. GST News Two themes to bet on as GST sets in Abhimanyu Sofat IIFL. GST Why PM Modi needs Manmohan Singh at the midnight GST launch. Need help understanding how GST will apply to my business for the first time: [deleted]. A striking photo project asks why India is better at protecting its cows than its women. What will CPEC mean for Pakistan and the Environment: [deleted]. How will GST impact your car buying decision. Indian stocks to scale new highs on government reforms Poll. July 1 Not Last Date For Linking Your Aadhaar With PAN Heres All You Need To Know. Centre approves Rs 795 crore for droughthit Karnataka. GST Goods and Service Tax The Biggest Game Changer For Business In Indian Economy. GST GOODS AND SERVICE TAX THE BIGGEST GAME CHANGER FOR BUSINESS IN INDIAN ECONOMY. Unincorporated units contribute Rs 11.5 lakh cr to economy. Gst Pan Aadhar: Few days back there was a deadline for GST registration June 15 2017. Same thing happened with PANAadhar link up last date being June 30 2017. Now as the date comes near their websites stops loading due to whatever reason. During last 2 days of GST Internet was down and/or Electricity was not there and/or website was not working Now for PANAadhar Website is already not working . Just waiting for when electricity goes down. Same thing used to happen when one used to apply for Service Tax Registration and IEC registration. Also when you visit AADHAR website half the time pages wont load. Whats the point of keeping deadlines or even online process compulsory when you cant provide proper infrastructure . GST PAN AADHAR: [removed]. Full GST rate list Here are the tax rates for all goods and services Jessica Dsilva. Uttar Pradesh govt wants cow shelters in jails but 69 of them are overcrowded 33 understaffed. AadhaarPAN linking Here is how to do it in easy steps Jessica Dsilva. AadhaarPAN linking mandatory from 1 July govt notifies rules. What is GST. GSTMasterclass The five benefits in simple terms .. PSA You can link aadhaar with pan card in your local income tax office also.: [deleted]. The Threat of Flu Pandemics is Real and India Needs a Vaccination Policy in Place Soon. 0 GST on Lassi amp 18 GST on Ice Cream. Dont ask the GST Rate on melted Ice Cream though.. UN tax trust India gives 100000 to UN Tax Fund 1st country to contribute. GST Meet the men behind Indias biggest tax reform effected over 17 years. Digital India Aadhaarbased Digi Pay app now used by 22000 village entrepreneurs. Offended the Ministry of Corporate Affairs in the name of our Dark Lord: [deleted]. Chaos and confusion GST Twitter handle flooded by more than 10000 queries in last 10 days. Seventh Pay Panel Cabinet Approves Higher Allowances. GST News Two themes to bet on as GST sets in Abhimanyu Sofat IIFL: [deleted]. GST Snack sales likely to be hit as higher tax may force makers to hike prices: [deleted]. GST Why PM Modi needs Manmohan Singh at the midnight GST launch: [deleted]. Highlights of 7th Pay Commission allowances for central government staff: [deleted]. Printing of Rs 200 currency notes begins. Ready or not Indian businesses brace for biggestever tax reform. Indian Travellers Can Now Get Expedited Entry Into US. 20billion nuclear plant deal with bankrupt Westinghouse to be reworked. Aadhaar now compulsory for tuberculosis patients Here is the list of services requiring UID. Cabinet clears privatisation of debtridden Air India Times of India. Cover your legal ground by emailing helpuidai.gov.in to deactivate your AADHAAR: Please email helpuidai.gov.in asking them to either take 1 crore insurance for your AADHAAR biometrics one lakh insurance for AADHAAR authentication failure or else delete your biometrics from AADHAAR database archive third party and deactivate your AADHAAR. Jai Hind. DELETE BIOMETRICS FORM AADHAARFAIL WHERE uidaadhaarfail DELETE BIOMETRICS.ARCHIVE.aadhaarfail Notify all third party whom UIDAI has shared/sold biometrics of aadhaarfail to delete it UPDATE AADHAAR SET STATUSDEACTIVATED WHERE uidaadhaarfail.. GST Why PM Modi needs Manmohan Singh at the midnight GST launch: [deleted]. PSUs Indias oldest pharma company Bengal Chemicals turns profitable after 64 years but faces privatisation blues: [deleted]. Big Bazaar Good news Your grocery expenses wont rise after GST rollout. Goods and Services Tax Whos protesting over what. Teacher training in India set for a regulatory overhaul. Abe to promote Japans bullet train system in India during his visit in September. Administrative reforms Rebolting the steel frame [NP]. 400MW Solar Capacity to be added in Indian Railways. Govt bites the bullet on Air India privatisation. Rest In Peace RTI [2005 2017]. Shower thought ease of doing business will solve a lot of the problems for India: Indians are entrepreneurs by nature. Once its easy to do business without haresment. People will open more businesses which will lead to more jobs. Jobs Less people doing stupid stuff like killing people over cow.. Pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar only after border standoff is resolved says China. Progress in the making. Liberate education The issue is not just about whether education should be provided by government or private institutions. There are no such binaries.. The flip side of GST its impact on the informal economy. Trainee exam for Vizag Steel Plant full of errors and biased towards Hindi applicants allege. NEET 2017 Only two rounds of counselling for allIndia quota seats in medical colleges. Gujarat cloth markets shut on day 2 of stir against GST. Air India Government bites the bullet on Air India gives inprinciple approval for disinvestment. 7th Pay Commission allowances Cabinet approves recommendations revised rates effective from July 1. GST July 1 will change your world Be prepared for changes other than GST. Indian cabinet greenlights proposal to sell Air India. Union Cabinet gives inprinciple approval for disinvestment of Air India.. India switches to liberal regime for oil gas exploration. India Is Likely To Become The First Digital Cashless Society. Liberate education The issue is not just about whether education should be provided by government or private institutions. There are no such binaries.: [deleted]. Indian firms prefer men over women for jobs Randstad survey. 7th Pay Commission Cabinet approves hike in allowances for central govt staff from July 1. Cabinet gives inprinciple approval for disinvestment of Air India. 7th Pay Commission Cabinet approves hike in allowances for central govt staff from July 1: [deleted]. From insurance premium to ATM transaction banking will be expensive under GST. Indias exports to take a hit as Qatar crisis deepens: [deleted]. Every whitecollar job in India has 27 graduates fighting over it Study. The report shows that the graduatetojob ratio of 27 in the period 201416 tripled from the figure of nine in 201113.. ISIS Tricked A Sex Slave Into Eating Her Own Son amp Raped A 10YearOld Girl To Death Indiatimes.com. When UIADI quotes GulfNews to state that NRIs dont need to link PAN and Aadhaar it shows how the entire system is fucked up.: On the UIDAI website this is the hyperlink they have given. https//uidai.gov.in/images/news/indiaexemptsNRIsfromquotingAadhaarintaxreturns08042016.pdf . Aravind Datar GST is the most terrible thing that will happen to the country. Make in India Imported phones set to face customs duty of 10 under GST. Small Cars to become costlier under GST.: [deleted]. GST on wheelchairs Braille paper is equivalent to a tax on walking or seeing. How is the implementation of GST looking so far: I think most people agree on the requirement of Goods and Services tax in our economy. But it is one thing to need it and another thing to implement it in a way that benefits the people without destroying their livelihood. Assuming I know very little about inner workings of the govt and complex nuances of the GST bill explain how do you think the implementation is going to turn out And how is it going to affect out day to day lives spanning from 1st July to next few months. Mamata Banerjee opposes GST launch Trinamool MPs to skip 30 June event. Aadhaar card You have only two days left to link your Aadhaar card with PAN. AadhaarPAN linking must from July 1 govt notifies rules. Fertility rates the Great NorthSouth divide: [deleted]. What the US can learn from India on climate change and energy access. Liberate education The issue is not just about whether education should be provided by government or private institutions. There are no such binaries.: [deleted]. Thumbs down for 4 revenue department officials. An Economic Crisis Is Slowly Building up in Indias Informal Economy. The government is repeatedly acting on the assumption that the shocks it is applying to the economy are transitory and that the formal sector is immune to shocks experienced by the informal sector.. Update from the hearing on Govt notifications making Aadhaar mandatory. eBay India is illegally holding money from several thousand sellers. Trying to illegally enforce rules citing under GSTIN cover.: [removed]. 400MW Solar Capacity to be added in Indian Railways: [deleted]. Indias poor are not using LPG cylinders they got under Ujjwala scheme. NITI Aayog proposes break up of Coal India into seven firms. Foreigners will have to pay upto 50 more for Indian visas. India Has Shut Down 37 of the Worlds Biggest Coal Companys Mines. Arun Jaitley holds meeting on bitcoins The Indian Express. Indian Tourist Visa fee to go up from 100 to 300. GST Effects In India With Respect to TAX. SpiceJets order to buy planes from Boeing will support many American jobs Trump. Indias momentum will continue fastest growing economy JPMorgan Chases Dimon. Global Carbon Dioxide Emissions. Supreme Court refuses to pass interim order against Centres Aadhaar notification. Are farm loan waivers really so bad. How Coffee travel hotels other commodities will act post GST Implementation ayupp. Shower thought The main reason why GST is important is because many MNCs shied away from investing in India due to complex taxes with GST in place it is hoped that there will be substantial improvement in ease of doing business and those companies will invest in India amp create jobs.. Indian diaspora can now apply for OCI Overseas Citizen of India card till 31 December. War room set up to deal with GST crises. How to Link pan Card to aadhar card: As per a Supreme Court judgement passed on 9 June 2017 if you have Aadhaar it is mandatory to link it to PAN and mention the same in your tax returns. However if you dont have Aadhaar you can efile tax returns without the same for FY201617. Now you can link your Aadhaar and PAN through SMS also. The Income Tax Department has urged taxpayers to link their Aadhaar with their PAN using an SMSbased facility.It can be done by sending an SMS to either 567678 or 56161. People can also visit the official efiling website of the department to link the two identities in both the cases identical names in the two databases or in case where there is a minor mismatch. The Income Tax Department has made it easy for taxpayers to link their PAN with Aadhaar with just a 2 step process which does not even require to login or register at the e filing website. This facility can be used by anyone to link their Aadhaar with PAN. Step 1 Just go to www.incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in and click on the link on the left pane Link Aadhaar Step 2 Provide PAN Aadhaar no. and ENTER NAME EXACTLY AS GIVEN IN AADHAAR CARD avoid spelling mistakes and submit. After verification from UIDAI which is the government website for Aadhaar the linking will be confirmed. In case of any minor mismatch in Aadhaar name provided Aadhaar OTP will be required. Please ensure that the date of birth and gender in PAN and Aadhaar are exactly same. In a rare case where Aadhaar name is completely different from name in PAN then the linking will fail and taxpayer will be prompted to change the name in either Aadhaar or in PAN database. The process of linking Aadhaar with PAN is also available after login to the income tax website.Following are the steps for this RELATED JOB Mogul Client Liaison Sothebys New York NY United States Browse more Mogul jobs Step 1. First register yourself at the income tax e filing portal if you are not already registered. https//incometaxindiaefiling.gov.in/ Step 2. Log in to the eFiling portal of the Income Tax Department by entering the login ID password and date of birth. Step 3. On logging in to the site a pop up window will appear prompting you to link your PAN card with Aadhaar card. If you dont see the popup go to blue tab on the top bar named Profile Settings and click on Link Aadhaar. Step 4. Details such as name date of birth and gender will already be mentioned as per the details submitted at the time of registration on the eFiling portal. Verify the details on screen with the ones mentioned on your Aadhaar card. Step 5. If the details match enter your Aadhaar card number and captcha code and click on the Link now button. Step 6. A popup message will inform you that your Aadhaar card has been successfully linked to your PAN card.. Ways to link Aadhar Card to Pan Card: [removed]. Expedited entry into US for Indian travellers from now on. Cruise policy next month India to attract 700 vessels Nitin Gadkari. Indian renewable market to witness strong growth Moodys. Indias poor are not using LPG cylinders they got under Ujjwala scheme. There is a huge mismatch in growth of LPG consumption and customers in 201617 even as the governments Ujjwala scheme has been a roaring success so far. Rs 7 lakh crore to be spent on highways in 5 years. These two policies will help achieve PM Modis target to reduce oil imports by 10 percent. GST Why PM Modi needs Manmohan Singh at the midnight GST launch. Aadhaar India court says biometric ID mandatory for welfare. Why are Indian news channels so disappointing [NP]. Section 27 of India Contract Act 1927: I am an IT engineer working for a Service company. I was contracted to a reputable company A. I am quitting my current job for another reputable company B. Company A is offering me a competing offer. I however has a clause in my contract which restricts me from seeking employment in company A either directly or indirectly for 6 months from my day of termination. Is it even legal as per the restrictions laid down as per the article mentioned in [Section 27 of India Contract Act 1927]http//www.mondaq.com/india/x/295626/employeerightslabourrelations/ContractOfServiceAndRestrictiveCovenants. How much legal trouble I will be if I take offer from Company A Is there any legal precedence on this matter. RBI permits CVC to probe corruption cases in private sector banks. GST TDS for ecommerce firms deferred ahead of 1 July rollout. Welcome to r/gstindia. Modi oped in WSJ For the U.S. and India a Convergence of Interests and Values. Our two nations stand as mutually reinforcing engines of growth and innovation.: [removed]. India Australia net big FMS offers. US exports to India support 260000 jobs in America Report. Trump Promotes a U.S. Gas Trade With India That Already Exists: [deleted]. Lawyers in India are smiling as GST set to fuel litigation wave. Indias ten per cent capitalism in six charts. GST reform starting to look like an Indian wedding. Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterward. Vernon Law. Why bitcoin could thrive in a country like India. It is great honour to have PM Modi in the US. I have been reading about him. PM Modi has done a great job US Pres Trump ModiTrumpMeet: [deleted]. For the U.S. and India a Convergence of Interests and Values. Our two nations stand as mutually reinforcing engines of growth and innovation. by Narendra Modi. Budget session Financial year likely to be changed from 2018 Budget in November: [deleted]. Sarokar Failure Of Skill India Programme. The elephant in the room our population Indias demographic dividend is a myth. Resources are under stress be it health or education. The government must act. Indian GDP Statewise. Health Centers in India. GST View Why GST is starting to look like an Indian wedding. Mathematician Manjul Bhargava In ExISRO Head Kasturirangan Led HRD Panel On New Education Policy: [deleted]. India Fares Miserably in Providing Quality Healthcare Access to Its Citizens. Indian Technology Workers Worry About a Job Threat Technology. No time for software testing now GSTN chairman Navin Kumar. Why didnt Madhya Pradesh farmers gain from farm growth Madhya Pradesh farmers are unhappy that outsiders are misled by claims made by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan.. How GST will change your online shopping experience from July 1. Narendra Modi Trump seek rapport despite friction on trade immigration. Narendra Modi and US President Donald Trump will hold their first facetoface meeting in Washington on Monday seeking to boost USIndian relations. With 10.1 billion India tops emerging markets equity fundraising in 2017. GST Website Broken As of June 26 1155 AM. In Aadhaar counter petitioner tells SC Govts claims on benefits incorrect. Indian IT Industry Should Have Prepared for H1B Changes BJP Foreign Affairs InCharge. The hightech jobs that created Indias gilded generation are disappearing. When Bombay overtook Calcutta A history of Indias financial geography. India to hand over six vessels worth 81 million to Myanmar. How has the IndiaUS partnership progressed IndiaChina trade has exceeded IndiaUS trade since 200809. Steel industry continues to see protection benefit: [deleted]. Delhi Metros driverless trains to start operations from October. Breaking Narendra Modi is just days away from giving the final goahead for the government to sell off Air India: [removed]. Breaking Air India sell off just days away: Nearly 70 years of state ownership to end at group that led Asia into jet engine age https//www.ft.com/content/0f208898573d11e79fedc19e2700005f Narendra Modi is just days away from giving the final goahead for the government to sell off Air India the debtladen national airline according to officials in Delhi.. Breaking Modi Govt. is just days away from selling Air India: [removed]. For the U.S. and India a Convergence of Interests and Values by Narendra Modi. Narendra Modi arrives in Washington Trump administration readies the red carpet. The flip side of GST its impact on the informal economy: [deleted]. Aviation Ministry may ask private airlines to offer VIP treatment to MPs when they fly on public money. Indian States whose High Court has ruled that holder of a valid ration card cannot be denied PDS commodities for want of Aadhaar: Rajasthan 2017 May 30 Rajasthan High Court on May 30 stated that all those who have ration cards must get their legal entitlements to food. Aadhaar is not prereq http//imgur.com/a/UU6Bn Source Rethink Aadhaar on Twitter [no2uid]https//twitter.com/no2uid Karnataka 2017 February 10 High Court of Karnataka gives interim stay on mandatory use of Aadhaar in PDS ration foodgrains. Orders attached. http//imgur.com/a/CcmYj Source Rethink Aadhaar on Twitter [no2uid]https//twitter.com/no2uid. Government to regularise illegal structures across Tamil Nadu. Modi in USA Subtle message for Donald Trump in PM Narendra Modis huddle with CEOs. India has job vacancies for 50000 data analytics professionals Study. An Entire District In Rajasthan Is Set To Switch To 100 Solar Power. Andhra Pradesh opens door to nuclear plant rejected by Bengal. Look forward to welcoming Indias PM Modi to White House on Monday. Important strategic issues to discuss with a true friend: [deleted]. Iftar boycott by Modi and his ministers makes a mockery of Presidents office. Waste Management India wants to double consumption of cheap material in 5 yrs what about its plastic waste. How the American Dream Led to Indias IT Boom. Keralas first transgender beauty contest was a success but will it lead to greater victories. To Curb Indias Population Growth More Babies Should Live: [deleted]. In droughthit Tamil Nadu new cattle trade rules threaten to decimate small farmers. Southern Railway quietly introduces unpopular Premium Tatkal quota in 100 trains. NPA crackdown Read here for financial details of these 12 big loan defaulters likely to go for bankruptcy. Basic Income Could Empower Millions Of Indians But India May Find Cost Too High. Civil nuclear deal will be part of Narendra Modi Donald Trump discussions White House. Revamping the state The government has begun reviewing records of about 67000 employees including IAS and IPS officers with the intention of identifying nonperformers and corrupt officials. Loan waiver will burn a hole in Maharashtra coffers will need two years to cope says CM. Modi keeps Europe big in India scheme of things. Revamping the state The government has begun reviewing records of about 67000 employees including IAS and IPS officers with the intention of identifying nonperformers and corrupt officials: [deleted]. GST will raise luxury property prices but will not impact affordable housing. VIP protocol for private airlines Times of India. RBI States fiscal deficit soars to Rs 4.93 trillion in FY16. Hope Narendra Modi can make progress on H1B climate issues in US China: [deleted]. GST will raise luxury property prices but will not impact affordable housing: [deleted]. Garbage Burning in Metros.: Is it me or has the burning of garbage significantly increased in metro cities Delhi Bombay Bangalore as people have moved in from non metro cities tier 1 tier 2 rural villages over the last 15 years. NEET Result 2017 85 med seat quota for Tamil Nadu board students. GST will raise luxury property prices but will not impact affordable housing: [deleted]. Mumbai is Indias most expensive city says Cost of Living Survey. Indian Prime Minister Modi visits the U.S. and Israel Brookings Institution Panel discussion. World Bank AIIB to grant 380 million to Andhra Pradesh power project. Under the project Andhra Pradesh will build new transmission and distribution infrastructure as well as put in place systems to improve the technical efficiency and commercial performance of its power sector utilities.. Indias Problem With Renewable Energy. Switching to wind and solar risks locking the country in permanent inferiority to China.. Actress Priyanka Chopra latest celeb to push the Skill India Mission. Bengaluru finally selected as smart city. Mass IT Layoffs Truth Or Myth. Govt announces 30 Smart Cities Thiruvanathapuram tops list. Will India Really Go Green. Indian Bitcoin Adoption Responds to Government Signalling for Regulation: [deleted]. Essar Steel Lenders Decide To Refer Case To Bankruptcy Court. Do you feel helpless as a liberal Indian with half a brain: Im an urban dude 35 year old just like any other who doesnt really pay attention to politics in general but only policies that affect me. Is our countrys leadership now a ban all chest thumping jingoistic body that tries its best to devise policies directly aligned with the vote bank I live in Bangalore and the ban on all bars and pubs 500m from National Highways affects the Central Business District of Bangalore. Its like Connaught Place roads in Delhi being a highway. Now knowing this was a Supreme Court judgement I will let this slide as a non executive body item. Gomatha now Im really peeved at the fact that a person cannot pursue livelihood or eat what he wants as normal because we have some random clause in the constitution to allow a ban on cow slaughter. They are not endangered they can be bred just like Chicken or Sheep that we eat all day every day. More importantly I think the pet peeves of mine are around the propaganda. The country has become more divisive because of the uncountable trolls on social media and life in general that are staunch supporters of these retrograde moves. School syllabi are being changed to suit these voices and education in general being compromised. Im just shell shocked we can accept decelerated growth and these measures that are so autocratic and void of common sense as acceptable leadership. Can we do something so that the general nonvoting urban public that forms Randia intentional the turnouts are dismal in Urban India can be heard by the PM office and directly addressed instead of not touching on changes to every day lives because of his ignorance to these matters Id really like to see what the PM has to say on Beef slaughter NH bar ban Homosexuality and other key progressive issues. There have never been statements on these issues because the election campaigns are still around roti kapda makaan. Thoughts. UN honours Mamata Banerjee with highest public service award for girl child project Kanyashree. Railways implementing projects worth over Rs 40000 cr in NE. Government plans a new social media policy to check antiIndia activities: [deleted]. Coal India Worlds biggest coal company closes 37 mines as solar powers influence grows. Punjab Assembly passes amendment to allow serving liquor in hotels on highway. Indian Govt Stateowned Banks and RBI are finally cracking down on NPAs.. What makes a city smart in India and why world is far ahead of us. Govt. stats on Aadhaar coverage puffery includes dead petitioners tell SC. In prosperous Punjab farmers battle uncertainty rising costs of production. Hope Narendra Modi can make progress on H1B climate issues in US China: [deleted]. Charted Foreigners trust Indias economy more than Indians themselves do. Meanwhile in Nashik farmer suicides continue: Background Read [this article]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nashik/4farmersendlifeonelightsownpyreinmaharashtra/articleshow/59261660.cms in the Times of India Below is a Twitter thread by Farmer [RURALINDIA]https//twitter.com/RURALINDIA farmers ended their lives in my Dist in last 24 hours. 1 of them ignited fire at his farm amp jumped into it. Pause for a moment. Close your eyes amp think yourself to be in the situations faced by these 4 farmers at the end of reading this thread. Supdu Pawar 72 a farmer from Vadner Khakurdi the news report gets the name of village wrong .Vadner Khakurdi is a medium size village located between Malegaon amp Nampur. Its on the bank of Mosam river. Though the river has become seasonal due to a dam upstreamHaranbari The river basin has ensured a better ground water level in the village as compared to nearby villages. Farmers r generally prtogressive There r APMCs at Malegaon amp Satana. Irrigation is also reasonably assured. Cash crops like Pomegranates Onions amp veggies r grown. A farmer from such an area is forced to erect his own funeral pyre amp jump into it alive for an unpaid loan of Rs.2 lcas is terrifying Appasaheb Jadhav 32 committed suicide by grabbing a live electricity wire. His village Borale is barely 5 kms from NH3 MumbaiAgra HW His unpaid loan was a paltry Rs.25000/. Yup 25k only. Not 25000 Crores like the BIG frauds whom we call industrialists Another angle opinion that Highways create rural prosperity is debunked. Rural prosperity can only come from cost prices. Nothing else Kacharu Aher 65 of Shivre village consumed poison for an unpaid loan of Rs.3 Lacs. Harishchandra Aher of Brhamangaon killed himself too Now Brahmangaon is a village thats nestled in a good rain zone. Its on the bank of Girna river. The river is a live water body. Despite a big dam Chanakapur upstream the river bed is live for almost 89 months. ENtire village is well irrigated. Again cash crops form most of the agri output of this village. Fruits like Pomegranate Grapes Guava Lime Amla consume major area. Rest veggies amponions So whatever the experts dole out on TV amp newspaper columns abt the remedies of farm distress is already available here. So ignore them. They dole out BS for their individual compulsions. They are a bunch of dishonest people. Especially [surjitbhalla]https//twitter.com/surjitbhalla The aggravated distress is due to the Tier 2 effects of DeMonetisation . I hold Modi directly responsible for these suicides / murders THE ONLY SOLUTION TO FARM DISTRESS IS COST RATES FOR FARM PRODUCE. AND MODI PROMISED COST50 TO FARMERS. EVERYTHING ELSE IS BS . Did you know your Aadhaar can become inactive Heres how to check and activate it. You cant buy luxury items till you fix schools High Court tells Uttarakhand govt. Govt assessing feasibility of different time zones in India. Delhi Environment Minister sets goal of planting a million saplings. Sebi relaxes open offer norms moves to discourage Pnotes. GST will lower overall tax burden over time RBI governor Urjit Patel. Social media Government plans a new social media policy to check antiIndia activities: [deleted]. KGD6 Gas Price Arbitration Reliance BP Bury The Hatchet Against The Government: [deleted]. New Loan Agreement to Support 24x7 Power for All in Andhra Pradesh. US approves sale of 22 Guardian drones to India. Boris Becker bankruptcy Why Indias rich borrowers often go scotfree despite stringent rules.. Are farm loan waivers really so bad The Centre and states need to work together to evolve a farm loan model which protects both farmers and banks without bringing politics into it.. Air India privatization NITI Aayog recommends unbundling airline and its real estate assets. Telecom to banking most services to be costlier with GST. On Bitcoin Indias Government And Tech Companies Find Common Ground. Will India align itself more with the Western world to counter Chinas growing influence: Canadian here. I wanted to know how you guys feel about Indias foreign relations as an upandcoming superpower. From an outside view it seems like China and India have some degree of adversity which looks like it will only increase as the US fades and new countries step up to fill the void. I think that undoubtedly China and India will be 1 and 2 in either order in the world in terms of economy and influence which is bound to create more tension. I want to know who you guys see as future allies/partners. I know that Russia and India have historically had strong relations. I wonder if this relationship will change if Russia supports China and the US goes the opposite way. Also what are your views on Canada/Canadians . GST to extend pain borne by auto firms from note ban BSIII shocks. While note ban hit auto sales in December quarter offloading BSIII inventory led to lower profits in March quarter and now GST threatens to disrupt business. GST blues Millennials get ready for a tougher life after July 1. GST IB conducts GSTN safety audit week ahead of rollout. NATGRID to Get PAN Taxpayer Data Access. What is the solution for Indias Rs10000000000000 bad loan problem. Global cities will now emulate Bengalurus TenderSure roads Times of India. Farm loan waivers may cost Rs1.52.3 trillion report. Banks get 30 days to deposit demonetised currency with RBI. The flip side of GST its impact on the informal economy. Antinationa... oh wait.. The flip side of GST its impact on the informal economy. Maharashtra farmers burn down police van disrupt traffic to protest against airport plan. Farmers were protesting against a proposed international airport at Nevali about 45 km northeast of Mumbai.. Port City Of Mundra Is Losing Its Mojo. Paint I Am Poor on Your Walls Rajasthan Government Tells BPL Families. TB patients will need Aadhaar for cash benefits. US announces 7.5 Million to Advance Indias Power Grid. Inspectors must have wellbrushed teeth and will be disqualified if they have a pigeon chest knock knees flatfeet and hammer toes India finally says goodbye to its old and silly laws: [deleted]. Affordability and Interior Designers How Much They Actually Cost: [deleted]. GST effect on computer prices: Anyone has an idea how GST will affect computer prices. Increase or decrease the prices of computer hardware products I am looking to buy a new PC this weekend.. Jyoti Structures Alok Industries next for insolvency Essar Bhushan Steel and Electrosteel to be discussed today. Banks have outstanding loans worth Rs 45000 crore to Essar Steel Rs 47000 crore to Bhushan Steel and Rs 11000 crore to Electrosteel Steels.. Top 10 Wool Producing States in India The top 5 accounts for 80 of total production.: [deleted]. Fears over ICHR objectivity goal. How Saudi Arabias expat dependent tax will affect Indian families. Does Delhis government Mohalla Clinic hold out promise. Govt sold its 2.5 stake in LampT to staterun entities including SBI amp LIC for about Rs 4200 crore.. Air India How history will come full circle if Tatas buy Air India The Economic Times. How cheap or costly are world cities in Indian rupees. Govt sells 2.5 stake in LampT held via SUUTI raises Rs4000 crore: [deleted]. A Policy to Eliminate ToiletLess People. Sources Tata Group Govt hold informal talks on Air India privatisation.. Bribes Borders And Middlemen Why GST Is A Game Changer.. HomeEconomy Narendra Modi government set to shut down 5 sick PSUs PEC Bharat Wagon Elgin Mills on list Narendra Modi government set to shut down 5 sick PSUs PEC Bharat Wagon Elgin Mills on list.. A Grain of Truth RCEP And The Corporate Hijack Of Indian Agriculture. What is the solution for Indias Rs10000000000000 bad loan problem. GST Return Process. Removing permit cap for taxis autos good move from Maharashtra govt Bajaj Auto. There were reports suggesting that the Maharashtra government has now removed the cap on taxi and auto rickshaw permits which could be a big positive for Bajaj. Do ratings agencies have a bias against India. Government Says Letter Asking To Link Property To Aadhaar Is Fake: [deleted]. Saudi Arabia Indians brace for Saudi family tax. Bribes Borders And Middlemen Why GST Is A Game Change. Will Hemp products go mainstream in India. Finance Bill 2017 makes it easy to launder money through a political party Heres how [Apr 17]. CIC indicts NCW for inaction on sexual harassment complaints RTI applications. GST rate A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017. Show Aadhaar to get cash benefits says government to TB patients. The Sons of Earth 300 million in Crisis Indias Biggest Future Crisis Unfolding. Maharashtra government to formulate beach shack policy. Air India revival Cabinet to take a call on future course says Jayant Sinha. OPEC SecretaryGeneral termed demonetisation visionary GST as bold move by PM Narendra Modi reveals Dharmendra Pradhan. As Indias Economic Indicators Slump FDI Inflows Have Never Looked Better. Why Data reveals that a substantial portion of Indias FDI inflows comes from foreign investors claiming bigger stakes in Indian startups and brownfield ventures across various sectors. What does this mean for job creation. 7th Pay Commission PSU officers to get massive pay hikes soon. India To Grow At 7.4 As World Growth Sees Cyclical Peak Says Fitch. Maharashtra to end Permit Raj for autos and taxis. Why controlling the population is critical for India. Say no to privacy: [deleted]. Gujarats Solar Irrigation Cooperative Has A Solution For Indias Groundwater Crisis. Indian Government to Recommend Bitcoin Regulation Within 6 Months. 10 days before GST launch nobody is sure whether the new tax regime will roll out on time. So much for encouraging digital payments after GST your credit card bills will be taxed more. India Will Become Data Rich Before it Becomes Financially Rich. Due to strict deadline of Swachh Bharat Mission officials are now intimidating communities to stop open defecation. Is it better for India to have bigger but fewer banks. India To Ratify International Customs Convention. Is Aadhaar Safe The Urban Debate June 19. Punjab Has Just Announced Free Education For Girls From Nursery To PhD. The Aadhaar Card and the Debates It Has Inspired. News in Numbers Punjab farm loan waiver to benefit 10.25 lakh farmers. Modi government is both profarmer and proindustry Amit Shah. Ebay Spoiler alert GSTIN: [deleted]. GST will bring down property prices Venkaiah. Free education for girls in Punjab from Nursery to PhD. India Is About to Upend the Global Beef Trade: [deleted]. From 11 to 2.2 five factors explain vanishing India inflation. Trumps India Partner Ties to Modi Asks Conflict What Conflict: [deleted]. The only solution to the agrarian crisis of supply far exceeding demand is be linking global markets we can begin by linking Asian Markets for example farmers in India can grow what people in China demand we as it is buy so much industrial products from China.: India and China should quickly build railway between them.. News in Numbers Punjab farm loan waiver to benefit 10.25 lakh farmers: [deleted]. Paytm Mall to hire 3000 agents to onboard local shopkeepers. GST to roll out from 1 July firms get extra time to file returns. Why you dont feel the recordlow inflation. How to Draft Questions and send them to a Member of Parliament A step by step guide.: Step 1 Check out the [Lok Sabha]http//164.100.47.194/Loksabha/Questions/Qtextsearch.aspx amp [Rajya Sabha]http//164.100.47.5/qsearch/qsearch.aspx website to see if the answer ALREADY EXISTS. Try different keywords and there is a chance someone might have already asked what you are thinking of. Step 2 If the question doesnt exist well done you have come up with something unique Now just go through random questions that have been asked previously. One nifty little trick is to check the [Questions List]http//164.100.47.194/Loksabha/Questions/questionlist.aspx for the latest and greatest questions. Step 3 Once you understand the format draft the question and send it to your MP Or tweet to them Or snail mail them The reason why Im asking YOU to draft it in the proper format is because it saves the MP some work and he/she is more likely to put your question in Parliament that way. Its just easier you see What you dont know how to contact them Have no fear a magical link is here [Lok Sabha Members details]http//164.100.47.194/Loksabha/Members/membercontactdetails.aspx and [Rajya Sabha members details]http//164.100.47.5/Newmembers/memberlist.aspx. Step 4 Your MP isnt responding or is a minister and cant ask questions Well then send it to another Send it to ten of them. Send it to a hundred. Someone will put it in Parliament trust me on this. One nice trick to find out which MP is active for filing questions is to go to PRS Legislative Researchs nifty [MP track]http//www.prsindia.org/mptrack/16loksabha/ and go through some profiles to see their performance. Stalk away Step 5 How to check if your question was answered Now there is a possibility that your MP might put in the question and it might not get selected in the random ballot. Or the question might get answered but the MP might forget to inform you. In which case at the end of the next session just do a keyword search on the Lok Sabha/Rajya Sabha website. You will instantly find out if it was answered. If it was in the news recently there is a high possibility there is a question on it. For a more detailed post on what are parliamentary questions amp how they are the best thing in the goddamn universe [do read this]https//www.newslaundry.com/2017/06/19/loksabhaquestionhourparliament. Cheers. Where does a Rs100 bank deposit go. Maths to be optional in class 10 Heres what Bombay HC said. Mobile theft complaints surge as GRP register them as FIRs. Chennai buses charge more than stipulated rates RTI. CIC TO PMO WHY IS BCCI USING BRITISHERA LOGO. Central Information Commission issues notice to NCW for inaction in sexual harassment plaint. At 6 complaints per day Jayanagar reports most crimes in Bengaluru. Punjab To Waive Crop Loans Of 8.75 Lakh Small And Marginal Farmers. UP govt makes it compulsory for patients kin to have Aadhaar card to get ambulance Times of India. Breaking news Indian government committee in favour of regulating bitcoins. Setting up task force: [deleted]. Punjab Assembly passes GST Bill unanimously. Inflation From 11 to 2.2 Five charts explain vanishing India inflation. UP govt makes it compulsory for patients kin to have Aadhaar card to get ambulance Times of India. Supreme Court Judgments On Mobile Reverification And AadhaarPan Linking Have Made Aadhaar Optional Or Are Per Incuriam. TataGroup amp American aerospace giant LockheedMartin sign unprecedented deal to produceoperate ampexport combatproven F16 fighters in India: [deleted]. It is a one nation eight tax rate structure but it isnt bad one to start with. Dividend tax to add Rs 740 cr burden on MF retail investors. No departure card requirement for Indians flying abroad from 1 July. Punjab CM Amarinder Singh announces crop loan waiver for 10.25 lakh farmers. Mandatory Aadhaar and Bank Accounts How Much This is Legal. Cattle slaughter crackdown ripples through Indias leather industry The Indian Express. Aadhaar linkage defeats the very purpose it is being brought in for. Linking them to bank accounts is the best way to park black money make financial transfers unauditable and launder money.: RBI is empowered by the Payment and Settlement Systems Act 2007 to regulate payment systems in the country. https//rbidocs.rbi.org.in/rdocs/Publications/PDFs/86706.pdf Its payment and settlement systems requires compliance to international standards. It should have access controls be equipped with safeguards to prevent external intrusions provide audit trails. http//www.bis.org/publ/bcbs98.pdf. Electronic funds transfers includes point of sale transfers ATM transactions direct deposits or withdrawal of funds transfers initiated by telephone internet and card payments. For over a decade banks have used RBIs own payment system NEFT to facilitate your online money transfers https//www.rbi.org.in/scripts/bsviewcontent.aspxId2346. Your money is transferred to the recipients account in hourly schedules to settle payables amp receivables from each bank from in that hour. In case your transfer fails your money is back in your account. If you make larger transfers say Rs2 lakh and above then you will have to use RBIs RTGS to make the transferhttps//www.rbi.org.in/scripts/FAQView.aspxId65. In this case the gross amount is moved from your account to the recipient account directly. In case the transaction fails your money is reversed back to you. You need to be logged into your bank account to initiate an NEFT or RTGS transfers. Only a valid bank account can receive funds making electronic transfers the bank and the trace of money cannot be altered. As NEFT amp RTGS transfers leave a audit trail that cannot be altered they cannot be used for money laundering. AadhaarEnabled Payment System or AEPS facilitates deposit amp withdrawal from AadhaarEnabled Bank Accounts AEBA[https//authportal.uidai.gov.in/homearticlesurlTitleaadhaarenabledpayments]. AEPS must be licensed by RBI under the Payment and Settlement Systems Act 2007. National Payments Corp of India or NPCI a non government public company runs the Aadhaar Enabled Payment System AEPShttps//pbs.twimg.com/media/DCqjSA1WsAAU6H.jpg. UIDAI has a MOU with NPCI. UIDAI has no responsibility for your transactions amp NPCI has no obligation to RBI. AEPS facilitates the withdrawal amp deposit of money from AEBA accounts or bank accounts where an Aadhaar number is linked to the bank account. Linking Aadhaar to a bank account is done through a process called as seeding an Aadhaar number to a bank account. After receiving the Aadhaar number from the customer the bank uploads such numbers into a NPCI mapper or a repository of Aadhaar numbers. The NPCI mapper is used for the purpose of routing transactions to the destination banks. The NPCI mapper contains Aadhaar number amp IIN a unique 6digit number issued by NPCI to the participating bank [NPCI FAQ on AEPS]http//www.npci.org.in/documents/CustomerFAQs.pdf. If anyone seeds a new bank AC with your Aadhaar only that banks IIN will be associated with the Aadhaarhttp//www.iba.org.in/upload/MicroATMStandardsv1.5.1Clean.pdf. Once Aadhaar enabled you can make money transfers from your AEBA by providing the source and destination IIN and Aadhaar number. It is not impossible for anyone in possession of your Aadhaar to open multiple accounts linked to your Aadhaar. It is therefore possible for alternate accounts to receive money transferred to your Aadhaar amp then point the mapper back to your original account. This destroys the trace of which account the money was deposited to or even came from. Such untraceability allows different accounts to park money at different times or even become conduits for money transfers. Such accounts can also become conduits to claim undeserved benefits from Consolidated Fund of India that would never be traced once released. Such a system would make it near impossible to detect fraud amp crime. This is a recipe for embezzling government treasury with no complaints no audit trail and no punishment. Bankers call any transactions that are not traceable as money laundering. Aadhaar Leaks exposed hundreds of million Aadhaar numbers amp bank accounts that exposing them to such misuse. Even if Aadhaar numbers were proof of identity which it is not linking them to bank accounts is the best way to park black money make financial transfers unauditable propagate money laundering and financial fraud. By enabling Aadhaar linkages with bank accounts the government is enabling fraud propagation across the entire banking industry that will result in widespread and irreversible damage. PIL 932/2013 not heard since 2013 before the SC has challenged Aadhaar linkages to banking and prayed for delinking Aadhaar from banking. If this investigation into Aadhaar linkage is not sufficient to make a prudent banker lose sleep we may not have any prudent bankers left. Do our policy makers have the time or inclination to apply themselves to protecting national interest amp assets Or to reflect on the implications of their actions or to seek counsel amp protect the nation and its assets Embroiling the unbanked amp banked into this mess is no financial inclusion it is a debt warrant. The government is subverting justice by not allowing the SC to hear amp judge the matter. This is not a matter of deciding privacy it is about national interest amp our economy. When impacts are not localized and non spreading interdependence increases propagating impacts. This results in irreversible and widespread damage and the probability of devastation ultimately to the point of certainty. Aadhaar is propagating exactly such impacts that are not localised or nonspreading. Containing the nations risk from black swans requires applying the precautionary principle. http//www.fooledbyrandomness.com/pp2.pdf. An essential feature of a payment system is to guarantee the trace of payments should not be alterable. Another feature is that it should not be possible to freeze your bank account without recourse to redressal amp justice. NEFT and RTGS are RBIs own payment systems that have been time tested. There is no reason to switch public payments to any other payment system particularly one run by nongovernment private companies. The replacement of a time tested standard under government regulation by a nongovernment company raises several questions. This thread is based on article previously published in Sep 2014 http//www.moneylife.in/article/howaadhaarlinkagecandestroybanks/38736.html. Scenario today worse as warnings have gone unheeded. Source Anupam Saraph. 60 of all eastbound trains ran late in May. RBIs Prachi Mishra Head of Strategic Research Unit and Rajan Hire Leaves Central Bank. Telcom operators to pay subscribers a penalty of Rs 5000 for poor services TRAITech2. GST to roll out from 1 July firms get extra time to file returns: [deleted]. ModiTrump meeting Ahead of PM Modi visit US lawmakers ask India to rethink price cap on stents. India needs solar for more than lighting. GST impact How GST will impact your household budget. Has anything got cheaper after GST: I was going through the list of price changes after GST and except marginal reduction in air fares I could hardly find any instance of price reduction. In most cases price has increased.. Petrol and Diesel prices change daily now check the prices for today all around India at this site.. When Article 21 Is Reduced Into A Rope Of Sand Live Law. Has anything got cheaper after GST: [removed]. Lenders Tightening Underwriting Standards For Advances To Farmers After Loan Waivers Says Moodys. 5 Farmer Suicides In 2 Weeks Despite Uttar Pradeshs Loan Waiver Scheme. Haryana farm loan waiver As agitation stays on course state government starts gathering data. Now fishermen want loan waiver in Maharashtra. No GST on Tirupati laddu and human hair. Girl questions GST on braillers. Andhra demands exemption for textiles and fertilisers from GST. Quora question Why arent India and Africa wealthier. 10 point summary on gst updates. an end to the era of black money. QUORA QUESTION WHY ARENT INDIA AND AFRICA WEALTHIER: [deleted]. GST yarn and cloth traders observed bandh yesterday looms shutdown after 25/6/17 mainstream media is not covering this: 1. Leaving Malegaon. A few important updates Yarn amp cloth traders observed bandh yday to oppose GST . Heard even Surat traders did. 2. No news in the media. Appears that they are busy in more pressing matters like Modi taking dishonest credit for KochiMetro 3. Total......I repeat....TOTAL.....textile business is gonna close down if GST is implemented from 1/7/17 in its present form. Mark it. 4. some comments from people I spoke to BR Bhania Iss baar sab bandh karke bhajan karna hai. Jai SriRam. 5. Vinod Sharma Atangi laga di Modi ji ne. Jis vyapari ne usse vote diya usska hi bhatta bithane par tula hua hai. Kho diyo so kyun. 6. Md. Nazir Mussalmanon ka business khatam karne ke chakkar mein Hindu vyapari bhi nahi bachega. Pados ki aag tumhara bhi ghar phunkegi. 7. If GOI thinks businesses are preparing for GST its in for a rude shock. They are planning to close down. They are collecting pieces 8. Cloth traders who have offices amp businesses in 34 States have stopped purchases. All forward contracts post 1/7/17 stand cancelled 9. Jayashree a Mumbai based exporter having offices in Ahmadabad amp Jetpur has stopped buying fabric completely. Total syapa. 10. Loom owners have decided to close down from 25/6/17. Post Eid looms would remain shut for 30 days. Time for GOI to wake up. Source Farmer on Twitter [RURALINDIA]https//twitter.com/RURALINDIA. Of farm loan waivers and rogue companies. As of March 2016 only 6 of agricultural loans turned toxic while companies defaulted on a massive 14 of their loans [Old May 2017]. Perhaps for the first time since India became the Republic the post of AG has been lying vacant for nearly 5 days Live Law. Government to start mapping your online shopping habits. Government banned the display and sale of 158 species and has made mandatory the appointment of a fulltime fisheries expert for monitoring the health of the fishes.. A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017. On Aadhaar linking with bank account late night rants...when witnessing the way we silently embrace slavery to quench our thirst for the hatred:  Whimsical executive orders are taking away one by one our financial freedoms From DeMon to PANAadhaar now Aadhaar to bank a/c linking All checks and balances yep the ones we were all along flaunting as strength about our democracy are now groveling before the executive The way we surrendered shamelessly during demonetisation literally emboldened the Executive to snatch away our remaining rights amp freedoms When the Executive tramples over the Apex Court orders the Court look elsewhere and procrastinate..what else can be more depressing Sadly the opposition is not able to educate the people about the dangers of this slavery or they too drool at the future possibilities Yep by forcing Aadhaar linking to bank account the State is acquiring draconian powers of immense proportions to cripple you financially In the guise of fighting corruption this regime is snatching away our financial freedoms to bail out their corporate corny sponsors They will monitor and cripple our finances but will fight with tooth and nail against disclosing the defaulting corporate honchos NPAs Regime will throw small fishes like Mallaya to the arena of 24x7 TV often to make you believe that they are on a crusade against corruption Loans for the biggest defaulters will be restructured robbing us and they will fly along with the Emperor to ink business deals all around For you the gullible the Emperor will hold rock shows and wedding type photoops..indulge and drown in his teleprompter oratory skills Then they will stir ur deep rooted hatred yep that is the one you hold against ur fellow citizens for ur own failures and short comings I dont know when we will wake up from this addiction of hatred Emperor uses it effectively to divide and rule us shaming even the British Ask yourself...what sort of a country you want to leave to your children one which is founded on slavery and flourishing on hatred Source James Wilson on twitter [jamewils]https//twitter.com/jamewils Edit Removed bold. Now that its going to be mandatory to link Aadhaar to bank accounts lets ask a few basic questions shall we:  Under which law is Aadhaar being made mandatory for banking The Act says exp from Consolidated Fund of India. The Aadhaar Act CLEARLY says its for expenditure from Consolidated fund of India. Dont understand how mobiles amp air travel fall under this. http//imgur.com/gallery/p3IOt What happens if Aadhaar gets randomly deactivated How does a person access his/her own hard earned money http//imgur.com/gallery/W5PdB Supreme Court is yet to decide properly on the mandatory nature of Aadhaar. How is the Gormint going ahead and violate SC orders Never Forget Aadhaar was passed as a Money Bill in Parliament amp it is being made mandatory for mobile phones amp soon air travel HOW Aadhaar Regulations r messed up amp ILLEGAL. There is NO Grievance Redressal mechanism Delegated legislation max https//www.newslaundry.com/2017/05/02/aadhaaractitsawebofregulationsoutthere Nobody can go to court against UIDAI amp only UIDAI can file FIRs against itself. So were supposed to just believe its foolproof then Do laws not mean anything anymore If Govt is doing this with Aadhaar what else will they do outside the law Literally anything What is the SC waiting for Does it want this project to become too big to fail so that they can go \/ Source Meghnad on twitter [memeghnad]https//twitter.com/Memeghnad u/kumbhakaran on Reddit Edit Removed bold. NRIs are not entitled to apply for Aadhaar. Acc. to Sec 3.1 of the Aadhaar Act16 only a resident shall be entitled to obtain Aadhaar no.. Govt has 7point strategy to double farmers income Prakash Javadekar. Kolkata Metros project drags on may take 17 years to complete. Kolkata Metros project drags on may take 17 years to complete: [deleted]. Will home appliances be costlier post GST What will be the hike in : Ive been reading conflicting reports. Some say it wont change and some say things will be costlier. Can someone give a definitive answer. Justice Who Gave Life Saving PIL For Judiciary. Why was inheritance tax abolished in India: TIL that many randians have rich fathers who they wish to mooch off for the rest of their lives.. Breaking GST could possibly be delayed because of IT network not ready.: Defer GST since IT network not ready Assocham tells Arun Jaitley http//www.livemint.com/Politics/FWZ2ajW0L5vQZYL0SUbLTK/DeferGSTsinceITnetworknotreadyAssochamtellsArunJa.html GST is a massive IT challenge if it isnt Ready it cant be done.. Income tax collections rise 26.2.. Defer GST since IT network not ready Assocham tells Arun Jaitley. Govt has 7point strategy to double farmers income Prakash Javadekar: [deleted]. Offline tool will launch 25 to upload sales data in GST Current Trending News. Cattle slaughter crackdown ripples through Indias leather industry. Make in India stumbles on jobless growth. GST Is Proving to Be a Procedural Nightmare for Small Service Providers and Traders. Rajya Sabha TV Ground Report Farmers crisis Hindi. Chief Statistician Says India Has No Inflation Problem. Indias new Goods amp Services Tax hopes to boost economy by improving tax collection. IndianAmerican entrepreneur latest selfmade billionaire in Chicago Times of India. If bank or telecom service provider demands Aadhaar take a printout of this post with Supreme Court rulings that it is not mandatory and is pending hearing by Constitutional Bench of Supreme Court: Relevant text of standing Supreme Court orders prohibiting mandatory use of Aadhaar with links to full text. Date 23rd September 2013 Bench Justices B.S. Chauhan and S.A. Bobde More so no person shall be deprived of any service for want of Aadhaar number in case he/she is otherwise eligible/entitled. All the authorities are directed to modify their forms/circulars/likes so as to not compulsorily require the Aadhaar number in order to meet the requirement of the interim order passed by this Court forthwith. Full order here http//judis.nic.in/temp/494201232392013p.txt Date 26th November 2013 Bench Justices B.S. Chauhan and S.A. Bobde Interim order to continue in the meantime. Full order here http//judis.nic.in/temp/4942012326112013p.txt Date 24th March 2014 Bench Justices B.S. Chauhan and J. Chelameswar More so no person shall be deprived of any service for want of Aadhaar number in case he/she is otherwise eligible/entitled. All the authorities are directed to modify their forms/circulars/likes so as to not compulsorily require the Aadhaar number in order to meet the requirement of the interim order passed by this Court forthwith. Full order here http//courtnic.nic.in/supremecourt/temp/2524201422432014p.txt Date 16th March 2015 Bench Justices J. Chelameswar S.A. Bobde and C. Nagappan In the meanwhile it is brought to our notice that in certain quarters Aadhaar identification is being insisted upon by the various authorities we do not propose to go into specific instances. Since Union of India is represented by learned Solicitor General and all the States are represented through their respective counsel we expect that both the Union of India and States and all their functionaries should adhere to the Order passed by this Court on 23rd September 2013. Full order here https//drive.google.com/file/d/0BE4CLtzu4ynVjV2S3BiMVVzSzQ/view Date 11th August 2015 Bench Justices J. Chelameswar S.A. Bobde and C. Nagappan 1. The Union of India shall give wide publicity in the electronic and print media including radion and television networks that it is not mandatory for a citizen to obtain an Aadhaar card 2. The production of an Aadhaar card will not be condition for obtaining any benefits otherwise due to a citizen. Full order here http//finmin.nic.in/dbt/DBT3WPC372015interimOrderSC19082015.pdf Date 15th October 2015 Bench Chief Justice Dattu Justices Eqbal Nagappan Mishra and Roy 4. We impress upon the Union of India that it shall strictly follow all the earlier orders passed by this Court commencing from 23.09.2013. 5. We will also make it clear that the Aadhaar card Scheme is purely voluntary and it cannot be made mandatory till the matter is finally decided by this Court one way or the other. Full order here http//supremecourtofindia.nic.in/FileServer/201510161444976434.pdf Date 14th September 2016 Bench Justices V.G. Gowda and A.K. Goel Having regard to the facts and circumstances of the case the material evidence available on record and the submissions made by the learned senior counsel we stay the operation and implementation of letters dated 14.07.2006 i.e. Annexure P5 P6 and P7 for PreMatric Scholarship Scheme PostMatric Scholarship Scheme and MeritcumMeans Scholarship Scheme to the extent they have made submission of Aadhaar mandatory and direct the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology Government of India i.e. Respondent No.2 to remove Aadhaar number as a mandatory condition for student Registration form at the National Scholarship Portal of Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology Government of India at the website http//scholarships.gov.in/newStudentRegFrm and stay the implementation of clause c of the Important Instructions of the advertisement dated 20.08.2016 for the PreMatric Scholarship Scheme PostMatric Scholarship Scheme and MeritcumMeans Scholarship Scheme during the pendency of this writ petition. Full order here http//www.governancenow.com/files/UID2020SC20order20of201420September202016.pdf Relevant text of standing Supreme Court orders prohibiting mandatory use of Aadhaar consolidated. http//imgur.com/gallery/LcHsm Source india subsidy data on Twitter [databaazi]https//twitter.com/databaazi. Relevant text of standing Supreme Court orders prohibiting mandatory use of Aadhaar with links to full text.: [deleted]. Pakistan JF 17 Thunder Deal with Myanmar: [deleted]. What Top Lawyers Made Of Governments Latest Aadhaar Dictat. What Top Lawyers Made Of Governments Latest Aadhaar Dictat: [deleted]. [NP]People living in extreme poverty 19932013.. Telecom operators urge Trai to create and impose floor price on voice and data servicesTech2. Karnataka HC strikes down govt order No Rs 200 cap on movie tickets on weekends holidays. Telecom companies demand improved rate for interconnect and reduced spectrum chargeTech2. The great highway loot. India 20 Internet Shutdowns in 2017 Recent internet shutdowns in Nashik on June 5. Forbes Go Bust Prescription For Indian Farmers Is A Death Warrant. Ravi Shankar Make India 1 trillion digital economy in 4 yrs Ravi Shankar Prasad to industry. Government targets 146 districts to accelerate Indias population control drive. No Jobs And Now No Skills. Aadhaar Is Not Mandatory For Bank Accounts And Bank Purposes. Government targets 146 districts to accelerate Indias population control drive: [deleted]. Tax Rates Before And After GST. How GST will impact the bloggers in India Impact of GST Registration on Blogging. India Gears Up to Enter the Eurasian Integration Path [x post r/EEU]. Aadhaar mandatory for bank accounts /. Aadhaar must be linked to bank accounts by December 31 mandatory for opening new accounts. Narendra Modi Narendra Modi government finally manages to break the Swiss bank black money vault. Aadhaar card Aadhaar mandatory for opening bank account financial transactions of Rs 50000 and above: [deleted]. Government Makes Aadhaar Mandatory For Opening Bank Accounts And For Transactions Above Rs 50000. All existing account holders asked to submit Aadhaar to banks by Dec 31 2017 failing which accounts will become invalid. Green panel nod for Rs 2600 crore GMR Hyderabad airport expansion plan. Indian Navy to get additional P8i Submarine Killer Reconnaissance aircraft in 2020. GST is raising many questions for Indian Bloggers: Should Indian bloggers register for GST What are the steps to be taken by Indian bloggers in regard to GST Please provide important details and cite reliable sources. . Closing gender gap in jobs by 2025 can add 1 trillion to Indias economy ILO. Narendra Modi and the Oil Lottery. Government near to imposing basic customs duty of at least 10 on smartphones. The slowing salary hikes at Indian companies. Centre to reduce stake in MSTC to 64. Taxing the disabled. Disability rights groups protest GST. GST to be death knell for Surats Rs 50000cr textile industry. GST rules for cell towers a regressive step TAIPA. Grain traders shut shop protest against imposition of GST. AIIMS MBBS result 2017 Top 10 from one Kota coaching school. Isnt it odd This All India Institute of Medical Sciences AIIMS MBBS 2017 examination results must be treated as a wakeup call by the policy makers and all those who are involved in the setting the papers.. Led by gold imports May trade deficit jumps to 30month high. Air India privatisation Government may write off dues up to Rs 30000 crore. Instead of farm loan waivers invest more in agricultural infrastructure. Russia wont mediate between India and Pakistan Russian diplomat dismisses notion as wishful thinking. China Will Fund 12 Billion MegaDam Opposed By India Says Pakistan: [deleted]. Cost borne by the Government for the maintenance of cash is Rs 21000 Cr/yr. Why not partially subsidise the online transactions from the allocated budget: [removed]. Cost borne by the Government for the maintenance of cash is Rs 21000 Cr/yr. Why not partially subsidise the online transactions from the allocated budget: [removed]. Population imbalance More people in Bangladesh West Bengal Jharkhand Bihar than US Russia put together. Farmer Loans Is India faced with a 3.1 lakh crore farmloan waiver And will it help. Petrol price cut by Rs 3.05 per litre diesel hiked by 50 paise. Indias renewable energy revolution is racing ahead. how do courts in India sentence convicted criminals:  In the small off chance that a thief is caught in India what happens And the larger question is how do courts in India sentence convicted criminals Thats what Srijoni Sen and Sakshi of the Vidhi Centre for Legal Policy are looking at in a [recent article]http//www.epw.in/journal/2017/8/commentary/makingpunishmentfitcrime.html in the Economic and Political Weekly. And according to them the system is far too arbitrary and dependent of an individuals discretion for comfort. This problem they argue doesnt end with creating a sentencing policy for the judiciary. For both central and state governments creating laws that prescribe heavy punishment is seen as a way to prove that theyre doing something about a particular problem. According to the authors gt If one takes a shortterm view of the matter some of these increases in penalties seem justified they are attempts to deter wrongs that cause significant societal harm. However the growing trend of indiscriminate increases in the maximum penalties prescribed leaves us with troubling questions around the meanings of punishment. While several judges have recognised the problem for them it stops with the judiciary. But given this mood in lawmaking the authors argue parliament needs to be involved too. Legislation has more and more been limiting the kinds of punishments to prison sentences fines and in some cases the death penalty. The judiciary is not encouraged t give sentences that also take into account rehabilitation. There are several problems that exist with sentencing policy in India today the authors point out. The first is that stringent laws that have serious punishments often depend on the mood of the state and not the logics of criminal law as is being seen in the cattle slaughter debate. Second there are new laws created that give sometimes justified harsher punishments but these clash with old laws that prescribe barely any repercussions. Third there are statelevel inconsistencies in prescribed punishments for the same crime even when the intent behind the law is the same. And fourth legislative guidance provided to the judiciary is woefully inadequate. Judges are often not told enough about what outcomes the legislature is expecting when making a certain law or what the intent behind it is. All of these the authors argue form a part of the larger problem gt The penal system in India operates around the assumption that an appropriate response to crime is a higher sentence in law. Punishments are expressed only as terms of imprisonment the length of which correspond imperfectly as shown above to the alleged gravity of the offence. However at the stage of determining a just punishment the legislature is also required to incorporate values of reformation reintegration and consequences of punishment to the society. As a first step to dealing with this problem the authors suggest creating a repository of how judges across the country are sentencing similar crimes. This can then help in setting a standard accompanied by discussions that place importance on rehabilitation as well. Excerpt from [Collidoscope The Wires weekly newsletter on social science research.]https//www.thewire.in/144514/collidoscopesocialscience17/ Could have linked the article directly but I presumed nobody might actually read. The newsletter is actually very interesting subscribe to it.. RBI Banks And NPAs First Reform Indias Bankruptcy Code Then Force Defaulters Into It. Why is the government threatened by womens studies centres in Indian universities: [deleted]. Millions of Indian Businesses Will Soon Try Something New Paying Taxes. Farmer Loans Is India faced with a 3.1 lakh crore farmloan waiver And will it help: [deleted]. RTI reveals shocking Govt approved rates for movie theatres in Tamilnadu. Say bye to boring railway food get Dominos pizza McDonalds burgers on trains from today. Put off GST rollout to Sept. 1 Aviation Ministry tells FinMin. CIC directs CBDT to equip its Officials to discharge their Duties under RTI Act [Read Order] Read more at http//www.taxscan.in/cicdirectscbdtequipofficialsdischargedutiesrtiact/8275/. Swachh Bharat Mission Man builds toilet after wife refuses to come home. India Now Faces 49.1 Bn FarmLoan Waivers16 Times 2017 Budget For Rural Roads. Daily fuel prices to vary from pump to pump. India top remittancereceiving country in 2016 UN report. Narendra Modi speech at Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2017 PM hails Bharatiyata Khoon ka Rishta with Indian diaspora: [deleted]. India informs UNHRC about evidence given to Pakistan on its support to Kashmir protests. Bad loans RBI is finally in the drivers seat but the ride is long and full of potholes. Foreigners investing above Rs 10 crore in India will be eligible for citizenship. Domestic airport in Tamil Nadu for Bengalureans.  8.2 crore spent on winter session in Belagavi says RTI activist. Class IX the real test for students. Swindlers List Increasing number of companies that have deliberately not paid their lenders despite having the ability to do so outstanding amount is Rs 94649 crores [INFOGRAPHIC]. The Incompetently Interesting Parking Scenario of Himachal Pradesh: For a basic introduction it should suffice to say that Himachal Pradesh being a hill state does not have an easy task of creating parking for vehicles. A problem most greatly seen in tourist destinations like Manali and Shimla where haphazardly parked vehicles on sides of roads create massive traffic jams. The solution from the government was to create several parking structures around these locations thus reducing parking on roads. To encourage the adoption of these centers vehicles parked on the side of the roads were challaned. As a regular visitor to the state I thought this was a great idea. No one wants to be stuck in traffic because some idiot parked his car wrong. The problem Immense shortsightedness. A couple of years ago tourists were being charged as much as 500Rs for a couple of hours of parking if they got the parking space that is. The government flew into action and basically did nothing. Parking contractors were asked to display their rate lists clearly and the prices were raised. On approved rates parking costs somewhere in the neighborhood of 150Rs a day varying slightly between location. Problem point 2 Remember they removed parking from roads Good step but thats where most of the citizens of the state park their cars. So these cars were moved to the parkings paying anything between 20003000 per month to the government. Parkings are full again where do the tourists go Welcome back to predatory pricing. Of course the parkings cant hold all the native vehicles from these cities so they theyre on the road too now mostly on nonmajor roads. So the city/state government issues more challans while also randomly zoning roadsides for parking and extracting more fee. I have once I shit you not paid for parking on the yellow line side of a road in the morning only to return in the afternoon and find that yellow line painted over and a challan stuck on the windshield. Yesterday I parked in a parking with automatic billing. Basically you enter a server takes in the time when you exit youre sent an sms with the amount owed. Except it was a few hours ahead and I had to quarrel with the parking attendents to make them understand that if I enter at 1 and leave at 3 the server time which says it is 5pm now is clearly wrong because any watch in the city says its 3pm Oh and heres the kicker Since the parking was not full on the day they opened it about a year ago they started leasing out space to businesses. Now the parking is nearly full with no room to expand. The state traffic police earns lakhs every day from challans and proudly publishes it. The government earns similar amounts through expensive parking. No wonder there is no solid solution to the problem in years. Who kills the hen that lays golden eggs. In RBIs spat with New Delhi reform is the victim. Does Narendra Modi have his ear to the ground. Indias false democracy the reason its 13 yrs behind china : [removed]. In RBIs spat with the government reform is the victim. Put off GST rollout to Sept. 1 Aviation Ministry tells FinMin. Indian Companies Ability To Pay Interest On Loans Hits New Low. I have a question regarding GST on sales of Software products.: I am an Android Developer and today I received email from google stating this https//justpaste.it/17vmw Am I required to register for GSTN It would be nice if you can help me on this. Thanks. India Now Faces 49.1 Bn FarmLoan Waivers16 Times 2017 Budget For Rural Roads Rs 3.1 lakh Cr 2.6 of GDP If Punjab Haryana TN Gujarat MP amp Ktaka join UP/Maharashtra in waiving farm loans.. Exclusive New Look Of Train Coaches Toilets.. Calls for farm loan waiver in Haryana as potato prices crash farmer debt surges. Unemployment is Up Because Make in India Other Official Schemes Arent Working. Indias renewable energy revolution is racing ahead. India Digital Payments A 500 Billion Dollar Pot of Gold: Why did Modi wants us to go cashless so desperately that he was even willing to disrupt the lives of every indian with his stupid demonetisation experiment Modi wants India to be a cashless economy 1. To track us and control our money. With digital payment everytime you buy something you leave a record of it in a database that can be used to profile your consumption habit and to track your location. And in the future if a government thinks you are an antinational they will be able to stop you from making any cashless payment in the name of national security. With hard cash in hand both cannot be done as easily as with digital payment. 2. To introduce a PRIVATE tax that will help his corporate buddies like PayTm elections are expensive affairs after all ... and his current 15 lakh suit is already out of fashion. Let me expand on 2 assume ONE 500 rupees paper note can survive 100 transaction before it disintegrates and cannot be used further. So when you give me a 500 note I will have 500 rupees in hand right And so on for all the 100 transactions. What happens when you make 100 DIGITAL transactions of the same 500 rupees When you give your 500 rupees digitally to someone the man in the middle that helps you do the transaction like PayTM or your bank will take a commission. Let us assume they take 1 commission. So either the giver or the reciever of the digital transaction will have to pay PayTM 1 of 500 rupees tax on that for the government which comes to Rs. 5 14.5 tax on Rs.5. Right For the sake of simplicity let us round off the commission tax to Rs. 5. So each time a 500 rupees is digitally transacted through PayTm one of the person in the transaction will keep losing 5 rupees. So by the time your 500 rupees in digital form has gone through 100 transactions PayTm and government would have got 5 x 100 500 rupees commission and tax This is an indirect way of TAXING us for spending our own hard earned money and giving it to PRIVATE companies Does Modi think we indians are all fools to part with our hard earned money like this Dont let him make a fool of us Please post this on your facebooks / twitter / Whatsapp / email so that more people become aware of this. I am sure even BJP workers will find this useful and thank us for saving their hard earned money Further suggested reading for the curious [500 Billion Pot of Gold]https//www.nationalheraldindia.com/news/2017/01/25/notebanmodifollowedscriptgooglevisapaytmsaygermanbusinessjournalistbloggernorbertharingdemonetisation.. Supreme Court Stays Mandatory Linking Of Aadhaar With PAN Till Constitution Bench Decides Constitutionality Of Aadhaar. Maharashtra accounts for 40 of the nations direct taxes collection. Uber Ola banned in Madhya Pradesh. India and Korea agree for more investments to fight protectionism. Whether India witnessed any leapfrog in the cashless payments due to DeMon amp the force feeding by Govt amp RBI fact check:  Here I am using the same yardsticks adopted by the RBI in its annual report of 201516 to do a detailed examination of the cashless payments For an effective comparison I have analysed the data for last 6 years ie FY 201112 to FY 201617. Used RBI amp NPCI data in public domain The cashless transactions are discussed in RBI Annual Report under Chapter IX. Payment and Settlement Systems and Information Technology This link will lead you to the above chapter in the RBI Annual Report 201516 https//m.rbi.org.in//scripts/AnnualReportPublications.aspxId1182 Systemically Important Financial Market infrastructures SIFMIs amp Retail Payments are 2 major components of cashless transactions The total volume of cashless transactions in the year 201516 was Rs.1723425 Billion ie Rs.172.34 lakh crores please note this number Also note that 89.7 of the cashless transactions happen under the head SIFMIs amp Retail Payment is only 10.3 during the year 201516 SIFMIs include RTGS and Total Financial Market Clearing viz CBLO Government Securities Clearing and Forex..yep..large token transactions But our interest is not in this big ticket transactions our interest is in the transactions in the retail payments..lets examine it detail RBI divided retail payment into 3 major sub categories viz. paper clearing retail electronic clearing amp card payments Paper clearing is not digital transactions though it is cashless transactions. It includes CTS MICR clearing amp NonMICR clearing To get the right perspective understand that during 201516 total paper clearing was 46 of total retail cashless payments As the digital payments takes centre stage paper clearing component is getting reduced over the years..now see how it fare over years Look at this Graph which will give a fair idea of how paper clearing is getting reduced over last 6 years and digital payments increases https//imgur.com/gallery/EsOE4 Reduction in paper clearing was 7 between 201112 to 201213 then next year it was 10 and for last 3 years it was 9 constant So it is clear that there was no sea change in the paper clearing taking over by the digital transactions due to DeMon in last year Now come back to the digital transactions in the retail payment sector which is divided into retail electronic clearing and card payments Retail Electronic Clearing is divided as ECS DR ECS CR NEFT IMPS amp NACH while Card Payments are divided Credit Cards Debit Cards amp PPIs So the amount of transactions happening in each components should be compared with total transactions to understand the nuances For example the much flaunted and hyped UPI amp BHIM are coming under the IMPS heading in the retail electronic clearing. so examine that Please see this table which is giving the total retail electronic payment retail electronic clearing card payments for the last 6 years https//imgur.com/gallery/rJDFJ so there was no jump in the total retail electronic payments due to DeMon in reality between 201112 and 201314 it shown more yY growth How much is IMPS value in the total electronic payments Rs. 4111 billion in Rs. 139611 billion for 201617 ie its just 2.94 Now pls understand that UPI is a portion of the IMPS amp this BHIM is a component of UPI..so whatever increase in UPI is just a drop on ocean To get the right perspective please examine the component of UPI for the month of April 2017 in the total electronic retail clearing Value of UPI for 4/17 is Rs. 22.41 billion while Total Retail Electronic Payments are Rs.14510.59 billion ie UPI volume is just 0.15 Our Call Drop Minister can make any excited statements and show you sharp graphs that UPI amp BHIM is shooting up..but its just drops in ocean Look at another perspective. As per latest NPCI data there are 1.454 crores download of BHIM amp 0.3976 crores transactions happened in May17 ie Daily 1.2825 lakh transactions are done using BHIM. ie Out of 1.454 crores downloads only 0.9 people use it for daily transactions When you compare this 1.2825 lakh daily transactions with the population of 125 crores you can see that daily BHIM is just used by 0.01 Of course BHIM with a transaction volume of 42716 amp amount of Rs. 0.02 bn in Dec16 is shot up to 3975750 trans amp Rs. 13.07 bn in May17 But when considering the total retail transactions this is a tiny drop..It is just a wild dream that these are replacing the CASH To understand this please look at the withdrawal of cash using Debit/ATM cards for the last 6 years https//imgur.com/gallery/p2WOs What is this graph indicates..see the blue line the number of transactions increased though there was cash crunch due to DeMon in last yr Now look at POS transactions under credit cards for last 6 years..understand that this is also just 2.4 of retail electronics transactions https//imgur.com/gallery/2DFOi IMPS transactions during the last year witnessed a sharp increase...please see this graph. But can it seen in isolation or its readjustment https//imgur.com/gallery/HoCdp Compare the ECS Dr amp ECS Cr between 201516 amp 201617. it was Rs. 2711 billion in 201516 which fall to Rs. 183.22 billion in 201617 It can be very well assumed that zero transaction fee of UPI tempted many people to discard ECS and embrace UPI/IMPS for payments ECS Dr is used to collect utility payments EMIs etc. Naturally people leave ECS amp embrace UPI to avoid little transaction fees there Look at NEFT transactions which is almost 50 of the total retail electronic transactions for last 6yrs. Nothing dramatic due to DeMon here https//imgur.com/gallery/YhNX9 Look at the total business volume of mobile wallets Rs.532 billion in 201617 from 206 billion in 201516 but this too 0.4 of Retail So there are readjustments in various components in the retail electronic payments amp some substantial increase in insignificant components But if you look at the larger picture of retail electronic transactions you can see that there is nothing dramatic happened due to DeMon A study by Boston Consulting Group amp Google titled Digital Payments 2020 reveals that 78 retail transactions are done with cash in India so whatever we are discussed here as total retail electronic transactions are just 2225 of the total retail transactions happening here Can you flaunt increase of even 200 of insignificant components like UPI and BHIM amp say that we are leapfrog to DIGITAL UTOPIA Ponder Government is still in a Fools paradise and throttle the cash flow which is very much needed for the rural and retail economy of country See all graphs shared by me here for doing an independent assessment to see that digital is happening for last couple of years as a CHOICE Force feeding or Emperors whimsical DeMon or the lucky dips didnt result in a huge behavioural change in Indians to embrace DIGITAL Rather than driven by petty and cheap ego hope that the Government will shed them and wake up to ensure enough cash needed for economy If Government still holding on to their petty ego and discarding the pressing needs of economy the nation will pay a heavy price Edit Source James Wilson on Twitter [jamewils]https//twitter.com/jamewils James Wilson is NOT on Reddit. I have his approval to mirror his Twitter threads on Reddit. James has retweeted a link to this post. Links to reddit posts are easier to share when compared to twitter threads. Id quoted a specific tweet of his to give him credit. It was taken down by mods stating that his Twitter account was unverified and I needed to remove the link to his tweet. Anyway the intent was to share the factbased rebuttal to the govt narrative. If you have any queries related to this post please address them directly to James Wilson on twitter.. Looking back at demonetisation The concerns of its legion of critics have all been proven plain wrong [March 302017]. Challenging Neoliberal Dogma Pushing Indian Farmers into Bankruptcy Isnt Development. Where are the Big Bang Reforms. Indias pursuit of energy transformation. RBI identifies 12 mega defaulters for insolvency their total NPA Rs 175000 cr. 25 of total NPA in these accounts with overdue above Rs 5000 crore each.. We Have Socialism for Corporates Capitalism for Farmers Devinder Sharma Warns Of Agrarian Explosion. All the losers in the great Indian game of farmloan waivers. India Launches Free Legal Aid via Video Conferencing to Villagers. How 15080 Profitable Indian Companies Paid No Tax in 201516. Many Indians want to study and work in UK. While I was reading Britains subreddit many seem to despise living in their country at present. In this post many suggest to get away from the country and work somewhere else. Is the situation that bad in UK: [deleted]. Festival Censorship is Quite Dangerous Fascist In Motives Leena Manimekalai. RBI Issues New Batch of 500 Notes. Heres Everything You Need to Know. ELI5 Why do citizens need to declare income: Why do citizens of a country need to declare thier income 1. Country assumes that a person will honestly declare how much their income is. 2. If the person has undeclared income IT dept sends them a notice 3. Why does the IT dept need people to declare income if they can already determine a persons income So it sounds like Declare the amount of income you can make us believe you have earned . Remembering Sharad Joshi the jeansclad farmer. Governments tips for a healthy baby Avoid lust nonveg. RBI says 12 accounts with 25 of bank bad loans identified for bankruptcy proceedings. Bihar government under Nitish Kumar and Lalu Yadav has a mixed record with propoor policies. My duplicate unique identity Santhosh Thottingal Medium. More than Mallya Huge bad loan problem driving public sector banks to court against loan defaulters. 12 Accounts Responsible For 25 Of Rs 8 Lakh Crore Bank Bad Loans RBI. Father of Indian Green Revolution MS Swaminathan hails Modi government. What exchange rates could I get in India for US Dollars from the informal sector: Currently 1 buys you Rs. 64.35 if I were to go to a bank. however private parties would pay much more. What exchange rate could I get from them. RBI Just 12 accounts responsible for 25 of Rs 8 lakh crore bad debt with banks. Indias Tech Firms Face Fundamental Shift From IT To More Advanced Tech. The Union Finance Ministry and NITI Aayog have separately pitched for setting up a Governmentowned Asset Reconstruction Company to take over banks Rs 700000 crore of stressed assets including NPAs and restructured loans of which corporates account for 70.: gt In response to an RTI application filed by The Indian Express the RBI disclosed that while bad debts stood at Rs 15551 crore for the financial year ending March 2012 they had shot up by over three times to Rs 52542 crore by the end of March 2015. . gt After a technical writeoff there is no incentive for banks to pursue recovery as noted by RBIs former deputy governor KC Chakrabarty in the past. Given the humongous bad loan problem at hand the writeoffs cannot be seen as just housekeeping. The Rs 114000 crore written off over just the last three years 201213 to 201415 is more than the writeoff over the previous nine years. So acute is the problem that both the Union finance ministry and NITI Aayog have separately pitched for setting up a governmentowned asset reconstruction company to take over banks bad assets. gt Most importantly writeoffs force the government to commit large dollops of capital so that banks continue to undertake normal lending operations in the coming years. The finance ministry has proposed to infuse Rs 70000 crore over the next four years which may not be enough. Capital infusion by the government is always at the taxpayers expense. Setting aside moneys from the Budget for this only precludes higher allocation for critical sectors such as health and education. [Source Rs 1.14 lakh crore of bad debts The great government bank writeoff]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/badloanfinancialyearrtirbibankloanraghuramrajanbadloanfinancialyearrtirbibankloanraghuramrajan1140000000000baddebtsthegreatgovtbankwriteoff/ gt The Public Accounts Committee of Parliament has estimated that the total bad loans of public sector banks termed as NonPerforming Assets NPAs stands at Rs 6.8 lakh crore. Of this amount 70 are of the corporates with farmers making up just 1. gt Credit rating agency India Ratings says that more than Rs 4lakh crore of stressed corporate loans is likely to be waived. [Source Farm loan waiver vs corporate loan largesse]http//www.hindustantimes.com/punjab/guestcolumnfarmloanwaivervscorporateloanlargesse/storyI3NY5vV5VqMWgiYUYYFJIO.html. Farmers ask government to roll back GST rate on raw tobacco. Essential drug prices to increase by 2.3 post GST. You can keep dreaming about a billion pounds Mallya: [deleted]. ELI5 What is Universal Basic Income Is it a valid policy option for India in the near future: Also is it a potential solution for the agricultural crisis especially for small farmers. Regarding Farm crisis symptoms disease and implementing solutions: The Symptoms farmer unrest riots suicides crime poverty backwardness low HDI these are just consequences not the root problems. Media/we does good job crying over these things. The Disease 1. 650 Million people depending on Agriculture. 2. of them 300 Million people directly dependent on Monsoon every year. 3. extremely low Productivity due to average farmer land owning is only 23 acres low quality breed of crops. 4. No or little Industries to move away from farms. 5. Almost no increase in jobs in other sectors in rural India. The Solutions 1. Move farmers away from farming to better Jobs. 2. Irrigation rain water harvesting water treatment building news canals 3. Research for high crop productivity large scale farming fertilizers nutrients for soil every year. Hybrid varieties. 4. Setup new Industries/factories. 5. Expand scope for other sectors of Economy to flourish. 6. Build brand new 50 new cities all over India for them to migrate. Plan tier2 tier3 cities in advance for Millions of people to migrate. 7. Fund Agriculture startups.. UAE visit visa warning for Indian workers. Regarding Agriculture we need to stop crying over symptoms and identify diseases and find solutions and implement them.: [deleted]. Complex web Why too many tax slabs could defeat the very idea of the Goods and Services Tax. Employer Confidence In India At Lowest Level Since 2005. Hello taxpayers Your money is about to be spent on ad agencies just to prove how shiny flawless Aadhaar is. [NP]:  Hello taxpayers Your money is about to be spent on ad agencies just to prove how shiny flawless Aadhaar is. http//m.economictimes.com/news/politicsandnation/uidaisetforanimagemakeovertospendrs30croreforitsmediacampaign/articleshow/38229744.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst You know wht else this money could be spent on FIXING ACTUAL FLAWS UIDAI be like fighting critics gt debugging Instead of saying OK that is definitely a flaw and we will fix it they are saying these critics have an agenda amp support corruption. The Govt UIDAI amp Aadhaar backers really REALLY need to stop being so flippant about personal data of citizens being leaked. Its not funny. Want to do an Ad campaign OK. Then do one on how Aadhaar can be misused by fraudsters to harm citizens NOTE Do not I repeat DO NOT give your Fingerprint more than once if youre seeking only ONE service. Even if corps tell you its SOP or some shit. Its extremely annoying that Govt is going to spend legit taxpayer money to disprove people like me who have been criticising Aadhaar. Get this straight this is a terrible investment. Criticism is increasing more people are dissing Aadhaar. UIDAI Solution MOAR ADS BTW that report is from 2014. Just think about it for a second. Back then it was 30 cr. Now its also linked to UPI amp Govt schemes. Aadhaar is now being promoted with multiple schemes so we dont even know how much is going for Aadhaar PR. http//m.economictimes.com/industry/services/advertising/aadhaarinitiativeandmakeinindiacampaignpromotingproductsorservicesthatdontdeliverisawasteofmoney/articleshow/51564896.cms Edit Source Meghnad on twitter [memeghnad]https//twitter.com/memeghnad. Farmers across country continue to commit suicides due to unpaid loans. TIL For the period from April 2016 to March 2017 the greatest FDI inflows were logged in Maharashtra USD 19654 million National Capital Region USD 5884 million Tamil Nadu USD 2218 million and Karnataka USD 2132 million.. AadhaarPAN Card Verdict A Win for NonAadhaar Holders a Bigger Win for the Government. Employer confidence in India dips to lowest since 2005 report. NU bank deposits jump Rs 350cr in 4 years RTI. Report says South India is doing far better than North.: [deleted]. The Coming Anarchy Indian Anarchist Federations Blog. Population 20 crores child labourers just 2211 in Uttar Pradesh. RBI introduces new Rs. 500 notes old notes remain valid. Mr Prime Minister give Indians dual nationality. According to the Japanese bank Mizuho Indians have a choice buy the iPhone 6S or pay or one year of groceries. Rs 1 lakh crore bad loans of corporates written off RBI Times of India [old][2013]. Guest column Farm loan waiver vs corporate loan largesse. Government to keep tab on Indias online spending. Startup India action plan falling short. Waive farmers loans BJP to Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah. Questions loom over Delhi govts Chunauti 2018 programme after 98 students fail Class X exams. Farmers wilfully defaulting on loans in hope of waiver Times of India: [deleted]. Indias Consumer Price Inflation Falls to Record Low of 2.18 Percent. Has corporate Indias financial health improved. Is India on the Verge of an Unemployment Crisis. Hits and misses in the Indian startup universe. Ministers panel starts hearing case for bailing out debtladen telecom firms. Cooling food prices send Indias retail inflation to lowest since 2012. Unemployment leading to anger hate amp unrest says Rahul Gandhi. Annual Press Conference by EAM on completion of 3 years of Government. Inflation rate lowers down to 2.18 per cent in May lowest since 2012. Karnataka should give right to way for power transmission line Goyal. India insist all online sellers register a tax number by 31st July. How are the electricity rates decided: https//www.bijlibachao.com/news/domesticelectricitylttariffslabsandratesforallstatesinindiain2016.html You can see here that across India there are different rates for domestic electricity. How states decide to fix this rates There are some examples hilarious imo pricing In Maharashtra rates are more than that of Mumbai In Haryana and Punjab rates are more than that of Chandigarh.. Agitation is inevitable if govt doesnt waive farmers loan warns Karnataka BJP: [deleted]. Waive farmers loans BJP to Karnataka CM Siddaramaiah: [deleted]. Tax from citizens Direct at essential services: Should the majority of the tax payers money be directed at essential services run by government like education hospitals transportation electricity water and sanitation etc that benefits the common man This doesnt mean restricting private sector from entering the competition vs govt. Why is it spent on some big shots retirement benefit . With 2.5 lakh Child labourers Uttar Pradesh ranks first High level of poverty and unemployment coupled with a lack of adequate social security net compel parents to allow their children to work compromising with their learning.. Why was Rule 49O invalidated How was it different from NOTA. How Indian Food Processing Industry procures Vegetable and other farm products Raw Material . Arunachal wants separate time zone to improve efficiency work hours. CEA Arvind Subramanian lecture on Indian Economy IIT Delhi Live Stream. IIT Delhi Live Stream: [deleted]. Arun Jaitley to states on farm loan waiver generate your own funds. Eway bill concern Why moving goods under GST can come to a grinding halt. Is India prepared for GST. Cautious optimism Does the Supreme Courts AadhaarPAN decision hold hope for a future victory. [NP][ASK] With loan waiver likely to cost us 2 of the GDP what is the solution to looming farming crisis in India: 1st of all I have marked this NP cuz Im not looking for political circlejerking. As a person who has a little bit of knowledge Im trying to understand what are the possible solution for distressed agriculture market and thus our farmers brethren. I have a bit of understanding on the matter. Some points 1 Farmers are always at the receiving end whether there is good or bad monsoon. If there is bad monsoon they lose because there is no crop to sell to the market. If there is sufficient monsoon they have bumper crop which means high supply and low demand which leads to prices go crashing. Indian agriculture is no longer a story of foodgrain. Since the turn of the Millennium the shortduration horticulture crop story has rapidly taken root for the fifth consecutive year its output has exceeded that of foodgrain. [Between 200102 and 201617 horticulture production doubled from 146 million tonnes mt to 295 mt while foodgrain rose from 213 mt to 273 mt]http//www.livemint.com/Opinion/wooFBiehXpK9MMptszx2SL/Thefarmloanwaiverconundrum.html. Thus there is no minimum support prices for these items. 2 Lately contribution of agriculture in the GDP has significantly gone down while dependence on agriculture as a means of job has not relatively gone down due to lack of formal jobs. In 2014 agriculture only contributed to the 17 of GDP while provided livelihood to the 49 of the total workforce. Agrisector simply cant provide jobs to this many people and the dependence is unsustainable. 3 With recent approval of loan waiver for UP amp Maharashtra other states are also going to demand loan waiver which is going to cost Indian economy USD 40 billion 2 of the GDP. 4 If you think farmers issues are overblown check the statistics on farmers suicide. For e.g [over 3000 farmers committed suicide in Maharashtra alone in 2015. Situation is more or less similar in other states like Karnataka TN UP etc]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/farmersuicidecaseinindiacropfailuredroughtdryzonesindianmonsoon2984125/. 5 There have also been reports of govt importing the food items like pulses onions even after the bumper crop at home. Im not sure how much of this is true but I recently heard this on the news. If thats the case its really disheartening because this will make the farmers even miserable financially. Having said this we all know loan waiver is not the ultimate solution. So what is the solution of this underlying problem Is there a way to increase the farm income for farmers Are there other issues/problems which weve not been able to figure out for e.g. One of my friends on the basis of anecdotal evidence says that most of the farmers do not take loan for agriactivities but to marry their daughters/sons. He also says the primary reason for farmers suicide is alcoholism and not debt. I dont know how verified both these claims are. . Election Commission asks government for contempt power to act against those who tarnish its image. The Election Commission has written to the Law Ministry asking it to amend the Contempt of Courts Act 1971 giving it powers to act against person or organisation sullying its image.. Kolkata to get Indias first underwater Metro. Why Indias bad loan problem is really bad. The Indian Farmer is Protesting About Much More Than Loan Waivers Gopalkrishna Gandhi. Over 15000 Indian companies made profits in 201516 but paid no tax. Heres why. RSSbacked farmers body attacks Centre. Changing face of the mob New narrative of nationalism has created dangerous public emotion. Three years of Modi govt Not all is well with Indias power sector. Give us contempt powers to act against those out to sully our image EC to Govt. Modi is silently and perhaps irreversibly transforming a critical area Indias bureaucracy. World Bank India flags errors in World Banks Ease of Doing Business report. Demonetisation impact Bank NPAs mount to Rs 614872 crore set to rise further. Onenight stand not marriage under Hindu law HC Times of India: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. 10.52 lakh bogus PAN cards cannot be termed miniscule number to harm economy Supreme Court. Oil Demand in India Rises Most Since Novembers Cash Clampdown. GST GST triggers another 80 online sale for Flipkart Amazon: [deleted]. RBI policy meeting No rift with Reserve Bank of India say senior government officials. Shashi Tharoors speech at Massachusetts Institute of Technology MIT on real estate opportunities in India. GST Council revises tax rates for 66 items. Why are our farmers angry P. Sainath on the latest phase of the agrarian crisis. TIL the first nation wide farm loan waiver was given by the V.P. Singh government of Janta Dal in 1990: Source http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/madhyapradeshmandsaurprotestloanwaiversfarmers/1/973652.html. Maharashtra Farmers Call Off Protest After Govt Promises Loan Waiver. GST reduced for 66 items movie tickets over Rs 100 at 28. GST Council lowers tax rates for 66 items. PSA CEA Arvind Subramanian has launched a weeklong course on the Indian Economy and its history at IIT Delhi: Might be of interest to some of you. Last day covers demonetization which should be...hmm. Course link http//www.iitd.ac.in/CEAIITD/index.html Lectures are on the IITD YouTube page follow the above link.. LIVE YouTube chat with P. Sainath 0700 Why are our farmers angry P. Sainath on the latest phase of the agrarian crisis.: [deleted]. The new mental health care bill and why it matters.. Plastic industry expresses dismay at proposed GST rates. The Indian Railways might be staring at a substantial loss in irrecoverable integrated interstate GST or integrated GST if the council meeting on Sunday does not consider its plea to put its own material movement and coach repairing works under the exempt category.. The reality underneath the claim around powersurplus India. Higher GST rates to hit restaurants. GST FMCG products to see decline in volume post GST Britannia. GST Council may slash GST on jewellery making charges to 3. How A StateInduced Dal Glut May Have Sparked Maharashtra Farmer Protests. Experts said the process of dal procurement was far from smooth.There are several instances where the farmers had to sell the dal to private traders for much less than the government price.. Dial 1100 Helpline and Get Your Bribe Money Back in Andhra Pradesh. Govt should have exited debt laden Air India 15 years back Jaitley on privatisation. Healthcare How the developed world does it and the Challenges in India: Only the developed industrialised countries perhaps 40 of the worlds 200 countries have established health care systems. Most of the nations on the planet are too poor and too disorganised to provide any kind of mass medical care. The basic rule in such countries is that the rich get medical care the poor stay sick or die. Africa India China and South America are a few such countries. But how does the developed world do it Let us take a look at the healthcare models around the world. THE BEVERIDGE MODEL Named after William Beveridge the daring social reformer who designed Britains National Health Service. In this system health care is provided and financed by the government through tax payments just like the police force or the public library. Many but not all hospitals and clinics are owned by the government some doctors are government employees but there are also private doctors who collect their fees from the government. In Britain you never get a doctor bill. These systems tend to have low costs per capita because the government as the sole payer controls what doctors can do and what they can charge. Countries using the Beveridge plan or variations on it include its birthplace Great Britain Spain most of Scandinavia and New Zealand. Hong Kong still has its own Beveridgestyle health care because the populace simply refused to give it up when the Chinese took over that former British colony in 1997. Cuba represents the extreme application of the Beveridge approach it is probably the worlds purest example of total government control. THE BISMARCK MODEL Named for the Prussian Chancellor Otto von Bismarck who invented the welfare state as part of the unification of Germany in the 19th century. Despite its European heritage this system of providing health care would look fairly familiar to Americans. It uses an insurance system the insurers are called sickness funds usually financed jointly by employers and employees through payroll deduction. Unlike the U.S. insurance industry though Bismarcktype health insurance plans have to cover everybody and they dont make a profit. Doctors and hospitals tend to be private in Bismarck countries Japan has more private hospitals than the U.S. Although this is a multipayer model Germany has about 240 different funds tight regulation gives government much of the costcontrol clout that the singlepayer Beveridge Model provides. The Bismarck model is found in Germany of course and France Belgium the Netherlands Japan Switzerland and to a degree in Latin America. THE NATIONAL HEALTH INSURANCE MODEL This system has elements of both Beveridge and Bismarck. It uses privatesector providers but payment comes from a governmentrun insurance program that every citizen pays into. Since theres no need for marketing no financial motive to deny claims and no profit these universal insurance programs tend to be cheaper and much simpler administratively than Americanstyle forprofit insurance. The single payer tends to have considerable market power to negotiate for lower prices Canadas system for example has negotiated such low prices from pharmaceutical companies that Americans have spurned their own drug stores to buy pills north of the border. National Health Insurance plans also control costs by limiting the medical services they will pay for or by making patients wait to be treated. The classic NHI system is found in Canada but some newly industrialized countries Taiwan and South Korea for example have also adopted the NHI model. This is my favourite. And Finally our dear model THE OUTOFPOCKET MODEL World Health Organizations 2000 World Health Report ranked Indias healthcare system at 112 out of 190 countries. Here are a few facts... 1. 6972 of the cost of healthcare in India is borne by the households. 2. Central government actually bears only 68 of the health cost. The Central Government Health Scheme is for civil servants. These schemes comprise 4 of total government expenditures. In contrast look at Australiahttp//www.aihw.gov.au/assets/0/6442451003/6442451004/6442453834/6442454453/60129542499/60129542509/60129542508/042b78fe1e044d4b9230c1806b56679b.jpgn7657 Detailed interpretation of Australian Healthcare http//www.aihw.gov.au/australiashealth/2014/healthsystem/ 3. The Employees State Insurance Scheme for factory workers is Indias only true social health insurance scheme to which both employers and employees contribute. In addition railway and defence employees have their own schemes and states have schemes for their employees as well. 4. Despite these schemes according to the World Bank and National Commissions report on Macroeconomics only 5 of Indians are covered by health insurance policies 5. Total health expenditures in India are around 4.02 percent of GDP. Government expenditures amounted to 1.15 percent of GDP which is lower than the average for lowincome countries. According to a 2014 report by WHO the Indian government spends a pittance of 267 per capita GDP on healthcare. Lets take a look at our neighbours. Country GPP per capita GDP spent Bhutan 281 Sri Lanka 369 China 731 Lets take a look at other developing countries Argentina 1137 Armenia 362 Brazil 1318 Chile 1749 Egypt 594 Indonesia 299 Malaysia 1040 Mexico 1122 Peru 656 Turkmenistan 320 Uzbekistan 340 Venezuela 923 Lets take a look at few other countries for some shock effect Syria SAR 376 Tunisia 785 Sudan 282 Iraq 667 Jordan 798 Iran 1082 Israel 2599 Libya 806 Namibia 869 Sudan 282 6. Severe shortages of staff and supplies limit access to care. Medications on the essential drug list are free though there are often shortages while other prescription drugs are purchased from private pharmacies despite being one of the largest producer and exporter of drugs. 7. India has a doctortopopulation ratio of 11674 compared with the World Health Organization norm of 11000 a situation that results in acute shortages and uneven distribution of doctors 8. Contrary to popular belief Indias urban poor are especially vulnerable given that primary care facilities in the cities are generally less organised and fewer in number than in rural communitiesnot speciality hospitals or big fancy institutes but the GP a simple graduate that should be the first contact of people with healthcare. Lack of access to care appears to take a toll Nearly 60 percent of urban poor children have not received all recommended immunisations before age 1.https//kaiserfamilyfoundation.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/8502allocationofihsfunding.png 9. From 2002 to 2010 the private sector created more than 70 percent of new beds contributing 63 percent of total hospital beds.25 Private hospitals currently provide about 80 percent of outpatient care and 60 percent of inpatient care. However the private sector is neither unifies nor organised by the governement. 10. Until the 1980s privatesector hospitals were mainly nonprofits run by charitable trusts. With Indias economic liberalization growing middle class and the rise in medical tourism the number of private forprofit hospitals has grown substantially. This is dangerously taking us in the direction where Americas health care was in 1940s. Now after 70 years their health care premiums are 22 of their pay. The health care is simply unaffordable. Just a visit to the emergency room costs them around 800 i.e. around Rs. 50000. Just the visit the doctor fees and the diagnosis and treatment are separate We dont want to be headed that way. Apart from all this I read a few articles and found out surprising details I will cite 2 articles 1. http//www.livemint.com/Sundayapp/1NALxUExPl3WgvcVAubkVI/Youhaveaproblemonhanddoctor.html 2. http//indianexpress.com/article/explained/howinhumanlylongworkhoursarekillingyoungdoctorsliterally2/ Post Graduate seats for doctors can cost upto a whopping Rs. 1 Crore to 2 crores which is much higher than that in the US. Thereafter states are now making doctors sign service bonds which has been cited by many as a regressive move and has left a bitter taste for many doctors. On any given day each doctor handles at least 6070 cases. He thought it a regular part of any physicians life. But that changed when he went to acquire a deeper understanding of the neurosciences in Vienna. They were stunned to hear of the numbers we deal with in India he says. At the outside a West European doctor sees no more than five patients in a day. Any more and they are considered overworked In the UK working hours for junior doctors are limited by the European Working Time Directive. A doctor can now work an average 48 hours per week from the earlier 56 hours calculated over 26 weeks. After continuous duty of 11 hours a rest day is prescribed. A day off is mandated every week and a 20minute rest every 6 hours. MARD Then we filed a petition to the State Human Rights Commination saying that we are working almost 247 we are not even getting sleep we are not going home we dont have time absolutely for anything which is violations of very basic human rights. At some of the government hospitals even very basic needs are not available residents are living in very unhygienic conditions not getting good foods and at places proper sanitised water is also not available which affect the health of doctors. They say that despite a Supreme Court directive in 1992 Doctors should not work more than 48 hours a week and not more than 12 hours a day. However many have said that they work gt85105 hours a week. For the Doctors in this subreddit Is all of this true For the nonDoctors Did you guys know about this If not has your opinion changed Do you think it is a hoax or do you agree with these reports There is so much I would like to hear about this topic. I would love to hear your opinions. Discuss.. Think tank snub clouds IndiaSingapore ties. Railways New toilet system with urinals separate washrooms for men women in offing. The Constitutional Challenge to S. 139AA of the IT Act Aadhaar/PAN Petitioners Arguments. Is GST going to improve Indias Economy What are pros and cons of GST Are the Middle class going to pay excess tax. Month after India promised treatment for all HIV people stocks of medicines run out in six states. 10.52 lakh bogus PAN cards cannot be termed miniscule number to harm economy Supreme Court: [deleted]. RBI policy meeting No rift with Reserve Bank of India say senior government officials: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government. Leading lawyer Purvi Shah explains in simple terms what the PAN/Aadhaar judgement means for us: Advocate Purvi Shah one of the famous and most sought after lawyer in Mumbai has made life simple for all of us by explaining the final judgement in very easy to understand manner. Go to the following link to read. https//shahlaw.wordpress.com/2017/06/10/onthepanaadhaarjudgement/. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government: [deleted]. Indias Renewables Investment in 2016 Cost Of 11 CoalFired Power Plants. 37 Returns Instead Of 13 And Other Challenges Threatening July 1 GST Rollout. GST 37 returns instead of 13 One of the many challenges threatening GST rollout. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs. RBI policy meeting No rift with Reserve Bank of India say senior government officials: [deleted]. TIL After China India is North Koreas biggest trading partner even more than Russia. https//t.co/WtbDL6EWGS. Indias Rising Temperatures Are Deadly Study: [deleted]. GST 37 returns instead of 13 One of the many challenges threatening GST rollout: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. In Bundelkhand Anxiety And Confusion Over Yogi Adityanaths Loan Waiver NDTV.com. PSA Do Not Link your Phone number with Aadhar before October 2017: [deleted]. Rethinking Indias Slum Relocation Policy. What the Aadhaar/PAN judgement actually says from a leading lawyer. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. GST 37 returns instead of 13 One of the many challenges threatening GST rollout: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. RBI policy meeting No rift with Reserve Bank of India say senior government officials: [deleted]. Bitcoin QampA Aadhaar and blockchain identities. PAN numbers without Aadhaar will not be cancelled Government. India might become an educationally failed nation Ganesh Devy: [deleted]. [NP]AADHAAR Aadhaar mandatory for filing IT returns from July 1 says CBDT. Prescribe Only Generics Will it Solve Anything: So Narendra Modi seems to be attacking the high costs of drugs by forcing all the doctors to prescribe only generics. While at first impression it sounds like a very beneficial move the question is will it change anything in the countrys drug market So first things first. The government loves to compare things with the West MP salaries Generic prescriptions etc except for all the logic behind it. Now in the west there are a few things that allow for a generic prescription mandate to stick 1. The drugs are highly controlled for quality 2. There is strict regulation of pharmaceutical companies. 3. Pharmacists trained thoroughly in the field of drugs. 4. Pharmacies regulated by stringent regulations to name a few. Now let us look at the problem. Why do Indian doctors not prefer generic drugs Well as nondoctors we are biased into believing that doctors do everything to rob us and harm us in every respect special thanks to Amir Khan and our politicians. While this may be true in select cases this is definitely not the reason why Doctors choose branded drugs. The main reason is the trust efficacy and reliability of the drugs they prescribe. India has no central regulatory body that undertakes a proper inspection of the standards of every companys medicines rolling out in the market. Now India has seen a lot of pharma companies crop up that claim to make medicines that are low cost and with similar efficacy as the branded drugs. However without any quality control no one can be certain of this. The only way to see their effect would be to prescribe them to patients and see how effective they are. Do you want to be treated as a lab rat I dont either. Well thankfully Doctors dont want to do that either because if the drugs dont work it will be harmful to their patients which in turn would mean that patients will not come to their clinics/hospitals and hence their practice will suffer. Even more they can be sued or as is the new custom in this country beaten up. So they stick to the safer trusted choice of years the branded medicines. It is not just something they prescribe to the patients it is also something that they prefer to take themselves if they need it. Secondly not all generic drugs are cheap. Contrary to what the government is making you believe and what everyones default thinking is not all generic drugs are cheap. There are many Indian companies that make drugs at a much lower cost and sell them at prices comparable to the branded drugs These are called branded generics. Moreover many of them are not even of good quality and hence the patient gets a bad quality drug for a high price. Now I am not saying that all highcost drugs are good quality either. The pharma companies have started pricing their drugs extremely high globally. They are immoral crooks that want to earn as much profit as they can. Hence in other countries where quality regulations are stringent they produce and sell good quality products. However in countries with no quality regulations they are free to cut costs even if it means decreasing the quality of drugs. I have noticed this myself. I went to a private hospital and was prescribed a medicine branded. I took it from the hospitals pharmacy. It was pricey but extremely effective. Next time I had the same issue I tried taking the same brand of medicine from the local drug store. The medicine had no effect. I thought maybe this disease was something different or maybe I needed a stronger drug or something. So I went to the doctor again and he prescribed me the exact same brand of medicine. When I told him about my experience he said to take it from the hospital pharmacy and see for 3 days. If there was no change he would change the drug. I was furious and thought you know they just want to sell shit from their pharmacy to get rich. However I thought you know lets get it over with so the next time I show up he wont say that since I didnt take the 3 days course he wouldnt prescribe me another medicine. I took the exact same brand exact same formulation exact same strength and exact same dosage but bought from the hospitals pharmacy and this one worked. So next time I went and asked the doctor about this mystery he told me that they the hospital did not buy the drug from the factory of the MNC in India but asked the company to supply the same brand of medicine from their factories abroad. They had noted a significant difference in quality and had hence chosen not get it from the Indian manufacturing unit of the same company which is licensed by the government by the way. And get this both the drugs were the exact same price Another problem is that this rule that asks doctors to write only salt names does not ensure that you would get a generic drug. It merely transfers the power of choosing which drug to be given to the patients from the hands of doctors to the hands of the chemists. Now for those doctor haters out there here is a little tidbit. India has a vast drug supply chain of 800000 wholesalers and retailers chemists. They have thrived because it is a profitable highmargin business. Whether brandedgenerics or unbranded generics they stock and sell drugs only if they are profitable. These 800000 retailers have repeatedly demonstrated their intolerance for any interference in their business by going on strikes and even holding back patients medicines till their demands are met. These are the same people who sell unbranded generics at a 1000 profit margin. So while the companies may be selling their drugs cheap these chemists may sell them at an exponentially high cost. Their conduct is so bad that they have been slapped a fine by the Competition Commission of India for their dishonesty and behaviour. Do you want these guys responsible for deciding what drugs you get Even if you believe that a doctor is corrupt there are still limitations to his practice. When he writes a drug the responsibility of whether or not it acts lies with him. If the drug does not work you can take up the issue with the doctor and ask him to write another drug. If the doctors find that a drug is not working often times the doctors change the drug themselves. One person in our neighbourhood had taken pesticide with the intention of committing suicide. He was taken to the hospital. Now he was being given treatment at the hospital and the hospital had recently acquired a new stock of antidote from a new company because it was much cheaper. However when after four days of use this antidote showed no effect and the patient was still on the ventilation machine they asked the patients relatives to get the brand they previously used from outside. It was almost 1.5 times more expensive so the relatives were not happy initially. However it did the trick and the patient started showing improvement within 12 hours. However if the doctors can only write salt formulations and chemists are in charge of giving drugs who would you go to if the drug doesnt work IF you go to the doctor he will say I am only allowed to write salts. If you go to the chemist he will say what do I know the government allows all these drugs and they all have the same salt. How do you manage your treatment In fact it will become easier for the doctors to blame a lot of problems on the drugs and just not take any responsibility for them as the side effects of different drugs can also be slightly different. If the patient doesnt show improvement they can just blame it on the drug and not actually look into some other causes they may have missed or try adjusting doses to your benefit because they dont know what you are getting at the chemist. Also the doctor cannot give you complete information about the side effects or how to take the drugs as they differ slightly from brand to brand especially with combinations etc. This responsibility then goes to the chemists. And the chemists in India are mostly illinformed and will not be able to counsel patients regarding this and hence once again patients will suffer because they can keep shifting blame on each other or the drug company or the government. Another problem is there are many drugs that suit you and many dont. Despite the fact that they may be having the same salt there are many additions to the drug that make it better. Sometimes the drugs are made differently or in combinations with other drugs for boosting their effect. All brands do not produce these formulations. Therefore the same salt in one companys drug can suit you while the same salt drug from another company may not. Also there are some diseases like mental illness epilepsy and diabetes where the slightest change in the speed and amount of drug released can be very harmful to the patients health. The doctors worldwide actually warn people to follow the same brand no matter whichever brand is first chosen else there can be major fluctuations in blood levels of the drug and the disease may come back. If doctors can write only salts patients will keep getting different brands each time and that is exactly what will happen. Then you may make any number of visits to the doctor but the problem will not be cured as you will get a brand of the chemists choice not the doctors and not yours. The chemists the guy who has no knowledge of the drugs he is giving you and bears no responsibility for it. I am a bit scared just thinking about it. Another problem is if there are generic antibiotics circulating in the market that have a halfhearted killing capacity all organisms do not die. The resistant ones survive. If these nonefficacious drugs are prescribed at a large scale the resistance to antibiotics will increase in the country which forms a market for even costlier drugs. If you think that this move will remove corruption think again. If you think that this will stop the pharmaceutical companies from influencing doctors by giving them gifts think again. The pharmaceutical companies will just give those gifts to chemists instead. And with little or no information about the drugs and the human body with their greed and no responsibility to patients it will be way easier to influence them as compared to doctors. Disaster. So why is the government doing this It has nothing to do with rooting out corruption or fighting the drug costs. The simple thing is this The maximum foreign investments in India are in Pharma and automobiles. The govt has joined hands with these companies for their personal benefits and wants to give them as much profit as they can. If you parse GST you will find that drugs have a tax of 5 except some that are called lifesaving. If the govt wanted to reduce the cost why didnt they exempt them from tax not that I believe tax cuts to corporations decrease costs By forcing the sale of generic drugs they want to increase the Indian market of drugs whether they actually help patients or not. Also many of the civil supply lines sell drugs. These are managed by politicians. So if the power of deciding which brand to sell shifts from the hands of doctors to the hands of the sellers these politicians can then decide which drugs to stockpile in these civil supply lines and in return demand big fat sums of money from the Pharma to stock their products. Just another means of lining their pockets. A question if all the generic drugs are so good why do we even have branded drugs in the market The answer is for the rich and the politicians. They will just push the substandard drugs to everyone and keep using branded drugs themselves. Even doctors who know better will take the good drugs themselves. People will be happy just because doctors lost the privilege to write drugs. They will be happy because doctors no longer get gifts from pharma representatives not realising that these gifts will go into more dangerous hands and they the patients will suffer the most harm. If the government really wants to root out the corruption in drug prescription and reduce the costs of drugs here are some ideas. 1. Set rigorous quality control for all drugs. The generic or even branded drugs manufactured in India should meet international standards and inspections should also have international standards to renew licenses. 2. Set a maximum price limit for one kind of drug. This way it wouldnt matter which drug you prescribe. 3. The pharmaceutical companies should be banned from giving incentives to anybody whether doctors or politicians or chemists. 4. The decision of which drug to take should be worked out between doctors and patients. The doctor should inform them of drugs and the patient should decide whether they want the cheapest or the one suggested by the doctor. The prescription form should be marked for 1. Cheapest 2. prescribed Brand only for mental illness and all those special type meds 3. Branded preferred but can give an alternative if not available. The doctor should mark the patients request on the prescription slip and the chemist should be bound to give only that. This is how the system works in every western country. 5. Set up decentralised national body representing doctors patients health service govt with or without pharma companies to regulate guidelines regarding drugs quality cost and distribution ethics etc. 6. There should be a system for doctors where they can inform this regulatory body regarding substandard drugs or overpriced drugs. A similar system should exist to allow patients to inform this regulatory body. 7. Edit The pharmacists should have a rigorous training programme and should be given the license only after passing a national eligibility test. The license should be renewed every 35 years to enable them to keep up to date with the new medicines as has been proposed for doctors. This way they will at least know what the hell they are giving to patients and can complement the doctors in giving information to people regarding drugs. The hospital I mentioned has such pharmacists and they are extremely helpful. They give different drugs in different packets and even write all the points to remember for each drug on the packet. It is really helpful when you are juggling a dozen drugs for your granny or grandpa. 8. How about providing single payer universal healthcare to people so people do not have to bear the costs out of pocket at all Then it wouldnt matter what drug was even written. Tell me what you think about this. Also tell me your response through this poll. You can skip it if you hate polls. It just helps me understand the thought process of the readers better. Its not mandatory. http//vote.pollcode.com/27162661. TIL GDP per capita of Goa at top is 3 Lakhs Bihar and UP at bottom is 33954 and 49450 in 201415.: [deleted]. GST 37 returns instead of 13 One of the many challenges threatening GST rollout: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. RBI policy meeting No rift with Reserve Bank of India say senior government officials: [deleted]. GST 37 returns instead of 13 One of the many challenges threatening GST rollout: [deleted]. GSTN meets service providers assures timely release of interface software: [deleted]. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. Why did Nandan Nilekani praise a Twitter troll: [deleted]. Mumbai PIL filed to restore BEST AC Bus Services. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government: [deleted]. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys. electronic products GST brings Diwali early as retailers offer upto 40 per cent discount: [deleted]. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government: [deleted]. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. India remains the fastest growing major economy to grow at 7.2 per cent World Bank Read more at http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/articleshow/59043583.cmsutmsourcecontentofinterestamputmmediumtextamputmcampaigncppst: [deleted]. SERIOUS What is our real Economic growth rate I keep seeing figures from 47: Title is self explanatory. Request serious answers only. Please lets discuss economic issues and try to keep politics out if possible. Questions What is our real growth rate How good/bad is our future economic outlook Is the government telling the truth regarding the same Can you provide some concrete examples to back your argument Whether arguing positively or negatively Edit Grammar and typos . India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government: [deleted]. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. Forex reserves at lifetime high of 381.167 bn. Government plans more SBIlike mergers India may soon have another globalsized bank. AADHAAR 95.1 citizens voluntarily enrolled for Aadhaar Government to Supreme Court The Economic Times. Linking PANAadhaar A Must For IT Returns Says Supreme Court How To Do It. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. AADHAAR Supreme Court partially stays law making Aadhaar mandatory for PAN ITR filing. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. Do You Need Aadhaar With Tax Returns Or Not What Supreme Court Said. SC orders partial stay on AadhaarPAN linking. Gloves Off in Spat Between Indias Central Bank and Government: [deleted]. layoffs A 7point survival guide for those between jobs: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. India Power Plants Stranded as 50 Million Homes Left in the Dark: [deleted]. India calls for middleincome country coalition to revive globalisation. India calls for middleincome country coalition to revive globalization: [deleted]. Supreme Court says Aadhaar not mandatory but those who have it must link to PAN card for Income Tax returns. India Inc walks a banking tightrope: [deleted]. Supreme Court orders partial stay on Aadhaar PAN linkage. Government cannot force people to link Aadhaar with PAN card Supreme Court. Economic Times Supreme Court rules Aadhar not mandatory for ITR PAN till pendency of privacy issue: [deleted]. SC stayed government order of linking Aadhaar with PAN said till the constitution bench decides the matter it is stayed.. Investing in shares of the automotive sector TeamBHP. Antiprofiteering turns out to be weighty issue for FMCG companies. Indian state and central Govt. and Private schools should partner with Byjus and others for Transforming Education system: [removed]. India must stop putting farmers on a pedestal. Unique ID like Aadhaar may soon be made mandatory to book flight tickets. Madhya Pradesh police firing fallout Punjab farmers join hands for statewide protests on June 12. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. India climbs to 9th position on FDI inflow list US retains top spot. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. Online banking to kill physical banks in 56 years Amitabh Kant. Dad opens debate on the encounter What is the need for jails if forces kill without a trial. TRAI rules against Republic TVs unethical distribution practices to boost ratings. Modi govt considering new approach for stressed assets in power sector. Demonization and 6.1 GDP Growth: [deleted]. Deadline for 300 thermal plants on adoption of air pollution norms extended. Does India have a website that tracks and documents government spending: Im talking about something along the lines of USAFacts https//www.usafacts.org/ Is government spending data available to the general public. How are BJPs agrarian policies better or worse than UPAs: [removed]. Commerce and Industry Ministry India to set up four think tanks to get help on trade talks. PAN or Aadhaar to be made mandatory for booking flight tickets. Dial 1100 to get the bribe back.. Kashmir Internet ban Failure of law and order means an inability of the state to protect. It does not entitle them to suspend constitutional rights.. Raghuram Rajan Has The Last Laugh. Twitter becomes effective tool to redress passenger grievances Railways act upon 3000 tweet complaints daily. India calls for middleincome country coalition to revive globalisation: [deleted]. Raamdeo Agrawal selfmade 900 million man says India must swap hope for action: [deleted]. Governments claims of Aadhaar savings for the LPG scheme are overstated. The new issue of geography and you is OUT. PREORDER now to avail special discount.. Standoff over rates RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance Ministry before review. Central bank resists doesnt cut Govt says theres strong case for easing rate. How hard is it to find a good government school in Delhi. India plugs tax treaty gaps by joining global antiabuse initiative. Watchful monetary policy committee makes the right call. Will India meet its Paris climate deal goals Dont be so sure. How to Design New Home on a Budget: [deleted]. Agrarian crisis is not just a result of extreme climate events but cumulative outcome of decades of policy sins. NPCI launches website for BHIM. How this monetary policy brought simmering tension between RBI government to the fore: [deleted]. Mandatory national licence for staffing firms in works: [deleted]. 4G download speed in India three times below global average We are behind Pakistan and Sri Lanka. SBI staff at wits end over cash crunch Bank tells RBI. Who gave Shopclues the right to leak my email address: I came across a post in which short links were leaking users data but it mentions it has been fixed. But in the expanded url i can still see email addresses. now all the spammers will know and spam the hell out of me. https//hackernoon.com/shopcluesuserdataleakviashortlinks15dcfcabb68a. What is the cyber law doing to prevent this. CM Fadnavis wife bats for GST waiver on sanitary pads. GST Rates GST While apparel is at 12 why footwear is at 18 asks Adesh Gupta Liberty Shoes. GST rates on plastic products to affect MSMEs. GST Luxury car sales may surge ahead on lower tax rate under GST. RBI builds credibility with rain check on rate cut. First rural LED street lighting project to take off in Andhra Pradesh. Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks. Cabinet nod for fourlaning of Rs 2776crore road project in Himachal Pradesh. The Indian IT industrys future potential. Dual Citizenship for Indians. Government Abandons Goal Of Training 500 Million People In New Skills By 2022. India to gain full membership of SCO at Astana summit. Inflation Slowing From Record Reopens Room for India to Cut Rate. RBI policy meeting Reserve Bank of India looks for honourable exit. Indias solar capacity may double to 18 GW this year [January 2017]. As Farmers Fight Back In India Where Are We Headed. NPCI to ask banks not to charge UPI transactions Moneycontrol.com. India to forgive billions of dollars of farm debt. Maharashtra looks to set up happiness department. Thinking strategically about privatization. Midweek national affairs update EC has no one to play with farmer protests and heavy things. PF Aadhaar Mandatory for Employees Pension Scheme. Maharashtra farmers strike A handy tool for Congress and NCP to hide 65 years of selfenrichment. Iran hits back at India inks gas field deal with Russian firm Times of India. Indias GDP growth to recover to 7.2 per cent this fiscal UBS. Donald Trumps Paris withdrawal shock for India and world Rajnath. GST Despite increase in transitional tax credit limit destocking may continue. Despite UDAY bailout package net loss of Uttar Pradeshs discoms rises. The Centre has found discoms have further slipped on all the operational and financial parameters of performance since UP government took over their 75 of debt with support of the Central government.. Hoteliers plan bigger fight against GST. GST exemption withdrawn for hospital equipment Export Oriented Units. IT hardware price to rise at proposed 28 GST rate PTI feed News. Interesting times Indias economy. Just 6.2 crore out of 29 crore PAN cards linked with Aadhaar so far. Universal minimum wage for all soon. What if Aadhar was made mandatory in India for using social media blogs by Sahil Chopra ET BrandEquity. GST will help India achieve 9 growth. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles. Data packs should be valid for one year Trai. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. Internet shutdowns in India Why it is bad for Modis Digital India. Two Internet Shutdowns in two days. India can play a role in reconstruction of Syria Assad. Income Tax Act amended IPOs bonus issue share gifts exempted from capital gains tax. Bihar How the advent of new enterprises in village markets is changing Bihar socially amp politically. TRAI sends advisory to telcos to offer oneyear data packs. GST rates impact on cars Car discounts in June 2017 big discounts on small cars in India. Nehru and his Economic Policy. Modi reviews GST preparedness ahead of July 1 rollout: [deleted]. GST Rate Structure. Big bet on India Morgan Stanley sees Nifty hitting mount 30000 in next 5 years. Middle Class Dream Fuels Indias 1.3 Trillion Housing Boom. Real Estate Most Affordable In 20 Years Partly With PM Modi Reforms. Read Excluded by Aadhaar. [SERIOUS] Why are Indian stock markets performing so well while the economys growth rate seems to be stagnating/declining: I am not talking just about the GDP growth rate. [IT sector hiring]http//www.livemint.com/Education/pgrbUqwLn0nU3yRaWhlGJO/EngineeringcollegeseyesmallITfirmsforcampusplacement.html and [general economywide hiring]http//www.livemint.com/Industry/IIi2xY4W7miKJv6FrotnfM/TeamLeaseseestepidhiringatIndiancompaniesovernext6.html seems to be slowing performance of [heavy equipment makers]http//www.livemint.com/Money/M8aSQkbixTDQjas1KGV54K/BHELsdismalperformancereflectsstateofeconomy.html [factory output]http//www.livemint.com/Industry/tuew1r2nW1ViBM3w034mfN/IndiasfactorygrowthslowstothreemonthlowinMayasne.html [nonfood]http//www.eiu.com/industry/article/765292660/indiacreditgrowthhitsdecadelowinfebruary/20170404 bank [credit growth]https//tradingeconomics.com/india/loangrowth [rising corporate debt]http//www.moneycontrol.com/news/business/economy/imfcautionsindiaagainstrisingcorporatedebtforecasts72growthin20172263291.html [concealed private bank NPAs]http//www.livemint.com/Opinion/MrHUkHobcTRc389OKVk62N/FinallyRBIcrackstheDaVincicodeofIndianbanking.html declining rates of [Gross domestic savings]http//data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDS.TOTL.ZSend2015amplocationsINampstart2007 and [Gross fixed capital formation]http//data.worldbank.org/indicator/NE.GDI.FTOT.ZSend2015amplocationsINampstart2007 and so on.Copied from [here]http//gulzar05.blogspot.in/2017/06/indianeconomyupdate.htmllinks They all point towards the notsooptimal state of the economy in the short and medium term. Then whats fueling the optimism of the stock markets. Top Seven IndiaBased Outsourcing Companies In the U.S. Received Fewer H1B Visas In 2016. Fitting Into Beijings New World Order. Solar energy boom turns to bust for Indian manufacturers The Economic Times. For Sardar Patel statue oil PSUs are directed to pay Rs 200 crore. Month after India promised treatment for all HIV people stocks of medicines run out in six states: [deleted]. Govt may merge PSU banks without waiting for improvement indicates Jaitley. Countrys Biggest Solar Park In Rajasthan At The Heart Of Indias Clean Energy Push. Once the Bhadla Solar Park in Rajasthan is fully operational it can generate power that could meet the states total power demand.. New rules for govt agencies to ensure security of personal data. Modi government to replace UGC AICTE with one higher education regulator. A wakeup call for Mumbai and Delhi. Mizoram may not be able to fully implement the GST on July 1. Special Economic Zones Unutilised land points to faltering units: [deleted]. Indias Cow Police Are Bad for Cows Jairaj Devadiga: [deleted]. The Modi Slowdown Govt inherited a recovering economy but a new slowdown has begun on its watch Mihir Sharma. No freedom for farmers. India PM Modi Looks to Bolster Russian Ties. GST GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. Nitin gadkari India to take up road and highway projects abroad Minister Nitin Gadkari. Indian Railways Railways to reduce emission by 33 per cent by 2030. Civil society members demand law against mob lynching. Need for corrective action Revised estimates show that demonetisation hurt but a deepening investment slowdown remains the challenge: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. The Modi Slowdown. This government inherited a recovering economy but a new slowdown has begun on its watch.: [deleted]. RBI is still counting notes its difficult to give a timeline says FM arunjaitley.. Most of Indias stateowned firms are ripe for sale or closure. Indias PMI services activity accelerates in May as new business picks up. Keeping politics out of it what do you think of the Indian economy now as compared to five years ago. A question to Arun Jaitley Does an economy growing at very good pace really need a ratecut boost. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. TRAI wants telcos to advertise data packs in nutrition label format. India Spends Just 0.3 of Its Environment Budget on Research RTI. Will consumption growth continue to prop up the economy. Bulandshahr rape UP Highway patrol project announced in 2014 is yet to take off. Manifesto tracker for the union government. Excluded by Aadhaar If policymakers cant guarantee inclusion they must halt this digital nightmare.. Officers cartel bought 700 acres along proposed expressway Farmers body [Dec 2016]. Indias Economy Speedometer Odometer Mismatch. Planting a tree is now bound up in so much restriction and red tape that it is not worth the effort Sunita Narain. Cheaper solar in India prompts rethink for coal projects. Will India send 15000 troops to Afghanistan Time is ripe for concerted action against Pakistans terror. Indian railways to reduce emission by 33 by 2030. Aadhaar in the hand of spies Long Read. SBI makes Aadhaar number mandatory for all recruits from July 1. Women to be allowed in combat role in Army says General Bipin Rawat: [deleted]. India PM Modi Looks to Bolster Russian Ties: [deleted]. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. India slips to 45th spot in IMDs World Competitiveness list: [deleted]. Indian Railways Railways to reduce emission by 33 per cent by 2030: [deleted]. Nitin gadkari India to take up road and highway projects abroad Minister Nitin Gadkari: [deleted]. India PM Modi Looks to Bolster Russian Ties: [deleted]. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. Aadhaar mandatory for subsidy on kerosene purchase Atal Pension Yojana. Aadhaar mandatory for government subsidy on purchase of kerosene and benefits of Atal Pension Yojana.. Fitch keeps India rating unchanged at BBB cites weak public finances. On World Milk Day Milk river flown in Maharashtra. Zika Its not sound public health practice to hide Zika. Sharing info limits spread. Indias national accounts on economic growth wrong says Vijay R Joshi. On the digital lane Forbes India. India Once a Coal Goliath Is Fast Turning Green: [deleted]. Indias Bad Debt Is Looking Better to Investors: [deleted]. India Is Building Its Own Aircraft Carriers Now And Its All Russias Fault. Trump climate deal Modi vows to go beyond Paris accord. A credibility deficit in statistics Livemint. France and India pledge to combat climate change News Al Jazeera. GST Council fixes rates for contentious items gold at 3 solar panels at 5. The importance of privatizing Air India. High air pollution levels may hit Indias solar power generation plans Livemint. Trumps ignorance can hasten reforms of Indias coal amp energy sectors. Mysore ftw.. Mysore ftw.: [deleted]. US praises PM Modis call for Freedom of Navigation in the South China Sea. India vows to go beyond Paris accord adding pressure on Trump. The Aadhaar Holdouts Living Life Without UID. Emmanuel Macron on Twitter I will be in India before the end of the year at the first summit of the International Solar Alliance to engage other countries on our side.. N Chandrasekaran Indian IT industry is alive and kicking Tata Group chief N Chandrasekaran. What is the point of GST if there are so many tax brackets. GST Rate On Gold Fixed At 3 Says Arun Jaitley. Solar panels will be taxed at 5 per cent under GST Jaitley.. 300 million cows buffaloes camels will be impacted by new livestock market rules in India.. 101 East Indias Child Geniuses. Air India Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. Telecom sector is heavily burdened with tax 40k more job cuts likely this year Anil Ambani. Just 33 tax. Air India Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India: [deleted]. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. India will be the first to power its ports with green energy. Remember famous Nytimes cartoon on paris accord. Jan Gan Man Ki Baat GDP Slowdown and the Story Behind We Shall Overcome Episode 63. This week in national affairs Economic slowdown Modi tours and travels. Bihar Topper Ganesh Kumar Now Arrested For Fraud Is 42 Has Two Kids Says Board. EVM Hacking Challenge Begins 2 Parties To Have A Go 10 Points. Air India Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India: [deleted]. India PM Modi Looks to Bolster Russian Ties: [deleted]. Countdown to capital Naidus dream cityaccessible and sustainablewill come up in Amaravati by 2019. Indias slowing growth blamed on big mistake of demonetisation. why Ministry of Environment and Forests is providing regulations for cattle slaughter : there are separate departments for agriculture horticulture and animal husbandry . There is a separate animal welfare board under GOI http//awbi.org/ Why does MoEF care about this stuff shoudnt AWBI give these rules . GST Rollout Didis Dander Will Cost Bengal Dear. India Once a Coal Goliath Is Fast Turning Green. India to become fullfledged SCO member in a week. Gujarats Mithivirdi nuclear power plant to be shifted to Andhra Pradesh due to delay. Bengal wont support GST in present form Mamata. Another gem in showroom of PSUs gross incompetence Blue LED Clocks: In mumbais central line Indian railway recently procured new GPS clocks with bright blue LEDS. Dont they know fundamental things like scattering of light depending upon its wavelength Why the fucking sky is blue Blue LED displays have very low readability. From 20M distance 7segment display always looks like time is 1000. This stuff is so fundamental I cant fathom how they managed to fuck this up. All current Digital indicators are either red or greenfor obvious reasons so IR was like lets make this shit sassy Edit If anyone needs a refresher https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rayleighscattering amp https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chromaticaberration Edit 2 http//rdso.indianrailways.gov.in/works/uploads/File/16.206208.pdf governments technical specifications for procurement of GPS clocks mentioning blue LEDs.. Internet Trends Reports Indias Mobile Obsession Reliance Jio Disruption. GST. A boon or a bane[Ask]: We trade in Car Spare Parts and have around 3 crore worth of inventory. Our Base is Bengal where the VAT is 5. Now the recent GST rates have the car spare parts at 28. Thats a massive loss that traders have to take for no fault of their own. There are multiple such instances in the industry. Please tell me how our GDP growth will go up if there are no businesses left to prosper BJPs motto is Make in India their toxic taxes say Quit India. We are on the verge of bankruptcy. But what do you guys think. Udta Bihar Opposition blames Nitish Kumar for spike in substance abuse bootlegging. The real beneficiary Aadhaar doesnt empower people only the state. Vladimir Putin Narendra Modi plenary session with Megyn Kelly at 21st St. Petersburg International Economic Forum. Putin takes part in plenary session of 21st St. Petersburg International Economic Forum: [deleted]. RERA Exiting a project under RERA may cost you dearly.  GST GST in Hindi. NPA Its time to bite the bullet on PSU banks Uday Kotak. GST will give more credit to exporters DGFT. Putin Narendra Modi planery session: [deleted]. Modi Putin: [deleted]. Modi and Putin: [deleted]. Modi and Putin plenary session with Megyn kelly: [deleted]. Nonfarm private sector growth in Indian economy lowest in four years. What are the problems someone from rest of the India can face in North east India if he got a job in NE region: [deleted]. Kamal Haasan Demands GST Cut Says 28 Tax Will Ruin Regional Cinema. Punjab producing 8 of countrys milk. India Used Questionable Loophole to Hide Its Zika Cases From the WHO: [deleted]. Lack of safe jobs keeping educated women from work in India. cash transactions Income Tax department warns against cash dealings of Rs 2 lakh seeks tipoff The Economic Times. Will have to shut shop once GST is enforced Mumbai amusement park owners. Need advice on GST and computer parts: Hi guys I am buying a SSD a dealer I spoke to asked me to wait for few days as he said it will be cheaper once GST is implemented but I found a article [laptop and computer is in 18 slab]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/policy/gstlaptopsdesktopstobecomecostlierwithentryin18slab/articleshow/58757724.cms making them costlier. Should I wait or get it today. Anyone has an Idea about it. India PM Modi Looks to Bolster Russian Ties: [deleted]. Coal Indias Output Declines Amid Focus on Clearing Stockpiles: [deleted]. Air India Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India: [deleted]. Growth of renewables coal slowdown in India among important developments globally. Rs 5000 fine for using plastic bags in Goa Times of India. Indias hidden growth engine The Culture Industry: In recent times weve seen two phenomenal success stories from the Indian film industry Dangal and Baahubali. Both movies have done spectacularly not just in comparison to Indian movies before but theyve opened new markets in the West and the East. And what makes this particularly intriguing is that both are quintessentially Indian stories. Similarly [Indias publishing industry is also witnessing a boom]https//www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/20170522/indiasbookbuyinghabitssayalotaboutthecountryseconomy growing to almost 7 billion dollars witnessing a [CAGR of around 30]http//ficci.in/sector/86/Projectdocs/Publishingsectorprofile.pdf. At the moment we have touched only the tip of the tip of the proverbial iceberg. In a multilingual multicultural country probably among the most diverse in the world the Indian culture industry can tap into cultural resources from across the country. [The future potential of the entertainment/culture industry is immense]http//www.economist.com/news/specialreport/21716460forgetlongtailbattleconsumersattention. What India needs is a concerted effort with government support to build on our cultural resources and create new ways of tapping our cultural industry potential. This could involve developing film parks in different regions creating theme parks for popular films like Baahubali on the lines of New Zealand utilising the success of LOTR working with industry to create monumental works as in the Soviet Union. Not only does this create new employment opportunities in itself but this could work towards tapping our [much underutilised tourism potential]http//www.livemint.com/Opinion/ByJiNxq8lobcY8eQWPHR9O/Indiaswastedtourismpotential.html. Of course this is no panacea and I dont want to overstate this. But it is one industry in which we might have some advantages some capabilities it would be a waste to ignore this. Any mention of culture here is going to invite snide remarks. I dont mind really it only makes our conversations more entertaining. Regarding the term culture industry it was coined by theorists of the Frankfurt School a group of scholars reinterpreting Marxist theory in/for the 20th century. Fundamentally it is supposed to have negative connotations for them they proposed that popular culture is akin to a factory producing standardized cultural goodsfilms radio programmes magazines etc.that are used to manipulate mass society into passivity. Personally even though I find Marxist Philosophy to be fundamentally flawed because of its inherent elitism I find the term useful. I work from an International Relations/Geopolitics perspective for me the culture industry is important for its ability to create soft power. India has a much underused soft power edge over many rivals the upshot of developing our culture industry is developing this. Used intelligently it could solve a lot of problems. . Several multinational companies hit by Aadhaar says TRAI chief RS Sharma. Is there anyway to find out status of Ganga river cleanup: The [website]http//nmcg.nic.in isnt the most intuitive with a bunch of photos of ministers on the home page. The Monitoring drop down menu is interesting. If we click on Water quality monitoring it leads to this [website]http//cpcb.rtwqms.com which needs a login ID and a password. Clicking on Industrial Pollution Monitoring redirects to the main website itself. The Prime Minister [reviewed]http//nmcg.nic.in/writereaddata/fileupload/27PM20reviews20the20progress20of20the20Namami20Gange20Programme.pdf the work undertaken but they havent produced any data on how much water quality has improved. There is a Project [status]http//nmcg.nic.in/projectsearch.aspx section this shows the infrastructure work like sewage pipes laid down but nothing on water quality and the data is only from March 2017. 20142015 and 2016 statuses are not available. Is RTI the only way to find out Is there any other agency which has produced the improvements that the mission has achieved. Green peas for 250 a kg beans for 100 farmers strike pushes up veggie prices in Mumbai. Trump rant against India casts shadow on PM Modi visit to US: [deleted]. Gujarats nuclear power plant project to be shifted to Andhra Pradesh NGT. The NGT order says Gujarats nuclear power project is being shifted to Andhra Pradesh due to the delay in land acquisition at ChhayaMithivirdi site. Sukanya Samriddhi Yojana the saviour of girl child in India: [deleted]. Why Indias No. 2 Again. Hi /r/India TRAI wants to know how we can hold telecom operators accountable for mobile data speeds. Heres how you can make your voice heard.: Firstly here is the consultation paper [Consultation Paper on Data Speed Under Wireless Broadband Plans]http//www.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/CPDataspeed01062017.pdf [PDF] What is this TRAI wants to know how mobile Internet providers should be held more accountable for the data speeds they advertise. Mobile data speeds are much more variable and unpredictable than fixedline broadband connections so TRAI is looking at whether they should make a label from telcos mandatory that specifies what kind of speeds customers should expect from their connections. TRAI also wants to know what kind of tech they can use to measure how fast telcos connections actually are for their subscribers. Sounds great How do I send in my ideas First of all take a deep breath. Telcos are going to have a really long answer to this consultation and their lobbying will be polished and elaborate they do not want to be regulated. If you are a concerned citizen you need to make your voice heard not just counted. Telecom consultation filings are not rocket science. You can send in a good and insightful response and it wont take you more than an hour or two. Remember your response will be read and this TRAI administration leans towards consumers. Read the consultation paper. [Heres the link again]http//www.trai.gov.in/sites/default/files/CPDataspeed01062017.pdf. Read it fully its only 30 pages long and gives you enough context and information to be able to answer the questions. Draft a response. This should not take you very long. You have a month to send a response in so just spend a couple days collating all the points you want to mention in your response order them under subheads and work them into your answers to each question. Make a PDF or Word Document of your response and email it to kapilhandatrai.gov.in. Cool Whats the deadline The deadline is 29th June. You can email TRAI and ask them to extend this deadline if you feel that this time is not adequate and they usually do extend deadlines upon request. But try and get in on this right as telcos do because TRAI may read responses as and when they ge them. The deadline for countercomments which is an equally important stage if not more where you have to counter arguments made by other responders is 13th July. What are the questions Here are the questions TRAI wants you to answer. emphasis all mine text slightly edited for clarity. If you feel like you dont know the context for some of these questions check the consultation paper it will probably answer any questions you might have about the existing regulatory framework that telcos face. Q1 Is the information on wireless broadband [mobile internet] speeds currently available to consumers transparent enough to help them make informed choices Q2 If it is difficult [for telcos] to commit to a minimum download speed then could an average speed be specified by service providers What should be the parameters for calculating this average speed Q3 What changes can be brought about to the existing framework on wireless broadband tariff plans to encourage better transparency and comparison between plans offered by different service providers Q4 Is there a need to include or delete any of the QoS parameters and/or revise any of the benchmarks currently stipulated in the Regulations Q5 Should disclosure of average network performance over a period of time or at peak times including through broadband facts/labels be made mandatory Q6 Should standard application/websites be identified for mandating comparable disclosures about network speeds Q7 What are the products/technologies that can be used to measure actual enduser experience on mobile broadband networks At what level should the measurements take place e.g. on the device network node Q8 Are there any legal security privacy or data sensitivity issues with collecting device level data a If so how can these issues be addressed b Do these issues create a challenge for the adoption of any measurement tools Q9 What measures can be taken to increase awareness among consumers about wireless broadband speeds availability of various technological tools to monitor them and any potential concerns that may arise in the process Q10 Any other issue related to the matter of Consultation. Remember if theres something that you think this consultation paper missed out on include it in response to question 10.. Interview with the woman behind the new cattle sale law. modi with putin: [deleted]. India will sell only electric cars within the next 13 years. India has built more thermal power plants than it currently needs. Venture capital firms shy away from backing new startups in India. The idea behind the new rules is that slaughter markets must buy directly from the farms as is the case in the bloody world. and The cattle markets have become centres for the organised beef mafia.: The origin of the Centres new rules on cattle sales lies in a 2014 petition filed by animal activist Gauri Maulekhi in which she states that cruelty was being meted out to animals which were being illegally transported across the Indian border. In light of the protests by the states and animal traders Maulekhi who works for the NGO People for Animals and is an adviser to Union Minister Maneka Gandhi clarifies that the new rules are not about controlling the eating habits of people but about animal welfare. Article here http//www.rediff.com/news/interview/thewomanbehindthenewcattlesalelaw/20170601.htm text post because the title of original article not descriptive enough. Trump announces US withdrawal from Paris climate accord says deal not tough enough on India and China. India Russia To Develop Independent Credit Rating Industry. Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi Govt of India New Delhi India Dual Citizenship for IndiansWithin and Outside India. Isnt it time to ask the Indian Government to permit dual citizenship to all Indians and NRI. Aadhaar Ushering in a Commercialized Era of Surveillance in India. Bharat Electronics forecasts 1.5B in sales as India boosts domestic production. Russialed economic bloc can boost trade with India by 800. India Stumbles but Looks Set to Pick Itself Up on the Path to Reform: [deleted]. Will cow replace tiger as Indias national animal Well nation only once saw such a change. Relations With India Wont Be Diluted Due To Growing Ties With Pak Russian President Vladimir Putin. HindiRoosi Bhai Bhai Modi hugs Putin: [deleted]. Growing Distance Between Delhi and Moscow India and Russia need to revitalize their bilateral relationship.. What New Silk Road Indians think theirs is the most influential country in Asia. Arun Jaitley just tripped over his own feet by admitting economy wasnt healthy when govt launched note ban. GST to boost Indias GDP growth on a sustained basis Marie Diron Moodys: [deleted]. Air India Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India: [deleted]. Germany and India Talk New World Order. Germany and India Talk New World Order: [deleted]. OBOR India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. Indecisive Indian Railways Delaying Bullet Train Dream Talgo. GST may fail braille test tax upto 18 per cent on articles used by disabled people. Anger over GST impact on differently abled: [deleted]. HomeEconomy Moodys fires fresh salvo at Modi says India government debt significantly high Moodys fires fresh salvo at Modi says India government debt significantly high. Delhi failed where Ahmedabad scored Why capital is not able to close pollution loop. Manufacturing PMI falls to 3month low in May. Finding a bakra for Air India may not be easy Aviation Minister. Job creation in highgrowth India should be a top priority.: [deleted]. Layoffs Layoffs scare is real not exaggerated finds ETs Jobs Disruption survey. IT jobs in India seen declining 14 by 2021 as automation puts 480000 workers at risk. Indias Tax Revamp Is Likely to Create Some Havoc. Slowest economic growth in two years confronts hawkish RBI.. Indias low carbon transition India has made a push towards a low carbon economic transition by expanding its renewable energy capacity by 350 over the past 13 years. Why is there no outrage and national debate over 6.1 Growth rate: I see little outrage and debate about 6.1 GDP growth and even lower 5.6 GVA growth. GVA growth was 7.3 in 201516 Edit some pieces to Read [Finally the impact of demonetisation is visible in the GDP numbers. Gross valueadded GVA growth at constant prices fell to a mere 5.6 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 FY17 clearly showing the scars of demonetisation on the economy.]http//www.livemint.com/Money/hGjrhj5FAIxBsNkmKgcFtM/TheIndianeconomyfinallybaresitsdemonetisationscars.html livemint [India GDP growth rate slowed to 6.1 in the fourth quarter of 201617 from 7 in the preceding quarter mirroring impact of demonetisation on key sectors]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/Ig7hWnKkVbhVGXxovJOYGO/GDPgrowsat61infourthquarterbelowestimateof71.html Hoping Primetime Debate all week long will be about how to bring back growth and Investment. we were supposed to grow at 88.5 in 201718. Now even 7 looks hard. Wow. now Factory growth is also down [Indias factory growth slows to threemonth low in May as new orders soften ]http//www.livemint.com/Industry/tuew1r2nW1ViBM3w034mfN/IndiasfactorygrowthslowstothreemonthlowinMayasne.html. Indias GDP Growth Rate Would Be Over 10 If More Women Were Working Says World Bank. Indias GDP Growth Rate Would Be Over 10 If More Women Were Working Says World Bank: [deleted]. Varanasi to get Indias 1st freight village. The future of school in India is online. How Indias GST in its current avatar deviates from global practices. Basics of Goods and Service Tax GST in India. Ravish Kumar did a show on other aspects of the prevention of cruelty against animals notification. There are not more troubling things than slaughter ban.: Here is the video. https//youtu.be/IMd6r46DlXw. Us amp Them the farmers. Andhra Pradesh eyes 5 lakh jobs with fintech hub. Vibrant Gujarat summit forced silence on Zika. India would stick to climate accord even if U.S. pulled out source Reuters. Setback for Modi India loses worlds fastest growing economy tag as GDP grows slowest in 2 years. Indias low growth reassuring not disappointing AEI. Petrol price hiked by Rs 1.23 per litre diesel by 86 paise per litre. Airtel and Idea Ask Customers to ReVerify Connections Using Aadhaar. Indias economic growth slows to lowest in more than 2 years. Online Trolls Attack Critics of Indias Aadhaar State ID System. It undermines our basic rights Madras High Court suspends PM Modis controversial cow slaughter ban after protesters file petition. In crimeinfested Delhi police on cycles will now hunt for antinationals Cops have been specifically asked to keep an eye on sloganeering by university students and the sale of drugs by foreign nationals.. gdp Note ban shows up in Indias growth economy grows 6.1 in March quarter The Economic Times. Indias GDP in Q4 grows 6.1 loses fastest growing economy tag Times of India. Germany pushes for postBrexit EU trade deal with India. Demonetisation impact GDP growth slows to 6.1 in Q4 7.1 in FY17. GDP growth slows to 6.1 in Q4 7.1 in FY17: [deleted]. Press Conference by Chief Statistician of India and Secretary MOSPI Dr.T.C.A.Anant. Now link your Aadhaar with PAN through a SMS. JUSTIN Indias GDP grows at 6.1 per cent in JanuaryMarch quarter misses estimates. Germany and India Talk New World Order: [deleted]. India GDP to grow faster in FY18 at 7.5 Moodys. Defence deals await private firms. Power game Kerala to get fully electrified tag today. PM Narendra Modi seeks quantum jump in ties with Germany 8 pacts signed: [deleted]. Myanmar to promote trade with India. Germany and India Talk New World Order: [deleted]. Govt to release GDP data for FY17 today. Rail cops uncover fake Aadhar scam. Indian Police to Probe 10.8 Billion Plane Order From 2005: [deleted]. Indias growth predicted at 7.5 GDP to rise to 8 Moodys. Mammoth Moves 3 Years of the Modi Government [SampP Global CRISIL Report]: https//www.spglobal.com/ourinsights/MammothMoves.html [Direct PDF link to the 56 page report]http//media.spglobal.com/documents/SPGlobalCRISILArticle23May2017MammothMoves3YearsoftheModiGovernment.pdf Nice informative read with easy graphicsin case verbose reading is not your cup of tea. Are electronic imports the new gold for the Indian economy At 4.4 billion Indias electronic imports mainly that of mobile phones over took gold imports worth 3.8 billion in April. India offers the next frontier for Chinese property developers. Indias Poorest Areas Most Vulnerable to Heat Waves As Planning Targets Cities. Why nuclear power still makes sense for India. Real estate alcohol should also be under GST Bill Arvind Subramanian. Hi r/india Nikhil Pahwa here. You have an opportunity to fix Internet amp Mobile billing issues [NP]: Hi r/india. I deposed before the TRAI yesterday pointing out issues with the way billing is done and how Internet and mobile plans work. TRAI has now given time till this Friday 2nd June 2017 for anyone to send submissions. If you at r/india collectively or individually want to share your comments pls send them to advfea1trai.gov.in What was interesting was that the entire discussion became Jio vs other telcos instead of looking at how to make tariffs more consumer friendly. The TRAI is receptive towards issues of billing it seems and particularly wants to understand how to make internet plans more transparent. For examples of issues that can be raised some stuff which I pointed out yesterday changes in bill plans / charges without consent Advertising of the term Unlimited for broadband plans Incorrect selling of plans by local agents ISPs like MTNL inserting ads into connections though its not explicitly a part of the tariff plan. Lack of disclosure of contention ratio how many people compete to use the same advertised bandwidth and other stuff. Theres a google doc here bit[dot]ly/2rCYsSV You have till friday to send your views in. Im reworking this doc for my submission. [edit corrected content ratio typo to contention ratio. Thanks for pointing it out u/TemptNotTheBlade ]. GST Rates Hotels in Bengaluru observe bandh. Niti Aayog pushes for sale of Air India Rs 30000cr debt writeoff. How did the Zika virus get to India Or has it always been here. RBI calls for account number portability banks wary. How much does a wealthy worker make in India: I was reading about the water crisis in Bangalore and I was wondering how much does the average wealthy worker make in India When it comes to developing a solution how much money is there to invest in a solution I am from the USA and have no idea what money is worth in India and looking to be able to draw a comparison. . OneRupee Note Issued Only to Fulfil Bureaucrats Desire to Put Their Signature on It Reveals RTI [March 2017]. India on its way to regaining ancient glory becoming global leader Nirmal Jain. India Must Convince Germany it is BusinessFriendly. India Germany sign 12 agreements: [deleted]. Narendra Modi visits Germany as a part of his 4nation tour stresses on counterterrorism efforts: [deleted]. Chief Economic Adviser Join me live on the FinMinIndia facebook page every day June 1117 for an online course on the Indian economy. Details to follow.. We purposely didnt reveal Zika cases to public. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. Reliance Communications Stock Bond at Record Low on Ratings: [deleted]. India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. GST shows why higher education is a stepchild of all governments: [deleted]. Madras High Court stays Centres notification on sale of cattle for slaughter. Norms to protect customer in fraudulent transaction soon RBI Times of India. Indias new cattle laws threaten a 5.6 billion industry that supplies to Armani and MampS. Great News for Indias Railway Travelers: [deleted]. Hotels in southern states to stay closed today to protest GST rates. Why Indias growing religiosity is an economic challenge. The Real Estate Regulation and Development Act RERA in India. TDS What is TDS and how does it work. LIVE TRAI discusses tariff regulation and promotional offers in Open House Discussion. Kerala is now totally electrified. How does Indian investment in Africa compare with Chinas. Indias electricity companies have surplus power and thats a big challenge. High GST rate on ayurvedic items How can one feel Achchhe Din asks Patanjali. Digital Indias tech team in turmoil on key exits. Reat estate liquor out of GST as influential people run them Manish Sisodia. Narendra Modi embarks on fournation tour Germany first stop. PM Narendra Modi embarks on a fournation tour of Germany Spain Russia and France during a Europe trip starting today and ending 3 June. Bangalore water woes Indias Silicon Valley dries up. Trumps immigration curbs will hurt Indian outsourcing firms. Major Gogoi Implications of Award Major Gogoi being awarded by the Army raises serious questions about the Court of Inquiry amp the Army.. Anganwadi workers to receive 4000 tablets. India to grow at 7.2 in FY18 will accelerate to 7.7 by FY20 World Bank: [deleted]. Cryptocurrencies may be made legal in India before long. Railways RITES records 18 rise in revenue. Aviation ministry to plan path for Air India this week. budget hotels OYO plans to hire 5000 people in eight months: [deleted]. Flipkart launches another Summer Sale with up to 80 discounts as ecommerce battle intensifies: [deleted]. India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. Aviation ministry to plan path for Air India this week: [deleted]. Indias Population Surges Poverty Noose Tightens. New York Times Glosses Over Harms of Alcohol Prohibition in India Prohibition didnt work in America and its not working in India.. GST will be first product of federal India Finance minister Arun jaitley. Social impact of demonetisation may have been greater World Bank. EUIndia trade agreement a winwin situation study xpost /r/europe. Ford offers discounts up to Rs 30000 on EcoSport Figo Aspire. The Protesting Tamil Farmer Pays For The UP Farmers Loan Waiver. Indias economic potential is not being realised because of lack of competitiveness and still dominance of Govt. in every sector.: [removed]. GST Rates Solar Power Equipment Parts To Attract 5 Tax. Indias Railway A breakthrough. Supreme Court Asks Courts to Lean in Favour of Nations Economic Interest. Aviation ministry to plan path for Air India this week: [deleted]. BSNL To Soon Roll Out Satellite Phone Service To Common Man. India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. Arun Jaitley for Air India selloff says private airlines can handle entire market no need for staterun co. India seen staying fastest growing major economy in JanMarch quarter. Ahmedabad health officials found out about Zika cases in their city from WHO website on Friday. EPF EPFO may reduce PF contributions to 10. OBOR India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. How will GST impact state revenues. Free Trade Agreement India Russia plan Free Trade Agreement in Eurasian region. Nitish Kumar once again demands special status for Bihar. Indias new GST tax regime comes in for criticism Food Industry Analysis. Need to make India defence manufacturing hub Arun Jaitley. Aadhaar Based EKYC Verification Reverifications And Authentications Are Not Mandatory For Mobile Connections As Per Supreme Court. Daily News amp Analysis Indian Blue Helmets in South Sudan tackle deadly cattle. Aravind Datar GST is the most terrible thing that will happen to the country. Virtual safe spurs rush for Aadhaar. The GST antiprofiteering weapon. We need a huge debate in the country about Job creation otherwise we are headed for a utter disaster.: Everybody should be involved Media Industry Experts Govt. NGOs Public. otherwise i see crisis already looming and gonna be Ugly.. Niti Aayog NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches. India Expected to Be Worlds Biggest Car Market by 2021: [deleted]. India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. Suresh Prabhu Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. Elon Musk explains why Tesla is not selling in India gov says they should build a factory. India second most complex tax jurisdiction in AsiaPacific Deloitte. Niti Aayog NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches: [deleted]. India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. New Restrictions on Cattle Slaughter Will Hurt Indian Farmers the Most. Jobs are Modis central mission and hes failing. Read how. Is Rajinikanth ready to turn politician: [deleted]. IndoAfrican bilateral trade will touch 100 billion by 2018 AfDB. Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. Niti Aayog NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. India Japan come up with AAGC to counter Chinas OBOR: [deleted]. Believe it or not Petrol could be below Rs 30 a litre in 5 years: [deleted]. GST blow Medicines to be get costlier as raw materials to be taxed at 18. GST of 28 per cent a box office flop for ailing Bengali Filmdom. GST rates TVs ACs refrigerators to get costlier after 1 July GST rollout. All home appliances and consumer durables including TVs ACs refrigerators and washing machines will attract a 28 tax rate after GST implementation. GST rate Fertilizers to come under 12 tax slab prices likely to rise. The GST Council has fixed a 12 GST rate on fertilizers up from the current 48 rates depending on raw materials used and in which states the products are sold. 28 GST on plywood highly unjustified PPMA. GST Hotels in South India to observe bandh on May 30. Indian solar entrepreneur relishes challenge of 300 days of sun. Mozillas headline doesnt do its stance justice. India Cancels Mega Plans To Build Coal Power Stations Due To Falling Solar Energy Prices. India announces 500 mn assistance to Mauritius. Govt might soon exit Air India totally says Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. Let there be light Kerala to be declared fully electrified on May 29. India bans sale of cows for slaughter a move designed to appease conservative Hindus. Finalized GST Rate Card for items Buy electronic stuff before 30th may otherwise you will be pissed off. 3 big policy moves of the Modi Govt and the parliamentary patli gali for each of the moves.. Concessional lands to Patanjali How Reuters used conjectures and half truths to build a narrative. Aadhaar isnt progress its dystopian and dangerous Mozillas official blog. NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending. Good news for Indian students New US bill seeks to bring H1B exemptions. This week in national affairs cows weapons motherboards and Snapchat.. Sri Lanka 91 killed in floods India dispatches relief to island nation. Bitcoin can be misused for cycling black money and financing terror warn House panel MPs: [deleted]. Farm Output May Have Increased in Three Years But Farmers Welfare Has Not. Suresh Prabhu Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. Suresh Prabhu Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches: [deleted]. Health Care and Tech Seen Boosting India Offshore Loan Volumes: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Why Indias Next Economic Boom Will Be Led By Surge In Affordable Housing. Cattle trafficking Supreme Court asks Centre to frame rules in 3 months [July 2016]. Amartya Sen on why China is ahead of India. Sensex salutes Modi govts 3 years in office scales Mt 31K 5 factors fuelling this rally. Delhi High Court concerned about citizens not being able to access food rations due to Aadhaar glitches. Where are the jobs in India Compared to April 2015 Naukri.coms Job Speak Index rose a mere 1.8 in April 2017 indicating the glacial pace of job creation and a persistent unemployment problem. GST may make restaurants movies malls cheaper The Economic Times. LIVE Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks on third anniversary of NDA govt. The Prime Minister says NE for North East will soon mean New Economy New Energy New Empowerment New Engine. This new engine will take India forward.: [deleted]. Environment Ministry bans Cattle Slaughter Across India Restrictions on Sale Too. Maruti to start 15 skill centres across India by August 2017. India possesses all the ingredients to win says Harvard economist Michael E Porter. Raghuram Rajan was on board on demonestisation Economic Affairs Secretary tells Parliament panel. India Launches Massive Push for Clean Power Lighting and Cars. Poor salaries training impede health workers. Green energy can create 58000 jobs in India by 2022. Pune Pimpri Chinchwad RTOs crack whip on Ola autos. Why India Keeps Making Grand Claims About Its Energy Future. Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. Government asks 129 nonperforming babus to leave in public interest. Indias SecondBiggest Gas Retailer Plans Buyouts for Expansion. Investment trade likely to top Canada PM Justin Trudeaus agenda on India visit. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Centre bans sale of cattle for slaughter brings restrictions on trade: [deleted]. Government sitting on Rs 8 lakh crore telecom time bomb warn bankers. Maharashtra Loadshedding in the times of surplus power. Consumer organisation claims MSEDCL is pooling in money for uninterrupted electricity supply without providing it.. MumbaiNagpur expressway Land acquisition blues again. For the past few weeks farmers in Nashik and some other parts are staging agitation against the proposed MumbaiNagpur highway.. Andhra Pradesh Gujarat CEZs may offer bigticket incentives. After Decades of Neglect India Builds Along Chinas Border. India retains tag of worlds top most greenfield FDI destination: [deleted]. India retains worlds highest FDI recipient crown Report. Indias Longest Bridge Built For Tanks To Open In Assam Tomorrow. How can we stop todays evil from haunting us in future. Indias plans to ban Chinese power firms could backfire warns Chinese media: [deleted]. 2 Solar Power Records In 2 Days In India. Goods and Service Tax GST Its as simple as that: [deleted]. Digital India Is No Country for Women. Heres Why. Suresh Prabhu targets Rs 2 lakh crore revenue for railways in 2 years: [deleted]. NITI Aayog drafting policy to turn Indias coastline into world class beaches: [deleted]. Indias shift from fossil fuels to clean energy is rapidly gaining momentum Tech 2. Investment trade likely to top Canada PM Justin Trudeaus agenda on India visit: [deleted]. GST ready to roll But history shows it could stoke inflation. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. What is GST Goods amp Services Tax Law Explained with Facts amp Examples. Coal to be Indias energy mainstay for next 30 years Policy Paper. Machines Vs humans The battle for jobs in India is affecting not just IT engineers. CBSE board exam results 2017 will be announced on time assures Prakash Javadekar. IT Sector Layoffs/ Unemployment. India is ready for the next big leap into the future By Rana Kapoor. Indias SecondBiggest Gas Retailer Plans Buyouts for Expansion: [deleted]. Investment trade likely to top Canada PM Justin Trudeaus agenda on India visit: [deleted]. GST ready to roll But history shows it could stoke inflation: [deleted]. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. RBI defies Supreme Court order refuses to disclose list of loan defaulters. Government asks 129 nonperforming babus to leave in public interest: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Reliance Jio wants Airtel Vodafone and Idea penalised for paying less in licence fee: [deleted]. Rs 3050crore penalty on Airtel Vodafone Idea Action on incumbent telcos as per law regulator tells DoT. South China Sea India reneging on promise by conducting naval drills in South China Sea China. India is ready for the next big leap into the future By Rana Kapoor: [deleted]. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. Investment trade likely to top Canada PM Justin Trudeaus agenda on India visit: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Publishers fear red tape censorship Govt gets a warning. Please Note Clarifications. Govt. Schools Elon Musk After His Tesla India Launch Tweet. GST ready to roll But history shows it could stoke inflation: [deleted]. Government asks 129 nonperforming babus to leave in public interest: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. All aboard Indias new luxury affordable train. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. To Make in India Modi govt approves Buy in India. Final rates by GST council. Job websites see surge in resums for IT jobs amid layoff worries. GST structure an unfortunate compromise. Indias long road to prosperity Martin Wolf is impressed by an analysis of what the worlds largest democracy must do in order to thrive. India scraps foreign investment board in push for more FDI. Govt approves setting up of AIIMS in Assam. USIndia relationship never been stronger says Trump administration. India scraps foreign investment board in push for more FDI: [deleted]. Arvind Subramanian vindicated as Moodys finally downgrades China rating India upgrade next. MoD panel for autonomous weapons acquisition body in charge of policy acquisition and exports. India Japan JV to set up LNG import terminal in Sri Lanka. India considering punitive actions against Pakistan US official. Indias Government Seeks Public Comments on How Bitcoin Should Be Regulated. US revives two infrastructure projects in Asia to counter Chinas OBOR. Setback for GST Need for epermit to be flashed at interstate borders. India makes biometrics mandatory for all egov projects. India urges RCEP members to abide by WTO services rules. Indias electric vehicles push likely to benefit Chinese car makers. 1.5 million students data leaked online put up for sale for up to Rs60000. CBSE Class 12th results 2017 Delhi HC tells board to continue grace marks policy. GST ready to roll But history shows it could stoke inflation: [deleted]. Indias SecondBiggest Gas Retailer Plans Buyouts for Expansion: [deleted]. Complaint to PMO on NagpurMumbai Expressway Rs 46000crore project tailormade for select contractors. Indian govt responds to Elon Musk over 30 local sourcing criteria: [deleted]. Aadhar Blunder 1000 Villagers Issued Cards With Same Birth Date. African Development Bank meet Narendra Modi govt should ensure racist attacks dont imperil African goodwill. Elon Musk was misinformed Tesla doesnt need local sourcing to Make in India. The Belt And Road Chinese Dominance And The Indian Response. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. Government asks 129 nonperforming babus to leave in public interest: [deleted]. .elonmusk With respect to news reports on launch plans of Tesla in India being delayed please note some key clarifications MakeInIndia. Indias SecondBiggest Gas Retailer Plans Buyouts for Expansion: [deleted]. Uma Bharati congratulates Shivraj for banning sand mining in Narmada. Prime Minister Narendra Modi pitches for AfricaAsia corridor. War on Sugar Turns Years of Growth Into Market Tipping Point: [deleted]. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. Government asks 129 nonperforming babus to leave in public interest: [deleted]. GST ready to roll But history shows it could stoke inflation: [deleted]. What would be the legal status of Bitcoin in India. India power sector India to give a power blow to Chinese firms soon. Read how. No change in stand on Indias entry into NSG China. Wont allow India entry of companies from country barring Indian firms Piyush Goyal. Three Years Into BJP Government Unemployment Rate Slightly Up. Why automation could be a threat to Indias growth. Being a Tamil in a PostJayalalithaa World.The political vacuum in Tamil Nadu comes at a time when the divergence between the fundamental interests of the state and India are beginning to accelerate owing to demographic trends.: [deleted]. Delhi govt will oppose GST on sanitary pads Sisodia. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. GST Indias Big New Tax Is Far Too Complicated. Donald Trump Proposes to Convert US Grant to Pakistan Into Loan. Income Tax Department 300 benami assets of netas in Kolkata under Income Tax Departments lens. Government seeks public views on future of bitcoin. GST The coming disruption in the wholesale trade. India govt. asks for public opinion on bitcoins. Bad loans crisis RBI to expand oversight committee rating agencies role. Coal crunch for private plants as Maharashtra gives power to Uttar Pradesh. According to industry sources supply to private power producers has been severely curtailed to make sure supply of more coal to Mahagenco power plants to help them ramp up production to supply to Uttar Pradesh.. Higher GST rates unlikely to disturb consumption Experts: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. China to block Indias NSG bid again. Layoff number exaggerated IT industry is a net hirer of people Nasscom. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. The rosy [P]icture of demonetisation that the government is trying to paint is really not true.. MakeinIndia Lessons Why Are Vietnams Electronics Exports Ten Times That of Indias. Wont accept Asian premium India tells OPEC. Serious Question Can anyone explain whats the deal with this Triple Talaq thing [P]: Im seeing it in the headlines almost every other day and when I try to read the article its always taken out of some context. Each article points to gazillion other articles about the same. I have realized that Im lazy to read up on all articles regarding that. Can anyone please explain whats the entire deal about Triple Talaq Much appreciated. Thanks in advance. . Japan to help India improve textile quality raise exports. India is spending 100 cr to save 4 critically endangered species. Stop Misusing Law Against Hurting Religious Sentiments Says Supreme Court. Aadhaar Will Completely Digitise Air Travel Says Jayant Sinha. NREGA workers get lowest wage hike ever Re 1 in some states. In some states like Assam Bihar Jharkhand Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand the increase in daily wages under MGNREGA from April 1 is just Re 1.. Gvots push to link Aadhaarbased payments with MNREGA yet to succeed. Only 44 of 10.2 crore workers received payments under the Centres rural job scheme till April 2017. UP Residents of Kanjasa village have same bday on Aadhaar cards. Sindoor or sanitary napkinwhat does GST Council view as more indispensable to women. Am trying to understand the benefit of GST for the common man: And i cannot come up with a single benefit for the common man All i know about GST is that it will make taxation more transparent and direct and some things will get cheaper and some will get more expensive. But smart people are smart enough to know this is not how it will actually work. Things never get cheaper. If GST is supposed to make something cheaper it will remain the same price and obviously things which are supposed to get more expensive will get more expensive. So whenever i see news articles saying this will get cheaper that will get cheaper are they morons and idiots to not know that never happens in India Same every year during yearly budgets news channels saying these things will get cheaper and have they ever done a follow up where they checked if those things indeed got cheaper I mean who is the government and news outlets trying to fool here Prices NEVER decrease in India they always INCREASE. So stop this nonsense of feeding people lies. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Modis Oil Champions on Track to Match 16 Billion Spending: [deleted]. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. If developers fail to get registered before end of July show cause notices will be issued. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. GST will be a tough job but not for the reasons you think: [deleted]. Govt. gives green signal to build 4 LPDs worth over Rs 20000 Crore. OBOR India doesnt have a lot to lose by boycotting OBOR. Read why. A mindboggling reform looms over Indias 2 trillion economy. India Launches Massive Push for Clean Power Lighting and Cars: [deleted]. 91 Lakh New Taxpayers In Full Year Not After Notes Ban Finance Ministry. Basic Energy Access Does Not Unlock Broader SocioEconomic Benefits. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. A crucial piece of GST puzzle is still missing. India power sector Security concerns Indias new rules will bar Chinese companies in power sector The Economic Times. Government Invites Comments On Virtual Currencies. Details Here NDTV: [deleted]. Ministry of Finance on Twitter Comments/suggestions from public invited on Virtual Currencies Framework by 31.5.2017 on website MyGov.in. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. GDP numbers likely to be revised higher Nomura. GST rate A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. Layoffs and shrinking job market Is this the end of Indias engineering dream. Inflation will fall by 2 on GST implementation Hasmukh Adhia. Rs.1.4 trillion worth of investments abandoned/stalled in April. When will the jobs come back. Mumbai Marathi made mandatory for BMC work: [deleted]. IndoAfrican bilateral trade will touch 100 billion by 2018 AfDB: [deleted]. Explained GST For Cars. Parliamentary Committee Favours Reservations For Transgender People In India. How Andhra Pradesh plans to make its new capital Amaravati a worldclass city. Final rates by GST council: [deleted]. Centre finalises policy to include private firms in defence manufacturing. Govt gears up to counter charge it didnt create jobs Times of India. Modi Governments Maternity Benefits Scheme Will Likely Exclude Women Who Need It the Most. Fifth Column Three red flags.. Fifth Column Three red flags. The third red flag I want to raise on this third anniversary is that there are no signs yet of the economic boom that people like me believed would happen as soon as Modi became Prime Minister.: [deleted]. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. RBI Says Infusing Funds Into India Lenders Wont Solve Debt Mess: [deleted]. GDP numbers likely to be revised higher Nomura: [deleted]. A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. During a factcheck google search i found this document that states LampT Infotechs attrition rates for 201416 were 13.2 19.5 and 18.4 respectively.: It is a dry financial document but buried in there among the other stuff is this gtThe attrition rates of our employees globally for Financial Years 2016 2015 and 2014 were 18.4 19.5 and 13.2 respectively. If we cannot hire and retain additional qualified personnel our ability to bid on and obtain new projects and to continue to expand our business will be impaired and our revenue could decline. We believe that there is significant competition within our industry for professionals with the skills necessary to perform the services we offer particularly in the locations in which we have operations. We may not be able to hire and retain enough skilled and experienced employees to replace those who leave. Increasing competition for technology professionals may also impact our ability to retain personnel and changes in government policies may also affect our ability to attract hire and retain personnel. Emphasis mine. Document https//www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/images/LarsenToubroInfotechLimitedProspectus.pdf That is a shocking admission. Can you lot find similar info. Restaurants and fastfood joints could make you pay for 12 GST burden. EVM challenge on 3 June Participants to be given four hours to hac. GST makes India inhospitable says tourism sector. EVM Challenge Begins June 3. why petrol prices are too high in India.. are we Indian fools paying Rs. 70 for a commodity which should cost not more then Rs. 30. ECI Chief Nazim Zaidi announces EVM Hackathon xpost from r/IndiaSpeaks: [removed]. GST takes shape Modi Sarkar tells companies that profiteering will be dealt with strictly. A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017: [deleted]. Idea Flipkart team up to offer free 30 GB data on select 4G smartphones. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. As GST Rates Are Fixed The Winners And Losers. A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017: [deleted]. Goods and Services Tax You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July: [deleted]. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. The full GST rate schedule for goods: [deleted]. Do SBIs fourth quarter results indicate a turnaround in economy. State Of The Economy with Kiran Mujamdar Shaw. Full list of GST rates for SERVICES as approved by the GST Council.. The big news GST Council places most services in the 18 tax slab and nine other top stories. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. Extending electricity to poor rural communities in India not reaping hopedfor economic impact. FMCG stocks rise as industry welcomes GST rates. Final rates by GST council: [deleted]. Highway projects worth Rs 5 lakh crore planned in 2 years. Indias ambitious plan to get its rail network back on track: [deleted]. How bad was Liscence Raj amp Congress for the growth of our economy [Economy]: [removed]. GST Rates Finalised Luxury Items To Cost More. [OLD] Shivshankar Menon The Policy of No First Use of Nuclear Weapons has Served Indias Purpose: [deleted]. Tax Rate For 1211 Items Fixed Under GST. Here Is The List. Aadhaar Case Beyond Privacy An Issue of Bodily Integrity. The UDAN Scheme Is Very Beneficial to India Jayant Sinha. India to become TB free by 2025 Nadda. India jumps 16 places in world tourism ranking. GST rates Services to have 4 slabs education healthcare exempted from tax: [deleted]. Final rates by GST council: [deleted]. Paytm Raises 1.4 Billion From SoftBank to Expand User Base: [deleted]. Highway projects worth Rs 5 lakh crore planned in 2 years: [deleted]. Final rates by GST council: [deleted]. GST rates Aerated drinks to attract 40 tax industry body upset. With new GST services rate will movie tickets price become cheaper. State Of The Economy with Kiran Mujamdar Shaw: [deleted]. According to World Bank data Unemployment in India in 2016 was 3.5.. Set up care centre for kids who face sexual abuse SC. State Of The Economy with Kiran Mujamdar Shaw: [deleted]. Illusion of surplus RaviBeas waters Like a division of assets in an agrarian feudal family where everything has to be divided equally Haryana insisted on equal division of river water. It was oblivious of laws of nature which determine the flow amp use of river waters on a riparian basis. State Of The Economy with Kiran Mujamdar Shaw: [deleted]. Desh Deshantar OBOR/ BRI why India opted out. GDP numbers likely to be revised higher Nomura: [deleted]. GST Impact Small Cars To Cost More Luxury Cars TwoWheelers Could Benefit. GST Impact Mobiles Computers to Get Pricier Gaming Seems Unaffected. GST Mobile phone bills to rise post GST. India one of the worlds top gas guzzlers plans to make all its cars electric by 2030. GST on services fixed Ola Uber rides AC train travel flying economy cheaper moviegoing to cost less. The company behind Apples Siri voicebased assistant is in talks with Aadjar authorities for voicebased authentication.: [deleted]. Aadhar authority in talks to add another layer of authentication. UIDAI goes after org that disclosed government departments were releasing Aadhaar data: [deleted]. TRAI recommends Aadhaar authentication for broadband connections after ISPAI letter. Kerala civic body promotes sustainable menstruation to install cloth pad vending machines. The project plans to make access to cloth pads easy and affordable.. Bill to seize property of fugitives unveiled Times of India. GST rate Most services to be taxed at 18 say govt sources. Money That Went Abroad Illegally In 2007 Estimated Cost Of Linking Indias Rivers. Karti Chidambaram leaves for London just two days after CBI raids Chidambaram says son will return soon. Full list of GST rates for 98 categories of goods: [deleted]. RBI revises definition of what constitutes a bank branch. [P] GST rates decided on 1211 items Milk exempt foodgrain to be cheaper. Full list of GST rates for 98 categories of goods. Cabinet approves fourlaning of PorbandarDwarka highway. No jobs Let them eat.... A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017: [deleted]. Highway projects worth Rs 5 lakh crore planned in 2 years: [deleted]. No formal talks on investment facilitation at WTO says India. How safe are sanitary pads in India. To distribute Rs 20 crore Akhilesh govt splurged Rs 15 crore on functions CAG: [deleted]. 81 items to be taxed below 18 rate under GST Government. GDP numbers likely to be revised higher Nomura: [deleted]. Economy growing at 7 jobs at 1 Times of India. Pregnant women to get Rs 6000 under maternity benefit programme Cabinet. Our Environment Minister Anil Madhav Dave died today at 60.: Although in my view he was not a great environmental minister inheriting it from an even worse minister i.e. Javadekar being much more in favour of industry by abolishing the water cess act of 1977 as well as [not getting much support from the centre.]https//www.google.co.uk/amp/www.nagpurtoday.in/modigovernmentnotseriousaboutenvironmentnothinginbudgettoreducegreenhouseemissions/02011800/amp He had to focus on getting infrastructure projects stuck in environmental clearances to [start running again]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/WRyOkD2fcoVLIWtnUzfnHM/GreenhurdlesputrailwayprojectsworthRs10000crorein.html and [lift their restrictions.]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/centreliftsmoratoriumongujarats3industrialclusters4397391/ However he kind of had to be more corporatist leaning with development being a key agenda for this government. All of this is discarding the treatment of NGOs like Greenpeace in India. He was a strong environmentalist in his personal life cycled to work organised big environment events and one great thing he did was to encourage a nonhazardous alternative to asbestos. I hope the next person can be much better. RIP. . 81 items to be taxed below 18 rate under GST Government: [deleted]. To The Point with Anil Madhav Dave [Aug 2016]. Japan to Boost Indias Infrastructure in NorthEast Region. How banking became a mix of misplaced hopes and apathy. Centre grants Rs 11 cr to Indian Institute of Engineering Science amp Technology IIEST Shibpur to conduct medical research on homeopathy.. TRAI Suggests Aadhaar eKYC for Internet and Broadband Connections: Telecom regulator TRAI on Wednesday recommended the use of Aadhaarbased eKYC verification for subscribers of fixed line internet and broadband connections as in the case of mobile connections. Telecom Regulatory Authority of Indias TRAI recommendation if accepted by the Department of Telecom would make the authentication process fast and reliable and lead to substantial savings for the industry. the authority recommends laying down an appropriate format Customer Acquisition Form for verification/reverification of all subscribers including fixed line availing Internet and broadband services and adoption of Aadhaarbased eKYC service similar to mobile connections for their verification a TRAI statement said. TRAI had received a representation from the Internet Service Providers Association of India ISPAI to extend Aadhaarbased eKYC authentication to ISPs for broadband and Internet connections also as is currently the case with mobile connections. ISPAI has stated in their letter that use of such service for authenticity of customers for broadband and internet connections will be fast and much authentic as well as save time and cost TRAI said. While the government has prescribed CAF for verification of new mobile connections using Aadhaar based eKYC services and for reverification of existing subscribers TRAI noted that so far this requirement has not been prescribed for the customers of internet and broadband as well as fixed line.. Cabinet nod for signing of historic convention on base erosion and profit shifting.. What India lacks What needs to be done Prof. K Ramasubramanian.. Narendra Modis stealth privatisation Over 3 years shares of PSUs in overall market cap down by a fourth. India needs to curb a borrowing spree by its state governments. RBI creates post of chief financial officer invites job applications. To The Point with Anil Madhav Dave [Aug 2016]: [deleted]. Andhra Pradesh gvot to give monthly stipend to unemployed youths. Kotak Mahindra Bank enables blockchain based trade financing operation. Andhra Pradesh govt to give monthly stipend to unemployed youths: [deleted]. March 2104 vs March 2017. discuss/contribute and tell what can be done better for each parameter to improve.: [deleted]. Andhra Pradesh govt to give monthly stipend to unemployed youths. Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu who heads the subcommittee said that steps are being taken by the Andhra government to impart skill development and training and create more job opportunities for youth.. China takes project of the century to Pakistan. Top 10 States in India by GDP [2017]. Rewari schoolgirls end weeklong hunger strike after upgradation of their school. PM Modi to visit Germany Spain Russia from May 29. Cabinet nod to amending law to allow construction of govtfunded infrastructure projects within prohibited area of Protected Monuments. OBOR is the grandest failure of Indian foreign policy. Union cabinet approves new coal linkage policy. Indian rupee pares gains against dollar closes lower at 64.16. Cabinet clears new coal linkage plan Shakti. Cabinet clears proposal to build 10 atomic reactors. Heritage Act may be amended to make way for public projects: [deleted]. India stands vindicated as EU refuses to endorse Chinas OBOR infrastructure initiative [P]. Cabinet clears proposal to build ten atomic reactors: [deleted]. SC wants the govt to protect the privacy of users from service providers like WhatsApp Tech2. NDA beats UPA rolls out roads faster Times of India. GST exemption list likely to be kept around 100 items. No treatment for women unattended by husbands. This shocker is part of the ancient text Oath of Caraka an initiation for medical students that the CBSE Board is planning to teach Std XI and XII students.. Too many spies spoil the intelligence broth. Bitcoin Growth and Future of the Industry in India. Modi vs Trump Be Indian Buy India vs Buy American Hire American Economic clash. Free WiFi facility at 28 stations on Konkan Railway. Gold shines on reducing Indias demand for gold. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy. Govt launches Operation Clean Money website to bring illegal wealth on books. Indias battle over buffalo meat. India less threatened by Islamic State Former U.S. envoy. Gems amp jewellery trade fully ready for GST roll out from July. EPFO reduces claim settlement period to 10 days. UP legislature passes GST Bill. RBI creates post of chief financial officer invites job applications: [deleted]. How India will benefit from Trumps protectionist visa curbs. Gujarat Cancelling 4 Gigawatt Coal Power Plant As India Moves Away From Coal. India second most attractive renewable energy investment destination. Centre plans to provide jobs to one crore people in next two years. NITI Aayog proposes lottery system for car rationing. What is the solution for our impending economic crisis: [removed]. Dont Crib on Petroleum Prices Consume them wisely instead: [deleted]. Trump may not be able to halt the worlds climate progress thanks to China and India. Govt Asks Internet Providers to Block Child Porn by 31 July. 16YrOld Boy Moves SC Seeking Complete Ban On Online Porn [Read Affidavit]. Uber overtakes Ola in number of app downloads for March. Reports More than 70 ATMs in India are not safe. Maharashtras polluting factories are making its rivers the filthiest in India. Petrol price cut by Rs 2.16 per litre diesel by Rs 2.10 a litre. Heres what everyone is saying in TRAIs latest Net Neutrality consultation. An evolving risk paradigm in the power sector. DoT Trai amp Department of Space need to work closely to pave way for commercial Satellite communications BIF. March 2104 vs March 2017. discuss/contribute and tell what can be done better for each parameter to improve.: [deleted]. Steel exports up 142 imports down 23. Delhi GDP grows by 12.76 per cent in 201617. CPEC master plan revealed: [deleted]. Petrol prices cut by Rs 2.16/litre diesel by Rs 2.10/litre in Delhi as crude falls but may rise ahead on output cuts. India Japan plan OBOR alternative project to be unveiled next Monday. There will be new bilateral dynamics between India France Envoy. Underground metro rail inaugurated in Tamil Nadu. Indias power access ranking rises to 26 from 99 says World Bank heres why it happened. West Bengal to have a separate engineering entrance test for minority students. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in India on fourday visit. Antidumping India imposes duty on some steel products. India to Hold Military Drills With Singapore Amid Navy Anniversary. Indias doing well but Fitch would still not up its rating. Heres why. AadhaarPAN linkage gets likes but data leak big overhang. BRI can spur ChinaIndiaPakistan partnership says Chinese researcher Hu Shisheng. IIMA training principals of Delhi govt schools. Delhi govt to conduct summer camps in over 1000 schools. Economist Bibek Debroy explains why more and more Indians are choosing not to work. New IIP series shows severe impact of demonetisation on manufacturing sector. India remains the only country to oppose Chinas One Belt One Road OBOR project. Indices amp Lies: We have several indices to measure the economy. It is a set of indices that can give us a clear picture as to how economy is doing. Economy being a complex beast needs many indices to measure it. However the indices are also not fixed and they are changed from time to time particularly by changing the base year or by recalibrating the main components of the indices. The base year gives the relative measure of the economics. It is like one thing is looked at from different points in space and points in time. Recently two indices Wholesale Price Index WPI and Consumer Price Index WPI are changed. The base year is revised and adjustment is done to accommodate structural changes in the economy. Structural changes is a subjective term at least in Indian economic scenario. The government may have to qualify what they mean by the structural change in the economy. The magic of changing the indices can make poverty disappear by a large number and it may make inflation look like deflation. This exactly happened to the inflation due to change in the indices the inflation fell down by many points. The change in the indices does not change the day to day reality of the Indian economic life. The common citizens know how difficult is to survive in the skyrocketing prices of essential commodities. The Government is blessed with the global oil prices but it has not given any dividends of the major gain due to falling prices of oil. India could have gained much from this but it seems that the RSS/BJP Government is keen on structural change in the economy. We know for sure that RSS/BJP Government is on statistical change. All said and done no economic index can capture the reality faced by the citizens on day to day basis. Recent article in the Economist reflects very sorry state of affairs in Indian economy particularly how the aggregate spending of the States is exceeding the Union Government. The states are running into the deeper ruts of indebtedness but they do not have to worry as the Union Government is the backing the loans raised by the Government bonds. The Government bonds are rated just above the junk bonds with a credit ratingBBB. This means that at some point of time Indian economy will enter into a downward spiral of slow down. The mounting debts will leads to a bigger catastrophe. The fiscal deficit of the states is larger than the union government but the RBI is denying it. But given the mix of politics and economics in India at this stage the Government will try to appease various constituencies by extending the dole outs. Fiscal prudence is more than needed in this country. India is a federal country and the fiscal federalism is important system to keep the country afloat. Therefore the state and union relations particularly in the area of finance is important. Babasaheb Ambedkar worked in this area in his doctoral thesis Evolution of provincial finance in British India It is a landmark work relevant even today for its suggestions in how to distribute money between the centre and the states. This is an important area and the field is open to further studies as to how the GST one uniform tax throughout India will affect the centre and state relationship. With a single taxation policy the intricate levy collection and distribution of the tax proceedings must be examined clearly and cleverly. Before the Government tinkers the statistics further the structural adjustment must be done and the areas waiting for the structural adjustment are key to Indias development enabling young India join the job market free and easy access to education and diversity in all areas.. Heres what everyone is saying in TRAIs latest Net Neutrality consultation. Repairing the house that Mahalanobis built. Is Make in India beginning to bear fruit. More than one million TB patients in India lack adequate nutrition. Why Ragpickers Unrecognised And Unpaid Are Critical For Waste Management In India. Alleging harassment on the way 80 girls quit school in Haryana sit on hunger strike. Triple talaq hearing SC says practice worst form of dissolution of marriage. Odisha govts apathy forces Kalahandi farmers to distress sell onion to Chatishgarh traders. [NP] Randians how big is the black economy in India : Ive just watched the world economic forum debate on UBI where Amitabh Kant was also present. In the debate he claimed that the Black Economy was a 1 trillion dollar economy which was running parallely with our 2.25 trillion dollar economy. Is the unaccounted economy really that huge Or is it just a wrong assessment Ive also heard Akhilesh Yadav once claiming that black money is by itself a huge parallel economy. So can anyone shed some light on this topic Also why isnt the government making any attempts to curb future black money If it is even possible to merge all that cash into our system wouldnt it change a lot of things . Heres why this former CEO of IT company is worried for young Indian engineers: [deleted]. India stocks surge on Modi reforms. IT sector to layoff up to 2 lakh engineers annually for next 3 years. Prannoy Roy Speaks To Arvind Subramanian On State Of The Economy. View Air India a much bigger defaulter than Mallya. Dump it make Indigo Indias national carrier [NP]. Absurd customs in India. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. AadhaarPAN linkage gets likes but data leak big overhang: [deleted]. Indian Premier Modi to attend economic forum in Russia. No country for old men How funds for old cows may outstrip that for senior citizens. Our Dark Indian History. Five instances of bullshit being printed in Indian textbooks. Prannoy Roy Speaks To Arvind Subramanian On State Of The Economy: [deleted]. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. Prannoy Roy Speaks To Arvind Subramanian On State Of The Economy: [deleted]. Indias doing well but Fitch would still not up its rating. Heres why: [deleted]. Revision in IIP showcases industrial growth at 5 in FY17. 5 ideas for my India: [deleted]. Rajasthan the Only State With a Cow Welfare Ministry Leaves Hingonia Gaushala Workers Unprotected The highly skewed cow to worker ratio in Jaipurs Hingonia Cow Rehabilitation Centre has exposed gau sevaks to several occupational hazards.. Hizbul Heads For Split After Top Commander Snubbed. I Quit He Says. Now each block to get generic med store. Govt considering winding up unsafe coal mines Piyush Goyal. Indias doing well but Fitch would still not up its rating. Heres why: [deleted]. India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for five years. India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for five years: [deleted]. Water drought in India and Syria. Indias doing well but Fitch would still not up its rating. Heres why: [deleted]. What steps is the government taking to control the population growth: Population is the direct or indirect reason for every major problem India is facing today. Yet Im not aware of any step the government has taken to control population growth in the country if at all. Id really appreciate if someone could provide a better insight.. Is feminism a societal issue or trend in India: [deleted]. India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for five years: [deleted]. The history of women subjugation in India. GST agony awaits record keepers. Companies will have to maintain an array of accounting and tax records. RBI Credit growth plunges to even lower than FY17 level to 4.3 per cent: [deleted]. indias gasoline boom stalls. Be Indian buy Indian After Make in India now its time for Buy in India Business Standard. China India plans for electric cars threaten to cut gasoline demand. Getting serious about corporate digital governance. IT job market crashes Nearly 2 lakh jobs at stake at Infosys Cognizant and others. So I lost my Aadhar card today and called their customer care to know the next step. Looks like service to the number is not available: Now repeat after me all is well. CEA Arvind Subramanian On State Of The Economy. Haryana districts inflating girl child stats finds audit. Road to Swadeshi PMO giving final touches to big Buy Indian policy. Daily Issuance of PAN Nearly Triples Post Demonetisation. Why Chandrababu Naidu is Andhras greatest salesman. USIndia Business Council presented him the Transformative Chief Minister award for his role in advancing USIndia partnership at state level.. Output growth jumps from 0.7 to 5 after IIP revamp Times of India. Railway line linking Kashmir with rest of India may become functional by 2021. Ease of getting power Indias rank up by 73 Times of India. One Man Transforming a Nation Narendra Modi. Indian PM Mr. Modi is personally fast tracking every project. And it is working: [deleted]. Taking Cognisance of the Deeply Flawed System That Is Aadhaar. Industrial output slips to 2.7 in March as against 5.5 a year ago as per the new base year 201112.. Ease of getting power Indias rank up by 73. Retail inflation in April drops to new record low of 2.99. India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for five years: [deleted]. Mustard set to be Indias first GM food gets regulator nod. Central Government notifies Exemption from Quoting Aadhaar / Enrolment ID to certain individuals. India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for five years: [deleted]. Proposed Labour Code Aims to Provide Social Security to All But at the Cost of Workers Voices. Triple Talaq Is Worst Undesirable Way To End Marriage Supreme Court. steel export India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for 5 years. sebi No capital gains load on genuine investments. China India plans for electric cars threaten to cut gasoline demand. Direct flight from Varanasi to Colombo from August says PM Modi at Buddhism summit in Colombo India News. Pink Slips Frighten Techies In India. India imposes antidumping duty on 47 steel products for five years: [deleted]. Indias food safety regulator wants higher tax on packaged food sweetened drinks. Indus OS Delta ID to Launch AadhaarAuthenticated Operating System. 7th Pay Commission Last date to resolve pay anomalies of government employees extended. Taxing People And Businesses The Right Way Niti Aayogs Plan To Reform Indias Tax Regime. Calm down. Theres no Rs 25 charge for every ATM transaction levied by SBI: [deleted]. NEET Students say question papers were different. India Passing Through Biggest Technological Revolution NITI Aayog CEO. One Spanking New Banking Ordinance To Solve it all. SBI ATM Withdrawal Charges Are NOT Hiked For All Users Myth Buster. India directs safe return of Odia labourers trapped in Saudi Arabia. Indias solar mission can cause new debt problems. Indian economy poses major challenges Chinese think tank warns Beijing. India France ties will continue to strengthen Prez to Macron. Silk Road plan stirs unease over Chinas strategic goals. India begins legalizing mica mining after child worker deaths expose. Bitcoin in India On the path to respectability ET CFO. AadhaarPAN linkage Income Tax department launches new facility. Techies outrage over IT layoffs on social media. Five judges hearing Triple Talaq plea from today belong to five different religions. Play with the Swachh Bharat rankings and make your city cleaner. Retail inflation seen easing in April on lower food prices. Arvind Panagariya Meets Yogi Adityanath To Prepare UP Blueprint. Economics of Defense: Jaitley is Indias defense minister and finance minister. He has been minister of commerce and minister of law. The BJP/RSS have dearth of experts to run the government that two important portfolio has been concentrated in the hands of Jaitley. Of course it is not true that the BJP/RSS lacks the competent people to run the government and they can be drawn from the vast cache of SCs and OBCs within the party but the RSS/BJP true to its constituency of Brahmins will like only Brahmins to head these posts. Parrikar a brahmin out Jailely a brahmin in. The politics of the RSS/BJP can be paraphrased on lincolnian lines for universal democracy Indias government is for the Brahmins of the brahmins and by the brahmins. And Jaitleys unique policy bend can be summarised in just one word incentivise. You pick up any debate on any issue of economics and now on defense he will only chant one mantras incentivise incentivise and incentivise. Can we run the government or anything just on the basis of incentives Are human beings or corporates or organised groups only motivated by the incentives Incentives are only one of the millions of factors that motivate the investors or private parties. The economic agents are not always rational and the behavioral economics has dig many holes in the conventional rational choice based economic models. Then why Jaitley stresses on only incentives In the absence of any value offer to the larger constituencies the only way the attract the investors is to show them the carrot of incentives. This has been the larger policy of the RSS/BJP model. They have been offering incentives to the businesses politicians from the other political parties and the foreign investors. This means that the entire strategy of the BJP/RSS is based on greed. You feed the greed of the people and keep your power in tact. That is why the whole new economic model is being created to show that India is gaining traction and that it is advancing in the next level of economic development. What the government needs is a will to uplift the citizens from the clutches of poverty. It needs a will to end the discrimination so much visible in Indian society with the coming of RSS/BJP to power. The RSS/BJP has been also offering incentives to the politicians from other countries. It almost rigged the postelections scene in Goa and Manipur when it lost the opposition parties but formed the government by horsetrading. What we need is a level playing field for all the people to come and invest in India. What we need is a diversity in businesses in India. What we need is an equal access to resources for all. What we need is a strong and heavy investment in the education so that citizens become vehicle of the development. The goal of the government is not to give incentives. The goal of the government is to create partnerships with all with a view promote more equitable society. Before we heavily arm ourselves heavily and aimlessly we need to really access Indias strategic geographical position and evaluate various combinations of partnerships. We have to find many ways to use Indias soft power to have an impact on the world. There is an example in the history of India when emperor Ashoka conquered the world with Buddhism. Perhaps that was the only time in the history of India that India yielded so much influence in the world. Even today the important countries of the world are indebted to India. With limited incentives we can attract investments by following the constitution and making India more democratic stable and peaceful country.. Car makers Maruti Hyundai and other car makers to invest heavily in factories to expand production in India The Economic Times. India is leading world to cleaner energy to fight Global Warming. Toll road users may soon be charged per kilometre. When It Comes to One Belt One Road Should We Fight or Learn From China. GST agony awaits record keepers. Companies will have to maintain an array of accounting and tax records: [deleted]. Indias economic growth may slow down says IMF. India beats China on list of Nepals top development partners. 2YearsofJanSuraksha Social Security Schemes for Economic Empowerment of Poor. 1.3 trillion housing boom set to be Indias next growth driver. Foodgrain output revised upwards to record 273.4 million tonnes. UDAN Airfares to be revised every three months. Indian solar power prices hit record low undercutting fossil fuels. Forex reserves hit all time high of 372.7 bln. SoftBank losses from Indian startups Snapdeal Ola at 1.4 billion. Centre Punjab Asked to Compensate Sikhs Detained Post Op Bluestar. What Make in India MoD penalises Tata Power for using indigenous parts. Journalist P Sainaths vision for India in 2047.. Data Dictionary Activities. How do people in developing countries spend their money. Network is the key. Bitumen imports jump as highway expansion drive picks up pace. The government lacks clarity on healthcare Its clumsy approach doesnt bode well for the cooperation with the private sector outlined in the recent National Health Policy. Indias economic growth may slow down says IMF: [deleted]. Indias economic growth may slow down says IMF. Government may understate demonetisation effect: [deleted]. Forex reserves hit all time high of 372.7 bln: [deleted]. FSSAI Seeks Higher Tax on Junk Food and Sweetened Drinks. From here to 20 trillion Indias economic growth strategy. Bounced cheques unpaid RTE fees free admissions bleeding pvt schools of funds. Some unanswered questions about Demonetisation done by Modi govt. AICTE to facilitate internships for students. FASTag must for vehicles manufactured after July 1 for toll collection. How India can counter Chinas OBOR One Belt One Road initiative. HC questions claims of RSS outfits prenatal workshop. UIDAI now allows you to verify anyones Aadhaar number. No one can build Aadhaar users profile UIDAI chief. Indus OS partners with US based Delta ID for iris based Aadhaar authentication. No plan to tax agricultural income rich farmers very rare Arun Jaitley. Depositors in EPF may continue to enjoy 8.65 interest in FY18 Labour Minister. Mahabachat Indian Great Indian Amazon Sale. Passenger vehicles sale up by 14.68 per cent to 277602 units in April. 1.3 Trillion Housing Boom Set to Be Indias Next Growth Driver. Fintech Tracker iSPIRT Wants To Build Credit Profiles Based On UPI And BHIM Transactions. Despite economic progress gender divide in Indias labour force remains stark. Gear up for supply chain disruption after GST implementation. Indias solar mission can cause new debt problems. India to grow at 7.7 per cent in 201819 IMF. All you Need to know about Amazon Great INDIAN Sale 2017 HotDealINDIA. With Aadhaar government shows it wants to push India down a dark hole. Now EPFO to make all payments to members electronically. Google Chairman Says H1B Visa Limit Is Stupidest In The Entire American Policy. Taxis to pay Rs 100 each time they enter Gurgaon Times of India. Airfarelike pricing for Mumbai local trains.. Indians Sixth Biggest Private Spenders on Health Among LowMiddle Income Nations. IAF Begins Brutal Rejig Of Purchase Priorities. Expect Blood.. NEET stumps students from Bengali medium Times of India. When Banks Come Calling Do You Have To Give Your Aadhar Number. Making sense of the recent flurry of Chinese offers on Kashmir. Blues and moos Indian state launches cow ambulance service NGO funds five ambulances in Uttar Pradesh state as growing zeal to safeguard cows has also resulted in rising violence. Revised FTP to be ready before GST rollout. 10th case of AADHAAR data leak reported. Bank account details of 57000 students made public by Maharashtra Govt.. Hotstar Net Neutrality should be in Internet providers license. Anyone know how I can get my address changed in my Aadhar card: I tried doing it online but for some reason that request did not work out. I was thinking of doing it in person but am unaware of how to do that. Please help.. operation clean money Operation Clean Money 2.0 PAN to be key in communication with depositors highvalue buyers. HRD ministry asks IITs to develop revenue model. Roads ministry in talks with Japanese fund for Rs2 trillion loan. Grievance redress and enforcement problems in the Aadhaar legal framework MediaNama: [deleted]. Letter from TN Labour Secretary on Right to Form Union of IT/ITEs Employees. Layoffs amp Employee Rights including IT/ITES Employees Senior Lawyer Balan Haridas. HEALTHCARE We need a pseudoscience like HOMEOPATHY to go from India. What can we do about it: Recently I came across a 2010 post of Mr. Abhimanyu Radhakrishnan on Why Promoting Homeopathy Is Unconstitutional. The article makes a bold claim promoting homeopathy is unconstitutional. This might sound absurd but it is not. Article 51A of the Constitution of India says the following regarding fundamental duties of every Indian gth to develop the scientific temper humanism and the spirit of inquiry and reform Scientific temper Spirit of inquiry Okaayyy Well how about the government stop promoting homeopathy That would be a start. There is no scientific proof that homeopathy is effective and yet the Indian Government still permits and promotes colleges and institutions that teach and promote homeopathy. In substance it is similar to setting up institutions to con people. I wonder whats next Why not set up colleges for con artists and charlatans If you are not aware of Homeopathy here is a bit of detail Google homeopathy and you will most probably see the Wikipedia page at the top of the search results. Wikipedia as usual has a lot to say about homeopathy. Unfortunately it does say nothing that a homeopathy doctor patient student or a supporter would like to hear. Wikipedia says the following about homeopathy homeopathy is a system of alternative medicine created in 1796 by Samuel Hahnemann it is based on the doctrine of like cures like similia similibus curentur a claim that a substance that causes the symptoms of a disease in healthy people would cure similar symptoms in sick people Homeopathy is a pseudoscience a belief that is incorrectly presented as scientific. Homeopathic preparations are not effective for treating any condition largescale studies have found homeopathy to be no more effective than a placebo suggesting that any positive feelings that follow treatment are only due to the placebo effect and normal recovery from illness. Homeopathy is not a plausible system of treatment as its dogmas about how drugs illness the human body liquids and solutions operate are contradicted by a wide range of discoveries across biology psychology physics and chemistry made in the two centuries since its invention. the World Health Organization has warned against using homeopathy to try to treat severe diseases such as HIV and malaria. The continued practice of homeopathy despite a lack of evidence of efficacy has led to it being characterized within the scientific and medical communities as nonsense quackery and a sham. And that is the main issue. We would not be able to stop this pseudoscience as long as lobbyists keep this on the governments tables. I wonder why not even Homeopaths see how absurd their claims of dilution are. Or maybe they do see it and are malevolent. Indian Government should ban homeopathy and should not promote it unless and until it gathers enough scientific proof and evidence that supports it. And that somehow is not happening. Homeopathy is not even pseudoscience. It is miraculous thinking. A dilution of 30C is as dilute as a molecule of the medicine in a solar system sized water bubble. That is absurd even the way it sounds and it is entirely legal in India. We are jeopardizing our health care by allowing these modernshamans have a go at curing sick people with cancer or any other ailment for that matter.. Dissent and Aadhaar. We have been numbed by a series of lies myths and fictions about the project.. Loan Waiver Is It A Solution: [deleted]. India must oppose surging protectionism. The Big Picture Aadhar amp Citizens Right Over Body. Disaster Awaits if Indias Power Sector Goes Coal All the Way Old02/04/17. Odisha clears nine investment proposals. Disability Activists Claim Niti Aayogs Action Agenda Is Inaccessible to the Visually Impaired. Unjust Reductions in Priority Schemes Must be Rolled Back or Clearly Explained. CBI unearths 393 shell companies used to divert Rs 2900 crore. Aravind Datar GST is the most terrible thing that will happen to the country. Indias 10step plan to transform its economy and quality of life by 2020. Its going to be a long time before India becomes a nation of shopaholics. GST agony awaits record keepers: [deleted]. Possible to meet general government debttoGDP target by 2023 Das. Its going to be a long time before India becomes a nation of shopaholics: [deleted]. Indias 10step plan to transform its economy and quality of life by 2020: [deleted]. Indias 10step plan to transform its economy and quality of life by 2020: [deleted]. Government set to refine regional air connectivity scheme UDAN. Government plans lower income tax slab free health checkups for women. Why India May Become An Economic Giant. Its going to be a long time before India becomes a nation of shopaholics: [deleted]. We all know this is coming right. Government plans lower IT slab free health checkups for women. Government starts multiple waterways transportation. Countrys first digitalised Panchayat ward in Kerala: [deleted]. Budget to eliminate TB slashed by Rs 4000 crore. An ordinance gives the RBI more powers to tackle Indias nonperforming assets crisis. Maharashtra govt promotes manufacturing of herbal liquor [Old] [March 2017]. Maharashtras earnamplearn ambassador begs to government for job after being completely paralysed. Chaiwalaturnedchartered accountant has been paralysed after an accident but his repeated pleas to the state govt for a job have fallen on deaf ears.. After 26 years Assam may lift AFSPA in some areas. Why India May Become An Economic Giant: [deleted]. Why India May Become An Economic Giant: [deleted]. Pay 500 cr in bitcoins or suffer bioterror: [deleted]. Maharashtra Farmer suicides rise 15 per cent to 235 in March. Gujarat Not first brush with pollution watchdog. Aadhaar will be mandatory for all Centre tells SC. From RTE To Scholarships Indian Education Is Hobbled By Minorityism. PM Narendra Modi Narendra Modis war on black money incomplete without taxing farm income The topic of agricultural taxation is neither new nor without merit and should not be dismissed as such.. Modi govt hands over release order of Rs 1263 crore to Yogi Adityanaths UP Venkaiah Naidu today hands over release order of Rs 1263 crore to Yogi Adityanath for different projects in the state.. What makes Mr Swatanter Kumar immune to media. ACCOUNTABILITY This is what is wrong with Indian bureaucracy and our Brown Lords.: If you are an Indian it would be an astronomically impossible odd that you didnt hear of how corrupt our bureaucracy is or how some babu or some bade sahab is corrupt and nothing more than a public disgrace. Thats Indian bureaucracy for you. The real problem with bureaucrats is not just about caste and reservation. It is about accountability and responsibility. The pay structure of our Bureaucracy is such that officers get little salaries and large perks and amenities in form of bungalows and servants. In many cases they occupy the same bungalows that the British left in 1947. And they do not do their job responsibly. Fair disclosure that I do understand and acknowledge the fact not all bureaucrats are corrupt. In fact we have exemplary civil servants that have served as an inspiration to us all. But this post is not about them those honest civil servants. This is about what is wrong with Indian bureaucracy. The problem is not about the political issue or power struggles but about an entire class of bureaucrats who are egoistic arrogant inhumane corrupt and muddled with skulduggery. Bureaucrats Bureaucracy and Bureaucratic Measures are now modern day derogatory overtones that express tyranny arrogance and debilitation in our countrys governance. Bureaucrats are in this day and age perceived as those with massive egos and false nationalist zealotry. They are in essence a rulebound bookkeepers who have I mentality when it comes to interpreting rules. They play favorites they are biased they stay vague so that they are not held accountable and they maintain chaos so that no one can see them cheat. From Outside Looking In Dont take my word for it. I am just an ordinary Indian citizen exercising my freedom of speech. Wouldnt it help if you could see our Indian bureaucracy from an outside view It is said that an unbiased opinion comes from the uninvolved. So lets do that. Lets see what others think of Indian bureaucracy. In October 2010 just after the conclusion of Commonwealth Games in India Eric Ellis wrote a post titled A most uncivil service on The Age where he talks about the Indian bureaucracy. Unfortunately he has nothing good to say. He writes the following gtThe Delhi games showed the world just what can be done when its daunting civil service takes control and the result wasnt pretty. Corruption waste inefficiency obfuscation and a cancerous lack of accountability in officialdom and all of it on an Olympian scale. gtDelhis dramas may have been revealing for observers who briefly touch India but sadly these are the common issues daily confronting and long bedeviling a billion Indians and the foreign investors urged to invest their money in business there. Some economists have calculated that Indias bureaucratic inefficiency costs the country 1 to 2 points in annual growth. gtIndias daunting civil service is supposed to be the pride of the nation just ask its privileged nabobs but instead its malfunction and misgovernance hold India back. Enter any average government office in India and one is struck by the mountains of yellowing paperwork years of filing and unfinished work ground down by the sheer scale of chaotic Indias myriad issues that overwhelm. Another account by Lant Pritchett of Harvard University sheds some brighter light on the Indian bureaucratic problem. In a paper in 2009 titled Is India a Failing State he described Indian bureaucracy to be one of the most serious problems in the world today up there with AIDS and climate change. He makes a point that foreign investments and any welfare schemes in India for that matter will never improve Indias economy as long as there is an inefficient Indian bureaucracy. These bureaucrats are like a tumorous growth that eat away any welfare funds like a parasite. In his book The Foundation Pillars for Change Our Nation Our Democracy amp Our Future Mr. V.K. Patel writes that most developmental spending fails to reach its intended recipients. It is either diverted or misused by a sizeable and a complacent bureaucracy. I corroborate to Mr. Patels description of bureaucracy. We need to take away these IASs comfortable life devoid of any accountability for their country. Take away their big bungalows their VIP status their guards their peons their orderlies and hook them up to a system where they are rewarded for their good acts and punished for their bad deeds. Unless and until such an overhaul happens India is not going to be a great country. No welfare policies will ever come to fruition. India cannot change without a change in our bureaucratic system. This is what is wrong with the Indian bureaucracy.. Ordinance RBIs Powers Bad Loans BQ Explains[P]. Supreme Test Aadhaarrelated cases could tell us whether our jurisprudence is fit for an age of technology. PM Modi Announces Incentive Of Rs 10 On Every Referral Of BHIM App. UN Human Right Review Where Countries Questioned Indias Human Rights Record. OPTIMISM Indian cities will not become unlivable despite increasing population and pollution presently.: I was posed with this question recently and realized that I am rather optimistic for our country India. We have not been a very optimistic case historically but that is changing. I do not think that the longterm future of our cities involves pollution. The population might remain to be a problem for some time but that is when the tier 2 cities will step in. Indian cities are not really in a good shape at the moment. While Indian tier 2 cities are the new economic hubs in the developed world ours are still far behind is amenities and planning. But they are going to catch up. The current coalbased power generation huge air pollution largescale water pollution and the like are making us look like a wreck of a country with largescale smogs respiratory diseases we top the world in lung disease deaths and deaths due to diarrhea who has even heard of death due to upset stomach in the western countries. But this is rapidly changing. Historically poverty population and pollution have given us low life expectancy and large families in India. But that is changing rapidly. Here is a very good Ted talk by the Swedish physician and academic Hans Rosling that gives you a clear idea of how India and other third world countries have moved from large families and low life expectancy to small families and longer life expectancy https//youtu.be/hVimVzgtD6wt2m20s As you can see we are moving into a very good space and this growth is only accelerating. We as a developing country are better positioned to quickly adopt changes than many others. And our strong strong government can force development down on our humble selves if needed. Our government with its recent demonetization and Aadhaar imposition without much of a hitch shows that it can force us to do things like China did and still does. But that is not necessarily bad. Niti Aayog has announced that India is moving to an all electric car fleet by 2030. Now imagine the scale of this announcement. In a mere 13 years from now we are planning to replace all combustion engine cars with electric cars. An entire retail petroleum industry depends on it. And we do not even have a world class research in electric vehicles. But this is the exact same timeline as that of Germany who wants to put an end to combustion vehicles by 2030. And they have companies like Mercedes Audi BMW working hard at it and all required technological prowess in renewable energy development. We do not have an automotive research and development anywhere close to that but we have similar time frames. Our government is fully capable of making rapid changes and forcing upon us. We are not going to stay poor forever. As we move to become the third largest economy by 2030 our healthcare and infrastructure will have to keep up. We wouldnt be able to attract foreign investments if we retain our image of a poor country without a conducive atmosphere to conduct business. That in itself is an optimistic sign. Let us keep up the good work.. For India the best Foreign Policy is 10 Economic Growth CEA Arvind Subramanian: [removed]. The worlds fastest growing Aviation markets. Source https//qz.com/976635/chinabeatsindiatobecometheworldsfastestgrowingaviationmarketthankstodemonetisation/. The Big Picture Should regulators in higher education be done away with. 56000 high school teachers in Kerala to get IT training. GSLV South Asia satellite launch successful. Dont Make Aadhaar An Excuse To Invade Personal Space. Rs.1.4 trillion worth of investments abandoned/stalled in April: [deleted]. Govt looks to pump Rs 30k Crore in LPG production: [deleted]. In the fastestgrowing smartphone market the Nokia dumb phone remains relevant as a vibrator: [deleted]. Aadhaar. Leftled Kerala Govt. will be first in country to provide insurance free medical treatment for migrant workers. At Deaths Door Part 1 Sentenced to Appeal for Life. When the UIDAI Leaks Aadhaar numbers MediaNama. Realty act prescribes 10 interest for delay in delivery of homes Times of India. SAP offers ASP for GST India. Real estate projects that fail to register by July 31 will become unauthorised. Why are so many houses vacant. India plans nofly list of unruly passengers aviation secretary. India has to catch a train that left 25 years ago. India has to catch a train that left 25 years ago: [deleted]. New NoFly Rules Government Sets 3 Levels Of Unruly Behaviour. Push for NPA resolution RBI to get more powers oversight panels may target top defaulters. Rajasthan passes bills hiking salaries of CM MLAs pension of exMLAs. Former chief ministers shall get for the remainder of their lives a government residence a car that members of his family can also use a telephone and a staff of 10 including a driver.: [deleted]. Haryana ministers gift themselves 20 pay hike. As per the amendment the salaries of the ministers have been increased from Rs 50000 to Rs 60000 per month and the office allowance from Rs 2000 to Rs 20000 per month.. Crafting A Strategic Policy In The Era Of Chinese Dominance. RBI faces conflict of interest questions on powers after banking ordinance: [deleted]. Aadhaar is like having built a bridge and looking for a river. It is hunting for problems to make itself relevant senior advocate Arvind Datar tells the Supreme Court.. Rescued Bangladeshi sex worker in India tweets to PM Modi over banned rupees. The Paradox of Indias Vacant Houses. Odisha capital Rourkela among fastest moving cities in Swachh Survekshan. Watch Indians awaiting clarity on digital currency regulations Zebpay Video on Moneycontrol Online. India Is Going To Get Roasted At The UN And Nothing Really Matters: [Reference link]http//www.alternet.org/world/indiaaboutbegrilleditshumanrightsrecord112countriesunreview. [Rant] Universal Periodic Review. Three and a half hours of accountability to every nation on earth every four years. A right of passage that every country in the United Nations goes through. The idea at first filled me with hope for the world followed by a nice slowly descending wave of despair. Mukul Rohatgi the guy defending India is the same person who recently said the absolute right over ones body is a myth. I take it this is the UNs version of a roast. There will be some firm recommendations made about Indias stance on LGBT rights AFSPA gender violence and the general climate. But why would India listen You can get good political mileage these days by crushing LGBT rights and whatabouting gender/caste/tribal violence. Its amazing what people will stand behind and defend these days. Theres not much to be lost by looking bad in the UN for a few hours. What even are the consequences for a noncomplying member state https//documentsddsny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/GEN/G13/127/14/PDF/G1312714.pdfOpenElement Key words regret call upon request and another request. Nothing of real consequence. If youre watching this from India feeling afraid at the way things are going perhaps you will feel a moments vindication when Saudi Arabia or Switzerland raise questions about Indias history of torture each of them will have 90 seconds to post their query. I wonder if the cops torturing people at police stations will be watching it live on TV. Or perhaps there will be an IPL match going on. Or Comedy Nights With Kapil the torture method. Of course we can always stand by the line that things have always been this way. Liberal conservative independent colonial whatever the government youre never really seriously thinking about having human rights are you [/Rant]. TIL We can keep track of the governments efforts to electrify villages at DDUGJY Website or mobile app.. ELI5 What is GST: Why is it so important Does the current government want it or is it against the GST Do other countries also have a such a thing. Indore Ranked as Clean City of India. Ordinance empowers Reserve Bank of India to act against top loan defaulters. Rumours hit immunisation programme in Muslimdominated Mewat. The immunisation rate in Mewat is 13 per cent much lower than the state average of 62.2 per cent according to the National Family Health Survey.. World Immunisation Week 3.2 million children in India arent vaccinated says WHO. 18.3 lakh Indian children die before their fifth birthday.. Power ministers suggestion to states Link electricity connection with Aadhaar bank account The Indian Express. NITI Aayog for less teaching more research. Is lack of development driving the Kashmir conflict. Mumbai trains claim more lives than terror attacks in country. Human Rights Training Low Priority In Police Departments Indian NHRC To UN. The NHRC has noted that Indias high number of judicial vacancies are often blamed for the slow legal process but it had observed that neither the judiciary nor the legislature seem keen on judicial reforms: [deleted]. Swachh Survekshan Survey 2017 Indore is Indias cleanest city Gujarat is cleanest state with 12 of top 50 cities. Block child sexual abuse content by July 31 Govt to internet service providers. The directive comes on the recommendation of an interministerial panel constituted to brainstorm solutions to address the issue of child sexual abuse material following a Supreme Court order.. Aadhaar Are a billion identities at risk on Indias biometric database BBC News. TAX and Pricing Procedure Configuration for GST. Aadhaar Act The digital rights of Indians are at the mercy of an act that is incomplete. Maharashtra Simply treating farmers as criminals will not help save tigers outside PAs. Netflixs new gay love story had to be shot in secret for fear of breaking Indian law. Bahubali 2 movie tickets at Rs 200 remains a dream in Karnataka as CMs promise hits wall. Cabinet clears ordinance to tackle Rs9.64 trillion bad loans at Indias banks. Extreme Depravity Man Who Raped Killed 4YearOld Will Hang Says Court: [deleted]. Ordinance empowers Reserve Bank of India to act against top loan defaulters. To crack down on loan defaulters Govt clears new ordinance. [NP] Tamil Nadu Leading manufacturer Kia Motors pulls out of state due to corruption. Black Money crackdown PM Narendra Modis next big crackdown against tax evaders in offing may change benami law too. Aadhaar Card Information Including Bank Account Details Of 13 Crore Indians Leaked CIS Report. Asbestos harms the health of millions of Indian workers. Will the government finally move to ban it.  770 bn black money entered India between 2005 to 2014 Report. The India Trilateral Forum 12 Shashi Tharoor in conversation with Samir Saran. Fitch keeps Indias ratings at BBB unchanged for 11 years. India admits it will miss coal emissions targets. Indias 10step plan to transform its economy and quality of life by 2020: [deleted]. Indias Government Will Soon Loosen Purse Strings Deutsche Bank. Justice Karnan issues nonbailable warrants against 7 Supreme Court judges. USD 770 billion in black money entered India in 20052014 Report. Uttar Pradesh Ambulance service launched exclusively for cows. [NP]. Last two years of NDA governments fiveyear term Modi is about to embark on a spending spree says Deutsche Bank. What are legal ways of having a NonCooperation movement today: Had a discussion with a few friends and we were talking about legal ways of sticking it to the Man in light of growing measures that attempt to curtail personal freedom and privacy by the Gormint. Elections seem silly as BJP seems to be having an unhindered march and the rural folk are more concerned with economic growth one way or the other and thats perfectly fine. But growth that comes at the cost of individual rights is no growth for the State reigns supreme at the end of the day. So what ways of expressing our displeasure do we have It could be as simple as using cash all the time. What do you guys suggest. India admits it will miss coal emissions targets: [deleted]. Fitch keeps Indias ratings at BBB unchanged for 11 years: [deleted]. Indias 10step plan to transform its economy and quality of life by 2020: [deleted]. AAP govt project of CCTV cameras in Delhi buses gathers dust funds slashed. Government planning one nation one market in agriculture sector. Aadhaar mandatory Citizens dont have absolute right on their body privacy argument bogus govt tells SC: [deleted]. Beacon banned VIPs go to town with sirens. Government to award contracts for 55K km of highways in 2 years. All movie tickets with the exception of gold class and IMAX capped at 200 in Bangalore with immediate effect.. Govt to launch new IIP series with 201112 base year on 9 May. Citizens dont have absolute right over their bodies Government Times of India. Aadhaar Case Right Over Your Body Not Absolute Government Argues In Supreme Court. Madhya Pradesh First Indian State To Adopt JanuaryDecember Fiscal Format. Railways to invite bids for manufacturing modern coaches. Madhya Pradesh decides to change to JanuaryDecember fiscal year. Karnataka government caps movie ticket prices at Rs 200. Government planning one nation one market in agriculture sector: [deleted]. FATCA You need to file your FATCA compliance to banks by April 30 to avoid an account freeze. Centre defends Aadhaar in SC says its mandatory to avoid fake PAN cards: [deleted]. Centre defends Aadhaar in SC says its mandatory to avoid fake PAN cards. Rohatgi told the top court that of the 113.7 crore Aadhaar cards issued till date the government has not found a single case of duplicity.: [deleted]. The Madhya Pradesh Agriculture Revolution A Story Worth Emulating. Beacon banned VIPs go to town with sirens: [deleted]. Fitch keeps Indias sovereign rating unchanged at BBB. India Added Twice As Much Renewables Capacity As Coal Capacity In 201617. Centre steps in to regulate bad content on TV radio. [P] India to clock 7.1 GDP this year 7.5 in 2018 UN. Sebi plans to give up powers to regulate ponzi schemes. Infosys plans to hire 10000 U.S. workers after Trump targets outsourcing firms. Indian factory activity expands for fourth month in April PMI. Impact of GST on SAP CRM Sales and Service Standalone Projects. Politics of farm loan waivers and how its increasing agricultural distress. Railways to invite bids for manufacturing modern coaches. How to port a health insurance policy. Aadhaar to be soon compulsory for filings under Companies Act: [deleted]. Haryana is making babies enrol in Aadhaar before it will issue them birth certificates: [deleted]. Its time to privatize banks. Railways to invite bids for manufacturing modern coaches: [deleted]. Just a little more risktaking could increase the emerging affluent Indians savings by nearly 50. Beacon banned VIPs go to town with sirens: [deleted]. Four years after ban acid sales in free flow under Supreme Courts nose: [deleted]. Sagarmala programme India to train 1.3 million people across 21 coastal districts. Companies not filing returns under lens Revenue Secretary. Why is Delhi polluted: Dear CM ji Aap ne kya kiya other than proposing installations of air filters arbitrary Odd Even policies and letting National Green Tribunal to do your dirty work Some articles to put in perspective where and how our governments dropped the ball. https//thewire.in/97529/delhipollution1997buses/ http//www.businesstoday.in/sectors/auto/lakhsofvehiclesindelhifloutingvehicularemissionnormsepca/story/251152.html Edits For ones curious and patient enough to check out credible sources please read the report http//delhi.gov.in/DoIT/Environment/PDFs/FinalReport.pdf. Four years after ban acid sales in free flow under Supreme Courts nose: [deleted]. [NP] Govt departments submit plans to meet digital transaction goal. Law to ensure tax compliance FM: [deleted]. WhatsApp has turned being a school mom into a relentless 24/7 activity: [deleted]. Where is the justification for the tax we pay on petrol [Indians pay around 4050 rupees tax per litre of petrol]. Just a little more risktaking could increase the emerging affluent Indians savings by nearly 50: [deleted]. Govt. eyes 2 mn. jobs in mobile phone units: [deleted]. Companies not filing returns under lens Revenue Secretary: [deleted]. 130 Million Aadhaar Numbers Made Public Says New Report. Aadhaar amp other data of 130 million Indians leaked by 4 Govt websites Report by CIS: Centre for Internet and Society just released a report titled [Information Security Practices of Aadhaar \or lack thereof\]http//cisindia.org/internetgovernance/informationsecuritypracticesofaadhaarorlackthereofadocumentationofpublicavailabilityofaadhaarnumberswithsensitivepersonalfinancialinformation1 A documentation of public availability of Aadhaar Numbers with sensitive personal financial information. The report claims that data of 130 million Indians including their bank details Aadhaar numbers amp other demographic information is publicly available and can be easily accessed. This leak is happening primarily on 4 websites A. National Social Assistance Programme Ministry of Rural Development Govt. of India B. National Rural Employment Guarantee Act NREGA Ministry of Rural Development Govt. of India C. Daily Online Payment Reports under NREGA Govt. of Andhra Pradesh D. Chandranna Bima Scheme Government of Andhra Pradesh This is the largest documented leak till now but there have been more previously. Heres a report by Medianama which is keeping a track of these http//www.medianama.com/2017/04/223aadhaarleaksdatabase/. [2009] When will the BrahminBania hegemony end. Karnataka Government Will Take Up Demands For Unions In Information Technology Sector Minister. Daimler Volvo making India an export hub for its heavy vehicles. New Draft Bill Criminalises Trafficking Puts Onus on Traffickers to Prove Innocence. Cronyism Is Preventing Indias Transportation Sector from Growing. Turkeys Erdogan speaks of dear friend Nawaz Sharif and resolving Kashmir just before meeting Narendra Modi: [deleted]. Outsource govt services bring in private sector talent Niti Aayog: [deleted]. If India Meets Renewables Target No Additional Coal Power Needed Till 2027. Justice Karnan Vs CJILed Bench The Gripping Courtroom Exchange. Indias outsized coal plans would wipe out Paris climate goals. 13 states notify Real Estate Act as it comes into force today. Cadre Shortages in India: https//pbs.twimg.com/media/CuL4osWsAAhBws.jpglarge Great figure and puts in perspective how much shortage we have in IAS IPS and Indian Forest Services. Source Ministry of personnel public grievances and pensions. Bill Gates India Is Winning Its War on Human Waste. Transform Maharashtra NGO to be feted for plan to use tech in courts. Real estate Act will come into force today. Mandatory Aadhaar in tax returns problem or solution: [deleted]. 2.3 million pregnant women in Rajasthan missing between 2011 and 2016. 9 percentage points of Underreporting of GenderBased Violence in Kerala World Bank Study: New World bank report / paper conducted a randomized control trial/ experiment to find out about the under reporting of crime. The results are somewhat shocking. Also it seems that education isnt all that helpful in fighting for your rights Pasting some parts of the abstract. Urban households especially poor urban households tend to have higher levels of incidence of domestic violence. Further women and those who are professionally educated tend to underreport more than others. Underreporting is also higher among the youngest and oldest age cohorts. For physical harassment on public/private buses rural population especially the rural nonpoor and urban femalestend to underreport compared with the rural poor and urban males. As I write this I wonder if a largely developed state like Kerala has under reported crime how bad is it in other parts of the countries. If anybody wants to read the complete report http//documents.worldbank.org/curated/en/233811493218846386/pdf/WPS8044.pdf. Why Maharashtras farm distress is marketdriven. The Devendra Fadnavis governments failure to buy farm produce at minimum support price MSP has pushed farmers to ask for farm loan waivers.. India too must legalise medical marijuana Experts. Shift from petroleum to electric vehicles.: I might have missed something but Im surprised not to have seen this blown up yet. Piyush Goyal the power minister recently made the claim that india aims to stop the sale of petrol/diesel vehicles by 2030 throughout the country. http//auto.ndtv.com/news/indiaaimstoendthesaleofpetrolanddieselcarsby20301687721 Whilst this may be a bit too optimistic in my honest opinion since we simply dont have the infrastructure for such a massive change I find its admirable to set such a goal no doubt motivated by policies recently implemented in Norway and Germany. Even if this is achieved by 2050 instead of 2030 itll be an achievement in itself. The next step will be to slowly reduce the production of coal powered electricity and make use of renewables/nuclear as much as possible. Was just looking to discuss this further. What do you guys think. FDI inflows cross 56 bn. in 201617. How can India become a Superpower Simple things that matter Part II. Pak Outlawed Triple Talaq. Why Cant Indian Muslims See the Point Rita Joshi. Real Estate Regulation Act comes into force tomorrow only 13 states notify rules. We have to literally eat dust Cloud of discontent in Goa village as mining picks up pace: [deleted]. If India Meets Renewables Target No Additional Coal Power Needed Till 2027: [deleted]. Indias Energy Landscape Is Rapidly Changing. Madhya Pradesh Is No Longer A BIMARU State Thanks To Shivraj Singh Chouhans Agriculture Revolution: [deleted]. FDI inflows cross 56 bn. in 201617: [deleted]. India eyes allelectric car fleet by 2030. Approved. Suresh Prabhu Clears Rail Project In This State In 3 Minutes. Nitin Gadkari to pour tea into cup driving at 150 kmph to assess quality of Rs 10000 cr Expressway Report. India Plans To Eliminate Sale Of Petrol Diesel Vehicles By 2030. Heres How. South Korea storms into Indias defence manufacturing with contracts worth 2.3 billion. Walmart signs pact to set up 10 wholesale stores in Telangana. ChinaPak corridor Scholar says stop project to sort out differences with India. Clean Notes Policy RBI directs banks not to turn away soiled notes. India goes for eride eyes allelectric car fleet by 2030: [deleted]. NEET Medical entrance server was hacked two held say cops. Kerala villages went from being 0 open defecation free in 201516 to 100 open defecation free now [click on the 2nd link in the sidebar]: [deleted]. Banks cant refuse scribbled notes says RBI: [deleted]. Is the data on Swachh Bharat Mission Gramin reliable [2nd link in the sidebar] Kerala villages went from 0 to 100 open defecation free in one year Gujarat 18 gt 82 Haryana 17 gt 99 Uttarakhand 8 gt 88 Chhattisgarh 10 gt 65....everything in one year.: [deleted]. Sensex Which stocks to buy in Modis next two years Narasimha Rao Atal Bihari Vajpayee offer cues. 40000 erroneous payments in Aadhaarlinked subsidy disbursal in Karnataka. Indias richest 1 own 53 of nations wealth UN report. India needs a security and privacy law Nandan Nilekani former chairman UIDAI. When we say its voluntary it means compulsory. Please do not allow the government to canvas a Humpty Dumpty interpretation on Aadhaar says Shyam Divan in the SC. Citing financial crunch some private schools shut down. Iran offers India to run phase one of Chabahar Port. Press Release Aadhaars Compelled free consent is a contradiction in terms. Nitin Gadkari Describes His First Day Without A Lal Batti. Bihar other BIMARU states fare better than Gujarat in immunisation rate. The demolished Hall of Nations was a terrific example of a young countrys Make in India spirit. India likely to overtake Germany to become worlds fourth largest economy in 2022. GST to push Indian growth to over 8 IMF. Towards The Stealth Privatisation Of Indian Banking. India likely to overtake Germany to become worlds fourth largest economy in 2022: [deleted]. south Indian Drought People of Karnataka have no water and Mass Migration our of state for the Work.. Wipro Fires 600 Employees in India Are H1B Visa Restrictions to Blame. Trump manages to do what Xi and Modi couldnt Sever link between the stock markets of China and India. Make in India India in advanced stages of formulating defence manufacturing policy Arun Jaitley. Indias polity has shifted from hope to fear and PM Modi knows it. If Rajan exits so will billions in investment[old]. Yettinahole project is unscientific and wont have expected results Biologist [Nov 2016]. Kerala Malayalam to be official language. India export subsidies may have to be phased out soon. Indias medieval counterinsurgency. World Immunisation Week Gujarat holds Indias worst record for number of vaccinated children. While Gujarats current immunisation rate is up 11.5 from the previous decade it is now 11.6 percentage points below the national average of 62.. GST to push Indian growth to over eight per cent IMF. A reason to pause in Sukma. Jio row pushes TRAI to mull Dos and Donts for new telcos freebies during trial may be banned. India on Track to Knock Britain Out of Worlds Top 5 Economies. Land acquisition green issues hurdles for rail infra dev in Odisha. Smart City Bhubaneswar wins top US award for planning. AadhaarPAN linking a Faustian bargain. [NP] PAN will not be invalidated retrospectively for not linking with Aadhaar govt tells SC. Aadhaar case An imaginary appeal to the Supreme Court as it decides how we live laugh and die. Press Release The Constitution is not a Charter of Servitude argues advocate Shyam Divan. Now Incorporating A Company Is Just A One Day Process. Air Travel To Be More Affordable With Airfare Capping By The Government. SC to govt Theres no justification for delaying Lokpal Lokayukta appointments: [deleted]. Day 2 Aadhar Hearing Number tagging used to happen in Nazi concentration camps Bar ampamp Bench. case study on indian poverty in 2017. Give us your religion caste Aadhaar HRD to all college teachers. The false narrative of teacher absenteeism. Delay In AntiCorruption Lokpal Not Justified Supreme Court Tells Centre. SEBI Enables Mutual Fund Industry To Be More Digitally Savvy. Divert Funds From IITs to State Universities. GOI removed the service tax exemption from educational institutes making education more expensive.. India Is Winning Its War on Human Waste. Indias Energy Landscape Is Rapidly Changing. Why Conservationists Are Very Worried About Gujarat Tourisms Come Race With Ad. The act is quite likely to put you behind bars.. Indias Rs 2500 an hour aam aadmi flight takes off tomorrow. The Economics and Future of Ecommerce Fraud in India: [deleted]. Supreme Court to government on Aadhaar How can you make it compulsory: [deleted]. Govt websites leak Aadhaar data of lakhs of people. Is Aadhaar really secure: [deleted]. Indian consumers feel most secure shopping online in APAC: [deleted]. Vir Sanghvi Talks To Nandan Nilekani On Aadhaar: [deleted]. Supreme Court to continue hearing on Aadhaar tomorrow. Centre cautions states against leak of Aadhaar data on portals. Challenge against linking Aadhaar with PAN Hearing will continue tomorrow. State governments driving fiscal expansion in India: [deleted]. How are state governments spending on education health and irrigation: [deleted]. How India Is Winning Its War on Human Waste. Enough is enough. Government needs to crush Maoists ruthlessly. Make in India Why it should be about success of local firms and not just manufacturing goods: [deleted]. Challenge Against Linking Aadhaar With PAN Hearing Progressing In SC. Kempu Hole goes dry Environmentalists who visited Shiradi Ghat recently were shocked to see the Netravati tributary devoid of water a rare occurrence. Sensex hits record high rupee at 20month high. No uturns no side entry 20000 km of highways will go highspeed soon. FM The Central Government has no plan to impose any tax on agriculture income. AADHAAR Benefits of Aadhaar are real but so are fears of biometric theft. Heres why: [deleted]. Modi better than Trump India will outperform US over 510 years Marc Faber. Imported smartphones may get costlier by 510 as govt plans to levy customs duty. GST will not bring major hike in tax burden Official ET Auto. Cabinet clears EC proposal to buy VVPAT machines that leave paper trail of votes. Election Commission will now spend Rs3173 crore to buy 1615000 VVPAT machines which leave a paper trail of votes. H1B visa India has strong case Nirmala Sitharaman should match Trump rhetoric with political chutzpah. Sensex Sensex scales record high hits 30K Nifty50 holds above 9300. Rupee breaches 64mark against dollar in early trade [NP]. Coal Scam CBI Files Case Against Its Former Director Ranjit Sinha. Etihad airways to collaborate with Maharashtra government for economic growth. Government makes geolocation of tangible assets mandatory for firms. SC to hear plea challenging Centres move to make Aadhaar mandatory for IT returns today. Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia conducts surprise inspection at a Delhi Government School. Aadhaar And The Supreme Courts Sense Of Urgency. Narendra Modi govts coronary stents policy is Indira Gandhistyle statist meddling. Bill Gates tweets about a Modis scheme Indian Prime Minister narendramodi put a spotlight on a subject that most of us would rather not even think about: Heres his [tweet]https//twitter.com/BillGates/status/856925040641757184. He tweeted about Narender Modis open defecation free campaign. The data in his chart shows the progress made by him in last 3 years vs congress 60 years. True gold mine for Modi supporters. I think if he effectively pulls a few things off like swachh bharat campaign open defecation free villages UCC or abolition of triple talaq and 100 villages electrified by 2018 that will be enough for him for 2019 elections. Its not necessarily an outstanding performance by him but he choose his battles wisely. Hes a master communicator and choose only highly noisy areas where effects can be directly communicated to people with ease in 2019.. When A Bank Comes Calling Do You Have To Give Your Aadhaar Number: [deleted]. Farmers should pay income tax says NITI Aayog. GST GST to rate taxpayers businesses on payment record make ratings public: [deleted]. Supreme Court clears Yogi Adityanaths plan of recruiting police personnel in UP. Ikea plans to double product sourcing from India by 2020. Govt aims to end APMC monopoly with new model agricultural law. Oil firms sell petrol at Rs 29 litre government adds another Rs 48 in taxes. Oil firms sell petrol at Rs 29 litre government adds another Rs 48 in taxes. A strategic encirclement. What happened to the EVM challenge by the Election Commission: A few days ago there were reports on the EC calling for an [EVM challenge]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/comeproveevmscanbetamperedwithecchallengessceptics/articleshow/58156256.cms. There were many news articles on the same. [Try and hack our EVMs Election Commission to throw challenge in May first week]http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/electioncommissionsopenchallengeforpeopletohackevmstobeheldinmay/story0XfFypHLm4VaAH78vwwe7M.html gt From the first week of May experts scientists technocrats can come for a week or 10 days and try to hack the machines an official source said. [Show EVMs can be hacked EC throws open challenge]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/ecissuesopenchallengetohackevms/article17954709.ece [Come try hack our EVMs EC challenge to parties experts]http//www.livemint.com/Politics/XubYLoGpodANzK2Gb3POjJ/ECissuesopenchallengetopeopletohackEVMs.html gt From first week of May experts scientists technocrats can come for a week or 10 days and try tohack the machines said people in the EC familiar with the development. They said the challenge will be open for a week or 10 days. [Hack an EVM challenge Election Commission dares anyone to tamper voting device successfully]http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/hackevmelectioncommissionthrowsopenchallenge/1/927400.html [Election Commission Challenges People to Hack EVMs]https//thewire.in/123605/electioncommissionchallengespeopletohackevms/ gt From the first week of May experts scientists technocrats can come for a week or ten days and try to hack the machines an official source said. Unfortunately I can not see anything on the EC website both under [Current Issues]http//eci.nic.in/ecimain1/index.aspx and [Press Releases]http//eci.nic.in/ecimain1/pressrelease2017.aspx. All the news articles say it would start in 1st week of May but if that is the case it is already too late for an announcement.. AadhaarLeaks A list of Aadhaar data leaks. A response to Nandan Nilekanis new claims. Major action on H1B visa would worry India Arvind Subramanian. AadhaarLeaks A list of Aadhaar data leaks. India worlds fifth largest military spender 7 weapon systems govt is buying to scale up its defence. The Daily Fix Why the Supreme Court needs to decide on Aadhaar petitions urgently. Indias GST challenge makes Donald Trumps tax overhaul look easy. Indias foodwaterenergy nexus disaster or opportunity. Modi government plans major policy push to promote evehicles Times of India. Govt departments breach Aadhaar Act leak details of beneficiaries. India to overtake U.S. as secondlargest steel consumer on Modis manufacturing push. NITI Aayogs 3 Year201718 201920 Action Plan The presentation used by Arvind Panghariya. Overuse of groundwater for irrigation is leading India to disaster. Heres what India needs to do. How many IAS officers does India actually need. Over to Supreme Court. [AskIndia] Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana PMSBY goals implementation cost and performance against both NP: Does anyone know any good secondary sources news articles lit reviews for the status of the PMSBY insurance scheme rolled out in 2015. The MSM seems to be silent on attainment of goals or overages on implementation costs or really any sort of reporting on the progress of this scheme. The only articles I see are the ones talking about how it may be a nonstarter. Any reading would be really interesting as a universalized healthcare system which was proposed will be an incredible achievement in a country with our population burden. Also lets keep this NP please.. Fire in fields Punjab farmers blame sagging power lines dismiss meagre relief. India to grow over 3fold to 7.25 trillion by 2030 NITI Aayog. Why Aadhaar cannot deliver anything it promises The Catalysts by Anupam Saraph ETtech. Trumps H1B tweaks to Aussie visa Indias middle class must reinvent itself again. Aadhaar for cattle Each cow progency should get Unique Identification Number Centre tells SC: [deleted]. UIDAI books 8 websites for illegally collecting Aadhaar data report. Aadhar to get Iris authentication soon. Aadhar card Registration for newborns starts in two state hospitals. Focus on 05yrolds baby details to be linked with parents. Now cows in India to get Aadharlike unique identification numbers. India should focus more on economic development Chinese media. Railways eyes Rs 10000 crore revenue boost via 2 lakh screens at stations. Aadhaar detail leak in Jharkhand sign of deep cyber security flaws Experts. How bad loans are holding back Indias economic growth. Centre mulls nodal body for transport: [deleted]. India US and Japan plan major joint naval exercise in July in the Bay of Bengal: [deleted]. India to strengthen defence along China border build ALGs in Arunachal Pradesh: [deleted]. Niti Aayog draws up 15year roadmap Five major ideas implemented so far. Railway station where PM Narendra Modi sold tea gets Rs 8 crore for facelift. NITI Aayog Threeyear action agenda presented for nations development. India South Korea sign agreement to build warships. WiFi for freeat all Central universities. US accuses Infosys and TCS of cheating in H1B lottery to unfairly corner lions share of visas. Think Pragati. An amazing online magazine that provides commentary on current affairs and public policy.. Child height and living standards Indian migrants in England. Consumer forum tells theatres to provide free drinking water. Karnataka How Karnataka is transforming states humble and traditional food into an urban delight. By 2023 Gurugram to Delhis ISBT in 30 minutes. How GST will reshape the Indian startup industry: [deleted]. Doctors to prescibe generic drugs only or face action MCI. India Reservoirs status By State. GST to boost GDP by 4.2 or Rs 6.5 lakh crore Fed Paper The Economic Times. National Green Tribunal Orders Immediate Closure Of Industries Near Bengaluru Lake. Mumbaikars now pay highest price for petrol in country. How bad corporate debts are holding back Indias growth. 70 of Indias small midsized firms yet to start GST preparations. Raghuram Rajan Warns Of Policy Uncertainty For World Economy. Inadequate Pensions Leave Indias Elderly No Choice But To Work: [deleted]. After Mars ISRO turns eye on Venus. Mistaking symbolism for service For Swachh Bharat Abhiyan to become successful the recognition that civic cleanliness matters needs to translate into a citizens movement. Ola to raise 100 million to fuel expansion. India formulating policy to help global defence firms to set up JVs Jaitley in US. Railways expansion must for Indias growth Suresh Prabhu. Solar rooftops Govt removes duties amid tepid response. Its time to reform the RTE Act. Why are the laws in India made to harass An example of why cash is not always bad and that curtailing the use of cash will and is backfiring: My father wants to pay all taxes from business earning and probably pays more in taxes than he should yes I am not lying and yet he is so afraid that the IT officers will come and harass him. We buy handloom and resell them and we have to purchase all with cash. Now under 40A3 there is a rule 6DD that provides for exception to the 10K cash payment limit in many cases which includes paying for handloom produce when the person receiving payment is the producer. Now mostly the persons we buy from are the producers but we cannot prove it since the folks we buy from keep changing and tracking them down from the villages is impossible and we buy from 4050 folks and hence the fear is that the IT officers can raid us and say that you made illegal cash payments and in that case to get out of mess we will have to bribe them and also pay a huge amount of tax equal to 30 of all cash payments in excess of 10K. Now this rule is not new but the limit has been lowered from 20k to 10k and to be clear even the 20K limit was absurd. I have been brainstorming as to how we can get around this with my father. Here to vent out frustration. I think the push for digital should not be by declaring cash is bad rather by enabling digital and building infra for that and providing incentives for digital not by penalizing cash. The builders and big fish still pay in cash and receive in cash and give a damn about these rules it is the small fishes like us which want to pay by the rule and are hurt. It is as if the government wants us to steal and then bribe to get out of that mess once caught. . New defence doctrine to ensure Army Navy IAF can tackle entire spectrum of conflicts. Its time to reform the RTE Act: [deleted]. Indians send home 62.7 billion in 2016 highest globally World Bank: [deleted]. Digital push sees HDFC Bank record highestever staff cull in a quarter. In massive data breach details of over a million Aadhaar numbers published on Jharkhand govt website. Reform perform transform Modi. Raghuram Rajan Warns Of Policy Uncertainty For World Economy: [deleted]. India formulating policy to help global defence firms to set up JVs Jaitley in US: [deleted]. Railways expansion must for Indias growth Suresh Prabhu: [deleted]. The white revolution comes to Kashmir. India formulating policy to help global defence firms to set up JVs Jaitley in US. Arun Jaitley says the Indian government is formulating policy to help major global defence companies set up manufacturing units in the country in collaboration with Indian firms: [deleted]. Railways expansion must for Indias growth Suresh Prabhu: [deleted]. Now you can withdraw 90 of PF savings for buying flat land: [deleted]. Jan Gan Man Ki Baat Episode 37 Imposition of Hindi and Youth Survey 2017. Campaigners refuse to throw in the towel over Indias tax on blood. Will Indias MSME sector ever grow up: [deleted]. Should we privatise water. GST Bills to be discussed in Lok Sabha tomorrow: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley introduced four GST bills in the Lok Sabha on Monday morning. The Lok Sabha will discuss these bills tomorrow. With this the GST bill and the process of implementation will enter its last phase and its passage by the Parliament will mark the beginning of the biggest tax reform in the country since independence. The four bills up for discussion relate to the creation of an antiprofiteering body rules for arrest for tax evasion and the cap for maximum tax rate at 40.. India has few arrows in its quiver to fight a trade war with the US. Inadequate Pensions Leave Indias Elderly No Choice But To Work IndiaSpend. [Policy] Creating Jobs in the Indian Economy: An AskIndia thread asked the same question. I replied without reading this persons entire post which turned out to be trolling. So Im reposting my comment here. It starts with some historical background and ends with a comparative description of how other countries have performed. My Answer Clothes and Shoes 1. Industrialization Historically models of industrialisation have followed two pathways Slow but Steady Where Western Advanced economies like the USA amp UK undertook economic development in tandem with political development. They did not begin with universal franchise. This helped fiscal and economic development by limiting the initial demands on the state during the period when its capacity was weak. Accelerated Growth economic successes mostly in East Asia began authoritarian explicitly Korea China or de facto Singapore Thailand Taiwan and gave way to political transformation only after a degree of economic success was achieved. 2. Where does India Stand India has attempted economic development while also granting universal franchise from the very beginning. The only other countries in this group are Botswana Mauritius Jamaica Trinidad and Tobago and Costa Rica all perennial democracies. At independence India was one of the poorest nations regardless of political system with a per capita GDP of just 617 PPP. This implies The Indian state has been ever burdened by the demands for redistribution since early in its life leading to the poor state capacity we see today healthcare education law enforcement. There is a distrust of the Private Sector and overreliance on Public capacity. Exit that is winding down declaring bankruptcy and plugging inefficiencies is hard because of diverse stakeholders vested interests and poor institutions 3. What Kind of Jobs does India Need India needs to generate jobs that are formal and productive provide bangforbuck in terms of jobs created relative to investment have the potential for broader social transformation and can generate exports and growth. Apparel and Footwear sectors fit this bill. 4. How have Apparel and Footwear worked for the East Asian Economies In the successful East Asian economies countries where GDP growth booms averaged between 710 per cent growth in the exports of these two sectors was exceptional. For comparison over a 20 year period postliberalisation for each economy CountryYear of TakeOffAnnual avg export growth for 20 years post take off per cent of ApparelAnnual avg export growth for 20 years post take off per cent of Leather and FootwearAnnual avg economic growth for 20 years post take off per cent Korea196230.469.99.0 BGL198527.929.85.2 Thailand196053.844.17.5 Indonesia196765.848.67.0 Malaysia197033.427.56.9 China197818.627.79.8 Vietnam198517.816.16.6 India198012.75.45.6 5. Why has India underperformed For a lot of historical religious and sociocultural reasons. However those pertinent to contemporary times include Logistics Costs and Time for getting goods from factorytoport are greater. Furthermore Indian ports are unequipped to handle very large capacity containers. We use Sri Lankan ports for such transshipments. Labor Regulations Labor costs are low but regulations strangulate formalization because of high overtime pay requirements de facto EPF contribution taxes for lowpaid workers and inflexible firing policies. Tax and Tariff Policies Indias domestic tax policies and unbalanced in that they promote cottonbased fibres instead of manmade fibres which is the bulk of the global demand. Similarly the global demand is for nonleather footwear while Indias share of global exports in leather footwear are double that of nonleather footwear ie. it wrongly focuses on leather footwear Export Market Discrimination EU and US impose customs tariffs on Indian apparel and footwear exports at 10 while it is 0 for Bangladesh. So Indian firms shift operations outside of India. What should India do / What is it doing Ill add in this later if I see this post getting enough traction. Writing all of this took a lot of time in and of itself. If you have any suggestions write away in the comments. In lead role Yogi Adityanath moves to revive cinema halls in Uttar Pradesh. Making New India2017 A film by DARPG. A case for colonialism in India by Milton Friedman. The Big Picture Another normal monsoon predicted... how can India make the most of it. RollsRoyce opens defence service delivery centre in India. Remittances to India dropped by nearly 9 in 2016 World Bank. Railways to push for punctuality as delayed trains become more frequent. Why PM Narendra Modi banned mobile phones from his meetings. Environment ministry panel bats for a Manesar expressway to decongest Delhi. Arun Jaitley raises H1B visa curbs with US commerce secretary. Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Joins The List Removes Red Beacon From Car. Free Russian Visa for Indian Citizens entering East Russia but is it really worth it. Why Diverting the Yettinahole River is a Bad Idea Getting Worse. Service charge not mandatory govt issues guidelines. India on the road to becoming an innovationdriven economy. Restaurants Cannot Force Customers To Pay Service Charge Says Ram Vilas Paswan. More and more Indian IT engineers are underskilled unwanted and unemployed. In big boost to preserve water Narendra Modi government to construct barrages on all 100mtr new bridges on National Highways. Commerce ministry babus to hold Twitter talks with people on policy making: [deleted]. GSTNs Ownership Accountability And The Challenge Of Working With A Moving Target. Are the terms and conditions of BHIMAadhaar anticonsumer or simply antiinterpretation The terms and conditions laid out in the statesponsored BHIMAadhaar mobile app has raised many concerns among legal and security analysts.. What is the logic behind making Aadhaar mandatory for filing IT returns SC asks Centre: [deleted]. You will pay Chinese media warn India over Dalai Lamas Arunachal visit. Indian economists suffer from herd mentality and thats bad for policymaking. The Big Picture Another normal monsoon predicted... how can India make the most of it: [deleted]. 25 of husbands net salary proper amount for alimony SC. India Takes Up H1B Visa Issue With US After Trumps Executive Order. Locomotive pilots and assistants will be trained in 3D simulators says Indian Railway Tech2. Bitcoin to Gain Legal Status in India Reports Local Media CryptoCoinsNews. Larsen amp Toubro signs pact with Hanwha Techwin for army weapon. Arun Jaitley takes up H1B visa issue with US commerce secretary: [deleted]. The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile New report by BCG ampamp Facebook. How can you make Aadhaar mandatory when we said its optional Supreme Court to Centre. Digital India my ass.: Cant even check my epf balance from last 34 months. The portal seems to be offline from months. India Reports Significant Reductions In Neglected Tropical Diseases. Free Speech Nationalism ampamp Sedition M.N. Roy Memorial Lecture delivered by Honble Justice AP Shah Chief Justice Delhi High Court Retd.. Friendly advance ruling mechanism to smoothen ride under GST regime. Environmentalist who moved NGT worried over Yettinahole project. PM Narendra Modi to discuss Niti Aayogs 3year action plan on Sunday. FundofFunds 17 VC firms sanctioned Rs623. 50 crore from govt startup fund: [deleted]. Naxal Mao Method over the man. For all his adulation by Indias leftwing rebels Mao Zedong never directly supported a Maoist cause in India till his death in 1976: [deleted]. Soon you can buy WiFi data from street vendors. Arun Jaitley takes up H1B visa issue with US commerce secretary: [deleted]. Indian economy set to overtake Germanys by 2022 push UK out of top 5 IMF. Modi govt pips UPA in sanctioning affordable houses: [deleted]. Aadhaar Act has strong privacy provisions says Amitabh Kant. The Big Picture Another normal monsoon predicted... how can India make the most of it: [deleted]. Unemployment Rate In India. Beyond Hype Over Make in India Where Are the Jobs amp Investment. There were misleading articles and posts about India GDP surpassing UK that is incorrect but Indias economy is surpassing Frances This Year.: /r/india/comments/5jdpqx/indiaovertakesuktobecomeworldsfifthbiggest/ It was also on worldnews and another host of news channels I cant find the worldnews link but here http//foreignpolicy.com/2016/12/20/indiaovertakesbritainastheworldssixthlargesteconomy/ http//www.financialexpress.com/economy/indiatopsunitedkingdomtobecome6thlargesteconomyoftheworld/481849/ However all that is not true UK economy is still larger than France despite Brexit but India is likely to surpass France gdp in 2017 according to IMF data Linked to said data https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ListofcountriesbyGDPnominal https//www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2017/01/weodata/index.aspx These are the latest predictions by IMF as of April 2017. Furthermore it seems that indias gdp has been computed using an exchange rate of 69 if rupee stays strong we can expect our gdp to be even greater this year in nominal terms. Also why are people so gullible to confirmation bias brexit means uk economy tanked so the articles on that were so popular but not a single article stating india surpassing france. Similarly I read a lot of stupid articles from good sources about Frances GDP being more than UKs which never even came close to being true.... Union Cabinet restricts use of red beacon A look at 2013 Supreme Court order which also brought down the number of VIPs. PHOTOS HeartBreaking Pictures From The MonthLong Protest By Tamil Nadu Farmers In Delhi: [deleted]. The Big Picture Another normal monsoon predicted... how can India make the most of it: [deleted]. A stronger rupee who wins who loses. Indian software automobile and ancillaries pharmaceutical companies and textiles sectors will be affected the most by stronger rupee. Bets on Indias Normal Monsoon Seen at Risk on El Nino Outlook. Raoul Pal Paying Attention On India. The Big Picture Another normal monsoon predicted... how can India make the most of it: [deleted]. South Asia Economic Focus Spring 2017 Globalization Backlash World Bank Report. Oil ministry redflags Sunday holiday for fuel outlets. India has achieved 12200 MW of solar capacity says Goyal. Telecom minister Manoj Sinha claims that call drops have reduced by 60 percent Tech2. Swachh Bharat Funds for treating solid waste cut 46 per cent. Telecom operators ask Trai to increase stakeholders responsible for net neutrality Tech2. Odisha government suspends internet services over objectionable social media post Tech2. Interview People are Being Pulled Out of Poverty but Not to Prosperity. Taj Mansingh Hotel To Be Auctioned As Sought By Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. You Have No Sense Of Responsibility Angry Court Says To Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. Indias Rising Wealth Has a Downside Fewer Women are Working. https//cleartax.in/s/gstrolloutsbiraisesconcerns: [removed]. IMD forecasts a normal monsoon in boost to Indias rural economy. India Meteorological Department IMD in its first monsoon forecast says rainfall will be 96 of longperiod average with a 38 probability of a nearnormal season. Cabinet approves leave encashment up to 180 days for deceased defence personnel. A stronger rupee who wins who loses. Indian software automobile and ancillaries pharmaceutical companies and textiles sectors will be affected the most by stronger rupee: [deleted]. Farm loan writeoffs win votes in India but may hurt economy. IMDs monsoon forecast to boost markets but geopolitical tensions a big worry. Long waits at toll gates defeat purpose of express ways. No more lal batti gaadis India bans use of Red Beacon Lights on VIP cars. India eases rules to allow merger of Indian companies with foreign firms. Home prices fall as discounts rain but buyers still wary. Trumps visa restrictions pushes Indians homewards. Bitcoin to be given legal status CNBC Awaaz News Update 19th April 2017. India in touch with US and Australia over visa regime changes: [deleted]. Watch CNBC Awaaz News Update 19th April 2017 on YouTube: [deleted]. 2.5 lakh companies sans business activity stare at closure. Govt cancels FCRA licence of top public health NGO. Cabinet approves leave encashment up to 180 days for deceased defence personnel: [deleted]. IMDs monsoon forecast to boost markets but geopolitical tensions a big worry: [deleted]. Nissan explores Leaf electric car for India pilot runs later this year. Petrol pumps in eight states to be shut on Sundays from May 14. Cabinet approves leave encashment up to 180 days for deceased defence personnel: [deleted]. IMDs monsoon forecast to boost markets but geopolitical tensions a big worry: [deleted]. IMD forecasts a normal monsoon in boost to Indias rural economy. India Meteorological Department IMD in its first monsoon forecast says rainfall will be 96 of longperiod average with a 38 probability of a nearnormal season: [deleted]. By hiding names of wilful loan defaulters govt hurting genuine businesses. Assocham predicts layoffs in Indian IT companies after Trumps executive order on HIB visas. A stronger rupee who wins who loses. Indian software automobile and ancillaries pharmaceutical companies and textiles sectors will be affected the most by stronger rupee: [deleted]. Farm loan writeoffs win votes in India but may hurt economy: [deleted]. The Big Picture Another normal monsoon predicted... how can India make the most of it: [deleted]. IMD forecasts a normal monsoon in boost to Indias rural economy. India Meteorological Department IMD in its first monsoon forecast says rainfall will be 96 of longperiod average with a 38 probability of a nearnormal season: [deleted]. Supreme Court throws out case no one could understand. Farm loan writeoffs win votes in India but may hurt economy: [deleted]. A stronger rupee who wins who loses. Indian software automobile and ancillaries pharmaceutical companies and textiles sectors will be affected the most by stronger rupee: [deleted]. 30 Lakh Enrolments Pending 58000 Taxmen To Be Trained Yet GSTN Confident Of July 1 Launch. VIP culture of beacon lights to end from May 1 Nitin Gadkari. For 2019 Election AllNew VVPAT Machines Centre Clears 3000 Crores. NGT orders shutdown of all industrial units located near Bengalurus Bellandur Lake: [deleted]. Indias Monsoon Concerns Are More Evidence That India Is Still A Poor Country. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling. IMD forecasts a normal monsoon in boost to Indias rural economy. India Meteorological Department IMD in its first monsoon forecast says rainfall will be 96 of longperiod average with a 38 probability of a nearnormal season: [deleted]. Why Maharashtras farm distress is marketdriven. Farm loan writeoffs win votes in India but may hurt economy: [deleted]. Nitin Gadkari readies plan for historic landmark taller than Burj Khalifa on Mumbai waterfront. Beer companies to collectively launch new brands in India to reverse sales decline. Force India F1 team boss Vijay Mallya arrested in London. Maravoor dam starts drinking water supply to 14 villages. At 96.9 per cent Railways posts worst operating ratio in 16 years last fiscal. Petrol pumps will remain shut on Sundays in eight states starting May 14. Government planning an easy credit scheme for rural households. This could be your chance to get rich from Narendra Modis 250billion defence plan. Services may be taxed at 12 18 under GST: [deleted]. IMD forecasts a normal monsoon in boost to Indias rural economy. India Meteorological Department IMD in its first monsoon forecast says rainfall will be 96 of longperiod average with a 38 probability of a nearnormal season: [deleted]. Nissan explores Leaf electric car for India pilot runs later this year: [deleted]. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling: [deleted]. In 10 Years NonFossil Fuel Sources Will Form Over Half Of Indias Energy Capacity. Trump signs executive order on H1B visa. Nissan explores Leaf electric car for India pilot runs later this year: [deleted]. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling: [deleted]. Buying a flat Heres why you should wait till May 1. Trump signs buy American hire American order to end H1B misuse. Centre to clear new BengaluruChennai expressway in two months. What Trumps H1B visa executive order actually does: [deleted]. Heres Your Chance to Bet on Indias Defense Spending Spree. Delhi Govt. invites general public to become volunteers of Mohalla Clinics. http//www.hindustantimes.com/delhi/srisrisaysngtnotartoflivingshouldbefinedforyamunafloodplaindamage/storySrCC3u9CexazwsnCTaQBSL.html: [deleted]. Trump Ghar Wapsi order. Trump Ghar wapsi. Modi says govt will bring law to push doctors to prescribe generic medicines. IT detects over Rs 540 crore black money in last fortnight. Monsoon will be normal in 2017 IMD. Rainfall will be 96 of the longperiod average and there is a 38 probability that monsoon will be near normal says IMD: [deleted]. All eyes on IMDs monsoon forecast today This years monsoon forecast is crucial for the agriculture sector with reports pointing out that the El Nino weather phenomenon could occur this year. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling: [deleted]. Aadhaar must for joining boards filing cos returns. IMF retains its India GDP growth forecast at 7.2 for 201718: [deleted]. Indias steel exports jump by 102.1 in 201617. An allmale panel decided to recommend mandatory sexdetermination for all pregnant women. Those who have looted will have to return that PM Narendra Modi. Uttar Pradesh to set up 100 fasttrack courts for crime against women. Uttar Pradesh to set up 100 fasttrack courts for crime against women: [deleted]. CPEC has no direct link with Kashmir issue says China. Buying a flat Heres why you should wait till May 1: [deleted]. Aadhaar must for joining boards filing cos returns: [deleted]. Latest IMF Predictions April 2017 India surpasses France GDP 2017 UK GDP in 2018. Indias economy will grow by 7.2 in 201718 predicts World Bank.. Donald Trump effect Australia abolishes visa programme used largely by Indians: [deleted]. Buying a flat Heres why you should wait till May 1: [deleted]. Monsoon will be normal in 2017 IMD. Rainfall will be 96 of the longperiod average and there is a 38 probability that monsoon will be near normal says IMD: [deleted]. Uttar Pradesh to set up 100 fasttrack courts for crime against women: [deleted]. Judiciary Does Not Want Any Accountability or Transparency Allege RTI Activists. RERA Buying a flat Heres why you should wait till May 1: [deleted]. Aadhaar must for joining boards filing cos returns: [deleted]. Hindi could be compulsory till Class 10 in all CBSE schools: [deleted]. Aadhaar must for joining boards filing cos returns: [deleted]. Nissan explores Leaf electric car for India pilot runs later this year: [deleted]. Hotels along highways already bleeding from liquor ban. World Bank says Indian economy to grow at 7.2 in FY18. All eyes on IMDs monsoon forecast today This years monsoon forecast is crucial for the agriculture sector with reports pointing out that the El Nino weather phenomenon could occur this year: [deleted]. Cisco eyes India as global export hub. Australia bans the 457 visa program. The Economics amp Future of Ecommerce Fraud in India. Managing migration for equitable development. In Five Years Private Schools Gain 17 Million Students Government Schools Lose 13 Million. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling: [deleted]. Railways formulating policy to promote tourism through trains. Dalit Man Commits Suicide After Facing Social Boycott For Killing A Calf In UP. Government awards 49 port projects worth Rs 8341 crore in FY17. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling: [deleted]. Railways formulating policy to promote tourism through trains: [deleted]. India planted 50 million trees in one day smashing the world record. Everyone in India thinks they are middle class and almost no one actually is Only 2 are really middle class at global scale. Changing the Status Quo Private Sector Managing Municipal Solid Waste. How to fix Aadhaar Destroy the database issue a smartcard and make linking to services optional Tech2. Trai has made three subgroups in areas like licensing and tariff to identify and remove outdated rules Tech2. ISRO plans Joint Venture with industries for rocketbuilding: [deleted]. Exports by Indian Railways in the past.: [2012 Made in India trains to chug in Pakistan Bangladesh]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/MadeinIndiatrainstochuginPakistanBangladesh/articleshow/14287170.cms [2008 Indian rail engines hugely popular in Africa]http//www.oneindia.com/2008/01/15/indianrailengineshugelypopularinafrica1200387803.html [1998 New generation locomotives from Chittaranjan]http//www.thehindu.com/2000/02/02/stories/0602000d.htm Any more Feel free to add in comments.. Nitin Gadkari readies plan for historic landmark taller than Burj Khalifa on Mumbai waterfront: [deleted]. SBI says low credit growth high GDP suggest decoupling: [deleted]. MasterCard Visa MasterCard lobby government to ensure they dont lose out to homegrown apps like UPI BHIM. ISRO plans Joint Venture with industries for rocketbuilding: [deleted]. Farm loan waivers to touch 2 of GDP in runup to 2019 polls Bank of America Merill Lynch. Delaying an Air India flight can cost you a fine of up to Rs 15 lakh: [deleted]. Mitron Friendship Is Leaking. Mumbai Hindu tenant gets separate water line [Old] [2013]. New realty law by May 1 set to cheer home buyers. A Twisted Tale of Rent Control in India. Bitcoin transaction is more transparent compared to cash Saurabh Agrawal Cofounder of Zebpay. Payments Worth Over Rs 9179 Crore Pending Under MGNREGA For FY 201617. Are Reservations the Best Way to Improve the Gender Ratio in IITs. Amol Palekar files plea against pre censorship of films Supreme Court seeks Centres response. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Aadhar card racket busted. Suresh Prabhu launches new rail coach with glass roof GPS. Explain this economic inequality r/india.: My friend barely passed GRE. He got a seat in private University up in USA. He does a part time at one of restaurant franchises from past one year at 8 a Hour. Buys a car Posts it all over insta. Be me In India. Gets a job at one of the MNCs . Full time. Have to save for buying a car for 34 years. ELI5 r/India. Model Hyundai Accent Fuck me he is even got a personal plate. o please dont say go to USA and get out of this shit hole. I dont want to. . Nitin Gadkari readies plan for historic landmark taller than Burj Khalifa on Mumbai waterfront: [deleted]. Government looking to keep single rate for each product group to avoid complexity. Railways formulating policy to promote tourism through trains: [deleted]. President Pranab Mukherjee urges India to become global power of happiness. Maharashtra to have Indias first ideal digital village. President Pranab Mukherjee okays call for all speeches to be in Hindi. Layoffs hang over hotel employees as liquor ban bites. Liquor Ban Layoffs hang over hotel employees as liquor ban bites: [deleted]. Nitin Gadkari plans landmark taller than Dubais Burj Khalifa a new waterfront in Mumbai. RTI Lowdown on Aadhaar enrolments specifically about biometrics. India Second Fastest Growing Market for Passenger Vehicles Globally. Nitin Gadkari readies plan for historic landmark taller than Burj Khalifa on Mumbai waterfront: [deleted]. INFOGRAPHIC Indias Poverty Profile 2016. Yes India is poor but the question is why: The British are to blame for our status and fortunes as on 1947. But it is 2017 70 years sitting which India was a democratic sovereign determining its own economic and political future. We were not a nation that was devastated by world war II like Germany or Japan. We were not ruled by dictator or communist junta that we could kick out. We were not ravaged by super powers like Soviets did to Afghanistan and USA did to Vietnam Laos and Cambodia. Entire ASEAN and China faced far worse devastation and poverty but have progressed ahead of India in terms of poverty alleviation. South Korea had a devastating war and was poor as India. Sri Lanka had a civil war over half the country till 6 years ago. China was poorer than India in the 60s.. Govt may soon allow 100 FDI in cash ATM management companies. The deadly rise of alternative intoxicants in Nitish Kumars alcoholfree Bihar. Centre to buy 100000 tonnes potato from UP farmers. Nitin Gadkari readies plan for historic landmark taller than Burj Khalifa on Mumbai waterfront: [deleted]. Assembly unit in India a matter of when not if Volvo Cars: [deleted]. Dark side of solar success It may kill thermal power banks. Day of our Lives How liberalization changed India through the eyes of the people.. Hacked How 171 mn stolen from Union Bank was recovered. Credit Growth Plunges To Over 60 Year Low At 5 In FY17. Why Is Narendra Modi Continuing The Congress Approach In Kashmir Its time to think out of the box.. President Pranab Mukherjee urges India to become global power of happiness: [deleted]. [NP] In the light of the poor country remark heres an article which shows some shocking comparisons between GDPs of various countries and India Spoiler Were even worse than Nigeria.. For a cow reservation bill. Liquor ban has illegal sales up in Kerala. Maharashtra to have Indias first ideal digital village: [deleted]. Maharashtra to have Indias first ideal digital village: [deleted]. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Exports grow 27.59 in March gold imports jump 329.19 to 4.2 billion. Solar power tariffs A race to the bottom. NIRF rankings amplify education inequality in India. Truck rentals move up in March. There has been a 1520 increase in transport of vegetables fruits and agricultural products from a year ago and 810 growth in industrial cargo. India to make coaches for some of the worlds biggest metro projects: [deleted]. Maharashtra to have Indias first ideal digital village: [deleted]. Farm loan waivers may hurt NBFCs. Minus Aadhaar link about 16000 ration cards may be declared bogus in Trichy Times of India. Goa government mulls ban on entry of locals in casinos Times of India. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Maharashtra to have Indias first ideal digital village: [deleted]. Farm loan waivers may hurt NBFCs: [deleted]. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Yogis food for all scheme Rs 10 running in Gorakhpur since 2008. Farm loan waivers may hurt NBFCs: [deleted]. Maharashtra to have Indias first ideal digital village: [deleted]. Get ready for lower phone bills as telcos do away with roaming charges: [deleted]. Railways to upgrade DelhiChandigarh route for 200 kmph service. Goans Cant Enter Casinos Says Manohar Parrikar As Gambling Isnt Good. GST Proposal for eway bill for goods worth Rs 50000 in transit. President Pranab Mukherjee urges India to become global power of happiness: [deleted]. Truck rentals move up in March. There has been a 1520 increase in transport of vegetables fruits and agricultural products from a year ago and 810 growth in industrial cargo: [deleted]. President Pranab Mukherjee urges India to become global power of happiness: [deleted]. Truck rentals move up in March. There has been a 1520 increase in transport of vegetables fruits and agricultural products from a year ago and 810 growth in industrial cargo: [deleted]. At 5.1 FY17 bank credit grows lowest in over 60 years Times of India. President Pranab Mukherjee urges India to become global power of happiness: [deleted]. Truck rentals move up in March. There has been a 1520 increase in transport of vegetables fruits and agricultural products from a year ago and 810 growth in industrial cargo: [deleted]. Exports grow 27.59 in March gold imports jump 329.19 to 4.2 billion: [deleted]. Narendra Modi rolls out cashless township model. MasterCard Visa MasterCard lobby government to ensure they dont lose out to homegrown apps like UPI BHIM. Aadhar card Registration for newborns starts in two state hospitals. Income tax department launches Operation Clean MoneyII to probe 60000 people Times of India: [deleted]. If Britain wants good trade ties with India it cannot say no to Indians. Bitcoin Ponzi Scheme Indian Government Seem to Disagree With Claim. Narendra Modi PM Narendra Modi dedicates Koradi Thermal Power Plant to nation. Heres why Ambits Saurabh Mukherjea is uncomfortable chasing market right now. Suzuki to form JV to manufacture lithiumion battery packs for India. Indias cash machines run dry again. Why am I being asked to insure my luggage and other things for Rs. 300 per head at MMT Isnt it the airlines duty to take care of my checked in luggages: Title. . Govt makes Aadhaar must to download map files will it be needed next to connect to web. service charge Now restaurants cannot add service charges to your bill. [NP] PM Modi Launches AadhaarBased Payments Via BHIM App: [deleted]. Exports grow 27.59 in March gold imports jump 329.19 to 4.2 billion: [deleted]. Truck rentals move up in March. There has been a 1520 increase in transport of vegetables fruits and agricultural products from a year ago and 810 growth in industrial cargo: [deleted]. NIRF rankings amplify education inequality in India: [deleted]. BEST to scrap all AC bus routes from Monday Times of India. Kerala Lawyer Explains His Motive Behind Filing PIL For Demolishing Illegal Structures Around Mumbai Airport. Central Vigilance Commission 67 jump in corruption complaints railways tops CVC. Sitas birthplace Sitamarhi a matter of faith Culture minister Mahesh Sharma. After RBI Nabard calls farm loan waivers a moral hazard. 67 jump in corruption complaints railways tops CVC. Indias Internet industry to double by 2020 report. After RBI Nabard calls farm loan waivers a moral hazard: [deleted]. NGT Principles of Unnatural Justice. Right to access Internet cannot be curtailed says SC. Exports grow 27.59 in March gold imports jump 329.19 to 4.2 billion: [deleted]. Budgeting for the police Higher allocations by themselves are not enough the structure of budgetary allocations can have an impact on police performance. For Madhya Pradesh police farmers dont die of debt. Is it mandatory to link the Aadhar number with the bank account: Im getting mixed answers for this. News sites claim that its required for bank accounts opened AFTER July 2014. However the banks customer helpline says that ALL accounts are required to link the aadhar number. Care to clear this up Cheers . National language Whats that2009. Truck rentals move up in March. There has been a 1520 increase in transport of vegetables fruits and agricultural products from a year ago and 810 growth in industrial cargo: [deleted]. The puzzle of Indian urbanization. Budgeting for the police Higher allocations by themselves are not enough the structure of budgetary allocations can have an impact on police performance: [deleted]. ADG PI INDIAN ARMY on Twitter: [deleted]. Transforming Indian Railways with the OneICT Programme. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG report Forbes. India passes landmark bill to grant equal rights to HIV AIDS patients. More Chinese cos investing in India But political amp cultural barriers remain. Blockchain startups welcome govt move to constitute committee on virtual currencies. India moves up 12 places in Travel ampamp Tourism Competitive Index of the WEF. Indias foreign exchange reserves rise 10 billion in FY2017: [deleted]. Unemployment rate in UP higher than national average Govt. Indias exports revival picks up speed in March. Indias March exports up by over 27: [deleted]. Women need not change their names in passport after marriage PM Narendra Modi. SC on farmer suicides shocking to see Tamil Nadu govt. is still silent. The puzzle of Indian urbanization. Most schemes for improving rural conditions are justified on the grounds that they will reduce migration to cities. Yet economic growth is strongly linked to urbanization: [deleted]. Budgeting for the police Higher allocations by themselves are not enough the structure of budgetary allocations can have an impact on police performance: [deleted]. Service Tax Rate To Rise From 15 To 18 Under GST Hasmukh Adhia. Digital transactions surge 44 to Rs 149.5 lakh crore in March. Will farm loan waivers hurt the finances of Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh: [deleted]. India Conquered by Jon Wilson review the chaos of empire. Vizag beaches to get a smart look Rs. 200cr development project to be completed in two years. India will find out where things stand with Bitcoin in 3 months. Caste mobility is going up. median wage premium down to 0.21. India is becoming more equal society with respect to Caste.: https//www.youtube.com/watchvxVBeb7j0mKAamplistPLuRhZpBM6qwTvoo09a3ZB2WuZNQtr8ampindex28 . Is Narendra Modi abandoning his promise of good governance. urban rail systems How India is emerging as hub for making urban rail systems. Benefits of Aadhaar are real but so are fears of biometric theft. Heres why: [deleted]. IT comes sniffing as Rajasthan chaiwalla gives Rs 1.5 crore dowry for 6 daughters Times of India: [deleted]. Cabinet panel clears decks for listing of 11 PSUs including IRCTC. Jim Rogers Surprised Modi government got GST through. Narendra Modis record infrastructure spending seen boosting loan volumes. Budgeting for the police Higher allocations by themselves are not enough the structure of budgetary allocations can have an impact on police performance: [deleted]. Factory output shrinks 1.2 in February retail inflation at fivemonth high in March. India has taken its first step to regulate Bitcoin CryptoCurrency. Rich Keralite poor Kerala conundrum Despite an inflow of Rs1 trillion Kerala is one of the least industrialized states in India and has one of the highest unemployment rates in the country. Why. Aadhaar robust the poor have no complaints about it Ravi Shankar Prasad. Haryana launches antiromeo squad Operation Durga 72 held on day 1. Bank Accounts Without Aadhaar To Be Blocked From May 1st. GST a big blow to clean energy financing. Kerala launches free legal aid in triple talaq cases. A short history of EVMs They are to paper ballots what motor vehicles are to horse drawn buggies. Core consumer price inflation seen at 4.84.9 in March: [deleted]. New rules on booze drive Indian businesses into a ditch. Railways withdraws implementation of Aadhar based ticketing system for senior citizens. Plastic bags banned from May 1 in MadhyaPradesh as its consumption is causing deaths of cows in the state.. Petrol diesel prices to change daily in five cities from 1 May onwards. MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar speaks on Aadhaar during SDD in Rajya Sabha 10 April 2017. Virtuosity Vir Sanghvi Talks to Nandan Nilekani on Aadhaar Controversy. Petrol diesel prices to change every day from May 1. Bank Accounts To Be Blocked If Not SelfCertified By April 30. What To Do. Delhi Metro ventures into real estate to sell over 500 flats soon: [deleted]. After RBI Nabard calls farm loan waivers a moral hazard: [deleted]. Supreme Court pulls the plug on Tata Adani power tariff relief Business Standard. Petrol diesel prices to change every day in sync with international prices from May 1 PTI. United States of South India Can a southern collective get us a better deal from Delhi. First time India becomes a net exporter of power. Modis Israel Visit to Spur Missile Deals. Aadhaar Your bank other financial accounts may be blocked if you dont link them with Aadhaar by April 30. Indians in demand despite H1B noise say US universities. Man claims cell tower gave him cancer Supreme Court shuts it down Times of India. How Indias buffalo trade has been battered by vigilantes. After RBI Nabard calls farm loan waivers a moral hazard: [deleted]. Narendra Modis Israel visit said to spur missile deals as ties deepen. Parliament passes bill to ensure equal rights to people affected by HIV Times of India. The Daily Fix Are Indias restaurants the right place to begin a drive against food wastage. 4 per person per month could reduce Indias poverty level from 22 percent to 7 percent.. Sena BJP faceoff over rooftop restaurants likely. Farm loan waiver After cooperative banks farmers demand waiver of loans from nationalised banks. After RBI Nabard too against loan waivers. 4 per person per month could reduce Indias poverty level from 22 percent to 7 percent.: [deleted]. From darkness to light How Telangana turned power surplus in just three years. NIRF rankings amplify education inequality in India: [deleted]. Trumps H1B visa reform hits every tech billionaire in India. Scale of green energy push hinges on affordability Piyush Goyal. Rajasthans living dead Thousands of pensioners without Aadhaar or bank accounts struck off lists. Bitcoin culprit behind money laundering unhappy with RBI for ignoring it MP Kirit Somaiya. Has Our Greed Overtaken Us Sadhguru on Indian Farmers Plight. DNA Development introduces electricity in Leh village for the first time in 60 years. Australia ready to supply uranium to India as soon as possible Malcolm Turnbull: [deleted]. NIRF rankings amplify education inequality in India: [deleted]. Disintermediating the State Would a Universal Basic Income Reduce Poverty More Than Targeted Programs. Why India Is Ready for a Universal Basic Income. This class 12 book written by Sharmaji believes 362436 is the best figure for women. would love to know more in detail about this.... Net inflows into mutual funds in FY17 highest in at least 11 years. A Drink to Gujarats Health. Aadhaar Narendra Modi saw this problem in 2013 but hasnt fixed it yet in 2017. Why Promoters Of Biometric UID Aadhaar Are Wrong And Irresponsible [Exhaustive]. Government may ask hotels to specify portion size to check wastage of food. Standup India Key to developing entrepreneurs from underprivileged sections of society is mentoring. Australia ready to supply uranium to India as soon as possible Malcolm Turnbull: [deleted]. State Government Still Interested in INS Viraat For a Tourism Project[p]. ELI5 Hindu Undivided Family HUF Tax Rebates.: I tried reading up on it on a few financial websites but Im not from a Commerce background and did not understand any of it.. Railways to allow corporates to run own freight trains move may pave way for private passenger trains. Its official Kerala govt makes Malayalam compulsory in all schools in state. 4 per person per month could reduce Indias poverty level from 22 percent to 7 percent.: [deleted]. NIRF rankings amplify education inequality in India: [deleted]. Supreme Court of India Raise against hate towards Brahmins.. How Many Prawns On Your Plate Fix Portions Says Minister Ram Vilas Paswan. Loan waiver is not the solution to farm crisis. India mulls private banks for 1.5 trillion infrastructure gap. RBI proposes India offer licences to private companies to set up infrastructure banks. http//www.newsbtc.com/2017/03/31/indianbitcoinpetitionlegalstatus/. Legal Did SC allow Aadhaar in Income Tax PAN No.. Govt gets tough on traffic violations All you should know about Motor Bill. 25000 petrol pumps to shut shop on Sundays from 14 May. What a home loan costs you. Australian PM Malcolm Turnbulls India visit aims to shore up relations. Indian government working on guidelines for accommodation aggregators. What R.S.Prasand said in parliament on Aadhar and a few responses to it.: Not an exact wordforword translation or transcription. Some phrases and quips may have been missed but substantively this is what rsprasad said in parliament today https//docs.google.com/document/d/1l9suVbniLpMqCc3B8pBHINLa7ShYgkn0Da3KD92uNQo/edit . UIDAI cracks down on 1000 operators in 3 months for malpractices. Indias wasted tourism potential. GST 70 of all goods and some consumer durables to become cheaper under proposed GST regime. Rainwater harvesting must for clearance of house map in UP. Govt. to get tough on traffic offences. Lok Sabha passes bill to reform transport sector The Motor Vehicle Amendment Bill 2016 seeks to slap heavy penalty on traffic violators check bogus driving licenses and vehicle thefts promote egovernance.. What a home loan costs you: [deleted]. Survey of India Stirs AadhaarCitizenship Debate with Release of Online Maps. Madhya Pradesh plans alcoholfree state stringent measures to come into force this year. India is losing faith in freetrade agreements. Website launched for govt map download but Aadhaar mandatory. A failing policy Drug abuse is replacing alcoholism another warning that prohibition is not working in Bihar. Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill Lok Sabha passes Motor Vehicles Amendment Bill. Skunk Spray A Stench From Israel May Be Used To Drive Away Protesters In India. In Feb Indian Gold Jewellery Exports Down 47. He only wanted to burn not kill Bombay HC reduces sentence of man who set his wife on fire. How Committed is the Government To Urban Development. Despite Indian Antics Pakistan Wants it to Become Part of CPEC. TN farmers strip near PMO in protest. Assam Proposes No Jobs For People With More Than Two Children Free Education For Girls. US of South India article is going viral: [deleted]. Is BJP responsible for the 16 years long wait to bring the GST in India: [deleted]. Railways to go digital Suresh Prabhu to launch supplychain contract. Growth at Indian internet consumer firms has stalled. Infrastructure solar power Centres new target of 40GW capacity from solar parks by 2022 can be met heres how. India stands in the way of Chinas free trade ambitions. International North South Transportation Corridor for better IndoRussian connectivity inches towards reality. International North South Transportation Corridor for better IndoRussian connectivity inches towards reality: [deleted]. Will regulate WhatsApp and other messaging services Centre tells SC. CWG Manmohan Singh passed the buck should have led by example says report: [deleted]. Link your Aadhaar with PAN through ID proof scan onetime password. In Assam no Govt. Job if more than 2 children below legal age marriage new population policy: [removed]. Niti wants to link Aadhaar with students scholarships. Aadhaar In the eye of the privacy storm. Now link Aadhaar with PAN through ID proof scan OTP The Economic Times. Demand in RS for official status to Tulu Kodava languages. Anyone having more than 2 children marrying before attaining legal age wont be eligible for Assam govt. jobs under new population policy.. Why instead of farm loan waiver we focus on irrigation rain water harvesting affordable housing: Give 1 lakh loan for investment in low yield Farms and waiver them off production doesnt go up invested money return is very little. Instead of Giving them Loans for people in distress why not create an ecosystem of Irrigation and 24x7 water electricity supply. with 40000 Crores incredible things can be done rain water harvesting Housing for poor.. Australian PM Malcolm Turnbulls India visit aims to shore up relations: [deleted]. Anyone having more than 2 children marrying before attaining legal age wont be eligible for Assam govt. jobs under new population policy.: [deleted]. Iran Will Cut Benefits on Oil Sales to Indian State Refiners. POSCO offers to surrender land for planned Odisha steel project. No government job in Assam for those with more than 2 children Draft population policy. Bond Investors Brace for Hawkish RBI After Patels Surprise. India combines resilience insecurity and huge potential. Why India Could Be the Winner of a U.S.China Trade War. Mark Mobius Says India Small Caps Are Interesting. Iran Will Cut Benefits on Oil Sales to Indian State Refiners: [deleted]. Why India is ready for a universal basic income. Can Indias smart city proposals do more on resilience. Indian Rupees exuberance needs tempering. Indias billionaires A swelling tribe. Why India Could Be the Winner of a U.S.China Trade War: [deleted]. Gurgaon is an example of how not to urbanise India. A Bitter Harvest. Govt To Make Aadhaar Mandatory For Domestic Flights And Bring New Rules For No Fly List. PMOIndia Those who have looted the poor will have to return to the poor what they have looted. I need your blessings for this PM narendramodi. Entertaining funny and informative take on Aadhaar card and how it might potentially affect all of us. Aadhaar to be made mandatory for domestic flight travel. Aadhaar trouble How a womans wages under MGNREGA were transferred to someone elses account. Why India Could Be the Winner of a U.S.China Trade War: [deleted]. India slips in human development index despite GDP growth ORF. JP Nadda interview People with mental illness are vulnerable it is govt responsibility to ensure care: [deleted]. Indias parliament has passed a progressive mental healthcare bill. What needs to be done next. Petrol and diesel price You could soon be paying a different price every day for your petrol and diesel. Read how. DestroyTheAadhaar or Reform the Aadhaar. Why India Could Be the Winner of a U.S.China Trade War: [deleted]. More outsiders needed in governance CEA Arvind Subramanian. How Rail Development Authority will change the Indian Railways landscape. Yogi Adityanath snubs RSS plans to introduce English from nursery level in UP. FMCG industry pays the highest salaries in India Randstad: [deleted]. How Rail Development Authority will change the Indian Railways landscape: [deleted]. BS III Vehicles Still Being Sold RTA Warns Dealers[p]. More outsiders needed in governance CEA Arvind Subramanian: [deleted]. Girl 9 sues Indian government over inaction on climate change. Crude oil Iran said to cut benefits on oil sales to Indian state refiners. Only in India white people are cast as Indians in movies.: [removed]. The truth behind Indias electricity exporter status Indias per capita electricity consumption is onefifth of the global average. Large banks. Large banks Rather than consolidation India needs more competition in the banking sector. How Rail Development Authority will change the Indian Railways landscape: [deleted]. More outsiders needed in governance CEA Arvind Subramanian: [deleted]. Government removed ban on export of edible oil in bulk after nine years. Security of Aadhaars data is under question but pointing to the gaps could lead to a police case. Probe against 3 firms for illegal use of Aadhaar biometrics. UIDAI can detect repel security breaches in Aadhaar CEO Ajay Bhushan Pandey. 112 Aadhaar operators booked for malpractices in Telangana. The truth behind Indias electricity exporter status Indias per capita electricity consumption is onefifth of the global average: [deleted]. Realty stocks gain up to 4.5 after RBI allows banks to invest in REITs InvITs. India Rising as Steelmakers to Beat Japan in Global Rankings. FMCG industry pays the highest salaries in India Randstad: [deleted]. Kerala to give free legal aid to Muslim women given triple talaq. The Uttar Pradesh Association of Dead People. Indian passport ranks 87th in world passport rankings. Kerala bars ingenious idea to beat SC order A twisted maze to the entrance: [deleted]. Want to make India a better place make average Indian eat more Nutritious food like japanese swiss or aussie: [removed]. Want to make India a better place make average Indian eat more Nutritious food like japanese or swiss or aussie: [deleted]. Services PMI rises for second straight month in March reaches 5month high: [deleted]. World Health Day 2017 Indias Crumbling Healthcare System: [deleted]. GIDC land scam Exchief secretary submits probe report to Vijay Rupani. Maharashtra to bring pension scheme for journalists soon says CM Devendra Fadnavis. The flip side of one nation one tax. Only 31 children get adequate nutrition in Tamil Nadu and thats the highest in India. In a first since 1991 FDI flow takes care of CAD: [deleted]. Its time for India and Britain to show benefits of free trade to the world: [deleted]. Poor infrastructure hobbles digital India: [deleted]. Why India could be the winner of a USChina trade war: [deleted]. Loan waiver for farmers to worsen UPs economic mess: [deleted]. TNs success story Rain water harvesting. Newslaundry Sabki Dhulai. Why is Interior Design So Expensive. India ranks 9th among 41 countries in corruption in businesses Survey: [deleted]. Who will own your data when your electronic health records are linked to Aadhaar. The UIDAI system design is flawed This man busts Nandan Nilekanis 9 claims on Aadhaar. Aadhaar enrolment affected as centres yet to install GPS device. The economics of happiness The pursuit of happiness lies in pursuit of wealth at least for developing countries like India. Indias bioinformaticists are the heroes of the coming biotech revolution Raymond McCauley: [deleted]. Aadhaar marks a fundamental shift in citizenstate relations From We the People to We the Government. Soon You May Need Aadhaar To Board A Flight. Aadhaar fails MGNREGS test in Telangana. Loan waiver for farmers to worsen UPs economic mess: [deleted]. Why India could be the winner of a USChina trade war: [deleted]. Indian economy to grow at 7.4 in FY18 ADB. 11592 cases of cyber crime registered in India in 2015 NCRB. India is not moving to counterforce doctrine. Accessing aadhar data without authentication. USChina trade war Why India could be the winner of a USChina trade war. Government to increase RampD spend to 2 of GDP. The economics of happiness The pursuit of happiness lies in pursuit of wealth at least for developing countries like India: [deleted]. Indian economy to grow at 7.4 in FY18 ADB: [deleted]. Affordable Housing for billion people can transform India like no other: [removed]. GST rollout on 1 July likely as Rajya Sabha clears bills. Is It Mandatory To Have Pan Number For The Indian Citizens. Reliance Jio to withdraw Summer Surprise offer after Trais order. Rain water harvesting Government plans to make 23 lakh rain water harvesting structure. India ranks 9th among 41 countries in corruption in businesses Survey: [deleted]. Its time for India and Britain to show benefits of free trade to the world: [deleted]. Railways bounces back posts all time high revenues. RBI governor Urjit Patel says farm loan waiver a moral hazard. Government of Rajasthan levies 10 surcharge on stamp duty for conservation and propagation of cow and its progeny. Signed 2 bn missile contract with India says Israeli firm. Justice delayed Lok Sabha answer reveals oldest pending case is 61 years old. Poor infrastructure hobbles digital India: [deleted]. CBSE biology students asked which is better burial or cremation: [deleted]. Its time for India and Britain to show benefits of free trade to the world: [deleted]. Why Narendra Modis farm loan waiver promise in UP was bad politics too. RBI governor Urjit Patel criticises farm loan waiver schemes: [deleted]. AadhaarPAN card mismatch is real pain for some why linking the two was a flawed step. The Role That Currency Played in the Great Bengal Famine of 1770. In a first since 1991 FDI flow takes care of CAD: [deleted]. Railways bounces back posts all time high revenues: [deleted]. Ganges cleanup in a shambles Narendra Modi intervenes: [deleted]. Services PMI rises for second straight month in March reaches 5month high: [deleted]. On sunflower seed the import levy has been cut down by Govt to 10. Aadhaar card must for Anna University counselling. Ganges cleanup in a shambles Narendra Modi intervenes. Indias 3 billion plan to clean the Ganges is badly behind schedule with large stretches contaminated by toxic waste and sewage forcing PM Narendra Modi to intervene: [deleted]. Services PMI rises for second straight month in March reaches 5month high: [deleted]. RBI hikes reverse repo rate by 25 bps cuts MSF rate to 6.5: [deleted]. Now Aadhaar for getting on a plane. Aadhaar card Expats who stayed in India for 182 days or more must apply for Aadhaar card CBDT. Centre sanctions additional 50 days employment under MGNREGA to Kerala. Indias first billionaire banker is betting big on mobile. Will customers pick up his call. Consumption in India to nearly triple to 4 trillion by 2025 BCG. UPI transactions Boost to Modi governments digitisation drive Digital payments made through UPI see massive jump. Ban on cash transactions of over Rs 2 lakh not applicable for bank post office withdrawals: [deleted]. India Moves Mountains to Build Military Road to China Border Modi Ramps Up Spending to Defend Contested Himalayan Territory: [deleted]. Facebook WhatsApp to be regulated DoT tells Supreme Court. Modi government mulls launching digital channel that will be Indias voice: [deleted]. From being world leader in surveys India is now facing a serious data problem: [deleted]. Bombay HC quashes petition asking for meat ban on Mahavir Jayanti. Market roundup Indias market captoGDP at 80 by FY17end. 57 billionaires control 70 of Indias wealth India is second most unequal economy after Russia[NP]. Nandan Nilekani on Aadhaar. Market roundup Indias market captoGDP at 80 by FY17end: [deleted]. Market roundup Indias market captoGDP at 80 by FY17end: [deleted]. 11592 cases of cyber crime registered in India in 2015 NCRB: [deleted]. Anil Agarwal plans to bring Anglo Americans business to India: [deleted]. Yogi Adityanath plans new industrial policy for UP to attract more investment. India Britain talk up postBrexit trade prospects. 1.34 lakh cr approved for smart cities but development wont occur overnight Naidu. Evidence no bar.: [deleted]. Discussion on Universal Basic Income shows an ignorance of inconvenient facts in our experience with direct benefit transfer and Aadhaar: [deleted]. Liquor ban on highways may increase risk to truckers as bootleggers get leeway. Aadhaar woes People are caught in the unique number web. The Debate Over Indian Nuclear Strategy is Heating Up. People of South Asian countries are subjected to slavery by mass biometric surveillance like Aadhaar. Pornhub YouPorn care more about your privacy than Indian govt does. GST Bill What will cost more and what will be cheaper for you due to GST Heres the list. Aadhaars MidDay Meal Ghosts Fact Or Fiction. Aadhaars MidDay Meal Ghosts Fact Or Fiction: [deleted]. Confusion reigns on CAG audit of GST data. Centre Cannot Avoid Fiscal Responsibility of UP Farm Loan Waiver. Nitin Gadkari reviews NH projects Brahmaputra Express Highway works. Nitin gadkari Nitin Gadkari announces Rs 40000 crore expressway project in northeast. SC liquor ban Forget ease of doing biz states should work out ways to at least guarantee certainty. Now Aadhaar for getting on a plane: [deleted]. Parliamentary panel asks Indian Railways to speed up station redevelopment projects: [deleted]. Shashi Tharoor Discussion on China versus India. Mumbai University not among Indias top 150 institutes experts blame politics lack of research programmes: [deleted]. Education healthcare to be out of GST Education healthcare and pilgrimages will continue to be out of service tax net even under the goods and services tax regime. YouTube unveils India mobile app for spotty Internet signals. Now Aadhaar for getting on a plane Times of India. H1B visa What the USCIS guidelines mean for tech workers and companies. The next phase of economic reforms. Let transgender people use any public toilet they prefer Centre tells Swachh Bharat Mission. GST Making the most of Indias big new tax reform. The next phase of economic reforms: [deleted]. The next phase of economic reforms The Narendra Modi government now needs to focus on the economic policy reforms India needs over the next decade. Yogi Adityanath waives farm loans of Rs 36359 crore keeps BJP poll promise. For Gods sake stop comparing Indias Aadhar with USAs Social Security Number. SC liquor ban Forget ease of doing biz states should work out ways to at least guarantee certainty: [deleted]. Punjab government explores ways to allow liquor at weddings. India rejects US offer to mediate with Pakistan says New Delhis position for bilateral redressal of issues unchanged. [Shower thought] Two minute silence for all those stupid farmers in UP who paid back their loans on time.: Pro UP farming advice Take atleast a lakh of agricultural loan just before the elections. Dont think if you need it or not just do it. Why say no to money you never have to pay back.. Arvind Kejriwal has failed the test of probity in public life Ram Jethmalanis offer of help notwithstanding. INSTC IndiaEurasia road almost ready container dry run soon. Indias National ID Program May Be Turning The Country Into A Surveillance State. Our position for bilateral redressal of all IndiaPak issues hasnt changed India on Nikki Haleys remark. Education healthcare to be out of GST Education healthcare and pilgrimages will continue to be out of service tax net even under the goods and services tax regime: [deleted]. The flip side of one nation one tax. India is the only large country in the world that is experiencing subnational income divergence. New Income Tax slab 20172018 come into effect All you need to know before filing returns. Heatwave Summers Below normal Monsoon and water scarcity.: India right now is facing one of the worst heatwave and it may get worse in Summers. [Worst of heatwave yet to come be prepared for scorching heat from April to June]http//m.hindustantimes.com/indianews/worstofheatwaveyettocomebepreparedforscorchingheatfromapriltojune/storyuNRZtGWWWw6m2HTV9aO8sL.html Private weather forecast agency Skymet Weather has predicted a below normal monsoon in India this year. [El Nino conditions growing Skymet forecasts belownormal monsoon]http//m.timesofindia.com/india/privateagencyforecastsbelownormalmonsoonconcernsforagrisector/articleshow/57863546.cms We may again face serious water scarcity this year across India maybe worse than what we faced last year. What steps the central government and various state governments have taken as a learning from last year to face this crisis Or is it our National Icon Cow which is going to help us this year. The flip side of one nation one tax. India is the only large country in the world that is experiencing subnational income divergence: [deleted]. Education healthcare to be out of GST Education healthcare and pilgrimages will continue to be out of service tax net even under the goods and services tax regime: [deleted]. Centre releases Rs 1712 crore to Tamil Nadu Rs 1234 crore to Karnataka for drought relief Centre releases Rs 1712 crore to Tamil Nadu Rs 1234 crore to Karnataka for drought relief: [deleted]. Education healthcare to be out of GST Education healthcare and pilgrimages will continue to be out of service tax net even under the goods and services tax regime: [deleted]. Govt plans new equity savings scheme with bigger tax benefits easier norms. Indias National ID Program May Be Turning The Country Into A Surveillance State. MHRD National Institute Ranking Framework NIRF. The flip side of one nation one tax. India is the only large country in the world that is experiencing subnational income divergence: [deleted]. Have GDP Revisions Left Indias Policy Makers Flying Blind. RBI Needs To Use Tools Other Than CRR On Excess Liquidity Morgan Stanley. Coal India Record Output Shipments Lag Target at Least 5th Year. Government exceeds FY17 tax collection target at Rs 17.10 lakh crore. Govt Exceeds FY17 Tax Collection Target at Rs 17.10 Lakh Crore. Due to slowdown in services exports and remittances Countrys current account deficit widens. Trump amends H1B rules entry level techies to be hit hardest. Over 47000km of rural roads constructed under PMGSY in FY17. Rajasthan PWD department to denotify State Highways to Urban roads to circumvent SCs liquor ban order at National and State Highways.. NRIs wonder How do I bring my issue to the attention of Sushma Swaraj. The poor do not count. The best GST there can be. The flip side of one nation one tax. India is the only large country in the world that is experiencing subnational income divergence: [deleted]. Col. Lalit Rai VrC of the Indian Army Kargil War Story. 36billion deals seek to tap infrastructure demand in MalaysiaIndia. Manufacturing PMI India fourth from top in Asia. LPG coverage rises to 73 as oil cos add 3.5 crore consumers in 201617. Government constructing road to develop Naxalites effected area: [removed]. DNA Road connecting Dantewada to Jagargunda in Chhattisgarh to be completed by year end. New 200 Rupee note with new security Features. Railways bounces back posts all time high revenues.  . Why is Modi government hellbent on diluting the Right to Information Act. More funds autonomy to institutions with better ranking Prakash Javadekar. Why India will have Unrest because of Jobless Youth bulge: In next 20 years India will have 300 Million Young people entering working age they need 300 Million NEW Jobs. Extra New jobs not just the present existing ones if India does well it will not even create 3050 Million NEW jobs. Forget about 300 Million. Yes Millions of Indians might get good jobs but thats just a fraction. Add automation happening in every industry. India is will be in absolute mess.. Why India will have Unrest on incredible scale.: [deleted]. Healthy Child. Behavioural solutions for road safety Its time authorities stopped relying on ineffective moneydraining campaigns driver education and enforcement of laws. Liquor ban on highways NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant questions Supreme Court order says 1 million jobs to get hit: [deleted]. No GST Shock This Year Healthcare And Education To Be Exempt. Niti Aayog opens door to private sector experts. March PMI touches 5month high on new orders output growth. Opinion Can Indias smart city proposals do more on resilience. USTR Foreign ownership norms a barrier. Not just Gurgaons Cyber Hub Mumbais Dahisar Toll Naka also faces a major crisis after SCs liquor ban on highways: [deleted]. Niti Aayog opens door to private sector experts: [deleted]. March PMI touches 5month high on new orders output growth: [deleted]. How Modi government managed to solve the GST puzzle. Singapore blocks visas for Indian IT professionals. Supreme Courts highway liquor ban verdict may hit 1 million jobs. India needs Rs43 trillion of investment in infrastructure over next 5 years Jaitley. Arun Jaitley says India has a huge unmet need for investment in infrastructure estimated to the tune of Rs43 trillion or about 646 billion over the next 5 years: [deleted]. No GST Shock This Year Healthcare And Education To Be Exempt: [deleted]. Stocks To Watch JSW Steel Magma Fincorp Oil Firms Unitech: [deleted]. SC dismisses plea against Bangladeshi migrants. India needs Rs43 trillion of investment in infrastructure over next 5 years Jaitley. Arun Jaitley says India has a huge unmet need for investment in infrastructure estimated to the tune of Rs43 trillion or about 646 billion over the next 5 years: [deleted]. Man behind liquor ban sulks as Chandigarh bars and pubs go dry. New Print Media Advertisement Policy to promote fairness and equality. Employees Provident Fund Organisation. Scene near Bangalore K R PURAM. Behind Gopalan Cinemas. Swim against funding tide Opaque India stands out.. Exchange offers likely to lose allure after GST implementation. Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad is not the only troublemaker in the skies. No GST Shock This Year Healthcare And Education To Be Exempt: [deleted]. Stocks To Watch JSW Steel Magma Fincorp Oil Firms Unitech: [deleted]. UN global human population growth projections for most populous nations in 2050 Indian population expected to surpass China and exceed 1.6 billion people. UN global human population growth projections for most populous nations in 2050 Indian population expected to surpass China and exceed 1.6 billion people: [deleted]. Highway Liquor Ban May Hit 1 Million Jobs Tweets Niti Aayog Chief Amitabh Kant. Himalayan glaciers granted status of living entities xpost /r/worldnews. Political parties under RTI CIC puts matter in abeyance. Fourth Generation Technology Park In Amarvati. RBI governor Urjit Patel gets big pay hike monthly basic jumps to Rs2.5 lakh. PV Sindhu wins maiden India Open Super Series title. Education healthcare to be out of GST: [deleted]. Seminal year for move towards cashless payments Nandan Nilekani on what to expect in payments and electronic transactions space challenges and more. Black Money India steps up black money hunt seeks Swiss details of over 10 persons. BMC to Enforce Solid Waste Management Rules from June 5. EVMs India to get over 9 lakh tamperproof EVMs before 2019. RBI governor Urjit Patel gets big pay hike monthly basic jumps to Rs2.5 lakh: [deleted]. Education healthcare to be out of GST: [deleted]. Seminal year for move towards cashless payments Nandan Nilekani on what to expect in payments and electronic transactions space challenges and more: [deleted]. Govt plans to change security marks of currency notes every 34 years. RBI governor Urjit Patel gets big pay hike monthly basic jumps to Rs2.5 lakh: [deleted]. India needs Rs43 trillion of investment in infrastructure over next 5 years Jaitley. Arun Jaitley says India has a huge unmet need for investment in infrastructure estimated to the tune of Rs43 trillion or about 646 billion over the next 5 years: [deleted]. Compilations of Comments on Consultation Paper on Differential Pricing by TRAI. Foreign investors pump in a record Rs 57000 crore in March on reforms buzz. Le Achaar Application: [removed]. Gujarat assembly clears proposal for setting up maritime university. India loses 58 billion annually due to road accidents UN study [Nov 2016]. Aadhaar Coverage throughout Indian states. India loses 58 billion annually due to road accidents UN study [2016]: [deleted]. India May Ease Rules for Foreign Food Retail Before November. India loses 58 billion annually due to road accidents UN study [2016]: [deleted]. India May Ease Rules for Foreign Food Retail Before November: [deleted]. Nitin Gadkari says 30 of driving licences are bogus. India Long at Odds With Pakistan May Be Rethinking Nuclear First Strikes: [deleted]. US exports to India encounter barriers Trump administration: [deleted]. Nitin Gadkari says 30 of driving licences are bogus: [deleted]. India May Ease Rules for Foreign Food Retail Before November: [deleted]. Foreign Portfolio Inflows At 6 Billion In March On Hopes Of Reform. Virtuosity Vir Sanghvi Talks To Nandan Nilekani On Aadhaar Controversy. Vir Sanghvi Talks To Nandan Nilekani On Aadhaar Controversy: [deleted]. You can be arrested for looking poor in most Indian states Union Territories. Income Tax 12 changes that kick in today heres our tax calculator to help you out. Come July your favourite fast food or snack may become too costly for you. Below normal monsoon likely from June to September Skymet. 17 states have agreed to form joint ventures with Railways Suresh Prabhu. Entrepreneurship lessons From slums to Silicon Valley. How Indias public policy can take maximum advantage of AI: [deleted]. India May Ease Rules for Foreign Food Retail Before November: [deleted]. Is India Ready For Hostile Takeovers. Foreign Portfolio Inflows At 6 Billion In March On Hopes Of Reform: [deleted]. Cow its urine and dung on Rajya Sabha discussion menu: [deleted]. Come July your favourite fast food or snack may become too costly for you: [deleted]. VodafoneIdea may be worth 23 more than the agreed price: [deleted]. Below normal monsoon likely from June to September Skymet: [deleted]. 17 states have agreed to form joint ventures with Railways Suresh Prabhu: [deleted]. India May Ease Rules for Foreign Food Retail Before November: [deleted]. Is India Ready For Hostile Takeovers: [deleted]. Foreign Portfolio Inflows At 6 Billion In March On Hopes Of Reform: [deleted]. Punjab 1170 primary schools running with single teacher say CAG: [deleted]. CAG approaches Finance Ministry after GST Network denies access to taxpayers data for audit: [deleted]. Gujarat maternal mortality rate rising since 2014 CAG: [deleted]. Govt approves unrestricted exports of organic agri products: [deleted]. India needs Rs43 trillion of investment in infrastructure over next 5 years Jaitley: [deleted]. India becomes a leader in maternity leave at its own expense. At Re 1 for 17km cheapest bus in India fuelled by cow dung biogas launched in Kolkata. Amitabh Kant ATMs credit debit cards set to disappear Niti Aayog CEO. Madhya Pradesh govt plans to introduce death penalty for rape of minor. Gujarat govt reins in schools new Bill caps school fees within Rs 1527K bracket. South Korea gave permission to import Indian mangoes. SC upholds ban on liquor outlets on highways Goa faces the brunt: [deleted]. Bitcoin isnt illegal but might soon be.: [deleted]. PM Modi to address 10000 students at Smart India Hackathon on Saturday. India to cut Iranian oil purchases in row over gas field: [deleted]. Policy innovation The lukewarm response to the innovative attempt by Maharashtra to refinance its loans does not mean that the idea is a bad one: [deleted]. UP Election Highlights BJPs win in Uttar Pradesh polls to put reforms on fast track says KV Kamath. India eases visa norms to build economic muscle. Note Ban woes over SME credit growth picks up. Reliance Jio nears 50 million paid subscribers ahead of free offers end. Out of 100 millionplus free Reliance Jio subscribers nearly 50 million have signed up for its Prime membership by paying a onetime charge of Rs99 and buying data packs. FDI is surging but job creation lags. A 2.5 surge in FDI inflow may help India beat its peers in terms of attracting foreign investments but translating this into largescale job creation is still some time away. International Energy Agency India becomes associate member of International Energy Agency. Government clears the way for 5 new SEZs. A new bill on public health emergencies allows for dubious restrictions of citizens liberties. The Public Health Bill allows government authorities to enter houses examine and treat people during an emergency but does not mention patient consent.. Madhya Pradesh follows UP plans to have antiRomeo squads. FDI is surging but job creation lags. A 2.5 surge in FDI inflow may help India beat its peers in terms of attracting foreign investments but translating this into largescale job creation is still some time away: [deleted]. Guys its 1 April any hints about impending Government initiatives in Gujarati newspapers: A newspaper had last year [alerted its readers of demonetization]http//www.abplive.in/indianews/demonetisationnewspublishedingujaratinewspaperinaprilcomestrue445084 and later hid behind the fig leaf of having published it on All Fools Day.. Is the order of the SC to ban liquor on highways democratic in any way: [removed]. Finance Minister Mr Arun Jaitley Make bitcoins and cryptocurrencies legal: [deleted]. SBIs New Rules To Go Into Effect From Tomorrow Know About Them: From tomorrow 1 April 2017 State Bank of India will be implementing the changes they announced a month back. The amendments can be read here. The Highlights of the new rules are 3 times deposit free in your account. After more than 3 times deposit you will pay 50/ per deposit. The failure to maintain Monthly Average Balance MAb in accounts will call for a penalty between Rs 50 to Rs 100 plus service tax per month. Minimum 3000/ balance to be maintained in city/town branch account. Minimum 5000/ balance to be maintained in metro city branch account. Minimum 2000/ balance to be maintained in semiurban area branch account. In metropolitan cities If the amount is below 75 of the Monthly Average Balance MAB the charges levied will be Rs 100 plus service tax. If the amount is 50 percent or less of the MAB then the fees levied will be Rs 50 plus service tax. These charges differ in case of rural branches. SBI customers can do transactions from ATM charge free for five transactions and after that Rs 10 will be levied for more than five withdrawals. If the number of transactions from ATMs of other banks exceeds three it will attract a charge of up to Rs 20. Unlimited SBI ATM use without any charges If you maintain 25000/ in your SBI savings account. Rs 15 will be charged for SMS facility for alerts per quarter from Debit Card Holders who maintain the average quarterly balance of Rs 25000 in three months period. For Unified Payments Interface UPI and Unstructured Supplementary Service Data USSD there will be no charge up to Rs 1000. Unlimited SBI amp OTHER BANK ATM use without any charges If you maintain 100000/ in your SBI savings account.. Pubs and bars in Gurgaons Cyberhub Delhis Aerocity to go dry after SC upholds liquor ban verdict. Towards The GST Finale Overview Of The GST Bills. A new paradigm for privacy. If we discard consent we can build a privacy framework that can serve as a model for the rest of the world. Petrol price cut by Rs 3.77 per litre and diesel by Rs 2.91 per litre. Petition Finance Minister Mr Arun Jaitley Make bitcoins and cryptocurrencies legal Change.org. Natural gas price reduced to USD 2.48 per unit for AprilSeptember 2017 However ceiling on gas price hiked to USD 5.56 for the period: [deleted]. Surrogacy Bill Male infertility ignored lets see what politics is played around womb says author Pinki Virani. Fiscal deficit overshoots RE by February 2017. How Indias public policy can take maximum advantage of AI: [deleted]. FDI is surging but job creation lags. A 2.5 surge in FDI inflow may help India beat its peers in terms of attracting foreign investments but translating this into largescale job creation is still some time away: [deleted]. How Indias public policy can take maximum advantage of AI: [deleted]. Railways to remove nonperforming employees says official. Can there be class action law suit against GoI for breaching Aadhar data: Is class action law suit permissible in India https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/62i94w/governmentadmitsyouraadhaardatahasbeen/ What can we do about this. Finance Bill 2017 does nothing to make political funding transparent heres how it can be done. Finance Bill 2017 ELI5 version by Sanitary Panels.: [deleted]. EPFO AboutEPFO. Let the World In India can earn up to six times as much from tourism as it does today. Why this tunnel will become Jammu and Kashmirs lifeline. A new paradigm for privacy. If we discard consent we can build a privacy framework that can serve as a model for the rest of the world: [deleted]. PPF Kisan Vikas Patra Sukanya Samriddhi interest rate slashed by 0.1. You need Aadhaar for all these services. EPFO International Workers. Pakistans Political Economy Is Changing And India Must Take Note. GST antiprofiteering clause may weigh on business market sentiment. EPFO For Employees. PPF Other Small Savings Schemes To Fetch Lower Interest Rates From April 1. Interest rate on small savings deposits PPF lowered by 0.1 effective from tomorrow. Pickup pace of Gold imports. Uttar Pradesh Meat Industry in Numbers: [deleted]. Exit Poll Forecast of poll results illegal says Election Commission: [deleted]. A new paradigm for privacy. If we discard consent we can build a privacy framework that can serve as a model for the rest of the world: [deleted]. Railways to remove nonperforming employees says official: [deleted]. http//www.epfindia.com/siteen/OLRE.php. Passport services issuing driving licence office freebies may attract GST. Is Aadhaar a breach of privacy Aadhaar is very poorly designed. The technology needs fixing today the law can wait for tomorrow. Say no to Westinghouse Assurances notwithstanding India must not enter into a contract with a bankrupt company. Making the Most of Indias Big Tax Reform. Editorial Making the Most of Indias Big Tax Reform: [deleted]. Clear TET or leave teachers told. Banks may cut funding to Rajasthan discoms missing UDAY targets. NHAI to miss 201617 road projects target on land acquisition woes. Triple talaq How it affects lives of Indias 90 million Muslim women. Ujjwala scheme to hit 2 crore milestone Times of India. Only 0.5 jobs added in 8 key nonfarm sectors from April to September last year. Aadhaar controversy Dhoni isnt the only person to complain about enrolment agents show RTIs. 7 Landmark Cases In India That Gave Birth To New Laws. Jitendra Singh Government unveils online vigilance clearance system eservice book. Indias consumer confidence highest among emerging markets Credit Suisse. Infra push to see cement demand improve to 5 in FY18 ICRA. Rs 1.2 lakh crorer spent on national highways development in 3 years. Government clears proposal worth Rs 8000 crore for acquiring 32 Advanced Light Helicopters. Cow belt may not be a place for cows much longer. Aadhaar will soon be aadhaar of your existence. Poll results lift investor sentiment FPI inflow at alltime high Rs 54000 crore. Corruption Legalized via Finance Bill 2017: Corruption Legalized via Finance Bill 2017 It looks like Money Bill is the latest in Modis Governance Model Anything controversial just use the Money Bill route to circumvent and/or silence any opposition voices from being heard or making a dent in passing what you really want Take a moment to read this and let it sink in just [how BJP has taken everyone in this country for a ride]https//www.newslaundry.com/2017/03/23/financebill2017youvejustbeenpunked Modis plan seems to be to eternally paint Congress as the Corrupt Party or Scamgress as their IT cells label it and yet reap the benefits of Congress excesses albeit in a pseudolegal manner It was fun watching Jaitely arguing in favor of both GST and Aadhar with a rare passion eloquence and apparent conviction. He also argued with passion eloquence and apparent conviction against GST and Aadhar when he opposed the bill in the previous Rajya Sabha. So which is the lawyer and which is the liar Even in Demonetisation fiasco it was he who on 9th March deftly added a new goal of going cashless while Modi was still harping on Black Money Counterfeit Money Jaitley knew very well those just cannot be achieved and he knew this new ruse of cashless will save face when the time comes and it sure did now people hardly talk of Black Money or Counterfeit Money anymore All they talk about is how Demonetisation pundits were wrong about Modis brilliance and failed to understand it Look for yourselves see how the markets are robust they say So has all the Black Money amp Counterfeit Money been brought back Why is Modi nor RBI refusing to answer this There were not many takers when I provided proof on why BJP cant be taken at face value on their so called fight against corruption [while being as much Corrupt if not more as any other party in the field]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5h5ghf/blackmoneykanchimutt/ Now today with the Passing of the Finance Bill by [rejecting the 5 Rajya Sabha amendments]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/parliamentpassesfinancebillrajyasabhaamendmentsrejected/articleshow/57915667.cms they have ensured that Corruption is no longer illegal infact Corruption is now going to be untraceable so much so that they can openly dare anyone to accuse them of being corrupt knowing full well that nobody will have any points against them BJP Modis or Jaitleys Masterstroke to introduce the Finance Bill 2017 with hiterto bold initiatives makes BJP/Modis Vikas facade brought down by the hypocrisy of making Yogi Adityanath the UP CM pale into oblivion Yes now the bold initiative is to make Corruption legal How is it Corruption do you ask The scams of the UPAII govt came into light because of the RTIs a result of their own undoing so to speak BJP just doesnt want to be caught with their pants down If you remember the 2G the Coal scams were caught because they were traceable the kickbacks received from all these major projects left a trail which implicated the wrongdoers Now with the help of the Finance Bill 2017 all the party in power has to do to circumvent Corruption is to divert these kickbacks from these major projects into a number of shell companies which will then be diverted anonymously[what a joke on EC]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5izr9d/electioncommissionseeksbanonanonymous/ into the coffers of the party in the name of Political Funding via Electoral Bonds And voila all the Black Money gets washed into pure Nationalistic Patriotic Shuddh Money Our Country is in the path of becoming Corruption Free for Modi to crow about it relentlessly in all the future Election rallies about how Congress is corrupt while the BJP is Clean amp Pure like himself Ganga The question that begs asking those who voted in the BJP is this the Corruption free India that you really wanted. No Country For Maharashtras Dryland Farmers. x Unsold BS III Stock Heavy Discounting Begins As April Deadline Looms NDTV CarAndBike. By 22 in Jan Indias Coal import falls. BSIII models Hero HMSI offer discounts of up to Rs 12500 on BSIII models. No Night Shifts For Women They Are Needed At Home Say Karnataka Legislators. Pornography access to be Aadhaar linked: [deleted]. WalMart India Walmart okay with selling only MadeinIndia products India CEO. The Mad Rush to Undo Online Privacy Rules. Aadhaar Governments Resistance And Supreme Courts Silence: [deleted]. India May Ease Rules for Foreign Food Retail Before November: [deleted]. Brace yourself with the passing of recent GST bills one more cess GST compensation cess is coming: Brace yourself with the passing of recent GST bill one more cess GST compensation cess is coming. This cess is intended to generate fund to help states cope with the sudden drop in revenues. http//www.cbec.gov.in/resources//htdocscbec/gst/compensationcessbille.pdf. You may as well kill us Human cost of Indias meat ban: [deleted]. [PDF Document] AADHAAR TECHNOLOGY amp ARCHITECTURE Principles Design Best Practices amp Key Lessons MARCH 2014. View It would be wiser to put off implementation of GST till September. Towards The GST Finale Overview Of The GST Bills: [deleted]. Domestic air travelers in India reached 100 million in 2016 surpassing Japan. Is India Ready For Hostile Takeovers: [deleted]. India China or both Bangladesh. Westinghouse Officially Bankrupt. What Now For Andhras 6 Nuclear Reactors. It isnt just Dhoni UIDAI received 1390 complaints about Aadhaar agents but took no legal action. RTIs filed by Scroll.in show complaints about enrolling agencies demanding bribes and making fake enrolments.: [deleted]. The end of privacy Aadhaar is being converted into the worlds biggest surveillance engine. Privacy is essential to a democracy and the rights of citizens. An undemocratic way is being used to take away this right.: [deleted]. UIDAI files FIR against journalist for exposing flaws in Aadhaar enrolment: [deleted]. Govt initiatives using aadhaar saved Rs 34K crore aadhaar benefits should not be undermined says Ashok Lavasa: [deleted]. Aadhaar Amid the debate about privacy the more pressing issue of exclusion has been forgotten. Yogi adityanaths strict actions against cheating in UP cancels 54 exam centres 359 cases against invigilators 1419 students debarred notices to edu officers. Towards The GST Finale Overview Of The GST Bills: [deleted]. Is India Ready For Hostile Takeovers: [deleted]. Domestic air travelers in India reached 100 million in 2016 surpassing Japan: [deleted]. Government To Borrow Rs 3.72 Lakh Crore In First Six Months Of FY18. Gallop Multi Henley TShirt Pack of 2 for Rs. 449 25 OFF Snapdeal HotDealINDIA. The Indian republic needs a strong state. When it comes to the rights of the individual the weak Indian state surrenders to mobocracy.. Rupee jumps 37 paise to fresh 17month high. Sign Petition Finance Minister Mr Arun Jaitley Announce bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are legal: [deleted]. The Big Picture Sweeping powers to taxmen in finance bill... are they necessary [VIDEO]. GST 17 years on historic tax reform moves a step closer to 1 July rollout. Congratulations to all the citizens on passing the GST bill. New year new law new India. [P] GST Bills passed in Lok Sabha introduced as Money Bill. To apply PanIndia except JampK. Expected rollout by July 1st 2017. Cabinet clears four GST bills 1 July rollout on track. Proof that Indias new maternity leave law could make it even harder for women to get a job. India lost Rs 12 lakh crore due to BJPs opposition to GST says Congress leader Veerappa Moily. Dismantling the permit raj in housing. Stringent landuse regulations have been a major source of housing market distortions in Indian cities. Farm loan waiver is no solution for Indian agriculture. In the case of repeated farm loan waivers it makes sense for borrowers to default strategically. Indias prized Silicon Valley hires keep burning out. Aadhaar eKYC The logistics of reverification might put a lot of strain on telcos. 236 Increase in Drug Seizures on Nepal Border in 2 Years Nepal Becoming Drug Transit Country. More than 80 engineers in Gujarat are without jobs. More than 80 engineers in Gujarat are without jobs: [deleted]. Supreme Court bans sale of BSIII vehicles from April 1. Supreme Court bans sale of BSIII vehicles from 1 April. Supreme Court Bans BS III Vehicles From April 1 Says Health Over Commercial Interest. Supreme Court bans registration sale of BSIII cars from April about a million vehicles to be hit: [deleted]. One Of Indias Most Reputed Educational Institutions Is Suffering Due To Lack Of Funding By The Govt. Growth of Indias exports for 19982017. Indias longest Highway Tunnel will be inaugurated by PM Narendra Modi. GST to be levied on renting EMI on underconstruction property from July 1. Aadhaar not mandatory for accessing welfare schemes says Ravi Shankar Prasad. MadeInIndia Dornier 228 Civilian Plane Set To Take Flight In May: [deleted]. SBI To Complete Merger Of Six Banks In Three Months. Food processing ministry approves 101 new cold chain projects. Aadhaar Fan Moment Led To Data Breach For MS Dhoni Wife Tweets Minister. Trump invites Modi to visit US later this year: [deleted]. Donald Trump invites Narendra Modi to visit Washington later this year: [deleted]. Searching and seizing the power grab. Decoding the Finance Bill 2017 and its amendments.: There is a lot of confusion regarding the Finance Bill 2017 not just on here but in the mainstream media as well. The media fucked up plain and simple. The journalists who are supposedly more informed simply missed the one which is released with the biggest fanfare in the country. The Union Budget. A certain section 132relating to search and seizure that was proposed to be amended in the budget is only coming to light just now. The budget was hailed as a strong budget towards a war on black money back then on 1st February 2017. The Budget that is released every year is accompanied by a Finance Bill which when passed by the Lok Sabha and assented by the President becomes the Finance Act 2017. The amendment in this section is a non issue it does not change the already established procedure for search and seizure. Before the amendment to counter an illegal search your only option was to file a petition in the high court and then escalate it to supreme court. The new amenment the text of which is reproduced below does not forbid officers from showing the reasons to a high court that would be unconstitutional. The courts have a right to call for and question every order irrespective of whether the law has a specific provision for redressal or not. Text of Section 132 as proposed to be amended by Finance Bill 2017 gtExplanation .For the removal of doubts it is hereby declared that the reason to believe as recorded by the incometax authority under this subsection shall not be disclosed to any person or any authority or the Appellate Tribunal. High Court and Supreme Court are not persons. Neither are they authorities. It is an established position in law where a law does not provide for grievance redressal a writ petition can be filed to the High Court and if the action taken is indeed unjust it will be quashed. This was the position in law before the amendment gt Disclosure of the material or the information to the person against whom the action is taken u/s 1321 is not mandatory because such disclosure might affect or hamper the investigation SOUTHERN HERBALS LTD v DIT INVESTIGATIONS 1994 207 ITR 55 KAR. Only the High Courts and the Supreme Court have the jurisdiction to call for and look into the reasons recorded to decide whether the issue of the search warrant was called for. Dr. PRATAP SINGH v DIRECTOR OF ENFORCEMENT 1985 155 ITR 166 SC Source http//taxguru.in/incometax/searchandseizureundertheincometaxact1961.html Section 132 is a non issue. Having said that Arun Jaitley has went ahead and amended the Finance Bill 2017 adding a few clauses and none of those affect search and seizure the new developments some of which are definitely worrisome are 1. Aadhar is now mandatory to file tax returns and if you dont have one you wont be able to file your returns moreover there is a provision which states that failure to notify the Income Tax Department about your aadhar number can result in cancellation of PAN card. 2. Various Tribunals have been rearranged and powers have been transferred. http//i.imgur.com/KxbruiV.png. Source http//www.prsindia.org/uploads/media/Finance20Bill/Analysis20Proposed20amendments20to20the20Finance20Bill.pdf 3. The key issue here is that now the central government will be able to fill these boards that were till now supposedly independent. They are now to be at the bidding of Central Government aka the party in power. 4. Prohibition of cash transactions of more than 2 Lakhs down from 3 lakhs as declared in the budget. 5. Removal of limits for donation to public parties by companies earlier this was restricted to 7.5 One needs to question why these amendments were not announced at the time of budget and are released as tack on amendments much later. The answer could be malice or plain old last minute brainstorming before a bill is passed. I like to think the timing was intentionally chosen to distract and deterpeople from questioning it. What is even more worrisome acts which are not related Finance have been amended in the Finance Bill 2017 to subvert the Rajya Sabha. The whole thing is worrying without adding the fake news that section 132 somehow now magically allows officers to raid without oversight. You can read the full text of the amendments to the Finance Bill 2017 or the budget here http//www.prsindia.org/uploads/media/Finance20Bill/Finance20Bill20201720amendments.pdf You can read the Finance Bill 2017 as introduced at the time of budget here http//www.prsindia.org/uploads/media/Finance20Bill/Finance20Bill202017.pdf This bill has already been passed by Lok Sabha and once it receives the Presidents assent itll become law. So everything discussed above will be law of the land in a very short time.. Revised GST legislation may pinch working capital of industries: [deleted]. What does it take to increase Indias Per capita income to 10000: presently we have less than 2000 per capita. 5x increase will help Indians live decent standards being able to afford basic things. not singapore level but livable. What should be done on individual level and on national state local business level Edit my view focus on reaching all these things so every Indian income rises. Primary Healthcare amp Education for all Affordable Housing for every Indian Manufacturing etc.. The data wars may end sooner than later. Govt seeks powers to levy GST on all rental income. TIL India has the worst budget deficit by far of the top 20 countries by government budget. Union Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu pushes for complete digitisation of Indian Railways: [deleted]. ET Global Business Summit 2017: [deleted]. India opens regulatory back door for projects flouting environment law: [deleted]. NITI Aayog to launch 3year action plan from April 1: [deleted]. ET Global Business Summit 2017: [deleted]. Dismantling the permit raj in housing. Stringent landuse regulations have been a major source of housing market distortions in Indian cities: [deleted]. 17 states have agreed to form joint ventures with Railways Suresh Prabhu: [deleted]. ET GBS 2017 As China slows India poised to take its place in growth race: [deleted]. Nuclear South Asia and Coming to Terms With No FirstUse With Indian Characteristics Lets make one thing clear India can explore a preemptive first strike without changing its 2003 nuclear doctrine.. Use Aadhaar for prison inmates visitors Union Home Ministry. According to National Crime Records Bureaus 2015 statistics there are 1401 jails across India housing more than 4.19 lakh prisoners.. Aadhar meant for tracking PDS not prying into activities of others Kapil Sibal in Rajya Sabha. When Pentagon can be hacked so can Aadhar Sibal tells Parliament. Aadhar will make life tough for workers rescued from bonded labour Activists. Everyone from Muji to Zara wants a piece of India but there arent enough shopping malls to hold them all. Cant stop govt from linking bank accounts with Aadhaar SC. Railways to deploy integrated software for faster data collection analysis: [deleted]. Dismantling the permit raj in housing. Stringent landuse regulations have been a major source of housing market distortions in Indian cities: [deleted]. 17 states have agreed to form joint ventures with Railways Suresh Prabhu: [deleted]. New technology for faster and cheaper remittance: [deleted]. The Backdoor Entry Of Aadhaar Into Income Tax Law And Its Implications: [deleted]. Govt tables GST bills in Lok Sabha stokes hopes of 1 July rollout. Farm loan waiver is no solution for Indian agriculture In the case of repeated farm loan waivers it makes sense for borrowers to default strategically: [deleted]. Use of Bitcoin illegal says govt. Air India BSNL among 43 CPSEs making losses for 3 [continuous] years. Rs.2000 note may be phased out. Aadhaar for dummies Why rightthinking Indians should be worried over the slow death of privacy. [AskIndia] How much would it cost to challenge the Finance Bill in court I want to do it but I dont know where to start and if I can afford it.: This bill needs to be destroyed. Forced AADHAR IT department being given too much power etc. are elements of gross overreach.. Aadhaar How people are caught in the middle of unique number web. Modi refocuses on foreign policy after big wins in assembly polls. Corporate leaders step up to put India on global map. India is using a lot less energy carbon and capital than the US and China to achieve GDP growth says Union minister Jayant Sinha: [deleted]. Corporate leaders step up to put India on global map. Below normal monsoon likely from June to September Skymet: [deleted]. Farm loan waiver is no solution for Indian agriculture In the case of repeated farm loan waivers it makes sense for borrowers to default strategically: [deleted]. After BHIM government to launch Aadhaar Pay: [deleted]. Aadhaar legal tangle Govt can be taken to task for contempt of court experts wonder why SC didnt. Why is nobody not even media talking about finance bill 2017 and its far reaching consequences: The Finance Bill 2017 came along with a number of new legislation and was passed on March 22. One of the new legislation that is not being appreciated is that Income Tax officers can now raid homes without having to provide any reason for it and attach properties only if they have reason to believe that it is undisclosed income. This is a draconian law and can easily be used to inflict losses to a business/person. Can we really trust our income tax officials this much You will now need your Aadhaar card for filing your income tax returns. It will also be mandatory to link your Aadhaar card to your PAN card or the latter will become invalid after July 1 2017. Enough discussion on this topic on reddit/r/india already With the Finance Bill 2017 people can make use of the electoral bonds to donate to political parties anonymously. thats hypocrisy of the government and just not in line with the thought process they are using to link everything with Aadhar The Bill has also removed the cap of how much one or a company can donate to a political party. Again seriously Finance Bill 2017 also brings down the threshold limit of cash payments from Rs 3 lakhs to Rs 2 lakhs. so linked bank accounts phone numbers provide them all the data of my spending and usage no robust cyber security infrastructure in place either Why arent we raising our voice against such hypocrisy of government and undemocratic law that is passed this will change almost everything in times to come Why are all opposition parties mum on the topic and why arent we seeing day long discussions on this important topic by media houses. Centre cuts rural health funds to Gujarat. Gold Loan in cash now restricted to 25000 TaxReturnWala. How children are being getting the hit from recent budget cuts.. GST draft bills tabled in Parliament peg peak rate at 40. As China slows India poised to take its place in growth race: [deleted]. Can India Scrap Aadhar: A poor country cannot afford to scrap a system after spending billions already in it. We have to take the best out of whatever resources we have and Aadhar makes a lot of things easier for governance. Establishing identity has become essential and it is undisputed as an identity proof. Yes a little bit of privacy is lost but thats a first world problem we have far more important concerns than that like lifting millions of poor into middle class. Edit Grammar. Sh. Sitaram Yechurys Remarks The Finance Bill 2017. Nonlegislative Strategies Still Key to Modis Governance Agenda Post Election Gains in Uttar Pradesh. Mulayam Singh Yadav Uttar Pradesh puts brakes on Mulayam Travels Lalu Transport. BirlaSahara case Only an investigation can settle the unanswered questions. That Old 70s Formula. Below normal monsoon likely from June to September Skymet: [deleted]. India lifts ban on bulk export of major edible oils. India lifted the ban on bulk exports of certain edible oils with a view to boosting shipments and promoting the domestic processing industry. Farm loan waiver is no solution for Indian agriculture In the case of repeated farm loan waivers it makes sense for borrowers to default strategically: [deleted]. GDP Grows But Job Security Falls Only 16 Indians Earn Regular Wage. Bad Loan CleanUp It Aint Over Till Its Over. Road construction at 6604 km misses target of 15000 km for FY17. Airtel Vodafone and Idea need to learn from Jio stop fooling customers. GST draft bills tabled in Parliament peg peak rate at 40: [deleted]. Pollution climate change affecting everyone Rajnath Singh: [deleted]. Attempted suicide no longer a crime LS passes Mental Healthcare Bill. Attempt to commit suicide decriminalised after Mental Health Care Bill 2016 is passed in Lok Sabha. Debating the Nuclear Legacy of India and One of Its Great Cold War Strategists. Social Security for all. Great podcast on Aadhaar Privacy Digital India: http//www.seenunseen.in/episodes/2017/3/20/episode10digitalindia by Amit Varma. Guest Devangshu Datta Please listen and share it.. Indian Railways plans to save Rs 41000 Cr in energy embraces solar wind as way ahead. GDP Grows But Job Security Falls Only 16 Indians Earn Regular Wage: [deleted]. Bad Loan CleanUp It Aint Over Till Its Over: [deleted]. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG. Elon Musks Tesla remains unmoved by Indias pitch for manufacturing plant. Finally a health policy for all of India. India is among our top 10 markets YouTubes David Powell. Providing water. Aadhaar to be mandatory for mobile phone verification. Come July your favourite fast food or snack may become too costly for you: [deleted]. GST debate now continues on categorisation of products. Aadhar meant for tracking PDS not prying into activities of others Kapil Sibal in Rajya Sabha. Outrage over crackdown on illegal meat trade is untenable indefensible and immoral: [deleted]. Finance Bill relaxes corporate funding to political parties but is the move really evil. PNC Infratech PNC Infratech wins Rs 2720cr road contract from NHAI in Uttar PradeshMadhya Pradesh. Transport master plan 10 multimodal hubs likely under transport master plan. Indian traffic Study drafts desi rules for road planning. Health car motorcycle insurance premium to go up from April 1. GST Foreign investors to the rescue as inflows help fund India deficit. Mumbai Bank server hacked Rs 1.42cr siphoned off. Monsoon likely to remain below normal for India in 2017 Skymet. TIL Employees of Hindustan Cables collected salary until 2016 for doing nothing on Taxpayer expense though production stopped in 2003. Total cost to the exchequer for maintaining this socialist monster ran into thousand of crores.: Source https//en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HindustanCables http//indianexpress.com/article/business/companies/cabinetokaysrs47kcrorepackageforhindustancableslimitedsclosure3054672/ . Government cannot make Aadhaar mandatory for extending benefits of its welfare schemes SC: [deleted]. Maharashtra Mundhes transfer raises questions. Foreign Investment Pours In Will Help Bridge Current Account Deficit. As UNHRC Session Draws to a Close Heres How India Voted on Key Resolutions. From plate to plough Development with cow. Government cant make Aadhaar mandatory for extending benefits of its welfare schemes Supreme Court. 9.29 Lakh Didnt Respond To Tax Departments Queries Action Will Be Taken Arun Jaitley. Filing IT returns Singlepage form for income up to Rs 50 lakh. G20 leaders to discuss finance and economic policy on the ghats of Varanasi. Cash Transaction Charge A new levy TaxReturnWala. Bad Loan CleanUp It Aint Over Till Its Over: [deleted]. India is among our top 10 markets YouTubes David Powell: [deleted]. India Now The Third Largest Aviation Market In Domestic Traffic: [deleted]. European Union agency has recommended suspension of more than 300 drugs tested by Indian firm: [deleted]. Nandan Nilekani hits out at Aadhaar critics. Indias PSU losses up 55 in a year as red ink spreads to SAIL BHEL. Indias Ridiculous Idea Of A 25 Import Duty On Chana Or Chickpeas. The long list of Aadhaar linked schemes. Birth Death Certificates to Be Linked With Aadhaar Card Haryana Govenrment [2015]. From April 1 Aadhar based attendance must for employees of Haryana gvt aided colleges. Biometric attendance system to be mandatory by March 31 in Jammu and Kashmir: [deleted]. Aadhaar is a legal right but the government can suspend a citizens number without prior notice. Over 85 lakh numbers have been deactivated since 2010 without notice and in the absence of proper grievance redressal.. From April 1 Aadhar based attendance must for employees of Haryana govt aided colleges: [deleted]. Aadhaar to be linked with Haj application in UP to bring transparency: [deleted]. In Jharkhand compulsory biometric authentication for rations sends many away emptyhanded. Public Distribution System dealers have strict instructions not to distribute rations without Aadhaarlinked authentication [Feb 17]. Tech troubles thwart plan to digitise Aadhaarlinked PDS scheme in Haryanas Nuh district.. 50000 street children in Delhi to get Aadhaar card in 6 months. Next Aadhaar for kids in orphanages. 10 income tax changes that will come in to effect from April 1. Aadhaar cards seized from Rohingya Muslms in Jammu. Matrimonial site LoveVivah makes Aadhaar sign up mandatory [2016]. Newborns to get Aadhaar birth certificates at hospital. The Aadhaar number given to the newborn would be linked to the numbers of the parents and if they did not have one authorities would also ensure they get enrolled. [2016]. At this temple in Uttarakhand marriages are made by Aadhaar card [2016]. Aadhaar to be linked with caste domicile certificates [2016]. Saying No more to Aadhar surveillance.: Aadhar for mobile numbers driving licenses midday meal are real today. What else could be the last straw when people stop blindly following and start saying No more Flouting the Supreme Court this government has been pushing Aadhar down our throat and this is just the starting. I am not claustrophic but today I feel like one in this country. The walls seem closing and the air feels heavy. I could close my eyes and stop reading the news /r/india and other sources of information. Then I could like any other corporate employee be focused on getting those Rs 30000/month working my ass off to save for the future take maybe a trip or two. Maybe I should start watching those Shape of you dance videos some heart touching videos comment on memes share them with friends and enjoy life like everyone around seems to be doing. Maybe being distracted I might not feel the pain of my freedom being taken away. I can stop writing now but my moral sense of right and wrong does not allow me to. If I stop it would be acceptance of being defeated by liars robbers of our taxes some murderers some rapists. I want to shout to the limit my voice allows that you are being cheated. Everyone is being cheated. When will you fight back You have lost every fight till now. Some you didnt even know of. When will you start resisting You feel a little uneasy and post a facebook status. Some of your friends like it some comment on it. A little resistance and you concede. You have now discussed it for an hour and then you go to your sleep believing you have done your part. All you have to do is tell them you wont cooperate. Tell them in words I wont vote for you. Gandhi jis NonCooperation Movement is known around the world because of its utter simplicity and massive power to uproot oppression. I for a start would not get my mobile number linked to Aadhar. If you too feel the air is heavy stand by me. The PM today urged to talk about depression. Let this post reach him and let him read this Dear PM I am not happy and you are the reason. By writing this post I hope someone will read this and know that not everyone is happy. . Bad Loan CleanUp It Aint Over Till Its Over: [deleted]. Government Rejigs Indirect Tax Body For GST Rollout. India Now The Third Largest Aviation Market In Domestic Traffic: [deleted]. Govt may table GST Bills in Parliament on Monday. More than 30 of Indias youth not in employment shows OECD report. General insurance premium set to go up from April 1. GDP Grows But Job Security Falls Only 16 Indians Earn Regular Wage: [deleted]. Aadhaar to be mandatory for driving licence: [deleted]. How private companies are using Aadhaar to try to deliver better services but theres a catch. They are gathering more information on you. [2016]. The future is here A private company claims it can use Aadhaar to profile people [2016]. Cancer screening process in small town beats healthcare startup in their own game: [deleted]. Karnataka uses Aadhaar to transfer subsidy to 1 million farmers. Donald Trump administration asked to push for F16 sale to India: [deleted]. Bill to decriminalise suicide tabled in LS. Reminder Text of Supreme Court order saying Aadhaar is not and cannot be mandatory. Digitization of ration cards extended to Mar 18 Aadhaar complaints pile up. Aadhaar mandatory for crop insurance schemes in Maharashtra. From April 1 Aadhar based attendance must for employees of Haryana govt aided colleges: [deleted]. Aadhaar is a legal right but the government can suspend a citizens number without prior notice. Over 85 lakh numbers have been deactivated since 2010 without notice and in the absence of proper grievance redressal.: [deleted]. Aadhaar to be mandatory for driving licence: [deleted]. Is Your Aadhar Biometrics Safe Firms Accused Of Storing Biometrics And Using Them Illegally. Aadhaar to be mandatory for driving licence. Finally a health policy for all of India: [deleted]. Aadhaar to be mandatory for mobile phone verification: [deleted]. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG: [deleted]. Indias 1 billion mobile users to reverify with Aadhar card to cost Rs 1000 cr for telcos. Aadhaar to be mandatory for mobile phone verification: [deleted]. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG: [deleted]. Elon Musks Tesla remains unmoved by Indias pitch for manufacturing plant: [deleted]. Come July your favourite fast food or snack may become too costly for you: [deleted]. GST debate now continues on categorisation of products: [deleted].  . India could exceed revised tax target of 17 trillion rupees in 2016/17 Jaitley Reuters. Railways plans 41000 cr savings on energy bill: [deleted]. In West Bengal a project teaching girls how to farm is saving them from trafficking child marriage: [deleted]. GDP up but job security falls Only 16 per cent earn regular wage. Finally a health policy for all of India: [deleted]. Providing water: [deleted]. Aadhaar to be mandatory for mobile phone verification: [deleted]. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG: [deleted]. GST debate now continues on categorisation of products: [deleted]. Government planning to revamp mining licensing regime. GST bills must be passed in current session Arun Jaitley. Want to buy mobile connection Make sure you have your Aadhaar card ready. Sonias RTE Helps ChurchRun Institutions Monopolise Education Its Ill Effects Are Now Showing. Finally a health policy for all of India: [deleted]. Government planning to revamp mining licensing regime: [deleted]. Providing water: [deleted]. OurCottonColonies. Nepal requests India for more electricity: [deleted]. RBIs mobile wallet interoperability faces a few hurdles. The national security case against Aadhar. GST debate now continues on categorisation of products: [deleted]. Finally a health policy for all of India: [deleted]. Government planning to revamp mining licensing regime Centre to release all geological data on mineral reserves next month investors can request licences for areas of their choice after which auctions will be held: [deleted]. Providing water Mints quick take on govts promise to providing tap water on a sustained basis to every household by 2030 a laudable goal but a difficult one: [deleted]. GST debate now continues on categorisation of products: [deleted]. India to seal international boundaries with Pak Bangladesh soon Rajnath. India New Law For Maternity Leave Paid leaves. US Targets More Than 200 Indians For Deportation Says Sushma Swaraj. [Throwback] An important Supreme Court hearing is coming up on Monday Aadhaar Bill being passed as a money bill. Its going to set a precedent for the passage of many future bills in Parliament.. Despite the comparisons Indias Aadhaar project is nothing like Americas Social Security Number. Not much vikas Did the prime ministers record on development and governance impress UP voters. US Targets More Than 200 Indians For Deportation Says Sushma Swaraj. GST debate now continues on categorisation of products: [deleted]. Gujarat 91 farmer suicides in 5 years says govt: [deleted]. Aadhaar or no Aadhaar its not that easy to fool the system: [deleted]. Illegal agencies and operators will be blacklisted and get punishment for up to 3 years UIDAI Chief: [deleted]. The long list of Aadhaar linked schemes: [deleted]. India is among the top most miserable countries in the word. Misery Index is a simple economic indicator that reflects the emotional state of a region.: [deleted]. AADHAAR Aadhaar verification process for phones to start soon task to cost Rs 1000 crore for telcos. The Finance Bill 2017 has given Big Government the most powerful surveillance tool there is. Be scared. Be very very scared.. The end of privacy Aadhaar is being converted into the worlds biggest surveillance engine. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG: [deleted]. US Congressional Caucus working on agenda to push for IndoUS ties Tulsi Gabbard Crosspost r/tulsi. Aadhaar now a must for all mobile phone connections after tax returns PAN: [deleted]. Six states including Rajasthan and Maharashtra line up for pod taxi links: [deleted]. Court declares the rivers Ganga and Yamuna as living people with all legal rights of a living person to save them from massive pollution and save their very existence.. Can someone explain me The Gujarat Model: As a boy living in Gujarat I know Modi won mostly due to his Gujarat Model and though I accept the state is well developed that is bound to happen because of wealthy businessmen staying here and the state is rich compared to others but what exactly is the Gujarat Model. India to become thirdlargest consumer economy by 2025 BCG: [deleted]. No longer a black box Why does the revised Aadhaar Bill allow sharing of identity information: [deleted]. The National Security Case Against Aadhaar: [deleted]. India GDP growth to slow to 6.7 in March quarter Nomura. Why Activists Are Upset With the MuchAwaited HIV/AIDS Bill. The brutal truth about unemployment [Paywall full text in comments]. Indias economy is growing but distress migrations ensure its children are not. Malnutrition is no longer a rural problem with one in three stunted children living in urban areas finds a new IFPRI report.. Chinese Korean Majors Vie to Build Indias Longest Road Bridge. Google India Signs MoU With Telangana to Aid in Digitisation. India GDP growth to slow to 6.7 in March quarter Nomura: [deleted]. Lok Sabha clears Finance Bill 2017 mini reforms package. The Finance Bill 2017 and the reforms package are directed at improving ease of doing business in India and boosting anticorruption initiatives of the NDA. GST bills must be passed in current session Arun Jaitley: [deleted]. All Govt procurement 2 be now made in a transparent manner thru Government Electronic Marketplace GeM 12900 products in 228 categories.: [deleted]. The Beginners Guide To The Annual Budget. The Beginners Guide To The Annual Budget: [deleted]. If you dont have Aadhaar number soon your phone will not work. when PM Modi toking about feature of India Full HD. PAN to lose its validity Aadhaar may replace PAN for individuals in future. 10 most important incometax changes which will apply from April 1. Indias CAD jumps to USD 7.9 billion in Q3. Way to get back on board An Indian rethink on the Belt amp Road Initiative may require a Chinese compromise. FMCG GST and urban consumers offer hope. Minister for Law and Justice Bring Tough Privacy Laws for Indian Citizen data: [deleted]. Four bills for GST roll out will be introduced next week. Bharti AXA Life launches Income Protection Plan. Resolution of NPAs set for radical overhaul FM Arun Jaitley. Aadhaarbased KYC likely across financial sector. NTPC commissions 20 MW capacity at Bhadla solar project. NHAI NHAI working on 5 expressways to decongest Delhi. NHAI Nod to convert 57500 km state highways into NHs Govt. FDI in India see a substantial jump across sectors Nomura. 1.32 crore voice calls to Airtel network failed Reliance Jio data. When hunt for black money in gold took taxmen to a Kolkata slum. Govt state depts expose personal data of millions of Indians. Aadarsh Baalak Aadhar Baalak: [deleted]. GST bills must be passed in current session Arun Jaitley: [deleted]. Govt mulls cap on iron ore prices to aid steel makers but miners worried. 87 lakh job cards removed from MNREGA list. Flipkarts online fashion retail firm Myntra plans to launch a new sales event in April based on high fashion and minimal discount as it seeks shift to fullprice products. Should we all become computer programmers Simple coding may not be enough to make you an AI expert but it can certainly help you do your own job better: [deleted]. India ranks 131 on Human Development Index Norway No.1. Indias Human Development Index score falls 27 due to regional disparities in education health parameters and living standards within the country. Indias current account deficit jumps to 1.4 in December quarter. India ranks 131 on Human Development Index Norway No.1. Indias Human Development Index score falls 27 due to regional disparities in education health parameters and living standards within the country: [deleted]. UIDAI temporarily halts Aadhaar payments by Axis Bank two others. Suvidha Infoserve eMudhra are the other two firms that have come under UIDAI scanner for misuse of biometric data for Aadhaarbased transactions [28th Feb 17]. UIDAI flags unauthorised Aadhaar services by sites apps. UIDAI has asked CERTIn and Google India to act against some websites and mobile apps providing unauthorised Aadhaarrelated services [15th March 17]. Aadhaar Authentication Devices to Get New Encryption Key in June UIDAI. Aadhaar is a legal right but the government can suspend a citizens number without prior notice. Over 85 lakh numbers have been deactivated since 2010 without notice and in the absence of proper grievance redressal.: [deleted]. Broad Bandh On Air With AIB Internet Shutdowns.. India Whats Needed for Sustained Growth. Nothing wrong in making Aadhaar mandatory for PAN IT return Nandan Nilekani. Aadhar Photograph Now Mandatory in Degrees UGC Directs Varsities. Aadhar Pan card and Mobile number mandatory to register vehicles in Tamil Nadu. Government approves Rs 6721 cr National Highway projects in Meghalaya Mizoram. Finance Bill 2017 Youve Just Been Punked. Why India needs a new logistics network An integrated multimodal approach is necessary for reaping the benefits of GST and Make In India. 87 lakh job cards removed from MNREGA list: [deleted]. States lead the way in economic reforms. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Haryana Gujarat and Maharashtra have led the way in making reforms. PSA Lock your Aadhar biometric data to protect whatever privacy you have left: To the poor souls whove got an Aadhar you can stop people from using your card by blocking it https//resident.uidai.net.in/biometriclock. This information came out after our glorious SC asked the AG if they could block it gtSeeking a clarification on the matter that whether the Aadhaar card was necessary as a proof of identification for all government schemes the Supreme Court asked Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi Do you Centre make it a precedent for giving benefits of schemes Do you say that a person will not be put to a disadvantageous position because of lack of Aadhaar The fivejudge Constitution bench was headed by Chief Justice HL Dattu. And the AG responded gtThe making of the card is voluntary. Using the card is voluntary and not only this a card holder can block it too. If a person wants to block the information about him contained in the biometric database he can do it voluntarily and nobody will be able to unblock it. Such information will be locked till he wants Rohatgi retorted. Sources 1 http//www.huffingtonpost.in/2015/10/15/aadhaarcarduserscanblocktheirpersonalbiometricinformatio/ 2 http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indianewsindia/righttoprivacyconcernsaadhaarholdercanblockhisbiometricinfogovttellssupremecourt/ Repost https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5kdkv5/psablockyouraadharcardtopreventany/. Low inflation boosts housing demand. With inflation expected to remain low and rangebound given increased housing affordability and purchasing power the environment is conducive for housing demand to revive. Opposition MPs demand naming Chandigarh airport after Bhagat Singh. Farm Loan Waiver Affects Credit Discipline RBI. India should get a little more creative with its GilgitBaltistan policy ORF. Indias buffalo meat export on edge amid UP govts pledge to shut illegal abattoirs. Why UIDAI and Aadhaar will not be fixing basic issues in the system. 87 lakh job cards removed from MNREGA list: [deleted]. Low inflation boosts housing demand. With inflation expected to remain low and rangebound given increased housing affordability and purchasing power the environment is conducive for housing demand to revive: [deleted]. Why India needs a new logistics network An integrated multimodal approach is necessary for reaping the benefits of GST and Make In India: [deleted]. Narendra Modi govts big fertiliser subsidy roll out in June Here is all you need to know. IT sleuths dug up Rs 21454 crore undisclosed income in two years. CCEA approves North east highway projects widening of Mumbai harbour channel. Indias longest highway tunnel to be inaugurated on April 2. Due to appreciating rupee value and heavy oil imports Soyameal exports feel difficulties. GST Cabinet clears abolition of cesses for GST rollout government to incur Rs 65000crore loss. Prices of key medicines to go up by 2 from Apr 1 Times of India. Arun Jaitley Aadhaar may become the only card in future. Lok Sabha clears Finance Bill 2017 mini reforms package. The Finance Bill 2017 and the reforms package are directed at improving ease of doing business in India and boosting anticorruption initiatives of the NDA: [deleted]. Low inflation boosts housing demand. With inflation expected to remain low and rangebound given increased housing affordability and purchasing power the environment is conducive for housing demand to revive: [deleted]. States lead the way in economic reforms. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Haryana Gujarat and Maharashtra have led the way in making reforms: [deleted]. So it begins BJPs AntiRomeo poll promise turns harsh reality.. States lead the way in economic reforms. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Haryana Gujarat and Maharashtra have led the way in making reforms: [deleted]. SOWING THE SEEDS OF SHORTAGE: [deleted]. PRS Legislative analysis of the Finance Bill which includes making Aadhaar mandatory for filing taxes. There are more dark things.: http//www.prsindia.org/billtrack/thefinancebill20174681/ 1 Aadhaar is mandatory for Filing taxes. 2 Some appellate tribunals who work independently irrespective of govt will be brought under Govt control for member appointments etc. Earlier they work as per their individual tribunal acts. 3 THIS IS HUGE. Baahubali HUGE.. Donations from companies to Political parties are till now limited to 7.5 of their net profit and companies need to disclose in their financial statements mentioning the party name. The limit of 7.5 is now being removed and companies no longer need to give details of party. 4 Cash transactions max limit would be 2 lakh per day . 5 Related to SEBI adjudicating officers can impose penalties now .. Shashi Tharoor meets Pinarayi Vijayan wants Kerala to set example by decriminalising homosexuality. Last year Tharoor had sought to introduce a private members bill seeking decriminalization of homosexuality. However his bid failed twice in Lok Sabha.. Special education programme launched for Kerala transgender community. The state is the first in the country to unveil the Transgender Policy which aims to put a stopper on societal stigma towards the minority community.. States lead the way in economic reforms. In the fourth quarter of 2016 Haryana Gujarat and Maharashtra have led the way in making reforms: [deleted]. Shashi Tharoor meets Pinarayi Vijayan wants Kerala to set example by decriminalising homosexuality. Last year Tharoor had sought to introduce a private members bill seeking decriminalization of homosexuality. However his bid failed twice in Lok Sabha.: [deleted]. Special education programme launched for Kerala transgender community. The state is the first in the country to unveil the Transgender Policy which aims to put a stopper on societal stigma towards the minority community.: [deleted]. Govt nod for 18 new airports costing Rs30000 crore: [deleted]. Balancing speed and perfection in building a worldclass school of economics [Bangalore]. World water day Punjab land of five rivers stares at a water crisis There is no regulation of underground water in a practical manner said Padam Shri awardee and environmentalist Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal who has been a crusader for cleaning polluted water in the state.. Government in talks with key stakeholders on plan to double farm incomes by 2022: [deleted]. Shortage of over 1400 IAS 900 IPS officers in India Govt: [deleted]. Income Of Public Companies Declines By Over 10 In FY16 Survey. As much as I dislike the guy this is really needed throughout the north India. I also hope that Nitish takes a cue from this.. Investors find Mexico most alluring emerging market India worst. For FY17 India may miss target of 610m worth woolen exports. In a first supply for retail space falls in the country: [deleted]. India ranks 131 on Human Development Index Norway No.1. Indias Human Development Index score falls 27 due to regional disparities in education health parameters and living standards within the country: [deleted]. Sahayaks shouldnt be employed for menial tasks Government in Parliament. Rajasthan Doubts cast over Jaipur Metros viability. Internal documents reviewed by Business Standard suggest city may not require a Metro till 2025 [Old] [Oct 2014]. [New Indian Express] Todays big figures. India ranks 131 on Human Development Index Norway No.1.. Bulk drug imports from China drop after govt scraps customs exemption. Air India may offer free WiFi on domestic flights. India ranks 131 on Human Development Index Norway No.1. Indias Human Development Index score falls 27 due to regional disparities in education health parameters and living standards within the country: [deleted]. India ranks 131 on Human Development Index Norway No.1: [deleted]. CBSE unveils new exam format for classes VI to IX Times of India. State government proposes to tweak rent act.. A sad tale of Indias prosperous states Systematic Destruction of Economy of Bengal BiharJharkhand Orissa and Madhya PradeshChhattisgarh. Super expressway 195km super expressway to link Delhi Jaipur. In a first Trump administration to revoke citizenship of PakistaniAmerican. India slips in human development index. 87 lakh job cards removed from MNREGA list. Slowing digital transactions nationwide threatens the Digital India dream. No Need to File IT Returns if no Aadhaar Number: Now this news We need an Aadhaar number to file IT returns http//www.hindustantimes.com/businessnews/nowaadhaaramusttofileincometaxreturnsandapplyforpancard/story71CBEXGGD8yd9iFjUn4oNI.html However Im an NRI and file tax returns in India for income generated in India Im a writer. Ive been doing this online for over 10 years. I dont have an Aadhaar number. According to the bill if I try and file returns without an Aadhaar number it will be invalid and my PAN number will be disabled as well. The Indian government doesnt want my money Theyre essentially telling me If you dont have an Aadhaar number dont bother filing returns So strange... So far Aadhaar was mandatory for GETTING stuff from the government. Pension etc etc. Fine I dont want anything from the government. But now the government wants something from ME. And instead of being grateful theyre making me jump through hoops To the point the Union law minister had said this The scheme is that you must have an Aadhaar. If you dont have an Aadhaar go for Aadhaar. You are being encouraged to take an Aadhaar only if you want to take a benefit of subsidy. Otherwise dont take it. http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/concernsonaadhaarbeforesupremecourthavebeenaddressedravishankarprasad/articleshow/54436933.cms So this is bullshit right. Haryana Gujarat and Maharashtra Leaders of state reforms in Q4 2016. Haryana led the way with six positive policy reforms. Gujarat perhaps spurred by its impending Vibrant Gujarat business summit had three significant reforms. India seeks to jump 40 places in World Banks Doing Business rankings. At least 63 million in India do not have access to clean water: [deleted]. Bengaluru Mumbai Chennai and Delhi are among the cheapest cities worldwide according to a Economist Intelligence Unit ranking. What is the fix for India Indias political leaders should reflect on what Mexicos equally fractious political system managed to achieve and on whether they have it in them to emulate them: [deleted]. Haryana Gujarat and Maharashtra Leaders of state reforms in Q4 2016: [deleted]. Aadhaar now mandatory for filing IT return. Government nod for 18 new airports costing Rs 30000 crore. The News Minute on twitter Aadhaar Card to be made mandatory for filing tax returns and for PAN applications says govt NDTV: [deleted]. SBI merger impact 47 of associate banks offices to shut down. Hindutva slowly taking over Indian society: [deleted]. Indian cities led by Bengaluru among cheapest to live in report. Bengaluru Mumbai Chennai and Delhi are among the cheapest cities worldwide according to a Economist Intelligence Unit ranking: [deleted]. All you want to know about plastic currency notes India could soon see its first currency note printed on plastic instead of paper. Here is more information about it. At 6.3 Crore India Has Largest Population Without Clean Water. Air India may offer free WiFi on domestic flights: [deleted]. RBI Income Tax Acts to be amended for electoral bonds Jaitley says. Trumps foreign policy agenda has strong support in India. No proposal to replace income tax with transaction tax. Top 10 Tech Initiative by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Rs 14.69 crores attached by ED for illegally converting old currency. But PM Modi Said EndMarch Was Deadline For Old Notes Says Supreme Court. Money Bill 2017 will be introduced in Lok Sabha today and you should watch out for the following: Before 2014 elections there was something important happened that could have changed the politics in this country and no it was not mythical IAC crusade against corruption. A bench of Delhi HC had found both BJP and Congress guilty of taking foreign donations and by law they should have been disqualified to run for the 2014 elections. [Source ]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/news/DelhiHCfindsBJPCongressguiltyofreceivingforeignfunding/articleshow/32880140.cmsfrommdr However the band of lawyers hired by both BJP and Congress ensured that the ruling is delayed until Supreme Court said it has had enough [Source ]http//www.indialivetoday.com/supremecourtfasttrackshearingoncaserelatingtoforeignfundingofpoliticalpartiessaynofurtheradjournmentswillbegiven/22600.html Only way left for both BJP and Congress was to change the law called FCRA that makes them guilty. So what do they do They passed a bill to do so which was not picked by BJP funded media or Congress funded media which ever definition suits your worldview [Source ]https//www.newslaundry.com/2016/10/24/fcraandthecongressbjpjugalbandi This was even confirmed by MoS Home Affairs Kiren Rijiju in parliament where he made following statement donations made by such [foreign shareholding] companies to entities including political parties will not attract provisions of the FCRA 2010. [Source ]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/foreignfirmscannowfundparties/article8604763.ece So what happened next The obvious Both BJP amp Congress TOGETHER went fought and won the case. Because by now the law is changed which makes all past crimes legitimate This case was heard during the demonetization period so obviously no one was interested [Source ]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/FCRAviolationCongressBJPwithdrawpleainSC/articleshow/55689585.cmsfrommdr So why I am asking you to read this today Because there is another money bill that will be discussed in parliament today. The bill has following two parts we all must be worried about 1 Once the bill is passed electoral bonds will become a real thing And this will ensure that ANY political party in future will not be questioned by anyone for their donations Ache Din for you know who [Source ]http//www.thehindubusinessline.com/opinion/columns/explainingelectoralbondsinindia/article9524904.ece 2 Second changes in tax laws will mean that you will lose your privilege to enjoy your money amp property. It will place citizens at the mercy of tax officials who may enter your places of business or residences indiscriminately not necessarily to pursue any lawful search objective but possibly also to harass you for unscrupulous personal pecuniary gains. [Source ]https//scroll.in/article/829087/proposedchangestoincometaxactcouldusherineraoftaxterrorism Obviously the electoral bond is likely to be passed without any objections or amendments as it serves all political parties equally and changes in tax law will unlikely see any resistance because the bill is tabled as money bill which means the upper house will have no say in it whatsoever. Banks will take Rs27400 crore hit if BJP sticks to UP farm loan waiver promise SBI. What is GST Everything you need to know about four bills cleared by Union Cabinet. India could strike Pakistan with nuclear weapons if threatened says expert. Mumbai Privilege motion moved against SBI chairman. For India to improve: There are 100s of millions of people in India who cant even Read. and then there are few 100s millions of people who can Read on the outset but Cant understand/remember deep meaning for practical implementation in real life. There are only very few million people in India who are very intelligible to do best things in the world. For India to improve we need to make average indian on the Street more Intelligent Highly productive. for that we need rapid improvements in daily Food intake Education Healthcare thriving Business Institutions Social reform Law amp order etc. presently too many Indians cant Read Eats too little of same thing daily dont have Toilets Healthcare is bismal regressive social engineering follows no rules.. [Old]Time to abolish the MRP. Air India may offer free WiFi on domestic flights: [deleted]. Uttar Pradesh Farm Loan Waiver SBI Report Sees Rs 27400Crore Hit. New Health Policy Promises Tectonic Shift For Public Health Care. Rupee to Surrender Gains From Modis Poll Win If 2014 Is Guide. India seeks to jump 40 places in World Banks Doing Business rankings. Low stagnating female labourforce participation in India. For India to improve: [deleted]. Uttarakhand HC grants river Ganga rights equal to humans. PSAs India road map Vehicles at Indian cost. Adityanath as UP Chief Minister is the Biggest Push Yet for Hindutva Development A clear and decisive narrative of Hindutva as an integral component of the larger economic development project is already out there. Various facets of this will soon unfold.. Employability Report Only 18 graduates are employable in software services. Cabinet clears 4 GST supplementary bills to be placed before Parliament next Times of India. Exclusive RIP MRP Products may not have to bear price stamp soon. US tells India no significant change in H1B visa regime. BJPs great UP farm loan waiver promise moral hazard or necessity. COMCASA Should India Sign: [deleted]. In FY201516 Indian Global Imports More Than 300 Billion USD Trade To Improve With Africa. Per capita debt of India and why it should concern you. IT zeroes in on Mumbai trader in first crackdown after demonetisation. Center Shifts Health Policy Focus from Private to Nongov sector. More realistic method to assess GDP required says Parliamentary panel. India Propertys Migraine Pill. Rupee Jump May Push India Central Bank to Use Rare Cash Tool. India Woos PE Investors to Meet 11 Billion Asset Sale Target: [deleted]. Make parking on footpaths an offence EPCA Times of India. Manohar Parrikar ended up getting tangled up in all the defence deals he tried to unravel: [deleted]. UGC Cuts Funding For Social Discrimination Research Centres Across the Country: [deleted]. Map of Bribery Rates across Asia: [deleted]. Investors Will Now Assume Modis Victory In 2019 CLSAs Chris Wood. Modi most successful leader globally GST to aid growth CLSA. Rape laws A call for change A young woman filed a complaint against her partner that was recorded as a claim of rape. Now shes gone to court to change how the rape law is applied.. India Should Buy More Local Pulses to Boost Output FAO Says. Indian Government Plans To Provide 50 Reservation In PG Medical Courses To Medical Officers Serving Remote Areas. Maharashtra CM Fadnavis Calls On Centre To Share The Burden Of Waiving Off Farm Loans. Performance evaluation of Modi govt.: Can we discuss performace of the current central govt and objectively evaluate their performance of their 3 years in office. Real data will be appreciated as compared to anecdotal evidence. . Your right to be a parent The Surrogacy Regulation Bill 2016 discriminates against unmarried people and LGBT couples. How Indian Railways selects 55 big ideas to get itself back on track. Maharashtra CM Fadnavis Calls On Centre To Share The Burden Of Waiving Off Farm Loans: [deleted]. BSE Woos Big Traders With Revised Transaction Fee. Indian farmer wins train in legal fight with railway. Maternity bill At times we work in the morning and give birth in the evening: [deleted]. Will India Become the Worlds Largest Economy Again. Govt considering FDI relaxation in multibrand retail policy. To dodge liquor ban Chandigarh renames state highways as district roads. No Red Beacon Vehicles For Punjab Ministers Says Capt Amarinder Singh. PM Narendra Modi mulls luring foreign retail for Make in India push. It is time for reverse brain drain to India Mukesh Ambani. Job creation is vital for a new India. Job creation is vital for a new India: [deleted]. This season India to make a record high export of onions. RBI to hold rate cuts in 2017 Economists. Maruti workers unions pledge support for former colleagues: [deleted]. Andhra Pradesh Allocates More Than 20000 Crore For Education In Annual Budget. Unjust Sectarian Funding in Telangana. First branded train to chug ahead on Monday. The new health policy proposes to increase public health spending to 2.5 of the GDP from the current 1.4 in a timebound manner improve life expectancy to 70 years by 2025. Protecting Indias environment If the right development strategy is implemented it is possible to have both economic development and an environment worth living in. Protection for minority educational institute bigger than RTE rights Bombay high court. The Baffling Politics of Paid Maternity Leave in India. State election results to facilitate reforms Moodys. Liquor ban in Bihar not successful Sales of illegal liquor /Crime Rise. NaMo And Jaitley Deserve Bharat Ratnas If They Pull Off GST The Difficult Bits Lie Ahead. Uniforms of Rajasthan government schools get a touch of RSS. If only 3 of the people of India file income tax how can the government provide universal health care or quality skills for the 100 of population: 1 3 file income tax lesser actually pay taxes 2 Yet all 100 are supposed to get universal health care and employable skills 3 Is there any data as to how many people are paying income tax for the first time each year is that number actually growing up 4 States of Gujarat Maharashtra TN AP Telanga Karnataka Punjab Delhi are actually feeding the states like WBBiharUP tripura 5 On the other hand participation in national politics has been more from UPBiharWB. 6 If people use their daughter or wifes or mothers pan card when asked for landlord pan card or opposite how do the expect to have affordable real estate 7 If people spit on road smoke in open throw plastic on road how do they expect universal health care 8 If people vote for politicians who lower quality of high school school education how do they the next generation to have grater skills 9 Why dont we have politicians which dare to say I will make tougher to pass high school It will be hard but will be worth it for kids in long run Not just saying I will increase education budget 10 Why dont we have politicians who say open defecation will be crime and smoking in open shall lead to arrest Not just saying We will increase health budget 11 Instead of promising freebees why dont politicians talk about debt on a state. TBI Blogs How a 4000 Crore Overhaul Is Underway in Indias Courts: [deleted]. Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis to lead delegation to centre over farm loan waivers. The new health policy proposes to increase public health spending to 2.5 of the GDP from the current 1.4 in a timebound manner improve life expectancy to 70 years by 2025: [deleted]. New health policy aims to lift public spending life expectancy: [deleted]. India February exports jump 17.5 imports up 21.8. Can India reduce dependence on fickle monsoon With India on course to overtake China as the worlds most populous nation many see water scarcity as a potential regional flashpoint. Breach of privilege notice against SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya. India Should Buy More Local Pulses to Boost Output FAO Says. Indian Railways to send officers to IITs IIMs for advanced research and studies Mail Today News. Inflation may again play spoilsport in RBIs April 6 review meet. 6 challenges for the new Uttar Pradesh government: [deleted]. Rural demand revival crucial in resolving stressed loans Arundhati Bhattacharya. Narendra Modi armed with fresh mandate revisits economic reform agenda. UP government 6 challenges for the new Uttar Pradesh government. From blank pages to inverted map Delhi govts free textbooks full of errors. State election results to facilitate reforms Moodys: [deleted]. In February Soybean meal exports shine. TaxFreeWings. Nation of origin for immigrant founders of billion dollar startups. India Employment outlook. Indias GDP per capita has nearly quadrupled since the start of the millennium but this chart makes even 10 growth feel too slow to catch up with others.. Return confiscated property Never says Indias government. Union Cabinet approves National Health Policy aimed at affordable healthcare. Strong Indian economy strong rupee. Bumps in the road for IndiaUS trade India is likely to find a Donald Trumpled US a less yielding partner in the quest to reach 500 billion in bilateral trade. Lower crude oil prices are good news for India considering we import a huge portion of our oil requirements. It will lower inflation. National Health Policy Drops Proposal to Make Health a Fundamental Right: [deleted]. Protecting Indias environment If the right development strategy is implemented it is possible to have both economic development and an environment worth living in: [deleted]. India February exports jump 17.5 imports up 21.8: [deleted]. Farmers loans to be waived in UP: [deleted]. No proposal to raise age limit for single women in jobs Government: [deleted]. GST Tobacco products to attract up to 290 cess pan masala at 135: [deleted]. India to Impose Fat Tax on Junk Food. State of States 2016 Why Kerala remains Indias No 1 Tamil Nadu most improved 14112016. Maharashtra Devendra Fadnavis to lead delegation to centre over farm loan waivers: [deleted]. Why Did Maharashtra Spend Less Than Half of Its Budget in 2016: [deleted]. Swamy remembers Indira Gandhi: [deleted]. Farm loan waiver would extend to other states too Maharashtra finance minister. New maternity bill is a trojan horse ORF. GST Regime imperfect but there is time to fix the flaws. Onetime amnesty for projects working without mandatory green clearance: [deleted]. National Health Policy to hike Union healthcare spending to 2.5 of GDP JP Nadda. GST GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Council clears all five draft bills. Union Cabinet approves National Health Policy aimed at affordable healthcare: [deleted]. Ian Greg Chappell call on Adani to abandon coal mine project in Australia. Revised demand notices worth Rs 31000 crores sent to six telcos by Department of Telecom. At Least 64 Children Died Every Day In Madhya Pradesh In 2016 The states Infant Mortality RateIMR is worse than some African nations. The economics of maternity leave. The dark secret behind Indias solar plan to bring power to all. Rupee nears 17month high against US dollar closes up 0.43 against dollar. PepsiCo CocaCola in a bind in droughthit Kerala. Ignoring Pakistans warning India fasttracks Kashmir hydro projects Delhi News. World Banks top economist says Indias controversial ID program should be a model for other nations. The economics of maternity leave: [deleted]. Union Cabinet approves National Health Policy aimed at affordable healthcare: [deleted]. Pakistan shown mirror at UN India says our minorities have been PMs Presidents Bollywood superstars. On groundnut import from India Vietnam puts a ban. Cabinet approves National Health Policy. Union Cabinet approves National Health Policy aimed at affordable healthcare: [deleted]. Rupee nears 17month high against US dollar: [deleted]. The Need For Transparent Pricing Of Bank Services. Troubled waters India fasttracks hydro projects in Kashmir. Andhra Pradesh CM spreads red carpet for Fintech cyber security firms. Theres still hope for Indian IT Trump administration relooks H1B visa rules. By capping movie tickets at Rs 120 Karnataka will stifle the very industry it seeks to revitalise: [deleted]. In a first Karnataka uses Aadhaar to transfer subsidy to one million farmers. Government approves Rs 2147 crore highway project in UP. Government working on appropriate policies for 100 FDI in airline. Regulatory changes planned to enhance protection for online shoppers. India takes lead to run freight train from Dhaka to Istanbul: [deleted]. Indian Railways cements whopping 6000km BangladeshIndiaPakistanTurkey transcontinental train run demo soon. Union Cabinet approves National Health Policy. Govt to convert entire rail network into broad gauge in 5 years Prabhu. Kerala unveils new IT policy aims to create 10 million sq ft of IT/ITeS office space. Kerala new information technology policy targets to generate 250000 jobs in IT and ITenabled Services ITeS sectors. Madras HC exempts minority students from Tamil exam. Madras High Court Exempts 7327 Candidates From Writing Tamil Language Paper: [deleted]. Govt to amend EPFO Act to enable subscribers to buy homes. SBI Farm loan waivers upset credit discipline SBI Chairman. State election results to facilitate reforms Moodys: [deleted]. Why Modi Should Shake Up His Sarkars. Karnataka Budget 2017 Highlights: [deleted]. A successful India is good for the world It will have a huge impact in achieving global goals such as addressing climate change and overcoming communicable diseases. CBSE Makes Vocational Subject Compulsory for Class 10 A Big Move for Skill India Movement. Modi just saved a failing plan by making you cashless. Read how: [deleted]. Wholesale Inflation Surges To Its Highest In More Than Three Years. A successful India is good for the world It will have a huge impact in achieving global goals such as addressing climate change and overcoming communicable diseases: [deleted]. The economics of maternity leave: [deleted]. [NP] Kerala becomes 1st state to declare Internet as basic right announces free wifi for 20 lakh citizens. Why Modi Should Shake Up His Sarkars: [deleted]. Where Modis Recycled Gold Plan Fails His Cash Ban Succeeds. PM Hopeful Of Breakthrough On GST Bill In Budget Session. Wholesale Inflation Surges To Its Highest In More Than Three Years: [deleted]. Indias BadDebt Mountain Hangs Over Politically Recharged Modi. India becomes 2017s bestperforming market after BJP win. Indias wholesale inflation rises to 6.5 in February highest since November 2013. Marathwada Over 117 farmers kill themselves in two months of 2017 Oppn demands loan waiver. Centre okays rebranding of Mumbai Metro stations. How can Microsoft compete with Facebook and Google in India. Internal security straining economy: [deleted]. Taiwan South Korea exports take off India Exports stagnate. No Make In India. Indias top 50 cities have seen huge spurt in consumption EY report. Narendra Modis historic chance to reshape Indias economy. Black money IT prosecution action triples this fiscal. Modi may intensify drive against black money hoarders after BJP sweep in Uttar Pradesh elections says BofAML. After Modi win India Inc hopes for speedy development. UP victory gives BJP and India chance of 7 years of stability. Telcos unhappy with Trais recommendation of independent body for consumer complaints. PM Hopeful Of Breakthrough On GST Bill In Budget Session: [deleted]. Wholesale Inflation Surges To Its Highest In More Than Three Years: [deleted]. last years riots regarding Cauvery Water. What steps has the government taken this year to prevent same from happening.: The drought is already hitting the south and the weather is going to get hotter.. Modis Chance to Reshape Indias Economy. India WPI Rises The Most In Over 3 Years. A more perfect union. Presentday India is not as different from the antebellum US as we might comfort ourselves into believing. BSNL to install 28000 mobile base stations start 4G in FY18. Nifty Soars To Record High On BJPs Poll Wins Rupee Near 1Year Peak 10 Facts. Nifty hits record 9123 after huge Modi victory in UP elections. Delhi Government To Pay Bills For Acid Attack Road Accident Victims In Private Hospitals. A more perfect union. Presentday India is not as different from the antebellum US as we might comfort ourselves into believing: [deleted]. BSNL to install 28000 mobile base stations start 4G in FY18: [deleted]. A more perfect union. Presentday India is not as different from the antebellum US as we might comfort ourselves into believing: [deleted]. BSNL to install 28000 mobile base stations start 4G in FY18: [deleted]. States debt crisis set to worsen as repayment burden looms. New enemy property law unfairly targets Muslims analysts say. Taiwan South Korea exports take off India Exports stagnate. No Make In India: [deleted]. Doubts about Indias economic fate are rising as Narendra Modis power grows. Read why. Why the laptops in India so expensive compared to other countries: If you compare the same model with a shop in US or another country you will find out that the laptops here are very expensive almost 1030k more than the US price. Even if you order it from there the customs will eat you up and the price would end up getting equivalent to that in India. Seriously I hate such tax system in India . Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app. [AskIndia] What happened to real estate bill that was passed last year: There was a real estate bill passed last year which would stop malpractice of super built up area by builders. But nothing seems to have happened so far. Builder lobby is one of the most corrupt in India and it is ridiculous how they are charging whatever they want. For example in my city the extra charges after purchase price has increased to 10Lacs per flat which used to be 3 lacs per flat. . Taiwan South Korea exports take off No MakeInIndia: [deleted]. New White House strategist an avid reader of Gita wants close ties with India. A more perfect union. Presentday India is not as different from the antebellum US as we might comfort ourselves into believing: [deleted]. Govt may build dedicated road corridors for electric trucks: [deleted]. The missing MadeinIndia tag on our guns and jets A country of Indias size economy and strategic importance does not deserve to be the worlds largest arms importer: [deleted]. After Modi win India Inc hopes for speedy development. Greatest Dange To Indian Republic. US Japan using India to contain China Chinese media Times of India. Increase in Haj quota benefits all states 170025 people will go to Haj pilgrimage in 2017. Department of Consumer Affairs issues an advisory to the State Governments on Levy of Service Charge by Hotels. From the land of the free and the home of the brave. India gold recycling plan fails to tempt households. Free WiFi has been provided to 115 stations and 50 lakh passengers are using it says railways minister. Climate Refugees in India A Growing Concern: [deleted]. Anyone else feels like data.gov.in is a joke: They dont share raw data at all most datasets only include summary of processed data of 110KB containing averages and overall numbers. I dont think they know what open data platform means. am I missing something here For comparision here is how they share crime data https//data.gov.in/sites/default/files/datafile/CAC20141.csv https//data.gov.in/catalog/crimeindia2000 vs. how city of chicago shared data https//data.cityofchicago.org/PublicSafety/Crimes2001topresent/ijzpq8t2. Why Uttar Pradesh and 11 March matter If Uttar Pradesh continues to remain a laggard state the consequences will be felt by the bestperforming states as well. Why Uttar Pradesh and 11 March matter: [deleted]. India Modis Way. AntiNationalist Preet Bharara Fired: [deleted]. India will achieve 8 growth next year despite demonetisation oil minister. radical Economic Reforms possible: [deleted]. Net Indirect Tax collection upto February 2017 stood at Rs 7.72 lakh crore 22.2 more than the corresponding period last year. You have to pay more for cash withdrawals. SBI also joined the club now.. Accident burn victims to be treated on Delhi govts expense at pvt hospitals. Delhi govt to include bananas eggs in midday meals. Earmarking Rs 55 crore in its annual budget for the midday meal scheme the Delhi Government has also planned to expand its coverage to all students of class IX to XII in girls schools.: [deleted]. Prepare more realistic Budget estimates CAG tells Delhi government. Ambedkar is Losing Modi is Winning. CAG raps Air India for understating losses Air India sold five Boeing 777200 LR aircraft to Etihad Airways at a lower price and significantly understated its losses the CAG report said. Stateowned carrier Air India understated losses CAG. Does Anyone Know About this Website. Startup India Policies abound but limited impact on ground. Delhi economy booms per capita income rises. Make information of MRP of each pay channel public TRAI to distributors. Every establishment with 50 or more employees will have to provide for crche facility within a prescribed distance.MaternityBill. OpeForge Government of Indias platform for open collaborative software development. Indias Ridiculous Telecom Promotion Limitations To Protect Government Revenue. Indias 50 Unemployment Drop Is From Government Make Work Schemes Not Actual Job Creation. State governments are stifling innovation in public transport. Children Bank of India Now ICICI ATM gives fake Rs 2000 notes in Delhi. Saibaba conviction How a draconian law has turned mere thought into crime. The Unlawful Activities Prevention Act removes the distinction between belief and action criminalising speech and thought as terror.. Karnataka has Rs 10 crore for women entrepreneurs. Study Finds India Is Asias Most Corrupt Country While Japan Comes In Last. Uber Ola Fares Will Be Regulated Decides Maharashtra Government. Compassion International is religious NGO and the proof is their entire website: Do have a look at [Compassion International website]https//www.compassion.com/ It is filled with religious messages quotes slogans mission statements statement of faith etc. I will list some of the religious messages I found on their site see below. Given the website mission statement and a statement of faith section I dont see how Compassion InternationalCI is not a religious organisation. Its mission objectives activities all show evangelicalism explicitly and implicitly. I dont understand how CI can claim to not be a religious NGO. On top of it I am quite suprised [NYT article]https//www.nytimes.com/2017/03/07/world/asia/compassioninternationalchristiancharityclosingindia.htmlr0 does not even touch on the topic of whether CI is religious or not. My hope is that GoI sticks to its stand The law is clear and there is no scope for a negotiated settlement CI has to register as a religious NGO. List of religious statements on CI website 1 [Banner states Releasing children from poverty Compassion in Jesuss name]http//imgur.com/dFteYm4 2 On their home page their second request for donation is [Every child should know the love of god. Give a bible to a child living in Poverty]http//imgur.com/ccsMGgc 3 [About us]https//www.compassion.com/about/aboutus.htm section in bold heading [Releasing Children From Poverty in Jesus Name]http//imgur.com/ODhxbwW 4 [Mission Statement]https//www.compassion.com/missionstatement.htm clearly states their evangelical mission their desire to spread and propagate Christianity spread gospel commitment to Christian holism gt Releasing children from poverty in Jesus name In response to the Great Commission Compassion International exists as an advocate for children to release them from their spiritual economic social and physical poverty and enable them to become responsible and fulfilled Christian adults. gt Our Mission Statement Expanded and Explained gt In response to the Great Commission gt In response to the Great Commission makes it abundantly clear that we are not only a social ministry but also a ministry committed to evangelism and discipleship. ... gt However the opening phrase of our mission statement makes it clear that we are also a Great Commission ministry that we are engaged in the proclamation of the Gospel and also align ourselves with Christian mission organizations. gtThe strength of our commitment to Christian holism to the demonstration and the proclamation of the Gospel makes us unique among major child sponsorship organizations. ... gt enable them to become responsible and fulfilled Christian adults. gt Embedded in our mission statement is a bold claim for longterm impact. This usually cannot be measured until many years after our programmatic interventions are completed. And yet it is important that everyone involved in our mission understands what we are working toward. gt Our desire for children in poverty to become responsible and fulfilled Christian adults is not much different from the desire that all Christian parents have for their own children. gt But in the same way that the best resourced parents cant guarantee their own children will develop into responsible and fulfilled Christian adults we cannot guarantee that the children in our programs will achieve this goal. 5 Our Statement of Faith gt We Believe gt...in the Holy Scriptures as originally given by God divinely inspired infallible entirely trustworthy and the supreme authority in all matters of faith and conduct... gt One God eternally existent in three persons Father Son and Holy Spirit gtOur Lord Jesus Christ God manifest in the flesh His virgin birth His sinless human life His divine miracles His vicarious and atoning death His bodily resurrection His ascension His mediatorial work and His Personal return in power and glory... gtThe Salvation of lost and sinful man through the shed blood of the Lord Jesus Christ by faith apart from works and regeneration by the Holy Spirit... gtThe Holy Spirit by whose indwelling the believer is enabled to live a holy life to witness and work for the Lord Jesus Christ... gtThe Unity of the Spirit of all true believers the Church the Body of Christ gtThe Resurrection of both the saved and the lost they that are saved unto the resurrection of life they that are lost unto the resurrection of damnation. 6 Leadership principles gtWe aspire to be more like our Savior Jesus Christ in who we are and what we do. gt We are called as stewards of the ministry of Compassion International and are fully dedicated to the following principles. One of them includes gt Commit to a Local Church We actively commit to a local gathering of believers and submit to both the blessings and correction it can offer. Let us not give up meeting together... Hebrews 1025 Edit 1 Providing links to some [screenshots of CI website]http//imgur.com/gallery/LoFZ7 . Centre issues draft rules on ewallet payments. Gujarat After 21 years General Motors to exit Halol plant in April. MicromanagerinChief Narendra Modi Upends How India Is Run. Digital payments decline as cash returns shows RBI data: [deleted]. Jamsetji Tata The Make In India pioneer: [deleted]. Indias Modi meets with Toyota Suzuki chiefs. RBI will issue new Rs 10 notes old ones to remain valid too. Women in India will now get 26 weeks of maternity leave instead of just 12. U.S. wants PhDs and not midlevel workers under H1B Senator. Parliament Passes Bill To Raise Maternity Leave To 26 Weeks: [deleted]. Govt rules out privatisation of Air India. India is a much more Entrepreneurial Society than the United States and thats a problem. Why India needs to indigenise defence production. SBI justifies penalty says need money to bear Jan Dhan costs. More trouble for Indians Donald Trump may stop spouses of H1B visa holders from working: [deleted]. The Big Reform India Needs Most. The art and science of potholes. India and the world Foreign policy in the age of Modi. Maternity Benefit Bill 2016 pdf. Indias Marginal Revolution How Economic Reform changed India amp what more needs to be done.. Remove condom ads featuring Sunny Leone from buses Goa State Commission for Women. Working Paper Trade Policy Reform in India Since 1991. Indian women generate a mere 17 of share of GDP amp account for 24 of labour force. India could add 60 to 2025 GDP by bridging gender gap.. [P] [RANT] Pan card application stuck for past 35: I am starting a new startup based in Gujarat and we have everything ready for the launch from past 1 month. We need a bank account in order to send out payments to our vendors and accept payments. Need a Pan card to open a bank account. Fuckers havent issued us a pan card yet. Digital India my ass. They dont even have a online System to issue a Pan card. You have to send the physical documents to them and they will take years to verify those. We are registered as Pvt. ltd. company so all the Directors have a Digital signature. How hard is to Issue a pan card based on online Forms signed via Digital signatures. If you can form a Pvt. ltd. company online without a single paper work it shouldnt be so hard to issue a pan card /Rant Edit Sorry for the title. Cant edit it now. Its 35 days.. List of government schemes where Aadhar is compulsory: Lets make a list. I will edit if you add credible sources in comments. Official circulars/notifications are preferred over media articles. 1. [Employees Pension Scheme]http//pib.nic.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid158473 2. [Beneficiaries of National Food Security Act]http//pib.nic.in/newsite/mbErel.aspxrelid158329 3. [MNREGA]http//nrega.nic.in/netnrega/writereaddata/Circulars/2001173479.pdf 4. [Micro Small Medium Enterprise Udyog Aadhar Scheme]http//udyogaadhaar.gov.in/Web/doc/Revised20notification20of20Udyog20Aadhaar20Memorandum.pdf 5. [Revised Integrated Housing Scheme for workers in Beedi/Iron Ore Mines Manganese Ore Mines amp Chrome Ore Mines Limestone Ore Mines Dolomite Ore Mines Mica Mines and Cine Industries registered with Labour Welfare Organization]http//labour.gov.in/sites/default/files/RIHS20161.pdf 6. [Crop Insurance Policies]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174076.pdf Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana PMFBY and Restructured Weather based Crop Insurance Scheme RWBCIS 7. [NHB CDB amp CIH Horticulture Apprenticeship]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174111.pdf 8. [Janani Suraksha Yojana]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174130.pdf safe delivery for safe motherhood scheme 9. Various Integrated Child Development programs 1. [Integrated Child Development Services \ICDS\ Scheme \[Anganwadi Services\]]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION2020ICDS2020SNP202620HONORARIUM.pdf 2. [Integrated Child Development Services Training Programme \ICDS Training\]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION2020ICDS2020TRAINING0.pdf 3. [ICDS Scheme for Adolescent Girls]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION20SABLA.pdf includes Nutrition cooked meals ration etc. and Non Nutrition health family welfare skill training etc. 4. Note the government is trying to [give a different spin]http//pib.nic.in/newsite/PrintRelease.aspxrelid159011 on this. Basically they are saying it is not mandatory because we are not denying now conveniently leaving out all beneficiaries have to make an Aadhar application in the next 36 months 10. [National Mission for Empowerment of Women \NMEW\]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATON20NMEW.pdf 11. [Maternity Benefit Program \MBP\]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION20MATERNITY20BENEFIT20PROGRAM.pdf 12. [Integrated Child Protection Scheme \ICPS\]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION20ICPS20SALARY20OF20STAFF.pdf 13. [Rashtriya Mahila Kosh]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION20RASHTRIYA20MAHILA20KOSH.pdf 14. [Swadhar Greh Scheme]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION20PEW2020SWDHAR.pdf which targets the women victims of unfortunate circumstances who are in need of institutional support for rehabilitation 15. [Support to Training and Employment \STEP\ Scheme for Women]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION2020PEWSTEP.pdf 16. [Protection and Empowerment of Women \PEW\ Ujjwala Scheme]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATIONUJJAWALA.pdf 17. [National Crech Scheme for Supplementary Women and National Creche Scheme for payment of honorarium to Creche Workers and Creche Helpers]http//wcd.nic.in/sites/default/files/NOTIFICATION20CRECHE20SNP20AND20HONORARIUM.pdf 18. [Department of Personnel Training]http//www.egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174165.pdf Conduct of Yoga Classes at Grih Kalyan Kendras Annual Grant to Grih Kalyan Kendras Assistance for come and play scheme Coaching Academies and summer camps by the Central Civil Services Cultural and Sports Board 19. [Swacch Bharat Gramin scheme for construction of household toilets]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174266.pdf 20. [National Means CumMerit Scholarship Scheme NMMSS]http//www.egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174187.pdf 21. [Central Scheme of Scholarship for College and University Students]http//www.egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174197.pdf 22. [Soil Health Card Scheme and Soil Health Management Scheme]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174303.pdf 23. [Beneficiaries of subsidised food grains or Cash Transfer of Food Subsidy under NFSA]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174131.pdf 24. [Benefits under National Social Assistance Program]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174433.pdf 25. [Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana National Rural Livelihoods Mission]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174410.pdf 26. Beneficiaries under SC/ST/OBC Schemes 1. Implementation of Protection of Civl Rights Act 2. ST Prevention of Atrocities Act including intercaste marriage 3. Voluntary organizations scheme for welfare of SC 4. ... and so many other schemes 27. [Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Scheme]http//ssashagun.nic.in/docs/SSAAADHAR.pdf for Children with disabilities 28. Students with Disabilities National Health Mission as Accredited Social Activists Support to NGOs for Adult Education and Skill Development Receiving Scholarships National Action Plan for Skilled Training 29. [National Awards Scheme for Technology Innovation in Petrochemicals and Downstream Plastics Processing Industry]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174621.pdf 30. [Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojana for LPG Connections]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174618.pdf 31. [Benefits under Bonded Labor Rehabilitation Scheme]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174622.pdf 32. [Army Navy Airforce Pensions]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174639.pdf 33. [National Water Mission]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174611.pdf 34. [Journalist Welfare Scheme]http//mib.nic.in/writereaddata/documents/NotificationDBT.pdf 35. [Bhopal Gas Leak Disaster Claims]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174626.pdf 36. [Mid Day Meal Scheme]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174505.pdf 37. [Saakshar Bharat Scheme]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174524.pdf Centrally Sponsored Scheme of Adult Education and Skill Development 38. [Rashstriya Madhyamaik Shiksha Abhiyaan]http//egazette.nic.in/WriteReadData/2017/174479.pdf There are [so many]http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/mandatoryforscholarshipsbutnotpassportallyouneedtoknowaboutaadhaar/story19qjXGA2W98xgILW8TfvjI.html [others]http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/aadhaarmandatoryforthreedozenschemesnow50moresoon/articleshow/57482567.cms too. [Why can the government do it]https//www.newslaundry.com/2016/09/27/theaadhaaractwhyyoushouldpanic Can not find the circulars/notifications on the official website. IF you do please post it in the comments I will update it. No source but some media reports. If you find credible media reports please post it in the comments I will update. Website outdated but notifications found elsewhere PS Also if I see pedants commenting that it is proposed or planned and they have time you will get a piece of my mind. Stay away if you want to have pedantic academic arguments.. India May Mandate Using Local Steel in Government Infrastructure Projects. Assocham recommends universal basic income for women. Government says no one should be deprived of benefits because of lack of an Aadhaar card. Aadhaar Pay app benefits shoppers and merchants as there are no transactions charges. Startup India Policies abound but limited impact on ground: [deleted]. Indian women generate a mere 17 of share of GDP amp account for 24 of labour force. India could add 60 to 2025 GDP by bridging gender gap.: [deleted]. Maharashtra Assembly adjourned for the day amid uproar on loan waiver. Why Minimum Wage Is Bad For The Poor As Well As The Economy. Budget Session 2017 What to expect from second leg. Delhi Finance Minister .msisodia presents First OutcomeDelhiBudget which will Monitor Public Spending. Indias manufacturing opportunity There is a considerable gap between Indias manufacturing potential and its realization. Centre may pay your rent through vouchers soon in 100 cities. Delhi govt extends midday meal scheme for girls up to class 12. In Delhi there are around 1000 governmentrun schools with 16 lakh students in them.. Delhi budget Air travel to get cheaper AAP govt cuts tax on air turbine fuel. AAP to give more representation to women in Gurgaon civic polls. AAP Delhi Budget No fund allocated for WiFi mohalla sabhas. Related Party Transaction Understanding Section 188 of the Companies Act 2013. Government in talks with 300 companies to attract 62 billion investment. Centre may pay your rent through vouchers soon in 100 cities: [deleted]. Men in India earn 67 more than women Accenture. Indias manufacturing opportunity There is a considerable gap between Indias manufacturing potential and its realization: [deleted]. Indias manufacturing opportunity: [deleted]. Narendra Modi calls for blue revolution along Indias coastline: [deleted]. Narendra Modi calls for blue revolution along Indias coastline PM announced plans to develop smart city around Kandla port in Gujarat. Cities are the starved engines of Indias growth. Apki Khabar Apka Fayda IDFC bank launches payment system through aadhar pay. View Indias big brother may be getting a bit too big. Centre may pay your rent through vouchers soon in 100 cities: [deleted]. Men in India earn 67 more than women Accenture: [deleted]. Govt WB redress cell for missionary schools. VAT Reduction means cheaper flights to Delhi. Google Tax could soon make even downloading apps on your smartphone a costly affair: [deleted]. The current affairs/public policy online magazine Pragati is back. On Womens Day AAP govt reduces tax on sanitary napkins: [deleted]. International Womens Day The excellence of Indian woman fund managers isnt enough to break glass ceilings: [deleted]. In the Fight for Gender Equality We Must First Fill the Gaps in Data: [deleted]. SBI Justifies Penalty On Minimum Balance Says It Needs Money To Bear JanDhan Costs. TN Pepsi/coke Ban Why Swadesi minded BJP is against it: Tamil nadu traders association banned coke and pepsi from selling in shops. These are fizzy drinks manufactured using indian raw material and sold here. As we all know these drinks cost few paise to make and sold for 50 rs or 100 rs. Most of the money are profits and go to America. Banning them is right from Swadesi point of view. But union minister is against it. Modiji talks to pepsi ceo... Raises questions on legitimacy bjp and fringe groups that support bjp.. Delhi Budget Focus Remains On Health Education No New Tax: [deleted]. Government in talks with 300 companies to attract 62 billion investment: [deleted]. Delhi budget On womens day AAP govt cuts tax on sanitary pads DCW gets more money: [deleted]. Govt assures extending welfare scheme benefits to those without Aadhaar card. Indias twin balancesheet problem. News in Numbers Median gross hourly salary of women in India is Rs259.8. In other news 2 paise is the rate for one megabyte of data WiFi at local public hotspots as proposed by Trai the telecom regulator. News in Numbers Median gross hourly salary of women in India is Rs259.8: [deleted]. Indias Big Brother May Be Getting Too Big: [deleted]. India may mandate use of local steel for 59 billion infrastructure spend. Why PowerRich UP Remains In Thrall Of A Great Darkness. A survey released recently released by the National Family Health Survey NFHS 4 shows that more than 58 of all children in India under the age of 5 years are anaemic i.e suffer from a low quantity of haemoglobin in the blood.. As India runs out of livesaving drugs children living with HIV write letter to PM Modi. Indias children are eating well enough to grow taller but not to put on necessary weight. The quality and quantity of food that many of Indias children get is not good enough.. Flats in Lucknow Worthwhile If You are Interested. Centre hikes immediate assistance for bonded labour to Rs 20000. To UAE Indian Gold Jewellery Exports Fall By 56 In January. Karnataka looks to develop satellite cities to decongest Bengaluru: [deleted]. Karnataka launches dashboard to bring about transparency in governance: [deleted]. Startup India Lots of policies and not much evidence its helpful: [deleted]. Women in India earn 25 per cent less than men Survey: [deleted]. Delhi economy booms per capita income rises: [deleted]. Make information of MRP of each pay channel public TRAI to distributors: [deleted]. Another disgruntled jawan uploads video criticises Sahayak system. Maharashtra Farmers Throw Onions Daal Outside State Assembly. Govt imposing UP Guj model of growth on Goa say greens. Official service charges list from SBI website wef from 01042017: PDF link https//www.sbi.co.in/portal/documents/28392/54637/SBIsiteuploadServiceChargeswef01.04.2017.pdf/0ec3339b20af4a9db805219aef520425 Site link https//www.sbi.co.in/portal/web/services/servicescharges0142017 Most charges increased including AMC for debit cards also increased by 25/. The lawmakers we need: [deleted]. Aadhaar payment Forget debit and credit cards now pay bills with your thumb. Major Christian Charity Is Closing India Operations Amid a Crackdown. Major Christian Charity Is Closing India Operations Amid a Crackdown. Benefits wont be stopped for lack of Aadhaar says Centre. India needs more reform before its a buyandhold investment. No aid for Bhopal Gas victims workers rescued from bonded labour unless they have Aadhaar number. India may mandate use of local steel for 59 billion infrastructure spend: [deleted]. Its time to really pull up Indias outofcontrol banks. Modis mega startup snag Why in a year only one business got money from Rs 10k crore fund. Narendra Modi Inflation under control GDP unhurt by note ban Narendra Modi. Indian State of Kerala Saves 300 Crore Each Year By Using Free And Open Source Software [np]. Trai puts down measures to ensure transparency for cable TV subscribers. Trai proposes WiFi at a price of 2 paise per MB or Rs 20 per GB. Telangana Govt. Says It Has No Money For Farmers But It Has Crores For Gods amp MLAs. Status of minority rights of Hindus and tribal religions in states of Bharat with nonHindu majority Part 1. India doesnt know what to do with all its young people. Switzerland Canada And UK Are The Best Countries In The World India Ranks 25th. No MidDay Meals For School Children Without Aadhar Cards. Stamp duty on affordable homes may be abolished. December Quarter GDP Growth Surprising Says Fitch: [deleted]. Has India Quietly Launched 1.2 Billion People Into The Subscription Economy: [deleted]. India beats China in export growth of locally made retail lifestyle products: [deleted]. Using Economic Survey 201617 to gauge demonetisation impact on GDP growth Applying the Economic Surveys methods we find from CSOs data that demonetisation has actually boosted both GDP and GVA nominal growth in 201617. December Quarter GDP Growth Surprising Says Fitch: [deleted]. Why no action against attacking strangers with water balloons: When we made moves to prevent animal cruelty by banning jallikattu and bullock cart racing to preempt damage to ecology by banning plaster of Paris idols protect the serenity of our cities by banning loudspeakers during Ganeshotsav why not prevent cruelty to human beings by taking strict action against attacking strangers with water balloons or dangerous chemical colors during Holi. Now Airports Hotels Malls Will Have To Sell Mineral Water Bottles At MRP Consumer Affairs Minister. Party on in Gurgaon Bars restaurants along highways in Haryana can sell liquor. If banks insist on minimum balance people will keep money at home Naidu. Railways has sanctioned projects worth Rs 13500 crore for North East. Govt to consider five proposals on March 8 for setting up new SEZs. central eng service Cabinet nod to cadre review of Central Eng Service Road. Note ban impact on GDP may be seen this quarter RBI Deputy Governor Viral Acharya. Make information of MRP of each pay channel public TRAI to distributors: [deleted]. Will make UP the manufacturing hub of the world Rahul Gandhi. Delhi economy booms per capita income rises: [deleted]. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy: [deleted]. Narendra Modi Cabinet clears 5 pacts All you want to know. Oppn leaders want full loan waiver for Maha farmers. TRAI caps cable bill at Rs 130 for 100 FTA channels: [deleted]. SBI to hike minimum balance for savings a/c hit 31 cr people. Sensex closes up 216 points Nifty 0.74 higher on hopes of BJPs win in UP polls. Aadhar data fully safe and secure says UIDAI. Narendra Modi must work harder to fulfil Indias potential If he is bold enough to try demonetisation there are bigger challenges: [deleted]. What New Delhis free clinics can teach America about fixing its broken health care system. India can Make in India but will probably never catch up with China. Narendra Modi must work harder to fulfil Indias potential. Women in India earn 25 per cent less than men Survey. India will soon have its own liveability index. Its official Dharamshala is second capital of Himachal Pradesh. Easier To Do Business In India But Country Still Among Worst Performers: [deleted]. GST And Indirect Taxes and Cesses.Whats the actual picture: OK the seventh schedule distributes rights to make the laws regarding taxation between center and states.And the government cannot impose any new tax without passing the law.So all the new taxes and cess have names.Now GST is going to subsume various Taxes and cess.In regards to this i have multiple very important questions.[QC tag is for question clarity because i found it since my birth including entire schooling and college education nobody can answer my actual questions ] 1.What Indirect taxes and cess are under current taxation mechanism/system QC Special focus on all cesses that are there instead of some even if the number of all the cesses amount to more than hundred in number.And i want names not cess under this subject of this schedule which is actually probable case of tax subjection knowing which means nothing if you dont know actual existing cesses. 2.Which taxes among those taxes and cess are going to be subsumed/amalgamated/clubbed under GST QCAgain not in terms of taxes relating to this or that but the actual names of existing tax and cess. 3.Which of them are subsumed in part of which component of GST mechanism QCGoing to be merged into where in gst i.e. IGSTCGST and SGST 4.What non subsumed taxes will be still relevant after GST implementation QCGST has exmption list and goods and services on that list will be levied taxes and cesses under previous model.So question is which cesses and taxes would still be there and in names please ...not in terms of tax relating to this and that I dont understand how anybody who doesnt know what already is there can understand what will be there.I have searched internet and books for three days now everyday i found a new cess that messes my head.For example i knew about Education and Higher Secondary Education CessSwachh Bharat CessKrishi Kalyan CessInfrastructure CessClean Environment Cess but today i came across Oil Industry Development OID cess and i know there is cess on petroleum and tea but i need a clear picture.. In The Third Quarter Of FY2017 Indian Pharma Exports Show An Increase. Supreme Court rejects plea to abort 26weekold foetus with Down Syndrome. Gujarat government buys solar power at Rs 15 per unit from 38 firms. India runs out of lifesaving HIV drug for children: [deleted]. AADHAAR Aadhaar mandatory for three dozen schemes now 50 more soon. To feed UAE India plans special farms infrastructure for export. Just as I have gone all in with UPI and promoted it like crazy to all my friends and relatives SBI does this : gtSBI will charge Rs 15 for SMS alerts per quarter from debit card holders who maintain average quarterly balance of up to Rs 25000 during the three months period. There will be no charge for UPI/ USSD transactions of up to Rs 1000. Its a good lesson though always be a skeptic towards everything the government does they seldom do anything that is good for the public and if they do they very rarely follow up with it Edit link to article http//indiatoday.intoday.in/story/statebankofindiaminimumbalancefinetransactionchargeshike/1/897364.html. Railways to launch integrated app for total travel solutions. Indias first heliport will be a major boost for helicopter industry Jayant Sinha. Cheaper amp simpler UPI apps challenge ewallets. Its been almost 2 years since 66A has been called unconstitutional but the authorities seem to be clueless and booking under the dead law.: So in the [last week of March 15]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/303ork/section66adeclaredunconstitutionalboom/ SC had called [Section 66A of the IT Act]http//indianexpress.com/article/india/indiaothers/explainedarticle66a/ unconstitutional. But still the authorities seem to be clueless and charging under this dead law. Also TIL about [Shreya Singhal the law student on whose efforts 66\A\ was declared unconstitutional]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/303yq4/weshouldthankshreyasinghalthelawstudenton/. Last March two Muslim youths were booked under this section for making offensive comments on Facebook against RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat. gt We dont know how to proceed because we came to know later that the Section 66A was struck down by the SC. We have sent the case details to the district prosecution office incharge of Kotwali Police Station Satish Singh Chouhan told The Indian Express Sunday. gt We arrested him because local RSS cadres were angry about his post and came in large number to register a case said Chouhan. [Source]https//np.reddit.com/r/india/comments/4bbj9s/insulttorsschiefpoliceinafixafterbooking/ As per a [HT report]http//www.hindustantimes.com/indianews/despitescorderthousandsbookedunderscrappedsection66aofitact/storyDisRxFDBJTXvkz6ZW4fRHK.html from Sept. 16 gt There were 575 people still in jail on January 1 2016 twice as many as the 275 in prison when the law was in force a year earlier. In 2015 the courts also convicted accused in 143 cases. No current data is available at this moment. Please comment below if you find it. Now this happened just yesterday. gt Higher Secondary Certificate paper leaked again After Marathi questions of SP exam shared on social media. Two FIRs have been registered in the matter under sections 5 and 6 of the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices at University Board and other specified Exams Act and 66A\a\ of the IT Act said Navi Mumbai Police Commissioner Hemant Nagrale. [Source]http//indianexpress.com/article/cities/mumbai/highersecondarycertificatepaperleakedagainaftermarathiquestionsofspexamsharedonsocialmedia4554729/ . Cashless Hooplah How Indian Banks Want to Bleed Poorest of the Poor. Indias 50 Unemployment Drop Is From Government Make Work Schemes Not Actual Job Creation. Not just midday meals Aadhaar made mandatory for 11 more schemes violating Supreme Court ruling: [deleted]. What you can do with Re 1 in India. We support Hydrocarbon Extraction. Key points of GST Bills Antiprofiteering clause included to pass on tax benefit to consumers and more. India will soon have its own liveability index: [deleted]. Narendra Modi govt set to save Rs 10000 cr as its attempt to link state treasuries almost done. IRDAI proposes up to 50 hike in motor insurance premium. Questioning CSO data is jumping the gun say experts wait for revision. World Bank Invests 1.4 Billion In Maharashtra Urban Trans[p]ort. China must avoid arrogant attitude on Make in India Chinese Media. India will soon have its own liveability index: [deleted]. Trump administration has very positive view of IndoUS ties Jaishankar. What measures is the government taking to stop the yearly air pollution coming from Punjab/Haryana crop burning: The smog from the crop burning chokes the country every year for about 2 weeks. The last major crop burn was around November so its been 34 months a quarter of a year. . Mumbai taxi scheme in place Surge pricing to be curbed fare structure soon. Fadnavis announces draft policy for defence manufacturing eyes 5 bn investment. GST Council Clears Central And Integrated GST Laws Paving The Way For July Rollout. U.S. To Temporarily Suspend Premium Processing Of H1B Visas. Manish Sisodia asks Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to include realty in GST. Gujarat financiers arrest leads to seizure of Rs 4.49 crore in fake notes. After WhatsApp triple talaq two women beaten for not leaving the house in Hyderabad. ASSOCHAM TVGovt. Regulations to follow if people have confidence in Cryptocurrency Suresh Chandra Law Secretary Dept. of Legal Affairs. H1B visa reform to be part of immigration package US to India. As reservoir levels plunge in three states South India braces for more water wars: [deleted]. Agricultural income outside India will be taxable in India. Small restaurants get reprieve under GST govt assures no harassment. India Needs Bad Bank to Clean Up Soured Debt Rating Firms Say: [deleted]. GST Council Clears Central And Integrated GST Laws Paving The Way For July Rollout: [deleted]. Maharashtra Shiv Sena demands transparency in cabinet meetings. The Case for Medical Tourism in India: [deleted]. GST rollout likely on July 1 as Centre states reach consensus on key bills. India will achieve 8 growth despite note ban Oil Minister. July reality for GST Centre states broadly agree on key provisions. U.S. To Temporarily Suspend Premium Processing Of H1B Visas: [deleted]. Indian young people offered progressive advice on sexuality. How Punjabs Fading Prosperity Is Fueling Unemployment And Worker Unrest: [deleted]. PM Narendra Modi Hit at Critics After GDP Surprise: [deleted]. TIL between 201516 India along with Iraq had the highest instances of Internet shutdowns in the world. It cost India 968M 6400 Crores INR in GDP twice as much as the next country Saudi Arabia.: Source https//www.brookings.edu/wpcontent/uploads/2016/10/intenetshutdownsv3.pdf Table 1 and Table 3. Expert Panel Discussion https//www.youtube.com/watchvATGkkS7kuls. TIL between 201516 India had the highest number of Internet shutdowns tied with Iraq. It costs India cost 968M 6400 Crores INR in GDP twice as much as the next country Saudi Arabia.: [deleted]. As local crop estimated to be less India may import more wheat. Centre dithers on Western Ghats issue: [deleted]. Affordable housing gets a shot in arm amid continuing slowdown in property market. How Punjabs Fading Prosperity Is Fueling Unemployment And Worker Unrest: [deleted]. Massive shortfall in construction of houses under prime ministers rural housing scheme. Massive shortfall in construction of houses under prime ministers rural housing scheme The target to construct 10 million houses in the three years beginning 201617 means the government will have to build at least 3.3 million houses a year. Automation impact By 2021 one in four job cuts may be from India. Cheaper amp simpler UPI apps challenge ewallets. CEA Arvind Subramanian wonders whether Air India should exist at all. Is Credit Growth Really That Low In India No Says Nomura: [deleted]. Internet access to be made basic human right in kerala. The Tribal vs development Chhattisgarhs adivasis are seen as the main obstacle to huge private profits. Army to help personnel buy houses without hassles. India may become next country to impose strict guidelines on room aggregators like Oyo Airbnb. Delhi govt takes 8 services of transport department online. This is shameful India will deny children food because they dont have an Aadhaar number: [deleted]. Our ATMs are out of date and its time we ask banks what theyre doing about their security: [deleted]. Bitcoin Can RBI ignore the elephant in the room. Dont have minimum balance in your SBI account Get ready to pay fine from April 1. IT department Benami Act violators to face double whammy of legal action. Need internet to buy PDS rations Go climb a tree. Q3 GDP at 7 How agriculture with a robust output saved the day for Narendra Modi. President Pranab Mukherjee calls for reservation for women in Parliament. Bharti Airtel chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal backs governments proposal to auction spectrum every year. GST Rollout By July 1 As States Centre Resolve Differences Shaktikanta Das: [deleted]. How to break the back of Indias Leftwing ecosystem The most effective way to ensure longterm impairment of Indias entrenched Leftwing ecosystem is to throw open the education market to competition [2016]. Punes wealthy are growing the fastest in the country: [deleted]. Steepest hike in history LPG prices raised by Rs 86 a cylinder. Maharashtra Farmers raise loan waiver chorus. As international prices increase Coffee exports riseg. GDP Database limited more complete information by next year Chief Statistician TCA Anant. GDP Database limited more complete information by next year Chief Statistician TCA Anant: [deleted]. Government looking at more FDI reforms relief for investors in defence telecom and broadcasting: [deleted]. Central government to hire 2.8 lakh staff in a year police IT amp customs to get lions share: [deleted]. GDP growth was creditless moneyless as well as cashless in December quarter. Demonetisation will have positive impact on Indian economy says World Bank CEO. Indian economy projected to grow by over 7.5 this FY President Pranab Mukherjee. GDP growth was creditless moneyless as well as cashless in December quarter: [deleted]. Ambit Says Indias Third Quarter GDP Data A Flight Of Fantasy: [deleted]. Indias first heliport will be a major boost for helicopter industry Jayant Sinha: [deleted]. Railways to launch integrated app for total travel solutions: [deleted]. PwC India launches GST app for providing insights and latest updates. GDP growth was creditless moneyless as well as cashless in December quarter: [deleted]. Soon Aadhaar will be must for booking train tickets online: [deleted]. Ambit Says Indias Third Quarter GDP Data A Flight Of Fantasy: [deleted]. All banks must enable mobile banking by March 31 Government. Soon Aadhaar will be must for booking train tickets online. GST reform will have a big impact on the Indian economy Harsh Mariwala Marico. Flying in and out of Delhi set to get cheaper. GST Bill Model GST Bill to go for 20 peak tax slabs intact for now. India GDP growth bucks note ban logs 7 in December quarter. Delhi govt extends midday meal scheme for girls up to class 12. Higher salaries for guest teachers in Delhi govt schools approved. Election Commissions Fatwa to Media Face Jail for Exit Polls. Soon housing approvals within 60 days in Delhi Mumbai. India faces another tryst with destiny The country has a good chance of enduring as the worlds fastestgrowing large economy: [deleted]. Let the drone industry take off India should immediately relax and rationalise regulations on using drones for civilian and commercial purposes: [deleted]. Indias lala land infrastructure moment. If Indias infrastructure gap is to be closed it requires both public and private investment to step up to the job. Freight and fridge sales Indian economists seek GDP clues amid data doubts. NHAI revives tender process for BengaluruMysuru Expressway. Setback for peoples movement Madras HC permits PepsiCoke to use Thamirabarani water. Dont have subsidy Pay Rs 86 more for LPG cylinders from today. The Sad Truth Behind Why Indian Hardware Engineers Arent Getting Jobs In Engineering March 2 2017. Government to soon announce relaxations in the Foreign Direct Investment. Indias lala land infrastructure moment. If Indias infrastructure gap is to be closed it requires both public and private investment to step up to the job: [deleted]. Engineering colleges to have online complaints redressal mechanism The effectiveness of the online grievance redressal system will be a factor at the time of granting of the annual approval to an institution by the AICTE. Grapes boost the fruit exports by 40. Now Midday Meals For Girls UpTo Class 12 In Delhi Government Schools. Virtual currency poses several risks RBI Deputy Governor R Gandhi: [deleted]. PwC India launches GST app for providing insights and latest updates: [deleted]. GST reform will have a big impact on the Indian economy Harsh Mariwala Marico: [deleted]. Delhi govt extends midday meal scheme for girls up to class 12. better india. Soon housing approvals within 60 days in Delhi Mumbai: [deleted]. Ease of doing business Big changes by Modi Govt will allow you to start a business in 6 days. India faces another tryst with destiny The country has a good chance of enduring as the worlds fastestgrowing large economy: [deleted]. Does Indian Media feels vindicated after Trump condemns techies killing : [deleted]. GDP growth in December quarter was creditless as well as moneyless. Would India Support a PostISIS Independence Push by the Kurds. Engineering colleges to have online complaints redressal mechanism The effectiveness of the online grievance redressal system will be a factor at the time of granting of the annual approval to an institution by the AICTE: [deleted]. Is Indian GDP data turning a little too Chinese. Air India Needs Bankruptcy Before Sale. Heres Why You May Never Find Out If Your Aadhaar Data Has Been Hacked. New Cyber Policy in Andhra Pradesh to protect citizens data. Bitcoins Virtual currencies pose financial risk says RBI Deputy Governor. India Today Conclave Special Session By Arun Shourie. OctDec GDP at 7 Five questions the CSO needs to answer in the Q3 numbers. GDP Indias strong GDP data leaves economists scratching their heads. GDP data intriguing figures dont add up say economists. Why cant these Indian nationals leave Saudi Arabia. Countries with the Largest Defense Budgets Cross Post from r/dataisbeautiful India at No.6 just ahead of France: [deleted]. Government set to put Rs 1000 cap on pharma companies gifts for doctors. PwC India launches GST app for providing insights and latest updates: [deleted]. Push troubled Air India toward bankruptcy then sell it: [deleted]. Hard work more powerful than Harvard PM Narendra Modi. Push troubled Air India toward bankruptcy then sell it Air Indias dysfunctional capital structure is a bigger worry for any potential owner. Agricultural income outside India will be taxable in India: [deleted]. Indias first heliport will be a major boost for helicopter industry Jayant Sinha: [deleted]. In India a new banking system to reach the masses. Believe economy back on track no reason to doubt CSO estimates Shaktikanta Das DEA Secy. India issues fresh antibiotic guidelines to tackle superbug menace In India antibioticresistant neonatal infections claim the lives of 60000 newborn babies each year according to the Review on Antimicrobial Resistance paper published in 2016.. NDAs healthcare bonanza for retired industrial workers. Tamil Nadu Traders ban Pepsi CocaCola to support local products BBC News. NDAs healthcare bonanza for retired industrial workers Govt plans Rs15 lakh super specialty health insurance package to retired industrial workers from 1 April. OECD macroeconomic projections for India. PM Modi Mocks Harvard Economists Quotes GDP Figures to Support Note Ban. World Bank CEO Kristalina Georgieva rides Mumbai local extends 1billion loan. India Israel to celebrate 25 years of diplomatic ties says MEA. The ties between India and Israel are on an upswing particularly in areas of defence and agriculture. OECD macroeconomic projections for India. Q4 GDP growth to be down sharply likely at 6 or lower Pronab Sen. Too early to celebrate Indias GDP beat Former FM Chidambaram. EXCLUSIVE FDI norms may be eased for multibrand retail commodity markets: [deleted]. Indian food industry has huge economic potential Amitabh Kant. India sets the stage for a clash with US EU at WTO. OECD cuts Indias growth forcast to 7. SBI sees bad loans at banks worsening on slower growth: [deleted]. Average growth rate in Akhileshs first 4 years was below Mayawati and nowhere near Nitishs. Big relief to cataract patients govt approves scheme of Rs. 756 crore for the treatment of 786 lakh cataract patients in 5 years.: [deleted]. In Jan by 22 Indias Coal import falls. GDP growth Q3: [deleted]. Is a Deep State at Work to Steal Digital India Inclusion: [deleted]. India faces another tryst with destiny The country has a good chance of enduring as the worlds fastestgrowing large economy: [deleted]. India faces another tryst with destiny: [deleted]. India faces another tryst with destiny. Indias lala land infrastructure moment: [deleted]. What explains 7 GDP growth despite Modis demonetisation drive. OECD cuts Indias growth forcast to 7: [deleted]. Owners used us however they wanted Indian maids tortured in Saudi Arabia. Thiruvananthapuram Pune and Kolkata emerge as best governed cities in survey. India Fastest Growing Economy Despite Notes Ban China Second 10 Updates. India faces another tryst with destiny. GDP data The plot thickens. Q3 GDP Editors take.. Indias strong GDP data leaves economists scratching their heads. New GDP Figures Have Economists Surprised Cautious. India needs regulatory body for medical devices MazumdarShaw. Future Group will target personal care next Kishore Biyani: [deleted]. EXCLUSIVE FDI norms may be eased for multibrand retail commodity markets: [deleted]. GDP surprises grows 7 in OctDec full year estimates at 7.1. GDP growth beats analysts expectations for Q3 at 7 noteban impact not as bad as feared: [deleted]. Did you know how your PAN card number is generated. Indias economy grew at a fasterthanexpected pace of 7 in fiscal third quarter despite the invalidation of highvalue banknotes in November.: [deleted]. GDP surprises grows 7 in OctDec full year estimates at 7.1: [deleted]. GDP growth rate plays down note ban worry 7 growth recorded in Q3. Amendment Bill Private bill in Lok Sabha to recall MPs MLAs for nonperformance. EPFO allows withdrawals from pension a/c without Aadhaar. Can Beijing and New Delhis interests converge. Big News States agree to roll out GST by July Shaktikanta Das. While Google and Uber fight Indian govt throws out red carpet for selfdriven cars. 120 women hired Bengaluru to get its first antiriot women police. Bengaluru to get its first antiriot women police: [deleted]. SC rejects pregnant womans plea to terminate foetus afflicted with Down syndrome. No end in sight to Indias slowmotion bank crisis. EXCLUSIVE FDI norms may be eased for multibrand retail commodity markets. Plan To Sell 51 In Air India To Strategic Partner Presented To PM Office. Mumbai richest Indian city with total wealth of 820 billion report. Mumbai is home to 46000 millionaires 28 billionaires Delhi is home to 23000 millionaires 18 billionaires and Bengaluru houses 7700 millionaires 8 billionaires. To ease import regulations India requests the US. States agreed to roll out GST by July Shaktikanta Das. View No end in sight to Indias slowmotion bank crisis. Mumbai richest Indian city with total wealth of 820 billion report. Mumbai is home to 46000 millionaires 28 billionaires Delhi is home to 23000 millionaires 18 billionaires and Bengaluru houses 7700 millionaires 8 billionaires: [deleted]. Mumbai richest Indian city with total wealth of 820 billion report: [deleted]. [P] With 36 billion in nine months FDI may deliver a record.. Rich in monuments Punjab gets a tourism high From 28th spot to 12th in eight years. Global warming to hit Indian dairy sector hard warn experts. Indian Railways mulls new performance index Operation ratio of 109 or spending 109 to earn 100 was cause for concern.. More layoffs likely as Indias manufacturing sales shrink. World Bank CEO on India visit will meet Jaitley Urjit Patel. Narendra Modi A billion India identities at risk as PM Narendra Modi widens digital reach. Since liberalisation Indias female workforce participation rate dropped 8 pts from 35 to 27 in 2014 i.e. lt half of Bangladeshs 58. More Layoffs Likely As Indias Manufacturing Sales Shrink. A Billion Identities At Risk Even As Modi Seeks To Make Aadhaar Compulsory. Basmati rice exports of India impacted by Irans currency crisis. India needs to create a million jobs every month Sunil Munjal. Modis Make in India dream takes a hit as manufacturing sales fall. Mumbai richest Indian city with total wealth of 820 bn. India lobbies World Trade Organisation to ease flow of services IT professionals. Private companies may manage waste mopup in Bengaluru. Andhra Pradesh plans to build 20 walktowork townships in state soon. Kerala to launch firstever sex offenders registry in the country. What exactly is a money bill. The bad loan problem. [OLD] Time to abolish the MRP. housing scheme EPFO to launch housing scheme for over 4 crore members in March. SC order Nearly 10000 dalit govt employees may be demoted in Karnataka Times of India. India clears Rs 17000crore missile deal with Israel: [deleted]. Delhi AAP government to use drones for WazirabadDND flyway connectivity. Health Groups Seek Highest Possible Tax Levy On Tobacco Items. Army Recruitment Board Exam Papers Leaked 18 Persons Arrested In Maharashtra And Goa. Wind Power Costs Plunge in Asias First Auction for Contracts. Our country needs more scientists PM Narendra Modi in his Mann ki Baat address. Consolidated State Deficit On Course To Hit A 13Year High Warns JPMorgan. Startup India fund Out of Rs 10000 cr only Rs 5.66 cr invested so far. Farmers have broken all records this year 8 more than last record PM narendramodi on MannKiBaat. Reliance Jio Infocomm Jios free voice and data services cost government Rs 685 crore. IRS officers seek PM Narendra Modis intervention for smooth rollout of GST. UP Polls After KabaristanKasab remarks EC asks parties not to raise religion caste in poll campaign. 6 new greenfield airports approved for development in PPP mode. In Gujarat AP Rajasthan Telangana. MakeInIndia. 6 new greenfield airports approved for development in PPP mode. In Gujarat AP Rajasthan Telangana. MakeInIndia: [deleted]. Andhra Pradesh farmers to generate power with Solar Farming scheme. Farmers in Andhra Pradesh will soon be producing electricity apart from growing crops.. 30 per cent rise in accident cases on Yamuna Expressway reported in 2016. H1B visa threat India lobbies Trump administration to avert curbs. Across the aisle From university to mediocrity. The Rs 41000 Crore Trick Called IMFL. AAP govt approves around 37 hike in minimum wages for Delhi workers: [deleted]. Most Indians Neednt Evade Income Taxes They Dont Have To Pay It. Indias New Fiscal Framework Are We Choosing The Right Targets. Some questions for our own fat cat CEOs. NHAI chops down over 8000 trees in Gurugram to build flyovers. Universal Basic Income only after withdrawal of existing schemes Arvind Subramanian. India needs to create a million jobs every month Sunil Munjal: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Heres how much income tax you will have to pay now: [deleted]. FDI inflow zooms 18 to 46 billion in 2016 DIPP. GST adoption could raise Indias GDP growth rate to over 8 IMF. EU says will take more Indian skilled professionals amid H1B visa fears. The outflow of Indian Talent: I am worried about this. So much talent in the Indian Subcontinent and all of it is flowing out. It was being outsourced to USA and UK. Now the policies are directed towards Japan. It feels like a conspiracy. All of this if funded and given freedom could achieve the dream of being a superpower. I am still not sure why we all fuck up things so easy. Just need a city with people being allowed entry if you have nice ideas. . What The New SEBI Chairman Must And Must Not Do. Indian techies dont need the US their talent is welcome elsewhere. Old NDTV documentary on brazen corruption and literal daylight robbery by RTOs and Traffic Police: NDTV report from 2008 on how Truck drivers fear Police amp RTO officers even more than dacoits amp robbers because of extortionate bribeseeking https//www.youtube.com/watchvq4Wmy1DSgU. Indias 600 billion market is not big enough for it to top global retail rankings. Indian techies dont need the US their talent is welcome elsewhere: [deleted]. Kerala to launch firstever sex offenders registry in the country: [deleted]. Indian Bitcoin startups join hands to form selfregulatory body DABFI. Parrikar to decide if defence chiefs wives can go abroad at govt expense. Aadhaar biometrics Probe against 3 firms for illegal use of Aadhaar biometrics Welcome to the New Age. Women in South Asian politics have not empowered women Despite many prominent female politicians a big sex divide endures. For banks threat from Fintech startups is real. Drugs in India A legal infographic courtesy www.nyaaya.in. Electronics imports rise by 26 Rs 26757 Cr exports fall by 10 in January. Bangaloreans we are in for a tough time...: Water our yearly struggle is going to get though this time around last year was bad and this year is going to be worse but there are a few bright spots. Water sources Upto 80 of Bangalores water is from the river Cauvery most of the remaining 20 is made up by river Arkavati by two of the reservoirs but the [total dissolved solids]http//www.thehindu.com/news/cities/bangalore/T.G.HallireservoirisbacktolifebutyoucanE28099tdrinkitswater/article14324490.ece TDS was so high last year that it was undrinkable and it was dry for the most years before that so dont pin hopes on Arkavati. Now coming to our main source of water the KRS and Kabini the bad news is that the live storage in KRS on thursday was only 5.66 tmc ft compared to 13.77 tmc ft on the corresponding day last year and at Kabini the live storage is only 1.41 tmc ft compared to 5.11 tmc ft last year [link]https//www.ksndmc.org/RL.pdf worse still is that most of this water is in dead storage We need to go in and pump out this water which needs power. Bangalore alone needs 6 TMC of water till May and then water has to be supplied to Mysore and other regions as well The good thing though is that our authorities have woken up early and may start rationing of water right away and are moving machinery to pump out water from dead storage if we dont have proper rains this year god save us next summer. [Harsh summer]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/bengaluru/citytoseeaharshsummermercurylikelytotouch38c/articleshow/57319504.cms With temp expected to reach 38 plus this time around we have to hope that center is going to provide us with power to bear the summer but water woes are our own to bear. Power Luckily there has been no load shedding as of now indicating that we are atleast not starved for electricity.. Kerala to launch firstever sex offenders registry in the country: [deleted]. India proposes direct rail link to Kathmandu from Delhi amp Kolkata mulls cargo train to Bangladesh. Only 14 banks ready to get linked with Aadhaar Pay: [deleted]. Chief Justice Of India Asks Finance Ministry For Details On Major Tax Cases. EU says will take more Indian skilled professionals amid H1B visa fears: [deleted]. Are NRIs good or bad for India [P]: I feel like talented Indians should stay in India and open up businesses or work in India to help the economy rather than working/ slaving off for another country and being underpaid as well as thought of as an inferior to the natives mainly in the US where I currently live. Also from a very young age our children are growing up wishing to settle abroad they openly denounce India for reasons that are valid but also invalid. I believe it is okay as long as you just want to go abroad and earn money then come back. I believe it is wrong to change your citizenship just because they are offering you more money. Thats like giving up your poor family with whom you lived all your life for a rich one. Now I might be wrong here or ignorant of the benefits to India because of NRIs thats why I want to know your opinions. PS Im an NRI but I dont work here still in college. I plan to return to India once I gain knowledge and experience to help in its development. . [Old] Police informers refuse to accept banned notes in Kolkata. Was demonetisation as mistake. EU says will take more Indian skilled professionals amid H1B visa fears: [deleted]. PM Modi clears air defence missile deal with Israel for Rs 17000 crore Mail Today News. Evehicles solar power plants on mind India looks to source lithium from Latin America. Kerala announces sex offenders registry all info to be put in public domain.. The giddy tournaments of capitalism. BharatQR Targets One Million Merchants By Year End. Donald Trumps immigration plans could impact 3 lakh IndianAmericans. India needs to create a million jobs every month Sunil Munjal. IndiaChina strategic dialogue Combative and indignant New Delhi is making same mistakes again. Is it time for RBI to go for a rate hike. Donald Trump to seek advice today from companies offshoring work to India others. 1.8 Billion Of Indias Coal Tax Invested In Renewable Energy So Far. Telecom Commission to pull up TRAI for jeopardising sectoral health The Economic Times. India needs to create a million jobs every month Sunil Munjal: [deleted]. 6000 Indian millionaires moved abroad in 2016 New World Wealth report. Setback for GST Need for epermit to be flashed at interstate border. Government to play active role in making India a global semiconductor hub. India Poised to Unlock 9 Billion for Investing in Roads Power. Microsofts Satya Nadella Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu Share a Vision for Digital India. Revised base year can lower your tax on capital gains. How India could Trump China as US policy shifts in 12 charts: [deleted]. Trumps new immigration policy threatens up to 5 lakh Indians. Indias GDP projected to slow to 6.6 per cent postdemonetisation IMF. Shut shop if you cant treat effluents SC warns polluting industries. Mumbai Bandra school excludes Kurla students from admissions. PM Narendra Modi conveys to US Indias unease over likely H1B curbs Times of India. Bhim app crosses 17 million downloads on Android and iOS Niti Aayog. India needs to create a bad bank quickly Arvind Subramanian. The Cyber Swachhta Kendra is a concrete step to tackle the alarming botnet situation in India. These Were The 12 Major Human Rights Violations In India In 2015 Finds Amnesty Report. How our cities sanitation problem is damaging health. The Cascading Effect Of Taxation What We Understand by it. 7000 Railway Stations In India To Go Solar. Cabinet approves doubling of solar power capacity to 40000 MW: [deleted]. Over 50 Indian women labour on without being paid. No plans to reintroduce Rs. 1000 note Shaktikanta Das: [deleted]. Govt has no plans to introduce Rs1000 currency notes Shaktikanta Das. Bad loan crisis continues 56.4 per cent rise in NPAs of banks. 6 By This Year Indian Agriculture Exports Fall. Aadhaar ScaleUp Commendable Satya Nadella. BHIM app crosses 17 million downloads Niti Aayog. The BharatQR code. It will be India first in India America first in America Microsofts Satya Nadella: [deleted]. Why Startup Indias 1.5 billion fundoffunds needs to succeed. NL Interviews TCA Srinivasa Raghavan On RBI And Its History Of Independence. How the Right to Be Forgotten Ruling Can Overhaul Indias Privacy Laws. Rs 80000 crore plan in works to cut urban carbon footprint. The BharatQR code: [deleted]. BHIM and BharatQR are here. Are you digital yet India is slowly but surely walking on the path of replacing a part of its cash payments with digital money. Indian economy to reach 5 trillion by 2025 Morgan Stanley. Indias oldest warship may be sold for scrap Times of India. Solar Road for India. Bengaluru pips London tops JLLs global city rankings. This Valentines Day Indian rose exports to be record high. 5 likely RBI moves to push digital transactions. Wheat Imports To Slow After March On Fumigation Rule Change. India on collision course with EU over trade treaty. In India diverging incomes despite equalising forcesDisparities have been strengthening not weakening over time. The less developed States are falling behind the richer ones instead of catching up: [deleted]. Which Asian Country Will Replace China as the Worlds Factory. Rs 1000 note to be back in new avatar not clear when. Months after note ban Centre revives changes to labour law that will affect over 50 of factories. Rafiq Shah case How systemic inadequacies are delaying and perverting justice. Bhakra board control Punjab miffed as Haryana extends members service to keep chair. Local Body Polls 2017 Maharashtra not to use Voterverified paper audit trail mandated by Supreme Court for independent verification of vote cast by voter in EVMs: Some candidates of Nagpur have raised objections on lack of VoterVerified Paper Audit Trail VVPAT in the EVMs to be deployed for the Corporation polls to be conducted tomorrow. But the Nagpur Municipal Corporation administration has rejected the objections citing no such directives from the State election commission. [Source Candidates raise objections NMC rejects them]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/nagpur/candidatesraiseobjectionsnmcrejectsthem/articleshow/57239371.cms That source also states VVPAT has been made mandatory by SC in a 2013 ruling. VVPAT has been used in [Assam]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/VoterVerifiablePaperAuditTrailtobeintroducedinAssam/articleshow/51270246.cms [2014 Maharashtra state polls]http//www.thehindu.com/news/national/otherstates/vvpattobeusedfirsttimeinmaharashtra/article6407495.ece and will be used in [Punjab]http//www.financialexpress.com/indianews/punjabassemblyelections2017/punjabelections2017voterverifiedpaperaudittrailmachinestousedforthefirsttimeontrialbasis/536879/ and [UP]http//www.newindianexpress.com/nation/2017/feb/08/voterverifiedpaperaudittrailbeingusedtocounterpollfraudinallahabad1568320.html soon. Why skip just ten but very significant Corporations in one of the most urbanized states of India. Dont try to provoke Punjabis SAD to INLD on SYL canal digging. Tamil Nadu Government launches Amma Two Wheeler Scheme Govt will fund/subsidize 50 of the cost of a twowheeler for 100000 women.: New TN CM has begun his innings in style wih implementation of several bold welfare measures. This is what a real government is supposed to look like and how it does in socalled developed countries. A government that uses tax revenues to create wealth among masses by redistributing wealth from the rich to the poor. Rather than a government which only works for the elites. http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politicsandnation/palaniswamibeginscminningswithwelfareschemes/articleshow/57250277.cms gtTamil Nadu Chief Minister K. Palaniswami on his first day in office on Monday announced a string of welfare schemes which were part of AIADMKs poll promise. gt The new Chief Minister ordered implementation of subsidised twowheeler scheme for working women housing scheme for fishermen doubling of unemployment allowance and closure of 500 liquor shops. gtSpeaking to the media Palaniswami said in order to enable working women to commute freely to office the party had announced subsidised twowheeler for 100000 women per year. gtAs per the Amma TwoWheeler Scheme the government would subsidise 50 per cent of the cost of a twowheeler subject to a maximum of Rs 20000. gtAccording to him the scheme would cost Rs 200 crore per year. Hope rest of India looks at TN model as viable model. There is a lot of money lying at the top that can be deployed to increase the wealth of middle class and poor. The same model exists in countries like Canada Norway Sweden New Zealand btwm where the average Indian who would oppose such measures in our own country would give their kidney and liver to migrate to. . Escaping the middleincome trap. Chardham highway project will be completed by 2018 Nitin Gadkari. Do we have better laws to prevent and punish the misuse of Aadhar details given that it has almost become impossible to not get one. The growing importance of trade for India. Rs 10000 cr plan S Korea wants to redevelop Delhi station as world class [NP]. The import of Indian Basmati rice allowed by Iran. Niti Aayog wants axe on homoeopathy ayurveda bodies. 24 Indias MPs/MLAs Say They Dont Need To Pay Tax Or Have No Income. AAP govt ties up with 21 labs to provide expensive scans for free. Ride under the sea Drilling the 7km route of undersea bullet train project at full swing. AAP govt ties up with 21 labs to provide expensive scans for free: [deleted]. Hey Randians could you please take this survey on Digital India. And do share it with others especially elders in your family.: [removed]. View Global headwinds will drag us down to 67 GDP growth. Record 27 US Congressmen travelling to India this month. Zuckerberg invokes Narendra Modis knack for social media in governance. Before the river rises After a decade of protests some have moved on others stayed behind.. Does India Need a Radically Different Approach for Rapid Growth. 6 Salesmen of reliancejio caught stealing customers fingerprint scans and Aadhaar data in Indore. Apple to begin iPhone SE assembly in India in coming months. Industry Hopes That Higher Volumes Will Dull The Impact Of Lower Fee On Debit Cards. FDI inflows into India jump 18 to a record 46.4 bn in 2016 despite global fall. Railways target Laying 9.5 km of tracks every day. Neighbourhood rule for nursery admission stayed Times of India. GST Network gets notice for avoiding service tax: [deleted]. Railways target Laying 9.5 km of tracks every day: [deleted]. A discussion on how Indias economy and governance can be improved: It should be priority number one to get more of our labour force into the organized sector of the economy increase income levels and thus provide potentially many hundreds of millions of new tax payers. Currently somewhere around 23 of Indians pay income taxes correct me if Im wrong. This is a horrible tax base loss of so much potential tax money for the government. This means that govt employees babus netas teachers judges diplomats get payed a piss poor amount. Perfect incentive for corruption. Singapore pays their govt employees extremely well and have almost no corruption because theres no need to be corrupt cause they are already rich. So thus it is crucial in the long run to increase our tax base and pay our public sector employees better. But thats easier said than done. What do you guys suggest are good policies to obtain this higher tax base. Oil Proves Costly For the Indian Economy. Government launches preloaded BSNL SIM cards for tourists travelling to India with an eVisa. TRAI readies public wifi rules pricing at two paise per MB. Water scarcity Why government must expand microirrigation coverage. Bhel looks to pivot from power sector to transportation electric vehicles. Trust in Govt in India is one of the highest in the World: [deleted]. Can anyone explain summary table of recent India Foreign Trade all the fluctuations of the figures and future. Mumbai Centre allocates Rs 10 lakh to two elevated corridors.. Foodgrain production estimated at a record 272 million tonnes in 201617 govt: [deleted]. Merger risks At this stage of development rather than consolidation in the banking sector India needs more competition. Merger risks. Demonetisation Hit Microfinance Disbursements Fall 26 Portfolio Quality Deteriorates. Center for Strategic amp International Studies How Indian states stack up on solar policy. Zuckerberg my Facebook manifesto to reboot globalisation [Interview]: [deleted]. Merger risks At this stage of development rather than consolidation in the banking sector India needs more competition: [deleted]. Indias oil demand plunges most in 13 years amid Modis demonetisation drive. Indian weddings Curb sought on excessive spending BBC News. India in 10 years Relearning navigation in foreign waters. Was the Indian economy healthy before demonetisation. Google Yahoo ordered to appoint expert bodies to block sex determination ads. A Bill in Lok Sabha might put a limit of 5 Lakhs on Extravagant Weddings and a cap on guests invited. India ranks 143rd in economic freedom index behind Pak Bhutan US thinktank: [deleted]. Broader perspective. SBI merger Five things to watch out for. India could be Donald Trumps next trade war target. Using municipal bonds to bolster city finances. New Bill Seeks Cap On Guests At Wedding Checks On Spending Over Rs 5 Lakh. Central Board of Direct Taxes CBDT plans to use Aadhar database to verify PAN card recipients. Aadhaar seeding for scholarship Mobile hitch hits SC ST students in rural areas. Newcomers Tapped To Unlock 7 Billion Oil And Gas Assets Crucial To PM Modis Strategy. Kerala gives inprinciple nod for Sabarimala airport. ELI5 Even when we are seeing economic growthwhy are we lagging behind in child nutrition access to toilets and informal employment from Asia and Africa What factors are responsible for this:  For over several decades India has experienced remarkable levels of economic growth. However social indicators in India post an entirely different picture.. [P] Lok Sabha No more extravagant weddings Bill in Lok Sabha seeks cap on guests. Union Cabinet approves five associate banks merger with SBI. No more extravagant weddings Bill in Lok Sabha seeks cap on guests. Indian exports rise for fifth month as commodities rebound. No more extravagant weddings Bill in Lok Sabha seeks cap on guests: [deleted]. India knocking at rare club of fast steady growth economies says Edelweiss. India Officially Doubles Its Solar Parks Target To 40 Gigawatts. How safe are you in Delhi 2016 crime data paints bleak picture. Kaziranga The park that shoots people to protect rhinos. Soon you will receive PAN in few minutes pay income tax using smartphone. Campus placements cool at Bschools engineering colleges worse yet to come. For Gems amp Jewellery sector High gold import duty is a restraint. Wholesale price inflation surges to twoandahalf year high in January on fuel prices Times of India. TRAI extends deadline for net neutrality paper comments to March 15th. Tackling distressed loans Bad bank is not a bad idea after all. Muslim Women are Indias NeoUntouchable Caste The Case for Uniform Civil Code. From 0 to 1500 AD India ALONE accounted for more than 1/3 of the ENTIRE worlds GDP.. Stop Blaming Indian Companies for Visa Abuse. India could be Donald Trumps next trade war target. Markets faith in Narendra Modi is unshaken. How To Make DubiouslySeized Cash Legal.. Land real estate should be brought under GST Delhi deputy CM. GST likely to halt economy Avendus Capital Alternate chief executive Andrew Holland. Gujarat Crowd of jobless throng after rumours of walkin interviews at Fords Sanand plant. Ford clarifies no such event planned.. SC to hear PIL seeking revocation of Indus Water Treaty The treaty was signed on September 19 1960 by Indias first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and Pakistan President Ayub Khan.. Bad news Mumbai Fare hike proposed for threeway train travel. Modis India Is Short In Cash But Not In Corruption. In 201718 Government To Launch New Scheme To Fund Export Infrastructure. Retail inflation cools to 3.17 in January on lower food prices. Gross NPAs at alltime high during quarter ended December 2016. Mumbai International Airport operator GVK Infra wins Navi Mumbai Airport project. At full capacity it will be able to handle 60 million passengers a year.. Tax department issued 16.2 million refunds to taxpayers. Income tax department also processed 41.9 million income tax returns ITRs 92 of which were processed within 60 days. Tax department issued 16.2 million refunds to taxpayers. Income tax department also processed 41.9 million income tax returns ITRs 92 of which were processed within 60 days: [deleted]. India could be Donald Trumps next trade war target: [deleted]. Modis India Is Short In Cash But Not In Corruption: [deleted]. India produced 73 of the worlds spices in 2014 according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation.. Indias GDP growth to slow to 5.7 in Q4 Nomura. Indias economic growth is likely to remain muted in the fourth quarter says Nomura. India Indonesia Malaysia And Vietnam Could Be Trumps Next Trade Targets. Government opposes Jairams plea against Aadhaar bill as money bill. Indias GDP growth to slow to 5.7 in Q4 Nomura. Is India a country or a continent It is more integrated than the European Union but less unified than the United States. Female farmers gaining ground in rural India State governments farming groups and private industry are starting to train women to lead farms teaching them about crops irrigation and finance. Panel on doubling farmers income mulls major reforms The interministerial panel is looking at suggesting market reforms in a big way and increasing focus on subsectors of agriculture like animal husbandry poultry and fisheries. Sasikala vs O Panneerselvam Whoever wins Tamil Nadu will inherit a debtbomb left by Amma. Tracking Uttarakhands snowhit ballot From mules to helicopters gloves to sleeping bags boots to booths. One of the better whatsaap message...: Tax System explained in a simple way. Suppose that every day ten men go out for beer and the bill for all ten comes to Rs.100. If they paid their bill the way we pay our taxes it would go something like this The first four men the poorest would pay nothing. The fifth would pay Rs.1. The sixth would pay Rs.3. The seventh would pay Rs.7. The eighth would pay Rs.12. The ninth would pay Rs.18. The tenth man the richest would pay Rs.59. So thats what they decided to do. The ten men drank in the bar every day and seemed quite happy with the arrangement until one day the owner threw them a curve. Since you are all such good customers he said Im going to reduce the cost of your beer by Rs.20. Drinks for the ten now cost just Rs.80. The group still wanted to pay their bill the way we pay our taxes. So the first four men were unaffected. They would still drink for free. But what about the other six men the paying customers How could they divide the Rs.20 windfall so that everyone would get his fair share They realized that Rs.20 divided by six is Rs.3.33. But if they subtracted that from everybodys share then the fifth man and the sixth man would each end up being paid to drink his beer. So the bar owner suggested that it would be fair to reduce each mans bill by roughly the same amount and he proceeded to work out the amounts each should pay. And so The fifth man like the first four now paid nothing 100 savings. The sixth would now pay Rs.2 instead of Rs.3 33 savings. The seventh now paid Rs.5 instead of Rs.7 28 savings. The eighth now paid Rs.9 instead of Rs.12 25 savings. The ninth now paid Rs.14 instead of Rs.18 22 savings. The tenth now paid Rs.49 instead of Rs.59 16 savings. Each of the six was better off than before. And the first four continued to drink for free. But once outside the restaurant the men began to compare their savings. I only got a Rupee out of the Rs.20 declared the sixth man. He pointed to the tenth man but he got Rs.10 Yeah thats right exclaimed the fifth man. I only saved a Rupee too. Its unfair that he got ten times more than me Thats true shouted the seventh man. Why should he get Rs.10 back when I got only two The wealthy get all the breaks Wait a minute yelled the first four men in unison. We didnt get anything at all. The system exploits the poor The nine men surrounded the tenth and beat him up. The next night the tenth man didnt show up for drinks so the nine sat down and had beers without him. But when it came time to pay the bill they discovered something important. They didnt have enough money between all of them for even half of the bill And that boys and girls journalists and college professors this is how our tax system works. The people who pay the highest taxes get the most benefit from a tax reduction. Tax them too much attack them for being wealthy and they just may not show up anymore. In fact they might start drinking overseas where the atmosphere is somewhat friendlier. Quote from David R. Kamerschen Ph.D. Professor of Economics For those who understand no explanation is needed. For those who do not want to understand no explanation is possible.. NHAI to float bids for monetising 10 national highway projects by April. India the second most protectionist country in the world. A crisis from which the US bailed out the RBI. About 2.83 lakh estimated central government jobs by 2018: [deleted]. About 2.83 lakh estimated central government jobs by 2018. As per the budget documents the workforce of the central government establishments would be 35.67 lakh in 2018. The U in UP stands for ungovernable: [deleted]. Nagpur Is this one city or two ask locals from neglected areas [Jan 2017] [Old]. Indian States by Infant Mortality Rates [infant deaths by 1000 births] via BloombergQuint. Panel on doubling farmers income mulls major reforms The interministerial panel is looking at suggesting market reforms in a big way and increasing focus on subsectors of agriculture like animal husbandry poultry and fisheries: [deleted]. Indian States by Infant Mortality Rates [infant deaths by 1000 births] via BloombergQuint: [deleted]. The Economist Is India a country or a continent. Why our farmers are killing themselves. The answer to boosting South Asias competitiveness may lie in its firms boosting their productivity helping them take advantage of rising costs in East Asia and connecting them to global markets: [deleted]. India China and Japan are each pursuing radical economic policies. Heres an overview of how things are going in these important countries.. Karnataka quota law for promotion invalid says Supreme Court. UPs health variations From worse than Haiti to better than India. Demonetization Three Months After: [deleted]. Gutkha menace FDA moves Supreme Court against HC order terming police action against offenders illegal. Govt announce a legal ban over cash transaction above Rs 3 lakh. During this financial year Indian Onion exports anticipated being the highest. Reading between the lines Forget the rhetoric this is no Budget for Indias poor. Ola Uber taxi drivers protest suspension of incentives. Rewa solar project ends with ultralow tariffs. Developed countries turning protectionist Arun Jaitley. Data show that Indias reflexive reaction to politically stirring incidents is to shut down the internet. Indirect tax revenue grows 24 in AprJan direct tax up 10.79 Times of India. Requirement for AADHAR is spreading: Why is everyone hellbent on getting my AADHAR card My banks disturb me every month for my AADHAR card even though all of it is KYC enabled. New mobile sims need AADHAR even though Ive other ID/Address proofs. Now gas agency is asking for AADHAR even though I told them I wont claim any subsidy from the government. If you go closer and ask them why do they need the card when Ive got other proofs no answer whatsoever. It looks like everyone is blindly falling for this AADHAR card requirement without even stopping to question it. Id prefer to keep my biometrics locked as much as possible. Is this possible anymore . FDI in manufacturing sector up 82 per cent in AprNov period Nirmala Sitharaman. Even scientific studies show that Bengaluru needs its trees more than a steel flyover. This Internet shutdown tracker will let you know of instances of govtimposed internet bans in India. Broad daylight murder sends shock waves Murders on the rise CCTV cameras not installed Is Nagpur safe. In December Indias Diamond Export Increases By 25. Flipkart Amazon Snapdeal oppose tax collection at source under GST. Realtime traffic updates through radio on NH soon Nitin Gadkari. Real estate has been kept out of GST. Why. Aadhaar mandatory for availing subsidised foodgrains from PDS. BRICS wants to set up an alternative rating agency. Heres why it may not work. Allowing 100 investment route in several sectors: I think this FIPB abolition move is being underappreciated by people. The government has removed one layer of complication by directly putting matters under DIPP. I think the next step has to be government allowing free investments in a few sectors e.g. Single Brand Retail Trading SBRT Pharmaceuticals Auto components etc. Just the major infra and communication assets strategic machinery should have a review associated with it. Given Ikeas statements in the recent past Apples announcement today I think at least the SBRT will become free in a matter of weeks or latest a quarter.. Steve Bannons War on Indias HighTech Economy The Trump administrations protectionism isnt just focused on foreign manufacturers but competition from foreign services.. Dagger through Indias heart The desperate search for water is forcing cities and farmers to dig deeper. A Paani Bachao campaign cannot wait. How OverInvoicing of Imported Coal has Increased Power Tariffs A Rs 29000 crore Scam. Deep fiscal adjustment and the universal basic income in India. Income trends in India and Pakistan. Japan telecom giant Softbank lost 350 million on its Indian investments. Economic Crisis Forcing Once SelfReliant India to Seek Aid [1991]. [NP] What Does RBIs Accommodative To Neutral Stance On Policy Mean. Cabinet approves fund to make six crore rural households digitally literate by March 2019. Broken pledges lost chances spoil budget. RBI not cutting repo rates citing inflation. ELI5 OutOfTheLoop: [deleted]. Government plans to rename airports after cities not people. 50 Injured in Tripura Shutdown to Oppose Centres Citizenship Bill. India in 10 years Ten things we need to change. In another decade from now it is likely that the per capita income of the richest state will be more than four times the per capita income of the poorest state. 35000 arrested after Nitish Kumars liquor ban Bihar needs more jails We are thinking of enhancing capacity of jails to house more inmates arrested under new liquor law Excise and Prohibition minister Abdul Jalil Mastan said.. The Great Chennai Oil Spill Clean Up After the Chennai oil spill of January 28 workers haul buckets of sludge from the ocean.. Indias Opposition to ChinaPakistan Economic Corridor Is Flawed. RBI Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13. RBI keeps rates unchanged hardens stance to neutral. Why India doesnt trust its private sector. Foreign direct investment zooms 60 per cent to 4.68 billion in November. RBI maintains status quo on repo rate new borrowers may still gain. On Importing Indian Buffalo Meat Agreed By China. Govt to spend Rs 10000 crore for lastmile connectivity Lavasa. Price Waterhouse updates GDP projections for 2050 and still expects China and India to be far larger economies than the USA. India yet to achieve global goals in healthcare Murthy. India will overtake US as worlds secondlargest economy. Government to develop economic corridors logistics parks. PwC report Indias economy will surpass that of the US by 2040. Today is the oneyear anniversary of TRAIs prohibition of discriminatory data pricing services. Heres how it has made India one of the best places for Net Neutrality in the world.: Ever since TRAI prohibited discriminating on data tariffs several things happened Making separate WhatsApp packs or Facebook packs became illegal. Having some services free on an ISPs network while others were charged regular tariffs became illegal. Eg. Wynk Airtels music service. No Internet provider could any longer compete on which popular service they could gardenwall for a lower price than the rest of the Internet it was now either all of the Internet or none of it at all. No app/website/service could now tie up with an ISP in order to get an edge over other content providers who couldnt afford such an arrangement. The TRAI prohibition forced Internet providers to make a level playing field a reality. No country in the world be it the US or an EU member nation has such a comprehensive bright line regulation to ban zerorating. In places like the US where Net Neutrality laws only focus on speed zerorating has become very common with carriers like TMobile having plans where some services are free on mobile data while the rest of the Internet is paid. With the appeal that zerorating has but with the [disastrous implications]https//www.techdirt.com/blog/netneutrality/articles/20160208/06220233547/indiabanszeroratingasuspayspriceembracingit.shtml it would have resulted in we need to be thankful that our telecom regulator had the foresight to set a brightline regulation to ban discriminatory data pricing. What remains to be done A crucial aspect of Net Neutrality is traffic management. Internet providers need to manage traffic to manage the health and stable functioning of their network. However many ISPs use traffic management as an excuse to systematically underinvest in network infrastructure and slow down services that compete with those they have an interest in. Some ISPs also put a bouquet of services on a fast lane which have faster speeds not because of better peering but because the rest of the Internet is necessarily slowed down compared to them. TRAIs [current Net Neutrality consultation paper]http//trai.gov.in/consultationpapernetneutrality0 seeks to address this issue and define what exactly reasonable traffic management practices are. Please give this consultation paper a read I believe this final consultation process can make India the absolute best country in the world in terms of Net Neutrality regulation bar website blocking. . IndiaUAE trade relations A bond beyond oil. RBI meeting today Urjit Patel seen going for a 25 bps rate cut. With deposits surging and economic growth seen dipping due to demonetisation move RBI governor Urjit Patel is under pressure to lower interest rates. Govt doubles highways target to 15000 km in next fiscal. Centre may ban triple talaq after UP polls says Union law minister. US makes changes in export control laws to benefit India. Modi govt allows people to deposit unaccounted cash in parts under amnesty scheme. Plugging LPG subsidy leaks leads to Rs 21000 crore savings. Union Budget fails to provide a push to investments. PM Modis Full Speech In Lok Sabha. Income tax dept has detected Rs16200 crore black money Arun Jaitley. Indias economy is forecast to surpass that of the US by 2040. Small Finance Banks Differentiated Banking Or Just Small Large Banks. What India needs to do achieve a lower debt to GDP ratio. ITC said to sell Rs6700 crore stake to LIC The Narendra Modi government sold about 2 of ITC through a block trade confirmed a senior ministry official. Economic priorities in a protectionist world India needs to focus more on itself and use the opportunity to restructure and reform even as the world regards India as a relative beacon of hope. Advantages Of Owning a Private Label http//fbacart.com/advantagesofowningaprivatelabel/. Oracles second largest campus outside California will soon be a reality in Bengaluru. Seventy Years After Independence Railways To Debut In Andaman and Nicobar Islands. In 2016 Indian Automobile Exports Fell By 5. Andaman ampamp Nicobar Islands to get first railway route Here are 3 ways in which it will benefit the Union Territory. Narendra Modi You are free to criticise me. Constructive criticism makes our democracy stronger and is vital.. India would go to any extent to settle scores Rajnath Singh. Trumps jobs policy could challenge Modis Make in India Chinese media. Trumps jobs policy could challenge Modis Make in India Chinese media. UKs National Health Service to charge foreigners including from India. More Indians will be able to afford homes. More Indians will be able to afford homes. The Modi government recognizes the importance of real estate development to the economy and has made a slew of announcements that will benefit the sector: [deleted]. Narendra Modi has made it extremely unappealing to be a landlord in India. Lets create awareness about this again few signatures needed.. Indian Grapes Export To Europe Starts With Full Swing. UIDAI shuts down fraudulent websites and applications for Aadhaar services. An Indian subprime crisis in the making. Budget for agriculture: [deleted]. Meeting Apples demands to be tough under GST Hasmukh Adhia. AMRUT Centre approves investment of Rs 1350 crore to Andhra Pradesh. Urgent arms deals of Rs 20000 crore inked to keep forces ready. Delhi to be model state for healthcare education Deputy CM Manish Sisodia. With One Foot In The Past And The Other In The Future India Faces A Digital Paradox. India in 10 years The jobs challenge. Fifth column A letter from rural India. On paper all kinds of antipoverty schemes were available in the village but had made little or no difference.. I See A Parallelism Between The USs Rust Belt Region And Punjab India.: I See A Parallelism Between The USs Rust Belt Region And Punjab India. Im an American of Indian Origins. In our last election we saw a disgruntled people from the MidWest who used their vote as a tool for retaliation and they voted for Donald Trump. The American Midwest was prosperous a generation or two ago and since then their economy has been gutted out due to their jobs getting shipped overseas. Meanwhile the small towns in these states are losing its people who are migrating towards more prosperous areas of the USA where jobs actually are found. Meanwhile you have a terrible opium epidemic which is especially prevalent in small towns and towns in the Midwest that is killin about the same number as gun shots and car fatalities combined. Tthe people of the American MidWest miss yesterday and they lament their economically deprived situation. Same way in India Punjab has always been historically wealthy because heck we all needed to eat. But in the age of automation improved supply chains better yields etc. agriculture is becoming a more of a yesterday industry. Whats happening now is that more valueadded processes are being done to the food such as canning it creating readymade meals from it etc.. Im thinking that the economy of Punjab is still agriculture whereas the other parts of India are focusing on manufacturing electronics pharmaceuticals and other much more valueadded industries. Even the ethnic Punjabis arent doing the manual labor in their fields. Theyre actually bringing in labor from UP and Bihar. So as Punjab stagnates economically the other parts of India are truly shining. Because of this unequal GDP growth rate Punjab state like the American Midwest gets this palpable feeling that their best days were yesterday and are not returning. So they too for the same reasons are doing opium. I hope this isnt the case. For if this is the case that Punjab is stagnating youll see the following occur in a few years Increased militancy. Increased blame on Biharis and other nonPunjabi groups living there Radicalization of the men there. Punjab should be encouraged to invest better in basic services for the people like education social movements for betterment of all people in this tribal society and also be vigilant of radicalization. The movies music and other media of Punjab is hypermasculine glorifies economic wealth and seems to not give priority to intellectual striving. They show the Punjabi uber man as being fantastically nouveau riche ditzy hyperviolent gun fetishists bullying and obnoxious. However media has a disproportionate effect on shaping us. Perhaps Punjabi media should show a different vision of success and perhaps Punjabis should diversify its economy and its skill sets. . On Import Of Indian Vegetables The European Union Removes 3Year Ban. Union Budget 2017 Review by top Indian and global analysts bankers. A conservative budget that comes up short. South India drives power consumption growth. Assams Missing Subsidised Rice The Importance Of Aadhaar And Direct Benefit Transfer. Railways goes for Hybrid Swiss Challenge to woo investors for station redevelopment Infracircle. Exactly what is changing in India Can India really be a Superpower Archives Documentary. China denies putting pressure on Pakistan for Saeeds arrest. President Donald Trump tightening H1B visa norms to curb fraud Shalabh Kumar. What the Economic Survey reveals about Arvind Subramanians reading list. Nilekani on privacy Healthy scepticism aside we must put our faith in a system that has worked for the last sixtyeight years and shift our focus to creating institutions that deliver. [From Rebooting India2015]. Fitch Says Budget Targets Achievable Signals Gradual Reforms. Budget 2017 Can it Transform Energize and Clean the Agriculture sector: [deleted]. Trai likely to allow Reliance Jio to extend its free services beyond March 2017. [RANT] Even Private Organizations can now use [Aadhar]: There has been a Minor Outrage on Twitter today when indiastack twitted about a Private organization using Aadhar Based KYC. The name of the Organization is OnGrid. Most of the outrage was about the screenshot of the website of this company which has the following image http//imgur.com/a/tgnnz This is a quite creepy image because it shows how you can be tracked and information about you can be collated about you from different sources to create a comprehensive database. IndiaStack quickly backpeddled and say that AADHARs KYC can give only Name DOB amp Address But a Closer look at the website of OnGrid shows that they are collecting other information from the employees of their users and saving that information[1] so that they can in the future provide a more comprehensive profile of that individual to future customers. Given that Privacy in India has no legal support its really terrible that we are allowing all and sundry be it Government or Private organizations to collect data about individuals without their consents especially when the Supreme court has said that Aadhar should not be used for anything besides a few limited Direct subsidy based programs. source 1 https//yourstory.com/2016/10/ongrid/. Budget 2017 The hits and misses according to Montek Singh Ahluwalia. Life expectancy highest in Jammu and Kashmir. Students advised to give priority to Indian languages. Union Minister for Human Resource Department Prakash Javadekar said Indian languages should be promoted at all levels of education.. Budget Rant of Indias Forgotten Class. On freight for imports on delivered basis India to charge service tax. Delhi govt plans for cheaper bus shelters designs to attract more bidders. Delhi govt to take action against school principals for indiscipline. Budget 2017 Mudra loans miss targets FM quotes old figures Shah overstates numbers. Mr Trump take note Indias Ambani boosts business for Zuckerberg in your protectionist US. Amazon vs Flipkart and Uber vs Ola. Its not about capital dumping its about good and bad investments: [deleted]. Indian IT Firms to Meet Donald Trump Officials on H1B Visa Reform Concerns. Exclusive Balancing act in Budget 2017 is a curse for the poor writes Yogendra Yadav. Apple gets green signal to manufacture iPhones in India expected to start production in June: [deleted]. India The Worlds Fastest Growing Large Economy. River dispute Haryana manages water better than Punjab. The Armed Forces Need Reform Not Yelling Panellists On TV Shows. What The Media Wont Tell You About The Black Money Decoding Demonetisation CHASE. Salient points from Budget 2017: [deleted]. ELI5 How has the union govt increased its budget for basically everything and still hoping for meeting much stricter fiscal deficit target: Basically what the title says. The govt has [reduced]http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/business/indiabusiness/governmenttargetstobringdownfiscaldeficitto32percentincomingyear/articleshow/56912189.cms the fiscal deficit target to 3.2 of the GDP for the coming year. At the same time they have proposed to increase health budget by 28 MNREGA by 25 infrastructure by 10 SC/ST welfare by over 30 agriculture and farmer welfare by 16 water and sanitation by 40 textile by 35 urban development by 40 women and child development by 25 railway by 20. Source media reports and the budget website My question is how is this possible Afaict the only way such a boost in spending in all of these areas is possible without increasing fiscal deficit is if either a they have reduced funding in some other areas in which case what are these areas and how much has spending been reduced b they are resting their hopes on a massive increase in tax collection or c planning to sell some national assets. Edit I think I have found an answer that looks convincing at least to me. The govt is expecting an almost 3 lakh crore increase in tax revenue. Of this 1 lakh crore is expected to come from increase in excise duty on oil another 1 lakh crore from increase in income tax. Of the other 1 lakh crore almost half is coming from increase in corporation tax collections and another almost half is coming from increase in service tax collections. A 1 lakh crore increase or 26 increase in income tax collection would be almost massive if it actually materializes. I wonder what gives the govt hope in such a large increase.. Metro Man rues end of rail budget. SampP Says Its Not Inconsistent India Must Cut Public Debt For An Upgrade. Budget 2017 Impact on Infrastructure Sector. 5 key things missed in this Budget which could make life much better. Seperate Rail Budget is Bad says Metro Man E. Sreedharan. Any Thoughts: [deleted]. Railways Budget 2017 Service charge on etickets booked through IRCTC to be withdrawn says Arun Jaitley. Global Hunger Index 2016. Now Tax is exempted for partial withdrawal from National Pension System NPS. What are your thoughts on senior citizens paying less income tax in India: Income tax liability even in high income slabs is less for senior citizens. Why is that Should it not be same liability for everyone. Foreign Reserves Rise To 12 Months Covered by Indian Import. What New Spend On MGNREGA Exposes About Notes Ban by Maitreesh Ghatak [Opinion]. Mumbai Economic Survey lauds transparent BMC. On a scale of eight Mumbai and Hyderabads urban local bodies have got a perfect score in transparency accountability and participation.. Budget 2017 infra boost Arun Jaitley gives infra boost raises total spending to Rs 396000 crore. Budget 2017 Govt identifies 2000 km coastal roads to improve connectivity. Budget 2017 Budget gives a big legup to infrastructure industry Experts. India Assaults Cash Again 100 Fine For Cash Use Will Boost Bitcoin Price. Are UberPool Ola Share illegal Karnataka to become first state to ban ridesharing in India: [deleted]. Open Budgets India Wants to Make Indian Budgets Simpler to Understand. Budget allocation of AYUSH ministry hiked by 8. Budget has severely curbed the tax benefit on the interest paid on housing loans. Highest ever MNREGA allocation FM in 2017. Monument to Congresss failures PM in 2015. Union Budget 2017 Defence allocation gets 6.2 percent hike. Modi Reaches Out to Indians With Tax Cuts Before Key State Polls. What did real estate sector get in Union Budget Who would really gain. Budget 2017 Tax the rich dont topple the apple cart. The Economist explains What is Indias Cold Start military doctrine. Budget 2017 Wishes unfulfilled What you wanted and what you got in Budget 2017. For every 100 rupees the government spends only 34 matter. In India people are getting paid to use the toilet. Budget 2017 Price of smartphones to go up govt imposes additional duty on PCBs. Personal Income Tax Impact. NBFC stocks rally up to 9 on rural boost affordable housing. Budget 2017 For Rural Jobs Scheme MNREGA Highest Ever Allocation Of 48000 Crores. Major Highlights of Union Budget 2017:  Total expenditure of Budget 201718 placed at Rs 21.47 lakh crore. Increase in Direct Tax collection by 34 after demonetisation. Holding period for LTCG for Land amp Building reduced to 2 years. Carried forward of MAT Credit for 15 years instead of 10 years. 5 tax exemption for companies having turnover below 50 crores. 6 presumptive tax for turnover upto 2 crores. No cash transaction above 3 Lakhs will be permitted. Maximum Donation receivable from unknown source by pol party will be 2k. Change in period of limitation for scrutiny assessment. 5 tax for income below 5 Lakhs. No tax for income upto 3 Lakhs. 10 surcharge for assesse income between 50 Lakhs to 1 crores. One page Income Tax return proposed. Some other points First focus on Farmers Target for agricultural credit fixed at 10 Lakh Cr Agriculture expected to grow 4.1 this year Mission antyodhay to bring 1cr households our of poverty and 50000 gram panchayats out of poverty 5 Lakh ponds to be taken up in MGNREGA. Women participation at 55 48000 Cr outlay for MGNREGA Job Guarantee Space technology used for MGNREGA PM Gram Sadak Yojana 133km/day last year 27000 Cr to be available this year for GSY. On the way to 100 electrification by next year Swacch Bharat 28000 habitations to get safe drinking water Total allocation for rural/agricultural 187223Cr Jaitley gets going Minister pats himself on the back for controlling inflation high growth and war on black money Inflation has dropped from 6 to 3.4 Current account deficit declined from 1 to 0.3 of GDP in the first half of the year Forex reserves at 361Bn 12 months of imports India is 6th largest manufacturing country in the world now. Reforms in UGC. Online swayam courses to be launched PM Kaushal Kendras to be extended to 600 centers Affordable housing to be given infrastructure status National Housing Bank will refinance individual loans total of 20000 Cr Eliminate Leprosy by 2018 TB by 2025 Additional 5000 postgraduate seats per annum New AIIMS in Jharkand and Gujarat Allocation for SC up to 52393Cr Aadharbased smart cards with health details for Senior Citizens LIC to create scheme with guaranteed pension of 8 for senior citizens FDI at 1.45Lakh Crore Huge shift towards digitisation amongst all sectors of society. Liquidity in banks due to demonetisation will lower borrowing rates Transform energise and clean India that is TECIndia FIPB abolished FDI to be liberalised 10000Cr for recapitalisation of banks PM Mudra yojana lending target 244000Cr target Aadhar pay to be introduced Post office to become the frontend for passport services. Income Tax Slab rate Tax rate for lowest income slab slashed to 5 from 10 10 surcharge slapped on incomes over Rs 50 lakh The Economic Times. Budget speech 20172018. Union Budget 2017 PostBudget Discussion Thread.: Please use this thread as a place for discussion for the postbudget discussions. Your thoughts queries can go here.. Income Levels over the years in India All Indian States: [deleted]. Highlights of Union Budget 2017. Benami Act Buying property in mothers name can land you in jail for 7 years. Jewellery Exports Will Impact By Hike In Dubai Import Duty. The Rise of Energy Storage in India. NAGPUR Corporators bank on taxpayers to expensive mobile phones.. Indias Got a Reputation Problem. Indias Air Passenger Volumes To Reach 310 Million By FY18. Zero tolerance for fire safety risks Union minister JP Nadda. Governments Thrust On Housing To Create More Jobs HDFCs Keki Mistry: [deleted]. Union Budget 2017 Consolidate all information and discussion here: Lots of news information and discussions coming up. We dont want the front page clogged or tangentially related threads removed or new info drowned. Please use this thread for all links and discussions new posts such as opinion pieces will likely be removed. Live sort is enabled on this thread. You can change the sort if you wish to Official budget Livestream on youtube https//www.youtube.com/watchv1JsR4y0b6sM First Post live discussion http//www.firstpost.com/budget2017/ Economic Times live discussion http//economictimes.indiatimes.com/budget2017 Reddit Live thread by ClearTax https//www.reddit.com/live/yd0kkavcorkq Edit You can use [this thread] https//www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/5redp1/unionbudget2017postbudgetdiscussionthread/ for post budget discussion.. The hidden agenda of benevolence The growing chorus for a universal basic income is a ruse to eliminate or roll back significantly the public distribution system and signature welfare programmes. High on Jallikattu Bill TN plans neet sidestep. Consumption export revival to boost economy in 201718 Arvind Subramanian. Privatise 100 PSUs develop 50 stations via private participation by 2017end CII. India will remain the worlds fastestgrowing major economy despite demonetisation Brexit and Trump. Budgets in the past The remarkable history of Budgets. Highways construction cargo powergen record growth Survey. Rs 2 lakh crore for development of highways in Madhya Pradesh Nitin Gadkari. Why most of Indias budget allocations are predestined by history. Income Levels over the years in India All Indian States: [deleted]. Oil Spill Near Chennai Is 20 Tonnes Not 1 Says Coast Guard. 10 Key Expectations From Budget 2017. CSO revises GDP growth for FY16 upwards to 7.9. India Considers Fighting Poverty With a Universal Basic Income. Prannoy Roy And Arvind Subramanian Analyse Impact Of Notes Ban: [deleted]. Universal Basic Income ideal to tackle poverty Economic Survey 2017. Prannoy Roy And Arvind Subramanian Analyse Impact Of Notes Ban: [deleted]. Andhra Pradesh attracts Rs 10.5 lakh crore MoUs at Partnership Summit. Live Hours Ahead Of Budget Prannoy Roy Talks To Arvind Subramanian [NP]. Economic Survey Watch Analysis With Arvind Subramanian And Prannoy Roy [NP]: [deleted]. Honda recalls 41580 cars in India to replace airbag inflators. Tax department leans on Big Data analytics to mark out multiple PAN holders. India will remain the worlds fastestgrowing major economy despite demonetisation Brexit and Trump: [deleted]. India should not keep much hope about Exporting to US Trade director Peter Navarro is a dangerous guy to Global Trade.: We all know Peter Navarro director of the Trump administrations National Trade Council is one of harshest critics of China his books Death by China Crouching Tiger What Chinas Militarism Means for the World. [Death By China How America Lost Its Manufacturing Base Official Version.]https//www.youtube.com/watchvmMlmjXtnIXI youtube [Crouching Tiger What Chinas Militarism Means for the World]https//vimeo.com/145636284 Vimeo MUST WATCH I watched all his documentaries [You should too] and read summaries of his books. The guy is really serious. he is even critic of Most close allies of US like Germany [Trumps top trade adviser accuses Germany of currency exploitation]https//www.ft.com/content/57f104d2e74211e6893c082c54a7f539. I believe in Trumpera we have less hopes of reaching target of 500 Billion. India need to get ready for consumption driven economy. Exporting to China Africa other parts of Asia. maybe Europe if they are open. is the likely future. India needs its own Silicon Valley and strong all kinds of Industries for our own sake. . PC by Dr. Arvind Subramanian Chief Economic Adviser on Economic Survey 201617. H1B visa issue India says conveyed interests concerns to US. Budget 2017 Why salaried class deserves standard deduction. Water Use Scenario in Punjab Beyond the SutlejYamuna Link Canal. Industry 4.0 necessary to hike manufacturing share in GDP Experts. CBSE class 10 board exams are back. Budget 2017 The India Inc View PwC Survey. Economic Survey Eyes RBIs Reserves To Resolve Bad Loans...Again.. India will remain the worlds fastestgrowing major economy despite demonetisation Brexit and Trump. Economic Survey suggests Universal Basic Income to replace all subsidies: Will this EVER work in India. What am I looking for in Union Budget 2017 18: [removed]. If you are Interested in Indian Economy twitter timeline of Chief Economic Adviser is gold.: Twitter a/c of Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian https//twitter.com/arvindsubraman Even for a layman its very good. Please visit his timeline and read Tweetstorm on the Economic Survey of India 201617. hope all his tweets go viral. Economic Survey Moots Universal Basic Income To Replace Existing Subsidies. Modern exhibitionconvention centre to come at Pragati Maidan. Govts focus on infra to cut down logistics cost Nitin Gadkari. Andhra Pradesh gets 2 coastal economic zones of Rs 20000 crore. Sri City signs 13 MoUs of Rs 600 crore at Partnership Summit. Nitin Gadkari declares 1253 km road in Assam as National Highways. Union Budget 2017 Keep PAN Aadhaar handy for bullion amp jewellery purchases above Rs 50K post Budget 2017. Economic Survey bats for Universal Basic Income. Manohar Parrikar reduces Indias war readiness from 40 to 10 days Report. Economic Survey projects FY18 GDP growth at 6.757.5 post demonetisation. H1B visa woes IT stocks go into tailspin as US House of Representatives takes up bill. India is one of the fastest growing advertising markets globally Report. Use toilet and earn Rs 2500 per month. H1B bill introduced in US Congress measures to double min. salary requirements to 130k. At WTO US Forces India To open up USD 1 bn solar market. Dont speak dont tell [NP]. Off the Rails Safety is being compromised in favour of cosmetic measures on Indian railways. Wages in India [20022016]. A fading Taj and shabby museums India spends less than 1 of its annual budget on culture and it shows. Policy Watch PreBudget Special Taxation. Editorial Board Indias Budget Minister Should Keep Calm and Carry On. Budget 2017 Unless Narendra Modi govt changes its Nehruvian mindset on criminal taxation level growth will remain a pipedream says Surjit Bhalla. Mallya Mails Did Former PMO Show Extra Interest in Keeping KFA Flying. Kadakins Surprise Death Tectonic Shock to IndoRussian Ties No single individual has been more important in promoting and strengthening the RussianIndian Strategic Partnership than Ambassador Kadakin.. JLF2017 We The People of India. Sedition Law amp Republic Day for Anti Nationals. India Post Payments Bank To Launch Operations In Ranchi Raipur. Budget2017 India Lags Green Energy Targets As World Heats Up. How reliable are Indias agriculture statistics. Union Budget 2017 Wishes and Horses. IIP 200506 to 201516. Why 2017 is a challenging year for the Indian economy. IIP from 200506 to 20152016: [deleted]. Fascinating Concepts from the 67 year old Indian Constitution. Aadhaar number printed on paper perfectly valid Centre. What to expect from Union Budget 2017: As title says what should we be expecting from this Union Budget 2017 that will happen on Feb 1st. In November Indias oil imports from Iran fall by 19 the top oil supplier again becomes Saudi. Chidambarams Budget tips to Jaitley Dont slash income tax rate cut service tax instead. Only six of 55 tea gardens in Dooars have workers with bank accounts says data. Andhra Pradesh investment summit sees 665 MoUs worth over Rs10.5 trillion. Govt may make Aadhaar must for rail concession in Budget 2017. Budget 2017 Corporate India pitches for lower tax rates. Failure of Indian Railways staff biggest cause of accidents Report. Why does our Nation focus on grave issues enough How is suffering of so many people acceptable: 100s of Millions of Children and Adults in India are suffering from Malnutrition and have no Critical Thinking ability. stunted Body and Brain. and even more people dont even have basic Toilets. [between 3040]. 100s of Millions have no safe drinking Water and Electricity. Everyone of us and even Govt. are doing enough. and silly issues dominate things We have dumbest politicians in the world [maybe be possible due to Malnutrition or education and electoral process] who dont even know what Malnutrition is.. Donald Trumps no ally of India handle him with care SA Aiyar. Why is Indian Economy so stable Amazing Indians ampamp Black to White money Conversion System. JLF2017 On Disparity Among Indian States. Budget 2017 Education Helps Youth Escape A Life Of LowPaid Farm Work. Maharashtra Farmer ends life kin blames noteban. Is Bitcoin Legal in India How about Tax Sunny Ray from Unocoin Answers: [deleted]. Five risks that may hamper Indias economic growth. Government May Make Aadhaar Card must for rail concession in Budget 2017. Despite noteban rural wages on a steady climb in November Nomura. Nominal rural agricultural wages rose to 7.3 per cent yearonyear in November from 6.9 in October says Japanese brokerage Nomura. The amount of people supporting Jio against Airtel is alarming: You all know that saying If its free youre the product Well its happening Jio just bought millions of Indian to support their claim against airtel by offering free stuff which is clearly a violation of competition law both morally and legally. But why give a fuck about that when youre getting free stuff. Dont think this is a result of competition and youll get benefit in future. If this continues Reliance will drive out major competition and monopolize market or they will collapse which will have severe impact on economy.. Trump makes sense to a grocery store owner. Delhi govt increases monthly pension of elderly widows and disabled. Government Clears Pension Scheme For Seniors With 8 Return. Delhi govt tells IVF centres to maintain records of the gender of babies born. Delhi govt forms six task forces to decongest roads ease traffic jams. Govt subsidy for over 3000 erickshaw owners. Trump makes sense to a grocery store owner: [deleted]. Indias Renewable Investment Goal Seems Misguided. Manish Sisodia seeks details of social media schemes by Centre. Budget 2017 The Budget Debate Tax Scare On The Street. Property myths that need busting Land is scarce prices can only rise. Budget 2017 The Budget Debate Tax Scare On The Street: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Education Helps Youth Escape A Life Of LowPaid Farm Work: [deleted]. Budget2017 Startup Central What Startups Want From Budget 2017. Industries sign Rs 10.5 lakh cr investment pacts with Andhra. Shashank Shah in State Of The Economy. In conversation with Project Director Social Entrepreneurship amp Livelihood Creation India Shashank Shah. Budget 2017 Should Cut Individual Corporate Tax Rates JSWs Seshagiri Rao. Vibrant Gujarat summit. Wait wheres the investor. Gold Import Duty Lowers from 10 to 6 by Government consideration. IndiaPost becomes 3rd entity to receive licence to start payment bank operations: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Higher Tax Benefits On Home Loans Will Boost Realty Demand. Populist Budget Will Be An Acknowledgement That Cash Crunch Is Hurting UBS. Aadhaar Pay integrated by 14 banks says government. Living in the Dark 240 Million Indians Have No Electricity. Sensex completes steepest weekly advance in 8 months. Modi Must Deliver Welfare Sloganeering Wont Do Anymore. Farmer suicides SC to examine policies of Centre states. Unused SEZ land should be returned Industries minister [Maharashtra]. Southern states outshine rest of India in key sectors growth. Was The Rs 2000 Note PM Modis Diwali Gift. Beyond the deceleration. Corruption and inequality how populists mislead people. Now you can create bank accounts with iris scan ETtech. RTE quota Schools told to fill up extra 10 p.c. seats to clear backlog. Indias exports rise 6 in December trade deficit shrinks sharply. GAAR alert Modi government on track to implement it from April 1 2017: [deleted]. What next after the 2017 budget brings the curtains down on Indias planning era With the 12th Five Year Plan period ending in 2017 the budget is putting an end to the practice of classifying government spending into plan and nonplan categories. Vijay Mallya plays innocence card talks of witchhunt. What Donald Trump and Narendra Modi Discussed: [deleted]. Modi government plans to revive Britishera gold mines with 2 billion worth of deposits. India Inc. divided on need for stimulus in Budget. Little Room for India to Beat Cash Ban Gloom With Budget Goodies. India to become the fastest oil consumer by 2035. With little room to beat cash ban gloom with Budget goodies Modi faces his toughest economics test yet. The many lessons from Swachh Bharat The lack of institutional capacity at the grassroots to deliver sanitation services is the key binding constraint to achieving Swachh Bharat. Budget 2017 Data entry errors led to rise in cases with Rs 1 croreplus farm income. How Garden City Bengaluru has degenerated into a garbage city. Bengaluru is paying a heavy price for its success. Its a city overflowing with garbage while the infrastructure and waste collection services unable to keep up with decades of unchecked growth. Over 400 MoUs likely to be signed at Andhra PradeshCII Partnership summit. Need to Focus On Reskilling Seshagiri Rao. After An Interval Of Three Years India To Resume Curry Leaf Exports To EU. Union Budget 2017 Nine important features to look out for. Government mulls reviving colonialera gold mines with 2 billion reserves. Budget 2017 Higher Tax Benefits On Home Loans Will Boost Realty Demand. Digital to usher in second green revolution To feed our growing population we need to reinvent our agricultural practices and the solution lies in Agriculture technology or AgTech. Indian economy at cusp of recession Reforms fail to provide critical mass to push up growth. 68 years of the Republic Day parade in photos. Is China slowing down and India is catching up The Real Story: [deleted]. The Big Picture Bank NPAs Should banks be more autonomous. GDP growth to slow to 6 in OctDec 2016 Nomura: [deleted]. Budget 2017 The Need To Skill Workers At Indias Construction Sites. Budget 2017 In Race Between Man And Machine Winner Has To Be Job Creation Says President. India to become the fastest oil consumer by 2035: [deleted]. Indian techie Jyoti Bansal sells his company to Cisco for 3.7 billion: [deleted]. Government raises Rs 30000 crore via disinvestment proceeds. US pulling out from TransPacific Trade Agreement wont hurt India. Budget 2017 In Race Between Man And Machine Winner Has To Be Job Creation Says President: [deleted]. Budget 2017 The Need To Skill Workers At Indias Construction Sites: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Where are budget papers printed. I favour Uniform Civil Code In A Piecemeal manner Interview With NALSAR VC Prof. Faizan Mustafa. Modi power plans slow to light rural India as 240 million still live in darkness. Power shortages cost India the equivalent of about 7 of GDP the World Bank said in 2010 when the country witnessed supply deficits of almost 15: [deleted]. Modi power plans slow to light rural India as 240 million still live in darkness. Power shortages cost India the equivalent of about 7 of GDP the World Bank said in 2010 when the country witnessed supply deficits of almost 15: [deleted]. TN traders to stop sales of Coke Pepsi say products not healthy. GST 70000 tax officials warn of noncooperation movement. India just banned all forms of disposable plastic in its capital. Budget 2017 Expenditure Priorities Must Factor Automation. India Ranked 79 Less Corrupt Than Its Neighbours Except Bhutan Says Transparency International. Nagpur 17 months on NMC yet to finish 800metre road. Mongolia to build oil refinery from Indias 1 billion credit Old. Ordinances A Shady Way To Subvert Democracy. Incredible of village Households with electricity by State. only 39 of village households in Jharkhand have electricity.. India UAE Ink 14 Pacts In Key Areas Like Defence Security. Experts argue that concessions should be given to all manufacturers and not just Apple. Despite Modis Make In India initiative most Indians have Chinese cellphones. The Big Picture RBIs Autonomy Status and Desirability. Soon IIM graduates will be walking away not only with a job offer but also a management degree.. Food regulator might soon label chips samosas as junk food. Janpath A Documentary On The Plight Of Street Vendors. GDP growth to slow to 6 in OctDec 2016 Nomura: [deleted]. The Big Picture RBIs Autonomy Status and Desirability: [deleted]. IT department to target Indian MNCs avoiding tax. From April 2017 India Will Start Local Screening Of Imported Telecom Gear. Tax on cash transactions will make digital payments cost effective Naidu: [deleted]. India frankly needs the UAE more than the other way round. Donald Trumps Buy Americanhire American pledge unnerves Indian IT. The Real Story Why is Indian Economy so stable How demonetization affected it. Leapfrog Beyond Manufacturing The path to becoming a middleincome country lies through digital services not manufacturing exports. Living In The Dark 24 Crore Indians Have No Electricity. Budget and moral imperatives Increasing public investment and employment remains a moral imperative for finance minister Arun Jaitley. Impose tax on cash withdrawal above Rs 50000 panel on digital payments suggests to PM Modi. Narendra Modi power plans slow to light rural India 240 mn still live in darkness. Germany to finance strategic infrastructure projects in India. Regulatory sandbox. US seeks enhanced India market access after TransPacific Partnership pullout. Indian businessman to spend 1 million to help prisoners in UAE. In a first Telangana plans Birth Defects Registration. Policy Watch Episode 252: [deleted]. False generalization of Hindibelt problems as national problems. Fiscal deficit touches 4.3 of GDP in FY16 SBI Research. IIMs to be declared as Institutions of National Importance. Policy Watch Episode 252: [deleted]. Almost Half of Indias Lawyers Are Fake Says Bar Council. Trai recommends verification of existing Sim cards using Aadhaarbased eKYC service. In Donald Trump era India must join forces with other Asian nations. Budget 2017 Ten things to look out for. Pepper imports increase by 18 and exports fall due to higher prices. For exporting final goods to EU Selfregistration of firms. [Showerthought] PolicePublic relations or lack thereof in urban areas and Chennai violence: After video of TN Police burning private property in Chennai. I feel this is not new. Happened in Gujarat in 2015 during Patel agitation when Police ransacked Patel areas. Patels are primarily Urban middleclass community amp not wellrepresented in Government services while the Police is dominated by OBCs from Rural areas Similarly in TN majority of lowranking Policemen come from Rural Southern TN Madurai Sivagangai Dindigul Thanjavur etc. They cannot relate to the sophisticated urban people of Chennai and Northern TN. Hence it creates resentment. . 1 taxpayer owes 11 of Indias individual income tax in 201415. Budget May Levy New Cess To Provide Social Security To Coolies. GST Council mulls cess on more items. Your air travel might get expensive after the Budget speech in February. Heres why. Rail fares eating out mobile bills likely to get more expensive from April 1. Long term economic disappointment possible for India. Private schools need govt nod before hiking fees SC. Japan Threatens India With WTO Action Over Steel Good It Should To Benefit Indians. KCR to set up Islamic Centre at a cost of Rs 40 cr. Indias Economic Landscape. Will manufacturing the iPhone here really decrease its price for us Indians Or is it just our usual jingoism: For example the iPhone 7 32GB Black costs 5388 RMB 53538 INR on Apples official tmall store in China 1 whereas the same device costs 57500 INR on Amazon 2. Should we expect a steep price drop once Apple starts manufacturing here Any economists pliss to explain 1. https//detail.tmall.com/item.htmid538282868333 2. http//www.amazon.in/eyephone/dp/B01LZKSVRB/ . CBI arrests former IDBI chairman and 8 others in Vijay Mallya loan default case Sources. India rejects EU Canadas attempts for global investment agreement. India Inc needs animal spirit govt nudge for growth Uday Kotak. Indias Economic Landscape: [deleted]. In Tamil Nadu Sikh Farmers Turn Barren Land Into Orchards. TIL that until 2010 Haryanas official 2nd language was Tamil this was done just to be an affront to Punjab. Punjabi was and is the 2nd most spoken language in Haryana yet Tamil was the 2nd official language for over 40 years.. Budget 2017 Major changes in tax structure likely Care Ratings report. Final Assault Punjabi Documentary Film Save Punjab Waters. UP Bihar sending more migrant labourers to Gulf than Kerala Tamil Nadu. Modi Budget May Put Consumers Before Taxes to Spur India Demand. What Can Budget 2017 Do For Retail Investors. Budget On February 1 No Delay Says Supreme Court. Budget 2017 Services Will Create More Jobs Than Manufacturing Says Biocon Chief. Chinese media now finds an Indian voice to slam backward India. Perverse Consequences of Well Intentioned Regulation Evidence from Indias Child Labor Ban. 1.42 lakh rail safety staff posts vacant across India. Proximity rule unconstitutional unfair to minorities HC. Budget 2017 Make Six Changes To Indias Labour And Education Laws. Centre pushes for fingerprint money transactions through Aadhaar Pay. To EU Worth 3 Billion Gems And Jewellery Exports May Take A Hit. In Odisha Government sanctions to provide a boost to spices. Trumps Buy American and Hire American may hit stock markets weaken rupee. Fifth column Indias eternal time warp There were as many Indian participants at this years annual meeting of the World Economic Forum as there were Chinese but nobody noticed India at all. Amended IT law harsh prone to misuse by taxmen Experts. Bihar Sacrifice of animals in temples irks governor [2002]. Crackdown on bullock cart races MP to move court [Maharashtra March 2010]. Crackdown on bullock cart races MP to move court. Alleging that the police have unnecessarily started banning the bullockcart races by misinterpreting the high court order.. [Maharashtra March 2010]: [deleted]. Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust investing Rs 3K cr on road connectivity project Government. Govt to take steps to boost private investment in roads shipping. Inland Waterways Authority of India starts work on converting 106 rivers into national waterways. What Can Budget 2017 Do For Retail Investors: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Make Six Changes To Indias Labour And Education Laws: [deleted]. [old] Govt to import Gir bull semen from Brazil. Budget 2017 What Next For Farm Workers As Mechanisation Kills Jobs. A new abnormal. How powerful is an Indian passport Not as much as a German one. India scores low in terms of global influence Report. Reservations A new approach to an old system: TL DR Our current reservation system is not reflective of the type of discrimination that exists in our society and we need a system that reflects it better. Reservations have been effect from the time India got independence and the only changes since then have been including some castes and modifying the percentage. Our society has changed massively since though. The aim of reservations was to give a leg up to the underprivilaged in the society and give better access to resources. While there have always been detractors from this idea it has shown some good results and many people have benefited. However as times have changed I would argue the nature of reservations hasnt kept up. We still use the same caste based system from independence. I dont think this is the best reflection of our current society. I am not for a moment suggesting there is no caste based discrimination in India I just think it is not as stark as it was back then and money talks a lot more than caste these days. And I think the reservation system must also reflect this change in the structure of the society. Firstly there is the big divide between urban and rural areas. Rural areas have very low quality schools compared to urban areas. Grouping everyone under one umbrella is unfair. So any new system must account for this difference in standard of living. Even among urban areas living in tier 1 cities is much different than living in tier 2 or 3 cities. With the same income standard of living in a tier 1 city is usually lower compared to a tier 2 city which in turn might be lower than a rural area. A better reservation system would have to incorporate the new differences. While caste discrimination exists in some aspects of our lives there is not a lot stopping a rich person from any religion or caste to join a school or any of the hundreds of coaching classes in urban areas unlike in rural areas where the caste divide is more prevalent. Currently there is roughly 50 reserved seats in educational institutes. I am not proposing to change it I am proposing to restructure the division to better reflect the current scenario. Current Split 1. OBC 27.5 2. SC 15 3. ST 7.5 New Proposal 1. Below Poverty line 5 irrespective of caste/religion/.. 2. SC Rural 7 No reservation if family income above X1 Urban 6 No reservation if family income above X2 in tier 1 cities and X3 in other cities. 3. ST Rural 3.5 No reservation if family income above Y1 Urban 3 No reservation if family income above Y2 in tier 1 cities and Y3 in other cities. 4. OBC Rural 13 No reservation if family income above Z1 Urban 12.5 No reservation if family income above Z2 in tier 1 cities and Z3 in other cities. The total works out to the same 5763.531312.5 50 The values of X1 X2.. is not important for now and someone with a better knowledge of economics can give better estimates under the condition Rural lt Tier 2 and below lt Tier 1 for income limits. This is a complicated system than what we have but so is the problem we are trying to solve. A caste based system will be useful to address a society where discrimination exists solely on the basis of caste. We live in a more complicated society where the discrimination is due to a variety of factors like money caste among others. Implementation of such a system is not very difficult. The residence status can be easily verified from Voter ID or any other address proofs we have. The income can be verified by IT returns or income certificate. I know it is not the best and people can cheat but that is a different problem and let us not mix them up. I would love to hear what you guys think. Thanks r/india.. WEF team to study Fiber Grid CM Core Dashboard. How to train your dragon Countering China. Pakistan asks India to suspend work on Kishanganga Ratle hydro power projects in Jammu and Kashmir Times of India. This is how the economy of Jallikattu works The Economic Times. RBI says doesnt know exact number of demonetised notes: [deleted]. Budget 2017 Make Six Changes To Indias Labour And Education Laws. Hong Kong Withdraws VisaFree Facility For Indians. Davos has inspired an idea for a new town in the Himalayas. Tackling malnutrition in India. The Comprehensive National Nutrition Survey being conducted by Unicef and the health ministry is the first of its kind in terms of sample size and parameters: [deleted]. Indian farmers and soybean industry are impacted by African Soybean Imports. Centre plans to make Aadhaar mandatory for food subsidy: [deleted]. 7000 Maharashtra schools served closure notice due to noncompliance of RTE norms. BangladeshIndia economic relationship A story of unrealised potential. In India small interventions bring big changes for gender equality. Temporary Internet ban justified in case of violence IT minister. The Big Picture RBIs Autonomy Status and Desirability. Growth deficit and the fiscal deficit. Chinese entry into power sector raises security fears. Why doesnt India use Polymer Bills. Lebe Jetzt Kal Ho Naa Ho Because something needs to be reposted.: [removed]. Freetrade agreement with India a high priority for Canada. India Is Considering Giving 20 Million Citizens Free Money. Many Indian Billionaires Among Top Richest People In Asia 2017. Mandatory Aadhaar for IT Returns Why make my Life MORE Difficult: I live in the US and file IT returns in India online through my bank no paper trail. I dont have an Aadhaar number. Now I hear that the government is making it mandatory for filing IT returns. What the hell am I supposed to do Make a trip to India just for getting an Aadhaar number I dont understand this. As it is less than 2 of India pays income tax. Last year I paid 2.13 lakh in taxes and got a certificate from the government. But apparently I wont be able to to pay it next year Why Because of the damn Aadhaar number Why is the government making it MORE difficult for honest citizens to pay their taxes Development is supposed to smooth things over not create more hassles Does the government want to LOWER the tax net This is such bullshit Take my fucking money quietly and stop making it difficult for me to pay you. Signed A frustrated tax payer. Source for mandatory Aadhaar http//www.businessstandard.com/article/economypolicy/incometaxreturnstorequireaadhaarnumber1170119010851.html . Some of it is behind a paywall but there are other news reports and murmurs confirming it. I think its legit. Heres another article from Firstpost about it http//www.firstpost.com/business/beginning201718quotingaadhaarnumbermaybemadecompulsoryforfilingincometaxreturns3212456.html. BIMARU States Literacy crisis for 111 mn kids little progress in 2 years. 9.9 girls in Uttar Pradesh never went to school in 2016 shows ASER survey. Japan threatens India with WTO on steel as Trump era heralds rising trade tensions. Temporary Internet ban justified in case of violence IT minister: [deleted]. Did the water youre drinking had a body floating in it Munak Canal which provides as much as 70 of the water required in the Capital also brings with itself a body almost every week. What Donald Trump has said so far on India Modi and outsourcing: [deleted]. Nitin Gadkari one of Narendra Modis senior ministers wants India to build its own Davos in the Himalayas: [deleted]. Indian politicians hit voters where it hurts at the street stall. India Innovation Index to measure performance of Indian states: [deleted]. If I were the Finance Minister this is what I would do in the Union Budget. Minimum export price of potato has been removed by Government. Spinners profitability will cut into due to Falling exports and high cotton prices. Even in rising demand Robusta coffee exports may see falling prices: [deleted]. If I were the Finance Minister this is what I would do in the Union Budget: [deleted]. The route to creating a million new jobs Philanthropists investors firms and NGOs confer at the Million Jobs Mission conclave organized by Social Ventures Partners: [deleted]. Startup Indias flaws are beginning to tell. Reform schools Andhra Pradesh governments bold step in making English medium compulsory heralds change. India Innovation Index to measure performance of Indian states: [deleted]. 1520 consumption expenditure will become digital in 1 year Nandan Nilekani. Nandan Nilekani says the use of new digital payments technologies will reduce cash in the economy but increase the cash in the banking system: [deleted]. Amitabh Kant Exclusive Can India Introduce Universal Basic Income: [deleted]. Note Ban Not A Great Idea Kenneth Rogoff Davos 2017: [deleted]. Does April Dec Tax Data Indicate A Buoyant Economy A FactCheck. In Conversation With Uday Kotak At Davos 2017: [deleted]. Peru says it and India plan to start free trade talks this quarter. The one economic indicator from India that worries everyone from Urjit Patel to ratings agencies. Exclusive India Has Just Bought 3 Billion Worth Of Emergency Weapons And Ammunition. Banks will now report deposits of Rs 10 lakh/year cash payment of Rs 1 lakh on credit card bills to IT. Govt to give Rs 10000cr incentive to electronic manufacturers. India should be concerned about Chinese submarines in the Indian Ocean USA. How can Aadhar be misused or used against me: I see a lot of people opposing Aadhar because it creates a system of mass surveillance. Lets say for the sake of argument any government official can access my Aadhar details. How will he use it against me What can he do with it . Gujarat high court raps government for not hiring Marathi Urdu medium teachers. Achhe din for jobs FMCG companies start hiring in anticipation of a demand revival. India to end coal imports in next few years. Pakistan Bangladesh better than India among emerging economies on inclusive development. Boris Johnson says Britain wants free trade deal with India. Indias dynamic economy to grow at 7.7 UN: [deleted]. Budget 2017 The Challenge Of Skilling India: [deleted]. Talks With Government On Demonetisation Began In Early 2016 RBI Governor: [deleted]. Telangana to have 200 Residential Schools for minorities KCR. Dont answer all questions that may cause problem Manmohan to Urjit. Dividend income from equity shares of an Indian company is exempt from tax in India. Kejriwal Will resolve SYL in Punjabs favour. India continues to be number one destination for investment Amitabh Kant Niti Aayog: [deleted]. Creativity will drive Indias prosperity Is anyone listening. Delhi govt in the process of opening more vocational training centres says Manish Sisodia. A Serious Look at the Proposal of Drug Decriminalisation in India: [deleted]. Narendra Modi Theres bad news for Modis digital push as card use slows and cash makes a comeback. Digitisation will hit Indian employees the most ManpowerGroup survey. Budget 2017 The Challenge Of Skilling India: [deleted]. Delhi govt fixes routes of Metro feeder buses to improve lastmile connectivity. Ten Things For Which Aadhaar Was Made Mandatory Even After an October 2015 Supreme Court Order to the Contrary. Foreign Secy S Jaishankar takes veiled dig at Pak at Raisina Dialogue Full text of his address. Budget 2017 wishlist Five expectations from the infrastructure sector. Indias most conflictridden state becomes the first in the country to commit to a universal basic income. Optimism Reigns in India as CEOs Consumers Look Beyond China. In intermediate to longer term India represents extraordinarily good opportunity Abby Joseph Cohen Goldman Sachs. Kerala to unveil new IT policy set to address Brexit demonetisation and Trump: [deleted]. Over 100 bank employees penalised for malpractices during note ban. Optimism Reigns in India as CEOs Consumers Look Beyond China: [deleted]. Crazy Indian Tax on Foreign Funds Will Backfire: [deleted]. The Indian State of Telangana Plans to Get 23 Million People Online Using Fiber Optic Cable. WEF Reliance Industries Mukesh Ambani says Demonetisation success proves India ready for 4th industrial revolution. Violence against women hurts the economy India is caught in a depressing cycle of lack of empowerment of women and low economic productivity in society. Budget 2017 Arun Jaitley likely to take the stimulus route to economic growth. Violence against women hurts the economy India is caught in a depressing cycle of lack of empowerment of women and low economic productivity in society: [deleted]. Railways to rope in private players to modernise 23 stations. Suresh Prabhu unveils 10year energy plan for Railways to save Rs41000 crore. Indias Waterways Promise Better Connectivity. India will have 7 mega cities by 2030. Indias economy projected to grow by 7.7 in FY 2017 UN report. Bad news for Modibaiters Not China India to be worlds fastest growing economy in 2017 2018 says IMF. GST to have minimal impact on inflation GDP growth Nomura. Niti Aayog to rank states on digital metrics seeks data. Live Harnessing Regional Cooperation in South Asia World Economic Forum Annual Meeting. How powerful is an Indian passport Not as much as a German one: [deleted]. India beats US in 2016 mobile app market growth sees most Google Play downloads. Yet to enrol for Aadhaar Hurry it could soon become a universal payment ID. Forget job losses Midsized financial firms on hiring spree now. NDA changed regulations on tribal rights to prevent 130 mines from auction: [deleted]. Raisina 2017 Live Stream. Maneka Sex offenders registry need of the hour. Water Woes Saving Indias Dwindling Groundwater is Urgent. Dont defecate near Ganga says official. Super Fine Knitters Ltd IPO of Worth Rs 4.08 Crore. BSNL to relaunch Rs 498 unlimited 3G data plans on Republic Day more plans to be revealed soon. Budget 2017 Nitin Gadkariled Road ministry seeks funds to decongest metros. Pakistan leaves India behind in WEFs development index. Serious job losses are taking place Amartya Sen. Why is Indias steel consumption rising. Budget 2017 for the salaried class. Serious job losses are taking place Amartya Sen. Budget Wish List India Inc Seeks Lower Tax Rate Exemptions. Lopsided Development Fuelling Migration Telanganas KT Rama Rao. Another bad news for Modi now India falls from top five most promising markets globally. BSF strictly enforces nomobile phone rule while on duty Centre plans to develop app for forces to air grievances. 57 Indian Billionaires Own Wealth Equal to Bottom 70 of Countrys Population. Indias crazy retrospective tax on foreign funds will tarnish countrys reputation. Govt to integrate BHIM app with Aadhaar for transactions. GST deadlock ends All set for 1 July roll out uncertainty clears for India Inc. How can Aadhar be misused or used against me: I see a lot of people opposing Aadhar because it creates a system of mass surveillance. Lets say for the sake of argument any government official can access my Aadhar details. How will he use it against me What can he do with it. How Indias government finances stack up against peers. What does the tax data tell us about the state of the economy: [deleted]. USChina trade war could get ugly pretty fast Rajan. Experts question success of Make in India campaign. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley may lower corporate tax in Budget 2017 Deloitte. Illegal immigrants from India will be a nervous lot in the Donald Trump regime. Environment ministrys expert panel to ignore antidevelopment groups. Budget 2017 Indias Missing Women Workers. Budget 2017 Nirmala Sitharaman signals startups may get tax benefits. How can Aadhar be misused or used against me: [deleted]. Economic Records of Past 4 Governments Vajpayee UPA III amp Modi. India no longer the worlds fastestgrowing economy IMF. Indias fiscal deficit target could be 3.5 per cent next year Bank of America Merill Lynch. GST Council Resolves DualControl Issue Defers Rollout To July 1. India May Lose Fastest Growing Economy Tag To China After Note Ban Shows IMF Forecast: [deleted]. Government wont return to subsidies on petrol diesel Dharmendra Pradhan. Know what will happen to your money when Paytm becomes payments bank: [deleted]. IMF cuts Indias GDP growth forecast to 6.6. India 60th in inclusive development index ranks below China Pakistan. How India Nearly Gave in to US Pressure to Enter the Iraqi Killing Zone. [AskIndia] ELI5 What is GST How does it work What are its pros and cons. Home jamun tree. India May Soon Begin Rs 9300 Crore Project To Link Ken And Betwa Rivers. DEA Secy Shaktikanta Das warns Amazon says Desist from being flippant about Indian symbols. Fifth column Poverty glorious poverty. The question we should all really be asking is why India remains one of the poorest countries in the world with such a profusion of leaders who love poor people.. Cutting free ATM withdrawals to three being considered. [NP] Fat tax in works If Narendra Modi approves everything from Maggi to pizzas could fall in net. See 1012 FY18 earnings growth FY17 may be hit Credit Suisse. What to expect from Budget 2017 in an uncertain GST environment. Delhi govt increases monthly pension of elderly widows and disabled. Watch How Indias Ambitious Aadhaar Identification Program Often Fails to Deliver: [deleted]. Cutting free ATM withdrawals to three being considered: [deleted]. Why Indian jobseekers need to worry about changes to H1B. India will remain one of the fastest growing major economies in 2017 ICRA. Richest 1 own 58 of total wealth in India Oxfam. Range Rover Evoque Petrol variant Launched in India Priced at Rs. 53.20 Lakh. Government in talks with startups to push contactless payment. Should the budget stray from straight and narrow path of fiscal consolidation. Indias economic activity to pick up in second half of 2017 Moodys. Soldier live story at border . .... Argumentative Indians Part 1 India vs China: Argumentative Indians Part 1 India vs China In the late 90s and early 2000s we used to have a lot of discussion on China VS India. Who will win the race. India being a democracy was supposed to be better and more equipped to win. What surprised me most I was quite naive back then the unreasonable positive proIndia stand almost everyone seems to have politicians media social scientist etc. We almost blind to the other side. We had certain chief Minister who during one of foreign trips was amazed to see the development in Shanghai and declared that within few years Bombay will overtake Shanghai. However the following year we have massive floods in the same city. Post 2008 Beijing Olympics there has been less noise on this. I guess the race is over now. IF you are going to point out how Chinese economy is going to collapse. That partially true but it doesnt remove the fact that China has achieved a lot. We have in comparison far far behind. Question Why we as a nation are so narrow minded and not have a good discussion about things that matter Why do we have tendency to fall for the perceived greatness of India either in past of future. BTW 2020 is just around the corner. Not sure how much have we achieved to call ourselves developed nation. . Illegal immigrants from India will be a nervous lot in the Donald Trump regime: [deleted]. Affordable homes will be a reality after cash ban Deepak Parekh. What to expect from Budget 2017 in an uncertain GST environment: [deleted]. Watch How Indias Ambitious Aadhaar Identification Program Often Fails to Deliver India Real Time: [deleted]. BREAKING Petrol price hiked by 42 paisa a litre diesel by Rs 1.03 per litre effective midnight. KenBetwa first interstate riverlink project to be launched soon. Lawyer reminisces the day jallikattu was banned first. Adani Group to invest Rs 49000 crore in Gujarat in the next 5 years. Fifth column Poverty glorious poverty. The question we should all really be asking is why India remains one of the poorest countries in the world with such a profusion of leaders who love poor people.: [deleted]. Fault Lines of Indias Medical Education Case Study for the World: [deleted]. Amazonbetter behave. Desist from being flippant about Indian symbols amp icons. Indifference will be at your own peril.. IDRBT whitepaper on Applications of the Blockchain technology to Banking and Financial Sector in India [pdf]. Sugar mutual funds and telecom The bright spots amid Narendra Modis demonetisation gloom. No debate on healthcare in India India accords scant regard to healthcare encouraging rampant selfmedication and turning a blind eye to escalating outofpocket expenses. Arun Jaitley may lower corporate tax in budget survey. Fifth column Poverty glorious poverty. Union Budget on February 1 will be like no other. Budget 2017 Higher tax breaks on home loans likely. How Indians triumphed in America. America needs to consider what it might lose if it curbs the influx of clever hardworking entrepreneurial Indian immigrants. NITI Aayog set to release threeyear action plan in two months. How long will tips and service charges last in a cashless world. Indias trade deficit with China mounts to 46.56 billion. Cashstrapped Bengal govt to enter liquor distribution business. Make English must in all schools one Englishmedium school per block Panel. ISI backed Kandahar hijackers Plane crisis negotiator Doval. Trumps attack on pharma industry wont harm Indian generic drug makers analysts. NITI Aayog set to release threeyear action plan in two months: [deleted]. Modi Government Is Considering Taxing Your Cash Withdrawals Report. Amazon stops sale of manja. The Big Picture Two years of NITI Aayog: [deleted]. Ashok Gulati in State Of The Economy: [deleted]. Ashok Gulati in State Of The Economy: [deleted]. India hopes to save on 54 of its electricity bill by replacing street lamps with LED lights. Indias online spend to touch Rs875600 crore by 2018 Report. Indian shoppers are likely to spend almost 85 more on global online marketplaces in 2017 across categories say a report jointly published by PayPal and Ipsos. Finance Ministry says that it respects the autonomy and independence of the Reserve Bank of India. Why is ONGC Paying Rs 8000 Crore For GSPCs Useless Gas Block Asks Jairam Ramesh. Government issuing newlook and tamperproof PAN cards IncomeTax Department. Vibrant Gujarat summit. Wait wheres the investor. Indias share of global economy to increase Lars Heikensten Executive Director Nobel Foundation. Budget 2017 A wishlist from Indias startup entrepreneurs. Reports of industrial and economic activity in November amp December show growth in sectors. Overreach Undermines the Credibility of Indias Supreme Court Judges in India want to do everybodys job but their own.: [deleted]. Unemployment in India to increase marginally in 201718 UN report. Indias trade deficit with China mounts to 46.56 billion. The total IndiaChina bilateral trade in 2016 amounted to 70.8 billion a decline of 2.1 as per the trade figures released by General Administration of Customs. Note ban RBI employee union expresses concern over finance ministrys intervention. India to Spend 250Bln on Defense Purchases Over 10 Years Defense Ministry: [deleted]. Dec trade deficit at 10.37 bn exports highest since Mar 2015. 24 HCs short of 43.65 per cent judges 40.54 L pending cases. The worlds thirdworst airline has come up with a bizarre assigned seating plan to make women feel safer. Gujarat awaits a brand new startup policy this year. Sugar mutual funds and telecom The bright spots amid Narendra Modis demonetisation gloom: [deleted]. Draft vehicle scrappage policy soon Gadkari. Unemployment in India to increase marginally in 201718 Report. Industrial production grows 5.7 in November yearonyear manufacturing mining sectors shine: [deleted]. Job creation likely to be key thrust area of Budget 2017. Modis Setback on Black Money Editorial Board. Niti Aayog set to redraw the poverty line. US exploring new partnership in smart cities in India. World Bank downgrades Indias growth forecast after demonetisation. Indias IIP rises 5.7 in November retail inflation decelerates in December. IIP rose at the fastest rate in 13 months shrugging off the note ban impact. Crisil launches new credit rating system for infra projects. 10 per cent bonus in the works for early National Highway completion. India Is In The Midst Of A Demographic Disaster Mohandas Pai. Infosys Q3 net profit rises 2.3 QoQ beats Street estimates. Indias Economy Faces a Choppy Recovery. At Andhras integrated business city its trains to toys and cars to chocolates. Spread over 7500 acres Sri City hopes to expand to 10000 acres and houses an eclectic mix of 145 manufacturing units.. Job creation likely to be key thrust area of Budget 2017: [deleted]. NITI Aayog projects 8 growth rate. World Bank cuts Indias FY17 growth forecast to 7. Contrary to fears of slowdown factory output grows 5.7 in November. N Chandrasekaran Key facts about new Tata Sons chairman. India Is In The Midst Of A Demographic Disaster Mohandas Pai: [deleted]. RBI does not decide anything anymore PM Modi does Amartya Sen. Indias factory output grows 5.7 in November despite note ban concerns. Will the Trump presidency mean a change in Indias Act East Policy in 2017. India Solar Prices Set to Drop on Competition Costs Prices could dip lower than the 4.34 rupees 6 cents a kilowatthour offered in auctions. LossMaking PSUs How Modi Government Can Get Rid Of This Remnant Of Indias Socialist Era. India Is In The Midst Of A Demographic Disaster Mohandas Pai: [deleted]. Will Aadhaar help the poor become cashless. Garib Kalyan Yojna for Kalyan of Rich or Poor: [deleted]. See IndoUS trade at 500 billion in 7 years John Chambers. After BSF jawans Facebook row CRPF soldier sends heartrending YouTube video message to PM Narendra Modi. India Solar Prices Set to Drop Amid Competition Lower Costs. Fifty days after demonetisation was announced an analysis. Factory output retail inflation data for December to be released today Economists expect that due to the disruptive face of the economy on account of demonetisation it will be difficult to forecast the IIP numbers. Becoming responsible citizens: So I have been thinking that as citizens of India if we lack something the most that is discipline. The kind of discipline that makes you a responsible citizen. Things such as Obeying laws Respecting others Not being indifferent to others misery Play your role in protecting the environment/ lower carbon footprint/ polluting less And so much more... So how do we incorporate discipline in our citizens One thought that comes to mind would be having some kind of compulsory service that every citizen needs to enroll in atleast for a year or two. That could involve either having to enroll in the military or if that seems too extreme establishing a civil service commission of some sort. If you decided to join the military you would have to enroll only for a year. If you instead declared yourself as a pacifist you would have to join the service commission for a period of two years. That could involve playing a role in emergency/ relief services participating in cleanliness drives and so forth. New agencies to monitor pollution cleanliness crime etc. would also need to be established. Agencies where citizens could enroll and participate in activities as part of their civil service. I think more than anything the compulsory service would inculcate a sense of responsibility which is otherwise difficult to cultivate. Also now would be the best time to do so. The present government has majority and implementing reforms such as these would be relatively easy. My two cents What do others think. India Is In The Midst Of A Demographic Disaster Mohandas Pai: [deleted]. Is Indias Unemployment Situation Going From Bad To Worse. Saab is keen on making India a global hub for nextgen fighter jets Jan Widerstrm. TIL Harvards endowment in 2015 was more than 3 times Indias education budget: [deleted]. Factory output retail inflation data for December to be released today: [deleted]. Private Equity firms attend meet with FinMin on FDIs. India Is In The Midst Of A Demographic Disaster Mohandas Pai: [deleted]. Losing the way on highways Latest News ampamp Updates at Daily News ampamp Analysis. FM Arun Jaitley to launch Airtels Payments Bank tomorrow. When Will India Reach The Lewis Turning Point. What Explains The 22 Surprise Rise In Indias Tax Revenue. Policy Watch Episode 250. HOME LOANS get Cheaper. Policy Watch Episode 250: [deleted]. Arun Jaitley reiterates 1 April deadline for GST rollout. Jaitley said the GST regime will lead to a seamless and hasslefree transfer of goods and services in the country. Dhaba bites SYL canal slugfest highlights pollbound Punjabs water woes. Manufacturing value added constant 2010 US India Ranks 6th. The Automotive Sector Can Transform South Asia Economically. Reliance Jio download speed at 18 mbps in Dec highest since launch Trai. RBI chief Urjit Patel urges govt to be mindful of debt levels. Manufacturing value added constant 2010 US India Ranks 6th: [deleted]. RBI doesnt decide anything all decisions are taken by Modi Amartya Sen. RBI chief Urjit Patel urges govt to be mindful of debt levels: [deleted]. RBI chief Urjit Patel urges govt to be mindful of debt levels. Urjit Patel in a speech at the Vibrant Gujarat summit says the govt debt to GDP ratio is also constraining the countrys sovereign ratings: [deleted]. The fight against hidden hunger Prioritizing early childhood nutrition is key to ensuring Indias development rests on strong and steady shoulders. Even in rising demand Robusta coffee exports may see falling prices. People living near BSFs JampK camp say officers sell rations to civilians at half the market rate: [deleted]. Is the Indian coal domino about to fall. India plays outsized role in global affairs says US state department Times of India. With Growing Automotive Sector and Government Initiatives Indian LED Lighting Market Witnessing Tremendous Growth Trajectory. Reforms likely to boost mediumterm growth Moodys. Heres The BehindTheScenes Thinking About A Universal Basic Income For Every Indian Citizen. The annual UBI figure supported by leading economists range from Rs3500 to Rs10000.. AgraLucknow expressway Its miles to go before its safe for driving. Your credit score will decide how much home loan EMI you would pay. The fight against hidden hunger Prioritizing early childhood nutrition is key to ensuring Indias development rests on strong and steady shoulders: [deleted]. Turbulence in South China Sea India Offers Missile to Vietnam: [deleted]. Manufacturing value added constant 2010 US: [deleted]. Note ban gains highly uncertain says Fitch. ELI5 GST Tax Payer Registration: Which business owners are supposed to register Is there any minimum earning limit for a person/firm to register What about professionals like dentists/lawyers Small shop owners . Governments Thrust On Housing To Create More Jobs HDFCs Keki Mistry. The Case for State Funding of Elections on a Per Vote Basis. Soldier live story at border . .... Supreme Court to hear plea seeking revocation of Indus Water Treaty Calling the treaty unconstitutional the petition has called for a scrapping of the Indus Water Treaty between India and Pakistan.. Why is whole country not buzz of Global Investor summit many PMs Presidents of countries best companies in the world: [removed]. PM to inaugurate Vibrant Gujarat Summit today eyes 22000 MoUs over 4 days: [deleted]. No country in the world that has a better plan for the future than India John Chambers Cisco USIBC. MakeInIndia VibrantGujarat2017: [deleted]. Nearly 600 died in custody from 20092015 in India Human Rights Watch. BHIM App Frequently Asked Questions Released. 250000 people employed in india. Will continue to make investments across sectors Prem Watsa Fairfax MakeInIndia VibrantGujarat2017: [deleted]. PM Modi Inaugurates 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit in Gandhinagar Gujarat [LIVE]: [deleted]. Emerson Electric has 10 manufacturing facilities across India creating over 6000 jobs. MakeInIndia has delivered. VibrantGujarat2017: [deleted]. Watch 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit Indias Largest Investor summit: [removed]. PM Modi Inaugurates 8th Vibrant Gujarat Global Summit in Gandhinagar Gujarat: [deleted]. Vibrant Gujarat Summit 2017 LIVE PM Modi greets foreign dignitaries in Gandhinagar: [deleted]. RIL invested USD 45 bn in GJ largest investment by an Indian corporate in a single state Mukesh Ambani MakeInIndia VibrantGujarat2017: [deleted]. Demonetisation Rs34 trillion of evaded income deposited in banks IT officials. BHIM app gets 10 million downloads in 10 days PM Narendra Modi is delighted. The Cost of Indias ManMade Currency Crisis: [deleted]. Indus pips Apple amp Microsoft to become the second largest smartphone operating system in India: [deleted]. Agriculture Sector in India Expected to Grow at 12 Driven by Government Support and Easy Credit Availability. Tomato Farmers Are In Trouble Due To Pakistan Export Bar. [ShowerThought] The Good Samaritan Law must be renamed to Greedy Samaritan Law. We need a monetary incentive to help others in an accident.. India has a booming young workforce The reality is alarming. Dont Link Kashmir Lull To Notes Ban Worse Yet To Come Warns Yashwant Sinha. Construction real estate projects spike in December quarter despite note ban. From Modified India lessons for Americas builderinchief Donald Trump. If you look at public infrastructure spending as a quick and easy way to boost growth and jobs then youre asking for trouble. Narendra Modi flying blind into budget as note ban clouds GDP data: [deleted]. Govt working to develop infrastructure facilities in villages Rajyawardhan Singh Rathore. Strength in numbers India not China is the giant with momentum. Kerala HC Strikes Down UGC Criteria Giving Relaxation To Reserved Categories For Qualifying NET. Narendra Modi hopes GIFT City to become pricesetter in a decade. Centre hikes driving licence fee 5fold in Delhi to Rs 200: [deleted]. Narendra Modi hopes GIFT City to become pricesetter in a decade. PM Narendra Modi was speaking at the inauguration of BSEs whollyowned unit India International Exchange INX at GIFT City in Gandhinagar: [deleted]. Donald Trump to nominate Ashley Tellis as next ambassador to India report. Demonetisation will have further reverse effect on GDP Manmohan Singh. Supreme court issues notice to Punjab for giving free power to farmers: [deleted]. Modis Empty Promises May Have Pushed Mongolia Into Chinas Arms. Digital transactions mobileapp BHIM downloaded 10 million times PM Narendra Modi. BHIM app gets 10 million downloads in 10 days PM Narendra Modi is delighted: [deleted]. In less than a month India will present its annual budget based on unreliable GDP numbers. Some protectionism needed to help domestic companies SBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya. SBI says home loan queries jump over three times since rate cut. Hydel revival commercial mining by private companies crucial. Cashless is king in Modis India as emoney stocks surge from demonetisation. Not in English.The Western girl on Indias streets Get used to the Western girl s millions of them its possibly the only way to keep predators away: [deleted]. After midnight deal govt says no surcharge on fuel customers petrol pumps. Trump and Sessions plan to restrict highly skilled foreign workers. Hyderabad says to bring it on.. MGNREGAs easy jobs may have harmed Indias manufacturing sector by luring away skilled factory workers. Ruchir Sharma Prannoy Roy On The Elections And Economy In 2017: [deleted]. Is it right for the shopkeeper to ask for 1 extra when I opt to pay by debit card: Went to buy a keyboard. The shopkeeper had me pay 1 extra since I wanted to pay via debit card. On top of that they did not provide me a receipt for 1. Instead inflated the item price to cover that. ampnbsp Edit Thank you all for your points. Talked to few friends as well. They said such a practice is quite common. Better to carry cash next time. . Will a universal basic income work in India. 8590 fall Jewellers face in locals business exports unaffected. EL5 Why Banks want to levy transaction fees: There is a need to maintain POS terminal and servers etc but then there is also a need to service maintain numerous ATM machines too. If ATM withdrawals are going okay without major withdrawal fees for so many years isnt the infrastructure for debit card based purchases easier to maintain I am wondering if hypothetically cashless becomes a majority and banks dont levy additional charges is it bad for the banks in the long run. Catching them young DIPP reaches out to school kids to spread awareness on intellectual property. Modi Flying Blind Into Budget as Indias GDP a Guessing Game. India needs to pass the Oceania test to be a great power. India Will Likely See A Worsening Investment Climate in 2017. Guilt pain and Indias economic ritual cleansing. Will not accept debit/credit cards from tonight say petroleum dealers. BHIM app crosses 7 million downloads 1 million transactions within first week of launch. PAN a must for excise service taxpayers for GST registration. Notes ban to have significant impact on GDP in shortterm. Railways offers platforms for setting up over 2000 ATMs To increase revenue from nontariff sources Railways is all set to reach out to advertising firms for spaces in trains level crossings besides offering platforms for installing ATMs. EXCLUSIVE FM may unveil GST timeline state compensation corpus on Feb 1. Tax department asks banks to report predemonetisation cash deposits. Railways offers platforms for setting up over 2000 ATMs: [deleted]. Ewallets online cabs top cashless performers post note ban. Cards ATMs POS will be redundant by 2020 in India says Niti Aayog CEO. ATM cards POS machines will become redundant by 2020 says Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant: [deleted]. Ruchir Sharma Prannoy Roy On The Elections And Economy In 2017: [deleted]. Kerala Labour settlements under scanner. Monetisation of 75 projects will fetch funding for national highway execution ICRA. Budget session of Parliament convened from 31 January The Union budget the first one which will subsume the railway budget is to be presented on 1 February. Narendra Modi bats for transparency in political funding. Industry needs 3 months to implement GST after finalization of rules Ficci. GDP growth estimates Dhoni steps down and banks cut rates Indias GDP expected to grow 7.1 in 201516 Dhoni steps down as ODI and T20 captain banks from SBI to PNB cut loan rates. Explain demonetisation your role flipflops secrecy Parliament panel to RBI Governor Urjit Patel indianexpress.com: [removed]. In Why India Is Not A Great Power Yet Bharat Karnads majestic breadth of national ambition surpasses even the wildest interpretation of Machiavellis The Prince.. Cards ATMs POS will be redundant by 2020 in India Niti Aayog. Nitin Gadkaris road construction targets ambitious Experts: [deleted]. Cards ATMs POS will be redundant by 2020 in India Niti Aayog: [deleted]. Per capita income of Indians to cross Rs 1 lakh in FY17. Catching them young DIPP reaches out to school kids to spread awareness on intellectual property: [deleted]. Estimates of demonetised notes back with banks may be incorrect RBI. Purify the parties Prime Minister Modi has proven that he can gamble on big ideas. He must now close the loopholes in political finance to tackle corruption.. Catching them young DIPP reaches out to school kids to spread awareness on intellectual property: [deleted]. How top Indian drug makers like Sun Pharma Glenmark are building a brands business in the US: [deleted]. Noteban impact SBI Research pegs FY17 GDP down to 6.7: [deleted]. Thousands of Jobs at Risk as Modi Plans Company SellOffs: [deleted]. How to go about chasing black money. Statisticianspeak TCA Anant. MGNREGAs easy jobs may have harmed Indias manufacturing sector by luring away skilled factory workers: [deleted]. Rich cultured and lonely How Indias rising class looks for love now: [deleted]. Taking people from ATMs to PoS channels NPCI focus says chairman A.P. Hota: [deleted]. To cut Import Duty on Gold there is no proposal from Government. Indias economic growth projected to slow. TIL Bank deposits in India are protected only up to Rs.100000 if the banks fail.: Everything else is a perception E.g. government is a majority shareholder in PSU banks and hence these banks wont be allowed to fail. Source https//www.dicgc.org.in/english/FDAGuideToDepositInsurance.htmlq3. Taking people from ATMs to PoS channels NPCI focus says chairman A.P. Hota: [deleted]. Indians per capita income may rise by 10.4 cross Rs 1 lakh in FY2017. Aadhaar made mandatory for receiving benefits under EPS. Vibrant Gujarat 2017 Gujarats Knowledge Economy English. GDP growth to slow to 7.1 in FY17 Govt sidestepping demonetisation impact: [deleted]. Delhi Metro PhaseIV gets government nod: [deleted]. Delhi Government unveils Good Samaritan Policy: [deleted]. SC notice to state on plea against free power policy. Indias GDP growth estimated to fall at 7.1 per cent in 201617 Govt. Jobs at stake as Narendra Modi considers strategic sales across India. Telangana Chief Minister KC Rao announces monthly Rs.1000 Pension Scheme for single women. Jallikattu Conflict of Interest issue with SC judgement and what needs to be done and: A Issues highlighted by Biodiversity Conservation Council of India BiCCI Conflict of Interest Study on Jallikattu done by interested parties essentially members of PFA/relatives of activists who had approached supreme court for the ban. BiCCI appears to be claiming that various parties approached SC for ban on Jallikattu and the court mandated study was conducted by the bodies which approached for a ban. All three members of the study were either part of organisations which asked for the ban one member of the study is the husband of one of the appellants B SC rationale for ban as explained by BiCCI 1 Jallikattu is animal fighting not allowed in Sec 11 2 All activities under Jallikattu amounts to animal cruelty not allowed in Sec 11 3 Cattle essentially character is to eat grass and run when under threat. Hence its not a performing animal. Performing animal defined Under Sec 22 appears that this notification claiming bulls are not performing animals was issued by Jairam Ramesh while the case was being heard C What central government is doing and why it might not be sufficient 1 Central government only modifying Sec 22. Last year central govt brought a notification stating that if bulls are present in Sec 22 they can be used in Jallikattu. This was blocked by Supreme court. 2 Currently they are trying to introduce a clause stating that bulls can be used for Jallikattu. Source [BiCCI press conference]https//www.youtube.com/watchvN9JvCv71feE. News in Numbers US bids to raise H1B visa holders minimum salary to 100000: [deleted]. Government set to overhaul public spending. Admit RTE kids school not a moneymaking venture Bombay HC. Minority students to be treated on par with SCs and STs. Estimates of demonetised notes back with banks may be incorrect RBI: [deleted]. MoUs worth 30 lakh crore may be signed in Vibrant Gujarat 2017 edition. Mohandas Pai India at 2030 How Tech Entrepreneurship Will Create A 10 Trillion Economy: [deleted]. Martin Wolf The long and painful journey to world disorder. As the era of globalisation ends will protectionism and conflict define the next phase: [deleted]. Cash crunch Alternative lending is touted to be one of the hottest sectors for this year. Customers get Bhim App but arent finding avenues for use: [deleted]. Aadhaar made mandatory for receiving benefits under EPS: [deleted]. India no longer a jobseekers market as note ban turns the tables in employers favour: [deleted]. Health systems leapfrogging in India a need and a possibility: [deleted]. Job cuts loom large as Modi plans strategic sales of sick staterun companies: [deleted]. Job cuts loom large as Modi plans strategic sales of sick staterun companies: [deleted]. Boeing said close to 10.1 billion order from SpiceJet: [deleted]. Projects in road shipping sector to cross over Rs 6 lakh crore by March. Japan ready to associate in development of Chennai and Varanasi. Indias great school education challenge Crisis in BIMARU states: [deleted]. Jobs at stake as Narendra Modi considers strategic sales across India. Saathi Healthcare startup makes biodegradable pads from banana fibre: [deleted]. Chandigarh is looking at you 2017. States to be judged on their performance in providing logistical support to companies. Vibrant Gujarat Marketing gimmick or investment driver While investment commitments at Vibrant Gujarat conclave have surged over the years there is little evidence to show that majority of these have materialized. Is MGNREGA destroying factory jobs Disquieting data shows it discourages skill development. India eyes to cut defence budget by 50 within a decade Subhash R Bhamre. UP has more children than people in Spain but fewest teachers low outcomes Indias largest state by population has the worst pupilteacher ratio. Delhis Connaught Place to go vehiclefree from February. Kiran Bedi cancels Puducherry CMs circular on use of social media by officials. UP has more children than people in Spain but fewest teachers low outcomes Indias largest state by population has the worst pupilteacher ratio: [deleted]. Indias Great School Education Challenge Crisis In BIMARU States. India to endorse Universal Basic Income giving free money to all its citizens. India inches closer to K9 selfpropelled howitzer deal. Supply chain disruption Reared in punjab milked in gujarat for sale in delhi Indias No. 1 cowbreeding state suffers twin body blow first from gaurakshaks and now from notebandi. With crude oil prices rising will govt roll back excise duties on petro products. Satisfaction of 4G users high Jio to trigger more tariff cuts Survey. Indias great school education challenge Crisis in BIMARU states. Is MGNREGA destroying factory jobs Disquieting data shows it discourages skill development: [deleted]. Govt bans import of exotic animal and reptile skins. Economy poised for good growth in quarters ahead Industry captains. Which private bank do you use and what are the pros/cons: Title. Im curious about the fees/hidden fees and minimum avg balance etc. Official sites are confusing with 35 types of accounts for each bank. Edit Which debit card do you get by default Any fees like balance checking fee/cheque receiveing fee etc which is not usually present with SBI/other govt banks P. S. I opened a Digibank account 2 months ago. Just requires signing up and then eKYC at any CCD. 7 interest rate for savings no bank office no passbook no cheque. Free physical visa atm card unlimited withdrawal at any atm. International transfer by NEFT/IMPS/Card.. Andhra Pradesh and databased governance. Yarn export entitlement quota for 1 year Govt extends garments. ICRA says Gold import will determine Indias current account deficit. What is your stance on Union Budget being presented before elections in 5 states:  Will it effect the election results If yes who will benefit Is it acceptable Is it planned since it is the first time the budget will be presented in the starting of Feb rather than the end. Pulses selling below support prices in over 200 markets Report. Gap between Indias share in world GDP and world market cap at highest in 13 years. Gap between Indias share in world GDP and world market cap at highest in 13 years: [deleted]. TRAI issues paper on netneutrality. FDI inflow grows 27 in AprilOctober period. Is MGNREGA destroying factory jobs Disquieting data shows it discourages skill development: [deleted]. Green panel clears ToR for Rs 224 cr road project in Karnataka. Road Ministry seeks Rs 90904 crore for 201718: [deleted]. Startups should focus on strong fundamentals. IT department ropes in experts from Big Four to unearth black money. BHIM on Twitter Users pls beware Decline all unknown payment requests you may get We will work on an update which will allow you to report spam.. If UPI Payments work in India it will work everywhere Sundar Pichai CEO Google. BHIM app update: With the latest update 4 Jan accepting and requesting money works seamlessly.. now the UPI address exists too if I type in other apps.. only QR code isnt working but I expect that to get fixed soon if they keep updating the app regularly. Bihar Uttar Pradesh Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh have worst literacy rates school outcomes These states are home to 43.6 of Indias schoolage population between the ages of five and 14.. Indias great school education challenge Crisis in BIMARU states. Emerging RussiaPakistan Strategic Ties May Become Indias Newest Bugbear Analysis. BHIM app users raise security concerns within first week. In a first India to attend international conference on Israel and Palestine. [Policy] CII wants corporate tax rate slashed to 18 in budget. US asks India Pakistan to work together to resolve issue. Bullet trains can wait says E Sreedharan [old]. Service Charge Illegal in India: Recently service charge is now banned in India. How I understand that is less money for the consumer to pay but will it heavily affect the people in the service industry or will they just increase the rates so that this new policy meant to help us inadvertently bites us back. Can someone please break it down. [NP] Union Budget 20172018 Public expectations: [deleted]. LicensePermit Rajera Traffic laws/rules in Iindia are heavilyloaded against the driver and in favor of the Cops leading to more Corruption amp less enforcement: I just realized how easily Indian Traffic Cops are allowed to seize the vehicle for offenses such as Parking Violations and not having a license. The laws create way too much trouble for a citizen to bother following and so majority prefer to pay a bribe. I am not aware that confiscating drivers licenses/vehicles is a regular practice in Europe or the US like it is in India. Heres a report dwelling on the same http//timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/mumbai/Corruptionawayoflifefortrafficpoliceshowswebsite/articleshow/47054144.cms gt MUMBAI Every government office is a den of corruption but it is on the roads that people end up paying bribes most often as everything is loaded in favour of the traffic police. Few motorists know the legal provisions and others simply want to save the hassle of following up on the case in court. Posts on the website of nonprofit outfit Janaagraha ipaidabribe.com speak volumes about how bribing has become a way of life on the roads. gtDesai recalled an incident where a traffic police officer asked him to halt after he had unknowingly jumped a signal. gtHe refused to hand me a challan and simply got into my vehicle insisting that I drive down to the chowky Desai said. I was taken aback. He made a few inquiries and asked me where I worked before eventually letting me off with a warning. gtEarlier this month a biker took to Facebook to complain about harassment by a traffic constable Maruti Chakor resulting in his suspension. The constable had stopped the biker Isaac Anthony at Mazgaon and demanded a bribe. When Anthony refused Chakor made him wait for hours at the chowky. Anthony was let off when he decided to speak to the police commissioner. gtThis is exactly how citizens who refuse to pay bribes are punished Sanjay Ahuja a member of the Responsible Road Users Club RRUC said. I was made to wait for an entire day at the traffic outpost to retrieve my documents. . To Export Rice China Permits 14 Indian Firms. The Indian government is about to endorse giving all its citizens free money set to endorse Universal Basic Income. Will The Modi Governments Push For Affordable Housing Work. Startups brace up for legal war with Income Tax department. Startups brace up for legal war with Income Tax department: [deleted]. What changes are required in India to make a sustainable double digit growth: Is it labour reforms or gst or something else . What nine Nobel Prize winners can do for Indian science RampD and foreign investments. Economists of r/India Why India is so poor in economic terms inspite having pool of resources people:  we have so high rate of interest at first place where as in many developed nation they had zero interest rate for [decades.]http//chartsbin.com/view/1631 Is not This that is driving all prices like crazy be it housing or commodity How one suppose to take risk and start business at such a high interest rate Also since now all currenciestalking about major ones are too stronger than ours does that mean we will have to depend on them forever since for developing our manufacturing base we may need technology and equipment from outside And our currency wonot help This thought is driving me crazy how a nation can grow in this highly interconnected world with so much domination How we will be able to achieve an exceptional accelerated growth rate to meet the demand for ever rising populous P.S. We had enough of demonetization bull shit can we discuss something worthwhile my request P.P.S please add other reason for such a poor growth of such a resource rich nation If possible do include some good read on the topics reports and success stories of other nations I will keep updating and adding more points as we go along So far these points have been made Edit 1 1Socialist policies of past point taken but we have liberalised along with Chinese and Korean yet have no comparison today 2 Education well point taken but again this is a very long long term strategy We have top class institution like iit iim iisc they are enough to provide for minimal tech support need yet my point is India is huge nation strong enough to sustain itself on its own demand and we still donot have basic industry to full fill our needs Like processed food industry is absent Airports are absent Roads railways are absent for these we donot need new research ...have not we restricted ourself with this overly protective monetary policy not promoting investment instead promoting savings ... And now in this global world where we are pressed whats the way out . Linking Power to People Seen Costing 10 Billion a Year in India. Keep labourintensive sectors out of GST ambit Nirmala Sitharaman. The Indian government is about to endorse giving all its citizens free money: [deleted]. Sarna Scrap blacklist announce amnesty for Sikh political prisoners. PM Modis new year sops to cost govt Rs3500 crore annually SBI Research. GST Council fails to discuss dual control rollout by July 2017 unlikely Infracircle. Delhi govt plans AC maxi cabs to plug lastmile connectivity gaps. Fadnavis Lets Blacklisted UK Banknote Printing Firm Set Up Unit. Freedom fighter Udham Singhs kin on dharna for peons job. After Israel and Russia outgoing US administration meddles in Indus Waters dispute. India has inspired Australia to act on black money may demonetise Australian envoy. Promoting Sustainable Development at the Grassroots Policy Initiatives in Food Water and Energy: [deleted]. Only 7 Muslims employed in Ministry of Minority Affairs no representation from Buddhists Sikhs Jains and Parsis. TIL Shyam Benegal directed miniseries for RSTV called Samvidhaan back in 2014.: TIL Shyam Benegal directed miniseries for RSTV called Samvidhaan or The Constitution its available on RSTVs youtube channel. It looks pretty great and its a 10 episode series anchored by Swara Bhaskar and had its original run from 2nd March 2014 Link for the first episode for the uninitiated https//www.youtube.com/watchv0U9KDQnIsNk . What chance does UPI have at all if it costs money to spend money: Some pitfalls I foresee 1. UPI is based on IMPS. IMPS is commonly charged at 5service tax per transaction. The argument that UPI is free if pointless is the underlying tech is ultimately chargable. 2. Adding to the point above if I go out and pay 30 to a roadside vendor using UPI and I lose an additional 5.75 in the process why the fck will I use UPI at all Sure for a payment of 10000 a fee of 5.75 is a relatively small price to pay but all the smaller payments are strongly disincentivized. 3. Another pitfall is theres little clarity on the IMPS charges for all the participating banks especially when you take into consideration the mammoth number of account types one can sign up for under each bank. My own bank has two pages on its website one says IMPS is free and I should use it another says IMPS is chargable. As much as I abhor Paytm atleast it doesnt cost the consumer money to pay money Then again Paytm has a 3 fee on the vendorside which is even worse because for 10000 the vendor loses 300. How are we going to go digital this way For cashless India I keep thinking the cost of making all these transactions under UPI free up to a certain limit per day/week/month is way less than the gains the government would make by being able to trace all the money in the system. Just... why not At this moment in time I see cash is the only way forward. As excited as I was about UPI the prospect of losing 5.75 everytime I make a transaction is simply not tenable for me and for many others in what is a poor country. Edit added some more info and context and organized it better. Edit 2 corrected a typo. Edit 3 gt Note that the banks can charge merchant accounts differently rather than P2P payments. For merchants UPI has capped the fees to merchants to the MDR 0.75 per transaction. NPCI charges 50 paisa for IMPS transactions and it has waived that right now for UPI A.P. Hota CEO of National Payments Corporation of India told MediaNama in an earlier interview. gt USSD UPI transfer fees waived Separately the RBI also informed that all banks and Prepaid Payment Instrument PPI issuers will not levy any charges on customers for transactions up to Rs 1000 settled on the Immediate Payment Service IMPS USSDbased 99 and Unified Payment Interface UPI systems. These changes will be in effect from January 1 2017 and shall be applicable till March 31 2017. . Union Budget 201718 to be presented on February 1 Government sources: [deleted]. Is MGNREGA destroying factory jobs Disquieting data shows it discourages skill development. EXCLUSIVE Karnataka caste census data is a mismatch. New Year Resolution Raise Awareness of UPI: Here is a new year resolution. Raise awareness of UPI. Educate people to use BHIM or PhonePe or any similar apps. I remember we as r/india had raised the issue of Net Neutrality and kept the fire burning which fried Free Basics. That time it was simple. It was mostly telling people about the importance of neutral net and dropping a template drafted a mail to TRAI. Going digital is a notch tedious. We as a group collectively should start awareness programs on UPI. Get people to use them. Already PayTM has percolated deep in the metro cities. Those who use PayTM at merchant locations raise awareness of UPI and how the merchants can save that 14 fee levied by PayTM. Those having smartphones get BHIM or PhonePe or similar apps installed. Play around with your friends with small denominations. It is free. Not every bank supports UPI yet but there are many who do. If your bank does not support it call the phone banking numbers contact us emails and enquire why the delay. I know it is hard in the rural areas and it will take some time to percolate. UPI is government backed so it is not likely to have a huge media campaign like PayTM. We stood for Neutral Net we can stand for UPI as well. We can create awareness and make UPI a regular mode of payments. I know I sound preachy but it feels great when you take your local Kirana shop and laundry wala from PayTM to UPI and the smiles on their face hearing it is not as costly as PayTM and there is no 25k monthly cap as PayTM. So the resolution is do what is in your power to raise awareness of UPI. Help it prosper and be ubiquitous. Lets start by places which offer PayTM or other wallet options Since they will already have smartphones. Lets start from Metro cities. It will be much easier there. All the best. The AgriCommodity Exports Affected By Cash Crunch. Indias economy wont lose steam for now predicts UN study. Service charges in restaurants not mandatory Government Times of India